---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Ariana
authors:
- Adegans
tags:
- F/f
- collar
- cuffs
- public
- enclosed
- tease
- denial
- sleepsack
- gag
- punishment
- cons
- X
date: 2025-05-17 00:00:00
---

### 13: A Normal Life

#### Intro

Ariana Birch-Inoue is 27 and Kate Birch is 29 years old. Both women have been married for well over a year.

Ariana is Japanese and has a petite body with a sweet face with dark innocent looking eyes. A small B-cup sits on her chest and she stands about 140cm tall. Her hair is cut short similar to an inverted bob cut.

Ariana prefers to stay at home and busies herself with household chores and her online contract work.

Kate on the other hand is Canadian born and a blonde hottie. She has dark blonde hair and is much taller than Ariana, standing about 175cm tall. Her slender body, also with a B-cup, firm legs and a round butt from going to the gym complement her look.

Both women work together from home. Doing administration work or other financial related tasks. Ariana also does English to Japanese translations as she is quite adept at both languages.

Kate is the leader of the couple. She likes to take charge and is a bit more serious and grounded.

Where-as Ariana prefers a more carefree life. Not thinking too much about things and kinda just winging it. She also fancies herself a submissive, occasionally making a play for Kate being her owner or mistress. Usually with little success as Kate is not really into that kind of lifestyle.

Together they make an attractive couple and they're generally inseparable from each other. Kate took Ariana in a few years ago when she was at a low point in her life. This sparked a mutual attraction which quickly evolved their relationship from friendly co-workers to lovers to married couple.

Unfortunately it’s not all rainbows and sunshine in their world lately. A few months ago they had some trouble on their road trip to Mexico which prompted a falling out between the two and Kate is growing increasingly unhappy with Ariana.

Ever since their big fight on that trip their dynamic has changed a lot and Kate doesn’t like it one bit. Occasionally her mind wanders, going so far as to secretly wish that she never married Ariana.

She’s been trying to stimulate Ariana to be more open and self-thinking for months, and attempt to get the playful and witty Ariana back. But unfortunately nothing she tried has worked so far.

Ariana quietly follows her lead and seems to have given up on being her own person.

#### 1 - Calculation error

Today Ariana enters the flat with a package that just got delivered. In the living room she opens it and without much fanfare calls Kate over and just as her wife enters the room to see what’s up, Ariana clicks her new collar around her neck. She forces the 2 halves together and proceeds to do the same with her wrists. Clicking steel bands around them.

“So what’s this? New cuffs?” She asks with a smirk. For the moment Kate thinks Ariana finally showed some initiative by ordering better cuffs, probably to replace the worn leather ones they sometimes use.

“Yep. For us, so you can own me.” Ariana confirms, showing her wrist.

Kate takes a closer look and notices how plain and simple they look. The simple design has a stylish quality to it. They're a snug fit made of brushed steel with a little swiveling loop on one side for a rope or lock or something to go through.

“They look really smooth and neat this time huh?” Kate jokingly plays along and appreciates the look and finish of the accessories.

“Yea, look, they’re all snug and once closed you can’t remove them.” Ariana holds up her left wrist again so Kate can see what she means.

“Oh ok…” Kate says, staring at the wrist cuff. “So I’ll add the key or pin or whatever to my keyring then, where is it?”

Kate rummages through the packaging.

“There is no key Kate, it’s permanent.”

“What?” Kate looks alarmed.

“I told you I’d find a permanent collar. This is it…” Ariana explains. “Do you like it?”

“Ariana, I… Really? C’mon, quit joking. Where is the lock?” Kate finds a little leaflet in the box which congratulates the wearer with their purchase, but no keys.

Scanning over the piece of paper it is explained in no uncertain terms that once the lock engages, which is basically a catch that’s forced over a little groove inside the steel band, the cuffs can only be removed with professional tools that might harm the wearer.

Kate drops her hands in her lap.

“What did you do?” She sighs, worry shows on her face.

When Ariana doesn’t immediately reply something snaps in her head and she shouts in Ariana’s face, “WHAT THE HELL DID YOU DO!? WHY?”

Kate is furious, “WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU!?!? GOD FUCKING DAMMIT! WHY ARIANA!? WHY!?”

She frantically twists and turns Ariana’s wrist to look for the lock causing Ariana to grimace at the weird angles her arm is forced into. All Kate finds is the hint of a seam on both sides of the steel circle, one hides a hinge and the other the steel catch. She can’t even tell which is which.

“Kate, I thought it would…” Ariana whispers.

*Smack*

Kate slaps her so hard in the face that her fingers hurt and Ariana almost falls off the couch. She lets out a pained scream and bursts into tears.

“If only you would think for once!” Kate yells at her, “Get out of my sight before I throw you off the balcony!”

Ariana says nothing and quickly disappears into their home office with a red cheek, tears streaming down her face.

Kate fumbles with the little info leaflet and doesn't move for a full minute. For the first time since meeting Ariana she truly sees no way forward. She’d been lost and clueless before about all kinds of things but this is incomprehensible, even for Kate. The anger she feels is like nothing she ever felt before. On top of recent months she feels she is finally at a breaking point.

‘If there isn’t a perfect explanation for this soon I’ll divorce her and throw her out…’ her thoughts rage on. 'Love or not. Every fucking time it’s worse and worse and stupider and stupider.’ This unfair train of thought is immediately followed by a more rational wish to free Ariana from the cuffs and fix their relationship.

Ariana had fled into their home office and sits stunned in her chair staring at the corner of her desk. The left side of her face feels numb and her cheek feels like it’s the size of a hockey puck. She quietly pities herself when she touches her cheek. “Ow ow ow…” She groans. Kate had struck her in anger once before, but not nearly as savagely as today.

In their last fight several months ago she thought she understood that Kate wanted her to ‘simply’ follow her lead. Also that their relationship was too centered on what Ariana wanted and not enough on what Kate wants.

Kate had said something to that extent.

Then in the weeks following when Ariana tried to accommodate her, Kate had been frustrated and unhappy and had repeatedly expressed her desire for Ariana to be her own person, think for herself and take initiative. This had confused Ariana because it stood opposite of what she thought Kate wanted from her. So last week Ariana had felt a great sense of relief when she finally found the set of restraints and saw it as the answer for their relationship woes.

It would help Kate make up her mind and it would push herself into her submissive role, like she sort of had wanted for years already and all their worries and problems would finally resolve itself.

She couldn’t be more wrong.

“Yes hello?” Kate calls on the phone.

A pause, presumably the phone talking back.

“This is Kate. My partner bought a set of your permanent cuffs and put them on without thinking it through. How do we remove them?”

Another pause.

“Obviously I know what permanent means! But isn’t there a secret way to remove them? A pinlock or something?” Kate frustratedly continues.

Ariana hears the loud voice of Kate and sighs, hoping Kate can still love her.

“What!? Come oooon! Why would you sell stupid shit like this… In what world does that make sense? Hello? Hello?!?”

The line is dead.

When Kate calls again there is no answer and frustrated anger gets the better of her again. She throws her phone at the wall shattering the display as it bounces off of the stone wall and lands on the floor.

Kate doesn't notice though and a new idea pops into her head, she barges straight into their home office.

Ariana briefly looks over her shoulder at her wife and sees the anger in her eyes. She never saw Kate like this and feels that whatever she does or say will upset Kate even more.

She re-focuses on the table corner.

“Hey! Don’t ignore me Ariana!” She shouts at her wife. You’re going to call that blacksmith friend of yours and have him remove these things, immediately!”

Ariana shrugs and looks over her shoulder again at Kate with fearful eyes. “Can’t, he’ll cut my arms off.” She says with a tiny voice.

“Ariana! Call him now or you can leave this home and never come back!” Kate shouts.

When Ariana just stares at her in disbelief, Kate grabs her phone and forces Ariana to look at the screen to unlock it and calls Brad herself.

“Hello?” Kate tries her best to sound calm.

“Who’s this? Ariana? Sheila isn’t…” Brad sounds surprised.

“No, it’s Kate, her wife. Listen, we need your help. Now!” Kate interrupts him.

“Oh hello Kate. Sounds urgent. What’s wrong?”

“You can cut steel right? Cuffs and things?” Kate charges forward.

“Ehhh… Sure?” Brad sounds unsure.

Kate takes a deep breath, “Well, can you? Or not?”

“I'm hanging up…” Brad threatens, he's not in the mood for angry bitches.

“NO! Please! Don’t hang up!” Kate calls out. “She put steel cuffs on herself. I don't know what to do.”

“Just unlock them of-course…” Brad sounds uncaring, thinking it’s a trivial issue…

“They’re permanent cuffs. Some shithead sells crap like that, and Little Miss Dumbass here locked herself in without thinking!”

“Oh… Ok, now that changes things I suppose.” Brad sounds a little more interested now. “Better come by the shop. I’ll take a look.”

#### 2 - Release

Kate shoves Ariana unkindly into the bedroom, “Get proper clothes on and hurry up!” She orders her.

“Yes Kate…” Ariana mumbles sullen. She's half convinced that Kate is not giving up on her just yet. Hearing her on the phone with Brad told her as much. That must mean that Kate still loves her, she’s sure of it. But she doesn't know what Kate will do afterwards.

When they’re going down in the elevator 20 minutes later, Ariana sees her reflection and sees the dried tears and feels her swollen and red cheek. It hurts when she touches it or when she opens her mouth all the way.

“Kate? I’m sorry. I didn't think…” Ariana tries.

“Shut up, It's fine. We'll fix this. Don't worry.” Kate silences her, sounding very determined.

Moments later they drive out of the garage and Kate sighs as she catches a glimpse of the wrist cuffs and goes on the attack again. “What were you thinking? Locking that crap on yourself?”

“I’m sorry Kate. Really.” Ariana quietly responds, she's leaning against the passenger window staring outside.

“What if your body changes? Gain weight." Kate rants, "How would you show yourself in public? Or go in an airplane wearing that? Or to the doctor? Hm? Well?”

Ariana didn’t think about any of that. She just wanted to please Kate.

“You truly are a stupid girl sometimes… Unbelievable!” Kate finishes berating her, rubbing her knee across the center console.

“I’m not a girl… Don’t call me that.” Ariana wishes.

“Right now, you’re in no position to tell me what to call you.” Kate glares at her as they wait for a traffic light.

“Matt called me a girl too. It hurts if you do it.” Ariana continues.

Kate sighs but says nothing, thinking, ‘And since when is that a problem?’ She has been calling Ariana girl from time to time for years.

Arriving at Brad's workshop Kate meets the man for the first time and immediately associates his appearance with that of something of a warrior. He's as tall as she is but his shoulders are twice as broad as hers. He has short straw blonde hair, piercing blue eyes and well defined muscles. She thinks he’s incredibly manly and handsome.

She loses herself in his eyes for a moment when they shake hands.

Brad invites the women into his domain and he calls out for his girlfriend.

“Sheila!” Brad calls out. “They're here. Keep Kate company yea?”

Sheila comes out of the office and waves at the couple, giving Kate a quick hug. “Hey guys, long time no see. How are you?”

“Couldn’t be better.” Kate grumbles.

Sheila moves on to Ariana and looks at the depressed woman with pity, giving her a hug too. “Hey don’t worry, ok? You’ll be free in no-time I’m sure.” She whispers.

And then to Kate, “Come, let’s wait in the office and catch up. Brad wants to do this alone.”

Kate looks longingly at her wife, but she's looking dreamily at the crane in the back of the workshop and is not paying attention to the people around her. 'Typical…' Kate thinks, and she follows Sheila into the office where Shiela closes the door.

"Well then…" Brad starts and follows her gaze, she's looking at the crane that she had hung upside down from.

"Hey Ariana?" He tries to get her attention. "Hey! Are you ok?" He looks her up and down. She's still as cute as ever. But she looks terrible today. Her cheek is red, tears on her face and a pair of very very sad eyes. He feels sorry for her without even knowing what's going on yet.

Ariana notices him looking, “Brad, I… I’m so, so sorry.” She stammers, ashamed of him seeing her like this.

“That’s alright. Kate seems pretty upset huh? Tell me what happened.” His kind voice shows genuine interest and care.

“She is. I never saw her this angry. She hit me so hard… It hurts.” Ariana mumbles, touching her cheek.

“Oh poor girl…” Brad steps forward and hugs Ariana firmly, thinking Kate really did a number on her. He can imagine how angry Kate must have been just by looking at her red cheek. Understandable but mean.

‘Dumb submissives sometimes…’ He thinks. "So uh, I guess I'll hang you from the crane to cheer you up? Remember last time?" He jokes.

Ariana looks up at him with scared eyes. "Kate doesn't know about that… Don't tell her ok?"

“Oh ok, anyway… Let me take a look at you. It's been a long time since you were here.” He releases her from his embrace and guides her to his workbench and inspects the cuffs and collar. “Whoa, they’re really nice. I like it.” He grins at her, “I see why you bought them.”

Brad praising her choice of restraints is the first good thing of today. It cheers her up a bit and she smiles at him.

“And look, it’s so simple looking. But stylish too. I think it looks nice." Ariana shares her view with some enthusiasm. "Kate doesn’t get it though, she absolutely hates it.”

While listening, Brad fingers the wrist cuffs to see how much space he has under them. Then he feels around her collar and thinks he has enough space to safely remove everything.

“Well, I can certainly remove them." He tells her. "…but, you might lose a thumb.” Brad jokingly adds.

Ariana looks fearful at him but says nothing.

“Pity that we have to ruin the cuffs too.” He says as if that’s more important than her thumbs.

He is thinking about making something like this as a product he can sell himself. The thought of permanent steel cuffs is exciting, surely some of his clients would like it, too. Brad sees her fear and pretends to think for a minute. As if he is considering a safer method to remove them, even though there is no danger or difficulty at all.

“Come,” he finally says, and he pulls her to his vice where he clamps the swiveling loop on the left wrist cuff in it, locking Ariana in place in an awkward bent over position. He ruffles her hair and grins at her but says nothing. Then he disappears into the office, closing the door behind him. Leaving Ariana behind looking nervously around.

“So uhm, she’ll be fine. No biggie, I’ll just cut the cuffs off and no harm done.” He tells the women in there.

Kate looks relieved. "Thanks Brad, I really appreciate your help…"

“She doesn’t know that yet though." Brad continues, "She thinks it’s gonna lose her thumbs.”

“Isn’t that a bit mean?” Sheila asks.

“It's just a joke.” Brad smirks, “And not nearly as mean as what she did.” Brad points accusingly at Kate. “Did you really have to hit her that hard?”

Kate says nothing and looks at a stack of papers on the desk.

“She's your wife, stupid.” Brad continues, “If I hear about you hitting her again out of anger I’ll report you to the police. Understand?”

Kate swallows and slowly nods. “She deserved it though… Just this time.”

“No no no…” He shakes his head. “That’s not how things work Kate. Be careful what you say next, yes?” Brad matter of factly says. “I won’t tell Ariana about this. But you’ve been warned.”

“Yeah ok, I get it. No hitting of girls.” Kate mumbles.

“Damn right!” Brad confirms, winking at Sheila who nods her approval.

“So you really want her out of those things? No slave play for you? Is that it?” He wants to know next.

“She’s no slave and she can’t have permanent cuffs. I don’t care what she says or wants or thinks about that. It's stupid and impractical!” Kate confirms.

Brad thinks for a moment and makes up his mind. “Agreed on it being impractical for her.” He confirms, “Alright then, do you know what an angle grinder is?”

When Kate shakes her head he says, “Then you can wait here while Sheila and I free Ariana. There are drinks and stuff in the fridge behind you if you want anything."

And with that he turns to Sheila, "Dear assistant, come with me.”

Kate sits still for a moment, she’s upset with Brad and what he said. But then she feels like curling up in a corner and crying. This whole day can be erased from existence for all she cares.

Sheila has been watching the powerplay between Kate and her man and is impressed with how casually Brad controls the situation. She follows him outside.

"You're so good like this Brad. Putting her in her place. Super cool!" She whispers at him with appreciation.

Brad grunts his acknowledgment with a nod and a smile. "But they both need to be put in their place." He quietly replies. "And when it’s all done and gone we're going to design cuffs like that to sell…"

"What? To who?" Sheila wonders.

"Shh, we'll discuss it when they're gone. I know people…" Brad shushes her.

In the workshop Ariana is struggling with her arm but she can’t get loose, ‘where did Brad go? Why is he taking so long?’ She's getting antsy and wants to stand straight, or sit down. But really she just wants to get this over with so she can learn to live with her soon to be scarred body and try to win back Kate's favor.

Suddenly the office door opens and Sheila and Brad come out.

“Darling, go get some 3 millimeter plate or an angled piece that fits around your wrist.” Brad instructs holding up his hands indicating a length.

“Brad! You're not going to hurt me, right?” Ariana calls out, she's really getting scared now. "And you'll take me to a doctor, ok?"

“Oh, don’t you worry.” He laughs at her. “You’ll get some nice scars to brag about.”

He makes a cutting gesture as if he's using massive bolt cutters to cut her hands off. Sheila can't help but laugh at hearing the little show.

“NO! Brad! Please! Find a better way!” Ariana yells in fear.

Brad laughs again and he explains his real plan, but it does little to ease Ariana's mind. All she hears is that he’s using a saw on her wrist and it will cut through everything.

Sheila comes back smiling and brings a strip of metal plate and Brad makes a crude bent piece which he forces between the wrist cuff and Ariana's skin. With a nod he then starts cutting the cuff with a reciprocating saw.

Ariana stares at it hoping she can keep her fingers.

5 nervous minutes later her wrist is free and Brad repeats the process with Ariana’s other arm.

Next, it’s time to get rid of the collar. This proves more difficult because the moving saw blade is too long and her head is in the way. Brad has to use an angle grinder instead. Ariana knows this kind of tool and knows how loud and scary they are, she protests and urges Brad to use something else. But he simply tells her to be quiet and pushes Ariana down to the vice so he can clamp the collar in it.

With the loop on the back of her neck she’s now precariously leaning backwards over the vice, unable to stand straight. But more importantly, unable to escape Brad and his tools.

Sheila tries to calm Ariana down while holding her arms in place. But when Ariana won’t calm down she covers her mouth with her hand.

"Good thinking…" Brad smirks as he maneuvers another strip of iron between the collar and Ariana’s throat. When that’s in place he bends down, leaning on her chest and crushing her breasts as he attacks the collar.

Kate hears the commotion and looks at the scene of distress from the office door and is strangely at ease with the whole situation. All she can think about is that Ariana will be free and unburdened soon.

Sparks fly and hit Ariana’s ear and collarbone as the grinder screams as it cuts through the steel. It briefly hits the plate that protects Ariana’s neck and the collar is loose.

"There! Easy!" Brad declares victory, standing up straight.

Ariana lies over the workbench panting and sobbing. She’d never been this scared in her life, but it seems Brad has fooled her with his talk about scars and losing thumbs.

Sheila helps her stand but she's too distraught and sinks to the floor crying. She's spent. Kate rushes to her aid and crouches down next to Ariana trying to comfort her.

“Come dear, let’s go over some inventory.” Sheila beckons her man to the storage room with a horny glint in her eyes. The whole event has her excited.

Brad follows her with a hungry look in his eyes, leaving the two women alone.

“Hey guys, take your time yeah? We’ll be right back…” He calls out into the workshop.

#### 3 - Talk

Ariana quickly calms down and Kate wipes her tears away. “So? What do you have to say for yourself?” She demands.

"I'm… I hate my life." Ariana quietly sobs.

“Look at the trouble you’re causing everyone." Kate ignores her remark. "And for what? Your stupid desire to be a slave?”

“It’s not stupid Kate!” Ariana looks up and Kate presses a kiss on her lips.

They share an intense kiss and finally Kate pulls her closer and hugs Ariana. And with a much softer voice, “There, there. Calm down. It's over now. It’s a good thing you have an understanding partner like me, huh? And knowing Brad sure came in handy.”

“Kate, please, I’m sorry ok… Stop making me feel stupid.” Ariana whispers into Kate's shoulder. She then considers Kate her words and thinks, ‘If this is understanding, I wonder how bad not understanding is…’

“But you are stupid. Sometimes.” Kate assures her. “Don’t do something like this again, ok?”

Ariana nods, she’s so confused and nothing makes sense anymore. Kate thinks she's stupid, but also still loves her? But then she's super mean, and now she’s all caring and sweet again?

What the fuck does it all mean?

They sit on the floor hugging for a while. Kate quickly turns back into the kind and caring lover Ariana knows and loves. Her anger is completely gone now that the situation has been somewhat resolved. After a few minutes she puts Ariana in the car and goes looking for Brad and Sheila.

Kate calls out for Brad from the workshop but gets no reply. When she steps through the warehouse door she hears a metal clunk followed by a silent curse. Brad looks over his shoulder as if he just stole something.

“Brad? What are you doing?" Kate smirks.

"Uhm, just banged my knee…" Brad says with a steely glare.

"Oh, anyway, I uh, we’re sorry to bother you with all this.” Kate starts. “And ehh, I’m sorry for hitting Ariana. We were both a bit out of line I guess.”

“That’s alright,” Brad replies, quickly zipping up his pants. “No need to apologize to me for what you do with your wife… Is she ok?”

Kate inwardly rolls her eyes but says, "She'll be fine. I put her in the car. So, I guess we’re done here? Where is Sheila?”

“She’s up there…” Brad casually points at the ceiling.

“Oh ok… What do I owe you for your time?” Kate glances at the ceiling not getting that Brad is distracting her from an interrupted blowjob.

Sheila hears Brad’s voice as she sits hiding behind the bins with screws and bolts. Quietly laughing as Brad tries to find an out from being caught. But luckily Kate doesn’t seem to notice what’s going on.

Kate looks around, “She’s your admin girl, right?”

“Among other things, yes.” Brad confirms, “Girlfriend, receptionist, source of joy, shop assistant… You name it. But I can make invoices too if that's what you mean.”

His grin flashes across the room.

“Eh, right, well how much for your time? Or…” Kate hesitates, looking up again. The ceiling looks like a roof, not like something that has another floor on it. 'Weird…' She thinks.

“Oh never mind that." Brad refuses the payment. "Just promise me you’ll take Ariana more seriously and make her your slave or whatever if she truly wants that.” Brad tells her, motioning her back to the workshop.

The door smacks shut as Sheila is left alone. She laughs as she imagines Brad trying to keep a straight face while dealing with his boner in front of Kate. She'll sort him out soon though.

“So? Do you need any manacles or stuff to make her happy?” Brad wonders if he can sell her something. “Something with a lock?”

“No thanks…” Kate rejects the offer.

“A cage maybe? I make those too…” Brad offers his latest creation.

“Ehh…” Kate stammers.

“Anyway, if I know Ariana a little, she mostly just needs someone to control her, like a leader figure? The bondage is just an easy way to achieve that, right?” Brad gives his insights. He vividly remembers how eager Ariana had been, even for him, to be helpless in bondage but really had no clue what she truly wanted.

“And what would you know about that?” Kate wonders.

“Oh nothing much, just an observation.” Brad quickly course-corrects, remembering Kate doesn’t know about Ariana coming to him for bondage ages ago. “Anyway, girls like her? Probably would enjoy being a bit of a pet. Boss her around, treat her as such. Stuff like that.”

Kate hmms, thinking Brad knows an awful lot about Ariana's kinks for just a casual friend.

“If I were you,” He babbles on, “I’d tape her up and put a collar on her every once in a while and lead her around the house or something. Make her feel helpless and loved and she’ll be happy. Maybe turn her into a bit of a cat girl?”

“Tape her? Like make a video?” Kate frowns.

“Nooo, wrap her limbs with tape.” He doubles up his arm. “Like this? Easy right? Then wrap it up tight all the way to the shoulder. Same with her legs.” Brad laughs at the image in his head of Ariana stumbling around on her elbows and knees.

“You do that with Sheila?” Kate wonders.

“Oh no, Sheila is no pet…” Brad informs her. “She’s something of a handmaiden. We do medieval cosplay sometimes, you know? I'm a knight, I made a sword and chainmail." He grins, "Haven’t really found her character yet though.”

“Well, whatever. It’s also about what I want.” Kate grumbles, she doesn't care for knights and armor. “A normal life!”

Brad looks at her. “Yeah, you're that kind of person…" He makes it sound like that's a bad thing. "Just don’t make it all about you and your normal life. She’s a person with wants too, you know? And bondage is fun… So find a middle ground, if you both like cats for example.”

‘What's with the fixation on cats?’ Kate thinks.

“Yeah ok, well, thanks for all your help. Maybe one day we can repay you guys. Or just send that bill if you change your mind.” Kate tells him. And she turns and heads for the door.

“Oh no need, Ariana has done more for me than I ever could for her.” Brad beams at her.

Kate stops dead in her tracks and turns around, “Meaning?”

“Don’t you know? She introduced Sheila to me… Best thing to ever happen to us.” He smiles so broadly that Kate has to smirk as well. His happiness is infectious.

“I see. I’ll make sure to turn Ariana into a slave-pet-thing as a thanks. Tell her that’s all because of you.” Kate jokingly says. And before Brad can make his objections she’s out the door with a simple “Cya later.”

He frowns and returns to the storage room to look for Sheila. He's not in the mood for any work after all this madness. And decides he doesn't like Kate at all.

Sheila has been listening at the door and grins at Ariana becoming a cat. Complete with ears and a tail. 'That's so her…' She thinks.

#### 4 - Slave for the evening

Kate walks to the car thinking about Brad's words, 'Ariana a cat? Preposterous.' And without much further thought she gets in the car.

"Hey Kitty!" Kate greets Ariana.

"Nyaa!" (*Meow!*) Ariana absentmindedly responds.

They're quiet on the way home, Kate's mind is full of thoughts she doesn't want to talk about. And Ariana her ears are still ringing from the angle grinder and she wants to be left alone for a while.

When they exit the car in the parking garage Kate and Ariana walk hand in hand to the elevator. In the elevator Kate wraps her arm around her shoulders and holds her close. About halfway up, Ariana steps even closer holding her arms around Kate's torso. "I love you Kate…" Ariana whispers. “Thank you for always taking care of me even if you think I’m the stupidest person ever.”

Kate has no good response for that but pulls her arm that’s around her lover's shoulders more tightly.

Once inside their flat Ariana disappears into the bathroom to clean herself up. There is iron dust in her hair, her shirt is dirty and she smells like a workshop.

Kate quickly gets changed into a lazy outfit and after cleaning up the packaging from the cuffs she ends up on the couch pouring big glasses of wine until she drinks everything in the flat that has alcohol in it and falls asleep. Slumping sideways in the corner of the couch.

Ariana meanwhile sits under the shower, hot water raining on her, for the next 3 hours and thinks about her life. How stupid she is, why she can’t be normal. Why Kate doesn't give up on her. She finds no real answers other than that Kate is truly special for sticking with her. Despite her anger and wishy-washy attitude towards the whole Dom-sub dynamic sometimes.

The next day Kate wakes up early on the couch and has a pounding headache and a hangover. "Urgh!" She groans as she stretches out.

Ariana is curled up next to her. She'd put her regular collar on, the one with the torx bolt for a lock, and sleeps next to Kate. She stirs and 'mmm's' when Kate cups her cheek.

"I love you, dummy supergirl." Kate mumbles near her ear and goes to make breakfast.

An hour later Ariana stirs and feels for Kate not finding her. "Kate?!" She quietly calls out with her eyes still closed. "Where are you, Kate?"

Kate who sits next to Ariana, on her other side, smiles and just tickles her neck.

Ariana rolls over and grasps for her wife, hugging her feet. "Kate, Ohayō!" (*Good morning!*)

"Oi oi!" (*Hey hey!*) Kate simply replies. It's pretty much the only Japanese word she can remember other than Kon'nichiwa and Ohayō and maybe a few others.

Kate is terrible with languages. But she likes this one word because it sounds funny to her.

Ariana smiles and rolls on her back again stretching her limbs. 'I'm going to pretend yesterday didn't happen', Ariana thinks.

She decided that yesterday in the shower.

'And I'm going to…'

Her thoughts are interrupted by Kate. "I threw away the screwdriver."

"What?" Ariana wants to know. She looks curiously up at Kate.

"For your collar, Since you want to be a slave so badly… I tightened the screw and threw away the screwdriver." Kate explains.

She didn't throw it away. It's on the top shelf in the washroom, but something Brad said gave her an idea to end this slave nonsense once and for all.

"Eh… ok?" Ariana sounds confused. "But you hate it, right?"

"It's what you want, isn't it?" Kate wonders, noticing her lover's hesitation.

"Yea I guess…" Ariana stares straight up at the ceiling. "Why didn't you let me keep the other one then?"

"Because that one was impossible to remove." Kate clarifies.

'Yea right, I never wore a collar for a shorter time than that one.' Ariana thinks back to her ordeal yesterday. "Totally impossible, yes…" She groans. "Well. You owe me for destroying it." Ariana announces, ignoring Kate's serious tone. "I'll send you the bill."

"Yea whatever." Kate sighs, thinking Ariana is not taking her seriously. "Want some tea? Breakfast?" She then asks.

"You also owe me for hitting me… Again. You didn't even say sorry." Ariana continues.

"Slaves don't get apologies for the dumb things they do." Kate mutters, typing in her spreadsheet. "So? Breakfast? What do you want?" She looks down on her wife who lies next to her with a frown on her face.

Ariana gets up, "I'll make it, since I'm your slave now." She reaches for Kate's mug.

"Yea ok. Get to it then." Kate bosses her around while focusing on her laptop again.

In the kitchen Ariana sighs thinking that Kate is not taking her very seriously and starts making tea and sausage and egg.

"Just tea for me sweetie. No sugar." Kate calls out from the living room.

"Yes boss!" Ariana giggles, slipping a spoonful of sugar in Kate's tea anyway knowing that Kate likes it better this way.

They go about their day. Kate has her work, Ariana does her chores and in the afternoon also does some work. They don't talk much. When it's dinner time Kate announces they're going out and urges Ariana to get dressed in something nice.

She herself wears her jeans and brown jacket and leather boots. Ariana picks a knee length sand colored dress with black socks under it and her low boots.

Kate shows little patience and tells Ariana she needs to be ready for her when she wants to go out.

"Why Kate? What's the hurry?" Ariana wonders.

"Slaves are to be ready for their masters at all times." Kate informs her.

"But…" Ariana stammers when they step into the elevator.

"What? You're a slave, right? Act accordingly!" Kate quietly scolds her.

Ariana hmms. 'That's not how that should work,' she thinks.

She spends the whole way down to the parking garage brooding on an answer, but can't come up with anything smart to say.

"Where are we going?" She asks as they walk to the car.

"You'll see."

Ariana hmms again. "It's a surprise then?"

"Slaves don't ask questions or know things, they just follow their owner." Kate tells her.

"Kaahaate, talk to me… Why are you like this?" Ariana whines.

"Get in the car and be quiet." Kate orders her.

When the women are in the car Kate looks at her with a grin. "Not so fun is it? Being a slave?"

Ariana says nothing at first but then admits, "It's not. I thought we're a team but you're just being weird."

'Yes!' Kate cheers inward. "Thought so. So what'll it be? Be a team like before? Or be a slave?"

"Kate, I don't know." Ariana pouts. "I never really thought about it like this."

Now Kate 'hmms', "So all these years and every time you said you wanted to be my slave or pet or whatever you didn't know what you wished for?"

"Yea I guess. I thought it's just for sex." Ariana confesses.

"Hah, dummy!" Kate laughs at her and starts the engine. "Think about it then, you have until midnight to decide."

Ariana says nothing and ponders her options.

Kate drives through the city to Burger King. She expected Ariana to give up already so they could decide together where to eat. But now she has to keep up the ruse for a bit longer.

While waiting in line Kate tells her what to order. "You'll have a Big King, pick your own drink. And I want a Whopper with Sprite." She instructs Ariana.

"But I want the chicken burger. It's my favorite." Ariana protests, she doesn't like the sauce on the Big King burger.

Kate just looks at her sternly and says. "Do as you're told. I'll go find a table."

Ariana sighs, 'This fucking sucks.' She curses in her head.

"Trouble with your friend?" A voice comes from behind her.

"What? Why?" Ariana looks over her shoulder and sees a man behind her with a kind face.

"Being told what to eat… Sounds like she's upset with you."

"No, we're eh, fine. She’s the boss…" Ariana says shyly, quickly looking ahead to hide her humiliation.

"Uh-huh…" He makes a noise at her.

Even bystanders see what Kate is doing, also not good. 10 minutes later she's looking for Kate who found a table in the back of the restaurant.

"Took you long enough." Kate complains.

"Sorry… The cashier and the line… It's slow." Ariana apologizes.

They eat mostly in silence while Kate eyes Ariana up and down, trying to gauge what she's thinking but she has no clue.

"Kate?" Ariana suddenly whispers, "This is not how being a slave should be."

"Indeed, a master doesn't eat together with a slave." Kate states after a few seconds.

"No Kate, I mean, it's only for sex." Ariana hisses.

"So you're chickening out then? Barely a day and you're done?" Kate asks.

"Yea uh, I guess. But you'll still tie me up sometimes right?" Ariana wants to know.

"Sure. I'll tie you up tomorrow if you behave." Kate pokes her in the side. "I’ll put you in the closet for talking back to me and ignore you the whole day. Now lift up your skirt. Sit on your butt."

"What?"

"Just do it, no clothes between you and the seat." Kate urges her.

Ariana shimmies her dress from between her butt and the chair and feels the plastic seat against her skin.

Nobody would notice anything weird and no extra skin is showing. But Ariana feels awkward all the same.

"You're a terrible slave." Kate laughs at her weary look.

"Yeah yeah…" Ariana sighs. "Can we go back to normal now?"

They lean into each other drinking their sodas and Kate wraps her arm around her wife’s waist and sneaks a finger of her other hand under the dress.

"Kate, no! People can see." Ariana urges her to stop.

"Nobody is paying attention to you as long as you act normal." Kate assures her.

"You know I can't… stop." Ariana pouts.

"That's your problem." Kate grins. Her finger rubs over Ariana's panties. "Slutty you, it's already damp." She whispers in her ear, causing Ariana to go beet red.

"Kate, we talked about doing it in public. Please, anything, but not here…" Ariana pleads for mercy.

"Fine, fine. I'll stop." And she pokes Ariana in her crotch with 2 fingers causing a moan and stops her advances, leaving Ariana feeling all embarrassed. "You're not very dedicated though…" Kate opines.

“It’s stupid…” Ariana mumbles after a while.

“What’s that?” Kate wants to know.

“This, what you’re doing now. You choose the wrong burger because you know I don’t like it.” Ariana accuses her.

“Of-course not, a slave likes everything their owner decides. And I decided on this one. You should be glad you got dinner at all…” Kate counters.

Ariana ‘hhmps’ and continues, “And can’t you just do that when we’re home? I’ll be whatever you want there?”

“What kind of deal is that?” Kate rejects her, “You already do whatever I want when we’re home.”

“I knoooooow, Kate. Geez!” Ariana is getting frustrated. “So can we go back to that please?”

“Well if you insist… Sure.” Kate pretends to casually agree. “I guess we’ll need to get a new screwdriver then, hm?”

She’s trying hard to keep a straight face and not laugh.

Ariana says nothing at first but then, “Yea ok, I just want to go back to how we were. Can we?”

“Of-course we can. I’ve been trying to do that ever since Mexico.” Kate tells her, happy with her victory.

“But you haven’t been punished yet…” She continues.

“Punished?” Ariana wonders.

“Yea for yesterday and all the stress you caused everyone.”

Ariana sighs, “Fine whatever, do you worst. But you can’t hit me.”

“Mmhm, I’ll think of something.” Kate promises.

She already knows what she’s going to do. She'd been occasionally thinking about it for months and it’ll be the perfect thing to do as a ‘last time thing’ before stopping this slave nonsense.

#### 5 - Suitcase travel

Kate wakes up early like she usually does but today she drags Ariana to the shower with her.

Ariana is not a morning person at all and stands in the shower only vaguely aware of her surroundings. Just as she's wondering why it’s raining in bed a wave of pleasure hits her and she finally realizes she’s upright and in the shower.

Kate stands behind her with her arm around her torso, holding Ariana close, her other hand is rubbing vigorously over Ariana’s pussy.

“Ohmmm, Kaaate…” Ariana moans with her eyes closed.

Kate continues at full speed, pressing their bodies together and after a minute Ariana tenses up as she lets out a sigh in a quiet orgasm. “Fuck…” She gasps.

Kate kisses her and agrees, “Yes, fuck…” But otherwise says nothing and finishes showering. Toweling them both dry and blow dries Ariana’s hair.

Ariana is still on autopilot and is led by her collar to their rolling suitcase and Kate makes her step into it. Gently pushing her to her knees and on her side so Kate can zip her up. She's in the suitcase with her legs pulled up to her chin and her arms to her side sort of wedged between her torso and legs with her hands up to her face. There is some free space around her head. But otherwise the carry-on luggage sized suitcase is pretty much packed.

Ariana finally catches on that something is happening to her and quickly wakes up. She thinks she’s not in bed and certainly not dreaming.

“Kate?” The nervous voice comes from the suitcase, Ariana struggles against the suitcase. “I'm stuck, what are you doing?”

“Shush! Slave!” Kate urges her to be quiet, “Today is punishment day!” And she smacks the suitcase with a flat hand.

“Slave? But we're back to normal? Right?” Ariana wants to know.

Kate laughs at her wife, “Just be quiet until I let you out.”

The suitcase wobbles on the floor as Ariana tries to escape, but it’s a sturdy product and it doesn’t budge.

Kate gets dressed and packs their other suitcase, three sets of clothes, an extra pair of shoes for her lover and some other things for a weekend away.

When she’s finally ready both suitcases are wheeled to the garage and loaded into the car.

“Morning Kate.” The concierge greets her. “More grocery shopping?”

He makes a bit of a joke as he still remembers how Kate lied to him about going shopping with a suitcase. Unknown to him, Kate had put Ariana in his office in the suitcase. He never figured out what game she was playing at the time, but it certainly didn’t involve shopping.

“Oh hello," Kate greets him. "No, I’m going away for a few days.” She casually replies.

“All on your lonesome?” He wants to know, knowing the two women usually stick together like glue.

“Yeap, I'm making my escape!” Kate grins at him.

‘Uh-huh…’ He thinks he saw that grin before and thinks to know that Kate is lying. He walks away shaking his head wondering what she is up to now.

Kate heads back upstairs one more time to get her phone, which somehow has a broken screen, her laptop and wallet and things like that and then quickly heads back to the car and moments later they're on their way.

“Kate?” Ariana calls out. “Hey Kate! Let me out!”

Kate ignores her wife.

“Where are we going? To the shopping plaza? Hey!?”

Kate reaches behind her seat and wiggles Ariana in the suitcase, causing her to shriek.

“Talking suitcases are so weird…” Kate informs her.

Ariana contemplates her situation. She's in the car, going someplace. And Kate had said she's going away for a few days. And what’s more curious, she’s naked and outside of their building.

It’s all very scary.

“Kaahaate! I’m naked, you know?” Ariana whines.

“I know…” Kate simply says, pointing the car towards Kingston, a city just over 2 hours east of Toronto. She turns up her music and hums along with it, ignoring Ariana.

Ariana is not sure what to make of it all. They never did something like this before. Surely the car ride is taking too long for the shopping center. Are they really going away for a few days? And if so, where to? And what of herself? She’s just luggage? Or what?

It’s exciting and scary. Ariana struggles with her arms to try and reach her crotch but she can't rotate her arm and is completely helpless in her confined space. After a while she feels bored and sleepy and closes her eyes.

About halfway on the journey Kate pulls into a service area for a short break. She gets fuel and eats a hotdog as an early lunch.

They’re parked on the far end of the rest area.

"Here comes pokey poke!" Kate announces, and she unzips part of the suitcase, sticking her fingers inside, feeling for Ariana’s crotch.

Ariana wakes up and shrieks at the intrusion but soon moans out loud as Kate fingers her for a few minutes.

“Kate! More more!” Ariana moans, but just as Ariana is about to orgasm the fingers disappear and the suitcase is zippered shut.

“Be quiet now, we’re in a gas station.” Kate laughs at her.

“What?!” Comes a scared yelp from Ariana. She quickly tones it down and quietly moans and tries again to snake her hands to her crotch, which of-course isn't possible. Finally giving up feeling frustrated. A moment later she then calls out for Kate, "Can I have a drink Kate? I'm very thirsty, and hungry."

But Kate just says she can't risk a toilet break if she eats or drinks anything and moments later they’re on the road again.

“Kate! My feet cramp! Can I come out now?” Ariana complains.

“You have no clothes babe.” Kate refuses to help her wife.

“But it hurts Kate, my neck too. It’s very tight in here.” Comes the next attempt for release.

“You’ll be fine, it’s only been a few hours.” She tells her. Ariana is very flexible, there is no way she's actually hurting, Kate knows.

‘Hours and still driving?’ Ariana thinks with an excited worry, ‘Where the hell are we going?’

Kate has taken her time and a little past 1PM they finally arrive in Kingston and Kate navigates her way to the hotel she booked. It's near the city park and downtown area. The hotel is a classically styled house that is converted to a hotel, or a luxurious bed & breakfast. Kate once again found a good deal for a room online.

An attendant wishes her a good afternoon in the small parking area and offers to help with her luggage. “Sure, but be careful, this one has my books in it.” Kate warns.

Ariana is frozen with fear as she is picked up with a manly grunt and lands on the ground with a shock, she quietly ‘oomphs’ upon landing.

“Whoa, you weren't kidding… This one weighs as much as a boar.” Comes the unintended insult to Ariana.

“Yea, sorry about that.” Kate apologizes.

Ariana is wheeled across the parking lot, then bumps up a few steps and finally rolls to a stop gently bumping into something of a wall. She holds her breath and presses her face into her knees until the movements stop, she lets out a frightened sigh.

She's now in the lobby, right next to the check-in desk.

‘That fucking Kate! Where are we now?’ She thinks. Surely she’s going to be discovered.

“Welcome, welcome! Ehh miss Birch? Is it?” A female voice sounds. "Your room is all ready!"

‘A hotel?’ Ariana wonders.

“Good afternoon indeed.” Ariana hears Kate say.

“It’s just yourself? We were expecting 2…”

“No it’s just me for now." Kate quickly interjects. "A little escape from the craziness of home.” She sounds cheery but Ariana thinks it’s a mean remark, as if Kate wants to escape from her, she said 'escape' twice today.

“Oh right, well, I'm sure you'll be able to relax here. If you please make your payment with credit card, or cash if you prefer.” The receptionist continues her check-in routine.

“I believe the room is paid for through Booking.” Kate sounds a bit less friendly now. She hates check-ins where the staff are uninformed. Very unprofessional.

“Oh, right…" A short pause, Ariana smirks as she pictures Kate looking impatient and tapping her fingers on the desk or something. And then, "Oh yes, I see. Your room is on the 2nd floor. Enjoy your stay. The stairs are over there.”

“I see, thanks” Kate smiles and heads to her room with the luggage guy in tow.

Ariana almost lets out a yelp as her suitcase tilts and rolls towards the left and is then carried up a flight of stairs. The floating sensation is very weird and unsettling. When she is finally set down she wants to call out for Kate but is afraid of people hearing her. She can’t tell if Kate is alone until a door opens.

“Here we are ms. Birch.” The man's voice sounds, shoving Ariana inside the room. She’s then lifted onto a luggage stand and laid down.

The tilting sensation almost has her scream in panic, but she can keep quiet and quietly 'mmmphs' once more as she lands on her side.

A quick room tour and a 'enjoy your stay' later the door closes and they appear to finally be alone.

“Kate?” Ariana hisses. “Hey, Kate? Are we alone?”

Kate is in the bathroom freshening up and doesn’t hear her silly captive.

After a minute there is a voice nearby, “Hey psst, you’re ready to come out?”

“Kate, oh, finally! Let me out please! Quick…” Ariana sounds desperate.

Kate smirks and unzips the suitcase and stares down on her disheveled looking wife. "You look like a mess," Kate matter of factly states with a wink.

She then helps her wife step out and Ariana practically jumps at Kate hugging her tightly. “Thanks, thank you. Where the hell are we?” She wants to know, looking at the stylish room they’re in. "It's beautiful!"

“Don’t concern yourself with that. You’re not here.” Kate shuts her down.

“But where…”

“Shh, punishment isn’t done yet.”

“Kate, what? Can we…” Ariana protests.

“Hey, don’t forget, you’re naked, in a strange city, smuggled into a hotel you’re not supposed to be in. Just do as you’re told.” Kate belittles her.

“Kaahaate, that’s no fun.” Ariana sobs into her shoulder.

“Quiet now. You’re mine, my slave, remember? Sex games only, just as you always wanted.”

“Yes Kate…” Ariana sounds defeated. 'So it's like that… Still a slave, even though we agreed to stop.'

Kate smirks at her wife's disappointed face and pushes Ariana to the chair near the window. “Just sit here, I’ll make it more fun for you.”

Ariana sits next to the window and feels vulnerable. But also excited. Kate is almost never this bossy and adventurous. It’s kinda nice. But the unknowns are scary.

When Kate comes back she has the 2 belts from the bathrobes and quickly ties her wrists and ankles to the chair. Each belt is long enough to tie 2 limbs. So one belt-end ties her wrist to the chair's armrest. The other end of that belt does the same to the other wrist on the other armrest. And a similar tie to her ankles, one to each chair leg.

Kate then closes the curtains most of the way so there is a gap of only about half a meter and she places Ariana in front of it, facing outside.

“Kate no!” Ariana sounds fearful. “They’ll see me!”

“You’ll be fine. And besides, nobody knows you here…” Kate smirks.

“Kate what the fuck! No! We agreed on no public stuff! Please!” Ariana begs for mercy and struggles in her chair but it barely moves.

Kate ignores her and gropes her breasts from behind, kneading them and pinching her nipples, which are rock hard.

“See? You like it!” Kate whispers in her ear.

Ariana gasps, “Noooo. I… Don't…”.

Kate’s hand traces down into her crotch and finds a very wet pussy. “Oh for sure you’re enjoying your helplessness, stop denying it.” She continues her whispered torture.

Another gasp escapes Ariana as Kate slips a finger inside, slowly fingering the poor woman.

Suddenly Kate is gone and Ariana looks around with a bewildered look. She sees Kate suck on her finger and calls out for her, “Kate no, don’t stop! Do more!”

But Kate heads for the coffee table, not finding what she’s looking for, she enters the bathroom and finds a slender shampoo bottle. It's a smooth cylinder with a little bulb on the lower half, about 3 fingers wide on its widest point.

Coming back to Ariana she grins, “More huh?” And she gropes Ariana’s breasts again causing her to squirm and moan again. “I’ll give you more.”

Slowly she pushes the bulbous little bottle at Ariana’s vagina, rubbing it back and forth, wetting it. When it’s slick enough she forces the bottle inside Ariana and slowly pumps it in and out a few times.

"Whoaaaaa!" Ariana bucks and squirms in the chair with tortured pleasure. Surely everyone in the city will gather at her window and take pictures and she hates Kate for it. But on the other hand Kate is making her feel so helpless and good. She loves her for that.

Kate knows Ariana through and through and so she knows that despite Ariana’s protests she loves being helpless and being made to orgasm. And even though they can clearly see out the window, it’s tinted from the outside so nobody can see inside. But Ariana doesn’t know that of-course.

Suddenly Kate stops and steps back, leaving the bottle inside Ariana. “Finish yourself off, I’m going out for a bit. I’ll buy you Cola.” She promises.

Ariana sits quiet for a moment. She's horny as hell and thinks to protest. But she knows not to.

“But Kate…” She looks around her and sees Kate get her jacket and walk away. Focussing on herself she moves her hips, feeling the bottle move inside her.

Kate quickly freshens up and kisses her lover goodbye. Outside the hotel she waves at Ariana, unable to see her of-course. And Ariana freezes in her chair in fear. Torn between masturbating herself to orgasm or knocking the chair over so she’s out of sight.

Her horniness wins, seeing Kate outside staring at the building. She can’t stop herself and moves on her chair so the bottle slides in and out and she humps it like a dildo.

It doesn’t take long and just as she tenses up and orgasms with a loud groan. She sees Kate take a picture and walk away.

“Ohhhh, fucking fuuuuuuuuck!” Ariana bucks her hips and sinks on the chair in orgasmic bliss panting like crazy. Surely her secret is out now and she'll be all over Pornhub soon.

Even though nobody even walked past the window.

A few minutes later Ariana adjusts her posture and the bottle moves inside her, she can’t resist and rides the bottle again to another shattering orgasm, and another and another.

‘What’s wrong with me?’ Ariana thinks with teary eyes as she keeps humping the bottle and cums for the 5th time, tensing up painfully with curled toes and an arched back. A throaty moan escapes poor Ariana and she drops back into the chair. The bottle falls to the floor.

Kate meanwhile has a good time in the nearby City park. It’s a nice and well kept grassy area with trees dotted around. Sitting on a bench with a slushie she checks her phone for a few restaurants they should eat at. When her drink is finished she heads over to the nearby convenience store where she buys some snacks and cola.

And then it’s time to rescue her poor wife. Enough ‘punishment’ for now.

Ariana sits slumped in the chair, her head is leaning to the left. She's breathing in deep and there are streaks of tears over her cheek. Hearing a sound behind her she perks up and twists her head to see who’s there. “Kate?”

“Yes babe, it’s me.” Kate confirms with her warm and loving voice. It’s pretty much the first nice thing Ariana hears from her in 2 days.

“Are you done now? Everyone saw me I’m sure. You’re so mean…” Ariana sounds defeated and humiliated.

Kate laughs and says, “Nobody saw you, you goof.”

Ariana strains her neck and stares at her. “Liar! I saw you take a photo.”

“I did, I sent it to Lisa too. But don’t worry about it.” Kate assures her. She kneels next to the chair and unties her tired wife. “Come, let’s go take a shower.”

Leaning on Kate's arm Ariana stands on weak legs and Kate has to support her to the bathroom. Ariana’s head is in turmoil. Lisa saw her masturbating? She’ll never be able to face her again.

“Go! Make it nice and hot, I’ll be there soon.” Kate instructs her, interrupting her thoughts.

#### 6 - Dinner night

After taking a hot shower and cuddling with Kate, Ariana feels a lot better. The hot water and Kate’s gentle touch have done wonders. She smells all nice from the hotel shampoo and Kate seems much friendlier.

When they emerge from the stairs into the lobby the couple get a few weird looks from the receptionist. The sudden appearance of Ariana is a mystery to the hotel staff. But nobody says anything.

Outside, Kate points to a window, “Look, tinted.” She simply says.

Ariana stares at the villa they’re staying in and all the windows are indeed one way glass. “What a nice place.” Is all she can say. “Beautiful…”

Kate smirks. “Of-course, I’d never let anyone see you naked…”

“No, I mean the building, it’s beautiful!” Ariana says. She then snaps out of her staring and slaps Kate on her arm. “Wait! You’re so mean for making me think everyone can see me! Do you know how scary that is?” Ariana rambles on.

“I told you, it’s punishment day…” Kate smirks. “And besides, you said I could do whatever I want, regardless of what you want.”

Ariana has no defense for that, as Kate is right. She did say that at some point.

They walk arm in arm to an Italian restaurant in the downtown area, a few blocks over.

"Lasagna, right?" Kate assumes, pointing at the menu item.

Ariana is focused on reading the 3 pages of pizza options, but yes, she wants Lasagna, she's very hungry. "Yes, maybe I want two. I'm so hungry."

"Anything you want sweetie. Just make sure you can finish it." Kate agrees. She wants risotto with fish herself.

They place their order, along with two large glasses of Coca Cola and a wine for Kate.

After dinner they explore the waterfront and Ariana finally learns they're in Kingston. They stroll through Confederation Park and look at the classic train locomotive and head south along the water until they reach City Park again, crossing it to find their hotel.

In the lobby they're stopped by the hotel receptionist and are kindly informed that the hotel is not accommodating to guest sleepovers or any activities of the sort.

Ariana doesn't get it but Kate gets angry telling the receptionist to leave her and her wife alone.

"What the fuck kind of way is that to talk to guests?! Geez." Kate curses while they head upstairs.

"What do they mean Kate?" Ariana asks.

Kate grumbles, "They think you're a prostitute."

Ariana says nothing until they're in the room. "I don't look like that, right?" She asks worriedly.

"No babe, they're just a bunch of idiots. You look lovely as ever." Kate promises her.

#### 7 - Revelation

The women watch a little TV and lie in each-others embrace in bed.

"So, about this slave thing." Kate starts mid movie. "Are you enjoying yourself?"

"Sometimes…" Ariana breathes. "But not really, actually."

"Oh?" Kate sounds surprised, "Not what you envisioned?"

"I mean, It's alright I suppose. Because I know you'll take care of me."

"But…" Kate wonders.

"But really I guess my fantasy is to not have control. Everything else is not so fun." Ariana admits.

"I see…" Kate says, 'and couldn't you just tell me that 4 years ago? Or ever since?' She then thinks.

Kate has been going in mostly blind for the last 4 years. Every time when she thought she found out what Ariana likes or wants, something went wrong or it was too much, or too little, or too stupid. It's been the one difficult spot in their relationship. While all the while she just needed to take Ariana’s mobility away?

"So uh, I make it so you can’t move and take away your hope for escape? Is that what you mean?" Kate concludes.

"Ehh, I ehh, Yea I guess. If you put it like that." Ariana stumbles over her words.

"If only you were a cripple. Eh?" Kate smirks, "A dream come true…"

"Pfft, No. But yes…" Ariana hesitates, picturing herself in a wheelchair unable to move while Kate fingers her. "Yes, that would be fun I guess," she finally admits.

Kate laughs, "Then you're actually screwed up, like you always said… But in a different way." She pokes Ariana in her chest.

"Kate! Don't make fun of it like that." Ariana argues.

"Of-course not. I’m making fun of you. Wishing you're paralyzed or whatever… That's screwed up." Kate laughs at her. She places a kiss on her scalp.

“And being stuck like that is not being a slave…” Kate continues.

“I know, but… It’s like giving control away. Just like a slave has no control.” Ariana clarifies.

Kate ‘hmmm’s’ thinking her wife has no clue what slavery really means. But suddenly Ariana's bondage chest makes a lot more sense.

Right before they became a couple Ariana had built a selfbondage chest. She'd be stuck in it packed with some kind of foam and could lock herself inside with a timer. Kate had always assumed Ariana was about to lose her sanity and that she saved her from doing something truly dangerous to herself. But maybe Ariana was just in the middle of discovering her true desire of being unable to move and be completely helpless.

Which would mean Ariana might not be as crazy at the time as Kate always thought.

"Make another box…" Kate suggests.

"What?"

"Your box, the thing you made before we hooked up. Make another one. I'll make you feel miserable and helpless in there if that’s what you want."

"Wha…?" Ariana can't believe her ears.

"I'll sit on you, or put you in the basement. Or shove you into the washroom and ignore you or put you on the balcony. Or you can be a coffee table… Or I'll send you as a package." Kate rambles on.

Her creative mind just lists silly ideas that pop into her mind without giving it much thought. She immediately forgets most of it as she continues watching TV.

This way, it’ll be super low effort on Kate’s part. Which is good, since Kate is not nearly as much into kinky stuff as Ariana is, and only goes along with it because Ariana likes it or, more rarely, when she’s in an experimental mood.

Though that is usually short lived.

Ariana says nothing and stares at the tv, lost in her own little world. She's getting horny just thinking about handing control over to Kate.

"Would you?" Her tiny voice asks a few moments later.

"Would I what?" Kate wants to know, glancing down at Ariana.

"Would you allow that? I might not want to come out…" Ariana whispers.

"Well, you'd still have to do work, right? And I’ll insist that you sleep in bed. And take showers. And I need hugs and kisses…" Kate argues.

"Uh-huh…" Ariana distractedly says.

"I'm getting the feeling you never knew the true reason why you’d want to be in such a position." Kate smirks.

"Yea, no, but it's just self bondage right?"

"Maybe, but why not use handcuffs then. So, I think you don't even know why you chose to make your box until now." Kate suspects. "Plus, if it's 'just bondage' why were you so comfortable in the suitcase today? Hm? Tell me that."

"I…" Ariana doesn't know. "I'll think about that, I don't know."

"I would think you'd make more of a fuss and demand to get out, but that would mean getting control back. And you don't want that." Kate theorizes further.

"Yea maybe…" Ariana has no idea really, she never thought about her box as losing control, just as her escape from bad boyfriends and taking care of her kink by herself because she couldn't trust anyone at the time.

"I have a better idea, and when we get back home I want you to research it." Kate tells her.

"Yes? Oh? Research what?"

"You're going to figure out a way to get stuck.” Kate tells her, “No timers, no locks or latches for you to reach. Maybe you should buy some kind of bondage outfit like a straightjacket or a way to restrain you with ropes or, I don’t know… Just figure it out." Kate instructs her.

"And then?"

"Then I’ll keep you in there and you have no way out until I let you."

Ariana hmms. She's not sure about a straightjacket. "Maybe a dog cage?"

“You can still move in that right? No, I mean something tighter.” Kate tickles her, “And next time don’t take 4 years to come up with words for it…” She grumbles in mock disappointment.

“Yea ok. I know what will work…” Ariana says with a smile.

“Yeah?”

“A bodybag, made of leather. We saw it in the adult shop when we bought cuffs.”

“Oh ok…” Kate doesn’t remember that at all. “How does that work?”

“It’s like a mummification, but leather. And you can tighten it with a string like a corset.” Ariana explains. “I think there is no way out once inside…”

“I see, Yeah ok. If you like that. So no sturdy chest or something?”

“I think this is easier for you.”

Kate hmms. “And I can see you, somewhat. Sounds good to me.” She agrees.

They smile at each other, each with their own idea about why this is a good option.

#### 8 - The body bag

The girls spend the following day in Kingston but quickly find there isn’t all that much to do. Not finding any excitement, they visit the Great Lakes Museum and the Pumphouse museum and when that’s done it’s late in the afternoon already.

Ariana is much more lively today and Kate really enjoys her company. Remembering that this is the woman she fell in love with.

“You’re much more fun like this.” Kate praises her lover.

“Compared to…?”

“The past few months. Ever since Mexico really.”

“Oh… I thought you wanted me like that. Sorry.” Ariana sort of apologizes while she clings to Kate’s arm.

“That’s alright. We said a lot of mean things to each other. I’m sure some of it was misinterpreted.”

Ariana ‘hmms’ and thinks back about the last few months. She didn’t enjoy her life much either during it. Especially not when Kate lied to her and decided to drive back to Canada mid-journey from Mexico, and the resulting fight that lasted over 2 weeks.

But the last few days were the worst. Fighting is one thing, but Kate hitting her hurts on multiple levels.

That evening they have dinner at a Vietnamese restaurant and end up with drinks in a nearby bar where they drink a lot of wine.

And finally, the next morning, they head home after breakfast.

Kate had anticipated that Ariana wants to be dressed and that they would travel like normal people, but instead Ariana insists she travels in the suitcase again.

“For as long as you want…” She says when Kate zips her up with a slight hesitation.

“Alright, see you in a couple of days then.” Kate says with a serious voice while she lifts the suitcase upright, ready to be wheeled out.

The hotel attendant helps her carry her stuff to the car and puts both suitcases in the trunk, smacking it shut before Kate can object.

‘Oh well, she’ll be fine I’m sure.’ Kate thinks with a sigh.

Meanwhile the receptionist heads upstairs to look for Kate’s mystery guest. She doesn’t understand what’s been happening and keeps going over the events in her head. ‘Ms. Birch had checked in alone, saying she’s alone, then suddenly that other girl was here. But she never came through the lobby. And now she checks out and that other person has somehow disappeared.’

She knocks on the door, but there is no answer.

“Hello? Housekeeping to check the room. I’m coming in!” She announces, and opens the door to an empty room.

“What the fuck?” The receptionist mutters.

Checking the bathroom, all towels have been used. Both cups and one toothbrush have been used. But there is no real indication that a 2nd person was here.

‘Just like yesterday…’ The receptionist thinks with confusion. She had ‘inspected’ the room the day before when housekeeping was in there and only saw stuff for one person.

Nothing makes sense…

Outside, Kate starts the car and begins on the journey home. Knowing Ariana is in the trunk feels weird. It feels detached and lonely somehow. Also there is no way of knowing if she is OK.

That won’t do. So at the first fuel station she sees, she pulls in and puts Ariana in the backseat.

“Kate!? It’s so loud. Didn’t you hear me?”

“No I didn’t. But you’re in the backseat now.” Kate talks back.

A trucker walking past, behind her, hears the reassuring tone, and shakes his head, thinking, ‘It’s a suitcase you idiot…’

“Oh, that’ll be much better.” Comes Ariana’s reply.

“Yes, just like before.” Kate pats the suitcase and gets back in the driver's seat. She follows the 401 highway to Toronto, hoping to quickly get home. Turning off from the highway in Belleville for a snack and drink she spots an adult store. On a whim she parks nearby.

“Hey Ariana, real quick, describe your body bag for me?”

There is no response.

“Ariana?”

Still no sign of life from behind her.

“Fuck!” She mutters and climbs out of the car and unzips the zipper at the top. Steady breathing is heard when Kate listens near the gap. Ariana is asleep.

“Of-course, it’s only past 11AM… Why would you be awake?” She mumbles and zips the suitcase shut again.

‘Fine, I’ll figure it out on my own.’ And focuses on the next task, to be brave enough to enter the very visible store.

An online search for bondage bags and 10 minutes of hesitation later she finally musters the courage to enter the store.

Kate strolls around a bit but it’s mostly sexy outfits and dildos in the store. Nothing for bondage or kinky anything.

“Hello!” A man about her age yells from the back. “Didn’t see you there. Need any help?”

Kate looks in the direction of the voice and sees a man half hidden behind a counter.

“Oh, hey, hello. Yes I’m here for a body bag.” She walks to the guy while looking around, still not seeing any bondage gear.

“Ooooh, you’re here for the special item.” The guy stares at Kate, he pictured her to look way different based on the emails they exchanged the other day.

“Yea, it’s kinda special I guess.” Kate quietly says. “Do you have it?”

“Oh yes, it arrived yesterday. All black and made of Neoprene.” He confirms. “One sec, I’ll get it.”

Kate gets the idea something is off. Like he knew she was coming. But whatever… As long as it’s a nice body bag, and not too expensive. She saw a few ads online for leather sleepsacks, some were upwards of $900USD! Way too expensive.

A few minutes later the man comes back and with a dull thud a folded package the size of a weekend bag is dropped on the counter.

“Here you go…” He announces.

“Can I see it real quick?” Kate asks.

“Yea, Sure.” And he starts unpacking the body bag. “I’m not sure how this works. Normally we don’t sell stuff like this.” He babbles on. “I hear it’s got sleeves for both the arms and the legs. But that’s all I know about it.”

He unfolds the item and zips it open. “Yeah, see? Sleeves.” He points at 2 sleeves for the arms down the side. And Kate notices how the legs have a partition from the knees down as well.

Kate looks at the tiny body bag. “And this’ll fit a person about 150cm tall?” She asks.

“I suppose so. According to the distributor this is the one you want.” He sounds unsure.

“Mmmhm” Kate hums her approval and strokes the Neoprene material. It looks like a diving suit and has thick, strong stitches everywhere. Very nice indeed. She inspects the head, there is no breathing hole or any hole, but instead it has a reinforced vent for the nose. On the inside a sort of connector is visible.

“And this is where tubes go or something?”

They both look at the nose piece. “Yeah, I guess.” The guy rummages through the body bag and finds a bundle of silicone tubes and a little information sheet.

It looks like a furniture building-instruction. Depicting a person with 2 of the tubes sticking out of their nose which are then connected to the nosepiece through 4 image instructions.

‘Whoa,’ Kate thinks. ‘Ariana surely will love this.’

“Allright, looks all good to me. So, uh how much was it again?”

“Uhm…” The guy looks at his computer, “$499 after the down payment.”

‘Aha! See?’ Kate thinks. ‘He thinks I’m someone else.”

That’s the weird feeling she got earlier. As if the guy was expecting her.

“Oh, yes, that sounds about right.” Kate says unfazed, and she pulls out her phone. “Is online payment okay? A transfer?” She asks.

“Yeah, sure sure. Better than cash eh?” He confirms.

Kate enters the bank details from the shop and makes the transfer, knowing that using this account it’s not easily traceable to her as the sender shows up as a generic online bank along with a nondescript reference number.

She’s buying someone else's reserved item after-all.

3 minutes later she stands outside with the body bag under her arm, her head feels like it’s filled with cotton balls.

“What have I done…” She mumbles, doubting her unplanned purchase, and it was meant for someone else too.

She feels like a thief.

As she drives away she considers that she should return the body bag and order one for herself. “It’s almost like stealing…” Kate mutters.

As she mulls over her internal conflict for a moment she almost crashes into another car. Stomping on the brake she narrowly avoids hitting it and stops with squeaking tires only 5 centimeters from the other car's headlight.

Ariana squeals on the back seat but Kate doesn’t notice.

‘Oh fuck it… Fuck everyone. It’s ours now.’ Kate decides with an apologetic wave at the other car as it goes past.

The other car driver shakes her fist at Kate and calls her a ‘dumb cunt’, which, of-course, goes unheard by Kate, and continues to the adult shop to pick up her Neoprene sleepsack.

Kate heads across the parking area to where she can cross the road to buy a drink and take a quick break at the restaurant that’s there. 10 minutes later she comes out armed with some french fries and a large Sprite and sits in the back seat next to Ariana and taps on the suitcase.

“Hey traveller, are you awake?” Kate calls out.

“Yes. Kate? Did you get into an accident?” Ariana sounds worried. She had woken from the screeching tires and jerking motion of the car minutes before and is trying to figure out what had happened.

“Almost babe, I bought something for you. I’ll show you when we get home.”

“I smell fries… Can I have some?” Ariana says, much more interested in food than anything else.

Kate laughs and unzips the top of the suitcase, sticking a few fries inside one by one.

“Where are we?” Ariana wants to know.

“Belleville.” Kate says while staring at the car she almost hit. It’s speeding away, driving recklessly. Like the driver is throwing an angry fit.

The woman, named Luna, is indeed furious. She made a $200 good faith down-payment and the idiot store clerk sold her order to the wrong person.

3 weeks of waiting for nothing, and her kinky plans ruined.

#### 9 - Living the normal life

Back home Ariana climbs out of the suitcase feeling all stiff and sore. After putting on a pair of panties and a long t-shirt she sits down on the couch glugging down a large glass of pineapple juice when Kate enters the room and unfolds the black monstrosity she bought next to her.

“What’s that?” Ariana wonders.

“Your normal life.” Kate informs her.

She walks away giving Ariana a minute to wrap her head around this new development.

“No… Fucking… Way…!” She hears Ariana gasp. “Kate! This is so cool!”

‘Yes!’ Kate thinks. “That’s what you meant, yes?” She calls over from the bedroom.

“Uh-huh!”

When Kate re-enters the living room Ariana is already squeezing herself into the body bag.

“Whoa, hey wait up. Look at how your breathing works first.”

“Huh? Why?” Ariana sounds curious.

“There’s a tube for your nose or something, look at the manual.” Kate tells her.

Ariana looks for the manual and finds the piece of paper explaining how it works. Her enthusiasm tempers a bit seeing that 2 tubes need to be inserted into her nose.

“Ehm, that’s weird.” She states. Followed by, “And scary…”

Kate joins her wife, “It’s not too bad, right?” She asks.

“I never tried, it’s scary to insert things into my nose. Look. It’s almost 10cm long!” Ariana dangles the little tubes in front of Kate, she sounds stressed out.

Kate grins. “More like 5. But yea, that’ll take some getting used to I guess.” She didn’t consider the comfort aspect of a nose tube.

“Yeah, ok…” Ariana grumbles.

They pick 2 tubes from the bundle, but they’re mismatched. It turns out there are 3 sets, each a slightly different diameter and length.

“I guess we’ll use the widest?” Kate suggests. “For maximum breathing?”

Ariana says nothing and pricks one of the tubes at her left nostril.

When it’s halfway in, Ariana spasms and convulses and quickly yanks the tube out.

“Ow ow, that’s terrible.” She complains with teary eyes.

“Let me try.” Kate says. “Lean your head back.”

Kate connects the tubes onto the little nose clip and feeds both of them in and when Ariana convulses again she pushes the last 2 centimeters in anyway, holding them in place and preventing Ariana from reaching for them.

After a few seconds she calms down and sits panting next to Kate looking angry.

“It hurts Kate!”

“Try breathing through it.” Kate says gently massaging Ariana’s nose.

After a few minutes of labored breathing Ariana gets used to the strange intrusion and can take deep breaths with ease.

“Good girl. See, that’s not so hard is it?” Kate encourages her and lets the nose clip settle under her septum.

“Heh, you look like those dune people from the movie.” Kate smirks.

Ariana looks nervous, but forces a smile. The sensation in her nose feels alien to her. But there is no way her breathing will get blocked now.

Now Ariana is ready to get stuck. She lies down in the body bag and Kate guides her arms into the sleeves. This will prevent her from letting her hands wander while inside. No masturbating, but also no reaching for the zipper. Her feet slip into place with a slight pop, not unlike putting on boots.

Lengthwise it’s fine, there are a few centimeters to spare.

The zipper comes up along the middle of the body as you’d expect, over the crotch and torso, all the way to her throat. There it snakes to the right following the side of the wearer's face to end just above the ear.

Next, Kate starts zipping the thing closed stopping at Ariana’s throat.

“Last chance. Are you ready?” She checks with her lover.

Ariana shakes her head ‘no’ but makes no attempt to stop Kate. It’s like her nerves are paralyzing her.

“If you want it even more helpless I have an idea to do so? What do you think?”

Ariana says nothing for a moment. “Whatever you want, boss… I’m yours.”

Ariana’s voice is barely audible as she’s so nervous.

Kate smiles and presses a kiss on her cheek. “Just a moment then…”

She then stands up and pulls her pants down, stepping out of them. Trying her best to stay in full view of Ariana. Saying nothing, she stares into Ariana’s eyes as she slides her panties down.

Ariana stares back, entranced by the sexy display.

Kate then pulls her socks off and says, “Last chance sweetie.”

Ariana swallows and nods her head on auto-pilot.

“Here goes nothing… open wide.” And as Ariana opens her mouth without thinking, Kate presses a sock in each cheek and her panties down the middle, stuffing her lover's mouth with the worn items.

Ariana whimpers and retches a little but makes no attempt to stop her boss.

Pressing the panties in with her thumb, followed by a kiss on her nose Kate then fumbles with the nose clip to slip it into the plastic recess in the body bag and zips the bag shut all the way.

“How’s that? Can you breathe?” Kate asks.

“Moh tiiiht” (*So tight*) Comes Ariana's muffled answer. She feels super compressed. It’s barely audible.

“Yea it’ll be tight I’m sure.” Kate misunderstands.

A light panic overcomes Ariana as the tightness around her prevents any meaningful movement and her breathing becomes ragged. She’s ‘Mmmphing’ at Kate for her to let her out and weakly struggles, but Kate doesn’t notice the distress and thinks Ariana is just playing around, she looks in awe at the slender form on the couch.

Ariana also struggles because the socks and panties taste like crap. Her bulging mouth feels cramped already and only when she relaxes her jaw it’s somewhat comfortable.

Kate enjoys the almost smooth feeling of the Neoprene. It’s tight enough that no wrinkles are showing anymore and she thinks it looks incredible. Ariana looks extra petite in it and her curves are nicely accentuated. Her face is a nearly smooth oval, save for the plasticky nose piece and 2 shallow indents where her eyes are.

“How does it feel sweetie?” Kate wants to know.

Ariana is trying to get used to the breathing tubes and the helpless struggle. Considering her situation, literally her only contact with the outside is 2 stupid 4mm breathing tubes. It's scary and thrilling at the same time. The body bag is tight around her chest, there is not enough room to take a deep breath or hold it in, but other than that she can breathe fairly easily.

Ariana can wiggle her toes and head and bend at the waist and that’s about it. Any other movement is restricted.

“It…emmy…tie…” (*It's very tight*) Kate hears the strained muffled hum of Ariana.

“Yes it looks tight. Do you like it?”

A nod. “Eye…had…mow” (*I can’t move*) Ariana tries to tell Kate, but she’s absorbed into the intense experience. She feels the fire burning inside her. She hasn’t been this excited in ages.

Kate strokes the body bag again, tracing a seam, and admires Ariana’s curves once more.

“You look incredible like this!” Kate compliments her.

Ariana only feels the pressure of Kate, her hands roaming around but gets no real sense of touch from it.

“Well, enjoy.” Kate encourages her. “Maybe I’ll let you out tomorrow? Or something? What do you think?”

Ariana struggles weakly in protest rolling her head to the left and right. She hears Kate laugh from across the room as if she’s far away. She’s probably heading into their home office.

‘At least we don’t have the vibrator anymore,’ Ariana thinks with slight relief and focuses on enjoying herself.

#### 10 - Confinement

Kate sits in front of her laptop and forces herself to finish her work for the day. It’s tough going as Ariana is constantly on her mind. It’s like the image of her slender form is being dangled in front of her screen.

After some squirming and grunting Ariana had gone silent and as far as Kate can tell Ariana didn’t move for the last hour. Kate had listened to the breather and figured Ariana had gone to sleep. Only steady breathing can be heard sometimes interrupted with a little moan, similar to the sound someone makes when stretching.

The afternoon crawls past and slowly turns into evening.

Ariana had awoken a while ago and had thrown a brief fit trying to move and rediscovering she’s still stuck. This had left her panting and short of breath.

Save for the disgusting gag, she’s completely at peace with herself, for the first time in a long time. Her mind is clear and free of worries. It appears Kate had hit the nail on the head when she suspected that Ariana wanted to be helpless and without control.

Suddenly she’s picked up and floats through the air somewhere.

“Bedtime babe…” Comes Kate’s sweet voice.

“Mmm mmm” Ariana grunts.

“Do you want out?” Kate wants to know.

Ariana nods her head with vigor.

“Well, that’s too bad…” Kate teases her.

‘What?’ Ariana thinks. ‘How long has it been anyway?’

Ariana always completely gets lost in time when she can’t see, her 7 hours in the body bag feels like days. But this time she doesn't mind if it has been days. She's so relaxed right now.

“You know?” Kate starts as Ariana lands in bed. “I was looking for the remote vibrator, but I can’t find it.”

“Oommmoooo!” Ariana whines. She’s enjoying her confinement and is not at all in the mood for the added torture of a vibrator.

“It’s midnight now. Are you sure you want to spend the night in this?” Kate sweetly asks as if that was the plan all along.

Ariana shakes her head as best she can.

“I see. Well, as you wish… Until lunchtime it is then.” Kate babbles on, feigning ignorance.

Ariana throws a fit and grunts helplessly but soon is out of breath. Her gag is starting to bother her now that she's awake and aware of it, and the prospect of not getting out soon is not very appealing.

Kate laughs at her and strokes her lover's tightly wrapped body.

“You know, I could do this…” And she pushes her fingers up against the nose piece.

Ariana had just exhaled and is now without air. For a moment she’s stunned, but panic quickly sets in and she bucks her hips and wails.

Her muffled screams of panic appear real enough to Kate that she has another thought. What if her air is blocked while they sleep. Say the blanket goes over Ariana’s head…

She quickly lifts her finger and unzips her lover so she can uncover her face.

A pair of teared up eyes, set in a sweaty face come into view.

Ariana’s face looks puffy and red, a piece of Kate’s panties sticking out from between her lips. Kate pulls on it and plucks the clothing item out along with the socks.

Ariana moves her jaw and scrapes her dried out throat, and with great effort she curses, “Fuck you Kate, what the fuck… Don’t take my air!” Her voice sounds croaky and dry.

“Hey hey, if you’re going to be like that I’ll just close it up again.” Kate threatens. “And no goodnight kiss…”

Ariana quickly shuts up and looks at Kate. “You’re so mean!” She finally says.

With a smirk Kate asks, “Am I really? Aren’t you wonderfully helpless and immobile?”

Ariana admits she’s really enjoying being helpless for the most part. But it’s also boring at times with nothing to do.

“Where is the vibrator? That’ll keep you busy…” Kate wonders.

“I think we left it in Mexico.” Ariana says. “Haven’t seen it since the cops robbed us.”

Then her eyes widen in realization. “Wait! Don’t use a vibrator. It’ll be so intense.”

“That’s the point right?” Kate smiles. And she presses a kiss on her poor wifes cheek.

“I love you so much babe. You’re being very good today.” Kate compliments her.

“Thanks… I guess. And thank you for this… thing. I like it. But not your dirty socks… Eww!” Ariana says, while thinking, ‘I’ve been good how? I did nothing useful for the last 3 days.’

Kate laughs at the last remark. “Yea, it looks silly. And look at this…” She holds up the damp garments, “All stinky and yukkie.”

“Kate I need to pee I think.”

“So pee, it’s supposed to be waterproof.” Kate laughs.

Ariana rolls her eyes. ‘Not this again.’

Seeing her frustrated reaction Kate smirks. “Just a sec. I’ll free you soon. Ok?”

Ariana nods and looks relieved, but then Kate zips the body bag up again.

“Thanks. Hey! wait…!” But it’s too late. Ariana is covered up and Kate just laughs at her.

Moments later Ariana’s ankles are grabbed and she’s dragged along. Then gently put on the ground and dragged through the flat by her ankles. Ariana grunts but soon the movement stops and her face is unzipped again. Blinking against the bright light Ariana thinks she’s in the bathroom now. Kate unzips the body bag all the way and helps Ariana sit up. She stinks of sweat and her body is all glistening wet.

Kate doesn’t care though and embraces the disheveled woman in a tight hug. “Come my dear slave.” She whispers at Ariana, who curls up against Kate who’s sitting next to her.

“Kate. I can clear my head and be truly peaceful. And it’s so tight and good. I really really really really like it.” Ariana eventually tells her. “It’s perfect. You’re perfect.”

Kate nods at her, feeling humbled, thinking she’s far from perfect, and writes it up as Ariana being emotional. Nothing needs to be said though. And her hand wanders to Ariana’s crotch, slipping in a finger.

“Mmmph” Ariana quietly moans. The sensation of air on her wet skin, her body pulsating from no longer being squeezed and now Kate touching her… It’s quite awesome.

Kate gently rubs and fingers her wife and Ariana quietly orgasms a minute later with a whimper. Almost letting her pee flow.

Over the next few weeks the women find their new routine where Kate allows Ariana to be in the body bag once or twice a week. Sometimes as a reward, sometimes just for fun. ‘Once or twice’ is loosely defined as it could mean for an hour, or all night. But as Kate put it, Ariana is not allowed to ‘lose herself’ to the body bag and spend all her time in it.

This way, using it stays interesting and fun and doesn’t turn it into an obsession.

For her part, Ariana finds being in the body bag as liberating as it is restricting. Her tiny bubble of heaven. She agrees with Kate that really all she needed or wanted from bondage is the loss of control. No slave, no servitude, no silly games or complexities like that.

While in there, Ariana discovers she can let go of the world and empties her mind. Having no thoughts, no worries, no stress. Just pure bliss and enjoyment.

Kate sort of understands what goes on in Ariana's mind and how she experiences the whole thing, but doesn’t get the appeal. Her way of relaxing and clearing her head is with a book and a glass of wine on the balcony. Completely different and much more ‘normal’. She is however happy to oblige her wife if it makes her happy like this. And Ariana appears much more happy and more focused than she’s ever been.

In their day-to-day life Ariana rediscovers her direction and she shows a lot more initiative and involves herself with their relationship and lives a lot more. She has turned back into the playful and witty chick that Kate fell in love with 4 years ago.

All other bondage escapades they have tried are quickly forgotten. They keep the collar as a reminder, and sometimes Ariana uses it. But it’s more a fashion accessory than a restraint now. Which is fine with Kate. After a few months the girls throw out everything except for the collar and ball gag.

Being gagged in the body bag is a fun variation sometimes. The other ‘upgrade’, or variation rather, that Ariana sometimes wants is to use a dildo while in the bag. If she’s in the body bag for fun, the full feeling of a dildo to squirm and ride up against while stuck is an excellent past-time.

#### 11 - Kate gets lost

It's been almost a year and for a while Ariana has had a theory. Whenever she does something wrong, like forgetting groceries or when she gets a bad rating for her work or something. Or even if Kate is just moody. The next time she goes in the body bag Kate has a tendency to be a little mean to her.

She suspects Kate does this subconsciously, but Ariana thinks to notice that Kate is less considerate. She first noticed it when Kate was lax with the time to let her out, they had agreed on 3 hours but it ended up being almost 4. And in another instance Kate wasn't very careful when moving Ariana. Or, more commonly, Kate wouldn't really talk and just put her in the body bag and ignore her for a few hours.

To test this theory out, Ariana had ‘forgotten’ to wash their underwear. She’d saved up all the dirty panties and eventually they ran out. Requiring them to either wear a dirty pair or don’t wear underwear at all.

Kate hates going without underwear, so that caused a bit of an upset.

It’s Friday afternoon and the balcony is full of underwear that’s drying in the sun. Done with her chores and her work for the week she whines at Kate to put her in the body bag for the afternoon, promising to cook something nice afterwards. She had been looking forward all week to being confined.

Kate agrees, mostly to shut her up, and soon Ariana is in the body bag. She had put her ball-gag in and is looking forward to a fun afternoon of nothing. Content in her confinement she wiggles around on the floor wondering if Kate would do something to punish her like she theorized.

Nothing seems to be happening so far. Kate is not very talkative and seems distracted.

Then there is a soft kick to her lower leg. “Hey Ariana?”

“Mmm?”

“I’m going out for a bit, you’ll be fine like this?”

Ariana nods her head and humms the affirmative.

“You better. I’ll let you out Monday morning, ok?” Ariana then hears footsteps and before she can respond there is the sound of the front door falling in its lock.

‘What? That long?’ Ariana thinks with a slight worry. ‘Must be a trick…’ She contemplates if this is a sneaky punishment. But Kate often misleads her with comments like this as part of their game. She never threatened with more than a day though.

‘I’ll die of thirst!’ The thought hits her hard.

Kate meanwhile is heading downstairs in the elevator, grinning at her ruse. Stepping into the lobby a sense of impending doom looms over her. She writes it off as her being alone instead of being accompanied by Ariana and drives out of the parking garage soon after. Ignoring the weird sensation.

Ariana has a sense of foreboding too and can’t shake the thought that she's really going to be stuck for the whole weekend. It ruins her fun and instead of being able to empty her head, it overflows with uncertainty and worries. She struggles wildly in a useless attempt to get free knowing full well how hopelessly dependent she is on Kate for her release.

Kate meanwhile is distracted in traffic and unknowingly almost causes an accident when she makes a dangerous right turn.

Arriving at the shopping center she parks somewhere in the middle of the lot. It's a busy afternoon and most parking spaces are occupied. Approaching the sliding doors of the mall she realizes her phone and purse are in the car.

Turning on her heels and stepping back onto the road there is a shout and a vehicle honks. Seeing a yellow flash in the corner of her eye Kate jerks her head to the right, just in time to see the bumper of a delivery van as it swerves and narrowly avoids her. Unfortunately the driver side mirror smacks her in the face.

A scream followed by a “HURRK!” is all she can produce and she crumbles on the ground like a wet towel. Unconscious before hitting the ground.

Ariana had come to the conclusion that it must be a joke, since Kate is so smart, she knows full well she can't survive several days without food and drinks and feeling more relaxed she falls asleep, finally enjoying her captivity.

Hours later she wakes up when her phone pings, and instinctively tries to reach for it. She's still stuck. She “Mmphs” for Kate to help her, but other than the cheery tune from her phone the home stays silent.

That evening, Ariana is flexing her body and tries to determine if Kate is home. But she can't get a response. She's unsure of how long she has been in the body bag but it must have been a long time. Her jaw aches and her back hurts from the hard floor.

Maybe Kate is really keeping her zipped up for the whole weekend? Her stomach growls. "Mmphing" for help gets her once again nowhere.

Ariana fidgets and struggles until late that night until she's completely exhausted and falls asleep again around 2AM.

Waking up with a start, Ariana grumbles and moans. Some kind of noise woke her up. Her jaw and back are cramped and she feels terrible. Where the hell is Kate? What day is it? Seconds later her phone rings again. And again. And again. And all Ariana can do is helplessly listen to the ringtone. When it finally stops, the door buzzer is incessantly making noises. It goes on and on.

‘Geez, someone really wants to get in. I wonder who…’ Ariana thinks with a pained curiosity.

10 minutes later the noise stops and calm is restored in the flat.

Downstairs, Lisa, Kate's sister, is pacing around while cursing the world. Looking on her watch, it's a little past 11AM. She's trying to think of places where Ariana could be at this time and leaves to look for her in the nearby supermarket and the Starbucks she knows the women frequent.

Coming back 2 hours later she tries several more times to call Ariana and leans on the door buzzer for another 5 minutes.

"Oh fucking hell! Where are you!?!" She pounds on the panel with buttons.

"Where is who?" A man with a broom asks.

"Eh, someone who lives here." Lisa replies.

"You're Ms. Birch, her sister, right? You look just like her." He recognizes her.

"Yes, Kate is my sister. I'm looking for Ariana, it's very urgent."

"She came home Wednesday afternoon, last I saw. Haven't seen her since." He sounds pretty sure.

Lisa urges the concierge to help. "So, she's home then? Can we take a look? I really need her right now."

"Yea, uh, I have the master key I suppose." He reluctantly offers.

"Well, hurry then. If she's up there and not answering the phone she's in trouble too!" Lisa rushes the old man.

20 minutes later they're trying keys on Kate's flat on the 12th floor. When the door finally opens, Lisa peeks inside the dark apartment and yells, “Hello? Anybody home? Ariana?!?”

Her heels click-clack on tiles followed by a gasp. “Oh my god, not again!” Lisa sounds shocked. “Hey, sir? Don’t come closer.”

Ariana wiggles her feet and "mmphs" in nervous anticipation for being discovered. Wondering why Lisa is here. And who's the 'sir'? She's immediately scared of being seen.

“Why, what is it?” The voice of the building concierge sounds.

“She’s ehhh… Here. I Guess…” Lisa's voice trails off trying to find an appropriate response.

“Ok then, I’ll be downstairs if you need anything else. Good luck!” Comes his reply.

“Yea, thanks for your help!” Lisa shouts back.

A pressing sensation on Ariana’s torso. “Hey Ariana. You’re in there? What the fuck is this? How do I open… Ehh, you?!” Lisa sounds appalled.

Ariana ‘hmmphs’ helplessly, her mouth is parched and her jaw locked from being immobile for over 18 hours.

Lisa doesn’t notice the zipper on the side of her head. Then a phone rings.

“Yes?”

“Yea, I found her. She’s here, home.” Lisa explains to someone.

“I know! We’ll be there as soon as possible, ok? Geez!”

“Yes. I’m fucking stressed out! Don’t tell me to calm down! Oh just now? Yeah, we'll hurry.”

She lightly pounds Ariana’s chest as she ends the call.

‘Something is going on.’ Ariana thinks. ‘Something very very very bad.’

“Hey Ariana. Talk to me. How does this thing work?”

Ariana “mmphs” through her gag.

“This is not the time Ariana! Quit fucking around! How do I release you!”

Ariana mumbles something that sounds like “Ippuh oh op!” (*Zipper on top*)

“I’m getting scissors, we don’t have time for this…”

Ariana gurgles into her gag and makes a jerking motion with her head. This rattles the heavy duty zipper that’s above her ear.

Lisa finally catches on and janks the zipper open, exposing her face and breasts. “Oh my god, you’re naked too? What the fuck Ariana!?”

Arians moans, suddenly very self aware and she squeezes her eyes shut as her head flushes red.

“And what the fuck is this thing?” Lisa pulls on the ball gag strap, unbuckling it. “Ewww…” She complains as the ball comes out of Ariana’s mouth and she makes a slurping sound.

Ariana works her jaw with some effort, opening and closing her mouth like a fish on dry land. After some practice she can finally form words, “What’s going on? Where is Kate?” Ariana wants to know with a croaky voice.

“You’re a freak weirdo!” Lisa yells at her, “Both of you!”

“What?” Ariana looks confused.

“Ehh…It’s Kate! She’s been in an accident.” Lisa calls out to her.

Ariana’s eyes go wide. “Really?” is all she can say.

"Yes. C'mon get out of this. She's in a coma or something."

Then the meaning of Lisa’s words hit her like a freight train and Ariana goes into a frenzy. She calls out, “No! Impossible! It can’t be, she just left. She would be back. I need to see her! Let me out! LET ME OUT! LET MEEE OOUUTTTT!”

She throws a fit so violently that Lisa sits with her mouth agape. Staring at the spectacle before her. Her voice breaks and she coughs and splutters on a dry throat before falling into silent sobbing and she stops moving.

Kate is gone and her life is now empty and without meaning.

Lisa gathers her wits and fidgets with the zipper, pulling it past her navel and with a slight hesitation all the way down. Wrinkling her nose in disgust at seeing the sweaty naked woman. She then pulls her upright and tells her to get dressed.

After her outburst, Ariana is near catatonic, quietly sobbing is all she does. But she puts on the clothes Lisa gives her. A pair of leggings, a green shirt that’s lying around. Shoes but no socks.

Neither of the women thinks about freshening up.

Ariana doesn’t talk or ask any questions and Lisa has to pull her along by her arm to her car. Everything moves in a blurred slow motion for Ariana.

“Hey, you’re in there?” Lisa wants to know while snapping her fingers in front of her face. They’re waiting for a traffic light.

“Wuhh…” Ariana mumbles.

“When we get there, you have to be strong. OK? Kate needs you more than ever. Understand?”

“She’s alive?” Ariana finally asks.

“Yes of-course! Don’t be so dramatic. Focus!” Lisa scolds her.

Maybe Ariana’s life isn't over just yet.

When they arrive at the hospital Ariana can’t wait and runs ahead into the building. In the main lobby there is a reception area. Ariana demands to see Kate, but nobody knows who that is.

"Kate who? A patient? What is she here for?" One of the women at the front-desk wants to know.

"Kate, my Kate. I need to see her!"

Lisa catches up with Ariana and is a bit more grounded.

"Hello, we're looking for Kate Birch, brought in yesterday? She has had an accident."

"Oh, right. Let's see…" The woman types her name into the computer. "Ohh yes, the unknown patient."

Getting directions, they find their way through the hospital and find Kate sitting in bed watching TV with her dad, Burke. He’s sitting next to her in a chair. They're watching Rick and Morty.

“KATE!” Ariana yells into the room. “Are you ok?” She dives onto bed to hug her lover with no regard for any injuries.

Lisa rolls her eyes at seeing the borderline insane behavior and sighs.

At first glance Kate seems unhurt. But when she turns to see Lisa, a big bandage comes into view covering her right ear and cheekbone.

“Dad! You said she was in a coma!” Lisa looks surprised.

“So you would hurry, yes…” He explains.

Lisa scowls at him. “You’re such an insensitive asshole sometimes!” She punches her dad on his arm. “Where is mom?”

He shrugs. “She went to work a little while ago… Where was she?” He gestures at Ariana.

"Home, I don't know." Lisa avoids answering.

Kate, who sits upright in bed, has Ariana straddled on top of her legs. She's leaning over her in a tight hug. They’re in their own world, completely unaware of everything around them. Kate is trying hard to hide her pain.

“I was so scared Kate, what would I do if you died?” Ariana mumbles into her shoulder.

“But I’m fine sweetie. Indestructible.” She grimaces, gritting her teeth.

“Uh-huh!” Ariana agrees. Squeezing Kate in a tighter hug.

“Ow ow. Not so tight babe.” Kate winces.

“Come Ariana, give her some space. Go get something to drink or something.” Lisa interrupts the two.

“Go yourself. I don’t wanna!” Ariana refuses.

“It’s ok sweetie. I’ll have some apple juice if they have it.” Kate teams up with Lisa.

“But… Yea, ok…” Ariana gives in, seeing her poor wife.

“Can you get coffee too?” Burke adds, "Maybe something to eat for Kate.”

“Why don’t you go with her, dad!” Lisa spits the words at him. She’s upset he lied to her about Kate’s condition.

When Burke and Ariana are gone, Lisa sits on the edge of the bed.

“How are you really? Dad said you were in a coma?” Lisa wants to know.

“Yea, no. I don't know. I just woke up…" Kate looks lost, "…Eh, a few hours ago. Nobody even knew who I was. So I had someone call dad."

Lisa ruffles her sister's hair. “And how did you get into this mess?”

“I… I don't know.” Kate tells her.

“Really?”

“I was thinking about Ariana.” Kate admits. "Then something hit me in the face and I don't remember anything after that.”

“Thought so.” Lisa concludes. “And other injuries? Or just your face.”

“Ehm, My right arm feels like it’s pulled from its socket. And I have a throbbing headache. The doctor thought my skull was cracked. But on the X-ray it said it’s fine.” Kate informs her.

“Oh, that’s not too bad I guess?” Lisa looks relieved, but then she remembers Ariana’s situation and almost yells, “And what the fuck is with you two and your bondage?”

“Why? What do you care?” Kate counters.

“I care… If I go to find her and she's all tied up… Again! And I care… If she's abandoned alone by you! And I also care if your actions affect the people around you. If I didn't kick in the door Ariana could have died too, you know?”

“I know…” Kate lets her head hang and sighs, “What? You kicked in my door?”

“Well, the concierge let me in… He's so nice. Anyway, how long has she been like that?” Lisa wants to know.

“I don’t know. A few hours… What day is it?”

“It's Saturday afternoon. You know, she went near catatonic at the mere thought of losing you. It was very scary. You have to be more careful! For her sake!”

“Oh… All afternoon and night then.” Kate says with a sad voice. Thinking Ariana is so resilient and sweet. A smile creeps over her face.

“Hey! That’s not funny sis! Will you stop being so irresponsible, geez!"

“We’re back!” Ariana announces as she throws the door open. Burke follows her carrying a tray with mugs and a muffin.

“Hot chocolate for everyone and a muffin for you!” Ariana announces, looking at her lover. She joins Kate on bed again, straddling her legs like before, looking back and forth between Kate and Lisa.

“We’ll talk about it later.” Lisa quietly says. "This isn't over…"

"Talk about what later?" Ariana wants to know.

"Nothing babe. Lisa is just worried." Kate assures her.

Burke hands out drinks and they drink the lukewarm chocolate drink in silence.

Ariana has to help Kate, her arm hurts so much, she can barely lift her mug.

“You’re hurt Kate?” Ariana finally inquires about her wife’s wellbeing.

“My face and arm, mostly. I’ll get an eye patch tomorrow.” Kate grimaces.

Ariana’s eyes go wide again. “But you seem OK! Why?”

The other 3 laugh at Ariana’s goofy face and Kate assures her it’s a joke and she’ll be fine.

Soon after, Burke goes home, seeing his daughter in good spirits pleases him. He'll report to his wife that their daughter will survive. After a while Lisa has to get home too, Kate and Ariana are finally alone.

“You can stop pretending to be strong. I know you’re in pain!” Ariana accuses her wife. “I see it in everything.”

“I know honey, don’t worry about me ok?”

“Lisa had to free me… It’s so weird.” Ariana continues. “And she was super disgusted. And the concierge almost saw me too I think. And I was so upset that you died, I don't even remember washing up or how I got into Lisa's car.”

“I didn’t die Ariana.” Kate promises her with a grin.

A knock on the door. “Good afternoon ladies. How are we feeling this afternoon?”

Kate’s doctor enters the room.

“Everything still hurts.” Kate complains. “No improvement.”

“I see, then we’re going to prescribe sedatives and you’re staying another night for observation.” He decides.

“Is it covered?” Kate wants to know.

“You’ll have to take that up with your insurance. But I’d imagine so.” The doctor thinks.

“Anything she needs sir. Kate needs the best care so she can be better. I'll pay for it if nobody else cares!” Ariana decides.

“And you are?”

“I’m Ariana.”

“She’s my wife.” Kate explains. “She’ll handle the details. I don’t want to think about it. My head hurts.”

She lets herself drop flat on her back from a sitting position and groans as the sudden movement hurts her brain.

“See? She needs painkillers. And a thing for her arm. Some support.” Ariana demands with the most serious face she ever put on.

“I see. Come with me, miss.” The doctor invites her to step outside into the hallway.

Outside he explains in no uncertain terms that Kate will get the care she pays for and that the hospital certainly cares for her wellbeing. But she also needs to realize that Kate got brought in without ID and the hospital still hasn't been able to verify her insurance policy yet.

Ariana doesn't care about policies and rules and insists the doctor prescribes pain medication first.

"Don't doctors have an oath or something to always help people?" She wants to know.

"Ehh, we do. Yes, of-course." Cornered, the doctor writes a prescription and makes his escape.

Looking inside, Kate is sleeping it seems, so Ariana goes on a mission to get Kate’s pain medication.

They spend the whole afternoon together chit-chatting and going over the accident. But Kate doesn't remember much. She walked across the parking lot and then woke up this morning in the hospital.

2 policemen come and go, for a statement, but they don't learn much either other than who she is. According to the statement of the van driver and 2 witnesses she stepped onto the road without looking.

Kate only half believes that, but it's what everyone says. It must be true then.

Ariana keeps ignoring all hospital regulations and refuses to leave Kate alone that night. She even gets into a heated argument with the hotel staff again that it’s her right to stay and provide care. Insisting that since she already provided Kate's ID and insurance card and the hospital still isn't too keen on helping Kate, she needs to do it herself.

The counter argument that there isn’t anything they can do, since there isn’t really anything wrong with Kate other than superficial damage lands on deaf ears.

Kate hears the commotion every time Ariana wants something or breaks a rule and every time she smiles. 'That's my girl.' She thinks while high on painkillers.

#### 13 - Going home

Ariana sleeps in the chair that night. Keeping a keen eye on Kate to help her as best she can. During the night she joins Kate in bed, sleeping on top of the covers draped over her partner.

The next day the hospital runs a few more tests and Kate is declared fit enough to go home. She's ordered to keep rest for a few weeks and report back if things don't improve.

When the doctor leaves, Ariana locks the door behind him and climbs into bed with Kate, fingering her and sucking on her right nipple.

Kate quietly moans, stirring, trying to ignore her pains. Every time she inhales her shoulder hurts. When Ariana switches to sucking Kate’s other nipple there is a knock on the door, but the pair doesn’t hear it.

Kate squirms and orgasms with a pained moan when there is another knock on the door asking if she’s OK. Ariana looks disturbed at the door but makes no move to open it.

“Kate! You’re ok? Too much?” Ariana whispers worriedly, staring Kate in the face.

“It hurts sweetie, my head hurts.” Kate sighs, grimacing. “But thanks for being here, it helps a lot. You sure make a lot of trouble huh?”

Ariana frowns, then smiles. And finishes up by kissing Kate on all her sore spots and hurts to ease her discomfort.

“Anything for you baby!” She assures Kate.

Ariana has been so dedicated and busy for Kate, it’s bordering on insanity. Kate can’t imagine doing that herself, she’s way too grounded for that.

Again a knock on the door and the door handle is jiggled. When Ariana finally opens it, it’s the nurse asking if Kate is OK. And to inform them they need the room soon.

This prompts Ariana to start making preparations for their departure. Which mostly consists of her stealing a wheelchair from the hallway and booking an Uber.

Kate struggles with her jeans to get them on without causing too much discomfort but it's tough going.

Soon they’re home and Kate sinks down on the couch with a whimper. She stares at the body bag that’s still in the middle of the room.

It reeks of old sweat. Kate sniffs Ariana, and she doesn’t smell all that nice either. No showers or fresh clothes for 2 days will do that.

“Hey stinky… Let’s take a good loooong shower first.” Kate suggests.

“Yea ok. And I’ll make lunch after.”

With some effort Kate gets undressed and stands under the hot water staring at the wall feeling sorry for herself. When Ariana joins her she’s carrying the little plastic step-stool from the kitchen for Kate to sit on.

“Here, don’t exert yourself. Sit.” Ariana bosses Kate around. She then busies herself with removing the big bandage from Kate’s face. Revealing a bruise and a cut.

“Oh oh oh, you’re so ugly now.” Ariana teases her wife. And proceeds to soap up and wash her.

Kate says nothing hoping she won’t be ugly and prepares herself for a few busy weeks of following Nurse Ariana's instructions.

That afternoon Lisa stops by with Barry, her fiancé. He pops the question where Kate's stuff is.

Nobody knows.

"Yes Kate, where is your phone and bag?" Ariana wants to know. "And the car? The hospital didn't even know who you were."

This jogs Kate's mind and she remembers what happened. "So it was my own fault then… Fuck!" She mutters.

"What? The accident?" Lisa asks.

"Yes, I forgot my phone and things and went to get it and stepped onto the road without looking." Kate whispers.

"Whoa…" Barry says. "And you got hit by a car?"

"A van…" Kate tears up. She feels nauseated as the impact of the mirror resonates through her brain.

“You're a lucky dumbass!” Lisa decides.

"I know, I know." Kate sighs.

"You're so strong, I bet the van is a total loss…" Ariana jokes and leans into Kate to kiss her on her left cheek.

Barry laughs at that. And offers to go get the car on his way home.

Kate doesn’t feel all that strong. She doesn't want to think about it.

#### Epilogue

Kate’s parents had visited after a few days. Ariana met her mother-in-law for the first time and it made for the most awkward event of her life.

Like her own mother, Kate’s mom doesn’t approve of lesbian couples. Much less her own daughter being one.

And Kate’s father wasn’t much help either. Seeing Kate’s parents in action, Ariana thinks he’s deeply unhappy in his marriage but is too ignorant to realize it and do something about it.

Glad to have that over with, Kate vows to never talk to them again. But Ariana disagrees and makes an argument for reconciliation. Kate promises she will think about it, just to not get into a fight about it and promptly abandons her promise.

Several months later Kate has fully recovered. Her muscles and joints finally stopped hurting and she can lift things again. A thin scar runs from her cheekbone toward her ear as her reminder for her careless actions.

It’s so thin and vague that even Lisa has trouble finding it. So really it’s of little concern. Kate, however, is self conscious about it for a while and hates seeing it.

Ariana is cured from her desire to be helpless. Not wanting to risk another incident where Kate is unable to set her free. Instead she has been following Kate's example of reading books and some manga comic books to clear her mind and drinks large glasses of pineapple juice instead of wine along with it.

The body bag has been unused for weeks and neither really care to use it or even mention it.

One new gimmick Ariana received is a semi-permanent collar. Brad’s latest design. Inspired by the permanent cuffs Ariana showed up with all those months ago, he made something better. Even Kate likes the idea of it.

He has designed a steel collar that is about as thin as a pencil. It’s circular like any collar, but it looks so unassuming that an uninformed person would guess it’s something you’d buy at a jewelers boutique.

For the lock, he came up with a spring loaded pin that clicks into the other end of the collar, closing the loop, making a perfect circle. The pin works similar to how you lock certain kitchen cabinet doors. Click it closed to engage the pin. And to open it you push-pull and you can pull the pin out again.

The trick is that once it’s closed the lock is near invisible, making it look permanent.

Brad and Sheila have sold dozens already and they’re getting more orders every week via their website. Ariana’s was a gift. Custom made for her slender neck, as a small thank you.

Ariana wears it all the time. The thing is snug enough that two fingers just about fit under there and it looks quite fashionable. It works with most of her outfits.

With Kate fully recovered, Ariana finally gets to swim on the beaches of Cabo in Mexico as Kate had booked a 2 week long resort vacation to celebrate a few things.

Of-course her full recovery, and them being together for 5 years. But more so to celebrate their unwavering love for each other.

-- The end --
