---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Halloween Trick
authors:
- Jim Williams
tags:
- F-m
- mum
- spandex
- cocoon
- cons
- X
date: 2007-06-04 00:00:00
---

This all came about when me and my Wife Donna realized we were arguing
over a stupid subject, Sex. I know she had many thoughts going on all at
the same time, Job, as for the Job for now she’s now working at a Travel
Agency part time, but it’s kind of cool because she gets all kinds of deals.
Other problems are Money and most important Health, and I’m sure there’s
other thing if I were to press the issue. When we talk it seems like everything’s
okay then it blows over for a while. Then just when things get on roll
something always comes up.

So one day I come home from work and I noticed the computer is still
on, so I asked how she was doing on her Job hunt, she replies I didn’t
look for a job today, I replied oh. She then says you know how we been
having problems with our sex, I answered Yes puzzled, thinking to myself
what now. And you know I don’t really have the same interest in Bondage
as you do, so I decided to book us on a Cruise, I answered a Cruise, what
kind of Cruise. Her reply was come on give it a chance, the Cruise is on
the last week of October, which is Halloween. I said were going to take
a Cruise on Halloween, my wife replied Yes it will be fun. So she continues
explaining things and I have to say I wasn’t thrilled.

The first thing was that since the Cruise was on the Halloween Week
there was a Big Costume Party on Halloween Night that every one had to
attend. Also for the Two days before Halloween you had to stay locked up
in your Cabin, only coming out to eat. She said this was done so that us
being a couple could put our minds together and Design our Costumes, and
making something we both accomplished together. I said that sounds great
but I hate Dressing up for Halloween Party’s that’s why we never go to
them. My wife then said yes I know but no one knows who we are, and just
imagine what we can do during the first part of the Cruise. My reply to
that was like what, and then as a smile formed on her face, she said well
you know how you like Bondage, pack your stuff and will see what happens.
I then said can I pack some of your Tight Dresses too, as she smiled and
said yes I was turned into a giddy teenager. My wife then said can I finalize
the deal otherwise I might miss the chance to book us. I then said I guess
so it can’t be that bad, plus I never went on a Cruise. 
The following morning she went to work and tied up all the loose ends,
the only thing was she had different plans that I would soon find out.

As the Day arrived for us to depart we had everything packed and ready
to go, I then asked don’t we have to get supplies for our Costumes to take
with us, her reply was No they supply all the Materials for the Costumes.
I then said okay we better get going. After arriving they put our Luggage
in our Cabin which was gorgeous inside, and then we preceded top side to
watch the departure. As we lined the railing’s I couldn’t help but notice
that just about all the Passengers were beautiful women seminally between
the ages of twenty’s to late thirty’s, the only men seemed to work on the
ship. I turned to my Wife and said I don’t see any men, where are they.
As she laughed she turned to me and said there probably in there cabins
getting sick, I then started laughing with her as we both watched our departure.

Soon we made our way back to our Cabin which had a view of the Ocean
and sliding doors that opened to the Deck where two very nice padded reclining
Lounges awaited us. It was really nice and the whole thing became relaxing,
I was then thinking what a great idea my wife had. She then came over to
the Sliding Doors and closed them, then as she pulled the blinds closed
she told me to turn on the air because it was going to get hot in here.
Then she took my hand and we made our way to the shower, then we made our
way to the bed where we played for hours like a couple of newlyweds, it
was a great afternoon. We continued to have fun and made love just about
every chance we had, we also did it in some strange places. At the same
time we were having fun I still thought about the Bondage idea that seemed
to disappear from her mind. I never really pushed her to do it to me before
and I wasn’t going to start now, so I basically wrote it out of this Vacation,
which it didn’t bother me that much because I was truly having a great
time.

What I did notice was that it was the first day of lock down and that
Halloween was in three days. I must have been having way too much fun because
I still haven’t noticed any men on this Cruise other then the crew, which
was strange. By this time I really didn’t care, it was just strange; I
was with my Wife and having a great time. So in between the thoughts and
ideas and asking my wife when the supplies were coming for our costumes
we got caught up in the moment and made Love and played around. As the
time passed Halloween Night came fast and it was only hours away, I asked
what’s up here we didn’t received our supplies, we weren’t aloud to bother
anyone or talk to anyone and the doors were on lock down for the past two
days, what were we going to do, she then smiled and said I know you didn’t
want to go to some stupid Costume Party.

As it became Halloween my Wife said it’s time, I said what are you talking
about we can’t go any where. She said No that’s not what I meant, let’s
go take a shower together and then I’ll explain. As we dried ourselves
off my Wife said you have your stuff right, I said the Bondage stuff, she
replied yes the Bondage stuff. With a smile on my face I said sure, she
then returned the smile and told me to get it and to bring it to her. As
she dumped the overnight bag on the bed she said wow you have a lot of
stuff, some things I’ve never seen so I’ll have to experiment with that
stuff, after hearing her say that I could feel him growing, then she takes
him and says you won’t mind if I experiment with some of this stuff would
you, I replied No! My Wife then reaches down and takes my favorite Bondage
item which is a Double Lined Spandex Mummy Bag with internal Sleeves, Black
and Tight with a half zipper in the back and a zipper where it counts in
the front.

While holding it she unzips it and tells me to sit on the edge of the
bed, she places it under my feet and works it up my calf’s, at this time
he’s growing rapidly and she says my this does turn you on. She continues
to work the bag up me until she reaches him, then slowly she goes to her
knees and strokes him a few times then slowly runs her tongue all around
him until he’s totally excited, then she stops and says I have work to
get done, which kind of sounded strange but I paid no mind to it. She then
told me to place my arms down at my sides as she worked the bag up to meet
them, I never really used the Mummy Bag because it had a rear zipper and
I wouldn’t have been able to get out of it if it was to get zipped up.
As she worked it up me she put an arm in each sleeve and continued to work
it up me pulling it tight as she went until she passed my Shoulders with
it, then making her way behind me she took the zipper and pulled it up
until every part of the Spandex Bag Tightened around me, right up to my
neck.

At this time so early into her plans I couldn’t move much, with the
zipper up around my neck I could even slide my shoulders out of the sleeves.
I was totally at her mercy and loving it, she then sat me back on the edge
of the bed and then went behind me to find some thing, when she appeared
in front of me she had the Ball Gag that I brought with me in her hand,
she then says we can’t have you making any noises now can we. After Gagging
me she stands back and looks and says don’t go away, smiling as she left
the bedroom for the Living room. It seemed like I was there for a while,
then as she made her appearance she was fully decked out Hair done, wearing
one of her Tight Dresses, Heels, Pantyhose, every thing and looking Hot
and Sexy. She came over to me and said how do I look, as she laughs and
says Oh I forgot you can’t talk, and then she brushes up against me. I
was sitting there thinking to myself this can’t be happening, some one
wake me up, on second thought don’t. She looked excellent in her Dress
and played the part as well.

Then she ask me what’s all these White Spandex Material Strips for,
there’s a lot of them and there stretchy and pretty wide to, then with
a smile on her face she says remember the experimenting well here we go.
Yes I don’t think your secure enough for my plans, I’m thinking to myself
what’s that mean. Then starting at my feet and stretching the Material
as she goes she wraps the material round and round pulling it fairly tight
as she goes overlapping it each time around until she finally runs out
of that piece, which didn’t run out until it reached my knees. Then she
tied the loose end to another piece and continued where she left off again
pulling it tight as she went on her way. By the time she finished with
that piece my ankles all the way up to my upper legs were rapped. Taking
a short brake she sits me back down on the edge of the bed and unzips the
zipper that’s holding him back. The restriction of the Double Line Spandex
Mummy Bag made it impossible to move, knowing this my Wife reached in and
took him firmly in her hand and worked him through the opening. Once she
had him out she wiped the small amount of pre-cum off and looked at me
with a grin and said you’re in for a real Halloween Treat tonight. As I
looked on as she went and got some more White Spandex Strips, I couldn’t
imagine what that was supposed to mean.

She then stood me up again and  tied the two pieces together and
continued where she left off, taking it around and around overlapping it
and pulling it as she went, until that one too ran out. Now looking down
I was starting to look like a real Mummy the only difference was I had
an erect Cock sticking out. She then took another and tied it to the other
leftover piece and continued up me, this time covering my hands, lower
arms and elbows, I was unable to move them. Then she got another piece
and continued where she left off, this time getting the rest of my elbows,
then continuing up my arms.

Now stepping back and laughing a little she looks at me and says one
more should do it, she then takes one more and continues up the rest of
my arms as she makes her way up to my shoulders. As she slowly nears the
end of the Spandex Material she starts crossing it back and forth around
the top of my shoulders and a little around my neck, then as it runs out
she ties the loose end off, and says don’t move an inch as she giggles,
then stands back to admire her work. My Wife then comes over to me and
says I did a better job then you thought I would do, I hesitated then shock
my head yes! She then sat me back down and started routing through the
stuff that was left from the bag, she then glanced at me and said you know
you can’t even tell you have a Mummy Bag on under that, the only thing
that’s Black is your Feet, the rest looks like White Bandages. Now what
should I do next, well since there’s one more White Spandex strip I’m going
to wrap it around your neck but not tight just snug and I will tighten
it when it overlays your Gag, then I will take it around and across your
eyes just once so that you can actually see things through the Spandex
but know one can see you. Now for the other problem and your wondering
what problem is that, well I have an idea.

She comes over to me and says I know you can see me, so you see what
I’m holding; yes it’s a large bag of assorted Condoms. Now the first thing
I’m going to do is find that big long tapered Black Condom, ah’ here it
is, as she starts to slip it on him I could feel him growing with her touch,
as he grew she worked it down him until it reached his base. After she
reached the base of my Penis using her fingers she worked some of the pre-cum
around the top of the Condom to act as a natural lubricant, then she pulled
it down my shaft until the tapered point was the only part sticking up.
After doing this she took the rest of the Condom and worked it completely
over my Balls which held them tightly in place, it was a little uncomfortable
while she was doing it but it felt good afterwards. Her next words were,
that should keep you from producing Sperm for a while, then she says and
that’s not all I have a few rubber rings that I think you were experimenting
with that I found in the other compartment of the bag, my guess is you
use them to stay erect and large longer, so I must use them to. I then
feel her sliding one rubber ring on at a time; all I could do is moan with
excitement as she strategically put each different size ring in the proper
places. My Wife then stood back and said you’re in for one hell of a Halloween.

Now while I’m getting dressed I’m going to explain something to you,
and right about now your wondering what, right. Well here it is since we
were having problems with sex and me not wanting play and experiment and
having issues of my own, which are now fine I decided to do something for
you that you’ll remember for a long time. First thing is with me working
at the travel agency I was able to book nice Cruises and I worked out other
things that helped me in figuring out what I was going to do for you. I
found out that there was a Cruise Ship leaving for this Tropical Island
to shoot a several Porn Movies, and that they were taking 30 Gorgeous Women
between the ages of Twenty Five and Thirty Five. Each Woman would then
be tested and judged in different surprise settings with only 10 getting
lucrative contracts. While booking it I talked to a few of the women and
most of them said it was going to be exciting, and that there were big
contracts waiting to be signed, they then mentioned that most of them would
do just about anything to make that kind of money. When I asked them what
type of  Movies they were all of them had answers, one said there’s
going to be Hardcore, then one said there was a couple of Extreme Bondage,
then all at once it came together in my head and I said to myself this
is going to be it.

Oh I forgot to tell you one of the things they have to do is wear either
Tight Dress, long or short and they must be as Sexy as possible, there
will also be many wearing Erotic Costumes which will add to the Halloween
Party, and of course were going. I then thought to myself what is she talking
about, then I remembered some things she said on different days of our
trip, like her saying who cares who knows us and all those other things
like the fact that there’s No men on this ship except the crew. Oh yes
something else the Women think this is a Private Party put on by the Reality
Show which means they’ll think there being watched or judged so I would
expect them to go all out to impress the judge’s, which you and me know
that there are know judge’s. Also the full deck is off limits to anyone
else including the crew unless it’s an emergency. If your wondering what
I’m going as I’m wearing one of my real Tight Dresses and yes that means
I’m going as a Mistress, I could feel him growing again after that comment,
then she says that’s right you just sit there and  think about that.
You know I didn’t think performing this type of Bondage was going to be
this much fun, I was wrong I’m having a great time, I didn’t realize that
putting you in this type of  Bondage and doing a few extra’s things
would get you so much bigger and thicker, what have I been missing. 
Oh yes incase your wondering your going as a Mummification Bondage Slave
to satisfy who ever wants your services.

 Here’s something else for you to think about, as I’m finishing
up. This letter I wrote is going to be in a glass frame hanging next to
you, it reads. (Use your time wisely and make the right choices, this person
was put here for your Pleasure, use him in any way you want, utilizing
different positions is a plus. Please if you choose to go the full distance
please be careful, as you can tell for your piece of mind we have supplied
a rather large variety of condoms large, contoured tip, ribbed, ticklers,
glowing ones and assorted colors and flavors. Also for your added pleasure
in the basket you will find other toy’s to play with for yourself and to
use on your Sex Toy, some of these things are Cock Rings, Massagers, Vibrators,
Elastic slip knots to tie his balls up with, there’s No limits to what
you can do. If you choose you can team up with someone you meet and both
of you can be satisfied, but remember if you remove his Gag you have to
keep him quiet, at all cost, any noise can go against you if we hear anything
but Pleasure. What ever your mind can drum up, you’re now the one in control. 
Of course I signed it, (Will Be Watching).

I think we have wasted enough time it’s 7:30pm and it’s time to set
you up, that’s another thing remember the comfortable Lounges right outside
our sliding door, easy access all planned out. And let’s not forget that
view of the Ocean. I think your going to have one Hell of a night, but
don’t worry I won’t be far, just remember it’s all for you, and you better
save some for me. As I heard her Heels walk across the floor, away from
me I could feel myself getting more excited not knowing what to expect
next, I then tested my Bondage by squirming and moving around. Then I heard
something being rolled across the floor towards me, as she got closer I
heard her say I think to start things off we’re going to put you in this
rolling, rocking office chair. When she got to me she stood me up then
turned me and sat me down in the chair. I then felt her tying something
around my shoulders, then my lower arms and waist followed, then she finished
up by tying my knees and ankles to the swivel base of the chair, I could
not move an inch. I then heard her open the sliding door, and then she
pushed me through. As she backed into our Cabin closing the door behind
her she paused and whispered I’ll be in hear watching, perform well.

As I struggled to free myself I heard voices coming towards me, I stopped
moving around and this thought went through my head, my God I’m in public
and I’m tied up, instantly this erotic feeling came over me, then at the
same time I was scared. I froze thinking that they would pass me by, as
they did one stops and say’s look at that Christy. Christy then says what,
the other one speaks up and says this person set up in Mummification Bondage
and his Penis is showing but it has something on it. Christy comes closer
and says maybe it’s a manikin it is Halloween you know, the other one speaks
up and says yes and maybe it’s a test. Christy then says there’s only one
way to find out if it’s real, Christy then tells Mandy to check it out,
but adds remember be gentle they could be watching.

As they made there way closer I knew this was going to be the first
of many, as my body started to quiver with anticipation.  As Mandy
stood next to me, she leaned down and touched him, when she did he flex
to show his excitement, I couldn’t do a thing about it. As I laid there
aroused and immobilized Mandy turned to Christy and said he’s real, come
here and see for your self, the only thing is it has a Rubber Black Condom
that covers everything including his Balls. As the Moon reflected off the
Sea I could see threw the Spandex Blindfold that my Wife fitted me with,
and as Christy came closer I could see that she was wearing a Shiny, either
Latex or PVC Long Dress like a Dom would wear, I assume for the Halloween
Party.  When Christy bent down to touch him I could see something
else shiny in the Moon light, except this was in her hand, and then I heard
a noise like a chain being tugged. Just then Christy wraps her hand around
him and squeeze’s firmly, which makes me squirm. Then I hear her giggle
and say yes your right my slave he is real. While holding onto him she
bends down again and whispers into my ear and say’s this is a screening
test for the Movie isn’t it, I motioned No with my head. Christy releases
him and say’s to Mandy these are those test we have to over come, we have
to play the part.  The thought passed threw my mind that right behind
me watching in the shadows was my Wife.

Christy then tells Mandy to come closer tugging at her chain, I could
see by the out line of her body in the Moon Light that she was wearing
a very Tight Dress that was tight right down to her ankles like a Hobble
Dress, very appropriate for a Halloween slave. I then hear Christy say
Mandy put your hands behind your back, then from what I could see Christy
tied them together, and then Christy says now will show you some action.
Christy leans over and says softly your one of the Actors aren’t you, as
I started to motion No she quickly took him in her hand and started squeezing
him again, while saying don’t you lie to me this my career your playing
with, then using her other hand she flicked the top of my Penis, which
hurt like hell. Then while still holding on to him she asks this is a test
isn’t it, and then Mandy speaks up and says you could be right because
look at the things around him, there’s a Basket full of different types
of toys and an assortment of Condoms. There’s also a note basically telling
everyone to have their way with him and to utilize all positions and toys
that are supplied, with a P.S. please clean him up for the next time, which
there are Baby wipes and clean towels provided under the Basket, it’s also
signed (Will Be Watching) .

Me hearing someone else reading that sent chills up and down my spine,
knowing that my Wife went all out for me. So thinking to myself rather
quickly she’s going to hurt me either way, I just started to nod Yes when
she started to tug at him hard at first, then she paused and said this
can be Rough for you or we can make it Erotic and Arousing, it’s your choice,
so I will ask you once more is this a test, I instantly nodded Yes. Christly
then tells Mandy I told you, there probably filming now so let’s get on
with it. Christy’s voice then becomes a little more force full and a bit
louder as she tells Mandy to go to her knees. Mandy now on one side of
me with her hands tied behind her back and her legs being held together
by her Hobble Dress, she to was at Christy’s mercy. Christy then gets a
cushioned chair and pulls it up next to me, then once she got comfortable
she leaned across me and grabbed Mandy’s leash, as she pulled Mandy closer
Christy took the leather strap and started un-snapping something. Then
I felt her put something around the base of my Penis and she pulled it
tight and then I heard it snap shut, it was so tight he was standing straight
up pulsating into the Moon Light. I then hear Christy say to Mandy don’t
move to much you might rip him off, then to test it Mandy leans back giggling
as she pulled him towards her, as she leaned back he stood at attention
pointed towards the Moon lit sky.

Christy then removes the supplied Black Condom that I was wearing and
reaches into the basket of gadgets and says to Mandy look there is some
Astro Glide here; I think we should lube him up and play. She then poured
some over his head and worked it around, then without warning starting
out slow stroking him, with me not being able to do anything about it I
had to enjoy it and I was.  She then moved her hand faster with every
stroke until I was on the brink of  Cumming then instantly she stops
and says to Mandy ah” do you want to play to. Christy then cleaned him
up and went over to Mandy who still had her hands tied behind her and was
kneeling next to me, Christy then leans over and whispers your going to
enjoy this Mandy is such a Vixen when she’s tied up, Christy then un-snaps
the Leather strap around the base of my Penis, and then she pushes Mandy’s
head towards my already erect Penis, Christy then says open wide to Mandy
as she tries to fight off the force fullness push that Christy has initiated.

As Mandy’s mouth closed in around him taking him deep into her throat,
I could sense that she too was getting aroused by her moan’s, for a split
second I realized that she was in the same predicament as me, Hands tied
Hobble Dress on keeping her legs from movement and lastly an erect Penis
in her mouth gagging her so she couldn’t make a sound. That split second
thought put me over the edge as I could see in the dark of the Moon lit
surroundings a shadow looking out at me through our Cabin glass doors,
as Christy pushed Mandy’s head back and forth on my shaft until Mandy took
over by herself and Christy backed away, as Mandy went faster and faster
moaning each time, she forced my body to go in to motion as well. As our
body’s became one and I was about to explode Mandy decides to stop instantly,
then without hesitation she puts her mouth just over the head of my Penis
and starts to suck as hard as she could, it felt like I was hooked up to
a vacuum and sounded like it to, then she continued with this technique
as she took him in and out blowing me faster and faster until my body tensed
up and we started to pump as one, she let out a moan as I exploded in her
mouth filling it up as she continued to suck it out of him milking him
dry. As quick as it started it was now all over, they cleaned me up like
the instructions said and went on there way, I could hear Mandy saying
to Christy that was a Halloween Treat.

As they walked away I heard the sliding doors open up and my Wife walked
out, how was that my dear was that not a treat, it was for me I enjoyed
every moment of it, so much that I to came since I had toys of my own.
You’ll never guess what else I brought to help us enjoy our Vacation for
years to come, that’s right a Digital Camera. Your probably thinking she
wouldn’t of Taped it right, wrong every moment and it’s so high tech it
works in practically No light, this Video is going to be great, eight glorious
hours of taping ranging from, well let’s see that one took a little under
an hour so you have plenty of time for other segments to be added, and
yes all those pretty Women. As I’m aware you need some time in between
to re-produce your sperm, so I’m going to roll you in for a twenty minute
brake, so enjoy your free time!

I must have dozed off because when I awoke I felt the cool breeze of
the Ocean passing me by, and I knew by the star lit sky I was out on the
deck again. All the sudden I hear my Wife’s voice say good you’re awake
enjoy, and then the sliding glass door closed. As I laid there I heard
a pair of Heels walking up on me, at first I thought it must be my Wife
playing around. Then this voice speaks up and says what do we have here,
well needless to say I know my Wife’s voice and that wasn’t it. The voice
then ask are you one of the Actors will be working with on these Bondage
films, remembering the last time I said No, I took a chance and nodded
No again probably to my Wife’s surprise. The voice then says there’s a
lot of stuff set up around you for this not to be a test, you could be
lying and this note is signed Will Be Watching, I think that’s all the
proof I need. Just then she comes up to my face and says I think your going
to want to see me, as she slides the Blindfold down over my Gag, she says
you have beautiful blue eyes, all the better to see me with as a smile
formed on her face.

As I looked at her body fitted into a Tight Red Spandex Dress that revealed
every curve, she was a beautiful Red head with green eyes accompanied by
rear seemed nude Pantyhose, a pair of 5” Red Stiletto’s Pumps and Red Spandex
Gloves that went up to her elbows. As I’m checking her out she notices
and says you like what you see don’t you, I nodded yes and she smiled.
I’m going to tell you my name so you don’t forget that I was already given
a screen test, my name is Andrea. Would you like to be un-tied, I nodded
yes because I instantly thought for a second I would be able to get back
at my Wife by tying her up. But Andrea giggled and said do I look stupid,
you’re tied up for a reason.

**Part Two**

Then she said enough talk, she then takes her right Gloved hand and
firmly squeezes him, and says your going to do everything I say now aren’t
you, I nodded yes and she said good. Her force full voice and the caress
of her Spandex Glove aroused him almost immediately. To my liking she started
stroking him slow, while doing so she leaned over and pulled the Basket
over to her, let’s see what’s in here. Her left hand comes out with these
colored rings and she says these will do fine. Very carefully she starts
sliding one at a time down my shaft, my you’re growing right before my
eyes and I really haven’t done anything yet. By the time she was finished
I couldn’t believe I could get that big all over again, and it felt like
he was bigger then before, pulsating with her every touch.

When she finished with that she again went back to stroking him this
time starting out slow then occasionally speeding up, this was driving
me threw the roof. She continued this on and off for about fifteen minutes,
then she stopped and went to the back of the lounge chair, she then released
this button and the back went down so that I was now laying flat. As I
laid there she straddled the top of the lounge exposing her crotch less
Pantyhose as she stood over me facing my feet, she then eased her self
down so that she was sitting behind my head, still facing my feet. Then
very softly she says I’m going to remove your Gag but don’t get use to
it and don’t make any sounds or I will put it back, then using her right
hand she reaches behind my head and loosens the strap on the Ball Gag so
that it drops down to my neck, at the same time her left hand immediately
covers my mouth.

With her left hand over my mouth she moves her right hand down to my
Cock and grabs him firmly, repeating to me these words, make a sound and
I will squeeze him even harder. Then she lifted her self off the lounge
and straddled my face as she eased her self down her Spandex Dress began
to slide up as she squeezed him harder, now sure that I would not make
a sound she took her left hand off my mouth and continued down until her
pussy was at my mouth. She then says your going to do a good job on me
aren’t you, before I could say anything she starts to stroke him fast while
still squeezing him, before I know it my tongue is working her Clitoris.
The faster she stroked the faster I licked and the more she moaned. Then
as she positioned her self better she leaned forward and ran her tongue
up and down him like a Popsicle, as she did he flexed with every lick.

When she was done tasting him she decided to slowly take him in all
the way, as he slid in her warm mouth Cock rings and all, I was truly amazed
as she took him in and out a few times before stopping. Then as I laid
there totally helpless she carefully removed each cock ring one at a time,
as I paused while she removed them I heard her say you better be thinking
of pleasing me better this next time around. Then she wrapped her hand
around him and jerked him off making each stroke faster and faster until
I couldn’t take it anymore and I submitted and stuck my tongue in her as
far as I could, as her body tensed up I continued to search out her spot
with my tongue, until she went a step further and switched from the Hand
job to a full fledged Blowjob that started out slow with her taking him
all the way in then dragging her teeth lightly down him, not only was it
Erotic it was amazing. I couldn’t help but to force my tongue deeper inside
her as I tried desperately to please her. I could tell she was enjoying
it by her body language and moans, she was becoming quite wet. I was this
Mummified Sex Toy that she controlled just by the simplicity of her actions,
then as she slowly  came to a stop with my tongue still inside and
the weight of her ass on my face, unable to say anything, she says this
is going to be fun, remember my name when it comes to picking the finalist.
Then she takes him back in her mouth, rolls her tongue around him a little
and starts sucking him with every stroke, as she did I immediately picked
up where I left off, sticking my tongue deep inside her.

How fast she went seemed to control how fast I went, as she continued
to go faster so did I. As I found my body loosing control Andrea Explodes
in my mouth, as she explodes I lose it and Tense up preparing to explode
as well, just as I’m about too Andrea takes her right hand and wraps it
around the base of him and squeezes so tight that I go through the motions
of Cumming, but with the restriction of her hand squeezing nothing’s coming
out. While I’m still going through the pumping motion, not paying attention
Andrea gets off my face and immediately covers my mouth, after doing so
she places the Ball Gag back in my mouth and pulls it tight and buckles
it up. Andrea then says to me now that we got that out of the way we can
get back to business, see since you have cum already and I’ve stopped it
you’ll be able to last for a longer time. As she works to keep him hard,
she knows quite well that he could go down since he’s basically cum already.

Reaching down into the Basket she grabs a Condom which turns out to
be a French Tickler, she giggles as she opens it and works it down my shaft,
still basically hard, Gagged and Mummified she pulls her Red Spandex Dress
up and straddles the lounge right over him. Andrea then lowered herself
down until he slid inside her, as he slowly started to go down she started
to pump slow at first, and then picked up the pace, as she continued I
could feel him getting aroused. She continued to go faster and faster and
he continued to grow, maybe it was me but I could swear he was a lot larger
then before. We most have pumped for fifteen minutes straight, she then
stops and manages to turn her self around with out taking him out so she
was facing my feet, I never felt anything like that before.

She then put her hands on my ankles and started pumping while leaning
towards my feet, she continued to pump faster each time until our body’s
tensed up and we both exploded for a second time. Andrea then said remember
me as she cleaned me up and walked off into the night. When she was out
of sight the Sliding Door opened behind me and I was pulled in. My Wife
then says I see she took your Blindfold off, she was beautiful and the
Video looks great. Since I was Blindfolded before my wife got Dressed I
didn’t have a chance to see what she was wearing, she was wearing this
Gold and Black stretch Spandex/Nylon Dress that went above her knees, and
it was extremely Tight, she also had on a pair of seamed Black Pantyhose
on with 4” Heels that laced up her ankles she was Beautiful and Sexy, and
me not being able to do anything at all. My wife speaks up and says I still
think there’s time for a couple more treats, you have performed well for
the camera. Let’s see that treat took a little more time, it was one hour
and fifteen minutes. You must be tired so I’m going to let you rest for
a while, as I shook my head No to tell her I can’t do it anymore, she again
Blindfolded me and I dosed off into a relaxing sleep.

 I was awoken by voices standing around me, but I tried not to
acknowledge them and stay still. I had a quick thought of how my Wife got
me in position again, this time making sure not to wake me; I also thought
she was great for putting all this together and supporting me on my Bondage
Fetishes. As I’m laying here thinking just about anything, other then listening
to the voices around me, because I thought if I started to get caught up
in what they were saying I might become aroused while there standing there,
and for a moment I did hear a Women say, this must be one of the props
for the Bondage Flicks. I relaxed as they appeared to lose interest, then
as I heard them starting to walk away a different women’s voice says, you
know that was pretty extreme for a prop. I start to hear heels walking
back towards me and a voice say, that note is signed rather weird (Will
Be Watching) and what about the Basket of Toys and Condoms, me thinking
there’s someone watching alright. It could be away of weeding us out, there’s
thirty Gorgeous women on board there’s No way were all going to make it.

As I hear a voice say, yes your right but he certainly don’t look real,
the Mummification Bondage is done way to perfect. When I heard that I knew
they were going to have to touch me to see if I was real, as I tried to
think about nothing to hopefully control him from showing any arousal I
staid perfectly still, thinking I would get out of this one. Just then
I hear one woman’s voice say if this is a test will show them something
to put on film, if not some one went a long way to dress a manikin up in
Bondage for Halloween, so let’s not disappoint them.  After I heard
that I felt myself starting to lose control as the blood started to flow
to him, I couldn’t believe it was happening all over again except this
time two other women and probably a different scenario. As I waited in
anticipation to see what was to come I felt the Lounge get bumped, then
a voice says look unless that’s got some kind of pump attached to him I
think he’s real and he’s been listening. Then without warning I feel this
body leaning on my legs restricting me even more from movement.

Now almost totally erect I feel this warm tongue run up and down him,
which instantly sends chills running threw my body, as the chills flowed
so did the blood, here I was growing right in front of there eyes just
by the touch of her tongue. As she continued with her tongue I heard this
other voice talking as she moved closer, she was right across from her
friend on the other side of the lounge. She speaks up and says in a Dominant
voice your doing fine my pet, but you need to work him as if it’s a screen
test, as if I didn’t know what that meant. Then the licking stops and this
voice says give me those scissors out of that Basket, the same voice then
says it’s obvious to us that your real and you’re here for a reason so
you remember Rachael and Rhonda, and if I were you I wouldn’t move an inch
while I make this cut. Just then I felt cold steel brush by my cock as
I heard the scissors cutting the material, then Rachael the Dominant one
says look who wants to come out and play.

As I laid there feeling a little breeze I feel these fingers with rather
long nails go threw this now widened hole and a voice saying now this shouldn’t
hurt a bit, as Rachael’s fingers found there mark she started to work one
ball at a time threw this small hole, which didn’t seem to be connected
to the hole where my Cock came threw. As I squirmed around from her trying
to squeeze my ball threw this seemingly tiny hole, I felt a pair of hands
push down on my chest and say take it easy they’ll be plenty of time for
squirming. As I relaxed Rachael said that’s right calm down, then she got
one of my balls threw the hole and then continued to work the second one
threw, until she finally had both of them out. Then Rhonda says here use
this, all the sudden I felt this Elastic thing go loosely over my sack
slightly pulling my balls together, then the looseness became tight as
I felt the Elastic Band being pulled tight, then I felt it cross as she
pulled it and worked my sack threw the Elastic for a second time. I then
heard Rhonda say, see I told you wearing that Hair Band would come in handy. 
Rachael then says yes your right his balls are tied up rather nicely, and
as you can see they won’t fall back threw the hole we added.

Now look what I found supplied in the Basket, a Silicon Cock Ring with
a vibrating attachment included, we definitely have to put this on him
for a while. As I felt my Balls heating up and my Erection growing with
every bad thought I felt this tight Ring being forced down my Shaft until
it bottomed out at his base.  Then both of them bent down and kissed
me on my cheek and said if you will excuse us we have some planning to
do, but we will stimulate you while we discuss our plans, then one of them
turned on the vibration device and took him in her hand, as the vibrating
noise hummed away her hand started to jerk him off ever so gently. 
As I was about to cum everything came to a complete stop, as I heard there
heels walking away. Never in my whole life was I ever subjected to such
sexual and erotic escapades, then after a bit I heard there heels making
there way back to me. I must have been in shock because I couldn’t feel
him but I knew that he was larger and thicker then ever.

As I felt the Vibrator go on again I heard Rachael say wow he’s really
turned on, then Rhonda speaks up and says and it looks like he’s happy
to hear us. I then hear them say if there secretly filming this it’s going
to be great stuff, we’ll be shoe inns for the parts. Here I am totally
tied up like a Mummy with my Wife looking on and two women thinking there
trying out for parts in a Bondage movie, it doesn’t get any better then
that. As the talking came to a stop I felt two pairs of hands putting pressure
on chest area, then I felt the lounge shift from side to side, leading
me to believe that they were kneeling on both sides of me. Rachael then
says we are going to remove your Blindfold in a little while so that you
know who we are, just in case, for now were going to play for a while.
No sooner said I felt this soft hand wrap around my Cock, I instantly got
erect and excited, as she squeezed. As he continued to grow in her hand
she went from squeezing to jerking him off, slow for a while then fast,
then she would stop.

Rachael then told Rhonda to lower the back of the lounge putting me
in a laying position, instantly I thought there’s know way I’ll be able
to go through this again, and they were going all out to satisfy me knowing
what was at stake for them if they failed in front of the camera. As the
back of the chaise lowered the Hand Job stopped, then I felt the foot end
of the chaise being lowered which seemed to bottom out hitting the floor.
Then I felt someone straddling my ankles squeezing them together, as there
Ass rested on my feet, then Rachael says were going to remove your Gag,
but before Rhonda removes it I’m going to lean over and wrap my teeth around
your shaft and apply a little pressure, if you make any attempt to yell
out I will bite him off do you understand, just nod yes if you do! I nodded
yes and her teeth soon surrounded him. Then as my eyes focused into the
Moon light I glanced down at my feet to see a beautiful Red Head laying
up my legs with my shaft in her mouth. I then looked over to my left and
saw a blonde that was poured into this shiny tight baby Blue PVC dress
that formed to every curve.

As I followed her with my eyes she soon went out of sight as she made
her way behind me, then she bent down and slowly removed my Gag. As my
mouth began to open to say something I felt Rachael’s teeth tighten around
him, which said to me she wasn’t joking. Soon after Rhonda worked her tight
dress up her body and straddled the lounge positioning her body right over
my face, as she began to lower herself down Rachael tighten her grip which
instantly opened my mouth. When Rhonda touched down my tongue was eagerly
waiting as it slid inside her, she responded with a soft moan. As my tongue
slid in Rhonda, Rachael in perfect rhythm released her tight grip and began
to blow me, changing her speed from slow to fast. Rachael dictated the
way I would satisfy Rhonda, the faster Rachael went seemed to be how fast
I went down on Rhonda. With Rhonda in this position I was still unable
to make any sounds, except for the sound of me eating her out, I was mummified
and loving it.

As Rachael continued to go down on me, she hit the switch on the Vibrating
Cock Ring and moaned with delight. I worked Rhonda using everything I have
ever learned on pleasing a woman until finally she began to moan and pump
in perfect harmony, for me it all came to an abrupt stop when I felt Rachael
turn off the Cock Ring and removed it. Then while Rhonda was in her groove
pumping away while my tongue found the right spots, I felt Rachael take
him at the base with a firm grip and repentantly told Rhonda to pump faster
and faster. As Rhonda moaned and pumped as fast as she could her body leaned
forward as Rachael helped her take my man hood in her mouth deep to keep
her from screaming, as Rachael still controlled me with her tight grip.
Rhonda started to quiver as she took me in and out, and I to started to
shake as I got ready to explode, but as I got closer Rachael’s grip got
tighter and I went through the motions without Cumming, but for Rhonda
it was a totally different story as she squirted and exploded with a couple
of orgasms, or at least it seemed that way because she just kept on Cumming,
then finally collapsed on top of me.

Rachael then said I’m going to Gag you again and let use rest for a
while, but my little Mummy doesn’t think he’s done yet it’s early and there’s
still plenty of treats to be had. As he slowly went down being denied the
chance to cum I thought to myself the Wife must be loving this. I to exhausted
fell a sleep a short time after, when I awoke my face was cleaned and I
was sitting up again in the lounge as if nothing happened. Two figures
appeared from No where, and looking into the Moon light I could tell by
what they were wearing that it was Rachael and Rhonda, Rachael says oh’
your awake, lets get started. Just then Rhonda leans down and says to me
you were great I’ve never been eaten like that, Rachael then speaks up
and says sure he was he’s performing for the cameras. Then Rachael says
to me I think you have been laying down way to long it’s time to change
your position, Rachael then tells Rhonda to get the hand truck that they
passed in the hallway. While Rachael untied me from the lounge Rhonda returned
with the hand truck and parked it next to me. Rachael and Rhonda got me
up and managed to move me on to the hand truck, as I felt me being pushed
across the deck I heard Rachael say stop right here. I was then pushed
against this solid beam and held there by Rhonda; Rachael disappeared for
a moment then return with the material that held me to the lounge.

While Rhonda held me up against the beam Rachael took the material and
stratigely tied me to the post, putting it around my shoulders, elbows,
hands, upper legs, lower legs and feet. When the finished I watched them
back away with smiles on there faces, as they looked me up and down and
admired there work. Rachael then walked up to me and whispered it’s time
for you to remember just who I am. Rachael then tells Rhonda to undress,
as her tight Blue dress came down my eyes widened with excitement. Rachael
then removes her pantyhose and stretches them apart, a foot in each hand,
she then tells Rhonda to put her hands behind her back, when she does Rachael
grabs them and slips the two hands into one of the foot holes, quickly
she works the rest of the pantyhose up her arms until they reach her shoulders,
using the other leg she quickly wraps it around her upper arms then works
it down to her hands then crosses it around the front of her pulling her
hands close to her butt, then she takes it around her again but this time
she crosses them around her Tits pulling them together then she tied off
the lose end.

As Rhonda struggled to get free I began to wonder if she even expected
to be this involved, I think Rachael was performing a Dominant Role thinking
she was auditioning in front of a camera. I know my wife was watching and
loving what was going on, but as reality set back in I was unable to move
an inch. Then without warning, Rhonda I guess getting very aroused about
being in Bondage herself leans forward and starts blowing me, all I could
do is moan in Ecstasy as she picked up her pace. Then as I looked behind
her I saw Rachael pull up a chair, Rachael then sat in it and pulled something
from her purse, as she bent down behind Rhonda, Rhonda continued working
me not knowing what was about to happen. Then I looked down and saw Rachael
putting both of her feet inside Rhonda’s making sure she couldn’t close
her legs, Rhonda felt it and tried to pull away from me but Rachael pushed
on the back of her head forcing my cock back into her mouth. Being forced
must have sent Rhonda into frenzy because she picked up where she left
off. But this time I heard a buzzing sound coming from Rhonda and as it
got louder Rhonda went faster and sucked harder.

From what I could see it looked like Rachael was holding the cards,
or should I say a Vibrator, I watched as Rachael worked it in and out of
Rhonda which turned me on as well. Soon all of us were in perfect harmony
pumping and moaning together as one, the sucking that Rhonda was generating
was pushing me over the edge I didn’t know how long I could last, then
as Rhonda let out a loud moan her body tensed up and with in seconds as
I
felt her tightening her grip on him I too tensed up as we came together.
For a couple of seconds he just continued to pump out cum filling her mouth
as she pulled away. He just stood Erect normally going down after Cumming,
so Rachael noticing this tells weak kneed Rhonda to help her untie me from
the pole, as they untied me from the pole I could feel my legs giving out
and I started to slide down the pole. Grabbing me quickly Rachael tells
Rhonda to start stroking me to keep him aroused, as he stayed hard in Rhonda’s
hand as she jerked me off, I noticed that it was beginning to bother me,
basically because I never had anyone continue to work me after Cumming
so I didn’t recognize this weird feeling, almost like I had to go to the
bathroom. But they were in control and I was tied tight and gagged as well,
unable to do anything and they were not stopping, so I had No choice but
to ride it out.

Rachael then told Rhonda to stop for a minute and to pull over the lounge,
then putting up the head rest part into the sitting position Rhonda locks
it in place, then goes to the foot rest section and drops it so that it’s
almost touching the ground and locks it, now they worked me to the lounge
and placed me in it so that I was sitting up with my legs straight out.
As Rhonda quickly went back to jerking me off, Rachael was getting ready.
Rachael then goes to the basket and retrieves a Condom, opening it we all
noticed it was glowing in the dark a bright green, as Rhonda stopped jerking
me off, they both giggled as Rachael slid it over my Erect Cock. Rachael
then says I hope those camera’s are still rolling because I’m going to
milk you like a cow. Rachael then straddles the lounge and lowers herself
guiding him in, which that weird feeling I was having was intense as I
squirmed as she slid him all the way in, Rhonda smiling seeing me squirm
spoke up and said go ahead move around that will add to Rachael’s pleasure.
Then as Rachael began to pump I could feel her contracting her muscles
as she went up and down on my shaft, as if she were using her hand to milk
a cow. All I could feel was that he seems thicker and bigger then ever
with every pump she did. Rhonda then walked up behind Rachael and lifted
her arms up in the air and slid her Dress up over her head, then using
the same pantyhose that Rachael used on Rhonda, Rhonda took Rachael’s hands
behind her back and tied them tight, me still inside of Rachael she was
unable to move or elude Rhonda’s intensions as she spurted out No Rhonda.

As Rachael kept saying No she continued to pump, the only problem was
that she said No one to many times as Rhonda quickly gagged her using the
Ball Gag that was overlooked in the Basket. I couldn’t believe I wasn’t
exploding inside her, experiencing all of this, I can say that the weird
feeling went a step further as I began to feel as if I was having something
happen to me that I’ve never experienced before. While Rachael seemed to
be totally tied up, Rhonda stopped her from pumping and leaned her down
on my chest removing my Shaft from inside her, as Rachael thrashed and
moaned threw her gag. Then while holding onto my Cock Rhonda removes the
Elastic band from around my sack and gently works my balls back threw the
holes that were made earlier, Freedom as they relaxed in there place. Then
without waiting Rhonda placed a hand on Rachael’s shoulder and worked her
back while using her other hand to direct my shaft back into Rachael, as
our moans passed by our gags Rachael began to shiver and started to pump
uncontrollably squeezing her inner muscles with every up stroke. As Rachael
slowed Rhonda started playing with Rachael’s nipples, squeezing them and
flicking them as she pleased, which immediately sent Rachael into a pumping
frenzy which sent me also into a fast pumping motion as well. Then finally
our pumping motion became as one and she squeezed going up and I moaned
going down, as the quivering started, Rhonda’s orgasms began to flow, as
for me I came like never before and then as Rachael kept to her promise,
continued to pump never stopping until I came again, then making sure I
was empty she continued to pump slowly until he finally went down inside
her. When it ended I was exhausted and just about to dose off, the last
thing I remember is watching Rhonda untie Rachael and a real cold wash
cloth wiping my Shaft.

When I woke up I found myself back in our Cabin with the sliding doors
closed and the long curtains drawn tightly closed. As I looked around at
the darkness candles began to luminate the room setting a relaxing atmosphere,
as each candle was lit a silhouette of a woman appeared then vanished into
the darkness. As the room brightened from the lighting of the last candle
I could see my Wife standing there with a glass of wine admiring what she
accomplished. She strolled up to me wearing this Tight Black Dress, Black
Gloves that went to her elbows, Black Pantyhose that seemed to have a design
running down them and a pair of 4” heels that laced up her ankles. As she
made her way over to me she whispered oh” wait until you see the Video’s
of your Halloween adventures. Then as she walked pointing to the corner
of the room I could see that the Camera was still rolling, she then bent
down and looked threw the viewer and adjusted it so that it was pointed
directly at me. It seemed like the evening aroused her so much that she
had plans for the last video, and me still on the lounge gagged and Mummified
for her pleasure. Making her way towards me walking directly in front of
the camera, she starts talking about how the last video almost lasted for
three hours and that she was going to work on keeping me her slave until
the video tape ran out. I couldn’t believe my Wife was going to be the
finale, yet in my heart I was glad that it was going to be her.

All night I was brought close to Cumming by different beautiful woman
thinking they were landing rolls in Bondage Films and a couple of times
I was made to cum, which those two times were truly amazing and erotic,
yet for some reason I was looking forward to finishing the evening with
my Wife. As these thoughts passed threw my mind reality set in as I watched
my Wife carry a chair from the dining area and positioned it next to me.
Lifting me up she carefully turns me and sits me in the chair, then reaching
into the overnight bag she pulls out a Spandex Hood and places it over
my head pulling it down over my gag, thin enough to breathe threw but snug.
Then I felt something go threw the Hoods rings  pulling the Hood snug
around my neck, then I felt something being crossed across my eyes and
tied behind my head, I was now totally Blindfolded.

As I sat there not knowing what to expect next I felt my wife’s hands
touching me around my shoulder area, then within seconds I was being wrapped
to the chair, I tried to move around but as I moved she wrapped, causing
the movement to slowly stop as the wrapping finished at my feet. Since
my wife took her time I was beginning to get aroused once again, she must
have noticed because she ran her nails up and down him causing him to flex
with excitement. Then I felt her put her hands on my knees as she lowered
herself to the floor. Then I felt something being poured onto my cocks
head it was cold and thick sending chills down my spine, immediately afterwards
I felt her hand wrap around him and begin to work the thick liquid in as
she began to jerk me off, slowly at first making sure she covered him completely.
Once he was covered she picked up her pace causing him to stand at attention
while her hand slid up and down him rather quickly. Then as she slowed
down I heard her voice say you must be wondering what I put on him I moaned
as she replied Honey, sticky and hot.

She was right because while she was jerking me off he was becoming warm.
Then I heard her say I know you like Honey let’s see if I like it, then
I felt her lean against my knees as her tongue started to run up and down
him licking the honey off, while my moans tried to escape the gag. The
licking stopped as I felt her lips kissing the top of him, then as her
lips became firm she worked him into the little hole that she made with
her lips and forced him all the way in till she reached his base. It seemed
to me that she to was having a good time as her one hand gripped his base
as she picked up the pace, taking him in and out in perfect rhythm. After
a while her other hand found playtime as she worked my balls threw the
hole that Rachael and Rhonda made. While blowing me she began to roll my
balls in her hand, then she switch to a massaging motion which sent me
threw the roof, nearly working me to the point of No return. Almost like
she knew that I was about to cum she suddenly stopped and reached into
a glass and retrieved a piece of ice, she then used the ice to cool him
down by rubbing it all over him until he started to go down.

Once he went down she let out a giggle and said you’re not thinking
of relaxing are you. As I sat there resting I could feel her untying me
from the chair, still unable to move I tried to stand but couldn’t. Then
out of know where I’m stood up and worked onto a hand truck which is then
tilted back and I’m rolled somewhere and removed from hand truck and placed
against a wall. Soon after I feel something stretchy being wrapped around
my shoulders, then as I felt it getting tighter I tried to lean away from
the wall but was pulled back as if I was tied to the wall, I couldn’t even
slide down the wall, I was being held up by something, the more I moved
the tighter it got. I rested for a moment thinking what was next, then
I felt the wrapping again except this time it was my feet, now they were
also tied to something. Now standing with my back against the wall unable
to move my upper body or my legs or feet, then I feel my wife putting her
hands on each side of my waist as she leaned against me. She removed her
hands from my waist and slid her body down mine until she reached the floor.
She began to jerk him off until he became aroused again, once aroused she
took something and tied it around the base of him forcing him to stay hard,
she then took my balls and tied them up to stop the production of sperm.

Knowing what could happen from previous times I knew that I could go
for a while but I would go through the motions of Cumming and nothing would
happen. Now standing there Mummified, Gagged and Blindfolded with my Cock
and Balls tied up, I felt the warmth of my wife’s mouth as she consumed
my cock all the way to his base, my knees buckled as she took him in and
out. As she got into rhythm she placed a hand on each side of my hip and
began to move me back and forth causing me to pump in rhythm with her,
my pelvic area was the only area I could move. As we stayed in perfect
rhythm for quite sometime the moans became louder and my body became tense,
wants she realized I was close she stopped and tightened the ring that
was surrounding my base, she immediately picked up where she left off going
faster and faster until I couldn’t control myself anymore, then I exploded
in her mouth, or at least I thought I did pumping away until I was finished.
As my body went limp Donna went and got a chair then untied me from the
wall and sat me in it, telling me not to move. All of the sudden she removed
my Blindfold and there she was standing in front of me looking seductive
and sexy, she placed her hand around him and said look after all that he’s
still standing, then she slowly started stroking him. Then using her other
hand she slowly worked her Tight Dress up revealing her crotch less Black
pantyhose, as she straddled the chair she lowered her body down guiding
him in her warm tight hole as I let out a moan. Once she reached bottom
she sat there for a second then started rocking in place, she never did
that before, but I knew it felt good as she continued to rock.

After doing that for a while I realized I was hard but had No urge to
cum, that all changed as she went from rocking to pumping, slow then fast.
Again she was doing something different she began using her inner muscles,
squeezing him with every up stroke, I was in heaven and loving it. I noticed
that in her hand she held the remote to the video camera, she pointed it
and hit zoom, and we were now up close and personal another Bondage Sex
Video. As the video recorded us she started to moan and grunt as she pumped
even faster using all of her muscles. As I glanced over at the camera trying
not to cum, my wife said you like being on camera don’t you, then I watched
the zoom lens as it focused again, this time she hit the zoom for a close
up of me, watching it turned me on so much that I began to pump as fast
as my wife, lunging him deep inside her hitting her G spot with every pump.
I could feel her becoming very wet as he slid in and out of her. Then without
any notice she stopped and got off me leaving me there close to Cumming.
Then returning with a glass she reached in and pulled out an ice cube,
she took it and began running it up and down my shaft until he seemed to
be frozen.

As I sat there with chills she backed up to me as to sit on my lap,
but instead she straddled the chair with her back to me and worked him
in, he must have been like a Popsicle because as she slid him in all she
did was grunt and shake. Once she was perched on top of him she sat there
shaking as her nipples became noticeably hard piercing threw her tight
dress. As the chills went threw our body’s she again began to pump, slow
then fast until finally getting into a rhythm, she must have pumped for
ten minutes straight. With me getting ready once again I started to moan
louder then I was before, her voice spoke up and said No not yet. She stopped
once again and got off me; she then went to the camera and turned it towards
the bed. Using the hand truck she stood me up and rolled me to the bed,
where she positions me right in the middle. Standing at the side of the
bed she got undressed revealing a crotch less Teddy that looked fantastic
on her, my eyes widened with delight as she made her way onto the bed.
While running her fingers up and down him she worked on releasing any items
that restricted his flow, while undoing them she whispered boy am I going
to Fuck your brains out, and that in it self turned me on because she very
rarely cursed, then these words came out, and if you think Rachael milked
you try you haven’t seen anything yet. Then without any hesitation she
straddled me and worked him all the way in, resting she laid down on my
chest as he grew inside her, as a little time passed she pushed herself
up putting her hands on my chest. Then she started out slow going up and
down as she leaned back and grab my ankles, this went on for awhile until
she leaned forward and started pumping like a mad woman, thrashing her
head from side to side picking up speed as she went. Since I was starting
to bounce up and down on the mattress, we became one as the rhythm started
to pick up, we continued this way for a while until my body started to
tremble inside her as my Shaft became a Vibrator, she then looked and smiled
and said now baby now as she moaned with every pump until I couldn’t hold
back and I exploded inside her like never before, but she didn’t stop she
continued pumping until I came again, still not stopping she slowed her
pumping down but used her inner muscles to squeeze every drop out of him
until he was empty.

Now that’s a Halloween Treat!

The End
