---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/sportster.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Sportster
authors:
- West Coast Comet
tags:
- M/f
- M+/f
- mpov
- bond
- denial
- cuffs
- rope
- wrap
- tease
- denial
- teen
- cons
- X
date: 2023-04-09 00:00:00
---

Some of you guys might relate. Harley engines sing a special tune to the ladies that ride. Seems like their vibrations just hit the right frequency with some ladies. A virginal uptight schoolgirl can climb on a Harley and climb off after an hour as a ready-to-fuck hot-assed whore.

When she found out I rode, Roxanne and I hit it off almost instantly. She was waitressing at a little bar in Maine, and I had stopped by on a short ride-about on my Sportster. The Aussies call them walk-abouts, so I figure I can call them ‘ride-abouts’. I asked her out after her shift was over but she said “No, it’s too late and I have to hit the hay. Come around tomorrow about 10. I’m off then and we can ride your Harley anywhere you want to go.” She gave me her address, and I told her to be ready at 10:00 am sharp.

Let me tell you about Roxy. She is 110 lbs. soaking wet but has the nicest figure around. She was hot as all hell, and lots of guys would ask her out. I really don’t know why she decided I was okay, but damn, I am glad she did. She is no taller than 5’2,” and she always wore heels while waitressing. That way she seemed a little taller, and it got her a lot better tips, I’m sure. I don’t know how she did it, on her feet all day in heels, but she managed just fine. Tough little girl as I found out.

The next day she jumped on my bike and wrapped her hands around my waist. Then I saw it. She had a pair of handcuffs on one wrist. She promptly snapped them on her other wrist, locking herself to me.

“Don’t want to fall off, right?” she said. I broke into a sweat and got a real rush from what she did.

“I think that is a bit dangerous. I’m not sure you should…” I muttered.

She cut me off, “Shut up and ride. I like the feeling of handcuffs and a Harley between my legs.”

I swallowed hard and off we went. I couldn’t help myself. I had a smile on my face all through the ride.

The ride was shorter than I planned because after about half an hour she told me the handcuff keys were at her house. Yes, we turned around right there. She had been touching me around the crotch all the time on the bike, and her hands and her handcuffs were making me crazy.

She had a supply of equipment and rope, and it wasn’t very long before Roxy was spread-eagle on her bed. She kept telling me to make it tighter. I am certain there were tortured prisoners in the tower of London that were not pulled tighter on the rack than she was on her bed.

Once I had her tied so tight that she couldn’t move, I turned around and walked out the door. I mean, my Harley was just asking for a good long ride, right? Yea, no f-ing way. I fucked her harder and longer than any woman I’ve ever slept with. She was tight and wet, and we just about exhausted ourselves that afternoon.

---

In the post coital chit-chat, I asked her how she got down this kinky path. Of course, I complimented her and told her it was totally hot, which was no lie from my perspective. Roxy decided to tell me all and I thought I would share with all of you. Now, just so you know, I have changed names to protect her from harassment and embarrassment.

Roxy started with, “I was hanging around with my brother and all his friends. Sort of being a pest in many ways. I was 16 and I was hot even then. I bugged the shit out of my brother, Frank, but his friends all enjoyed looking at my tits and my ass. I was a hell of a tease, but I was still not ready to go all the way with any of those assholes,” she stated sort of breathlessly. Remember she was still tied tight. She asked me not to let her loose just yet. The French call the orgasm the “little death” so I guess you could call this Roxy’s ‘death bed confession’.

She said, “There was one guy, Jamie. Now, don’t be jealous! Jamie was okay and was nice to me. I thought about letting him do me, but I was too shy to ask outright.”

She smiled sweetly and I almost thought about letting her loose, but she said, “Leave the ropes alone if you want to hear my life story. You let me loose and I will kick your sorry ass out of here.” Okay, I did what she asked, but I did start playing with her breasts.

“Tell me more or I will just tease you the rest of the afternoon and leave you like this until tomorrow,” I threatened.

She smiled broadly and said, “Well that sounds nice. Maybe I should just shut up and let your torture me mercilessly. I like this.”

I smiled back and said, “No, keep going this is interesting. Besides, I need some time to reload.”

Roxy smiled and started her story again, “I was 16 at the time, but my brother and most of his friends were 17 or 18. They were hanging around in the kitchen, and I was there, just being a shit to my brother, Frank. All the guys were laughing at him. Finally, he had enough of my nonsense. He grabbed some cling wrap and then grabbed my arm, twisting it behind my back. He was a wrestler in high school and about 3 times my size, so he quickly pinned me on the floor, twisting my arms behind me. He wrapped the cling wrap around my arms, pinning them together, and then wrapped the cling wrap around my belly, pinning my arms to my back. It was tight. My arms were held tightly together all the way up to my elbows.”

“The guys were all laughing and cheering. I was pissed off and swore I would do all kinds of nasty things to him.”

He said, “Not today.”

Roxy continued, “Before I could do anything, he yanked me off the floor and over his shoulder. He could bench press about 350 lbs., so I was nothing to him. He carted me off to my room and threw me on the bed. I remember looking at Jamie as he carried me away. God, Jamie had a look on his face I can still see even now.”

Roxy sighed and I continued to massage her everywhere. She was losing the sensual war, but she continued anyway, “Frank tells me to stay away from him and his friends and he will let me go later. I tell him BULL-SHIT. I will go where I want and if he ties my legs, I will just hop down to the kitchen. He says no you won’t. You won’t want to show your little pussy all naked. He grabs my shorts and panties and pulls them off. I am so shocked that I don’t do anything but lay there with my mouth open and my ass bare.”

I responded to her story with, “What the hell? Your brother pulls your pants off?“

Roxy says, “Yeah, I know it sounds a little perverted, but he had no designs on me. It was just him being crude. I was lying face down so he couldn’t see anything anyway. I immediately clenched my buttocks and pulled my legs together, crossing my ankles, to protect my privates. Frank then started wrapping my calves with the cling wrap, but he ran out after about a half dozen wraps. I think he was going to bind my legs all the way up to my butt if he had the wrap. He did a good enough job as it was, and I couldn’t escape either the arm wrap or the leg wrap.”

“Wow, that is some situation you got into!”

“And it gets worse,” Roxy said, “he closed the door behind him and went back downstairs. Well, I am pissed and struggled like all hell to get out. I couldn’t stand up because my ankles were crossed and I just couldn’t get the cling wrap off any part of me. I must have thrashed on my bed for 30 minutes or longer.”

I began to gently rub Roxanne’s pussy now. I was feeling a bit more amorous now, and wanted to do a little more with her. She moaned and threw her head back against the bed.

“Do that some more…” she said.

“No more until you finish the story!”

“Fuck you.”

“Yes, I will, but after you finish your story. You have me intrigued now.”

“We fucked, and I came like Niagara Falls. End of story! Now, let’s get busy!”

Well, I wasn’t going to let this go. I wanted to know a little bit more, so I said, “Not good enough Roxy! Who did you fuck? Tell me more.”

“All right. I can’t stand this torture much longer. I will give you the rest of the story, but then you’ve got to fuck the living daylights out of me!”

I just smiled and stopped touching her.

Roxy strained in her tight bondage and said, “You SOB!” Then she lay back and started again, “I tried everything to get loose. Then I saw the bedposts on the headboard. I thought I could pull the wrap off my legs using the post. I lifted my legs up and hooked my leg wrapping on the post and pulled. All that happened was that I slid off the bed and landed with my head and shoulders just touching the floor. I was upside down. My legs were still wrapped and now securely fastened to the bedpost top.

“I had been thrashing so much and was so aroused that I began to have a massive climax as I hung there, feeling so helpless and vulnerable. I screamed out a blood curdling yell and began to spasm. Jamie had come up stairs to take a leak and was within ear shot. He ripped open the door thinking I was in trouble. I was just hanging there with no pants on, arms tied behind me, having an orgasm right in front of him. I continued to spasm as I stared at him, and he stared at me. My pelvis was jerking back and forth as I went through one of the most violent orgasms I’ve ever had.” Roxy smiled at me and said, “Of course, present company excluded.”

“Your first is always memorable. Don’t freaking stop now!” I said.

“You won’t feel bad, will you?”

“I’m good. In fact, Roxy, your story is making me hard as a rock. Keep going!”

“Jamie rushed over to me and picked me up and unhooks me from the bedpost. He puts me on my bed face down. No words are said. He doesn’t pull off my wraps. He just unzips and enters me with no hesitation, no explanation, and no regrets. We do it for a while, up in my bedroom. It was a great first time. Like ‘Holy Shit’ good!”

Roxy stopped for a moment and then restarted, “Jamie moved on in time. He thought I was sort of weird wanting to be tied up to screw. That’s the problem I’ve got. I pretty much just tie myself up with rope and zip ties for the most part. It’s hard finding guys like you that understand me and my needs. That’s why I like you. You seem okay with my weird kink.”

“Yes, I love your kink, and want to keep you tied up as much as you can stand! By the way, you said it’s hard, well, no shit, after your story it's very hard… How about I show you?”

Roxy just smiled and said, “Tighter!”

Maybe I will tell you about the crotchless jeans and the motorcycle ride to remember in the next part. It seems Roxy likes to ride the Sportster and she wears those jeans when we go riding. She likes sitting in front of me, arms tied to her sides, when I drive. She sits forward so her clit is pressed right up against the fuel tank crease. That old Harley had just the right vibes. She orgasms almost continuously as we ride. Well, that’s another story.
