---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Special Delivery 4: More Challenges'
authors:
- rbbral
tags:
- M-f
- D-s
- solo-f
- latex
- costume
- bdsm
- vacbed
- sleepsack
- toys
- enema
- oral
- anal
- mast
- con-reluct
- X
date: 2006-02-15 00:00:00
---

continued from [part 3](special_delivery3.html)

**Chapter 4: More Challenges**

At nine she was woken by his voice.

“Twelve hours sleep, Latexa, I trust you are ready for today’s adventures,
after you did so well yesterday, well with one indiscretion, which I feel
sure you will not repeat. All your mornings will begin the same way. I
like routine and more to the point you will, eventually, get used to it
and consider it as normal. So nurse will be down shortly for your enema
and then you will have your run on the treadmill, so hurry up, she needs
you naked and masked.”

She groaned and dragged herself out from the latex sheets, pulled off
the teddy and damp panties and took her shower, brushing her teeth at the
same time – didn’t want to be late for nurse! Her arse was still a little
sore from the paddling. But otherwise she felt not too bad. No sooner had
she pulled on a shiny white latex mask with red trim at eyes and mouth
(nothing like a change of clothes to perk you up) than nurse came in, dressed
the same as yesterday.

The obeisance and routine of the day before was repeated almost identically.
However the administering the enema, as they laid on the bed waiting for
it to take full effect this time in the spoon position, with the nurse
behind her. During the half hour she gently laid one hand on her head and
the other was free to fondle her breasts and ringed nipples. A couple of
times her hand strayed down to her pussy and played with her labial rings.
She did not fight this, for there would be no reward in that, but deep
down she knew that she did not dislike this attention either, which took
her mind away from the pain in her stomach. This didn’t mean she was turning
into a lesbian, she assured herself, more that she needed some comfort
when it was offered.

Half an hour the nurse was gone and she was empty and showered again.
She took two large glasses of juice, for she would sweat like a pig on
the running machine. Then she selected her clothes. She strapped on a bright
green sports bra with cross straps at the back, which held and separated
her breasts nicely, and after copious powdering, a pair of brilliant yellow
tights, or leggings really, for she didn’t want all her sweat, and other
juices, to collect at her feet. Then she drew on a matching bright green
mask with eye, nose and mouth holes. This wouldn’t help her much as she
knew she would be wearing the gasmask and aroma casket. But she wanted
to make a good first impression with her captor and try to earn some trust.
She was admiring her body in the mirror while doing her exercises when
she heard his voice behind her, and she almost jumped in the air.

“Excellent, Latexa; practical and very attractive too. Now show your
submission”. He was dressed as yesterday and as he opened his cloak she
dropped to her knees and he pulled her head to his groin. He was hard again
and she nuzzled and licked his rubber-covered cock for two or three minutes.
Then he pulled back the cape and motioned her to step on the machine, then
attached her waistband. He took another mask from the drawer and she lowered
her head. Just before he slipped it over her head she saw…... too late!

“Yes, Latexa, a little variation on this one, as you have just found
out this one has a rubber cock in it, not too big but enough to stifle
any chit chat.”

He zipped it down her head. “You will find that there is
a hole through it, so you can still breathe by mouth and nose – rubber
perfumed air of course.” He attached the corrugated tube to the mask and
she began to breathe in through nose and mouth, adjusting to the tangy
rubber gag.

“Let’s see, you did so well yesterday, I will increase the distance
to say 7 miles and let’s say 50 minutes. I can tell you are a real athlete
and I have been underestimating you and you are much better dressed for
it today. So, all co-ordinates in, off you go.” In her mind she knew she
could do the time and distance as she had before but, again, the rubber
air and the tight mask would be factors to contend with.  He again
settled down in front of her, cape wrapped over his groin as she worked
up some speed and sweat.

Fifty minutes later she was bending over by the machine searching for
air. The gasmask was now off and he stood by her, admiring her strong back
and muscled legs.

“I see I am going to have to increase your labours, Latexa, you seem
to thrive on my challenges! Well done, now go and shower and rest and I
will go away and have to re-arrange some of my plans for you.” On the one
hand she was proud that she had succeeded and proven her worth, but all
this seemed to mean was that she would be punished more. It was a strange
Catch 22, but she knew that if she failed or took it easy then she would
not gain any of his respect. And, more to the point, she had her own self-respect
– she was not going to be beaten – simple as that!

Quickly she stripped off her running gear and cleaned it, then showered,
again, and selected a loose fitting one piece “jump suit”, with elasticised
waist, wrists and ankles, all in thin sky blue latex. It was very comfortable
for moving about the quarters. She made some lunch and tried to relax,
waiting for the next call. At around 1-o-clock it came.

“Refreshed, I hope Latexa? I will down in 15 minutes, there is a schoolgirl’s
uniform in the closet, a common fantasy costume for us fetishists. Be in
it when I arrive.’ And that was it, very short. She thought she was in
for more punishment due to his tone, but nonetheless stripped out of the
loose suit and powdered herself. The schoolgirl costume was indeed a fetish
parody! She pulled on knee length white socks, and then drew up thick blue
latex knickers, waist high with elasticised holes for her legs. They were
quite loose fitting, not like bloomers, but they did remind her of her
own uniform when she must have been in her teens at school. She recalled
that the older girls used to call them passion killers as they were made
of thick blue serge cotton, Certainly they were not very flattering and
it would have been hard to get at anything underneath!

Next she put on
a dark blue latex bra to match her knickers. Her breasts were now pushed
out and this of course was the whole point of the parody. She was a fully-grown
woman dressed like a naughty schoolgirl, who, she thought would no doubt
be chastised later. She selected a mask, which she thought would compliment
the uniform, full head with no zip in bright white with eye, nose and mouth
holes and with red outline at her lips. She quite liked the anonymity of
the masks now.

The shirt was plain white with press-studs down the front, loose sleeves
and thicker collar and cuffs. There was a red and yellow striped tie and
she tied it round her neck, folding the thick collar down. The skirt was
dark blue and was only to mid thigh. The rubber had been folded over and
sealed to give a good impression of pleats. She tucked her shirt in and
slipped into a pair of shiny patent leather slippers. She was ready, all
she needed was a satchel or a sticky chocolate bar and the bizarre vision
would be complete.

If it wasn’t for her athletic body and firm breasts pushing out the
shirt it would all look quite normal, but of course it did not look normal.
It wasn’t that he liked schoolgirls, she thought, just full-grown women
dressed as them. This did not faze her, she liked dressing up before sex,
it gave it a little extra. She had never gone to this extent of course.
She pouted in front of the mirror, knees together and pigeon toed when
she heard his voice; he’d sneaked up on her again.

“So here’s my naughty girl, ready for her punishment, come, we’ll go
into the punishment room.” She led him through, head bowed and he impishly
slapped her bottom. She yelped and speeded up. He was dressed in a white
catsuit with full hood, red knee length boots and a red cape to his knees.
She could not help but admire his slim, muscled body, and the bulge at
his groin under the zip! Physically he was a hunk but it was his mind she
had to get to.

She knew she was going to get a spanking when he lead her to the “n”
shaped padded bench and she lent over the horizontal bar and stretched
her legs wide to the two supporting posts. There were two cuffs near the
foot of each post, one for ankles and one for wrists, the wrist ones being
about a foot off the floor. After he had fastened her down, her legs were
now three feet wide and she was bent over, her head two feet off the floor.
All she could see were his boots behind her and then he was out of vision
only to return with a thick paddle.

“I am not going to gag you Latexa, but should you make any noise, you
will be. Now what do good schoolgirls do, they learn to count, and that
is what you will do now. I want you to count each of the strokes I will
give you; there will be twenty of them, ten for each of those nice rubber
cheeks. The knickers you have on are quite thick so you should be able
to take it all right. Of course you have little option, do you?”

No, she
thought, I don’t, and gritted her teeth as he laid her short skirt over
her back and exposed her firm backside covered in the blue knickers. He
laid a hand on the small of her back and swung the paddle down hard on
her right cheek. There was an almighty crack, the sound amplified by the
rubber knickers, nonetheless Latexa let out a whoosh of air and counted
out.

“One!” Then there was another crack, this time on the left cheek.

“Two!” She shouted, drawing in air, and the paddling continued, Rubberman
methodically taking a wide swing. By the time she was gasping out “fifteen”
she was wriggling on the bar, and clenching her cheeks to assuage the pain.

“No moving, you naughty schoolgirl, or I will begin again!” He chuckled,
thoroughly enjoying himself. She clenched her teeth and endured the last
five, sweat now beading inside her mask. He stopped and sensuously massaged
her buttocks and she groaned in relief. He released her from the bench
and she stood up, a little wobbly, and demurely pulled down her skirt.

“Well done Latexa, you have survived another test. You know, every
success deserves a reward I think, for me of course, and for you too. So
here is your reward.” She held her breath as he sat down on a chair in
the corner with mirrors on either side of it. He signalled her to kneel
between his outstretched legs. Well, this could be interesting, she thought,
do I get to show off my new-found skills?

“I am wearing thick rubber pants under my suit, with a prosthesis into
which I have put my cock, which after seeing your fabulous arse is rock
hard.” He unzipped and withdrew his erect cock, coated in a shiny black
rubber casing. Yes, she thought, he really is big!

“Now I’m not going to make it all fun for you so here is the deal.
You have 5 minutes to make me come. Easy, you may think, well, we will
see, because the prosthesis is quite thick and I am a little desensitized,
so you will have to work hard, but then you like a challenge. So off you
go, should you fail I have another suitable punishment for you.”

With her hands clasped behind her back she leant forward and took the
end of the black cock in her mouth. It was warm and slightly pungent and
she could just feel his veins on her tongue. She sucked him into her mouth
and rolled her tongue around his base. He was a good size all right, and
the rubber made him even bigger. She was working up a rhythm now; she glanced
to the side and saw herself in the mirror, a most bizarre sight. A mature
woman dressed in a schoolgirl’s uniform and white mask performing vigorous
fellatio on a white rubber encased man with a large black rubber cock.
Well, you have come down a strange road, my dear, in the last 10 days,
she thought.

After three minutes she began to realize that she had been conned.
Due to the thickness of the rubber she was making little headway (!) in
making him come. She even gripped him, gently, between her teeth and ran
them up and down the shaft, but while he sat back and began to breathe
heavily she failed to get him to come. Her head bobbed faster and she sucked
harder but to no avail, and when he told her time was up, she sat back
on her haunches, actually disappointed with herself.

“A valiant effort Latexa, but you have failed, I have to admit that
I cheated a bit, but then I am the one who can make up the rules. It was
a splendid 10 minutes for me, seeing your head bobbing down there, and
your warm mouth working away, I have to say you are really very proficient.
Maybe in the future I will make the contest a little fairer. Now the punishment
is you lie on my lap here, let me put my cock away first, and I give you
a good hand spanking, so much more arousing, hand on backside. Now I don’t
want any yelping or comments so maybe you would like a gag to bite down
on, better than grinding down your teeth, what do you say?” She knew this
would hurt her already tender bum and it would give her a chance to really
scream into the gag so, surprising herself somewhat, she nodded.

“Good idea, now you can go and select one for yourself.” She went to
her quarters and returned with a large red rubber ball on a thick rubber
strap that separated at the back into two, one to go over the crown and
one above neck. She handed it to him and knelt down, opening her mouth
as wide as she could.

“You really are getting the hang of this, Latexa, excellent choice,
you will be able to have a good scream with this crammed in here.” He firmly
pressed the ball into her mouth, looking into her eyes, smiling down at
her, she lowered her head and he pulled the tight straps over her masked
head. It was a tight fit and he adjusted them as they drew the ball back
further into her mouth. He patted his thigh and she leant over his thighs
and tried to get as comfortable as possible, considering the undignified
position she was in. She managed to get some balance as he placed one hand
on her back, at the same time drawing his cape around her head. Pulling
up her skirt he began a leisurely spanking on her rubber knickered bottom.

After each strike his hand remained and gently fondled her tight globes
and she at first yelped into her gag and then began to moan. After maybe
a dozen slaps she felt a hand slip under her elasticised knickers and then
a thumb press her sphincter and a middle finger ease between her lips and
rub her clitoris. She moaned and closed her eyes as a warm glow, not just
from her backside, passed over her. Oh God, he can play me like a violin,
she thought and then started to shake as an orgasm swept over her.

“There, I told you would get a reward eventually, and it didn’t take
much from me to do it either. You really are a hot one Latexa.” He slapped
her several more times and played with her arse and pussy and she came
again, the pain and the pleasure mending into one. She knew exactly what
he was doing, making her associate pleasure with the pain, and she could
do nothing about it. Her body was betraying her, she was wet and excited
and in pain and she didn’t want him to stop! She felt him lower her knickers,
oh she was so wet, raise her up, and at the same time she heard him unzip
his crotch.

“Here’s another reward for you, Latexa.” He whispered, and she was
almost in a daze as he raised her up. Oh no, not now, you can’t do this
now, I’m too tight for it, she thought, but she felt him smear some of
her juices on the cock underneath her, and smooth some over her sphincter.
Her legs were now outside his thighs and he raised her, one arm around
her waist and one around her breasts and allowed her weight to gradually
impale herself on his rubber cock. She didn’t want this to happen now and
yet she was so hot. She wailed into her gag and bit down hard as she slowly
descended onto him. Once the head was past her tight hole there was nothing
to stop him and very soon he was buried in her, by how much? Seven inches,
oh God, he is going to split me, she thought, but no, he raised and lowered
her gently while fondling a breast and pinching a nipple.

Again she experienced pain and pleasure in equal doses. Shortly she
was snorting in the gag, saliva coming down her chin as she began to ride
him. She would make him come this time – oh yes! She gripped the sides
of his cape and pulled them to her, he would have problems getting her
off him now; she chuckled to herself. And then she felt him shudder and
a groan came from behind her. They sat like that for a minute as his erection
subsided, then she carefully stood up, her arse was sore all right, she
pulled up her panties and knelt in front of him as he zipped up. He was
panting and she could see a strange smile on his face. He leant down and
eases the gag straps over her head and let her spit it out.

“Well Latexa, labours and rewards, pain and pleasure. You are now getting
to see the life that I have planned for you. Thank you for that interlude,
it was just sublime. And I do genuinely hope you enjoyed it as much as
I did. Now you and I both need a rest and I think I have the ideal spot
for you. Get out of those clothes and clean them and put them away for
another day, you naughty schoolgirl, and be back here in an hour for your
rest.”

She half walked, half staggered back to her bedroom, and undressed,
the insides of them soaked in her sweat, and other juices. She peered at
her arse in the mirror; it was bright red and very tender. It throbbed,
and so did her bum-hole, not surprisingly. She took care of the clothes;
she had quite enjoyed the naughty costume. She aimed the cool shower at
her arse, which seemed to do the job. Feeling a lot better she put on her
now familiar transparent mask and then applied lipstick and eye shadow. 
Again she was half disguised but surely he must notice her physical appearance.

He was standing by the whipping post when she returned and knelt in
front of him. He was dressed as before so his cock must still be in it’s
cum filled tube. He handed her two flexible earplugs and she made to put
them in her ears.

“No, not in there, in your nostrils.” She looked at him strangely but
squeezed them into her nostrils and they expanded immediately and were
very effective. He moved to the vacuum bed.

“Come here Latexa, I thought as you were tired you might like to lie
down for a while. Maybe four hours in here will be sufficient rest.” God,
she thought, four hours in there. He had already unzipped the opening at
the side, and held it open, smiling.

“Crawl in, I suggest head first and you will have to find the breathing
tube quite fast as the air is quite limited in there. Come on, in you get.”

She poked her head into the transparent rubber. The aroma was very strong.
The bag was quite tight as she squeezed her body and arms in and slid to
the centre on her back. As soon as her legs were in he zipped her shut.
She was now trapped in an airtight bag, and she hadn’t got to the air hole
yet. She finally grasped the 1-inch tube in her mouth and gasped for air.
She wedged her teeth around the recesses at the base of the tube and was
more comfortable. The bag was so transparent that she could see out, though
a little blurred. She was still able to move in the bag, but not for long,
as he switched on the vacuum and the air was quickly sucked out.

The rubber began to squeeze into her every crevice. She wished that
she had closed her legs but now it was too late, they were wide open and
the rubber, under the pressure of the vacuum, was creeping into her crack
and pussy lips. The pressure was unyielding and flattened her breasts. 
Her nose was squashed down despite being supported by the plugs. She was
thankful for the breathing tube, firmly embedded in her mouth. She could
still see out although the rubber film touched her eyes, the rubber had
contracted so quickly that she had not thought to close her eyes as she
was shrink wrapped and now she was barely able to close them. It was very
disorientating at first; the rubber clung to every pore. Cocooned like
a living statue, she couldn’t move an inch, but only breathe!  Then
she felt his hands on her! He fondled and pinched her breasts; he pressed
a finger along her crack. She groaned through the tube, aaahhh was all
she could say. He leaned over her.

“Four hours should be plenty of rest, Latexa. But I will make it more
interesting by turning you on the spit! One hour horizontal, then one hour
vertical, then one hour vertical backwards, that should keep you alert.
Can’t have you dozing off.” With that he released the rods at head and
feet and started the motor. She slowly started to turn on a vertical axis.
One minute she was looking at the ceiling through a haze, the next minute
the floor and so on. She screamed, but only an aaahhh came out. That was
a lot of good! And then he got up and walked out on her, leaving to turn
on her axis, unable to move a muscle.

The minutes drifted on, the vacuum stuck to her like a skin even when
she was upside down she didn’t move an inch. She tried to calm herself
and breathe evenly and time drifted on. After an hour he returned and stopped
the machine. Then he played with her for a while, pushing the flexible
latex between her pussy lips and into her arse crack. Then he pinched her
flattened nipples and she screamed at him to “fuck off” which came out
as aahh, aahh, very literate, she thought. He then smiled and changed her
axis to a horizontal one, and she began to turn as if on a spit.

This went on for four hours, Rubberman returning at intervals to tease
and squeeze her, fondle and pinch her and caress her. By the end she was
weak, dizzy and sweaty so slipping around in her own sweat in the end she
was able to move very marginally. He peered down at her, pressing a palm
on her brow and touching her cheek.

“Well you have probably had enough rest, eh?” He knew full well that
she had not rested, that she had been in a state of constant disorientation
and, she had to admit, occasional stimulation. He released the vacuum and
air gradually seeped in. she slipped and slithered in the cocoon as he
unzipped the side. She slipped her feet to the exit and poked her feet
out but she didn’t have the strength to push herself any further, he tut
tutted and grabbed her ankles and pulled her out. She emerged like a baby
from the womb, which she supposed she was, glistening from head to foot.
She was unable to stand and leant against the bed, gathering her senses.
He admired her well-muscled body as she gained her bearings.

 “I’ll leave you for two hours Latexa. However you are going to
be busy. I want the bed dried out inside, use a dry cloth and wipe down
anything you may have left inside! You can then use a hair dryer for 5
minutes or so. Then wash and change, for I have decided I will dine with
you tonight! You can put a meal on for me tonight, here. The choice I will
leave to you, but you will suitably attired, you will serve me, so I require
you dressed as a little French serving maid! You will find the latex uniform
in the closet. You can pick your own underwear and mask but choose well
for I will be inspecting every inch of you!”

She felt her spirits rise; now at least he would be treating her as
part human! As he began to leave she followed him and knelt down, looking
up at him, wishing to say something.

“Yes, Latexa, you wish to say something.”

“Yes, Rubberman, I want to thank you for allowing me to eat with you.
The...er…company I would appreciate. I will not disappoint you.”

“You have most certainly not done that. You have been here 48 hours
since you were delivered and you have come a long way. I am not at all
disappointed. I expected some truculence, but your sexual gratification
on the horse and your performance as the schoolgirl were quite excellent.
You also take a good paddling.”

He turned to the door and punched in the
five figure code and left. She smiled as she returned to the torture chamber
and started to clean the vacuum bag. She slipped inside and the air was
humid as she slithered around pressing her body against the slippery surface
while wiping it down. She was in a chirpy mood because she had seen him
punch in the first two numbers of the code. She was sure of it, a four and
a nine. Not bad in 48 hours. It gave her hope and any glimmer was worth
cherishing.

She slipped off her transparent mask and showered quickly, there was
much to do. She wanted to do something special and if he appreciated the
effort she went to, maybe he would let his defences down a bit. Her arse
still felt sore after the anal hammering she had received but generally
she felt good, if a little tired. Lots of orgasms will do that to you!
She quickly powdered herself and took the clothes she wanted out of the
closets. She was very clear in her mind about what to wear; about what
she liked (yes, she did like some of it, and how it flattered her body,
and how it made her feel) and hopefully what he liked as well.

First came
a black bra with peepholes, and she pushed her nipples through, a ring
hanging from each one. Next was black rubber basque with attached suspenders.
It had front lacing and breast cups pushing her rubber encased breasts
further out. She took a while pulling in the laces, and then gently drew
shiny black stockings up her legs and enjoyed their firm caress as she
attached them to the suspenders. Then came shoulder length black latex
gloves, and to offset all the black she chose off-white panties with rows
of frills at the front and back. They were tight against her pussy and
bum and she briefly ran her finger down her vaginal lips, God, she was
already damp down there.

She stepped into the tarty maid’s black uniform, it had a high neck
and there were white frills at neck, wrists and hem. The dress was short,
to barely below her bum, so he would get a good flash of her stocking tops
when she bent over. She wrapped a cute white pinafore round her waist and
stepped into a pair of five inch black pumps. Now she was the classic French
maid and she had to admit she felt horny. Over the next hour she prepared
the meal and laid the table. It was simple meal but she did take some pride
in her culinary talents. She lit some candles, their relationship was hardly
romantic, but it was a nice touch, and might help in weakening his resolve.
She brought out the single malt whiskey and took a good gulp for a bit
of Dutch courage, and then placed a bottle of champagne on the table. She
wasn’t paying for it so she might as well use it.

She went to the bathroom and slowly pulled on a tight black rubber
mask with eye, nose and mouth holes edged in white. In white letters on
the brow of the mask was the word “rubbermaid”, as did the white pinafore
in black letters. No confusion there! She painted her lips a bright vermilion
and sat down with her drink to wait for him. Christ, she felt odd, almost
nervous as if on a first date, yet she did wish to please him, for different
reasons.

A week ago, she would have been ashamed to wear this gear, but now,
in mask, dress, stockings, gloves and frilly panties in shiny rubber, she
felt no embarrassment. She felt sexy, and her wet panties were testimony
to that! But yes, she also felt nervous, waiting for the man who had paddled
her, mummified her in a vacuum bed and then rammed his cock up her arse!
And she had in turn given him a blowjob! But if the meal went well and
she gained his confidence then maybe her chances of escape would improve.
She thumbed a fetish magazine, and now was not shocked at the images.

She
felt the warmth build up in her costume, and under her mask her skin was
becoming damp already. She found the mask almost reassuring; with its anonymity
she would play the role of saucy French maid, coquettish and perhaps a
little flirty. But not too much, she would have to judge the mood of the
evening. She heard him at the door. She pulled down her very short skirt,
picked up the tray with his whiskey, approached him and knelt down.

“Latexa, how nice, and you do look quite stunning in you maid’s uniform.
You may stand.” He helped her up, took the drink and circled her, apparently
approving. She stood to attention, swaying a little on her high heels.
He lifted the skirt at the front and fingered the frilly panties.

“Mmmm, good choice, offsetting the black with the white knickers, you
have a good sense of complimenting the latex, although you probably wouldn’t
admit it right now.” She thought about that and probably would admit it,
she took some sense of pride in selecting the outfit. She moaned quietly
as he pressed his finger into her panties. Now she was wet!

“Do you like that, Latexa, you seem just a little damp down there.”
He chuckled.

“Yes, I do, how can I deny it. You seem to know how to press my buttons.”

“Maybe, or maybe it is the latex, maybe you are a closet fetishist
and you don’t even know it. When do we eat, I am hungry. Come, sit here.”
He patted the couch and she sat next to him, gulping another mouthful of
whiskey, a bit fearful of the next move. But he simply sipped his drink,
while she said dinner would be 10 minutes. She told him what it was and
he nodded. There was little conversation; she would allow him to lead.
She admired his costume and he caught her eye looking at him, but he just
smiled. She still felt nervous, the setting was more conventional, sitting
waiting for dinner rather than him slapping her bottom bright red over
his knee!

He had a red catsuit, a black corset (!) that he didn’t need, black
thigh boots with high heels and a hip length cape. Over his head was a
red and black patterned mask. She had to admit he looked kind of sexy in
an “avenging angel” sort of way. The corset was only eight inches high
but held his narrow waist in well. She saw that he had a hard on again,
was it her effect on him or the rubber? Probably it was the rubber, although
she hoped a bit of her as well.

“You are not drinking now, don’t you like the whiskey? I will get you
something else if you wish.”

“No, no it’s excellent, I had a good hit before you came. I just didn’t
know if I was to be allowed to… in your presence I mean.” She tried to sound
as deferential as possible and he seemed to take the bait.

“Have anything you want, I am not going to starve you of the simple
pleasures. I want to enhance them, and mine of course.” She got up and
tottered to the kitchen, the short maid’s dress swinging at her hips and
barely covering her stocking tops. She didn’t turn around but could sense
his eyes on her. She returned and topped them up. He looked across at the
magazine she’d been perusing and picked it up.

“Pretty strange stuff, eh? You must find it quite shocking, all these
weird sexual predilections.”

“Why should I? If it is two, or more than two, consenting adults then
why should I be upset? I am no prude but then I am not consenting and that
is the difference. I have been abducted, depilated, pierced and plugged
– in all holes. I’ve been force-fed, gagged, enema’d and transported like
meat. Not exactly consenting, is it?”

“Quite the speech, and all true, I don’t deny it. But your life has
not been in danger, and you have all the comforts here, except freedom
of movement and choice. Some people living in desperate poverty might consider
you lucky. So might you, some day, you might think all this sexual play
acting is a lot of fun.”

She wasn’t going to argue so she got up and brought the food to the
table, while he opened the champagne. They ate in relative silence, he
complimenting her on the food, she grudgingly accepting.

“So was today as terrible as you anticipated. I was very impressed
with your…. fortitude?”

“I didn’t know what to expect Rubberman, three days in a crate and
then the nurse, and the run, and the horse, well that was my fault. But
in that crate, with a tube down my throat, a dildo up my arse and a catheter
up inside me. Well, that gave me an inkling of what to expect in the future.”

“Yes, but that is over now, we had to take precaution now you are here
and I can see you are settling in well.”

She ignored his comment and, stopping
eating, said. “Tell me, Rubberman, why do not wish to know anything about me; name,
age, profession, education, likes and dislikes. Wouldn’t it give you an
extra charge to know that you have a living, breathing human being entirely
reliant on you, a slave to your wishes and desires?”

“I know that already, Latexa. I realize you are a living human being
with your own mind. But I get a kick out of knowing you were once that,
and now you are living rubber doll, who will do everything I demand of
her!” Great, she thought, I’ll try another tack.

“What about you, Rubberman, do you mind if I ask questions of you?”
She hoped she wasn’t pushing it. “You won’t tell me your name of course
but, well, say your age. I’ll tell you mine if you will tell me yours.”
Come on, she thought, give me something.

“That is not important, Latexa, I’m as old as you want, or as young.”
He was playing with her now.

“Okay, well you look young; you have a very fine… body, if I may say.
Do I turn you on, Rubberman?”

“Oh yes, Latexa, very much, it is your rubber clothes and your rubber
mask that I love. I’m sorry, but I do not think of the person underneath.
You have a wonderful body, and latex brings out the best of you. Don’t
get upset, but under the mask I am not really concerned about you.”

“I may be beautiful, you never know, aren’t you just a little interested?”
She did feel a little offended although maybe she was beginning to understand
his obsessions. She tried another angle.

“This latex, yes, I admit that it is flattering to my body. Some of
the clothes I…. enjoy wearing. Maybe you are right, maybe I am a closet
fetishist.” She laughed, trying to lighten the atmosphere. “So yes, I suppose
I can get used to that quick enough, but the gagging, the enemas, the dildos
and the vacuum bag. Well I can’t say I am so comfortable with that…. yet
anyway.”

“I admire your frankness, Latexa, I don’t expect you to enjoy the more
the more painful or intrusive aspects of your training. At least, not straight
away, maybe you will soon though, or maybe not, but I enjoy it, therefore
it will continue with it whether you like it or not you are “comfortable”
with it. You are not here for your comfort, although I believe I am making
it as comfortable as possible; you are here to please me and my… aberrations,
if you will. So it will continue; enemas, paddlings and gaggings most certainly.
There is something supremely sexual about the silencing of a young vibrant
woman such as you. Your bum and pussy will get all kind of intruders, I
assure you. And your orgasms, you will have many of them, all associated
with this wonderful material, and with your abuse?”

“So you are telling me you are not interested in me as a person, but
as a thing to dress up and poke and play with. I’ve had a personality lobotomy!”

He chuckled at her description.

“Pretty well I suppose. Do you think we will fall in love or something
like that, Latexa? That’s really not my aim. If you want to harbour false
hopes of escape, then that is fine with me, but it seems a little naïve,
considering your current position. You probably don’t hate me at present;
you just don’t understand me, am I right? Well don’t waste the effort,
just concentrate on trying to please me and get as much pleasure as you
can get in return.”

She cleared the table; a little disappointed at his
comments.

“Some dessert, Rubberman?” She asked standing to attention, her body
now damp under her uniform.

“Yes, and put your plate on the floor here, you won’t need your fork.”
He pointed to the floor in front of him. “Now on your hands and knees and
lap it up.”

Well, so much for making headway, she thought, as she sat on
her haunches, her arse in the air and the skirt raised and showing her
panties, stuck to her wet bum. She lapped and chewed at the fruit salad
and cream.

This was so much fun, he thought as looked down at her, then he leant
over and slapped her tight rubber bottom hard. “Wipe yourself off and clean
up, I will be on the couch when you are finished.” He got up and walked
past her, without a glance back. Ten minutes later she returned.

“Come closer and raise your dress. Closer. Now close your eyes.”

She
stood a foot from his face and raised her dress, exposing her
frilly panties. Is he going to screw me? Not likely, as she felt his fingers
pinch her ringed labia, pushing her lips apart and finding her bud. Then
his hand was between her legs and his finger was pressing on her sphincter,
and on her legs, squeezing her obsidian pillars. It went on for ten minutes
and not once did he touch her skin, but she was now hot and, with eyes
clenched shut, her breathing had become erratic. Sweat was trapped in her
mask and she wobbled on her heels. Her body was betraying her again; she
wanted to be screwed, and now, she wanted his big hard cock inside her
wet pussy or her mouth, hell, even her arse! She was on the edge, but then
he moved to a different zone, he was playing with her. He was her master,
and she was the pupil. Finally with his thumb pressing in on her bum-hole
and two fingers inside her pussy, both being massaged through the latex,
she came in a shuddering crescendo. She screamed as her whole body trembled.

“Ahh ahh, nngg nngg,” was all she could utter. He released her and
she fell on the couch beside him. How could he do that to her? She’d never
experienced anything like that before, and she hadn’t even been fucked;
he’d just used his fingers on her. He seemed to know all her secrets.

“There will be many more like that, Latexa, if you behave as I order.
Is that so terrible a life?”

Right now she thought not, but it depended on what else he had in store
for her. Stupidly, she thought right now I am in love with him, and he
didn’t even screw me, but he can give me more carnal pleasure than I can
imagine.

He looked down at her, sated, like a fallen angel. Yes, he could fall
in love with this woman, well, this living doll! But he could not tell
her that now. He was happy for the present to keep his anonymity, but he
was starting to become very intrigued what this woman may look like. On
the other hand he didn’t want to break the spell he had created, she was
his plaything, his doll, his sex toy.

“Bedtime now. Go and take off all your clothes, dust them and put them
away and then return to me masked and naked. You have 20 minutes.”

She
wobbled away, still a little dizzy and disbelieving that he could be so
aloof, not showing any inner feelings. She stripped and washed everything,
then brushed her teeth. She found a mask that she thought was a little
daring but she wanted to take back some of the initiative again. It was
of black latex with a full head covering but a small triangular portion
of the face cut out. It extended from the eyebrows and down to her nose,
her mouth being covered. It exposed some of her face, which she realized
may make him angry but she would try it and see. Dangling from the side
was a large padded blindfold, which when attached to the snap fastening
on the other side would cover her eyes and leave only her nose exposed.

She hoped he would be impressed by her willingness to be subjected
to such an occlusive hood. If her nasal passages got clogged then she could
be in real trouble but she was prepared to take the risk. By opening her
mouth she could get some air in from the opening. On the inside was a small
stubby rubber gag. It was in the shape of a cock, but was not large enough
to trouble her; it would be a constant reminder however! She was sure he
would be impressed. She pulled it down hard over her head and opened her
mouth to accept the small cock. Because of the hood’s tightness there was
small opportunity for her to push or suck on it; it was well embedded but
she could breathe easily. In the mirror she could see just her two bright
blue eyes and nose. She entered the lounge and was relieved to see that
he was indeed impressed as he stood and inspected her.

“Well well, Latexa, you are full of surprises, I know that hood, it’s
a tight one and you have a cock in your mouth too. That’s very brave for
eight hours. But I am not one to stop you. Normally, in our community we
don’t allow a slave to be gagged overnight, but I think tonight I will
make an exception. I have a microphone by your bed and if you get into
difficulties then I will come down. You must have anticipated me for I
plan to plug your other orifices for the night. Nothing too big of course.”

Too late now to back out, she thought, and she stepped into a black
leotard he was holding open for her. Inside were two greased probes and
he stepped back to allow her to push first the front one in her, and then
with some firm pushing and a little mmmfffing, the rear one. Her sphincter
muscle was however clearly loosening, she noted. Once over her waist he
pulled up the sides and she pushed her arms through the shoulder straps.
He zipped it up to the high neck. She felt small nodules on the inside
of the bra section brush against her nipples. With the plugs inside her,
every movement would touch off a reaction.

All night she would be kept
in a state of permanent sexual arousal. This man was amazing; there was
no respite from him. From the bed he held up a thick rubber sack. She stepped
into it, her breathing ragged as the nodules started to work on her nipples
and the plugs on her lower regions. He zipped up the back and attached
a padlock to two D rings. Now she was truly imprisoned. There was plenty
of movement in the sack but she was going nowhere. She could touch herself
and roll around but that was all. She lay down on her back on the bed,
staring mutely up at him, amazed at his ability to push all her buttons,
yet despising him for turning her into exactly what he said he would make
her, a sex toy, a living rubber doll!

“It’s been a wonderful day, Latexa, I hope you have enjoyed at least
some of it. I think you did. We have many more days, weeks and months ahead,
with many orgasms to go, my rubber doll. Tomorrow I have lots more training
for you, so sleep well and don’t wear yourself out with too many orgasms.”
He laughed and leant over and kissed her on her rubber filled mouth, then
her forehead. Taking the blindfold he drew it across her face and she was
plunged into stygian darkness as he snapped it to the side of her head.
All that was exposed was her nose sticking out, the remainder wrapped in
rubber.

She heard him leave, and she settled into what she hoped would be a
restful night, but was well aware of all the intruders in her orifices.
Christ, she thought it had been an incredible 48 hours. Frankly, she was
well aware that she had experienced more sexual gratification in this period
than just about in her whole previous life. She tried hard to hate this
man, for what he was turning her into, but as she felt the rumblings in
her core as the plugs worked within her, she had great difficulty doing
so. She was an imprisoned, captive sex slave, and yet she had no fear now.
Sure, she intended to escape, to live on her terms with some rubber involved,
that would be fun, but she did need a man to share it with, a man who knew
the ropes!

Upstairs, he was bathing in what had been an incredible day. She was
already conceding that she liked rubber and she was extremely sexually
aware and mature. Yet she still had some fight in her, in short she was
perfect! He would shorten and intensify her training. Three, maybe four
more days and she would be his obedient rubber slave. He stripped off,
showered and was asleep as soon as his head hit the bed. However, her sleep
was more fitful. She sucked on the cock and rolled around on the bed, but
did manage to sleep despite some strange and torrid dreams.

He awoke early, shaved and showered, ate quickly and dressed as nurse
again – stockings, corset, frilly panties, mask and tunic. Although strictly
heterosexual he had a strong transvestite streak in him, not for “normal”
women’s clothing but only for latex. After pulling on the white mask he
applied rich red lipstick and descended to her quarters. She seemed to
be still asleep, breathing slowly through her nose. He put on his surgical
mask, apron and gloves then pulled off her blindfold. She woke and blinked
as she saw his masked face – so it was enema time again! She stretched
in her sack and recalled her fitful sleep, with both her pussy and arse
snugly moist around the invaders. The gag and the blindfold she had actually
found comforting, as was the sack – a return to the womb, perhaps. 
She had tried to pull the leotard down from her crotch but the fit was
so tight that the plugs just slipped back inside her.

The nurse unlocked the sack and she rolled out and sat, mute, on the
side of the bed. She noticed a large volume of water in the bag, her sweat;
she smelt it mingled with the rubber aroma. In the last couple of days
she couldn’t believe the amount of sweat she had done. They then proceeded
through a similar but slightly different routine, the nurse first pulling
down her leotard and the two plugs emerging from her insides, glistening
with her inner juices. She pointed to her mask as if to say please take
this off, but the nurse indicated no. There were no tantrums but Latexa
just gave her a dirty look. She realized as she knelt with her forearms
on the bed, her arse in the air, just how much her arse had been stretched
when the nurse slid in the enema tube with almost no resistance.

The warm water seeped in like a fog and as she retained her embarrassing
posture of arse in air, legs wide and head on forearms, the nurse massaged
her backside, thighs and stomach. Then the nurse’s hand moved down and
flicked her clitoris and pressed further into her love canal. She gasped
and pleaded with her eyes as she looked back but to no avail. The water
continued to flow in and the white mask peered down, without emotion, as
she plundered the patient. Very soon the bag was empty and she was full,
her stomach distended but not as sore as yesterday. The nurse withdrew
the nozzle and easily pushed in the butt plug, her sphincter offering only
token resistance and then gripping the plug’s narrower neck. She couldn’t
expel it now without using her hands. She lay foetal on the bed and the
nurse, after dumping everything in the bath for cleaning, lay down behind
her and cradled her aching body. Was this nurse a lesbian? Well she didn’t
really care, as she needed a bit of comfort against the dull pain. After
20 minutes the nurse got up and left, after pressing her mask against her
rubber-covered mouth. She now knew the routine and went to the bathroom
and washed and powdered the clothes, then showered and ate a big breakfast
– she didn’t know when the next meal would be.

To await his call, she wore a pair of black rubber tights and a black
bra, with a loose fitting red tank top over it. They looked like normal
house “scrubs” except they were all in rubber. She wore no mask, she would
await his call, and she decided to apply full make-up as a treat. She lounged
around the cell, feeling a little bored. Come on, she thought, let’s get
going here, and suddenly realised she was apparently looking forward to
her next test! She reined herself in and read a magazine, this one about
what they called “pony girls.” She’d heard about this vaguely, but this
magazine was heavy duty. The girl’s were all decked out in their equestrian
attire, mains sprouting from their headgear, high boots shaped like horse’s
hooves (!) tails sticking out of their backsides (she wondered how they
were kept in!) and reins attached to bits that they gripped between their
teeth. Being a horse rider, she was fascinated by the pictures. In the
past some of her men friends had joked about what a fine pony she would
make. She laughed at her naivety, was their sexual innuendo referring to
this, she thought? Anyway, it looked like a good workout, for they pulled
little buggies piloted by men (and women) dressed in leather and rubber.

The ponies seemed to be enjoying it, what was real and what fake, was
hard to tell. Maybe this is what Rubberman had in mind for her, when he
mentioned the term pony girl earlier. She thought it would be a good idea
to try and get out and see her surroundings, and figured this may be the
chance she could get. Would it be too pushy and show him these pictures
and ask if she could try and be a pony girl, would he suspect her real
intentions, she would have to make it convincing. She would probably get
whipped but she would at least be outside! She would maybe be able to plan
an escape route – she had to give it a go. She was a fighter and this was
a chance not too miss. She would ask him if she could be his pony girl!
Then she heard his voice.

“Good morning Latexa, nurse was pleased with you again today. You are
coming along well; today we will get you on the stairmaster. Be naked and
masked in 20 minutes and then we will select your clothes.”

Today, he was
in a relaxed mood, for all was going well. He chose a light blue loose
fitting jumpsuit with turtle neck and tight wrists and ankles. He put on
a pair of joggers and looked like any other runner – except he was in latex.
He decided on a light and dark blue full mask. Not too frightening for
her, but it would be a good day. When he entered her cell he was surprised
to see her not naked but wearing an attractive red tank top and black tights
and a fine red and black patterned mask. While she had disobeyed him, she
had clearly spent some time in selecting them in order to please him.

“Why are you not naked Latexa?  Are you wishing punishment so
early this morning?” He had to sound stern but she looked quite divine
kneeling in front of him.

“Punish me if you must, Rubberman, but please allow me to speak, for
I have a request.”

“Go ahead.” He was now intrigued.

“As you know, I enjoy exercise. Despite my captivity I would wish to
carry it on, with your consent. Like yesterday I’m sure you can devise
exercises to keep me in top shape and also provide you with pleasure. Would
you agree, Rubberman?”

“Yes, Latexa, you have a fine athletic body, which should be kept in
shape. What are you suggesting?”

“Well…. you see… I was reading one of the magazines; it was about pony
girls. Before you captured me I was a good rider, I was getting into dressage
and the strict formality of equestrian discipline, of horse and rider acting
as one. And I thought as I was looking at the pictures that…. well… I thought… it
would be good…. I know this sounds strange … but good exercise for me… being
a pony girl I mean.” She dried up, what a bizarre request; there was silence
for a minute, for he was thinking.

“Stand up, Latexa.” She did, arms behind back and legs spread, with
eyes facing forward.

“Let me get this straight, you want to become a pony girl – now?”

“Yes, for the exercise, the fresh air. I have not been outside in over
a week. Look…. am I a threat to you? Am I going to run away? Hardly, if
I am tethered and reined and bitted and attached to a buggy. You can use
your whip on me of course and where can I escape? I don’t know where we
are, even if there is a city close by. I’d look a bit strange running around
the country dressed in some of the garbs you have here. Look, please, you
would get your kicks putting me through the training. I would get real
fresh air, maybe some sun, and a chance to really stretch my legs. I can’t
believe I am requesting this. I must be going insane, completely mad but
this is what I want, and this is what I ask of you.”

“Well I don’t know quite what to say. No, you are not going crazy Latexa,
you have come a long way and experienced many things, and you will many
more. But do you know what you are asking? Really? I, like many fetishists,
like to play pony girl games – “equus eroticus” it is called and I have
a full costume and tack ready for you. But this is too early in your training.
The costume is very restrictive and will be uncomfortable, and I would
demand complete obedience – just like your dressage. You are not ready
yet. I had this planned weeks from now. Being a pony girl is a role for
an experienced submissive, and you have not attained that status yet. Besides,
it is a strange occurrence when slaves volunteer for such an extreme increase
in their training at such an early stage.”

“Yes, I expect it will be punishing, but it is something I am prepared
to endure for the benefits to me, to feel the fresh air, the sun. You can
keep me here forever as your slave but I will be a fitter, healthier slave
if I was allowed some leeway, some variety, some exercise and yes, discipline
outdoors. If it doesn’t work then well, it’s easy for you, you bring me
back here and don’t let me out again.”

“Perhaps you are right, but this will be no cakewalk.”

“I’m sure I won’t disappoint you, for a first time anyway, for me it
is worth the discomfort.”

“All right, we will have a training session this morning. The first
half hour will be your dressing and then we will go for a canter in the
grounds. Put you through your paces.” She smiled at the opportunity, having ridden horses for so
many years now she was to be one!
