---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/community_service.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Community Service
authors:
- Zack
tags:
- FF/f
- bondage
- n/c
- X
---

\*
Community Service
by Zack
Copyright© 2001, 2002.
All rights reserved.
Disclaimer: This is a work
of fiction. All of the characters and organizations are imaginary, and
any similarity of names to those of real persons or organizations is coincidental.
------------------------------------------------------------
Community Service
by Zack

Mary was anxious as she entered the big Southwind department store in
suburban Seattle.  She stopped and looked around as she reviewed what
she had planned.  She had never done anything like it before, but
she needed the money.  She approached the counter that displayed expensive
watches.

The salesclerk asked, "May I help you?"

"Yes.  I'd like to see some watches.  I'm looking for a gift
for my father."  Mary pointed at a tray under the counter that held
gold watches.

The clerk looked her over carefully.  The cheapest watch on the
tray sold for over fifteen hundred dollars.  Mary was dressed in a
miniskirt and a sleeveless top.  Her top was skimpy and barely contained
her large breasts, but it was obviously expensive.  The salesclerk
nodded and put the tray of watches on the countertop.

Mary examined the watches until she found the type she was looking for. 
It sold for almost six thousand dollars.  A man walked up to the end
of the counter and started talking to the salesclerk.  Mary glanced
around nervously.  No one seemed to be looking her way.  Her
hand quickly moved from the tray to the inside of her shoulder bag.

Mary turned away from the counter and walked towards the store exit. 
She could feel her heart pounding, and she fought an urge to run. 
Just before she reached the exit a hand grasped her upper arm and pulled
her to an abrupt halt.

"Just a moment, Miss."  The speaker was a hard-faced woman in her
thirties, dressed as a Southwind salesclerk.  "Store security. 
I want to look in your handbag."

Mary blustered, "Why do you want to look in my bag?  I haven't
stolen anything."

"Then there won't be any objection if I look, right?"  She opened
the bag before Mary could object and started rummaging through it. 
She held up a gold watch.  "Well, well.  What is this?"

"That's my watch.  I bought it two weeks ago."

"And you never bothered to take the price tag off?  Can it, Sweety. 
I've been watching you ever since you went up to the counter.  You
didn't buy anything."

The woman produced hinged handcuffs and locked a cuff on Mary's right
wrist, spun her around, and locked the other cuff on Mary's left wrist. 
The move was so swift and unexpected that Mary's hands were fastened behind
her back before she could object, much less struggle.

"You're under arrest for grand theft."

"You can't arrest me!  You're just a store clerk."

"I'm also a reserve deputy sheriff.  I certainly can arrest you." 
The deputy squeezed the cuffs until they were snug on Mary's wrists, and
then gave them one more click so they were just too tight.  She made
a mental inventory of Mary's assets.  Big tits.  Narrow waist. 
Pretty face. Long, honey-blonde hair.  This one was definitely a keeper.

The deputy renewed her grip on Mary's arm and pushed her towards the
back of the store.  "Where are you taking me?" Mary asked.  Her
voice trembled.

"To see the Security Director.  She'll call the police and file
the complaint.  You do know you've committed a felony, don't you? 
You're going to go to prison."

Mary was frightened.  She blinked back tears.  It was so humiliating
to be marched through the store in handcuffs.  She was relieved when
they entered a service elevator and went up to the store offices.

The deputy guided Mary into an office and stood her in front of a desk. 
"Stay there!"  she commanded.  She picked up a phone and punched
some numbers.  "I just paged the Security Director.  When she
gets here she'll call the police, and you'll be in jail about an hour later."

Mary started to speak, but was interrupted when the office door opened
and a woman entered the room.  She was dressed in a suit, with her
jacket unbuttoned and open.  She had a lean body and high, firm breasts,
and could have been mistaken for someone in her late twenties except for
the fine wrinkles at the corners of her eyes.  She gave Mary a long
look and then addressed the deputy.  "Well, Jackie, whom do we have
here?"

"She's a thief, ma'am.  I caught her with this watch.  It's
worth more than five thousand dollars, so it's felony grand theft."

She gave Mary's handbag to the Security Director, who opened it and
took out the wallet.  The Director found a driver's license and compared
Mary's face and the picture on the license.

"Mary, I hope you realize that you're in a lot of trouble."  She
shook her head.  "It's so sad to see a young woman ruin her life with
one stupid action."

She looked through the rest of Mary's identification.  "I see that
you're a sophomore at Sacred Heart College.  They're very strict,
aren't they?  Even if you somehow got probation and managed to stay
out of prison you would be expelled.  And how is your family going
to feel when they learn that you're a criminal?  If they're paying
for you to go to college they must have hoped you would make something
of your life."

Mary was crying now.  "Please, can't we work something out? 
It would kill my parents if I went to prison."

Jackie interrupted.  "Not a chance.  Southwind has a strict
policy of prosecuting all shoplifters.  You're going to prison."

"Don't be so harsh, Jackie.  It would be tragic if Mary's whole
life were destroyed because of one impulsive act."

"Ma'am, we can't just let her go!  That would be wrong.  She's
got to be punished."

"I agree, but it would be a waste if she went to prison.  How about
community service?  Would you do that, Mary?  Would you work
one night a week for the rest of the semester if it meant that you wouldn't
be tried for theft?"

"Oh, yes!  I'll do anything if my parents don't have to find out
about this."  She flexed her arms.  "Please, would you take the
handcuffs off?  They're very tight and painful."

"In a little while.  You do understand that this community service
will have to be arranged privately?  We can't go through the courts
because Southwind would insist that you be prosecuted."  The Director
turned to her computer and called up a document.  She typed for a
while and then printed the modified document.  "This is a confession,
Mary, and you're going to have to sign it.  This will make it certain
that if you don't do the community service you will go to prison. 
Take the handcuffs off, Jackie."

Mary's hands were dark red and numb.  She had to massage them for
a while before she could sign the confession.

The Director handed a card to Mary.  "Be at this address at seven
sharp next Wednesday evening.  Wear the same clothes you have on now. 
And understand this: if you aren't there on Wednesday you will be in jail
on Thursday."

Mary babbled thanks while Jackie escorted her to the elevator. 
When Jackie returned to the office the women exchanged a high five. 
Jackie said. "That good-cop, bad-cop routine never fails, Alice. 
She's a beauty.  We'll make a fortune."

"I wonder what she'll say when she finds out what kind community she'll
service.  But who cares?  She'll be trapped by then.  We
make a great team, Jackie."

On Wednesday Mary appeared promptly at seven.  It would be usual
for community service to be performed in an office or some public building,
but an apartment building was located at the address Alice had given her. 
The number of the apartment indicated it was on the ground floor. 
She rang the doorbell, and was not very surprised when Jackie opened the
door.  Alice was waiting for her inside.  She exclaimed, "You're
right on time, Mary.  Good girl!  If you are always this obedient
you'll have an easier time of it."

Mary asked, "Is this where I'll be working?  And what will I have
to do?"

"Community service, of course.  The community you'll be servicing
is made up of middle-aged and elderly men who like to whip or spank young
women before they fuck them."

"You mean I'll be a prostitute?"

"Not technically, since you won't be paid.  We get to keep the
money, and you get to stay out of prison."

"It sounds like you've got this all worked out.  I'm not the only
woman you've blackmailed, am I?"

"Of course not.  Why do you think you're here only on Wednesday?"

"Are all of the others also shoplifters you caught at the store?"

"Yes.  Not all of them were as considerate as you and actually
stole something, but Jackie is very skilled at planting evidence. 
It doesn't matter once they sign the confession.  But don't worry! 
Some of the girls actually like being spanked, and maybe you will too. 
As an additional incentive we let you keep all your tips.  If you
make the customers happy you can earn several hundred dollars on a good
night."

Alice continued, "Your first client won't be here for half an hour,
so we have time for a training session.  Tie her hands, Jackie."

Mary resisted for a moment, but then allowed Jackie to cross her wrists
behind her back and tie them tightly with cotton rope.

"We'd better gag her, too."  Alice stuffed a handkerchief into
Mary's mouth and held it place with a silk scarf that she tied behind Mary's
head.

Alice made Mary sit on a small square table while Jackie tied her ankles
to a spreader bar.  "Now for your initiation into the wonderful world
of discipline.  Bring her over to this chair, Jackie."

Jackie dragged Mary behind a leather covered chair and bent her over
the back.  She wound her fingers in Mary's hair and held her head
down on the seat.  Alice flipped up Mary's skirt, exposing black thong
panties.  She decided to leave them on.  The customer would want
to rip them off himself.

Alice used a riding crop to strike a vicious blow across Mary's bottom. 
Mary screamed, but the sound was muffled by the gag.  Alice paused
to admire the red welt that immediately appeared.  She sighed with
pleasure and hit Mary again.  She was rewarded by another scream. 
Before she could strike again the doorbell rang.  "Damn!  There's
always an interruption when I'm having fun."

The video monitor showed Alice a middle-aged man standing outside the
door.  She activated the intercom.  "Yes?"

"Hi.  I'm Marty.  Joe sent me."  Alice opened the door
and he entered the apartment.

"Hello, Marty.  Did Joe explain the rules?"

"Yeah.  No blood, no permanent damage.  Anything else is OK."

"That's right.  Can I have the money, please?"  Marty gave
her a thick roll of twenty-dollar bills.  Alice started to count them.

Marty said to Jackie, "Untie her.  I like to tie them up myself." 
Jackie freed Mary's wrists and bent over to untie her ankles.  When
she straightened up she was looking down the barrel of a 9mm pistol.

Marty said, "Party's over, Jackie.  Get face down on the floor. 
You too, Alice."

Mary finally was able to get the gag out of her mouth.  "You took
your own sweet time getting here, Marty.  My butt will be sore for
a week."

"Sorry, kid.  But it was worth it.  The bug in your shoe picked
up everything they said and I've got it all recorded out in the van."

He gave Mary some plastic handcuffs.  "Truss them up and watch
them while I search this place."  Mary pinioned Jackie's and Alice's
hands.  She made sure to pull the cuffs as tight as she could. 
More cuffs were used to fasten their ankles.

Marty searched the apartment and made a collection of video tapes and
anything of value.  He held up the gold watch.  "Look what I
found, kid."

Alice asked Marty, "Is this a robbery?  I don't keep any money
here."

"It's not a robbery.  I'm a private detective.  The father
of your Monday girl found out what was going on and hired me to stop it."

"OK, she can go."

"It's not as simple as that, Alice.  My client wants retribution."

"There's nothing you can do to me that won't hurt the girl too. 
She really was shoplifting, and Southwind will prosecute.  And Mary
will go to prison.  You may get me on a pandering charge, but that's
six months in jail, max."

"Mary's in the clear.  We really did buy the watch two weeks ago. 
Ben Franklin persuaded the clerk to misplace another like it so you would
think it was stolen.  And you're in more trouble than you think you
are."

"What do you mean?"

"Didn't you stop to wonder why the girl's ID said she was twenty one
but she was only a freshman in college?  The ID was fake.  She's
only seventeen.  Do you know what the penalty is for sexual exploitation
of a minor?  You two will be lucky if you're out in ten years."

Jackie started to cry.  Alice capitulated.  "OK, you win. 
What do we have to do?"

"My client has a ranch way out in eastern Oregon.  You'll go there
and do some community service."

"Servicing cowhands, you mean?"

"Some.  But you'll get plenty of fresh air and exercise. 
Do you know what a ponygirl is?  You and Jackie will make a great
team."
The End

[Now
continues in Part Two](community_service2.html)_

_Copyright© 2001, 2002
by Zack. All rights reserved.
I welcome your comments.
Email me at zack\_writer@hotmail.com or zack\_writer@yahoo.com_

__

_20.12.02_

_story continues in [**Community Service - At the Ranch**](community_service2.html)

o0o
