---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Cornered
authors:
- Freyr
tags:
- F/m
- giantess
- swallow
- digest
- absorb
- soft
- nc
- X
date: 2010-06-17 00:00:00
---

Sean was pressed up against the wall, there was no where to run or hide as
the huge, hulking woman bore down on him. She seemed almost twice times Sean's own
size and seemed to tower over him.

"C'mere little boy!" the giant woman said, leeringly. "I've going to eat
you!"

With that, she licked her lips and a strange gleam came into her eye.
She reached out a massive hand to Sean and picked him up, Sean tried to
struggle against the ferocious grip, but couldn't break free.

The giant opened her mouth and by some strange trick, the mouth was now
wide enough to take in Sean's whole body in one gulp. Sean struggled in
her grip but to no avail, the giant held him tightly and drew him closer
and closer to the dark maw of her mouth. Sean flailed with his arms and
legs, trying to prevent himself from being swallowed alive by this giant woman, but
he couldn't. First his head and then his neck and shoulders were in the
giants gaping mouth.

The lips closed over and and helped push Sean's thin, lean torso and arms
further into the giant's maw, then his hips and thighs and finally his
calves and feet slipped in. Sean was completely within the giants dark
mouth.

For a moment, Sean ceased struggling, he lay breathing heavily on the
warm, wet tongue of the giant. Then with a sickening lurch, he was thrown
head first down the giants throat. It was a bumpy ride down to the stomach, with
the muscles contracting and pushing him hard down and down.

Then with a quiet splash, he ended up in the stomach. Sean felt around and
tried to orient himself, but it was just too dark for him, every
direction looked and felt the same to him.

Meanwhile, the giant stretched and yawned. She rubbed her stomach, which
was slightly distended, and thought of the nice young man she had just
eaten, and how his young strength would add to her own and keep her young looking. She burped once and then headed home, for a rest. As she walked along the
street, she wore a curious smile as she thought about the young man digesting
in her stomach and how only SHE knew about it.

Sean sat down in a funk, in the puddle in the giant's stomach. He wasn't
sure what to do. He just sat there, glumly. After a while, he tried to
get up and move around, but found his feet and legs no longer responding to
his thoughts. In fact, he couldn't feel them at all. Nervously he tried
to move other parts of himself. But anything that was touch the puddle was
numb now. Slowly, he was dissovling, his body parts being undone and
whisked away to be incorporated in the giant's body that he was inhabiting.
Slowly he felt himself sink down and down into the puddle, slowing
dissolving into his elemental parts. Sean wondered how many other young
boys this giant had eaten and made part of herself. He wondered if the
giant would think of him as he exercised her muscles or rubbed her breasts
or other body parts.

Soon he was just a neck and head, just abover the surface of the puddle in
the giant. And then, that was gone, too, made part of the giant as she had
done to so many other young men.
