---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Spellbinder vs The Collector
authors:
- Ranger
tags:
- n-a
---

(story continues from [**Spellbinder vs The Collector**](spellbinder.html))

**Spellbinder vs.
The Collector**
Part 2  The
Collector’s Revenge—The Trap

After his defeat to Spellbinder, the Collector had to lay low for six
months-- plenty of time to plan his revenge.  He had set his traps--
his hand playing with the microwave remote controller.  All he needed
was the proper bait.  Spellbinder had destroyed his reputation of
never failing, the mob was after him and his money reserves were almost
completely drained.  This had to be a precise operation, three quick
abductions to re-establish his reputation and his cash reserves and get
Spellbinder.  He had to execute his plan quickly and effectively before
word of his return reached the “mob.” 
The Collector pushed the first button on his remote.

At that moment, Yvette Sinclear, a well-endowed supermodel famous for
her lingerie and swimsuit layouts was visiting a posh downtown boutique,
Intimate Apparel owned by long time friend, Cassy Somers.  Yvette
always got VIP treatment there--complete privacy away from everything,
no harassments, no cameras and reporters.  Yvette always got a posh
little dressing room in the back away from everything.  Yvette always
bought the best lingerie.  She could spend half a day trying on the
latest lingerie and money was no option.  Yvette tried on several
satin and silk lace teddies with matching thongs; push up bras and matching
panties, a few bikini sets.  Nothing caught her eye; she needed something
special for her next shoot.

She decided to take a break and sip a little coffee at the dressing
table when she noticed a black velvet box with a tag with her name hand
written on it.  It’s probably something from Cassy from her exclusive
line.  Yvette opened the box to reveal the most delicate silk lace
lingerie she’s ever seen.  The lingerie was very unique—the silk lace
seemed interwoven with metallic strands giving the lingerie a shimmering
effect.  She quickly stripped off her present lingerie and pulled
the delicate thong over her long tan legs to rest on her shapely hips. 
She could almost see thru the thin material but it seemed surprisingly
strong.  The bra was lacey and shimmering as she put it on over her
full breasts.  She looked into the mirror, the lingerie covered very
little of her Swedish-Hungarian figure.  The lingerie seemed to highlight
with her long blond hair.

Yvette had the feeling this was exactly what she was looking for her
next shoot.  She peeked into the box to find more items, a lacey garter
belt, black fishnet stockings interwoven with the same metallic strands,
long opera gloves, and a silk choker accented with a small ruby in the
front.  Before she knew it, Yvette had slipped on all the items and
was admiring the view in the mirror.  The detail on the lingerie was
incredible.  The tops of the stockings and opera gloves were fringed
with extra metallic strands infused the elastic giving it extra support
both tightly around her firm thighs and upper arms.  A tiny ruby accenting
the tops of each.

As she was admiring herself in the mirror, she heard a faint voice coming
from the mirror.  She approached the mirror, suddenly the rubies on
her lingerie sparkled to life.  Her choker tightening around her neck,
all the lingerie seemed to tighten.  She couldn’t catch her breath. 
She was getting light headed and was about to pass out then it suddenly
released its hold.  “Now that I got your attention.  I could
do much more damage with a flick of a switch.  You’ll find some special
items on the bottom to the lingerie box.”  Yvette slid open a hidden
compartment and found a leather gag.  “Please be a good girl and put
it on.  Any resistance or scream….”   Suddenly her collar
tightened around her neck and released.  Yvette reluctantly put the
phallic shaped bulb into her mouth, pushing down her tongue and leaving
a horrible leather taste in her mouth.  “Keep going”  Yvette
pushed until it was all the way in almost touching the back of her throat. 
“Now strap it on tightly.”  Yvette buckled it around her head until
it was tight and flush with her face; the flat panel on the leather gag
making a smooth line on her face.

“Now I have a few more surprises for you.”  With a flip of a switch,
Yvette’s legs were uncontrollably pulled together.  Yvette struggled
to separate her legs almost losing her balance on her 4-inch heels. 
“Now place your hand together behind your back.”  Yvette had no choice
and placed her hands behind her.  Suddenly her hands were drawn together
by an unseen force but it pulled the opera gloves together along its full
length until her elbows touched--her breasts jutting out from the strain
until they burst thru the bra cups thin material.  Yvette struggled
for all she was worth but couldn’t break out of her bondage.  She
was quite helpless.

“Do you like my micro circuitry I infused into your lingerie? 
You’ll like this.”  Yvette felt her thong tighten, pushing into her
clitoris and between the cheeks of her buttocks like a crotch tie. 
But her hands were also drawn to the back of her thong where it seem to
fuse to the back of the thong.  The bra straps seem the fuse to the
opera gloves.  Yvette’s arms were cinched down tightly.  Her
breasts tightly bound above and below by the lacey metallic straps what
was left of her bra.  Yvette was effectively single sheathed top and
bottom.   The full-length mirror on the wall suddenly slid open
to reveal six-foot crate.  “Please hop over to the box and get into
it”  Yvette had no choice; she hopped over to the open box and was
pulled in by an unseen force.  The foam, laced with the same metallic
strands, began to take her shape molding to her curves.  Metallic
straps shot around her and pulled her in deeper into the foam.  A
padded cover swung shut over the helpless female.  Yvette couldn’t
move or utter a sound in complete blackness but heard the faint laughter
and jest,  “you’ve been abducted by the Collector.”  The crate
slowly descended into the floor to an awaiting truck below.

 The Collector smiled and pushed the second button on his remote.

 Kianna Lee, famous Hawaiian triathlon athlete and part time swimsuit
model, was swimming her laps in her private pool on the outskirts of Central
City.  A tiny black bikini barely covering her body, her long tan
legs accented by the high cut bikini bottom, her long black hair flowing
behind her almost touching her full round buttocks, swam gracefully under
the water.  Kianna swam as much as she could.  It relaxed her
after a long day of modeling.  She just finished her daily 100 laps
and floated lazily over the water on her back relaxing-- her full breast
breaking the surface of the water.  She emerged from the pool.  
The water ran down her six-foot frame—glistening in the sun as she headed
to her hot tub.  She always ended her workouts with a long soak in
her 32-jet hot tub.

She slid into the hot water; the bubbles washing over and caressing
her entire body.  She laid on the molded seat in the hot tub, the
water just coming up to her chin, enjoying the heat.  She heard the
whirr of electrical motors kick in.  She raised her head and looked
around—nothing seems out of place.  Kianna relaxed and laid back into
the water when she felt something brush her bare leg.  She sat up
but it was too late.  She felt a tightness wrap around her legs then
up her body.  Kianna instinct reached down to free her legs. 
The tightness seem to work its way up her body pinning her arms to the
side of her body.  Kianna couldn’t see what was happening with all
the bubbles and steam.  She braced her bound arms as best as she could
on the molded seat of the hot tub and raised her bound legs out of the
water making sure not to slip further down into the hot tub and drown herself.

Kianna was surprise to see a fine net wrapped around both legs. 
She couldn’t separate her legs more than an inch.  She bent her legs
and braced them on the edge of the molded seat and pushed with all she
was worth and pushed herself out of the water onto the ledge of the hot
tub and swimming pool.  Kianna looked down to see her entire body
tightly wrapped in the same netting to just under her chin.  She wiggled
and rolled for all she was worth but nothing came loose or budged—she was
like a beached whale.  All Kianna did was loosen her top to reveal
one of her full breasts. She was wet and cold and in complete disarray. 
Kianna struggled to reach the patio door.  She inched her way and
partly rolled but before she could reach the door, she felt herself pulled
back into the hot tub.  Her netting was tethered somehow.  She
fought it the best she could but ended up plunging back into the hot water
feet first—her head slipped under for just a minute until she got her bearings.

Kianna was panicking now.  She let out a faint scream but was pulled
under instantly.  A moment later her head burst thru the water surface
gasping for air.  Kianna heard a voice, “Don’t struggle.  You
cannot break your bonds.  Remain still and I won’t hurt you. 
I want your mouth just under the surface of the water with your nose just
above the water.  Comply for your own good.”  Kianna struggled
for all she was worth but couldn’t break the netting.  She reluctantly
lay there with her mouth just under the surface of the water.  The
jets on the hot tub stopped.  The water became very calm.  Then
Kianna noticed the water was infused with a faint blue dye.  She tried
her bonds again but she noticed the water becoming syrupy and more viscous—it
began to gel.  In a few seconds the water hardened into clear solid
trapping the beautiful brunette.  Her mouth trapped close just under
the surface of the solid.  Her near naked form trapped in the solid
unable to move and for all to see.  She couldn’t scream when the solid
with her in it began to sink into the ground to the waiting hands of the
Collector’s henchmen in the underground sewer system.

 The Collector smiled and pushed the third button on his remote.

 Cassandra Cummings lounged around her penthouse apartment. 
She was in a white silk chemise tank top and matching panty.  She
just got out of a long relaxing bath.  She pulled on a pair of silk
pajama pants and was preparing for bed.  After her experience with
the Collector, Cassandra decided to lay low for a while.  She was
getting some consulting for her experience at the hands of the Collector. 
Cassandra decided to take a leave from modeling and acting for now. 
She slid into bed under her satin sheets.  The satin felt good on
her bare shoulders.  She was starting to dose off when she felt something
odd on her legs.  Suddenly the satin sheets pulled tight, Cassandra
was pinned down to her bed.  She felt her pants being pulled off underneath
the sheets.  Her chemise top was being ripped off her body. 
She struggled but couldn’t wiggle out from beneath her sheets—a very feminine
form struggled underneath the shiny satin.  She felt something tugging
on her panty; it slid down her hips and then down her legs.  She was
completely nude in a matter of minutes.

Cassandra felt the cool satin on her bare skin—her naked outline underneath
the satin sheets.  Cassandra knew this was the work of the Collector. 
She struggled more but the satin sheet pulled down even tighter. 
She felt something wrap around her ankles pulling them together, then above
and below her knees pulling them tightly together, then around mid thigh. 
Cassandra slide her hands down to try to untie the restraints on her legs
when she felt something wrap around her wrists and pull them to the sides
of her thighs where they seem to bind around her thighs just below her
crotch—effectively thigh cuffed.  She felt something brush between
her legs and her crotch and then between her buttocks and then suddenly
tightness, Cassandra let out a small scream—she was now tightly crotch
tied.

She felt the wrappings above and below her breasts pinning her arms
to her body.  A satin strap worked its way like a snake behind Cassandra’s
head.  Before she could react, the satin strap wrapped around Cassandra’s
lower face several times tightly around her mouth.  Cassandra rolled
free of the sheets when she felt them loosen.  She looked down at
her bondage.  Satin strips encircled her naked body tightly. 
She struggled but nothing moved or loosened.  Cassandra was about
to slide off the bed when the satin sheet corner she was lying on flipped
over her body.  Cassandra was then flipped by the thin material and
rolled tightly several times.  Before she knew it, the satin sheets
making her bondage even tighter wrapped Cassandra tightly—she was a very
erotic silk mummy that outlined all her curves, her full breasts, hips
and legs.

To Cassandra’s horror, the middle of the bed began to sink into itself
with her along with it.  She screamed for all she was worth as she
sunk into the sub-flooring, where a conveyer belt took the bound and gagged
mummy to awaiting hands of the Collector’s henchmen.

 The Collector was smiling as three green lights on the remote
lighted up meaning his traps had been successful.  Three abductions
down, he now was free to leave a message personally for Spellbinder.

 Kelsie Chambers, star reporter for the Tribune, came running into
the empty newsroom.  She had received an urgent message from her personal
assistant, Annie Lang a half hour ago.  Kelsie knew it was important
since Annie wouldn’t have disturbed her at her own award banquet for her
series on organized crime and the Collector.  She came running in
her long black evening gown that hugged her sexy body in all the right
places. 
Kelsie knew something was wrong when she entered.  Her assistant was
nowhere to be seen.  Kelsie didn’t notice the buttons she stepped
on with her 4-inch heels or the ripped material pushed off to the sides. 
She entered her office to find the office intern tied spread eagled to
her desk.  The young 20 year old’s blouse torn open and her skirt
pulled up to reveal her thong panties, garter belt and sexy stockings.

Kelsie knew this was a job for Spellbinder, she took a step back the
way she came to transform to Spellbinder when the Collector steps out of
the shadows.  He rolled an office chair out with him.  On the
chair was her assistant Annie bound and gagged.  The Collector had
fun with her too.  Annie was bound just in her bra and panties, her
ripped clothes laid all around her.  Her legs tied spread opened to
the arms of the chair for maximum exposure with a very tight crotch tie
cutting deep into her panties; her breasts were framed by ropes above and
below tightly, her mouth filled with a huge ball gag, her eyes covered
with a leather blindfold.  The Collector had a gun on Annie, “Do what
I say or your assistant will pay the price.  Reach into the black
bag and gag yourself with the nice ballgag.”

Kelsie had to comply; she couldn’t risk exposing her secret identity. 
“Now pick up the leather cuffs and strap them on your ankles and wrists.” 
Kelsie reluctantly complied.  The Collector flipped some kind of switch
and the cuffs connected to a fine chain pulled Kelsie’s wrists and ankles
tightly into a standing spread eagle—her dress stretched to the max. 
The Collector approached Kelsie and ripped the straining evening gown new
slits revealed her long tan legs and her black French cut thongs and garter
belt.  “Don’t worry.  I’m not after you although you would make
an excellent addition to my collection or would get a good price on the
market.  You are quite striking.”

The Collector pulls down the top of Kelsie’s dress to reveal her black
pushup bra and tan full breasts—giving them a slight squeeze and brush. 
“I want you to give a message to Spellbinder.  Tell her to meet me
on Pier 46 at midnight tomorrow.  The fate of Cassandra Cummings,
Yvette Sinclear and Kianna Lee rests in her hands”    He
turns and leaves and Kelsie screams into her gag.  “I’ll leave you
like you are for the morning staff to find.  A little payback for
the stories you wrote about me.”  Kelsie struggles but cannot break
the chains; it would reveal her identity to her co-workers.  The top
of her dress slid further down to rest on her stomach—how embarrassing.

 The next morning, the morning staff found the bound co-workers. 
After what seem like an hour-long photo feeding frenzy, the bound captives
were finally freed from their bondages-there photos making the morning
edition although slightly edited—a little airbrushing in sensitive areas. 
Kelsie quickly left the office after writing her story and editorial. 
She wanted some payback.  She was on the cover of every major newspaper
bound and gagged and nearly naked—how embarrassing.

 Spellbinder recon the area around Pier 46, she knew it was a trap. 
Why would the Collector tell his location to her if it wasn’t?  She
found some simple trip wires, trap doors and other obvious traps. 
She snuck into the warehouse unseen by the guards posted by the front door. 
She explored the warehouse carefully.  Several henchmen jumped out
spraying the neuro-paralysis foam at her.  Spellbinder jumped out
of the way.  Some foam catching her cape and dissolved part of it. 
She took out the henchmen quickly but her presence was known.  She
searched the warehouse for the Collector’s prisoners quickly.  Taking
out a guard here and there along the way.  This was too easy where
was the Collector?

She found a reinforced room and door.  Spellbinder easily broke
down the door.  Using her hyper senses, she recon the room quickly. 
The room was about 25feet by 25 feet.  The walls, ceiling and floor
all seem to be made of a reflective shiny metal.  In the middle of
the room were three metal poles with the captives she was looking for. 
All were practically naked except for the tiny lingerie and leather straps
encircling their bodies and the black hoods that trapped their heads. 
Their hands were all bound above their heads in a standing position, their
toes barely touching the shiny floor.  The captives’ body glistened
in perspiration—their lingerie almost translucent from the moisture. 
The room must have been over a hundred degrees in there.

Spellbinder took a few steps into the room when she felt something on
her boots.  She looked down in horror to see the shiny mirror-like
substance streaming up her boots.  It seemed to slither and coat its
way up her boot.  She tried to shake it off her boots and run away
from the silvery liquid.    She was trying to remove her
boots but the liquid metal topped her thigh high boots and flowed into
her boots.  The liquid metal felt cold against Spellbinder’s skin
on her feet.  Spellbinder felt it coat and work its way up her calves,
knees, and thighs.  When the cold liquid metal reached the bottom
of her costume, it entered by worked its way under the high cut openings
of her costume for her legs.  Spellbinder felt it coating her crotch
area, her pelvis, up her stomach, over her breasts, down her arms, up her
neck, over her chin and over her face. Spellbinder looked into the mirror
in the corner of the room to find a silver covered heroine.  All of
her skin was covered with the mirror-like liquid metal except for her costume. 
Spellbinder knew this was the Collector’s trap.

As if on cue, the Collector stepped into view of the doorway. 
“Do you like my liquid metal?  It’s the latest in nano-technology,
tiny microscopic machines that do my bidding.”  The Collector held
a tiny remote in his hands that he pressed.  Instantly the silver
coating hardened into a solid steel coating turning Spellbinder into a
standing statue. 
“What have you done to me?  You’ll pay for this,” with all the
bravado Spellbinder could muster.  The Collector pushed another button
and pointed the remote at Spellbinders head.  The liquid metal on
Spellbinder’s lower face pulled tight, her lips disappeared under a smooth
layer of metal.  Spellbinder couldn’t make a sound now    
The Collector approached the immobile Spellbinder and slowly slipped the
straps of her costume over her shoulders and slide them down her arms.   
He then pulled the top of her costume down to reveal her full D cup breasts
and flat tummy until her costume was down on the floor by her feet. 
A tiny g-string was the only thing left on Spellbinder silver covered body. 
Spellbinder couldn’t do anything as the Collector just tore the flimsy
g-string from her now naked body.

“Spellbinder, you’ve spoiled my plans for the last time.  You are
going to be my newest edition to my personal collection.  I am going
to enjoy breaking you.  You’re going to produce super strength off-springs
for me and when I tire of you, I’ll sell you to the highest bidder to mother
their super strength off springs or be their private sex slave.” 
Spellbinder struggled and scream but she couldn’t move.  The Collector
picked up the Spellbinder statue easily and carried her to a hidden chamber
deep underground below the pier.  To Spellbinder’s horror, the Collector
carried her into his bedroom with a huge bed in the middle of the room. 
He laid her down in the middle.  He played with the remote and adjusted
a few setting.  Suddenly her arms and legs moved to the corners of
the bed.  Her naked body lay in a spread eagle with her legs wide
open.  The Collector pushed the remote again and the liquid metal
retracted away from her breast.

The Collector played with Spellbinder’s nipples until they hardened
under the stimulation.  The Collector pushed another button and waved
the remote over her pelvic region and to Spellbinder’s horror; she felt
the liquid metal open up to reveal her vaginal area.  Spellbinder
couldn’t do a thing.  The Collector was on top of her now naked from
the waist down.  She felt his hard member touching her clitoris parting
her sensitive lips.  He was massaging her breasts up top when he plunged
his hard member into her—pumping hard and fast.  She screamed into
her gag but worst of all, her body started to respond to the stimulus—she
was getting wet.  She fought the sensations as best as she could but
the Collector was a master at female manipulations, she was close to orgasm. 
Her body erupted and spasm as the orgasm ravaged her body.  Spellbinder
couldn’t do a thing as the Collector raped her and raped her again and
again before she passed out.

 When Spellbinder regained consciousness, her body ached everywhere
and in places she didn’t know could hurt.  She was covered in perspiration. 
She tried to move but couldn’t.  As her senses came back, she felt
out her bondage.  She was standing but bent forward.  Her wrists
were bound together behind her and pulled high in the air causing her to
bend forward at her waist.  She was facing her knees looking at metal
bands encircling her knees.  Her legs were mashed together tightly
wrapped in steel bands at her ankles, above and below her knees and around
her thighs.   She glanced down her body to see she was wearing
black latex half bra and tight panties—at least she wasn’t naked but it
covered very little.

To her horror, vibrating nipple clamps clamped painfully on her sore
nipples began to vibrate and she felt a dildo deep in her vagina with a
large butt plug invading her anus.  She was shocked when both invaders
started to vibrate violently in unison with the nipple clamps.  She
was about to orgasm from all the stimulation but suddenly the vibrations
stop—always kept right on the edge of orgasm but denied the final release
by sensors within the invaders.  The cycle started again, the vibrators
doing their magic and as Spellbinder builds to a peak, they suddenly stop. 
A minute or two later the cycle starts again.  She screams in frustration
but no sounds comes out of her mouth, stretched to the limit with a ballgag
strapped tightly around her head.  Spellbinder wasn’t going or saying
anything anytime soon in her tight stappendo bondage.

Spellbinder looked around the room to find the Collector’s henchmen
busy at work.  It looked like they were preparing his captives for
transport.  Each captive was stretched out naked on a hospital gurney. 
They looked like they had enema bags inserted in them.  They looked
like they were given laxatives to purge their intestines and probably other
chemicals to slow their metabolism.  They were in a semi-conscious
state.  They looked like they been cleaned up, their hair combed out
and their makeup done.  The Collector was lecturing his henchmen. 
“Everything is in the packaging boys.  Each captive has special instructions
on how their new owners want their captive to arrive.  Please follow
the invoice instructions exactly.”

 Cassandra was first.  The head foreman checking the invoice,
a chasity bound nude, grabbed a few things out of a black bag and handed
them over to the other henchmen.  The henchman roughly pulled on a
metal chastity belt forcing the embedded dildo and butt plug deep into
her private openings and locking them in place with a very solid looking
padlock.  They then roughly rolled Cassandra over onto her tummy and
pulled on a tight black spandex single sleeve up her arms and around her
shoulders—it was so tight that it pulled her elbows together forcing her
breasts to jet forward when they rolled Cassandra back on her back. 
The henchmen then pulled a tight spandex bag up over her feet up her long
legs, mashing them together, over her curvy hips, over her full breasts
and kept on going until it reached the knap of her neck.  They forced
a ballgag into her mouth and pulled a tight spandex hood over her head
to attach to the spandex bag with several small padlocks.  They put
the keys into a special pouch on the back of the hood for the new owner
to open.  Cassandra couldn’t budge a muscle in her black tight reinforced
spandex.  The henchmen then lifted the bound package into an open-ended
oxygen tank and started to screw down the top of the tank.  The henchmen
stood back to admire their work.  From the outside it just looks like
any other 8-foot medical oxygen tank.  If they turned the valve, pressurized
oxygen would come out.  If the custom people x-ray the tank, the tank
would look like any other because of the special leaded shielding in the
tank.  They listened for a minute but no sounds came out of the padded
tank.  The first captive was ready for shipment.

Kianna was next.  The henchmen studied the instruction sheet. 
She was to arrive in leather and nothing else.  They pulled out a
leather harness, several leather straps and a few things Spellbinder couldn’t
see.  Kianna was untied from her bondage only long enough for them
to strap on the black leather body harness.  They pulled the straps
down tight causing her breast to peak out between the straps.  The
crotch strap had an embedded dildo and butt plug which was pushed deep
into Kianna’s opening without mercy.  Kianna began to squirm but the
henchman held her down while they strapped her arms together behind her
until her elbows met.  They cinched her arms down to the harness with
additional straps.  Kianna struggled but couldn’t move her arms at
all.  They strapped her legs together mid thigh, above and below her
knees and at her ankles.  To make in tighter they folded her legs
at her knees and strapped them so tightly that her ankles touched the back
of her thighs.  Kianna protested but couldn’t do a thing—even twitch
a muscle.  The henchman again lifted the immobile Kianna up and into
an awaiting open-ended oxygen tank, which was screwed down tight after
the insertion of the captive.

Yvette began to struggle for all she was worth when the henchman approached
her.  Her invoice said she was to arrive in sexy lingerie like the
ones in her magazine spreads.  They untied her from the gurney and
held her down as they dressed her in a red lace silk corset that pushed
up her breasts and cinched her middle into a sexy hourglass figure. 
They pulled french high cut thongs that hid little of her full buttocks,
garter belts with matching stockings up Yvette’s sexy long legs—slight
brushes to sensitive areas, hands running down up and down her sexy body.  
They then made the captive helpless with a red leather single sleeve up
her arms with straps that pulled her elbows together forcing her breasts
to jet forward from the strain.  A tight crotch tie was applied cutting
deep into the delicate material of her thong and the sensitive tissue below
and cinching down the single sleeve.  The henchman then applied tight
breast ties above and below her breast that also fused the single sleeve
to Yvette’s body.  Next Yvette’s legs were tied roughly together mid
thigh, above and below the knees, and ankles.  A leather panel gag
filled her mouth and a leather blindfold covered her eyes.  When they
finished, the henchmen lifted the bound and gagged captive into her own
oxygen tank and screwed down the lid tightly.

Spellbinder could only watch as henchman using a forklift to load the
especially loaded oxygen tanks into a cargo truck with 50 other tanks ready
to go overseas.  She struggled against her bondage but couldn’t get
free.  Her concentration broken by the vibrating intruders. 
Her body covered in perspiration and wracked with waves of passion. 
She couldn’t do a thing as the truck with the three captives pulled away. 
She felt helpless, defeated.  Spellbinder had to worry about herself
now and she knew she was in trouble.

The Collector was ecstatic that his plan went so well.  He got
his three captives and sent them off without a hitch.  He had money
again.  He has Spellbinder as his slave and was going to enjoy breaking
her and adding her to his collection.  He wanted to celebrate. 
He went over to Spellbinder and undid the tie holding her wrists in the
air.  The Collector ran his hand up and down Spellbinder’s tone body. 
He suddenly tore off her latex bra and fondled her full breasts. 
He turned the vibrators to full.  He flung his bound and gagged captive
on his shoulder and carried her to his private chambers where he planned
to have his way with her.  Spellbinder struggled and screamed for
all she was worth but the bondage held.  The Collector smiled. 
He was going to enjoy this.

To be continued…

20/08/01

story continues in [**Spellbinder vs. the Collector - Part 3**](spellbinder3.html)

o0o
