---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Latex Dungeon
authors:
- Michael Knight
tags:
- F-ff
- latex
- bondage
- reluct
- XX
---

**If
you are the author of this story please contact me gromet99au@yahoo.com.au**

The
Latex Dungeon
**Part One**
\*\*\*THE
LATEX DUNGEON\*\*\*
PART
ONE
Julie was a tall slender Woman about 5 and a
half feet tall, she had slender shapely legs and a beautifully shaped body
curved in all the right places. Julie was a normal woman of 33 years of
age, she had the same thoughts and concerns that most women her age have,
although the fact that it had been some time since she had a lover last
was beginning to bother her some, not that she minded too much at night
when she had come home from her job as a Photographer’s assistant, she
would stretch out on her large luxurious bed, reach into the drawer of
the night side table and pull out a six inch studded vibrator, “At least
I won’t have to feed you breakfast in the morning.” she would joke before
pleasuring  herself with it and bringing her self to a sweet orgasm
and then drifting off to a erotic dream filled sleep.

Its not that Julie was not looking for a lover,
her job just kept her pretty busy and despite the amount of people she
would meet in her job, she just could not seem to get lucky, some times
she would think that her looks intimidated men and scared them away. She
did not intimidate other women however, she had received a number of flattering
comments from some of them she had worked closely with, some women had
even made passes at her, in the beginning this had revolted her but these
days she found her self thinking about them from time to time while she
pleasured her self with her vibrator. Time went by and Julie’s fantasies
of her and other women increased and soon became second nature to her as
did the new fantasies involving Latex Catsuits.

This all started about a year and a half ago when
her car broke down and she had to take the subway home, while sitting in
her seat, ridding the subway, a woman opposite her got up and left the
train, at first Julie didn’t notice that the woman had left behind the
Rubber latex fetish magazine, she had been too busy admiring the women’s
shapely black lace stockinged legs, when she noticed that the woman had
left behind the magazine she grabbed it quickly and tried to get the women’s
attention, but it was too late and the train had already started to pull
out of the subway.

Once she had gotten home and tossed the magazine
onto the kitchen table, she took a closer look at the cover of the fetish
magazine, it featured two women both wearing skin tight shinny latex catsuits,
they were both standing while holding each other in an embrace, there heads
were both wearing latex open face hoods and their hair had been pulled
pony style through molded attached cones at the top of the hoods, positioned
slightly towards the back of the head, they each wore on their wrists over
top of latex gloves, leather bondage shackles with shiny metal “D” rings
attached for fastening chains or ropes to, one of the women had her arm
around the other women’s waist while the other hand was rubbing the women’s
latex covered crotch and they were both kissing each other passionately.
Both women on the cover of the magazine had on five-inch high-heeled thigh
high black Rubber boots on that were zipped up very tight. Around the women’s
ankles were similar leather shackles to what were on their wrists. Julie
could not help but notice that the other woman had in her hand a little
air pump similar to what they use to snap pictures with, the pump like
ball had a short hose about eight to ten inches in length that was attached
to the crotch of the other women’s latex catsuit. Julie... disgusted pushed
the magazine onto the floor and stormed off to the bathroom to take a hot
shower.

Later that night while she lay restless in bed,
thoughts of the women on the cover of the fetish magazine began to invade
her thoughts, she could not help but to remember how much the two women
seamed to be enjoying themselves, Julie began to fantasize and before long
was reaching for her vibrator and for the pleasure she knew it would bring
her. Next morning when she awoke and went to the kitchen to make herself
some coffee, she accidentally kicked the fetish magazine that she had pushed
onto the floor last night. She looked down at the magazine, slowly the
night of ecstasy filtered back into her mind, she bent down to pick up
the magazine and she placed it on the table to look at while she had her
coffee, she looked through the magazine growing more intrigued with each
turn of the page. And for Julie that’s how it began a year and a half ago.

It was about five thirty when Julie finally left
work for home; she planned to make a few stops before heading home, a small
fetish shop on Fifth Avenue that specialized in latex catsuits was where
she was headed. Julie had heard about the shop from a small piece of paper
that fell out of the fetish magazine that the woman had lost on the subway.
She had planned to stop by and see what they had, as they were in a part
of town that she usually never goes to and she didn’t know anyone in, this
was perfect and would avoid any potentially embarrassing situations that
might occur. She had planned to be home by six, but once she had gotten
to the store and was looking around, she saw so many items that caught
her attention that she just could not bring herself to leave.

Three women were working at the store, they were
all attractive, one of the women looked familiar to Julie but she could
not place her. Two of the women were wearing High neck, long sleeve, black
latex dresses that were above the knee and latex pantyhose, they were also
wearing glossy five inch high heeled shoes with thick straps that were
padlocked to their ankles. The other woman who looked familiar to Julie
was dressed entirely in latex, she was covered in a very sleek skintight
latex catsuit, and she to wore the same kind of padlocked high-heeled shoes
that the other two women wore. She looked very sleek and the thought of
being in such close company of these women was almost making Julie wet
with excitement, especially in light of her recent fantasies.

Julie was about to leave when the two women in
the latex dresses approached her and one of them asked her if her and the
other lady could be of any assistance. Julie did not know what to say,
so many things in the store had caught her eye, but she had been to embarrassed
to ask for help. The other woman in the latex dress said “Its ok to be
a little shy if this is your first time in a store like this” she said,
“Most people are embarrassed by what they see here.” 
Julie kind of stuttered..”  Umm.... well...” 
“Its ok.” said the other woman,” were all the
same here would you like to try something on? “We don’t bite or anything.
“ “There was one thing.” Julie said as she nervously pointed to one of
the racks that was holding a large assortment of latex catsuits. The woman
said  “ its alright, come with me...we’ll have you fixed up in no
time.” 
Julie hadn’t noticed the woman in the catsuit
following close behind, before she could react the latex catsuited woman
had put a cloth soaked in a little chloroform over Julie’s face while the
other two women grabbed her by her arms and held her tight, Julie tried
to struggle but it was no use, she passed out....

...A long moment of darkness passed before Julie
finally came back into consciousness, at first she could not remember anything,
and then slowly she became aware that she was no longer in the store, instead
she could see that she was now in a dungeon type of environment. She was
aware that she was no longer wearing her dress and pantyhose, she was now
wearing one of the special latex catsuits that she had seen in the store,
the catsuit was all one piece of molded rubber right down to the six inch
high heels, gloves and open face hood, her hair was pulled through a molded
cone shaped hole at the top of the hood, like the ones she had seen on
the cover of the fetish latex magazine. As Julie became more conscious
she was aware of a feeling of something hard but not too hard up inside
of her pussy, she looked around and could see that she was shackled spread
eagle to a wall.

As she looked down at her sleek latex catsuited
body to her crotch, she could see a short nub of a molded tube protruding
from her crotch, it had the appearance like something was supposed to be
attached to the tube end but wasn’t. Around Julie’s neck was a leather
posture collar with metal “D” rings attached for fastening chains or ropes,
this was padlocked at the back and prevented any access to the top of the
zipper that ran down the back of the catsuit, she was completely sealed
in and whoever had the key to the padlock was the only one who could get
her out of the latex catsuit. Julie had never been in a predicament like
this before, she felt helpless and humiliated, although as angry as she
was she could not help but be a little aroused by her present situation,
here she was totally helpless, shackled spread eagle to a wall in a dungeon,
wearing a latex padlocked catsuit with a dildo held firmly up her cunt
by the tightness of the latex catsuit.

After some short time had passed, Julie began
to rotate her hips causing the dildo to churn deep inside her, she was
deep in fantasy again, this time trying to make the most of her situation,
after about twenty minutes latter she was close to orgasm when the heavy
door to the dungeon opened.  The woman who looked familiar to Julie
in the latex catsuit came in, she walked straight up to Julie and grabbed
her forcefully and passionately by her latex covered crotch, she then began
to French kiss her very passionately, Rubbing the protruding tube, as she
kissed and grabbed at the tube pulling on it, stretching the rubber away
from her pussy, pulling and pushing the dildo with it, in and out while
her other hand grabbed Julie’s breast and squeezed her latex covered nipples
hard, Julie moaned in ecstasy against the kisses of the other woman, she
grunted and groaned as the other woman forcefully rammed the dildo in and
out of Julie’s hot soaking pussy, as Julie moaned and grunted she was fast
approaching an orgasm, she moaned deeper and her body shook as the waves
of pleasure flowed from her hot wet cunt to her entire body.

The other woman seeing that she was having an
orgasm decided to finish off by pulling the dildo almost all the way out,
which would have been impossible because of the tightness of the latex
catsuit, she pulled it as far as it would go and then let it go so as it
snapped forcefully back up Julie’s cunt, “UUuunHH!” she grunted in a very
satisfying way to the other woman. I guess that was the mean streak in
the other woman coming out, she loved the way Julie grunted so much that
she gave her another deep kiss and pulled the dildo out and snapped the
it up her cunt again, Julie grunted again.  She then whispered in
Julie’s ear, “We are going to have fun with you...you sexy little bitch!”

The woman in the latex catsuit strutted around
the dungeon, she walked a few meters away from where Julie was shackled
spread eagle to the wall, paused a moment while Julie was only now gathering
her composure after her orgasmic ordeal, she looked towards Julie with
a smile on her face and said, “You know we were watching you pleasure yourself?”
As pointed to a small video camera attached to the ceiling a few meters
in front of where Julie was shackled. “Yes...I watched you as you grinded
your sweet sexy hips, I’ll bet that dildo feels good? You will feel a lot
more pleasure by the time we are done with you my love.” Julie looked up
at the camera, she felt embarrassed, like she was a child caught with her
panties down, she felt humiliated. “I liked to watch you so much that I
just had to come and have you for myself.” The woman said. The dungeon
door opened and the other two women who were at the store came in, only
now they to were wearing skintight latex catsuits similar to the one Julie
had on.

Julie could see that the catsuits also had a short
nub of a tube protruding from each of the catsuits between the women’s
legs. Each of the women had their hair pulled pony style through the top
of the same latex hoods. Julie from her point of view could also see that
each latex catsuit had the same type of nub like short tube attachment
protruding from each of the woman’s breasts, positioned right over the
nipples of each woman, it was only at this point was Julie suddenly noticed
that her latex catsuit also had the same short tube attachment, she was
then aware of the feeling that each of her nipples were fitted perfectly
into the tube-like protrusions, she began to wonder what they could be
for.

The woman who had been speaking to Julie motioned
with her hand to the two other women, who then walked over to a large kind
of machine in the far corner of the dungeon, Julie could see that the machine
was silver, most likely chrome and black, it had a very strange look to
it, it was round and oval in general appearance and not too much unlike
some futuristic motor bike, on top of the machine was an over sized seat
which resembled the seat of a motor bike only it was large almost the size
of a small bed.

Julie noticed the seat was curved inward in some
places so as a person could either lie down or sit up in it, it seamed
to have been designed for a number of different uses, Julie could see that
the machine had all kinds of ports and tubes coming from a central two
and a half foot oval shaped sphere which was attached to front of the machine
where the seat began to split and bend downwards in kind of a “Y” shape,
at the ends of the seat and at some other points where a persons ankles
or wrists might end up there were metal shackles also attached to the machine,
these were thick metal straps that hinged closed and locked with a latch.
The seat curved inwards in the middle where one
could straddle themselves over the machine and their ankles would be in
the shackles mounted to the sides of the machine, between the legs of the
straddle position the seat had a port about three inches in diameter where
a tube could be attached, the tube between Julie’s legs entered her mind
and she was beginning to suspect just what it was for.

The machine was beautifully crafted, it had a
very sleek yet ominous appearance, it almost had an organic look to it,
and yet it looked sexy as well, just looking at it made all kinds of things
run through your mind, you did not know weather to be frightened or excited,
it had just that sort of look.
“ I’ll bet you’re not too comfortable shackled
to that wall, are you my love?” The woman in the latex catsuit’s voice
interrupted Julie’s study of the machine. “That’s ok my love, I’ll find
you something more comfortable, just be patient.”
The woman motioned to the other two-catsuited
women who were fiddling with the machine. “All done?” She said, the two
other women replied, “Yes Mistress.” “Good...good...now lets give this
sexy little bitch the best orgasms she’s ever had, and make her never need
a man ever again.” “With pleasure Mistress.” Replied the two women. 
“But before we do I want to have a little more fun tormenting this sweet
nymph, I want her to watch as we have some fun of our own.” The Mistress
said. “Oh, yes Mistress replied the other two women.” The two women went
immediately to another corner of the dungeon and dragged into the middle
of the floor a large red rubber mattress and placed it about four meters
in front of where Julie was shackled to the wall.

The Mistress strutted to the center of the mattress
and stood on her High heels with her long glossy latexed legs spread slightly
apart, she turned around with her back towards Julie and with her legs
strait bent over slowly, sliding her latexed hands down her long legs until
she reached her ankles, Julie could see every curve of the Mistress’s slender
body, she could see the way the light reflected off her tight latexed shapely
butt, the Mistress rose up slowly turned around to face Julie and parted
her long legs, facing towards Julie’s shackled body the Mistress began
to rub her tight latexed pussy, watching Julie’s reaction the whole time.
”Now you get to watch me.” She said to Julie.

The Mistress stretched her arms above her head
as she called to the other two women, “Pleasure me, and make me cum slaves.”
“Oh yes Mistress.” replied the other two women. The two women one on each
side of the Mistress’s stretched out body each took a wrist of the Mistress’s
and shackled it to a large metal ring bolted to the ceiling above her head.
Julie watched as the two women in the latex catsuits began to explore the
mistresses tight latexed body, one woman went down on her knees and began
licking the mistress’s ankles and feet as the other woman stood partially
behind the mistress and with one hand was rubbing her tight latexed pussy
while the other hand grabbing at one of her nipples over top of her tight
latexed breasts, she began to kiss the mistress passionately.

The Mistress began to moan, ”Yes... fuck me...
make me cum.” The woman at the Mistress’s feet then began to attach a leg
spreader bar to her ankles as the other woman now had a nice six inch vibrator
dildo with a remote control box, she pulled at the neck of the Mistress’s
latex catsuit and dropped the vibrator in between her breasts, she then
began to slowly work the vibrator under the latex catsuit down towards
the mistress’s wet pussy, it took a while for her to get it there but once
it was there she began to pull the latex away from her pussy allowing the
vibrator to be positioned point first at her pussy lips, she positioned
it just right so as once she let go of the latex, the tightness of the
latex at her crotch would make the vibrator slip up into her wet pussy.

The mistress moaned as the vibrator slowly by
the pull of the tight latex began to enter her, she tried to close her
legs together but the leg spreader prevented her from doing so. The mistress
was now as helpless as Julie, as the vibrator slipped deep into her wet
pussy, she grunted with pleasure as the other woman who had just finished
with the leg spreader rose up to her feet and grabbed her by the crotch
forcing the vibrator even deeper, as the Mistress grunted with delight
she kissed her passionately rubbing her latex covered crotch where the
vibrator was now firmly in place.

Julie was now more than just a little turned on
by the spectacle before her, she began to rotate her hips wildly hopping
for the same satisfaction the Mistress was feeling, she began grinding
and thrusting her hips in and out causing her dildo attached to her latex
catsuit to churn deep inside her, she to began to moan, remembering what
it felt like when the Mistress was playing with her crotch tube, she wished
one of the women would free the Mistress so that she could do it to her
again, she was close to having an orgasm but without that external help
her orgasm would only tease her, she was powerless to do anything except
try to get herself off and watch as the Mistress was being pleasured by
the two women in latex.

The other woman who had the remote control box
and was standing partially behind the Mistress was now turning on the vibrator
with a speed sensitive switch, she started the vibrator off slowly and
the turned it up full as the mistresses body began to quiver with pleasure
she moaned and grunted as the two women played with her helpless body.
The vibrator deep inside the Mistress’s hot wet pussy also had the ability
to expand and contract as well as just vibrate at different speeds, the
head of the vibrator could also rotate around in different pasterns, the
woman in control began to play with the vibrators controls causing the
Mistress to scream with pleasure, ”Fuck me...Fuck me!” She screamed, “Make
me cum!”...”Make me cum you little whores!” The other woman got down on
her knees again and pressed her mouth against the Mistress’s latex covered
vibrator and pussy, she began to bite hold of the latex covered end of
the vibrator and while the other woman controlled the vibrator, she began
sucking and biting, pulling on the vibrator, in and out, in and out, she
sucked and pulled on the vibrator while with her other hand rubbing the
tight latex between her own legs.
The Mistress was in the middle of a good “Fuck
me” phrase when she had her own sweet orgasm, her whole body quivered and
shook “F,FuCK.....MMmee....OOHHH...UUnh!” The Mistress finally came; it
was always better when she had a captive audience.

Julie hung from her shackles, robbed of her orgasm,
images of the Mistress being pleasured by the two women in the latex catsuits
still fresh in her mind. Julie had so hoped that at least one of the women
would have came over and started to pleasure her as well, but she remembered
what the Mistress had said, that she wanted to torment her before having
fun with her, Julie did not know why but she could not help but like the
Mistress, she certainly kissed her better and more passionately than any
man had ever, she was very turned on by her and she suspected that the
Mistress knew this, and that was why she had shown off her body in front
of her. The Mistress and the other two women had left for a while after
their sexual spectacle was over, and Julie was left alone again, although
she now knew about the video camera, and knew that they were probably watching
her to see if she would still try to pleasure her self.

Here she was shackled, held somewhat against her
will, although she was beginning to enjoy it now, it had become quite clear
to her that they did not intend to harm her in any way, but she still felt
a little on edge about that because there is no way for her to be sure
of that, its just no harm has come to her yet and the threat of any harm
did not seam to be there, Julie was a lot more relaxed about her situation
and she longed for the Mistress’s touch and kisses, she was having fantasies
about the Mistress snapping her dildo up her cunt, she wished she had done
it during the spectacle she was forced to watch when she was close to an
orgasm.

The door to the Dungeon swung open and in came
the Mistress and the two women still in the same latex catsuits, Julie
wondered if the Mistress still had her vibrator up her, she so wanted to
see her pleasured again and to be a part of it.
“Ok my love... It’s play time!” The Mistress
motioned the two women over towards Julie, Julie watched as the two women
approached her, they, one on each side of her removed the shackles from
Julie’s latex covered ankles, each of the women then wrapped a leg around
Julie’s leg to prevent her from moving, they then removed the shackles
from her wrists and pulled her arms behind her back, the two women had
her held firmly, not that Julie was in any condition to try and escape
after being shackled to the wall for so long, it was more of a precautionary
measure and to exercise control over her.

The Mistress walked straight up to Julie and grabbed
her hair by the pony tail and jerked her head back with her left hand and
kissed her, and with her right hand grabbed Julie’s crotch tube and pulled
it and the dildo out and let it snap back up her cunt, ”UunnnhHH!” Julie
grunted as the dildo slammed back up her inside of her as she was kissed
by the Mistress, Julie tried to struggle but the two women had her held
tightly with their latexed legs wrapped around Julie’s legs. “Oh I love
the way she grunts when I do that... don’t you?” “Yes Mistress.” ”Ok slaves...
to the sex machine with this horny little bitch!” ”Oh yes Mistress!” Julie
was resisting as much as she could in her weakened condition as the two
rubber slaves pulled her towards the sleek black and chrome sex machine,
Julie was a little worried now and wondered what she was in for.

The rubber slaves grabbed Julie by her legs and
with a little help from the Mistress lifted Julie into the straddle position
onto the sex machine, while the Mistress held Julie’s arms behind her back
and held her firmly in the seat, the other two women each shackled Julie’s
legs to each side of the sex machine, the two rubber slaves then each took
an arm of Julie’s and shackled them out stretched to the arm holders at
the sides of the sex machine so as she was held arms out to the sides of
the machine, the Mistress herself began to attach the hoses from the ports
in the machine to the ones on Julie’s latex catsuit, she attached the tubes
that go to the breasts, Julie was a little frightened and began to struggle,
but she was held firmly to the seat by her shackled ankles. The Mistress
smiled at Julie and said, “Don’t worry my love this will not hurt...we
are not into pain here, only pleasure, I promise this will be the best
fuck you’ve ever had.” And with that she gave Julie a big wet passionate
kiss, Julie moaned, “God I love you.” she said. She didn’t mean for that
to slip out, she was just caught off guard, It was actually the first thing
she had said since her capture, ”I know said the Mistress, I know you do.”

The Mistress continued connecting the tubes to
Julie’s breasts, Julie could feel something being slipped over each of
her nipples as the tubes were attached, once the tubes to her breasts were
connected the Mistress started to work on the one that goes to the crotch
of the latex catsuit, she from the small three inch molded hole in the
seat between Julie’s legs pulled out a tube and began to attach it to the
short tube between Julie’s legs.
“You know when you were unconscious and we undressed
you, and I slipped your pantyhose off of your long lovely legs, I shaved
your pussy for you.” The Mistress said to Julie, she then attached a control
clamp to the tube close to the surface of her latex catsuit; this was so
as the machine could manipulate the dildo which was now completely hooked
up and fully functional. The Mistress gave Julie a final deep wet kiss
and said, “Ok my love it’s fun time.”

Mistress walked to the front of the machine and
stared at the control panel, “Now let me see,” she said “I think we’ll
set it for one hour... any longer might kill you... and I don’t want that.
And I think we will set the orgasm detect, and we’ll set it for hard fuck,
multiple orgasm with a generous squirting of euphoria inducing artificial
cum, I think a hard squirt at three second intervals, three times on each
orgasm detect so as you can really feel the machine Cumming in you, and
that will almost about do it. You are going to be so wet at the end of
this my sweet little bitch. And just for fun I think we will set your dildo
to have pulsating raised studs during the slow fuck mode, that’s always
nice for an orgasm or two.”

“And lets see...um a good nipple sucking and squeezing
also I think.” The Mistress upon completing the control panel configuration
walked over to Julie who was helplessly shackled to the sex machine about
to be fucked senseless by a machine that would not stop until its program
was completed, Julie wondered if she was going to live through it.
The Mistress smiled at Julie and said, “Ready
for the fuck of a life time?” Julie begged, “Please don’t I’ll do anything.”
“I know you will.” The Mistress replied, and with that she pushed the activator
button, the machine hummed as it started its hour-long program. The Mistress
and the two woman rubber slaves went back over to the red rubber mattress
to pleasure themselves and watch as Julie groaned in ecstasy at the mercy
of the sex machine.

From where Julie was positioned she could see
the three women clad entirely in their latex catsuits copulating on the
mattress, Julie grunted as the machine stretched the dildo almost all the
way out of her hot wet pussy and then rammed it back up her, her hips were
rotating and thrusting with each hard fuck, Julie moaned and grunted as
she forced herself against the shackles that held her latexed legs tightly
to the sides of the sex machine, her back arched as the dildo was repeatedly
rammed in and out, ”Ohh fuck!” Julie cried, the machine momentarily lapsed
into “slow Fuck” mode, Julie grunted and rocked her hips against the dildo
as the studs began to raise, the machine fucked her slow and deep, Julie
moaned with ecstasy at the approach of an orgasm, the machine sensing an
orgasm was coming immediately returned to “hard fuck” mode, The dildo rammed
in and out, Julie screamed, ”Yes fuck me... fuck me...cum in me!” The hoses
attached to her latex covered nipples were squeezing and sucking, her tits
had never felt so good, she squirmed in ecstasy.

Julie’s first orgasm came and the machine began
to squirt hot artificial euphoria inducing cum up Julie’s already very
wet cunt, Julie moaned and grunted as the studded dildo squirted the hot
cum deep into her, one squirt...”UuHhhh...!”And another squirt ”OHhhh....!”And
another “UUNnHHH.... OH GOD!”, Julie could feel the hot cum leaking out
of her cunt and squishing in the crotch of her latex catsuit, the machine
then went back into “hard fuck” mode, the dildo ramming in and out of her
dripping wet cunt, the machine fucked her hard, starting on its way to
bringing her to another orgasm, Julie was thrusting her pelvis back and
forth and she rotated her hips wildly as the dildo was rammed up her dripping
cunt, the euphoric creating cum was starting to work and Julie was fast
approaching another orgasm, the machine again lapsed into ”slow fuck” mode,
the studs on the dildo raised as it churned deep inside of her, the dildo
pumped in and out, the studs racking her inside making her want to cum,
her second orgasm came sweet and swift, the machine rammed the dildo deep
inside her and began squirting more hot cum up her excessively wet cunt,
she could feel it squishing all over the outside of her pussy and all around
her pelvic area, she could feel it seeping down between her legs to her
butt, she was absolutely soaked in her own juices as well as large amounts
of artificial cum, the machine rammed her deep and she screamed, “Fuck...fuck
me...Oh god...Ungh..UUngh!”

Julie watched as the three women pleasured each
other, the two rubber slaves had taken the Mistress down on the rubber
mattress and one was between her legs and sucking on her latex covered
pussy, while the other woman had gotten on her knees and straddled the
Mistress with her tight latexed butt in her face enabling the Mistress
to bite hold of her pussy tube attachment, the Mistress was forcing it
in and out with her head motions, the woman on top was moaning with delight.
Julie’s moans and cries were music to the Mistress’s
ears, her pleasant sounds of one orgasm after another along with the other
two women in rubber on top of her, were quickly bringing her to her own
sweet orgasm, she to was moaning in ecstasy.
The sex machine continued to ram the studded
dildo up Julie’s cunt, Julie watched as the latexed women brought the Mistress
to orgasm, she moaned and grunted as she watched the woman sucking and
biting on the Mistress’s latex covered pussy, The Mistress screamed as
she reached her orgasm, the two slaves then got up and removed the leg.
Spreader from her ankles and they left her lying on the rubber mattress
with her legs spread open.

Julie was fast approaching another orgasm as the
sex machine continued to ram the dildo up her hot soaked cunt, the dildo
rammed in and out with ease, she was so wet and slimy, the artificial cum
made a very excellent lubricant, Julie moaned in ecstasy as the dildo rammed
her. The mistress had been lying outstretched on the rubber mattress listening
to Julie’s moans for about twenty minutes after the other two women had
left, she stirred from her rest and got up to her feet, she stretched and
then strutted over to the sex machine, Julie was still moaning and writhing
under the continuous fucking she was receiving at the mercy of the relentless
machine. She could hear the sound of the Mistress’s high heels clicking
on the hard dungeon floor as she neared the sex machine.
The Mistress could see by an indicator light
that the machine was almost at the end of its program and that Julie was
about to have another orgasm, she walked over to the side of the machine
so as she was right beside Julie, she looked at her writhing in ecstasy
as she was nearing an orgasm, the machine continued to ram the dildo in
and out of Julie’s wet helpless cunt, “Uunngh... Uunngh...!” Julie grunted.
“You know an orgasm is always best when you’re getting a nice wet kiss.”
The Mistress said and she grabbed Julie by the ponytail and jerked her
head back and started to kiss her passionately.

The sex machine sensing Julie was about to have
another orgasm began to fuck her harder and faster, “Uunngh....Uungh..OOhh!”
Julie grunted as the studded dildo rammed deep up her cunt, the machine
began to squirt more hot cum up Julie’s wet hot cunt, she could feel the
vibrating dildo penetrating deeper as it fucked her “Uungh...Uunngh...!”
She grunted as the cum squirted deep inside her, she turned her head away
from the Mistresses kisses in order to catch some breath, the Mistress
loved the feel of her squirming under her sex machine, she grabbed one
of Julie’s breasts and squeezed it lovingly, Julie was Cumming like she
had never before, the Mistress continued to kiss Julie all over her face
allowing her mouth to breath, the breast hoses were sucking and squeezing
her nipples while the Mistress cupped one breast in her latexed hand and
squeezed it lovingly. The vibration of the dildo kept changing from fast
to slow as it continued to ram in and out making muffled squishing sounds
inside the crotch of her latex catsuit as it did, Julie had never been
so wet.

Her back arched as her orgasm continued, the dildo
ramming in and out changing vibration speeds, changing from studded to
un studded, squirting hot cum deep inside her cunt, her ankles writhed
in their metal shackles, her wrists struggled for freedom, her sweet hips
thrusting onto the relentless dildo, in and out faster then slower, studded
and un studded, squirting hot cum every three seconds, Julie screamed as
the dildo fucked her deeper, the Mistress continuing to kiss and play with
her, at times she felt it would never end, “F F Fuu cc kk...Uunnngghhh...
UUunngh...!” she grunted as the orgasm and the machine finally finished,
one final squirt of hot cum and it was all over, Julie sank into the seat
as the Mistress finished off with a nice deep long kiss, sticking her tongue
deep into Julie’s mouth and lashing it around passionately.

“UUmmm...wasn’t that the best fuck you’ve ever
had my love?” Julie did not say anything, she merely looked at the Mistress
exhausted, the Mistress could tell by the satisfied look on her face that
it was indeed the best she’s ever had. The door to the Dungeon opened and
the other two women entered, they came up to the sex machine and undid
the shackles which held Julie’s wrists and then they removed the shackles
around her ankles, the Mistress helped Julie into the lying down position
on the sex machine’s seat, she lifted Julie’s legs one at a time and placed
one on each of the parts of the seat that was split into
a “Y” shape and bent downwards at the knee, Julie
was thankful for the help since her legs felt like jelly after such a long
fucking.

The two other latex catsuited women fastened Julie’s
wrists to the other shackles that were meant for the lying down position
on the sex machine, while the Mistress shackled her ankles to the new position,
Julie was afraid that she was going to be fucked again by the machine and
began to squirm, the Mistress quickly finished tightening the last shackle
around Julie’s slender latexed ankle, and said “Don’t worry yourself sweetness...
even I’m not that cruel, this is just till you recover... and then ...maybe?”
Julie still squirmed against the shackles, but then realizing it was useless
to try and escape she sank back into the sex machine’s bed like seat and
relaxed herself, she had no choice but to take the Mistress at her word,
besides she thought she really seams to like me, she certainly enjoyed
watching her getting fucked and pleasured, for now Julie would just have
to wait and see what the Mistress had in store for her next.

After a few moments of strutting around the Dungeon,
occasionally looking at Julie’s helpless body shackled to the sex machine
with her long slender latexed legs spread out on the “Y” part of the bed
like seat with her arms spread and shackled above her head, the Mistress
came over to Julie’s side, she looked her latex covered body over and then
bent over Julie and gave her another of her passionate kisses. “I have
a proposition for you.” she said, she paused a moment and then continued,
“I’m looking for someone else to help me run my store... You see one of
the other women will be leaving soon and I will be short staffed... I’m
also looking for a new lover and I would like it to be you... so think
about it while you rest up.”

Julie didn’t have to think about it, she already
knew she loved her in return, and her present job was getting her nowhere,
not even much of a social life, Julie called to the Mistress who promptly
came over to Julie’s side, she motioned with her head for the Mistress
to come closer, she bent over close to Julie’s face, and Julie said, “I
accept your offer and I already love you.”
She strained her neck against the leather posture
collar to try and kiss her, the Mistress responded with a deep passionate
kiss, after the woman said “I’ll come back in a few minutes and get you,”
as she left for the Dungeon door she paused a moment and turned back to
look at where Julie was still shackled to the sex machine, “Oh by the way
I hope you enjoyed the “FETISH RUBBER” magazine?”

And the Dungeon door closed behind her before
Julie could say anything. Julie was shocked, no wonder the woman had looked
so familiar to her, she was the woman on the Subway that Julie had admired
and who had left the magazine on the subway a year and a half ago. It all
made sense to her now and she could not help but wonder as she lie there
if the woman had not deliberately left the magazine behind in the hope
that she would pick it up and become interested in the latex, the piece
of paper that fell out of the magazine with the address of the store on
it was certainly tantalizing proof that this was indeed the case, Julie
did not know whether or not to hate the woman for manipulating her like
that, but she could not help but admire how clever her plan had worked
either, she thought about it as she lie shackled to the sex machine, I
love her, I really do love her, and with that thought in her mind she began
to rotate her hips and churn the dildo around inside of her  which
was still attached to the control clamp.

“I love you.” she said as she slowly thrust the
studded dildo deep into her still dripping wet cunt...Julie began to pleasure
herself again.

\*\*\* THE END?  \*\*\*

The story continues in
[Part
Two - Julie's First Day](latex_dungeon2.html)
