---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Training of Slave Selena
authors:
- James W
tags:
- MF
- latex
- catsuit
- SBR
- mackingtosh
- fantasy
- sex
- cons
- X
date: 2009-01-04 00:00:00
---

Story continued from [Part 1](training_slaveselena.html)

**Part Two**

**Chapter 3: The Weekend**

Returning that evening from a busy day at work she immediately stripped and showered. Then with mounting excitement, got herself ready for James, first, she slid herself into her latex suit zipping up the back zip; she shuddered with mounting excitement. Next, she fitted her corset a constant companion, admiring the combination of red on the black of her suit. The suit fitted her like a second skin. The breast cups lifted and separated her firm breasts; her nipples hard and swollen showed through the obsidian covering. She was pleased with the effect; pulling on latex gloves she wished she could spend all her time like this.

Finally she pulled on her riding boots applied fresh make up paying particular attention to her eye shadow and lipstick. She was finally ready for her knight to arrive on his powerful motorcycle. Selena had no idea where she was to spend the night and didn’t care, so long as she could be with James. She had bought an erotic card for James when she had bought the latex gloves. Now she took it from the bag and admired the image. A Bob Carlos-Clarke photo image of a lady dressed in a tightly belted mackintosh pensively looking at her reflection in the puddle she was standing in. Selena opened the card and wrote:

Dearest James,
My knight dressed in SBR I give you my latex covered body willingly. Enjoy me, enjoy yourself!
Your lady,
Selena
PS Have a super week-end.

She sealed the envelope and sat waiting for the adventure to begin; the time she thought would never come had finally arrived.

Within minutes the door bell rang and to her delight it was James. Not that any ordinary person would have been able to tell. He stood there an image to behold. Gleaming black, head to foot; a tinted visor obscured his features. Selena instantly knew it was him and without hesitation threw her arms around her lover and smothered his visor with kisses. She was blissfully unaware that she was standing in the doorway of her flat dressed in a latex suit for any of her fellow flat dwellers to see.

“James oh James you’re here at last. I thought the time would never come. You look quite stunning, you sexy man, you tease me so, I can’t get at you now but I intend to as soon as I can! Please come in, I want to kiss you!”

James picked Selena up and carried her over the thresh-hold of her flat. He had not visited it before and was interested in seeing where Selena lived. Putting her down carefully, he took off his helmet then removed the open faced latex underhelmet he was wearing. Selena swooned at the sight of his handsome features. They kissed the kiss of lovers; tongues entwining, hearts beating. They were united again. James was the first to speak.

“Selena I so want to make love to you now just as much as you want me to, yet we must get going, so let’s pack your things and be on our way.”

He carried with him a black plastic sack which contained Selena’s waterproof suit together with the pannier liner.

“May I say how delicious you look, in your latex suit,” adding, “I see gloves, a new acquisition?”

Selena pulled on the padded lined suit of glossy black PVC and zipped and buttoned the various water proof flaps, finally donning her new crash helmet before fixing the high collar to her sealed riding suit. They looked the perfect pair of matched riders James carried Selena’s packed pannier together with her SBR down to the bike. The light was just beginning to fade as they set off. It looked like rain, but they were dressed for it, indeed they welcomed the rain as a friend, let it pour, we are properly protected in our riding suits they both thought. Climbing on behind her lover she was delighted with the sensation of her latex pants tightly hugging her moist hairless vagina, and the warm caress of her latex suit under her padded oversuit she was off on an exciting adventure.

Selena clung to James; arms around his waist with gloved hands resting on his thighs. Thus the two lovers sped on their way; only James knowing where they would end up. Selena had ridden occasionally on a Motorcycle over the years and had enjoyed it greatly, but none of her boy friends had got the same enjoyment out of the dressing up for the bad weather. Now Selena was in seventh heaven; swathed in layers of protective clothing she was in her element. When it came on to rain her joy was intensified. She could feel simultaneously the thrill of being dressed as she was as well as the throb of the big bike through the seat. She was as horny as hell.

The warmth of her lovers back so close, at last, as she pressed her protected body against his, had her in complete bliss.’ this is perfect’ she voiced to herself. Not since the days where she was a child riding on the back of her dads bike had she enjoyed anything like this. Now as a mature independent woman she took sexual delight in the experience. Closing her eyes, she imagined them making love on some wet mossy bank both dressed as they were, protected yet vulnerable; James entering her willing body via a secret opening in her riding suit.

Together they sped onwards to the prearranged destination. Selena wanted this riding experience to go on for ever. Riding as one they were united at last. For his part James could feel his willing lady as occasionally she squeezed her thighs on his and pressed her twice gloved hand on his inside thighs. He knew Selena was enjoying the ride just as much as he; she was a natural pillion and moulded into him to become one. As it grew dark the heavens opened and the two of them gained a thrill as the rain dashed harmlessly against their protected bodies. To the onlooker they appeared as two glossy black figures speeding through the rain to an unknown destination.

After what seemed like a few moments to Selena, she was so enjoying the riding experience, the bike pulled into a lane and slowed. Selena knew they must be nearing their destination. Soon they stopped. The two hours they had been travelling had brought them to East Sussex. Unbeknown to Selena, Bill had a weekend cottage at Afriston deep in the countryside but close to the channel. It was a retreat for him and over the years he had many pleasant hours there both alone and with other female friends.

The first words that Selena uttered were, “James take me inside and make love to me; I’ve never been so sexually aroused by anything else except sex! Riding with you like this is amazingly erotic.”

James pushed up his visor, took the wet figure of Selena and swept her off her feet, carrying her to the front door of his retreat. There he gently put her down, raised a finger to his lips and indicated that she should remain silent. He then closed Selena’s visor. She stood there eyes closed, silent, waiting for James next move. She heard the door being opened then she was picked up and carried across the threshold. She felt aglow in her latex clad body; she was ready for anything. James took her straight to his bedroom. There he began undressing his lover. First the helmet was removed allowing Selena’s plaited hair to fall. She opened her eyes briefly to see her knight still fully clad, visor down. She knew then that he was going to undress her item by item and she was to do the same to him; teasing each other to the peak of unrequited lust for each other prior to the slacking of their long held thirst.

Selena closed her eyes and stood quite still, she was his plaything, his object of desire, his tease. She would enjoy the experience every bit of it; her burning desire could and would wait. Fleeting fantasy images of snatches of film she had seen appeared as fragmented pictures. Her breathing shorter, she was primed to subside into feminine passion. Now James released the press studs at her throat and peeled back the Velcro fastening down the front of her riding suit. The zip was slowly opened, then to her consternation it was pulled up as if closing again. Selena’s heart missed a beat, an unvoiced, ‘you tease’ as she swooned. She desperately wanted to kiss James but couldn’t. The zip was opened again; she felt her riding gloves being removed then the press studs at the ankle were released. She stepped out of her riding suit, emerging like a butterfly from its cocoon.

Standing there gleaming in her black latex suit, she was manoeuvred over to a seat and her boots were removed. Now it was her turn to strip her lover. Selena opened her eyes; now fully in the game she teased James equally; she left his crash helmet on until he was standing dressed in his latex suit; she could see the bulge at the zipped crotch, yet she knew she must wait for him to make the next move. Finally, she removed his helmet but not before she played with his nipples. He squirmed and moaned with pleasure.

Then with one swift movement he grabbed hold of Selena’s narrow waist and eased her back onto his latex sheeted bed. There they both said nothing, there was no need, only voiced moanings and gasps of delight rose from the two entwined lovers as they celebrated their desire for each other. They were both overwhelmed with desire and the floodgates of orgasm were almost simultaneously arrived at; Selena climaxed first, lost beyond recall to her orgasmic pleasures. For a brief moment, she was totally lost in a euphoric state, beyond consciousness, then as James came she felt the throbbing of his tumescent member deep, oh so deep within her very being, pumping love juices into her. Selena clung to her lover, at peace, fulfilled, never wanting release from the intense source of pleasure. They lay there panting, Then they opened their eyes at the same moment; James on top gazing down still within Selena. She smiled at him; there was no need for words. Her hair, still plaited but in a tangle, small beads of perspiration glistening on her upper lip and forehead.

“Please James, stay just where you are, the feelings are divine, you look so much the knight in your glossy latex armour.” Adding,” I want to enjoy this moment.” Thus, still joined they each enjoyed the sight of the other clad in shiny black latex knowing they were confirmed rubberists. The warm aroma, of latex a sweet smell, unique to latex, a heady mixture, intoxicating and to which they were both addicted to rising from the bed and their covered bodies, as they lay contented, fulfilled and panting.

James eventually got out of bed and went off to shower. “I’ll change into my latex dressing gown; I’ve got one for you too.” He called out as he disappeared.

Selena could hear the shower running. She jumped out of bed and from the pocket of her riding suit pulled out the card she had bought for James. She went through to the sitting room into the dining room and placed it on the table setting. The table had been laid in preparation for the coming evening meal. James must have a ‘Mrs Mop’, she reasoned because when they arrived one or two lights were already on and the place felt warm.

Selena went through to the hall and there were a couple of mackintoshes hanging up. She returned to the bedroom put on her boots and grabbing one of James SBR’s wrapped it around her warm latex suited body, opened the front door and went to the bike. She removed the roll bag from the rear carrier and opened and removed the pannier liners containing their clothing for the weekend. Carrying them back to the cottage she took them through to the bedroom, James was still in the shower; he was singing. Selena stood quite still, closed her eyes and felt like pinching herself to make sure this was actually happening and real. James emerged from the shower to see his love dressed as if ready to leave for a walk.

“Wow! You are not thinking of leaving me.” He good-naturedly inquired. “Or is it that you are more addicted to dressing up than me?”

“On the first count,” Selena returned, walking over to James still wet naked body and throwing her arms around his neck in the way she was prone to do. “No, I’m in seventh heaven being with you, you lovely man. “ She looked steadily into his eyes and spoke. ”On the second count, I may well be more addicted than you!”

James felt a tingle in his groin. He pulled his lady still fully dressed in latex and SBR close to him, inwardly counting his blessings and gave Selena a lingering kiss; the water from his naked body harmlessly wetting the surface of her SBR. When at last the kiss ended they were both excited and breathless. “Come on my latex lady; let me help you out of your cocoon. I bet you are ready for a shower?”

“Yep, but I could stay like this for ever. I’m so happy James and want this to last.”

By the time Selena had showered, dried her hair and reapplied her make up she could hear him busying himself in the kitchen. She slipped on the deep crimson latex gown which James had thoughtfully laid on the bed. Mrs Mop had obviously stocked the fridge and larder. Selena moved through to join James. It all seemed so cosy; two lovers beginning the exciting exploration of each other, physically, mentally and spiritually. The beginning of the relationship had been most auspicious. It was clear they had so much in common.

James came out of the kitchen carrying a tray with two crystal champagne flutes and a bottle of bubbly. He immediately went over to the coffee table and picked up the card that Selena had placed there earlier. He saw the words. ‘My knight in shining latex’ and smiled as he tore it open. He read the message that Selena had penned; hearing her voice in his head. He was excited; Selena had, true to her word given herself to him.

“Selena, that was a lovely gesture, I really appreciate your care.” He said moving across the room and tenderly kissing her eyelids as light as a butterfly.

“Now, latex lady of my dreams, lets celebrate, it’s Friday evening and we have the whole weekend ahead of us. I want to ask so many questions, you fascinate me, you arouse me and you remain a mysterious erotic lady.” He went on, as he put the tray down. “I feel there are whole areas of you which I know nothing about; the fact that you love latex as much as me is terribly interesting and exciting. So come on, let’s toast our mutual love of the magic material!”

He ripped off the foil on the champagne, removed the wire and eased the cork out. Pouring the fizz into the two glasses, he picked both up and handing one to Selena. He linked arms with her and looking into her eyes said, “to us, to you and to a wonderful weekend!” They both sipped the champagne letting the bubbles tickle the roofs of their mouths. James lent forward pulling Selena to him and kissed her. As she opened her lips to receive his tongue he dribbled a small quantity of champagne into her open mouth. Selena willingly took in the fizzing liquid, held it for a moment then gave it back to her lover, They ended the kiss both laughing, enjoying the others company.

“You’re such a romantic!” Exclaimed Selena, “you really are my knight in shining black armour. You seemed to have thought of everything, I’m quite captivated by your charm, Sir Knight!” She felt positively light headed, was it the situation or was it the champagne?

Inwardly she knew it was the heady build up to this time. All those years of waiting, secretly hoping for a ‘special’ lover like James, someone who would love and protect her; all those lonely days and weeks and years of unrequited love, not daring to believe that she would ever meet up with the man of her dreams and having to come to terms with a compromise. The potential horror of a boring mundane Mr Average and never being able to openly express her deep felt need to be enclosed in what James apply described as ‘magic’ material, latex. She had not weakened when an increasing number of friends got married and began settling down. Friends aware of Selena’s various promising relationships with handsome young men but which never lasted very long were perplexed and at a loss to understand why. She was beautiful they reasoned, a catch for some lucky man, she was intelligent working with computers as a systems analysis in one of the national companies. Yet every promising relationship seemed to end prematurely. Was Selena too critical, a perfectionist, who could never be completely satisfied with her, various men? Had she too high standards they questioned. It was as if she was questing to some unobtainable goal?

James noticed Selena abstracted look and questioned, “Are you alright my love?”

His words brought Selena back to blissful reality. “Darling James” She uttered with wetness in her eyes. “I’m in heaven.”

The meal was perfect and having consumed both the champagne and half a bottle of Neit-St-George they were both quite tight. After coffee they returned to the sheepskin rug in front of the embers of the log fire. The room lit only by candles was bathed in soft living warmth. They had talked then talked some more over the meal and were both in relaxed comfortable mood. They felt at one together, lovers lost in that timeless limbo, the hours standing still. Selena lay stretched out in her dressing gown, her head on James’s chest, both comfortable on the sheepskin. They were content just chatting, continuing to learn about each other.

They agreed to leave the dishes until the morning then they would breakfast before dressing in their favourite material before going for a long walk all ‘Tight and tidy’ in their latex and SBR’s as James put it. They both hoped for a wet Saturday; certainly the weather forecast had not been good for a November. One low pressure after another with deepening fronts moving across the south east; the ruination of your average couples weekend, but they were anything but average.

Joining each other in bed sliding between silky latex sheets they became one again before both drifted off to deep sleep. When Selena drifted up from unconsciousness in the quiet of the early morning the silence struck her; where was she? What had happened? Then she smiled to herself, recalling the whole adventure, she stretched out to confirm her where-abouts. Yes, she was in heaven, James asleep, lying on his back with his own unique aroma combined with the warm latex caused her to delight in the heady ‘essence’ of her man. Not wanting to wake him she lay quietly beside James, stretched her naked body and resolved to surprise her lover.

She very quietly slid out of bed and tiptoed to the bathroom. There she took down her clean latex suit from a hanger in the shower tray and began turning it the right side out, then ‘talced’ it and thrilled to the caress of its constriction as she fitted herself into it. Zipping herself into it she pulled on latex gloves and tiptoed back to her lovers bed. There she snuggled up to him ready for his awaking. The crotch zip on her suit was open. Selena was moist urgently needing James’s manhood to slide into her to complete their oneness.

Drifting between wakefulness and sleep Selena imagined herself spread eagled on her knights bed, tethered hand and foot to the four corners of the bed, blindfolded entirely clad in latex, waiting, listening but seeing nothing. She had been tethered by her knight then left. She heard the door closing then his footsteps receding. What was happening to her, what fate awaited her?

She had been rescued from an evil suitor who had designs on ‘the dark-haired maiden.’ She had welcomed the striking Black Knight who so manfully rescued her pulling her up behind him to sit bare backed clad now in a heavy black cloak of latex over her suit. He had said little, but she instinctively trusted her gallant rescuer. Together they rode back to his castle. There he lifted her gently down from his charger and carried her to his bed chamber. He said only a few words. “Worry not, dark beauty what I do is for the best, trust me, have no fear.” Then removing her cloak he lay her in a latex covered bed and proceeded to tether her. Initial protests from her resulted in him raising a finger and signalling her to cease speaking. When tethered fully he brought over a second sheet of gleaming latex and threw it over her supine figure. The action of the cool sheet caressing her body brought tingles of excitement and anxiety.

She had lain there quietly for a timeless period enjoying her dark fantasy, when stirrings beside her indicated that her man was beginning to wake. Selena lay quite still within her fantasy eyes tightly shut. James opened his eyes and saw Selena clad in her latex cat suit her eyes shut. Thoughts tumbled into his mind; they had come to bed naked so his lady had obviously got up sometime earlier and dressed to return to their love bed.

He kissed Selena tenderly on the lips then putting his head down to her vagina discovered she was already aroused. The fact that she squirmed when he stroked her clitoris with his tongue confirmed to him that she was ready for penetration. Never the less he teased her for some time before he mounted her and nosing his erect ‘Durexed’ member between her swollen labia lips he quietly and gently entered his love.

Selena lying still in her fantasy had heard the return footsteps of her knight. The doors lock being turned and the vibrations of his closing presence. Blindfolded she could see nothing, only sense what was about to happen. The latex sheet was removed. The opening of her protective suit was undone. She was hugely excited in spite of her predicament and wanted the inevitable violation which she secretly yearned for and which was about to occur. She welcomed the advance and groaned in ecstasy as the knight entered her.

She had never felt anything like this; being over powered rendered helpless played with as if she were a plaything, a toy, having no control whatsoever becoming at once the controlled. Yet abandoning herself to the inevitable, a silent partner in the violation, she willingly, accepting her fate. ‘Black Knight, ravish me she gasped as she took a shuddering climax. When at last the love making was completed Selena opened her eyes and smiled weakly into her lover’s eyes. “James you are my fantasy and my reality”, she murmured. ”Oh darling man you make love like no-one else I’ve ever met. My orgasms are deeper, more satisfying and longer lasting. How do you do it?”

“You turn me on so my latex lady, how on earth did you leave my bed to dress? One of my fantasies is to wake up beside my love clad in latex.”

“ James, I’ve had a wonderful fantasy just before and during our love making. I’ll tell you over breakfast.”

Over breakfast Selena recounted her fantasy to James. He was fascinated and suggested they act out the fantasy when they next made love. Selena was keen to try.

**Chapter 4: Fulfilling a Fantasy**

Outside fully dressed in matching SBR’s all buckled up ‘tight and tidy’ they appeared as two sensibly clad country folk, ready for the vagaries of English weather in November. Gloved, hand in hand they left the cottage under darkening skies. They were together sharing a common interest. Both loved long country walks, both loved dressing up.

The cottage was situated at the end of a narrow lane with woods backing it. Fortunately there were no public paths so they really were on there own. For many the cottage was far too secluded and isolated; yet for James it was the ideal retreat. He had had it for some years, buying it after a particularly successful year after his divorce. Now he was in his element with his friend Selena who was turning out to be a real enthusiast in her own right. She was everything he had ever hoped for, yet having had a divorce he was hesitant to make any formal commitment. He had been down that route before; but somehow he knew in his heart of hearts that in Selena he had found a kindred spirit; a lady he could love.

‘Don’t be an adolescent you’re acting like some star struck youngster.’ He reproached himself. ‘I’m in my forties, sensible, a professional man.’ He told himself. Yet he couldn’t help but enjoy the overwhelming blissful experience he was having with this fascinating lady. Then addressing Selena he spoke.” I’ve got a lovely walk planned with a stop off at a sixteenth century pub for lunch. We can take our time and enjoy the walk returning mid afternoon. I will light the fire and we can have a snug evening together. Adding, “This evening you can tell me more about your fantasies if you care.” Now let’s get going, I’ve been looking forward to this walk with you all week.”

Together they began the walk; each happy, deeply satisfied with the other. They were like a couple of teenagers out on their first date, yet they were both independent adults enjoying the experience of being open and truthful about their shared fetish interest. They walked in silence, content in being out together. The dismal weather irrelevant to them; indeed it made the wearing of their mackintoshes essential; it was for Selena and James a perfect day. Selena enjoyed the quietness of the Sussex countryside. The twenty four hour roar which was the signature of London now seemed in a different universe, replaced now by the rustling of the trees and the sound of the woodland birdsong. She was like James, glad to be away from the hustle and bustle of our capital city. Yet they both enjoyed the thrill of living there, the cultural life was diverse and there was that certain fresson.

To be deep in the Sussex countryside was a chance to breathe deeply without fear of coughing, to experience fresh air and colours and a full horizon to horizon sky. There was no deed for talking now they had no need for it; each taking in the rich fullness of the walk, each comfortable in the others company. Thus the walk progressed. Occasionally they stopped to admire the view or to just stand quietly taking in the joy of being together. They were happy warm in their latex. Selena and James were both in their element. Bare headed the wind blew their hair, they enjoyed the freedom. Both carried a SBR sou’wester in their mackintosh pockets but for the moment the rain held off. Selena was radiant in her tightly belted mackintosh. Her hair up in a loose bun glistened in the dull light, her soft skin radiated health and happiness, her cheeks aglow, she was so happy. Stopping James she pulled him towards her and kissed him deeply.

At that moment unbeknown to her the notched escapement movement in her deepest unconsciousness clicked another notch; she was steadily and inexorably falling in love. As if to confirm this a gust of wind brought the first spots of rain. They both looked up welcoming the wetting experience; they were prepared for this and had both spoken about the joys of walking in the rain, now they both exclaimed simultaneously “Rain!” James spoke. ”Let’s celebrate our walk together. Let it rain, rain, rain we have dressed for it!”

They both pulled out their southwesters and hurriedly pulled them on as the rain became much heavier. They watched fascinated for the ‘nth’ time as their mackintoshes came alive turning from dull black to glossy obsidian; shining living rubber.

Rivulets of rain cascaded harmlessly off their tightly belted mackintoshes as two glistening wet figures linked arms and carried on walking. They were in their element enjoying the heavy rain; welcoming it. It seemed to James to quench the thirst for the unusual. Both were inwardly excited by the simple action of the wetting rain falling on them. It was Selena who voiced these thoughts.

“James this is turning out to be the perfect country walk. Have you prearranged this downpour? You know I so enjoy walking in the rain dressed properly, it’s one of my favourite experiences, I’ve enjoyed the sensation since I was a child, and I’m always strangely excited by the experience. I wish we could make love on some mossy bank, it’s one of my reoccurring fantasies.”

“You may, if you play your cards right, have that fantasy realised, I think I know just the right spot.” returned James.

The two glossy black mackintoshed figures entered ‘The Dragon’ hostelry, an ancient country pub with a goodly range of draught beers from the barrel still on offer. There were a number of locals together with the weekend Barbour coated, green ‘welly brigade’ in the bar. A welcoming log fire filled the inglenook fire place and the satisfying aroma of wood smoke pervaded the air. No one took much notice of the sensibly clad figures. James and Selena took off their sou’westers; Selena shook out her hair letting it cascade down over the belted high collar of her SBR. Unbuckling the throat strap, she then unbuttoned the lancer front of her mackintosh exposing the high collar of her latex suit she was wearing underneath. To the casual observer it looked like a high collared cirri roll neck pullover. She took of her latex gloves and together with her sou’wester pushed them into one of the deep pockets. James did the same.

“Well, what can I get you enquired the barman.” James turned to Selena eyes raised in an enquiring fashion.

“I’d love a half pint of, .let me see… yes, ‘Masterbrew’” grinned Selena.

“I’ll have a pint of the same,” rejoined James. The rain coated couple stood together still wearing their gradually drying, SBR’s, eyes fixed on each other, oblivious to others. They were enjoying every second of being together. They looked at the ‘Specials’ menu board and both chose a warm meal. He paid and they sought out a quiet corner to continue their extended love making.

Leaving ‘The Dragon’ they both giggled like young lovers as they splashed through puddles with their rubber boots and SBR’s all buttoned up. They were both damp within their latex suits a thin patina of moisture in the intimate areas, but warm, ready for whatever the afternoon brought. It was still raining but looked generally brighter as they continued on their way. The unmistakable ‘music’ that only SBR’s can make, together with the splash of rain as it tried to bridge the defences of the impermeable material was enjoyed by the two. Flap, flap, smackingtosh sounds and the crackle of the black rubber was music to their ears as they continued on their way.

“We’ve completed about five miles, only another four to our cottage.” James told Selena. She was glad there was still some way to go and in the back of her mind she hoped for that mossy bank. Entering the wood again she was enchanted by the mature trees which grew in profusion. Autumn had turned the leaves into a kaleidoscope of vibrant colours; the last knockings of autumn before the wasted bareness of winter took over. Falling leaves fluttered in the brisk breeze with heavy drops of water falling from overhead branches and splashing harmlessly onto their mackintoshes and cascading in runnels to the ground. Selena enjoyed the sensation of kicking through the carpet of already fallen leaves’ her booted feet warm as toast within the protection of her rubber boots. It brought back memories of her childhood; the joy of wildly kicking damp leaves in the park, only this was much better. She was with her lover, she was enjoying the walk. They chatted quietly stopping every now and then to embrace. So the afternoon walk progressed.

James had brought a latex blindfold which he proposed to surprise Selena with when he got to the mossy bank beneath two mature beech trees. He now knew it was one of her ‘secret’ fantasies to be blindfolded.

He had often admired the huge beech trees surrounding this quiet setting when out on his own and had fantasised about making love to his conquest one day. Now, to his complete satisfaction the fantasy was about to become a reality. He could hardly contain himself, but he did not give Selena any clue as to what he had in mind. The rain had stopped and only the occasional drip from overhead branches fell, although it was still very wet underfoot.

Selena knew immediately she had arrived at the appointed place of pleasure. There before her, enclosed by the huge boles of the ancient beech trees was the mossy bank of her dreams. There was no need to say anything, she understood without words that this was the secret place in her reoccurring fantasy over the years; she had viewed this place in her minds eye countless times as she had been alone in her own bed and come to orgasmic release. She stood quietly waiting for her knight in shining black armour to take over, to over power her, to take control, she was ready, willing, nearly swooning at the thought yet within her there was a stillness, a calm, born out of trust for her man as she stood motionless as if transfixed.

James for his part, understood Selena’s stillness, he stood looking at his love, a tenderness welling up in him, born of his respect for her. Selena standing so still facing the lush verdant mound was clearly under the spell of this magic place; the place in her imagination. She stood eyes closed; now breathing quickly. James respecting her time watched fascinated by his love; it was as if a metamorphosis was taking place before his eyes. Her SBR gleaming now in the subdued light, every button fastened properly, her sou’wester partly obscuring her lovely features, her belt pulled in tight accentuating her narrow waist and full breasts contained, doubly protected under her latex suit and mackintosh. Her booted feet partly covered by fallen leaves.

For Selena the inexorable change from independent lady through to dependent maiden was taking place. She was lost in her revelry. James sensing that the moment was right, quietly, slowly and deliberately approached his conquest. Selena remained as she had been for some minutes and sensed rather than observed her knight approaching her. The kiss of a black latex blindfold across her eyes sealed her to her fate. A shiver ran down her spine directly to her vaginal area, already highly charged, she had never been more ready for love making. There was a deep seated need to consummate her fantasy.

James tied the blindfold around the back of her sou’wester. It was the right thing to do; the spell would have been broken if one item of clothing had been removed. He knew now that the time was right to gently lay his charge down on the verdant mossy mound. Selena had acted out the process many times in her fantasy; now it was happening for real, and she allowed herself to be lowered to the welcoming bank of moss. Her legs slowly buckled as she was received by mother earth. Lying there still fully protected under her chosen clothing she sensed the bottom buttons of her SBR being undone, the thigh straps were left; she knew what she must do now and purposefully opened her legs wide to allow her knight to gain entry to his willing maiden. The opening of the zip was not a single act.

The first touch had Selena gasping, arching her back and lifting her hips to offer herself to her knight. A deep voiceless groan escaped from her full red lips swollen by arousal slightly parted in ecstatic delight. The zip was not opened immediately, rather a latex gloved hand being stroked along the still closed zip sent shivers of pure delight causing through her inner being and sent Selena onto a higher plane of pleasure. Although ready for penetration she knew now that the process of love making was to be prolonged by her knight. The reality was far better than the fantasy. She had never been so ready for love making, every fibre in her firm body cried out for release, yet she could not anticipate any form of release; she was under control she was the plaything willing the process to never end.

Tooth by tooth the zip in her crotch was opened then closed, then opened. The cool air kissing her now fully swollen labia lips; petals open with the cap of her clitoris fully retracted exposing a throbbing full button. Then the zip was closed, she squirmed uttering little cries of joy and frustration as the process continued. Her breasts were full and flushed, her nipples hard, tenting the all confining latex suit. Patinas of moisture glossing the inside of her sealed impregnable body suit; she was oh so vulnerable as her knight toyed with her. The tight caress of her corset adding to the building fires of arousal and lust. The zip was finally fully open exposing her honey dew flower glistening, moist, and ready for penetration.

Her knight now mounted his willing maiden and without further preliminaries nuzzled his throbbing manhood into the centre of her flower. Selena felt the full weight of her knight pressing down on her pubic bone breast and thighs, her gloved hands thrown back above her head on the wet mossy bank. Her knight now pinning her wrists to the bank began riding his love. Selena’s fantasy fulfilled entirely, even to the reality of her hands being restrained, with her knight’s arms straight, back arched, looking down onto his charge. Selena knew she was lost now. A star burst of light deep within her mind confirmed she was now completely out of control; a growing abandonment swept through her. First a tingling was sensed in her toes and fingers building, growing in intensity as a tornado builds and then unleashes its power, as focused power surged towards her vagina; all senses concentrating on the overwhelming pleasure that was overtaking her.

She lay in her black armour squirming under her orgasmic delight, head thrashing from one side to the other, mouth open, not breathing as the climax proper raked her body. A voiceless gagging sound consummated their love making. Selena’s orgasm took James beyond himself and in that instant he felt his urgent seed pumping into his love; time had no meaning for either of them as they clung together lost in a cosmic oneness. Finally a timeless moment later, both fulfilled utterly spent, they lay panting breathless unable to speak. Selena had never experienced love making like this before; the power of her fantasy had overwhelmed her, the reality over come her. For some time they lay complete in the mutual delight of post love making euphoria.

As if to confirm them in their pleasure it began to rain again.

“James, I thought I was going to die in ecstasy. Thank you, thank you, thank you my darling lover for allowing me to realise my fantasy and allowing me to experience it for real. I’ve never experienced such a strong orgasm. You were fantastic, the way you teased me by playing with my crotch zip, I thought I was going to climax before you even entered me. I had lot of mini ‘pleasures’ before you entered me. I’ve never been so excited in all my life….I’m exhausted, just leave me here to die! That was heavenly my knight in shining armour. The blindfold sealed my fate. I’m now completely addicted to you, you know, like one of those ducks that follow a human substitute for its mother. You won’t be able to shake me off now!” she said as she untied the blindfold and gazed into James’s dark brown eyes.

James lent across to Selena supine body and kissed her lightly on her lips, he then carefully zipped up her crotch zip before buttoning her up again. Selena laid stretched full length on the mossy mound. The heavy drops of rain that dripped from overhead trees now wetting her SBR.. “What a glorious way to end our love making, a walk home in the rain to your lovely cottage. I must be the luckiest girl in the world!” She purred in a dreamy voice.

They both sat chatting quietly in the gathering gloom, content to do so, knowing that time really didn’t matter today. Now both shiny wet in their SBR’s but protected, from the increasingly heavy rain, together and deliriously happy.
