---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Complete Circuit
authors:
- Greyrose
tags:
- M-f
- solo-f
- latex
- robotics
- suit
- stuck
- toys
- cons
- X
---

**Component 1**

Does anyone remember the Robot Men from DC Comics?  And if you
saw her once you could not have forgotten Tina, the Platinum robot. 
She was the first image that began this story.

Trish had been to costume rental places all over town and none of them
had what she was looking for.  Even Trish was not sure what she wanted,
she just knew that she hadn't found it yet.  The last place she had
been to told her about this 'Techno SurfaceWare' place. As soon as she
stepped inside, Trish knew.  This was the place, here she would find
that something special.  For the party tonight she did not want any
of the tired old costumes, tonight she was going to splurge. Upon entering she noticed chrome & plastic everywhere, metallic
colors dominating everything.  She had been told correctly, if it
was techno and related to a person wearing it, this was the place. 
There were lycra bodysuits in silver, gold, bronze, and more.  There
were circuit boards and wire gizmos that could be attached to various parts
of the human body.

One item she saw was a corset looking thing, that in the front over
the stomach there was a 1/2" deep insert.  The door would open and
reveal wires and chips and switches and blinking lights.

"That's a very popular item Miss," a voice said over her shoulder.

Trish jumped slightly and turned, "Sorry I didn't hear you come up."

"No I'm sorry, I should have said something before I got so close. 
Is there something that I can help you find?" The voice belonged to a man
about Trish's age, late 20's, a little over 6'. He was in good shape and
kept his sandy blond hair cut short.

"This looks interesting, what's it for?" Trish pointed at the corset
like thing.

"Well this is for when you need to be reprogrammed or repaired, this
gives access to the necessary parts," He said with a straight face but
with a twinkle in his eye.  He chuckled seeing her face. At first
Trish just blanked out not understanding what he had said. But then she
smiled tentatively at his chuckle, still not fully following what he had
been talking about. "Sorry, most people that actually manage to find this store are pretty
much into the Techno scene.  This is for playing a robot persona. 
As is much of what is here."

Trish nodded to what he said, still not quite
following him.

"Perhaps if you could tell me what you are looking for, I can talk about
things you want to know."  Smiling still, he led her to a counter
with lots of parts in it and catalogues on top.

Trish started describing
what she wanted, "Well there's this big costume party downtown..."

"This the one at the Grande International?"  He asked.

"Right, and I've decided that I'm going to go in style. You know really
splurge and get something that's going to be a show stopper.  I want
to go as something that will be remembered for years!"  Trish blushed
at her outburst, thinking that he must hear stories like that all day long.

"Hmmm," he looked from her to various parts of the store and back. "Thing
is, as big as that party is most people have had their outfits arranged
for weeks.  Most of my specific costumes are already gone. But I like
challenges. Lets see what we can pull out of thin air."

The two of them started at one end and looked at almost everything in
the store.  By the time they had finished they had quite a number
of items in the 'Final Possibilities' stack. When they were looking through
it and Trish was trying to make some final decisions, "I'm sorry Mike but
as nice as all this is, it just falls short on what I had really wanted
for tonight."

"You see I just finished a big project for work that has kept me hopping
all over the country for over a year and because of that my social life
has been the pits.  I was hoping for something to get my night life
jump started with a BANG!" Trish set a gold and black circuit patterned
lycra body suit down.

Mike looked at her and then sorted through the items it had taken them
almost an hour to dig out of all corners of the store.  "Well there
is something..." Mike looks at Trishes suddenly hopeful face for a long
moment. (Sigh)  "All right, I'll show you something special, and maybe,
and I do mean MAYBE we can work out a deal."

"Please Mike, I really need something for tonight and while all of this
we found is great, it's just not what I need for tonight.  So Pretty 
Please?" she begged with her deep blue eyes wide with innocence and need.

Chuckling and shaking his head, "All right, I said I'd show you. 
So if you would follow me into the back?"  Feeling a little apprehensive,
but becoming more and more curious about this little mystery, Trish followed
Mike down a hall into a smaller display room. There were over a dozen display
stands, but all were empty.  "As I said, most of our best outfits
are already taken.  But back here," he indicates a door hidden off
to one side, "we may find something to your taste."

Signaling her to wait, he steps inside.  After a few moments he
reappears with a tall figure on a rolling platform.  The figure is
covered by a white sheet, but Trish can see it is obviously a female form,
a little taller than Mike.

Mike stops the platform with a clear space about it, then he pulls the
sheet off with a snap. He does not look at the display, but watches Trish's
eyes and face. Not knowing what to expect, Trish is totally overcome by
what she sees.

"OH My God!   It...   It...  She's gorgeous! 
I'll take her!"

Relieved of something by Trish's reaction, Mike steps forward and says,
"Now wait, there are a lot of details to go over before we do anything
final.  First off..."  Mike stops when he realizes that Trish
is lost in drinking up the vision he has brought her.  Something deep
in his chest thumps once and then unwinds into nothingness.  He decides
to  wait for her to start listening again, and settles back to watch
her.

What he sees is a young woman, trim obviously fit, about 5'6", with
a hairdo not unlike the one on the suit.  It was easy for him to see
the great change that had come over her the instant she saw the robot.
Then he frowned and shook his head, 'What ever possessed me to show her
this suit?  Its sat back here for almost 2 years without being touched,
and then this girl just walks in and I...' Mike ended the thought before
it could go any further.

Trish had thought that what Mike was bringing was going to be a robot
suit of some kind, but what she was looking at was more like a work of
art.  It was all in chrome. The legs, waist, arms and neck were all
in black chrome, the hips, bust up through the shoulders, and the face
were silver, giving the impression that this was the 'skin' of the figure.
Finally gold was used as an accent for the heels (at least 6"), a lattice
work pattern up the front of the leg (looking much like lacing), the lattice
also appears on the waist and arms.  And finally golden eyes, lips
and hair(?).  About the face was formed what looked hair in a short
style.  As she moved behind the figure Trish could see that there
was a silver, dome like cap built into the top of the head. All in all
it looked like a robotic version of a kinkily dressed woman with her breasts,
pussy, and ass exposed to the world.

As Trish turned to Mike, eyes alight, he seized his opportunity, "Now
hold on, before you get too set on this there are a few things you need
to hear."  Trish nodded and impatiently waited for him to continue.
"First off this is not just something you put on like a pair of jeans,
this suit was designed to be worn for days at a time. So its kind of like
getting into and out of a spacesuit, with practice you could do it all
by yourself, but right now you need someone else that knows what to do
to help you.  Which means that you will have to wear the suit home
and until you come back here tomorrow."  Trish shivered, the thought
of living in the suit for a day, it...  it turned her on!  "OK,
I think I can deal with that but what about...  you know, eating and... 
after that."

A little surprised by her acceptance, Mike continued, "Well that's the
next part, fitting the suit is very...  well...  intimate. 
There are fittings that have to be put in right, in very delicate spots
or else you could be hurt or the suit damaged.  But after that, if
you met  someone to restart your night life, the two of you could
do just about anything you wanted."
Trish blushed realizing that Mike meant putting things in her pussy
and, thinking about it in her ass too.  "Why is the suit so... complete?"

Mike turned away and replied, "That's a depressing story, a man loved
a woman and designed the suit for her, before he could give it to her something
happened and they broke up.  You see he was very much into being techno
sexual."  He turned and looked at her, "They, like many others, found
it very sexy to dress and act like robots.  This suit was so that
they could live out one of their greatest fantasy's, actually being robots
for days, carrying out programs and ...  such."

Understanding arrived!  Now Trish understood a lot of the devices
out in the front area and some of the things Mike had said now clicked.
"He must have loved her very much to design such a wonderful gift." She
said turning to lightly stroke the hard gleaming shell. "Such a gift of
love deserves more than a dark storeroom.  I want it even more now. 
So what will it take to get me into the driver seat?"  She gave a
wicked little smile, as she caressed the ass of the suit.

Mike was more than a little stunned by her reactions, and if she had
not been so caught up in her excitement she might have heard some of what
lay behind his words.  "Well... The suit is expensive, we would need
a deposit of.. $2000."

Caught short by the amount he quoted, Trish thought it over and nodding
her head, "All right I've got it on one of my cards, and I did promise
myself that money was no object tonight!  Next issue?"

Finally Mike admitted defeat, and led her back to the front of the store,
Trish followed reluctantly as if afraid that the robot woman would walk
away as soon as they left the room. It took only a few minutes for Mike
to do the paperwork.

"All right when can I come back for the suit?" Trish asked, still reluctant
to leave without it.

"I'm sorry, I guess that I haven't made that clear.  I'm the only
one that can help you with the suit, and I have to leave at 4:00. 
I've already asked my relief to be here early so that I can get you dressed
and still make my appointment."

Trish realized this would mean that she would be driving home in daylight,
in a mirror bright chrome skin!  Her breathing deepened and she felt
a strange excitement building deep within.  "But the party doesn't
start until 9:00 tonight! What am I going to do until then?"

Chuckling, "Well you could read a book, watch TV, or maybe play with
the suit and get used to moving around in it." Leaning closer, "Just play
and have fun!" he suggested.  Trish was so caught up in thoughts of
wearing the suit, she missed the odd twist to Mike's smile.

Moving into the back again, "Here's your first step, down that hall
there's a bathroom with a shower.  Shower and talc yourself all over,
then you put your feet in through the neck opening here and keep going." 
From a box on the base of the cart that the robot woman was standing on,
Mike drew out a black latex body suit, and handed it to her.

Trish, holding the suit up and looking at the neck opening, "Won't
it tear?  I mean that it looks so thin, and the opening looks so small
that just my throat would streach it out."

Mike smiles, "No, that suit is made of a unique latex polymer and could
probably be stretched over a car tire with out any damage.  So you
won't be any trouble for it at all.  Just take your time and work
your way in carefully, smoothing it out as best you can as you go along.
It's designed as a tight fit and will go on easier if you get it started
right.  Once you are in it double check for any new wrinkles and adjust
the inserts as best as you are able.  As soon as you are ready meet
me back here."

Trish showered quickly, the excitement building.  She ran her fingers
over the latex skin and could feel its silky smoothness.  She also
noticed that it was a flat black thickly strewn with silver dots all over
it including the hands and feet.  As she had noticed that the latex
was very thin, almost as thin as paper.

Dispite Mike's confidance she just wasn't sure about the suits stretch.
Taking a side of the neck opening in each hand, Trish pulled hard. 
At first she was almost unable to make it move, but slowly it gave and
opened wide.  Stunned at how far she was able to stretch it she let
go, and the suit slowly returned to its previous size.

Trish held the suit up against her body and critically guaged the size
of it against her body.  She quickly realized that the suit would
present a constant solid preasure against her body.  That it would
make her feel tightly compressed and controlled.  Excited by this
strange thought she fondled and caressed the suit teasing her body with
it for just a moment, then wasting little more time, worked her feet into
the suit.

Pulling the rubber over her skin was an experience that Trish found
almost worth all the money by itself.  Her skin was sensitive from
the excitement, the shower, and the suit.  As she slid it over her
body, at first it was cool but as it warmed it left her skin all tingly. 
The tight squeeze of the rubber and the excitement heightened every touch,
even the movement of air across her body felt as strong as a hands touch.

All too quickly the suit was on and mostly in place, first Trish pushed
the lining for her vagina in.  Slowly, noticing that there was some
texturing on the inside lining.  This caused her to pant and squirm
as she kept pushing.  When she had pushed it 3 or 4 inches in that
was as far as it seemed to go.  Smiling with the idea Trish, pushing
further, caused the rubber to stretch.  The tube did stretch, in fact
the texturing seemed to expand as well.  Arching her back Trish pushed
harder and stiffened as, with a sudden settling, previously unknown rubber
nubs pressed on her clit.

Trish paused as the suit settled all the way against her, pressing tightly
against her flesh.  Slowly the suit matched her every curve pulling
tighter and tighter.  Finally it stopped, the feeling of restriction
and being compressed fanning the fires of her desire, giving her a need
for satisfaction. Trish stroked and pleasured herself for a few moments,
then with  reluctance, stopped.  The thought that Mike could
come in to check on her, and if he found her like that, she would die of
embarrassment.

Only one other thing left to do.  She reached around behind herself
and smoothed the material over her ass.  The rubber skin seemed eager
to enter her rear, as she pushed her hand between her cheeks there was
a pressure against her anus.  Taking a deep breath, and trying to
relax she pushed further.  While the pressure increased, it just did
not seat itself.  Taking another breath spreading her legs wide, Trish
bent over and tried again, this time there was an intense popping sensation. 
The sudden shift almost brought her to her knees, Trish staggered but did
not fall from the rush of sensation.

Gasping and struggling with her balance, Trish slowly stood up. 
The sensations her body was flooding her mind with almost over whelmed
her. She took several moments to calm down, taking long slow breaths, but
the tactile overload refused to slow down.  As any movement emphasised
the presence of the intruders, she found it hard to get her breathing under
control.

Padding back down the hall was a delight, as the latex skin suit tugged
and pulled at her body.  Each step caused the latex tube in her pussy
to shift back and forth, teasingly.  The sensation of air moving across
her body felt like a lovers caress.  Even though the distance was
short, Trish was beginning to pant from all the pleasurable sensations.
Her nipples were blatantly visible through the suit.

"Ready for me yet?" Trish asked Mike.

"Yes, now if..  Wow!" He interrupted himself after seeing her.

Trish stopped short, caught off guard by his reaction and its strength.
"What is it?" She asked not sure if she wanted to hear his response. His
only response was to point at a full length mirror and continue to stare
at her.  Trish's curiosity got the better of her and she moved until
she could see herself in the mirror. And what a sight she was!  The black of the suit had seemingly
darkened and no longer reflected any light, at least in comparison to the
glowing fields of silver!  In the areas of her hands and along the
front of her body there were numerous glowing silver pinpoints, and in
her feet the numbers were easily doubled.  But it was in the far more
sensitive areas of her breasts and her pussy that the silver glow became
a solid field!

"What is it?  What's happening, Mike?" Trish was unable to tear
her eyes from the sight of her glowing form in the mirror.  She was
even afraid to look down and see herself directly.

"Its...  its uh..." Mike shook himself and started again. 
"Don't worry Trish, its something that I expected, but not in such a spectacular
way.  You see the suit is a neurotransmitter for the exoskeletons
sensors and actuators."

Trish feeling more relaxed now that Mike was talking gibberish again,
asked, "And what does that mean in English?"

"Sorry," Mike chuckled, "What it means is that as the nerves of your
body become active the interface suit you are wearing generates a spark
to tell the suit that something is happening at that location."

"OK and why are they so strong in areas where there are not that many
muscles being active?"

"Huh hmm, well there are other nerves that can be active that have nothing
to do with moving a hand or foot.  What the patterns tell us is that
touching the floor generates a fair amount of nerve action.  And in
the flexing of your hands there is a also an amount of nerve function. 
We can see that the motion of air flowing past your body is another stimulus
to nerve action.  And finally..."

"And finally no need to explain any remaining nerve actions, OK Mike?"
Trish interrupted hurriedly, feeling herself blush in embarrassment over
the rampant glow of her arousal.  Quickly turning away from the mirror
as the suit displays that her blush extends down her neck and over her
shoulders.

Seeing Mike still watching her, "All right Mister, you are the one in
a hurry remember?  Turn about and lets get on with getting me dressed."

Chuckling Mike turned around and adjusted the suit.  It was only
now that Trish noticed that the suit had been opened and showed the empty
space awaiting her.  Each leg had split in half, front and back, running
from the toes all the way up to the hip.  The hips opened up along
the left side, swinging to the right.  The waist opened in the opposite
direction, the chest and shoulders opened in the same direction as the
hips.  The arms were expanded rather than split.  The neck was
opened in the same direction as the waist.  The robots face was a
panel that hinged upward like a visor.  Trish could see that the inside
of the suit was lined with a silvery material.

As Mike adjusted a few more panels, checking various connections and
fittings, Trish noticed an extension cord running up to the back of the
suit.  "What's this for Mike?"

"I've got it hooked to the suits power cells, after all its been quite
a.. huh, quite a while since its last recharge.  There will be enough
juice for you to get home, but you will need to plug in for a couple of
hours before you go out tonight.  When you plug in you can do whatever
you want, just so long as you stay within a meter of the outlet."

"Mike what happens if I run out of power?  Will the suit just
come to a halt and leave me trapped in a statue?"  Trish asked when
a disturbing thought hit her.

Shaking his head, "No don't worry about that, the suit has quite an
intelligent controller built in.  It monitors its power levels and
long before you hit any problems it will warn you about needing recharging.
And even if you miss that there is an automatic override that will stop
whatever it is doing and plug itself into the nearest receptacle. 
So even if you were asleep it could get up in the middle of the night and
take care of its needs without you even waking up."

"All right lets get you suited up.  Step right this way please." 
Mike gestured for Trish to step up into the suit.  He held one of
her hands as she stepped up into the suit.

As he settled Trish into the suit, adjusting various fittings and 
making sure that the more intimate components were settled with total accuracy,
Mike talked her through accessing and navigating the suits control menus. 
With these menus the suit could be set for a number of different response
modes from totally autonomous to totally dependent upon outside commands. 
He also showed her the scheduler for stacking commands for later activation
and the timer that limited how long a particular command or response mode
lasted.

As he spoke to her and answered her questions, he deftly closed her
into the metal suit.  Starting with her legs he tripped a switch that
slowly brought the two halves together.  As each joint met and sealed,
he adjusted the fit and match of the movable components. Satisfied with
the legs he continued with the hips.  After which he had her slide
her arms into the robots sleeves.  There again adjusting the join
and fit of the movable joints.  Trish was feeling very vulnerable.
Since this position caused her to thrust her breasts forward and left them
unprotected as his arms brushed her excited nipples when he adjusted the
suit on her.

Even as she began to squirm in reaction to his casual brushes, he swung
the waist panel into place.  This was the first item to pose any kind
of problem.  Trish had overlooked the distinct difference in waist
size between her svelte waist and the ridiculously tiny one on the robot.

"Oh and everything else fit so perfectly, as if it was made for me! 
I don't want to give up now, what can we do Mike?" Trish asked.

Mike had not stopped working, "What, do you see a problem that I don't?" 
As he was looking down she couldn't see his face, but it sounded like he
was joking or something.  Since she could feel him connecting things
and making adjustments she wondered what he had in mind.

"Ok so is there a built in way to make me loose about 10 pounds in 2
minutes?"  Trish wondered.  Thinking that Mike would probably
show her before telling her.

"Just give me a chance and you will see...  uh, will understand
what's going on."  He finished his tinkering and then there was a
string of soft ratcheting sounds.  Slowly Trish could feel the waist
panel closing about her.  She could also feel her breath being squeezed
out of her.

Then it hit her, "There's a corset built into this suit!"

"You got it right the first time!  This model also comes with an
integral lacing winch, just hook everything up and relax."

"Relax?!  That's fine for you to say buster, you're not the one
being cut in half!" Trish threw back.  But truth be told the added
restriction of the corset just seemed to add to her excitement levels.
Not waiting for the waist panel to finish seating itself, Mike started
to swing the arms forward to neutral positions at her sides.  Soon
enough after that the soft ratcheting of the waist panel stopped. 
Then he slowly eased the breast plate over her breasts, with a smile he
placed his hands over where the nipples would be, and looking deep into
her eyes pushed the plate home.

Even though there was a rigid panel between them, Trish felt as if Mikes
hands were holding her naked breasts, the nipples buried in his palms.
She could feel herself blush heavily and squirmed inside her immobile outer
skin.  That squirm adjusted the seating of some very intimate things
and that caused her vision to go distant and her breathing grow ragged,
and triggered an ongoing shimmy that took her over the edge. Trish was
so focused on her orgasm, that she completely missed the expression that
washed over Mikes face.  After watching her enjoy herself for a brief
moment, Mike shook himself and moved around behind her.

What snapped her back to reality was the helmet lowering down over her
face.  Mike had explained that the inside of the helmet was lined
with more of the interface latex, so that it would respond when she wanted
to open her mouth or blink her eyes.  He carefully adjusted the headphones
in her ears to make sure that they were comfortable and that she could
hear properly.

After the helmet was closed and she had grunted her responses to his
questions, Mike finally closed the neck, closed the last seal.  Trish
was now totally enclosed as she had never been before.  The feeling
was.. was...  She closed her eyes and savored the feeling.  Whatever
it was, she had not felt anything that she had enjoyed so much that she
could remember, ever!

Opening her eyes Trish ran through the start up menu and activated the
suit.  Suddenly she felt herself change position and was now standing
in what she felt was at attention.  It took her a moment to get oriented,
as the view of the room swam into focus.  Slowly at first she turned
her head this way and that, getting used to how everything now appeared
to her robotic eyes.

Having gotten comfortable with how everything looked now, Trish tentatively
took her first step. Before she had taken her second step, Mikes voice
rang out, "STOP!" The suit froze in place.  He continued, "Look down
Trish.  You were about to step off the platform and probably fall
on your face.  Be careful, until you get used to the sensor feedback
and get used to being so much taller and heavier." After a 2 second delay
the suit returned to her control.  She did look down, and saw the
6" rise that she had indeed forgotten about.  So she carefully stepped
down and moved about the room, quickly gaining her balance and confidence.

Mike came over to her and handed her the sheet that had originally covered
the suit.  "Lets work on your hand-eye co-ordination, try to fold
this up neatly without tearing it." Taking the cloth, Trish immediately
dropped it. Bending down to pick it up she lost her balance and almost
fell.  Mike just stood back and let her work things out for herself.
After a few minutes she finally had the sheet folded, and she had only
torn it twice.  By now she was getting very confidant about being
able to 'feel' things with her metal skin.

"Very good Trish, your taking to this like a natural," Mike complimented
her.

"yes but like a natural what" her voice came out flat and without any
form of emphasis.  "what...  what is happening to my voice"

"Don't worry, its just part of the suits programming.  If you
look under the audio heading, vocal delivery, you will see several levels.
The default is for a robotic monotone, in keeping with the suits appearance. 
You can change it any time you want."

"no i like it this way"  Trish answered.

Her answer caused Mike to pause for a moment, then quickly he began
to lead her back out to the front room.  "Well then, I need to get
along to my appointment.  You can come back any time tomorrow after
1:00 in the afternoon.  That's when I'll be coming in, and no one
else knows how to open up the suit and peel it off of you."

"that is right i will be wearing this for nearly 24 hours with no form
of escape or release wow"  Hearing her voice like that gave her a
very enjoyable quiver, but she could not understand why it did.

Mike bagged up Trish's clothes and tucked them away for her to wear
tomorrow when she returned the suit.  As she was turning to head for
the front door, she saw Mike's replacement come around a corner and he
saw her for the first time. She had never seen someone's jaw drop open
like in some movie, but that was exactly what he did, just before he dropped
the papers he had been holding.  Enjoying the effect, Trish struck
a pose and blew him a kiss. The dazed smile that covered his face was priceless. 
It took Mike grabbing his shoulder and shaking him before the poor fellow
could tear his eyes away from her.

Having more confidence now that two men had been stunned by her, Trish
strode out the front door slinging her purse over her shoulder.  It
was only when the afternoon sun struck her chrome skin that she realized
that the 'look' of the suit was that of a naked metal woman flashing her
polished naughty bits to the world at large. She quickly moved to her car
and tried to jump inside.  That was when she truly realized how much
more space she took up now that she was a half a foot taller.  Frantically
readjusting the seat and she fit herself into the car and closed the door.

The drive home passed in a blur, several cars suddenly behaving eratically
after being beside hers.  Trish parked her car and after a careful
scan of the area in front of her apartment building, she jumped out and
quickly entered her home.

With her new robotic eyes, her comfortable home appeared distant and
lacking somehow.  As she moved about the house, adjusting things,
improving her awareness of her new skin, there appeared a warning message
alerting her to the need for recharging.  Taking note of the amount
of time left before critical, Trish blanked it out and finished tidying
up the bedroom.

All this stooping and crouching had gotten Trish's sensitive pussy going
again.  Turning about she saw the bedstand where she kept a vibrator
against lonely nights.  She opened up the menu lists, having to first
blank out the warning message again, looking for the command that would
open the panel covering her crotch.

She got distracted when she noticed a Facial Reconfiguration Menu. When
she opened this one up there were several options, the one activated was
the one that most closely resembled a woman's face.  Moving so that
she could see herself in a mirror Trish chose the one that was on the opposite
end of the list.

In the mirror what was a beautiful woman's face crafted out of silver,
began to puff out and smooth itself into a smooth ovoid.  The place
where her mouth was became sealed over and she could feel something filling
her mouth, muffling any sound that she might make.  Across her eyes
there formed a golden bar running from one temple to the other.

Trish could hardly believe her eyes!  The effect of removing her
one more step from human made her even hotter than she had been before!
What had been an interesting idea before, now took on the strength of an
addiction.  Trish madly raced over to the bedstand and yanked out
the drawer that held the vibrator.  She pulled too far and the entire
contents spilled out.

Kneeling down she grabbed the mechanical wand and quickly opened the
access panel.  Forcing herself to slow down, Trish delicately pushed
the wand deep inside before turning it on.  The sudden impact of the
vibrations caused Trish to loose all control, shoving the wand in farther
than she had intended. The explosion of release that followed made her
earlier orgasms at the store seem insignificant.  And it was only
after a long while that Trish finally came down and became aware of her
surroundings.

When she did, she noticed that the warning message had popped up again.
As she was about to wipe it out and remove the vibrator, a new warning
message displayed:

     System engaging auto-charge mode.
     Initiating stand-by parameters.

Before Trish could understand what the message was saying, the suit
stood up, closed the crotch access panel (trapping the still running vibrator
in her aching pussy), and moved across the room to an electrical outlet. 
It swiftly pulled a harness from the region at the base of the spine and
plugged itself in.  After which it assumed a neutral stance and became
inactive.

Trish was overcome by the sensations of the suit taking charge of her
body and moving her about the room.  The feeling of being controlled
made her giddy all over again.  As the suit was locking itself down,
she was able to turn her head enough that she could see her reflection
in a full length mirror. The figure in the reflection was not that of a
human woman, but rather of a sculpture of chrome.  That impossibly
formed figure just could not hold a living breathing woman!

Having enjoyed the show for several minutes, Trish decides to remove
the furiously buzzing vibrator.  Having noticed that the plate that
holds it inside her is picking up the vibrations and transmitting them
intermittently to her very sensitive clit. Running through the menu's she
discovers that the over-ride for the stand-by mode is verbal, not something
that she can operate from the menu's.  Trish tries to speak the override
command, rediscovering the rubber filling her mouth, rendering her totally
mute.

At first refusing to panic, she does become alarmed when she discovers
that the Facial Reconfiguration options are not accessible from the stand-by
mode. Dancing on the edge of Panic and another set of orgasms, Trish quickly
investigates her options.  This is about the last coherent thought
left to her as she is washed away by the torrent of sensations, once again.

Outside her blissful oasis of pleasure, the sun sinks in the West and
the room becomes dark except for the soft golden glow of the robots visor.

End Component 1,  Component 2 to follow.

Comments or questions welcome, send them to:
greycat88@hotmail.com

30-01-02
