---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/rubber_house1.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: The Rubber House Pt1
authors:
- Ozfet
tags:
- F/m
- D/s
- latex
---

CHAPTER ONE

It was 7 o'clock on a wet Friday evening, the beginning of a long weekend. 
I rang the bell beside the pair of heavy wooden doors set in the high brick
wall surrounding the large property set at the end of the cul de sac. I
had answered an advertisement in a Rubber magazine for a Rubber slave.
After being contacted by a woman who asked a great many questions as to
how far I was prepared to go and how committed I was, the arrangements
for this weekend had been made.

So now I was here waiting in trembling anticipation for the doors to
open and the weekend to begin.  I had been told that I needn't bring
anything other than myself, all would be provided.  The doors swung
open automatically and a woman's voice, from a small speaker that I hadn't
seen above the doors, ordered me to follow the path to the house just visible
through the trees in the large garden.

The garden was well maintained, with an odd triangular arrangement of
3 steel posts set about 8 feet apart from each other in the centre - I
would discover their purpose later!  Nearby was what looked like a
miniature Olympic pool about 10 by 15 foot and 4 feet deep. On approach
the front door swung open and I found myself in a small entrance hall with
2 doors leading from it.  The woman's voice came from another speaker
telling me to go through the door on the left and to dress myself in the
rubber clothes there and to wait.

Opening the door into a small room which had polished black rubber flooring
with walls and ceiling covered in the same glossy rubber, I found a rubber
covered bench with an array of shiny black latex clothes. Trembling with
fear and a growing excitement, I began from the top with a hood that had
eye and mouth holes and covered my shoulders. I then put on a pair of sheath
pants with long legs and high waist, my growing excitement discovered that
the sheath was lubricated, the sensation of sliding my by now erect cock
into the slippery rubber was delicious!

Next was a pair of elbow length black rubber gloves, pre-talcumed as
was all the rubber, then a loose thigh length black rubber jacket with
open face hood and gathered cuffs which fitted tightly over the rubber
gloves, by now I was really stretching the lubricated sheath.  With
shaking rubber gloved hands I pulled on the high waisted trousers, which
had an open fly but still restrained my rubber covered cock inside.

I waited, dressed and quivering with anticipation for what seemed an
eternity until the door opened and a tall woman dressed entirely in rubber
entered.  She was wearing red rubber high heeled boots over a shiny
black rubber pair of jodhpurs, on top she wore a shiny black rubber shirt
with high collar up to the half face, black rubber mask.  Over all
this she wore a shiny black rubber 3/4 length coat tightly belted but open
at the front with a rubber riding crop tucked into the belt along with
a pair of red rubber gloves.

"Welcome, I'm pleased you have arrived.  On the phone you said
there were no limits to the humiliation and restrictive bondage you would
undergo, let me point out right now that if you go beyond this point that
you will be under my complete power and that any begging or pleading will
be considered as part of the game and ignored. Do you agree?"

I nodded my assent, not trusting my voice.

"Good, let's begin. My other slaves are all ready to assist in your
complete domination and humiliation in rubber.  First we must render
you helpless, your submitting to this is the real acknowledgment of your
status as my rubber slave."

Reaching under the rubber covered bench she produced 4 rubber belt cuffs
about 3" wide with steel "D" rings and a 6" high rubber collar also with
"D" rings and a number of steel clips to secure the cuffs and collar together.

"Kneel."

I fell to my knees and held out my wrists. Immediately the rubber crop
stung across my shoulders.

"Don't anticipate - wait until you are told! Slaves have no right to
anticipate, they are told!"

Again the rubber crop slashed across my rubber covered shoulders.

"Now hold out your wrists."

Again the rubber crop across my shoulders.  She fastened the rubber
cuffs and pulled my wrists to my back and locked them together.

"Hold your head up - higher!"

The high rubber collar was tightly buckled around my neck; it was tight
but not choking.

"Stand up and sit on the bench. Hold your feet high so I can put the
ankle cuffs on. Higher!"

The rubber crop slashed across my thighs, I strained my legs up as far
as I could as she fastened the cuffs on my ankles and then together, effectively
hobbling me.

"Stand!"

This was accompanied by a slash from the rubber crop across my rubber
covered back. When I struggled to my feet she gave 3 strokes across my
buttocks. My shoulders, thighs and buttocks were tingling from the strokes
of the crop. I could feel the loose rubber sliding across my tingling flesh.
My rubber covered cock in its slippery enclosure was rigid with pleasure
and anticipation of what was to come. She gave the front of the trousers
a gentle slap from the rubber crop.

"I see you are excited by your helplessness.  This is only the
beginning!"

She produced a rubber blindfold from her coat pocket and swiftly covered
my eyes.

"We won’t let you see what's in store for you until we have you secure
in the rubber discipline chamber."

She gripped the ring at the front of the collar and pulled me to the
door. I could only take small steps.

"Faster!"

The crop struck across my buttocks, much harder this time. I was pulled
out the door and through another door and hobbled, accompanied by strokes
of the rubber crop, for what seemed a considerable distance. I later discovered
I had been led a circuitous route around the ground floor of the house
to disorientate me.

"Stop, there are steps to go down, if you fall I will give you extra
punishment, now the steps are in front of you try not to fall."

She laughed and gave me a slash of the rubber crop as I felt with my
hobbled feet for the edge of the steps, the rubber stretching over my tingling
body. It seemed to take ages feeling my way down the broad shallow steps
with a harsh stroke of the crop for every one. At the bottom I was pulled
forward, the scent of rubber was almost overpowering. A jerk at the collar
and a slash from the rubber crop pulled me up short.

"Stand there slave. You will see soon enough the rubber treasures in
this chamber.  Don't move, stand up straight!"

Another stroke of the crop. My excitement must have shown in the rubber
sheath as she then gripped my rubber covered cock firmly and stroked the
rubber up and down as I writhed with the sensation.

"Don't get too carried away there is much more to come before you get
release. I have to be satisfied by your rubber covered humiliation."

At these words I writhed in my shiny black rubber envelopment and moaned. 
Immediately my mouth was forced open and a rubber gag was thrust in and
a tight rubber strap was bound over my mouth. I was now gagged and blindfolded
with rubber.

CHAPTER TWO

I was pulled forward and my hands released still with the rubber cuffs
on my wrists; suddenly my arms were forced over my head and attached together
above. I could feel padding to either side of me. A strap was passed around
my chest and buckled tightly so I couldn't move.  Next my ankles were
freed and then strapped to each side. The blindfold was removed.

I was in a large softly lit room with polished rubber tiles on the floor
and the walls covered in shiny black rubber. There were steel rings attached
at various heights to the walls through the rubber, several racks held
hoods, whips, equipment for restraint and all made from shiny red and black
rubber. There were various posts, chairs, racks and benches made out of
shiny steel and covered in glossy black rubber padding. Chromed pulleys
were hanging from hooks in the ceiling.

The room looked like a vision from a rubber hell - or a rubber heaven!

Still able to move my head I gave a closer look to the room. To my astonishment
there were 2 rubber covered figures, each strapped to a rubber covered,
high backed chair with arms. Each had their legs bound to the rubber padded
legs and their arms similarly strapped to the arms, a strap bound their
bodies to the back and another strap fastened around their mouths kept
their heads rigid against the chair back. I realised they were women totally
covered in shiny black rubber and gagged, all I could see were their eyes
through the rubber.

They were dressed in shiny black rubber one piece suits covering their
entire bodies with zips at the crotch and breasts.

"I see you have noticed my slaves, they are completely devoted to me
and severe rubber bondage.  Notice the slight trembling of each of
them, that's caused by knowing that a new slave has arrived to be disciplined
and humiliated with their assistance - they also have black rubber dildo
pants on and the feel of the rubber inside them is making them very aroused.
They know only I can free them and give them pleasure, you will watch when
I decide to give them release, later you may be used to give them pleasure."

"I shall now give them limited freedom of movement to assist me in your
initiation."

She unfastened the bindings on the girls and fitted similar rubber cuffs
to the ones I was fastened with, but with greater distance between wrists
and ankles, giving them limited mobility. As each was freed and cuffed
they were given a slash of the rubber crop across their buttocks, causing
them to writhe in pleasure or pain, I assumed pleasure.

"Slaves - before we begin, our new slave should see a small sample of
what is in store for him. This room is only the beginning."

The two rubber clad slaves went to a wall and pulled the rubber curtaining
aside to reveal a gleaming rubber tiled and stainless steel bathroom. 
In the centre was a shower - but unlike any other. It had a central shiny
steel post with a circular shower head that would spray down completely
around the steel post.

The post itself had steel rings on it from top to bottom at 6" intervals.
At the bottom, coming out of the rubber tiled base, were spray jets. 
Anyone standing (or tied) at the post would be subjected to water from
every angle. On the wall behind the shower were deep stainless steel troughs
with gleaming hospital taps, above these, hanging from hooks, were tubing
and nozzles of all sizes and shapes in red and black rubber with matching
rubber bags. I could only imagine what uses these were put to!

To one side of the shower was a bizarre stainless steel toilet, much
higher than normal with black rubber padded arms and high back, on the
side were restraining rings and footrests.

"You will become familiar with all this very soon. Slaves! Assist me
with our first procedure, you know what is needed."

The two slaves approached the rubber padded frame where I hung helpless
and gagged with rubber. My ankles were untied and the cuffs attached to
each other, my wrists were then unfastened and then tied behind my back.
A rubber belt was threaded through a ring on the back of my wide rubber
collar and then through the rings on my cuffs and buckled up tight, forcing
my wrists high up my back and making me bend forward. The pressure on my
rubber enclosed cock made it grow harder.

"Some discipline to begin. Get the hood and put it on him, I want him
to realise how helpless he is."

Another rubber hood was pulled over my head and breathing tubes inserted
in my nostrils, I was blind and only just able to breathe. I could hear
faint noises at the side as the hood was inflated; the pressure was intense
and made me feel as if my head was twice as big. I could just hear her
as she said:

"Stand up straighter slave or I will really discipline you!"

This was accompanied by a stinging blow from a rubber strap across my
buttocks; I jerked and took a step as another blow landed on my shoulders.
I felt hands holding me, from the front a hand gripped my cock in it's
rubber sheath and gently stroked it.

"Hold him slaves as I make him discover how pain and pleasure are one
and the same."

I was dragged across the room to a padded bench and pushed face forward
over it, the front of the collar was attached to a chain, which was pulled
tightly under the bench and clipped to my ankles. I was bound helplessly
to the bench with my arms still pulled cruelly up my back. My breath was
gasping through the rubber breathing tubes. A hand stroked me through the
rubber sheath making me jerk against the padded rubber and the chain.

"Not to much slaves, he has to last a lot longer yet."

A stinging blow from the rubber strap accompanied this statement, then
another and another in quick succession. The hand let my slippery rubber
covered cock go. More blows from the strap, much harder now and really
hurting. The hand came back and stroked me gently through the rubber in
unison with the blows from the strap. Pleasure and pain simultaneously.
I felt delirious - so close to coming and then the pain. This went on for
some time, a series of cruel blows, the stroking hand, nearly coming, then
more blows. I nearly passed out with the pleasure and the pain.

"Enough for an introduction, unchain him slaves. Time for him to give
me some pleasure."

My slippery rubber covered cock was still filling the sheath and had
stayed hard and throbbing for over an hour aching for release.

"Our new slave is still finding this exciting. Take him to my pleasure
seat and strap him very tightly, I want him absolutely rigid and helpless
for my pleasure."

I was quickly unfastened from the rubber padded bench and had the belt
from my collar and cuffs released. Still visionless in the inflated rubber
hood, I was pulled across the dungeon and pushed down on a narrow rubber
padded seat. My wrists were released and quickly refastened behind the
seat back. Next, my ankles were secured either side of the base and a rubber
strap threaded around my thighs and fastened tightly underneath, holding
my legs rigid and apart. Then four wide rubber straps were pulled tight
around my body immobilising me completely, with only my rubber enclosed
cock, throbbing between my bound and spread legs, moving.

Hands stroked my aching cock and cupped my balls, making me jerk helplessly
against the bonds. A blow landed on my rubber inflated head, echoing inside
the rubber cocoon.

"Patience slave, my pleasure comes first. You will only get release
when I say so, this is my dungeon."

I felt a swirl of rubber in front of me as a hand gripped my slippery
rubber enclosed cock and guided it. With a sudden pressure my Mistress'
weight descended on me as I slid deep into her, feeling her shiny rubber
covered body pressed against me as her muscles contracted around my bursting
cock. I could feel her breasts through the layers of rubber as she slowly
started to move on my cock. Her rubber gloved hands gripping the restraints,
pulling them tighter around my helpless body.

"You are my slave to use, I will punish you cruelly and humiliate you
whenever I want. You will obey me and be my slave - your existence is mine.
No pain or bondage will be too great for your total submission to me. Complete
rubber slavery forever, humiliating yourself for my pleasure, begging for
more and more to keep the rubber and me close to you. No release from the
rubber slavery - ever."

My Mistress moved faster and faster as she talked against my rubber
enclosed face. I strained hopelessly to get closer to my Mistress, moaning
against the filling rubber gag, wanting to tell her of my devotion and
submission to her rubber domination. The sensation of her rubber body moving
faster and faster on mine took over. I was no longer moaning, I was screaming
into the gag as her movement and the rubber totally consumed my senses.
I could feel her jerking the restraints as she pounded harder and harder
down onto my bound body, my rubber cock seeming to go deeper with each
thrust. I could no longer understand a word she was saying, only the dominating
tone penetrated my senses and the rubber hood.

"Come slave, come into your rubber, come into your rubber Mistress.
Come now!"

With an almighty thrust down my rubber Mistress came with a shuddering
cry as I screamed into the rubber gag and came with her in an explosive
rubber climax, bursting against my rubber bonds.

My Mistress stayed on me shuddering and regaining her senses, I felt
her rubber covered body against mine and realised I'd reached my ultimate
rubber dream. I groaned as she released my cock and stood.
"Release him and shower him. Bring him up when he's finished."

My new Mistress swished away in her rubber, leaving me with the two
rubber slaves who released me and helped me undress before taking me to
the bathroom I'd seen earlier.
 
the
story continues in
[chapter
three](rubber_house2.html)
