---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiessz/snowbound11.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: 'Snowbound 11: Notice of Discipline'
authors:
- sfmaster@att.net
tags:
- F/ff
- D/s
- naked
- bond
- cuffs
- bfold
- cell
- bdsm
- crop
- whip
- susp
- punish
- cons
- X
date: 2015-03-08 00:00:00
---

story continued from [part ten](snowbound10.html)

**Chapter 11: Notice of Discipline**

One of the rooms in Beth’s house served as her office.  After all, she was wealthy, and not only had a family fortune, but she also served on the Boards of several large corporations!

In fact, it was a fully functional office, with a computer, printer, copier, file cabinets, water dispenser, and even a coffee maker!  There was even a separate desk for a secretary, if she had one!

Kate sat behind the large oak desk, dressed in her blue DKNY suit, which she used to wear regularly when she worked on Wall Street.  These days, she wore a Maid’s uniform instead, so the suit was a change of attire for her.  She needed her business suit now for Cassandra’s suggested fantasy that she and Beth now act out with Mistress Allison and Kate!

“Sit down!”  Kate said sternly as Beth and Cassandra entered the office together.

Cassandra was wearing a tight blouse and a short skirt, both in blazing red, with stockings and high heels.  Beth was wearing a plaid business suit.  They both carried their purses in their hands.

“Yes, ma’am,” they said together, “you wanted to see us?”

Beth and Cassandra took their seats in front of Kate, who had a manila file folder in front of her on the desk.

“I have asked to see both of you because for the past several weeks, I have had disturbing reports of malfeasance regarding you two, and the time has now come to deal with it.”

“I don’t understand what this is all about,” said Beth.

“All right, Beth, I’ll start with you first.  Why don’t you open your purse and show me what’s inside?” Kate demanded.

“No,” said Beth.

“All right, I suppose I’ll have to make it plain.  For that past few months the mailroom clerk has been telling me that, supplies have been disappearing including pens, paper clips, rubber bands, and reams of paper.  Whenever this happens, you always seem to have been nearby recently.  So why don’t you open your purse and show me what’s inside?”

“I refuse,” Beth replied.

“Your purse, please!”

Beth handed her purse over to Kate, who opened it, and removed two boxes of pens!

“Now what do we have here?” Kate asked.

“I could have bought those anywhere!” Beth protested.

“Before we put the supplies on the shelf, we carefully marked each box!  Look here!”

Kate then opened one of the boxes, and on the inside flap was a red X!

“X marks the spot!” exclaimed Kate.

“Damn!” Beth exclaimed.

“What’s the matter Beth, don’t you make a nice enough salary?  Why do you have to steal pens?”

“I just needed them at home,” Beth answered, “it didn’t cost the company much.”

“Didn’t cost the company much!  Beth, one box of pens isn’t important - but if everyone took home a box or two, that could eventually run into hundreds or thousands of dollars!”

“I’m sorry Kate; I’ll never do it again!” Beth said contritely.

“I’m not finished with you yet!” said Kate, “now to Cassandra here.”

“Yes, Kate?” said Cassandra when her name was mentioned.

“Cassandra, when I hired you I had no idea that you were the office flirt!  You wear low cut tops without a bra, short skirts, and outrageously high heels!”

“How I dress is my own affair!” Cassandra protested.

“What do you have in your purse?” Kate demanded of Cassandra.

“None of your business!” Cassandra answered.

“Oh, I think so.  Watch the monitor!”

The TV set in the office flickered to life, and showed the warehouse in the back of the building.  There was nothing but the desk and a few chairs visible.

Then Cassandra walked on screen, looked around cautiously, and sat down on one of the chairs.  She pulled her panties down around her ankles, and produced a vibrator from her purse!  She pulled up her skirt, and started to bring herself off with the vibrator!

Kate then turned the TV off.

“Well?” asked Kate, “couldn’t you control yourself until you went home?”

“I only did it once!” Cassandra protested.

“Liar!  I have you on camera doing this every afternoon at 1 PM when the warehouse is empty!” contradicted Kate.

“I’m sorry, it will never happen again!” said Cassandra.

“I’ve also seen you throw yourself at just about every man or woman in the office.  Are you really an uncontrollable office slut?” Kate questioned.

“I’m sorry, Kate!”

“Unemployment at ten percent and I have a thief and an office flirt on my hands!  What’s a manager supposed to do?  I should terminate you both right now - unless!”

“Please Kate, I don’t want to lose my job,” Beth begged, I have to support myself and the rent’s due!”

“You should have thought of that before you started stealing office supplies!” lectured Kate.

“I’m sorry, Kate.  I’ll try to behave in a more businesslike manner from now on!” said Cassandra.

“Isn’t there anything we can do to keep our jobs?” Beth asked.

“Well, there is one thing that you can do!” Kate answered, “It’s a disciplinary procedure that’s only done under extreme circumstances.  Many of the women here who have done things wrong in the past have submitted, and have successfully changed their behaviors.”

“What’s that?”

“Have you seen on some of the girls fingers a ring with a small metal circle attached to the top?” Kate asked.

“Yes,” Cassandra answered, playing along!

“That means that she has submitted to special discipline.  Are you both prepared to submit in order to keep your jobs?” Kate demanded.

“Yes!” they both answered in unison.

“Good!” Kate responded, “But this must be kept absolutely secret, and once you’ve earned your rings your jobs will secure from now on!”

“What do we have to do?” asked Cassandra.

“I have to escort you to a secret location within the building for special training!  You will have to be blindfolded - and chained!  Do you have a problem with that?” Kate replied.

“Chained?” asked Cassandra.

“I did say it was a special procedure, done only in extreme circumstances!  So what is it girls, special discipline or the unemployment line?”

Beth and Cassandra looked at each other, not certain of what to do!

“I’ll do it!” said Cassandra, “I can’t afford to lose my job!”

“I guess I have to do it also!  The rent’s due and my credit card bills are killing me!” said Beth.

“I see how you live Beth. You have no discipline in your life whatsoever!  Well, after you accept special discipline, you’ll be a different girl, I guarantee it!” explained Kate.

Cassandra and Beth looked at each other!  Just what had they agreed to?”

“I may as well go first,” said Beth.

“Now, I want both of you on your feet!” ordered Kate.

Warily, the two women stood up from their chairs.  Kate then opened a desk drawer, and removed 2 sets of gleaming steel handcuffs!

Kate then handed a pair to each of her charges, and they both weighed the shining stainless steel handcuffs in their hands!

“You’d think that you girls have never seen handcuffs before!” said Kate, “Now I want you to put them on!”

“You want us to be cuffed?” asked Cassandra.

“That is, after all, the purpose of handcuffs, isn’t it?” Kate asked.

Beth held up her right wrist, and with her left hand pushed one side of the cuffs through the other, the steel ratchets making a metallic sound.  She then closed the cuff onto her right wrist!

“Hands behind your back!” Kate ordered.

“Why then I’ll be helpless!” Cassandra observed.

“That’s the idea, Cassandra.  Actually, you’re going to be a lot more helpless very soon!  Come on now, I don’t have all day!” barked Kate.

Glancing again at each other, with a deep foreboding that this was not quite normal, they proceeded to cuff their hands behind their backs!

“There now, that’s much better!  One thing that you two are going to have to do from now on will be to obey orders from your superiors!  Do you understand?”

“Yes, Kate!” they both said in unison.

“Good, now for some more toys!”

From her desk she removed two leather collars, two red rubber ball-gags, two blindfolds, a lengthy chain, and a leash!

“What are those?” asked Cassandra.

“Things that you’re going to get very familiar with from now on!  Now quiet, and do what you are told!”

“Yes, Ma’am!” said Beth.

“Quiet!” hissed Kate, “you first Beth!”

Kate picked up one of the ball-gags, and from behind Beth, brought the ball up to her mouth!  Beth obediently opened her mouth, and Kate gently pulled it inside, and then buckled it at the nape of her neck!

“Mmmmmmmph!” moaned Beth, now that she had been deprived of the power of speech!

“Most intelligent thing that you’ve said since you were employed here!” Kate observed.

Next Kate locked the collar around Beth’s neck, and the “D” rings gleamed in the office lights!

Kate then turned to Cassandra!

“Your turn, sweetie!”

Cassandra then suffered the same indignities as her bound companion.  She did not resist when she was collared and gagged!

Kate then locked a chain linking their collars together, and the short leash was attached to Cassandra’s collar!

“You’ll be leading the way!” hissed Kate, “but now for the special sauce!”

Both girls were then blindfolded, the leather cutting off their vision!

“Now step carefully girls, and I’ll guide you on your way!”

“Mmmmmmmph!” was all that the two helpless bound girls could manage!

\*\*\*

When the two girls reached their destination, their blindfolds were removed!  They were standing outside a jail cell, in what looked like a chamber of horrors!

“MmmmmmmpH!” they both protested while gagged.

“Silence!” ordered Kate.

Kate ushered them inside one of the cells, which door had been left open!  She then detached the leash from Cassandra’s collar, and stepped outside and closed the cell door with a clang!

“Get used to your new accommodations, girls.  This is just the beginning!” said Kate.

“Mmmmmmph!” moaned Cassandra.

Kate turned on her heels and left the two girls to their fate!

Cassandra tried without effect to pull against her handcuffs, but she had locked them firmly on her wrists.  There would be no escaping them, unless someone had a key!

Beth was trying the same thing!  When they had both locked the cuffs on their wrists behind their backs, Kate had taken the precaution to make sure that they were fully closed on their wrists, so they could slip out of them!

The gags prevented any meaningful conversation, and her distress increased as she surveyed her surroundings!

Outside the jail cell she could clearly see a set of stocks; a wooden device in the shape of an “X”; chains hanging from the ceiling; and a small wooden cage!  But what was against the wall produced the most fear in her!

Wide-eyed, she could see whips, riding crops, floggers, and enough toys to fill a kinky sex shop!

Once in Manhattan she had worked around the corner from a leather shop that had specialized in that sort of thing!  She had gone online and looked a few bondage sites out of curiosity, and had even bought a couple of bondage DVDs as well!  She couldn’t believe that some people did this in real life!

And now here she was, helpless, gagged and chained, in a jail cell!

What horrors would now await her and Beth!

“Mmmmmmmph!” Cassandra stared at the wall rack, and once Beth saw what she was trying to point at, her eyes widened as well!

“Mmmmmmmph!” Beth moaned in unison.

Cassandra edged to the cell door and tried to open it, but it was firmly locked!  Pulling gently on the chain that connected her to Beth, she indicated that they should try and sit down on a prison cot attached to the wall!

It was then that the door opened, and in walked a woman wearing PVC Catsuit; high heeled black boots, a leather belt around her waist; and she was holding a riding crop in her hands!

Close behind her was a woman dressed in a Black Maid’s uniform made of Latex, with a corset laced around her waist, a collar locked around her neck, and a mask concealing her face!

“Well now,” she said, “what do we have here?” asked the first woman.

“Two new girls for you, Mistress,” answered the Maid.

“Excellent.  I haven’t had any new pupils for some time.  I want you to go inside and remove the collar chain and their gags.  We have much to discuss!”

“Yes, Mistress!” said the Latex Maid!

The Latex Maid entered the cell, and did as she was instructed!  Both Beth and Cassandra now found themselves freed of the rubber balls in their mouths, and of the chain linking their collars together!

Once that was done, the Maid left them in the cell, and again locked the door behind her!

“Your names?” demanded the woman.

“Who are you?” asked Beth.

“I will ask the questions around here.  Your names!”

“I’m Beth!”

“I’m Cassandra,” they answered, “now what’s going on around here?”

“From now on, you two will address me as ’Mistress’; do you understand?”

“Who the hell are you?” Cassandra demanded.

“That will earn you a punishment on top of the discipline that you were going to get in the first place!” said the Mistress coldly.

“What’s all this talk about discipline?” asked Beth, “Mistress?”

“At least one of you has a brain, even if you didn’t use it at work,” began the Mistress, “both of you are here because you committed malfeasance at work.  Beth, I understand you were caught stealing office supplies.  Is this true?”

“Yes, Mistress,” Beth replied.

“Do you know how many thousands of dollars the average company spends on office supplies!  If everyone helped themselves to supplies, it could be very costly indeed!  Do you know that Southwest Airlines employees have to turn in an empty pen before they give their employees a new one?”

“No, Mistress! I didn’t know that!”

“Well you’re going to learn a very painful lesson about theft from your employer, my darling!” said the Mistress, “now that leaves us with Cassandra, the office slut!  Cassandra do you know how disruptive you are in the workplace environment?”

“No, Mistress,” Cassandra answered.

“Don’t think that your antics have gone unobserved for the past year!  It’s common gossip around the company to see what you’re wearing - or not wearing to work every day!  Also, are you trying to carve notches in your bedpost?”

“No, Mistress!” Cassandra quickly answered.

“How many of your fellow employees have you tried to seduce in the past year?  Now I know that you did a quickie with one man in the supply room, and you had a lesbian tryst in an empty office.  There are probably more that I don’t know about.  Is that correct?”

“Yes, Mistress,” Cassandra answered.

“You’re just like a bitch in heat, aren’t you?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“I hope you know that you are a very disruptive influence in the workplace, because you can’t seem to control yourself!” said the Mistress.

“I’m sorry, Mistress!  It will never happen again!” Cassandra declared.

“From now on, if the urge to be sexual at work overtakes you, you can come to me and I shall deal with your sexual desires.  All right, now that I have determined you various transgressions, we can now move on!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

“Good.  In addition to addressing me as ’Mistress’ I am  your new office trainer!  Except instead of training you in your jobs, I will instead be training you in the arts of discipline instead!  Do you see the things on the wall rack?”

“Yes, Mistress!” they answered.

“All of those things are for the correction of girls who have disobeyed the rules, and you two are my newest subjects.  You’re both going to be punished for your malfeasance at work!”

“You can’t be serious!” said Cassandra.

“You don’t understand, do you, slut?  You’re just one step away from the unemployment line!  What you don’t know is that my other pupils in the company are all quite happy with wearing my collar and submitting!  And you two will be the same way!”

“Yes, Mistress,” said Beth.

“Enough talk!  I want you both to back up to the bars so that my Maid can unlock your handcuffs, and then I want you both to strip down to your birthday suits.  You can wear your high heels - in fact that’s about the only thing that you’re allowed to wear down here!” explained the Mistress.

It was Beth who reluctantly did as she was instructed first!  She walked to the bars, and the Maid unlocked her handcuffs!  She then began to remove her clothes, folding them in a neat pile on the prison cot!

“You’re not serious about doing this?” Cassandra asked of Beth.

“What other choice do I have?” Beth replied.

Cassandra then back up to the cell bars, and the Maid unlocked her cuffs.  Soon, her clothes joined Beth’s on the cot!  They were both naked and exposed to the Mistress and the Maid!

“Very nice, my dears.  Now you’re going to again lock the cuffs behind your back, and them I’m going to inspect the goods!” snarled the Mistress.

The only sound was that of the handcuff’s steel ratchets closing!

“At least you two are learning to obey orders,” said the Mistress.

“Yes, Mistress,” they both replied.

“You may open the door,” said the Mistress to the Maid.

“Yes, Mistress,” she answered.

“I want both of you outside the cell and in front of me now!” demanded the Mistress.

Unwillingly, both girls did as they were told!  They exited the cell, naked and exposed, and still bound and helpless!

“That’s better,” said the Mistress.

Beth and Cassandra waited for whatever was going to happen to them next!

The Mistress then put on a pair of rubber gloves, and stood in front of Beth.  She began her inspection by cupping and fondling her breasts, and pinching her nipples!

“Owwww!” Beth cried.

“Silence, slut!  There’s a lot worse coming your way!” said the Mistress, “have you ever been whipped?”

“Whipped, Mistress?” asked Beth.

“Yes, whipped?  That’s a fairly straightforward question, now isn’t it?” demanded the Mistress.

“No, Mistress, I’ve never been whipped,” Beth answered.

“Well, here you are going to become familiar with the whip, and the crop and the flogger too!  Do you understand?”

“Yes, Mistress!”

“Good, just so long as we understand each other!  Now turn around and bend over!”

Beth did as she was told, and she felt her buttocks pried apart, and a latex clad finger inserted into her anus!

“Oooooooh!” Beth moaned in surprise.

“Have you ever had anal sex or worn a butt plug?”

“No, Mistress!”

“Now stand up!”

The Mistress now stood in front of her, and began to fondle and massage her pussy, then plunged her index and forefinger into her sex!

“Ever worn a dildo harness?”

“A what harness?” asked Beth, shocked at the invasion of her most feminine and private parts.

“A dildo harness.  It locks around your waist, and had a cross piece with a latex cock sticking up inside you!”

“No, Mistress!  I’ve never worn anything like that!” Beth answered, shocked at the description.

“You will,” said the Mistress coldly.

Beth now stood in stunned silence as her sex was probed and invaded by the gloved fingers!  Just as she was responding sexually and becoming excited, the exploring fingers were removed!

“Pain before pleasure, Beth,” said the Mistress.

“Yes, Mistress!”

Changing to a new pair of gloves, Cassandra was subjected to the same humiliating examination!

Her breasts, nipples, anus, and pussy were all probed in turn, coldly and efficiently by the Mistress!

Cassandra too was both turned on and disappointed as her sex was first probed, and then the Mistress removed her fingers as well from her sex!

“Have you ever been whipped before?  Engaged in anal sex?  Worn a dildo harness before?” asked the Mistress.

“No, Mistress.  I haven’t done any of those things,” Cassandra answered.

“Considering that you’re the office slut, I’m surprised that you’re not more sexually adventurous.  Still, you’re here to learn!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

“As I said before, I’m your new office trainer, and you will obey me totally from now on!  If you fail to do so, you will be punished.  But beginning now, for the transgressions that you have already made, your instruction starts now - in the ways of the riding crop and whip!  If you decline, you’ll be on the unemployment line - do you understand me?” the Mistress demanded.

“Yes, Mistress!” they both answered together.

“You may remove their handcuffs and lock bondage bracelets on their wrists and ankles.  It’s time our new pupils learn the ways of the lash!”

“Yes, Mistress!” said the Maid.

Both Beth and Cassandra soon found themselves further in bondage, their wrists and ankles now locked into leather bracelets that sported “D” rings on their circumference!

“Get used to wearing them, girls.  Leather and steel are going to be your constant companions from now on!” said the Mistress.

“Yes, Mistress!”

“I see you’re learning!  Who wants to go first?” asked the Mistress.

“For what, Mistress?” asked Beth.

“Why to be punished!  You’re not going to get off with a counseling memo from now on, darlings!  Here you’re going to pay with your naked bodies!” declared the Mistress.

Beth looked shocked in response!  She now had a true Hobson’s choice!  Either her naked flesh or the unemployment line!

“I’ll go first,” meekly said Beth, afraid for her naked skin.

“What are you so frightened of girl?  Women have been whipped for thousands of years, and we’re the better for it!  The trouble with the modern world is that we have ceased physical punishments!  Spare the rod and spoil the child is my motto!”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“What would you like to be punished with?” asked the Mistress.

“The riding crop, Mistress,” Beth answered.

“And why did you choose that, Beth?”

“I saw it in a porn film once, Mistress,” Beth replied.

“A good a reason as any.  To save time,” the Mistress said to her Latex Maid, “I want both of them hanging from the ceiling, their arms and legs spread apart.  This way they’ll both feel a bond of sisterhood as they’re punished!”

“Yes, Mistress!” said the Latex Maid.

Once the two naked girls had been secured as ordered, the Latex Maid clicked her heels over to the wall rack and removed the riding crop.  She presented it to the Mistress, executing a small bow in the process.

“This is a lesson for both of you.  Once trained you’ll be expected to select whatever instrument of punishment you choose, and then present it to me, and ask to be disciplined.  Do you understand?”

“Yes, Mistress!” they both answered.

“Good.  You have both entered a new world here, and you will be trained properly!  I will punish you if you forget how to conduct yourselves, but never for ignorance!”

“Thank you, Mistress!”

“Good!”

The Mistress then took the riding crop in her hands, and then flexed it in front of Beth!  She displayed the crop to Beth, whose eyes widened in response.

“Ever see one of these up close?”

“No, Mistress,” Beth replied.

“It’s a piece of bamboo wrapped in leather, with a loop for the hand, and a wrapped leather handle, and a flat tip at the business end.  Perfect for horses - or naked girls!”

Beth shuddered in her chains, whimpering!

“Once you’ve been trained you’ll be able to take the crop and whip as being perfectly normal, just as many of your fellow employees do,” said the Mistress.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Relax my dear!  You’re about to enter a new world of pain and pleasure, and once you’ve been trained, you’ll crave both!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

“Now kiss the crop, and thank me for your punishment!”

“Thank you for punishing me Mistress,” said Beth.

“You’re welcome, my dear!” the Mistress responded.

When the first stroke of the crop landed on Beth’s exposed outer thigh, she screamed from the tension that she had been holding inside her!  She had feared that the Mistress would deliver a stroke that would her, and instead it had been a light tap that didn’t even redden the flesh!

“Did I surprise you?” asked the Mistress.

“Yes, Mistress.  I was afraid you were going to hurt me!” Beth answered.

“My goal is not to hurt you Beth, but instead to make you come to enjoy your new role as submissive.  As I said before, you will come to enjoy pleasure and pain together.  In fact, you will come to crave them and desire to see me even when you have committed no further wrongs!”

“Is this possible, Mistress?”

“Once you leave here ask any of your female colleagues who wear my ring how they desire my lash!” said the Mistress.

“Yes, Mistress!  I’ll do so later,” Beth answered.

“Then we shall continue!”

The Mistress then began a regular series of strokes with the riding crop onto Beth’s virgin flesh!  She began with light taps at first, then proceeded onto stronger strokes!

She circled around Beth’s bound naked body like a predator circling prey - which was an apt metaphor!  Beth was naked and exposed, her body held just slightly off the floor with her heels just touching enough to give her enough traction so that she didn’t spin around every time that the Mistress struck her with the crop!

“Aaaaaaah!” Beth moaned slightly in her captivity.

“How do you feel, Beth?” asked the Mistress.

“Fine, Mistress!” Beth declared.

For all her fears, Beth admitted to herself that for all her fears of the crop, her introduction to it was rather nice!  Her body was responding not like she was being hurt, but rather erotically instead!  The crop was landing on her breasts, thighs, bottom, and sex, and she couldn’t avoid being excited by the crop!  It was an entirely new sensation for her!

“Aaaaaaaah!” Beth moaned in pleasure as the crop struck her again and again.

Cassandra looked at her sister in bondage, wondering just what was happening to her!  Far from being in pain, she looked as if she was enjoying her ordeal!

The PVC clad Mistress was skilled with the crop!  She delivered ever stronger strokes onto Beth’s naked and exposed flesh, occasionally marking her, and Beth meanwhile had come to want more!

“Please Mistress!” Beth begged.

“Yes my dear!”

“I’m not a china doll!  Please strike me harder with the crop!  I won’t break!  Mistress!” Beth plead in her chains.

The Mistress continued her slow but relentless introduction of the riding crop for Beth, who was eagerly anticipating each stroke!

Beth twisted in her chains, as the flat tip of the crop found it’s way onto her naked exposed body again and again!

“Aaaaaaaah!” Beth moaned in pleasure.

“That’s very good, Beth!” said the Mistress.

“Thank you, Mistress!”

The crop was giving Beth a warm feeling all over her naked body, and the Mistress was paying particular attention to her breasts and pussy!  Every stroke of the crop was driving Beth to new sexual feelings that she had never had before!

“Do you like this?” asked the Mistress.

“Yes, Mistress!  Please continue!  Strike me harder!”

“As you wish!”

The Mistress continued using the crop on her new student of discipline!  She reflected that one never knew how a new student would ever react under the lash.  Sometimes, it was the girl who most protested who in turn would become the most submissive!  Other times it was the quiet ones who had been repressed sexually who needed an outlet for their pent-up sexual beings - and the Mistress was eager to provide them with that release!

Slap!  Slap!  Slap!

The leather at the crop’s business end was now striking Beth’s naked with audible force, and she could be heard to make a small cry with every stroke!  Still, the Mistress noted her hunger for the crop!

Oh, Beth was going to be a very good girl indeed!

The Mistress then began to slap the crop’s pad between Beth’s inside thighs like a metronome - and Beth moaned her appreciation!  It was obvious that Beth was close to an orgasm - and the Mistress knew that by giving her one, she would secure Beth in her power, as she would hunger for the lash!

She increased the tempo and power of her strokes, making Beth writhe and moan in her bondage!

When Kate had told her that she was sending along two more girls for malfeasance, it was always a mystery to see how they would respond.  Here she was with the first girl, and she knew that she already had a new and eager submissive!

“Oooooooh!” cried Beth as the crop struck her again and again!

It was then that the Mistress delivered several sharp strokes with the crop to her pussy, making Beth squirm in her chains, and then she pressed the tip between her thighs into her juicing cunt - and Beth came noisily!

“AaaaaaaH!” she cried, shaking in her chains, her entire body vibrating as the climax overtook her!

The Mistress watched as Beth exhausted herself in her orgasm, Cassandra staring in wonder as her co-worker moaned in pleasure being brought about by pain!

Sweating from her torment, Beth soon regained her composure!  The sweat ran down her naked body, onto her breasts, and between her naked thighs!  It glistened in the halogen lights!

“Thank you, Mistress!” said Beth.

“Now kiss the crop!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

“Did you enjoy your introduction to discipline?” asked the Mistress.

“Yes, Mistress, very much so!  Please crop me again?’ Beth begged in earnest!

“I’m sorry my dear, but I now have to acquaint you friend Cassandra here with discipline.

The Mistress turned to her Maid and handed her the crop, the tip of which was coated with Beth’s juices!

“Get some oil and clean the crop now before Beth’s secretions dry - we have to keep the crop ready for our next victim!”

“Yes, Mistress,” the Latex Maid replied.

“Now we turn to Cassandra here, AKA the office slut!  Did you enjoy Beth’s performance under the crop?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“How do you think that you will perform under discipline?” demanded the Mistress.

“I don’t know, Mistress.  I’ve never been punished before,” Cassandra admitted.

“Well, tonight you’re going to find out!”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“What’s wrong - no more protests?” asked the Mistress.

“No, Mistress.”

“You’ve resigned yourself to punishment?”

“Yes, Mistress!”

The Mistress reached forward and fondled Cassandra’s breasts again, and pinched her nipples once more!

“Aaaaaaaah!” shrieked Cassandra.

“Why are your nipples erect, Cassandra?  Can it be that all of this secretly excites you?  That deep down you want to be punished like Beth?” the Mistress demanded of her chained captive.

“I don’t know, Mistress.”

“We’re going to find, my dear!  Girls can act the most surprising way under the lash!” said the Mistress.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Now choose your instrument of punishment!”

“The whip, Mistress.  I choose the whip!” Cassandra answered.

“A wise choice, my dear.”

The Mistress did not even have to asked her masked Latex Maid for the whip, as her assistant removed the coiled black leather whip from it’s place on the rack (the crop having been cleaned); and she walked over and handed it to the Mistress!

“Kiss the whip, Cassandra!”

Cassandra was offered the whip, and she kissed it with a bit of hesitancy.  After all, she was going to be whipped for the first time!

The Mistress stepped back from Cassandra, and she knew that she had to employ a different strategy than she had used with Beth!

“Owwwww!” cried Cassandra as the first stroke sliced across her thighs, “that hurt!”

The first five strokes with the whip were delivered with a stinging force that left Cassandra confused.  Why was she being treated differently than her bound companion?

“I haven’t left a mark on you!” declared the Mistress.

“Owwwww!” Cassandra cried again as the whip sliced across her bottom.

“I guess big girls do cry!” laughed the Mistress.

Then the severity of the strokes was reduced, again confusing Cassandra.  The Mistress had started gently with Beth, why had she been introduced so nicely to discipline?

“Is that better?” asked the Mistress as the whip gently tapped on Cassandra’s flesh.

“Yes, Mistress!”

“Would you like the stronger strokes again?”

“Yes, Mistress.  But only if you lead up to them gradually.”

“You know what to expect, having seen Beth cropped.  You were a naughty girl, Cassandra, and you had to be punished.”

The Mistress then began to strike Cassandra with a series of ever sharper strokes!  She circled around her, making sure that the tip never struck the same place twice!

The steady accumulation of strokes soon began to tell on Cassandra’s flesh, creating a warm glow of sensuality as the pain of the first five strokes faded!  Cassandra felt the contrast between, and she desired to be used harder by the Mistress!

“Aaaaaaaah!” Cassandra cried, as the whip landed on her breasts.

“What are you thinking, Cassandra?” demanded the Mistress.

“A silly thought, Mistress!”

“Nothing is silly under the lash.  Tell me!” the Mistress demanded of her captive.

“That nice girls don’t get whipped!” cried Cassandra, as the whip struck her again and again.

The whip was assaulting her breasts, underarms, bottom, and thighs!  But when the whip went between her legs, she tried to escape the whip, but it was hopeless!  A naked girl was no match for steel and leather!

“Aaaaaaaah!”

The Mistress was an expert with the whip, and knew how to use it on naked girls!  She brought Cassandra up to a sexual frenzy with the lash, and she knew that Cassandra would be begging for release, just as Beth had done!

The Mistress then stopped and pinched Cassandra’s nipples, making her flinch in her chains - then she reached down and cupped her pussy in her hand.

“Aaaaaaah!” Cassandra moaned.

The Mistress then inserted her forefinger and index finger into Cassandra’s wet and ready pussy, thrusting and withdrawing her fingers repeatedly!

“AaaaaaaaaH!”

“You’re a slut, Cassandra.  It’s a good thing you were sent to me for training before you did something really stupid at work!”

“AaaaaaaaaH!”

Cassandra was just about ready to come when the Mistress again denied her release!  She had opened her mouth to protest, when the Mistress pushed her fingers coated with Cassandra’s own secretions inside!

“Mmmmmmmph!”

“Taste yourself, you wanton hussy!” ordered the Mistress.

Cassandra cleaned the fingers of her own female juices, her heart pounding in her chest.  When was she going to have relief from her sexual needs?

The whipping started again, and the Mistress made no pretense of being gentle!  No, every stroke made Cassandra’s flesh sting from the bite of the whip!

But when lash began to fall on her wet sex did Cassandra finally come close to orgasm - and then she was over the line!

“AaaaaaaH!” moaned Cassandra in ecstasy as the orgasm broke through her.

She writhed and moaned in her chains, just as Beth had done!  Cassandra no longed cared about the whip, or the marks that it probably left on her naked body!

She too had discovered the joys of submission, and would ask to be further trained by the Mistress!

\*\*\*

Later on, after both girl had been attended to, they were naked in one of the jail cells.  The Latex Maid had brought them tea and cookies as a repast after their ordeal.

Neither of them was self-conscious about her nudity.  Rather, they reveled in their lack of clothes, and the collars that they wore!

“I rather like the policies of this company,” said Cassandra, “much better than just signing some old letter!”

“Yes,” agreed Beth, “I can hardly wait for my next session!”

“Do you think they would allow us to make love in the cell?  It’s the one place I haven’t had sex yet!”

“Probably only with permission!” said Beth.

“But I if we do without permission, then we’ll be punished again.  And I can certainly agree to that!” Cassandra replied.

It was then that the Latex Maid entered their cell to take away the tray she had brought their tea & cookies on.

She removed her mask, and it was Kate, their supervisor!

“You!” said Cassandra.

“Yes, did you think it would be anyone else?” laughed Kate.

“You serve the Mistress?”

“For years!  Let’s just say that she fills a need in me that can be satisfied no other way,” Kate replied.

“I’m surprised, Kate.  Normally you’re so bossy,” Beth observed.

“Yes, but I’m a submissive at heart.  And I just love being disciplined by the Mistress.”

“I do too,” said Kate, and Beth nodded her assent.

\*\*\*

The next day, Beth thanked Cassandra for her wonderful fantasy!

“That was really a lot of fun!” said Beth, as she and Cassandra shared some coffee in the afternoon.

“Yes, that was nice!”

Both girls were wearing their red “O” dresses, their breasts on display.

“Do you think I should get my nipples pierced?” Cassandra asked her companion.

“No, they look just fine!” said Beth.

“I think you’re right!”
