---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Another Rainy Day
authors:
- Jessi
tags:
- Sbf
- F/f
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2006-11-02 00:00:00
---

This was awhile back with one of my girlfriends...

I called up Jen that day to see what she was doing, and it turned out that we
both had the day off. Being a rainy day, we were both really bored and after a
small chat we decided to have a little adventure... so... Jen said she was going
to have a shower, then dress and she would be over shortly after.... so I decided
to have a shower as well. She hung up the phone and I immediately ran up to my
closet and pulled out a change of "comfortable clothes" and my bag of tricks as
well. I went down to the bathroom and took a quick shower and a fresh shave and
shampoo. After I got out of the bathroom, I dried off and cleaned up a little;
and then I slipped on my black corset and matching thigh-highs and pulled on my favorite strappy high-heels, and put on my "o"ring choker.

After dressing, I went into the kitchen (where the main entrance faces) and left
a note on the dining table:

"Jen-here are the keys to my treasure, come and find
me!  Jessi"

I left the note facing the door with my handcuff keys holding the
note in place. I figured at this point that I had about 45 minutes or so before
she arrived, so I grabbed my bag and hurried into the guest bedroom and shut the
door behind me. I bent down and opened up the bag, pulling out a few lengths of
rope, my handcuffs, ball-gag, nipple clamps, and vibrator. I wrapped one skein
of rope around my ankles, above and below my knees, and I made a noose around
the back of the ankle-tie. After that I cinched up everything and proceeded to
bind the rest of myself completely.

I knelt over on my stomach so I could gain access to my opening and slide my
vibrator inside and turn it on "2" after I felt the first big rush of sensation
and adjusted to its movement, I quickly grabbed my ball-gag and placed the
straps around my neck and under the hair, shoved the ball in my mouth as tight
as it would fit and pulled the buckle tight behind me. I then placed the clamps
on my now perk nipples and snatched my handcuffs and quickly rolled over so I
could slip the chain through the noose on my ankle-tie and hurriedly I snapped
them shut around each wrist....

Now completely helpless of my own doing, I squirmed as much as possible in my
taught hogtie over to the corner of the room behind the guest-bed to await my
friend's arrival. On making my way over to the bed, not even ten minutes after I
sealed myself in, I had my first orgasm! I couldn't believe that I had already
came... I tried to calmly collect myself as much as I could, but in my current
state, I didn't even make it to the bed before I heard the front door swing
open. I then heard Jen.

"Jess? I grabbed a beer out of the fridge on the porch!
Hope you don't mind! What's this?"

My heart started pounding as I knew that
she had just realized I was incapable of responding... Then I heard her walk
throughout the rest of the house, checking each room as she passed... I heard her
pass by my bedroom "Jessi?...hmmm...only one more place to check..."

Then I
started squirming more trying to move around so she wouldn't see all of me just
yet...

Just then, the door flew open "Aha! So this is your idea of adventure today?"

I
nodded to her and tried to tell her "Please turn off this vibrator"

But she
mocked me saying that all she heard was "meamph muhm uhmf mymamurhmph" That
turned me on realizing that I must sound like a totally helpless slut-in-heat
now. She tipped back the rest of her beer bottle and the pressed the cold glass
against my right ass-cheek.

"My, you've outdone yourself this time haven't you
lovely?"

All I could do was moan into my gag as the vibrator was about to give me one
more go.

"Oh? You've even equipped yourself a little pleasure device to spend your time
with? Well, I'll just make sure that its doing its job, then..."

Jen grabbed the
base of the vibrator that was stuck between my thighs and cranked it up on full
speed! All I could do was thrash about on the floor in my strict tie and pray
that she was just being mean, there's no way I could take that for very long.

"I'm going to have a little fun with you" She said, "You make your way over here
to where I'm laying the keys to your handcuffs and I'll let you out so you can
lick my pussy, otherwise you'll just have to spend the rest of your time bound
like that until you're a pile of pulp."

That turned me on even more, and with the floor scooting around under me,
rubbing my clamped nipples and the vibe doing its duty full-time, I tried for
what seemed like forever to flip over enough to slowly inch my way over to the
keys on the floor. Just as I reached the keys (some, twenty minutes later) Jen
said "Oops!" and kicked the keys further away from me. "Remember, not
until you
reach the keys, Jessica!"

And off she walked into the rest of the house. I heard
her open another bottle and turn on the television, popping in a video from our
homemade collection, I'm pretty sure she started enjoying herself without me.
All I could do was moan and scream incoherently at her through my gagged mouth.
At the time, all I wanted to do was get those keys; but I still wanted more
pleasure as well... I was turned on to full blast that day.

Well, it took me quite awhile to get to the keys, and even after I got them Jen
continued to watch the video. I scrounged around behind myself for awhile,
finally figuring out how to undo the locks on my cuffs. I released myself
quickly, undid all of my ropes and flipped over to really get off. I did, and
then I took off my gag, and my clamps.

I picked up some of the rope to start
cleaning up and then walked into the next room to see that Jen was a little
tipsy and enjoying the video quite a bit more than I expected. So I quickly
surprised her and grabbed her, lifting her up off the couch and I spun her
around before she could tell what was going on. I held her arms behind her in
mine, as I dragged her to the back room where the handcuffs were... as you could
probably guess, I quickly snapped them shut around her wrists, placed the
ball-gag in HER mouth, and did her up in the same fashion as I was just ten
minutes previous.

I cranked the vibrator up full speed on her and said "NOW,
Jen... I'm going to HIDE the keys in one of these rooms in the house.... come and
find them, and I'll let you eat ME out!"

All she could say was "MMMMPH!" in
argument, so I took that as an "okay" and walked into the bathroom, and hid the
keys in the towel drawer. I knew that there was no way she would find them, so
I just went and rewound the video and laid back on the couch to watch my best
friend struggle through the den....
