---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Home for the Holidays 2: Candy Canes and Mistletoe'
authors:
- Pvt. Blue Eyes
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- cuffs
- bdsm
- cons
- X
date: 2009-01-27 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Home for the Holidays 1: A Visit from Santa**](homefortheholidays.html))

**Part 2: Candy Canes and Mistletoe**

Christmas morning came and went as the children unwrapped presents under the tree.  She couldn’t help but smile as each tag dedicated to “Santa” was read as she glanced with a secret smile at her husband across the room.

On the inside, as she prepared the holiday meal, she began to wonder – was it a one time deal?  Was it just one secret night with Santa or would she feel the ecstasy and passion again that can only come from being completely helpless?

As the plates were cleared from the table and their loved ones headed home or to bed, she carried piles of dishes to the kitchen sink and began working on the eternal mess created by feeding people a real homemade meal.  She heard her husband tuck the children in and knew they were alone.

Was Santa going to come back?

As she wrapped up cramming dishes into the dishwasher and had everything else sitting in an overnight soak, he came through the kitchen door.
”All set?” was the inquiry.  She nodded and turned.  He set another set of dishes next to her and said, “Not yet” and walked away.

Ugh.  The nerve.  She had already been standing there for nearly an hour scraping ham glaze gunk off the bottom of the dishes that wouldn’t melt in the dishwasher.  She set to work on the final pile.

Again footsteps.  She moved to take a step back but was pinned next to the sink.  A scarred arm reached forward and offered a dishtowel.  “They will wait.”

She accepted the towel and as she dried her hands she felt the smooth leather and cool metal of the buckle come across her neck.  The familiar click came of the padlock sliding into place.  A hand reached forward and selected an arm bringing it behind her to lock into place the wrist restraint followed quickly by the next as a smile crept across her face – Santa had returned.

Her hands were placed in front of her and locked together and she was led into the living room.  The television was on and there was a small cushion placed next to his recliner where he preferred to sit.  Surely he didn’t expect her to sit on the floor while he watched television!!!  She opened her mouth to complain and found it filled with a candy cane.

“I didn’t ask for your opinion and I don’t want your opinion.  If you drop the candy cane you will retrieve it with your mouth from the filthy floor and bring it to me.  You don’t want to know what will happen with it should you drop it.  Now go to your place and kneel.”

She sulked to the cushion and sank to her knees.  This was supposed to be fun.  This was supposed to be about what SHE wanted.  How the HELL did it get out of control this fast?

He sat and watched her muse about the turn of events.  He smiled to himself because she hadn’t removed the candy cane.  He watched her slowly twirl the red and white striped candy in her mouth and thought the candy cane shouldn’t be the only thing on her that looked so festive.
”Stay”.

He arose and walked out of the room leaving her confused and alone.  Was she to continue to kneel?  Her legs already ached from the preparation of the meal and festivities of the day, not to mention the activities of last night.  She sighed and waited a moment for him to return.  When he continued to be gone she sank to her bottom on the cushion giving her knees a much-needed break.

But he had been around the corner watching her the whole time.  The second she settled into the cushion, he returned with something behind his back.

“Did I tell you to sit?  Did I TELL you to sit?  I couldn’t have told you to sit.  I wasn’t here.  How presumptuous of you to decide on your own that it was okay to disobey my orders!  And so quickly too!  I guess the cushion is too good for a slave who can’t kneel for a few minutes while her Master goes to retrieve a treat.  I guess you’ll have to settle for a trick instead.”

“Off your cushion and on your hands and knees!”

Grudgingly she did as he ordered and climbed off the cushion to the middle of the room and rose to her hands and knees.  He walked in front of her and from behind his back produced a ball of mistletoe he had removed from the hallway decorations.

“See this?  I’m going to place this ball of mistletoe on your back.  Should it fall off your back I will hang it on your candy cane and YOU can figure out how to compensate for the weight without losing the peppermint candy.”

She sighed with relief; only on her hands and knees and balancing a ball of mistletoe?  No problem.  She had this one completely covered as he bent down and placed the ball in the small of her back.

He then walked out of sight and she held position for a moment while she could feel him circling on the floor.  She felt him lift her skirt up over her bottom.  Ah – so he was to see the surprise she had for him tonight.  Stockings and garters and no panties – she’d been wet all day just thinking about him finding out.

“What a naughty little girl I have and what a nice surprise for Santa but that doesn’t excuse your behavior earlier.  I’m afraid I’m going to have to make your lovely bottom match that peppermint candy in your mouth.”

Before she had a chance to think she felt a narrow stinging pain across her backside.  The rattan cane had swished through the air and made contact with her practically bare bottom.  A nice red welt rose where he had struck and he was pleased with the first of her stripes.

Whoosh, a second stripe fell parallel to the first.  A third, a fourth, a fifth.  She whimpered and cringed in pain feeling herself lose the composure needed to keep the ball of mistletoe nestled on her back.

He smiled – she had performed better than he thought she would and now her candy cane striped ass rose high in the air much to his satisfaction.  He gently rubbed her rear as a silent apology and she began to squirm.
So, much as she claimed she hated it she loved the pain too…  He reached between her legs and found her pussy wet and slick with it’s own juices.  A determined finger came forward and began to tap on her clit.

Tap, tap, tap.  With each tap she squirmed and shuddered and moaned.  The mistletoe was in danger of falling as she tried to stand still and adapt to it’s swaying on her back.  She wanted to buck and rock against his hand but she knew it would fall if she committed such a sin.

He smiled and tapped yet again.  She groaned with wanting that was being denied and then his hand was gone.  He brought his finger around to the front of her and removed the candy cane from her mouth replacing it with the finger that was soaked in her juices from tapping on her clit.

“Suck it.”

Her eyes pleaded no as she hated anything to do with “those things” but this game wasn’t hers anymore.  She swallowed and sucked tentatively on his finger.  She wanted nothing more than to remove his finger from her lips but she knew if she let go, her candy cane stripes were going to have more friends.

He smiled to himself at making her do something that appalled her so much.  He removed his finger and replaced it with a new candy cane.  He was nowhere near done and didn’t want her to run out of candy to suck on.

He came behind her and gently rubbed her sore bottom again.  He reached up and mercifully removed the mistletoe.  He carried it around in front of her and smiled.

“You passed and have learned your lesson for moving.  I am proud of you.  Perhaps you will think before you sit on your bottom without permission again?”  Knowing full well ANY time she sat on her bottom in the next few days she would think of her mistake.  Dinner would be fun – there was no padding on the chairs in the dining room.

She quietly nodded and looked to his eyes.  She had learned her lesson well.  She hoped he would remove the candy cane and give her permission to speak but he turned and returned to the sore end of her body.

He knelt between her knees and reached forward to play with her clit in earnest this time. “Now don’t forget not to drop your candy cane!  We wouldn’t want the children to hear Mommy’s cries in the night….”

She wriggled and pushed against his hand as he mercilessly teased her to a frenzy.  He knew she needed more to go all the way and finally gave into her endless writhing.  Unbuttoning his trousers he slid himself into her hot wet snatch.  She pushed back against him and gave an obvious open-mouthed moan as she scrambled to try and keep the candy cane in her mouth.

He smiled to himself at his control over her and drove home the orgasm from hell and heaven for both of them.  As they collapsed to the floor he reached over and retrieved the candy cane still in her mouth.  He smiled and gave her peppermint-candied lips a kiss.

“I think your bottom is going to need a break for a few days darling but I promise, we will play again soon….

If you enjoyed Candy Canes and Mistletoe and would like to hear how Santa and the Mrs rang in New Year’s, email Pvt. Blue Eyes at pvt\_blue\_eyes@yahoo.com
