---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: An Assistant Job Unlike Any Other
authors:
- Northern Chill
tags:
- M-f
- transform
- lovedoll
- nc
- X
date: 2006-10-27 00:00:00
---

As Jenny let the hot shower water flow off her lithe body, she
reflected
how her life had changed over the past seven days. She had answered a
personal
ad for a job that read " Personal Assistant needed immediately for 12
month
period. Applicant must be willing to work closely with the client and
put
personal life on hold for duration of employment. Please submit a photo
with a detailed resume to this address." It was an unusual ad to say
the
least but Jenny was glad she did . From the moment she met the
mysterious
Mr. Bill Jones, she was dazzled by his charm, sophistication and
seemingly
endless wealth. The fact that he had hired her 30 minutes after the
initial
interview was great as well.

The first few days were spent pretty much as Jenny desired with her
closing
out her apartment, putting her belongings into storage and informing
friends
and family she would be incommunicado due to work commitments over the
next twelve months. After moving her personal effects into the mansion
where she would be working with Bill, she got to know her employer
quite
well to the point where she found herself romantically as well as
sexually
involved with him.

Jenny
leaned over and turned off the shower as she stepped out onto the plush
bath mat feeling a little exhilarated. After towelling off, she wrapped
the
soft white towel around her ample tits and made her way out to the
Jacuzzi
where Bill awaited her.

"
Jenny, you look simply sensational even just wearing an ordinary towel !
" crowed Bill as he embraced her closely. She could tell that
underneath
his softy terry cloth robe he was just as naked as she was.

She
looked up into those soft brown eyes she had learned to love looking
into
and smiled sexily. " Well, shall we step into the Jacuzzi and see
what's
underneath " she purred.

He
grinned " Well, it can wait for a bit .I think I'd like to take a closer
look right now ..." he whispered as he tugged away the white towel
circling
her to reveal her beautiful body in all its glory. As they fell to the
ground kissing and groping each other hungrily, she franticly removed
his
robe as she ran her hands over his chest.

As the
petting and fondling became more intense, she on impulse pushed herself
up on her arms and legs and while thrusting her ass high in the air
hissed
" Fuck me, Bill ! Take me right in the ass now !

Bill's
eyes smoldered with lust as he moved behind her. Jenny could see out of
the corner of her eye he was taking some sort of tube out and smearing
the cream from it onto his massive cock " *Lubricating that
monster.. my
god, this is going to be fucking incredible ...* " she thought as
her
body literally quivered in anticipation.

He
started
to tease her swollen and damp sex with the tip of his cock causing her
to moan in deep lust. Suddenly and without warning he thrust deep into
her filling her with an incredible explosion of energy . Over the
next few minutes, he continued to ram piston like into her while at
the
same time caressing her firm ass and and fondling her firm breasts.

As
Jenny
felt like she would go blind from the multiple orgasms he was causing
her
to experience, she also felt a little odd as though her body was
stiffening
and was no longer responding to her thoughts.

" *God, this
feels incredible but..  can't move... can't talk... mmm... but this feels
so right... I'm so happy making Bill... Master.. happy..*" thought
Jenny
as her body slowly started to change form. Her smooth supple skin was
being
transformed into shiny latex and rubber with no sign of being human
whatsoever.
Her magnificent breasts, hanging down like ice cream cones, were
changed
into taut domes of plastic capped by nipples that stretched out an inch
or two like the rubber ends of pencils.

As Bill
withdrew
himself, the change began to complete itself. Jenny's mouth slowly
constricted
into a perfect O-shape with nothing but smooth supple rubber and
plastic
inside. Her pussy was now parted wide open with the pink walls of flesh
now lifeless blades of flesh colored plastic. Seemingly out of nowhere,
a plug grew out of the back of her neck clearly for the intent of
removing
or adding air.

What was a few
minutes
ago a living breathing woman now was an incredibly lifelike but
inanimate
love doll. The only indication of what it once was came with the slight
twist to the side of the head with the look of fear and lust still
visible
in its' eyes.

After a minute or two,
Bill
stood up, dressed in his robe and walked over in front of the doll . "You
see, Jenny, the assistant job I had in mind for you was as an always
willing fucktoy for the next 12 months. I even built in certain responses for
your
new state.. your pussy will grip anything inserted in it, your mouth
will
close sensuously around my cock and other things. The best thing is
that
you'll feel nothing but a desire to give pleasure to me on a constant
basis."
he said leaning forward to fondle her plastic tits.

" *Yesss.. squeeze my tits... caress
me... let me please you... fuck me.."* thought the doll as all
her
thinking now focused on nothing but for what she was made for... sex and
lots of it.

Bill then spent a
few
minutes cleaning the doll up before carrying it back to his master
bedroom
where he sat in on the floor for a second while he opened a recessed
locked
cabinet. " By the way, this will wear off after a year's time and you
will
return to human form with total amnesia as to what happened to you.
You'll
be told by me that you had a bad fall and your memory suffered as a
result.
For now, though, I'll be storing you away." he said picking up the doll
and laying her still inflated flat inside the cabinet.

"By the way, you
won't
be alone for long. I've placed an ad for more assistants needed today.
After all, I've got quite a few rooms to fill here. Don't worry, I'll
be
back soon." he said chuckling softly before sliding close the door.

" *Hurry.. use me again
soon... need you..* " thought the doll as it was enclosed by the
darkness
. Without Bill's touch or voice, it's thinking drifted also into
darkness
waiting for what it was made for... used as the best sex doll it could
be.
