---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/down_on_the_farm03.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Down on the Farm
authors:
- The Technician
tags:
- F/f
- bond
- rope
- outdoors
- public
- naked
- tribbing
- electro
- insert
- toys
- pain
- cons
- XX
date: 2021-05-20 00:00:00
---

Nicole arrived exactly on time at eight on Friday night... and she was already naked. Because she didn’t want to risk being late, she had left early, pulled into the small glen near the farm to strip off, and waited there until just before eight. She felt very vulnerable sitting naked in her car, but at the same time, it excited her. She really wanted to pleasure herself, but she was afraid that she would get too distracted and not leave for the barn in time.

So Nicole sat, naked, horny, and alone as the clock moved slowly toward eight o’clock. At five minutes to eight, she started her car and drove the rest of the way to the farm. Annabelle was waiting for her wearing her standard denim skirt and white blouse as Nicole pulled into the barnyard.

“Park in your normal spot,” Annabelle said, “and bring me that red and white straw Cowboy hat.

“Yes, Mistress Ann,” Nicole replied. After she parked the car behind the barn, she opened the trunk and selected the straw Stetson with the mixed pattern of red and white. She took a deep breath and then, holding the hat in front of her, walked back to where Annabelle was waiting.

“We will start with some white hat for both of us,” Annabelle said as she took the hat and walked into the barn. The regular lights of the barn were not on and Nicole thought at first that the straw was burning. Then she realized that there were six LED Flamelights arranged around a large blanket that had been laid out over the straw.

“I thought our first time of actually making love should be in a romantic setting,” Annabelle said softly as she unwrapped her skirt and pulled her blouse over her head. “And there is nothing more romantic than a barn.”

She smiled brightly at Nicole and said, “Care for a roll in the hay?”

“Uhh... yes,” Nicole answered. “But I’ve never...” Nicole went silent and looked down at the ground.

“Never made love to another woman except when you were being beaten?” Annabelle asked.

“Something like that,” Nicole answered, “I don’t know what to do.”

Annabelle laughed. “Your body knows,” she said, still laughing. Then she slowly pulled Nicole down onto the blanket.

Once they were laying side by side with Nicole tucked into Annabelle’s arms, Annabelle said, “I’m a lot taller than you, so mutual cunnilingus would be a little difficult.”

“Mutual what?” Nicole sputtered.

Annabelle laughed and said, “That’s the official word for doing a 69.”

“Oh,” Nicole said.

“But we could still do some mutual titty sucking,” Annabelle said. “I think you’d like that.”

She moved sideways and pulled Nicole’s left nipple into her mouth while at the same time dangling her right breast over Nicole’s face. Nicole took the hint and reached up with her lips to begin suckling on Annabelle’s beautiful breast.

Annabelle switched positions several times over the next twenty minutes so that she was able to fully explore both of Nicole’s teats and Nicole was able to reciprocate the pleasure. Finally, when Nicole was undulating beneath her, Annabelle turned so that she was laying directly over Nicole.

She moved down so that she could kiss Nicole passionately and said, “Remember that first night when I asked what you wanted for a safeword?”

Nicole nodded.

“That isn’t just for pain or kink,” Annabelle said, “if anything starts going past where you want to be, you just say ‘cityslicker’ and it all stops.” She then reached down and began softly massaging Nicole’s slit.

Nicole groaned loudly and began pushing up against Annabelle’s hand.

Annabelle said, “That’s my little naked cowgirl,” and moved so her thigh was between Nicole’s legs. She began moving herself up and down so that her thigh was rubbing Nicole’s cunt. At the same time, she was pressing her own cunt against Nicole’s thigh.

“You don’t have to hold yourself back, little cowgirl,” she said softly as she began moving slightly faster and pressed herself more forcefully between Nicole’s legs. Nicole’s undulations became greater and she unconsciously raised her knees so that her own thigh was pressing even harder against Annabelle’s cunt.

Soon Nicole let out a long, deep groan and went over the top but Annabelle didn’t stop. She kept sliding up and down, up and down, up and down. Nicole soon reached a second orgasm. Then, just as Nicole groaned and shook a third time, Annabelle, herself, groaned loudly and pressed herself hard into Nicole’s body. She held Nicole tightly as they both lay motionless.

After a long while, Nicole said softly, “That was nice.”

“Yes, it was, wasn’t it,” Annabelle replied. She then curled up around Nicole and held her close. They lay there talking for a couple hours until both drifted off to sleep.

\*\*\*

Sunlight streaming through the open barn door awakened Nicole. She sat up slowly on the blanket and looked around. Annabelle was standing in the doorway dressed in her denim skirt and white blouse.

“Good, you’re awake,” Annabelle said cheerily. “We can go up to the house and get some breakfast.” She paused and then asked, “Can you cook?”

“Yes,” Nicole answered, “I like to cook.”

“Excellent,” Annabelle replied as she walked out of the barn, “you can cook breakfast.”

Nicole stood just inside the barn door and said timidly, “But I’m naked.”

“And...” Annabelle responded.

“And it’s daylight,” Nicole answered. “People can see me.”

“We are way out in the country,” Annabelle said. “Nobody’s going to see you.” She smiled and said, “Besides, if you become my full time slave... and lover, you will have to get used to people seeing you naked.”

“I don’t know if I could do that,” Nicole said as she glanced around and stepped cautiously out of the barn.

“Hmmm,” Annabelle replied. “Maybe we can help you with that. Or maybe you will have to safe out. We will see.”

“Yeah,” Nicole said flatly, “we will see.”

The refrigerator in the kitchen was well stocked. Nicole made scrambled eggs, ham and toast. Afterwards, Annabelle helped her with the dishes.

They talked while they were working. When the dishes were almost all put away, Annabelle suddenly asked, “Do you know what’s unique about a boxelder bug?”

“No...” Nicole answered, looking very confused.

“You can’t kill them with insecticides,” Annabelle answered. “They have a special waxy coating on their bodies that protects them from contact poisons and keeps any liquid from getting in. You can spray a whole can of Raid on one of those little buggers and it will just swim away laughing at you.”

Nicole stared at her blankly.

“But do you know what will kill them?” Annabelle asked. She didn’t wait for Nicole to answer but continued, “... dishwashing detergent. You just spray them with soapy dishwater and they drown.”

“I don’t understand,” Nicole said. “Why is that important?”

“Some of the boxelders in this area have developed a taste for corn,” Annabelle said. “Most of them have been wiped out, but the last of them are in my fields. And today you are going to watch as we spray down the fields.”

She took Nicole by the hand and started leading her out of the farmhouse.

“Normally,” Annabelle continued, “you really don’t want to be standing nearby when we spray the fields. But today it will just be detergent and water.” She laughed and added, “... lots and lots and lots of water.”

“I still don’t understand,” Nicole said.

“You will,” Annabelle replied with a smile. “You will. Let’s walk out into the cornfield.”

“But I’m still naked!” Nicole yelped.

“How far can you see into a field of corn?” Annabelle replied as she picked up a large cloth shopping bag. “No one will see you... yet.”

“OK,” Nicole said as they walked out into the field next to the house.

When they got to the far edge of the field, Annabelle pointed to two large posts that looked like they had once held some sort of billboard sign. Now there were just two posts with two stout cross pieces going between them.

“That’s where you’re going to stand to watch everything,” Annabelle said, pointing up at the cross pieces that once held the sign.

“But I’ll be visible from up there,” Nicole whined.

“But nobody will notice you,” Annabelle said as she held up something from the bag. “Nobody notices a scarecrow in a field of corn.” She held up a Halloween scarecrow costume and said, “Shirt, jeans, and a burlap sack to cover your head.” She laughed and said, “Plus gloves, boots, and a couple surprises that aren’t part of the costume.”

“OK,” Nicole said, “what do I have to do?”

“Well,” Annabelle said slowly, “first you pick out a really good ear of corn and a really puny one.”

Nicole looked confused but she quickly searched around her and found what Annabelle had requested.

When she came back, Annabelle said, “This would be a lot easier up on the ledge, but if you cooperate fully, we can do it down here.”

“O... K...” Nicole replied as she looked around. Annabelle had gotten a step ladder from somewhere and there was now a large metal box sitting on the ground just below the sign posts.

“First we wire you up,” Annabelle said cheerfully and pulled a bundle of wires out of the bag. Each of the wires had a square electrode pad on the end of it. Annabelle had Nicole stand with her arms out straight and her feet widely spread and began attaching the pads all over Nicole’s body.

After working for several minutes, Annabelle patted Nicole on the ass and said, “Now you’re all wired up... almost.”

She stood in front of Nicole and held up two circular metal disks about two inches in diameter with wires dangling from them. They were shaped more or less like a section of a ball except they had a large bump in the middle.

“Care to guess where these go?” Annabelle said with a smile.

Nicole just shook her head.

Annabelle peeled something from the inside of the disk and carefully fitted it over Nicole’s left breast.

“You could almost think of this as a metal pasty,” Annabelle said cheerfully.

Soon Nicole’s right breast was also covered.

“Almost there,” Annabelle said as she stood in front of Nicole and began shucking the small ear of corn.

When all the kernels were exposed, Annabelle broke the ear free from the husk and held it up for Nicole to see.

“Perfect size,” she said as she stepped behind Nicole. “All it needs now is a little bit of lube.”

Nicole looked very confused, but then gasped loudly as something small with a rough knobbly surface was pushed into her ass. Her eyes were very wide as Annabelle stepped back in front of her and began shucking the large ear of corn.

Once the large ear was ready, Annabelle again stepped behind Nicole. This time she reached her arms around Nicole’s body and began massaging Nicole’s tummy and the front of her slit.

“I think you can provide the lube for this,” she said. Nicole just moaned softly in response.

After a few minutes, Nicole moaned even louder as a large knobbly object was slowly inserted in her cunt. She was too distracted to notice that Annabelle had dropped the ear of corn on the ground and was instead inserting a plastic corn-shaped dildo. She also hadn’t noticed that the small ear of corn in her ass had somehow grown a perfect T-shaped safety handle before it was inserted.

“Now something to keep those in place,” Annabelle said as she quickly wrapped a thin belt around Nicole’s waist and pulled a crotch strap tight between her legs.

Annabelle then held up the shirt to the scarecrow costume. It looked thin and paper-like and was slit open in the back like a hospital gown.

“Don’t worry,” Annabelle said in response to Nicole’s scared look. “There are five ties in the back to hold it completely closed.”

Nicole didn’t look too reassured and was even less so when Annabelle held up the pants. They, too, were paper thin and they, too, were open all the way down the legs with a series of ties in the back. The boots– not part of the scarecrow costume– were ordinary leather work boots. The leather gloves– also not part of the costume– were standard work gloves with an extended gauntlet to protect the wrist and forearm.

Once those were in place, Annabelle said firmly, “I think you’d better climb up on the ledge before we put the head cover on.”

She helped Nicole up the step ladder and made sure she was standing securely on the ledge with her arms gripping the upper crosspiece. Then she moved the stepladder and climbed up behind Nicole.

“Don’t want you to get any soap in your eyes,” Nicole said as she fitted a pair of bubble style safety goggles over Nicole’s eyes.

She inserted bluetooth earbuds in Nicole’s ears and said, “You will be able to hear me and I will be able to hear you... just in case you need to scream your safeword.”

That didn’t reassure Nicole at all. She kept looking around with fearful eyes as Annabelle began putting the headpiece in place.

The headpiece was made to look like a burlap sack. It even had something that looked like a straw hat on the top of it. Annabelle tied it behind Nicole’s head and then made sure that the eye holes lined up with Nicole’s eyes.

“Let’s make sure you can’t fall off of here,” Annabelle said as she used some rough rope to tie Nicole’s gloved wrists to the upper crosspiece of the sign. Then she stepped back to the ground and tied Nicole’s booted ankles to the lower crosspiece.

Nicole looked around nervously as Annabelle stood beneath her connecting all of the wires to something inside a protected metal box. Once everything was in place, Annabelle closed the box and made sure that the antenna on the top of the box was pointing straight up.

Annabelle stood in front of Nicole and said, “A lot of time on the farm is spent just waiting, so that is what you are going to do for a while. But to keep you occupied, your box buddy will be playing with you a little.” She smiled and touched the red and white straw hat. “Some of it will be pleasure... and some of it will be pain... which, I think, for you, is often the same thing.”

With that, Annabelle walked back toward the farmhouse leaving Nicole standing above the field of corn.

\*\*\*

The tingling started even before Annabelle was out of sight. At first it was almost not noticeable to Nicole, but soon it felt like she was receiving an all over body massage. When the ear of corn in her cunt began vibrating her eyes flew wide open and she gasped.

“How is that possible?” she said as the vibrations increased. When the small ear of corn in her ass joined in the vibrations she began calling out, “Oh God. Oh God. Oh God.” And when the silver cups on her breasts began stimulating her nipples she tilted back her head and screamed out in orgasm.

People in a passing car turned to look at the field but saw nothing unusual. The husband remarked to the wife, “Cows makes some really weird noises, don’t they?”

Nicole slowly regained control of herself. Then the electrical signals became sharp and strong. It almost felt like she was being poked with a sharp object every time one pulsed. Soon she was being poked all over her body.

Her eyes went wide and she began thrashing in her bonds as she realized where the pulses would hit next. “No... No!.. NO!” she screamed as the first pulses pierced her cunt. Her scream was even louder when the pulses struck in her ass.

She decided that there was nothing she could do about the poking pulses and tried to relax and accept them– or at least, endure them. When she did, something changed. They didn’t exactly become pleasurable, but they were no longer pain. They were just... very intense.

She didn’t know how long the pokey pulses lasted, but almost as soon as it switched back over to the gentle pulses she experienced a very powerful orgasm. As she was breathing heavily and enjoying the pleasant sensations of the soft signals, Annabelles voice spoke softly in her ears.

With the voice coming from both earbuds, it was almost as if Annabelle was speaking from inside Nicole’s head. “Having fun are we?” Annabelle asked.

Nicole just answered with a soft moan.

“I really do expect an answer to my question, my not-quite-naked little cowgirl,” Annabelle said firmly. “Are you having fun?”

“I’m not sure,” Nicole said and then moaned as the pleasure cycle took her closer to the edge.

“We can talk about it later,” Annabelle replied, “after you’ve had your shower.”

Nicole didn’t answer. She couldn’t because she was once again in the throes of an orgasm. It wasn’t an extremely powerful orgasm, but it was very enjoyable.

Nicole lost all track of time as the electrical device continued to cycle between pleasure and pain. Sometimes it would repeat the pleasure cycle, sometimes it would repeat the pain cycle. Once it repeated the pain cycle three times and near the end of the third cycle Nicole found herself orgasming from just the intense sensations that most people would have called pain.

Then Nicole heard the roar of an airplane flying low... very low. A small yellow airplane with stubby wings was flying directly over the edges of the field. Suddenly it turned on a row of sprayers located under its wings. Nicole gasped as the liquid drenched her and the smell of detergent filled the air.

The little yellow plane spiraled back up into the air and returned to again spray the edges of the field. He seemed to be concentrating on the fence rows and gullies where there was no crop planted. After several more low passes, he flew away.

Nicole groaned out a loud “Eeeww” as the detergent began to soak through the thin costume. Then she heard what sounded like a tractor and saw what looked almost like another airplane moving slowing over the field just above the tops of the corn. As it drew closer, Nicole could see that it was actually a strangely shaped tractor with wheels that held it above the crop. It was also spraying something that smelled heavily of detergent.

As the sprayer approached, Annabelle’s voice suddenly spoke again in Nicole’s head. “Are we having fun yet?” she asked in a cheery voice. Anything that Nicole might have responded was literally drowned out by the spray as the machine passed the scarecrow at the edge of the field.

Nicole sputtered as the liquid seeped inside the paper head covering. She shook her head to clear her vision just in time to see Annabelle waving to her from the cab of the sprayer. “This is Frank,” Annabelle said, pointing to the driver. “He’s my farm manager... among other things.”

“Great,” Nicole intended to say under her breath, but she forgot about the earbud communicators.

“Yes, it is great, isn’t it?” Annabelle replied. Then she said, “But it looks like your costume isn’t doing great. In fact, it appears to be dissolving.”

“What?!” Nicole almost screamed as she tried desperately to look down at her disintegrating clothing.

“This is mainly the detergent,” Annabelle explained as the sprayer began a new area of the field. “The walking wheel will provide the water to drown out these pests.”

“What’s a walking wheel?” Nicole asked nervously and Annabelle quickly replied, “Oh, you will find out. You will definitely find out.”

It took the sprayer five more times up and down the field to thoroughly wet the corn with the detergent. Shortly after it left the field, Nicole heard a big motor start up somewhere nearby. Then she heard the sound of heavy rain... but it wasn’t raining.

Instead, a large sprinkler system was starting to move around the field in a large circle. There were huge pipes held up by strange looking metal wheels that moved very slowly. The artificial rain approached and soon Nicole was totally drenched– and totally naked. Her costume had completely dissolved and slid from her soapy body.

“Annabelle!” she screamed. “I’m naked.”

“Maybe this will help you forget that,” Nicole said quietly as the vibrators and TENS system began a pleasure cycle.

“Just think of your nakedness as one more sensation,” Annabelle said softly. “Let the sensation of being naked in public add to everything else you are feeling.”

“I’m naked,” Nicole whined.

“You are my beautiful little naked cowgirl, Nicole,” Annabelle said sweetly. “Just enjoy your own naked beauty.”

Nicole didn’t answer. She wasn’t able to because she was once more groaning in orgasm. The pleasure cycle repeated and Nicole orgasmed again... and again... and again. Soon it didn’t matter to Nicole that she was a naked scarecrow at the back of Annabelle’s cornfield. All that mattered was that she was receiving as many orgasms as she could possibly desire.

Nicole was only vaguely aware of Annabelle untying her and helping her down the ladder. “Let’s get you back to the house,” Annabelle said softly. “You can soak in the tub while I grill us some steaks for supper. Then after supper we can cuddle on the couch, watch sappy movies, and drink margaritas.”

“Sounds good to me,” Nicole mumbled as Annabelle led her back to the farmhouse.
