---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/jenkas_kidnapping2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Jenka's Kidnapping 2
authors:
- Sabina
tags:
- M+/ff
- F/f
- bond
- toys
- sci-fi
- fur
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Jenka's Kidnapping**](jenkas_kidnapping.html))_

_**Part 2**_

_Jenka stumbled slightly, it was
not easy negotiating steps while blindfolded. Her ears perked hearing the
muffled squeals of a familiar voice. Someone was playing with her slave, and
none to gently from the sound of it. A sharp swish CRACK, a padding no doubt.
Jenka tensed slightly, no one punished her slave but her._

_Sabina squealed into the thick
cock gag. The tiny t shirt was pushed up behind her head. Legs spread wide and
chained to the floor. The satin panties were soaked with arousal as the huge
minotaur brought the leather covered paddle down against her little ass for the
tenth time. Mewing out and sobbing, her little ass burned with an intense fiery
ache. Eyes widening as Jenka was led inside by their captors. She looked
unbearably sexy, those huge firm breasts, made impossibly bigger by the bondage
of her arms. The subtle tension on her body, Sabina screamed out. Her staring
interrupted by another paddle swat. Mewing and squirming as the minotaur held
her hair twined around his fingers. Dropping the paddle on the floor._

_"Looks like the party has
arrived." With a chuckle he shredded Sabina's panties and knelt down. Thick
long tongue caressing along her inner thigh as Sabina mewed and moaned into the
gag. Eyes locked on her Mistress as Marcus approached her. William behind Mark
in front, as the blindfold came away. Jenka's eyes widening then narrowed
slightly. Trembling and growling behind the gag. Her muzzle curled slightly
around the gag. William cupped her breasts from behind and whispered._

_"Naughty slave... don't make
us punish you already." The sharp pinch of his fingers sent a shudder
through Jenka. As Mark unzipped her shorts. Without hesitation his huge hand
slid inside, cupping Jenka's pussy. Thick fingers parted her labia slightly, a
single finger teasing along the soft sensitive flesh. Jenka's eyes closed her
head arching back. Damn it his touch felt good. Soft growls of defiance melted
into a loud gag muffled moan of arousal. As her eyes opened again they fell on
Sabina, trembling and grinding frantically against the tongue of some biker
minotaur_

_Sabina screamed out and came
hard. Almost immediately her panties were pulled back into place. The big
minotaur gently patted them, rubbing teasingly. Enjoying the gag muffled mews
and whimpers that escaped Sabina's mouth. Jenka arched her head back and gasps
as two thick fingers slid into her. The rough calloused fingers were easily as
big as most men's cocks. Grinding against the hand in helpless response to the
teasing. Groaning as William buckled the blindfold back into place "As
promised, you are back with your little slut Jenka. And now you both are our
little sluts."_

_Jenka was turned, her body tensed
resisting as she was forced over a low padded horse. Shorts yanked down roughly,
a fist twined in her hair. Sabina whimpered watching as the prepared her
Mistress for the first, of many, fuckings. Mark knelt down, locking Jenka's
ankles wide apart and grinning at William "I bet I can fuck this one longer
without letting her come?"_

_"You, my friend, are
on" William chuckled stepping behind Jenka. Jenka's teeth bit down on the
gag, determined not to let herself fall into this. They could fuck her, but she
would not enjoy it._

_William rubbed the head of his
cock along her slit, teasing her. Letting Jenka feel just how big he was. Slowly
sliding inside, inch by inch. Jenka moaned her blindfolded gagged head arching
back, trembling and tensing sharply. Maybe it felt a little good. Muscled legs
tensed against the ankle cuffs, bound arms tensed._

_Sabina's legs were uncuffed from
the floor. And she was lifted onto a movable table. A cross between an ob/gyn's
table and something from the Inquisition. A broad leather strap cinched her
narrow waist down to the table, another around her collar. Legs lifted into the
stirrups and strapped down tightly at knee and ankle._

_Jenka groaned into the gag, she
felt like she was melting around the huge cock. His pace was agonizingly slow
and controlled. William gritted his teeth, struggling to control the pace, to
not give in to the intense desire to just rut this slave like an animal. Soft
growls erupted from his throat as the table was wheeled over._

_Sabina's little pussy was just at
the same height as Jenka's muzzle. Chuckling the minotaur buckled a thick
leather collar around Jenka's throat, and put matching thigh cuffs on Sabina.
Sabina's eyes widened as she saw what they intended to do. Mistress's gagged
mouth was pressed firmly against her soaked little slit, the clit bell resting
on Jenka's nose. Soft moans spilled free as Sabina was blindfolded, and Jenka's
gag was carefully removed._

_"Jenka... you may do with
your slave as you choose." Mark chuckled, Jenka took a moment to gasp out
as the thick cock thrust deep inside her again. Sabina's squeals out as her
nipples were clamped, the head rest of the table was lowered. Putting her soft
mouth in perfect blow job position._

_Snap locks locked the sides of
Jenka's collar to Sabina's thigh cuffs, holding her head in place. The jaguar
growled softly and nipped her slave's clit. Enough to draw a soft squeal from
Sabina. As her soft red lips parted in a squeak of pain as thick cock was thrust
deep into her mouth._

_Mark grinned stepping off to the
side as the first biker slide his cock into Sabina's throat. William's eyes were
closed, whispering something softly to himself as he struggled to remain calm.
Sabina's little body glistened with sweat as Jenka begin biting and teasing her
little slit. The chains from her nipple clamps held in the minotaur's hand. He
used them like reins to direct Sabina's cock sucking, tugging sharply now and
again on one or the other. Jenka's muscled frame tensed and struggled slowly,
venting her frustration and growing arousal on the helpless slave girl.
Clenching tight around the huge cock and moaning loudly. Nipping Sabina sharply,
then licking her, Jenka had no intention of letting the little slut come anytime
soon._

_It took nearly and hour for
William to finally break down and thrust faster into Jenka, Sabina had changed
partners 3 times already. Jenka screamed out and came explosively as William
did, Mark chuckled and clapped softly "75 minutes... not bad.. my
turn."_

_Jenka moaned softly as the cock
slid free, only to be instantly replaced by Mark. He was a little thicker than
even William, drawing a gasp from Jenka as he slid inside. His huge hand wrapped
around underneath rough fingertip rubbing her clit. "Ready for more Jenka
hmmm?" he chuckled._

_"I am going to...OHHHHH"
Jenka's threat trailed off as he thrust forward, her head arching back._

_Another minotaur came in Sabina's
mouth, groaning as she swallowed and pulling harshly on the reins. she squealed
and struggled sobbing out at the intense ache as his cock was replaced with
another. Come spattered her face and breasts, she was quickly losing count of
how many had used her mouth. A ragged sob of frustration ripped free as Jenka's
tongue thrust inside her again. How many times now had Mistress licked her to
the screaming edge of an orgasm only to back off, 10, 15? It was impossible to
remember. Jenka knew Sabina's reactions to the second, and always knew when to
lick, bite, or do nothing at all._

_Jenka came again after nearly 90
minutes of fucking, Sabina had no idea how many had used her mouth by then. All
she knew was Mistress had not let her come, not even close. Simply making the
unbearable need inside worse and worse. As most of the minotaurs chuckled and
left to get some beers Jenka and Sabina were released from the horse and table
and taken to get cleaned up. Thrust roughly into a hot tub, chains locked to the
front of the collar to the edge of the tub. Still bound and blindfolded._

_"You two take a little soak
and relax, we will be back a little later for some more fun..." William
chuckled and walked off, closing the heavy door and locking it from the outside,
as if there was any hope of escape already._

_Sabina mewed, squirming towards
Jenka tail exploring the water until she found her Mistress. "Please
Mistress don't be cross with me... they just grabbed me." Slipping into
Jenka's lap and nuzzling her blindly. Jenka chuckled softly and sighed, her
muscles seemed to be melting under the heat and relaxing motion of the water.
Sabina's soft smooth flesh rubbed against her, breasts brushing against Sabina's._

_With a soft sigh she grinned
crookedly though neither of them could see. "I am not mad at you slave...
and while this is not, completely, unpleasant, we need to figure a way out of
this." Jenka tensed slightly and squirmed a little, it was useless. The
gear these bastards had was top notch, no one could get out of it without help.
"What were you doing out wandering anyway?"_

_"i was not wandering
Mistress, i was going to visit Dynotaku..." Sabina whispers softly kissing
Jenka. Jenka purred and arched slightly under the water. Well at least if she
was trapped she might as well enjoy it._

_"Hmmm... maybe that will
help us after all." Jenka moaned softly and returned the kiss demandingly.
"Over the edge of the tub slave... I want to hear you squeal for me
now."_

_Sabina moaned and squirmed, laid
face down over the edge of the tub as Jenka finally had mercy on her. Jenka's
thick skilled tongue plunged into her little slave, drawing squeals of pleasure
and arousal. Sabina arched, grinding her slim hips helplessly shuddering and
purrrrring loudly. So close, so close and then tensing sharply with a strangled
scream of pleasure. Mewing raggedly and coming again and again._

_"Well well, looks like these
two are ready to go again." A voice spoke out suddenly, Jenka and Sabina
had been too focused to hear anyone come in. Bodies splashed into the hot tub
around them pulling them apart roughly. Jenka moaned as she was lifted and
pulled down onto a cock. A fist in her hair pulled back sharply as a ring gag
was forced into her mouth. "No sense taking chances, this one looks
feisty" A different voice growled. Sabina squealed from the other side of
the tub as a greased cock slide into her ass, pressed between two minotaur, her
head barely above water as they knelt on the floor of the tub. Squirming and
screaming out as another cock slid into her from the front. Purrrrring out and
shaking softly, convulsing helplessly and mewing raggedly. Shaking and clenching
around the cocks TIGHTLY._

_Jenka growled and moaned as the
cock was forced into her throat. It took long moments of choking before she
could relax and swallow it as easily as Sabina did. William watched from the
doorway chuckling as his captives where double fucked, again and again in the
tub of steaming bubbling water._

_[continued in part three](jenkas_kidnapping3.html)

02.08.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!

story continues in [**Jenka's Kidnapping 3**](jenkas_kidnapping3.html)

o0o
