---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Lydia and Me 3
authors:
- Pleasewrap
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- wrap
- mum
- cocoon
- tape
- gag
- bfold
- toys
- insert
- tease
- denial
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2005-02-01 00:00:00
---

story continues from [part two](lydia_and_me2.html)

**Chapter Three - Cleaning Up**

“Those berries were great. Could I have some more?”

I looked up from the paper and grinned. “They’re right next to you.
Help yourself.”

Lydia glared at me with only somewhat feigned annoyance. She obligingly
struggled in the wrap that I’d put around her and said, “I’m supposed to
just drop my face in them and dig in?”

I laughed as I put down the sports section and sighed as though exasperated.
I crawled across the bed to where she sat, in a sort of straightjacket
made out of plastic wrap. When I’d woken her up, I’d let her use the facilities,
but left no doubt that I was in charge now and there would be no breakfast
until I was satisfied that she’d been accounted for properly. She smiled
coyly and said, “Whatever could you have in mind?”

When she’d returned, I’d wrapped her arms and torso individually with
the wrap, then had her hold her arms in front of her like the stereotypical
Indian chief in a bad western, one on top of the other with hands touching
elbows. I’d wrapped them together like that, passing the roll between her
arms and body a number of times. She’d pouted almost comically and said,
“I might have a use for those, you know.”

I’d grinned back as I finished wrapping them together and said, “I brought
breakfast, but it’ll be hard for you to eat it with that gag you used on
me in your mouth.”

She’d pouted some more, but couldn’t keep it up long and a smile slowly
spread across her face. I pulled her arms down so that they touched her
stomach and framed her breasts, then begun to pass the wrap around her
body when I realized I’d forgotten something. A quick trip to the bathroom
and I found cotton balls that I’d bought ages ago and had forgotten about,
which would go perfectly over her nipples for future use. My tools in hand,
I’d returned.

She’d turned so that her back was to the door and was peeking out a
little slit at the side of the blinds when I returned. I coughed and tried
to look stern as she turned around. She got the pout out again and said,
“I just couldn’t wait to look around. I’ve only seen this place in the
dark.”

I made the universal “tsk-tsk” noise as I’d steered her back towards
the bed. Then I’d thrown two wraps over her stomach and arms and started
wrapping upwards. When I reached her breasts, I put a cotton ball over
each nipple, pausing to toy with each which made her squeal and squirm
invitingly. I pretended to ignore it, though it had to be pretty obvious
I was getting turned on myself since I just had my T-shirt and underpants
on at the moment.

I continued wrapping until I’d reached her shoulders, then unrolled
some of the wrap and placed the roll on the bed. She looked at me a bit
apprehensively as I did, and struggled a bit as I picked up her vibrator
from the side of the bed. As I walked back, she pouted but spread her legs
without waiting for me to ask. I smiled as I got down on one knee and inserted
the toy where it would do some good, the cord dangling but not heavy enough
to pull out the bullet.

She started to put her legs back together, but I stopped her before
I stood up and retrieved the plastic wrap. I twisted the roll slightly
so that I could bring it over her shoulder and down between her legs. “Isn’t
that going to get in the way later?” she asked. I didn’t answer, instead
pulling the wrap tightly up over her ass and back up over the other shoulder,
then back down again. I repeated that process two more times so that four
layers trapped the bullet inside until I decided to remove it.

“You’re not being very friendly, you know” Lydia said as I finished
and tore off the wrap, my arms circling around to her front as I rubbed
against her, leaving no doubt that I was enjoying the proceedings in her
mind. She swayed against me slightly, but I pulled away and headed for
the ball. As I turned back towards her, I held it up and said, “You were
warned.”

I unrolled a sheet large enough to go almost around her head and stuffed
put the ball in the middle of that. I wrapped it like a candy and looked
around until I found the half roll of wrap that Lydia had used last night.
It was on my night stand, which reminded me of the sleep mask I’d bought
when one of my projects had put me on many planes and working many late
hours. I put the mask over her eyes and stuffed the ball into her mouth,
smothering her “But I’ll be good…” before she could finish it. The laughter
in her voice made it obvious that she would neither be good, nor did she
care if I gagged her. I left the “tails” of the gag out of her mouth so
that the plastic would catch them and keep the gag from slipping back.
Then I used the half roll to wrap her head leaving only her nose exposed,
even wrapping from under her chin around and over her head to limit her
ability to open her mouth at all.

Then I went back to my work. I didn’t think that she was secure enough
about the body yet, particularly when she started sweating and the wrap
got a little slippery. So I started at her shoulders, anchoring the wrap
and then unrolling enough to go around her upper body and then pulling
as tightly as the plastic would bear before actually wrapping it around
her. She fidgeted a bit and I continued the process all the way down to
those wonderful hips, then back up to her shoulders.

She moaned as I reached her shoulders and finished the job. I pushed
her legs together and used the half roll to secure her ankles with four
tight wraps around them. Then I did the same just above her knees with
six or seven turns. While I wanted her bound, I knew she had to be hungry
and I only wanted her secure for some vengeful play until I was ready to
feed her.

Then I picked up the duct tape and threw two turns around her ankles
and thighs over the wrap, followed by two turns directly over her arms
as they drew a line below her breasts. Her cleavage caught my eye, enhanced
by the pressure her upper arms applied to them. I put down the duct tape
and began rubbing my hands over her very gently, squeezing strategic points
and eliciting groans and squirming in all the right places. I pinched her
nipples as best I could through the wrap and the cotton balls, which seemed
to be firmly enough since she groaned and tossed her head.

She was still standing when I connected the control for the vibrator
to the cord that protruded from between her legs and waited with it in
my hand. She stood still for a moment, waiting for my next touch. When
it didn’t come she said something the gag made incomprehensible and started
pulling against the bonds with her arms and upper body. I left her to it
for a moment, then turned on the vibrator and returned to caressing her,
paying particular attention to the skin still exposed on her legs. She
groaned, quite loudly with the gag in, and struggled harder.

I continued this for a while, then I stopped touching her and went around
behind her, vibrator is still going. I reached for the control, which I’d
dropped on the bed, and shut off the vibrator. She groaned again and shook
her head then moved it around as though looking for me. When I touched
her butt, she almost jumped and I threw my other arm around her to make
sure she didn’t fall. She swayed in my grasp, but didn’t need any more
assistance and rapidly pushed her rear against my erection. I let her get
away with it for the moment, reaching around to massage her breasts through
her bonds. She ground a bit harder as I did and again attempted to speak.

I backed away from her, eliciting more struggling, and moved back around
to her front. With my left hand I massaged her right breast while my right
drifted to her nether regions, pushing fairly hard to be felt through the
layers of wrap down there. As she twisted her head, I bent and kissed her
gently on her neck, licking slightly as I moved to the other side and repeated
the kiss.

Then I raised my head and put my mouth by her ear. She was breathing
fairly heavily now, and I wanted to make sure she could hear me. “Your
letter never arrived. Maybe I’d moved before you sent it, in which case
you were in Australia for at least four months before writing and that’s
far too much time. Maybe it got lost in the mail, in which case you should
have sent more than one copy. Or maybe the postman just decided he didn’t
like me. Regardless, a woman of your obvious investigative powers should
have found a way to find me.”

She leaned her head back and struggled as I continued my attentions,
and I started to get worried that she might fall. So I removed my hands
and steered her towards the bed, not wanting the disorientation that a
blindfold, plastic wrap, and erotic tension can bring to result in a fall.
She sagged back in the bed almost gratefully, only to squeal a bit when
I realized she was on the vibrator remote and “accidentally” turned it
on as I retrieved it.

I looked around as she squirmed on the bed, one hand idly tracing circles
from one breast to another. Then I spotted the scissors she must have brought
with her, since I didn’t own any of the medical types that have a blunt
bottom blade. I retrieved them and pinched the wrap over her nipple using
the cotton ball as both a point of compression and a means to pull the
wrap away from her skin. I snipped a hole there and removed the cotton
ball, then repeated the process on her other breast.

The Lydia I’d known had always had amazingly sensitive nipples. So much
so that I’d brought her to climax numerous times without approaching actual
intercourse. With the vibrator and the wrappings, I knew she’d be well
on her way. The sharp intake of breath and groan as I freed them said that
this hadn’t changed. She moaned plaintively, knowing what I must have in
mind and wanting me to hurry it along.

I grinned, not that she could see it with the blindfold on, and shifted
my position so to make it easier to reach my targets. She twisted towards
me, but couldn’t get very far in her present condition and I gently pushed
her down. She was mine to toy with as I saw fit and I knew she was loving
every moment of it. I let her stew for a minute, even switching off the
vibrator briefly just for the reaction it would bring.

I turned the intruder back on, and lay atop her slightly. My lips found
her left nipple and began sucking, my tongue making small circles on occasion
and my teeth nibbling at her ever so slightly. She moaned louder and I
was glad that we were no longer in shared housing with walls that were
far too thin. I kept this up for a minute, then brought my left hand over
and began massaging her clitoris as best as her prison allowed.

She groaned and said something that I thought was “Yes, please!” I smiled
as I continued my attention to her left breast and brought my right hand
up to her other nipple.

She kicked her legs slightly at the contact and nodded as she took deep
breaths loudly through her nose. She would have been panting if her mouth
hadn’t been stuffed full of sponge. I tweaked and toyed, nibbled and rubbed,
licked and pinched, knowing that I had her exactly where I wanted her.
Predictably, she screamed into her gag, shuddered under me, and seemed
to collapse back into the bed.

I smiled as I pushed myself up and turned off the vibrator. I straddled
her with the scissors in my hand and carefully started to cut the plastic
where her jaw met her neck. I pulled the “mask” over her head and dropped
it on the floor, the gag coming with it. For the moment, I left the blindfold
in place as I leaned over and kissed her gently. She returned it heartily.
I sat back up and she said quietly, “I figured the letter never made it
somehow, but it never came back so there was no way to know.”

She sounded both satisfied and sad at the same time and I bent over
to kiss her again. A tear rolled out from under the blindfold and I removed
it. There was such emotion in her eyes it was hard to comprehend. It seemed
to convey both misery and relief, fear and satisfaction, despair and hope
at the same time.

“I tried to find you through the alumni association once, but you hadn’t
given them an updated address either. I just didn’t know if you had walked
away from your old life to start fresh somewhere else. All I knew is that
you’d moved and I had no way to contact you. You’d even…”

I stopped her with a long kiss and then rolled off of her. With her
arms where they were, it was a strain to reach her lips and when I did
it had to put some uncomfortable pressure on her stomach. She was still
crying, though it seemed not as hard and she looked at me as though asking
for forgiveness.

“So you got on a plane to come here and scare the hell out of me before
screwing me?” I said it softly and with a slight smile on my face, leaving
no doubt that the words weren’t backed by any of the anger that they might
imply. She laughed a little and grinned sheepishly.

“I couldn’t be happier that you did. Hungry?”

I’d left her wrapped up as I fed her, and we talked as we ate. I glanced
at the chocolate sauce occasionally, realizing now that I’d brought it
and never used it. But while many attractive ideas came to mind, I decided
that there would be plenty of time for that later. We discussed work, our
travels, and some select details of the relationships we’d had while apart.
Occasionally, I’d let my hands stray across her exposed nipples, and she
seemed to alternatively growl and beg for more.

I’d left briefly to get the paper since one of my neighbors seemed to
like stealing it, and when I returned she’d looked at me coquettishly and
asked “You ever planning on letting me go?”

I’d smiled and turned on the television so she wouldn’t be too bored
as I scanned the paper. As I started reading the business section, I said
“Maybe. You’ll just have to wait and see.”

So when the berry question came up about twenty minutes later, I figured
I might as well move things along. I grabbed a strawberry and fed it to
her, then asked “Still nice and comfy?”

She smiled, picking up on the mischievous tone in my voice and said,
“I’m getting a bit warm, but don’t seem to be getting any freer.”

“Good,” I said, then I got up and walked out of the room. She called
after me, “Ray? Where are you going?” but I ignored her and headed to the
bathroom.

I returned to the bedroom about ten minutes later, and Lydia was struggling
in the plastic and tape. She looked at me with a bit of annoyance and said,
“You might have turned on the vibrator, at least.”

I laughed as I picked up the control and scissors and put them on her
stomach. “Do I need to gag you again?” I said as I bent to kiss her, then
slip my arms under her. I picked her up and she giggled.

“I suppose that depends on what’s next,” she said, kissing my chest
which was now bare, the T-shirt left behind in the bathroom.

I paused and kissed her before turning sideways to go through the door
and head to the bathroom. I carried her in and carefully positioned her
so that she sat on the edge of the tub, her feet in the bubble bath that
I’d drawn. She looked up at me as I guided her into the warm water, then
climbed in after her.

“Why it’s time to clean up, my dear,” I said as I leaned against her
and kissed her deeply. “And time for the master to receive his pleasure…”
