---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/transformation/storiessz/uncle_petes_box.html
subcategory: Buried & Sinking
title: Uncle Pete's Box
authors:
- Grimbo
tags:
- M2f
- box
- magic
- transform
- FF
- MF
- oral
- cons
- X
date: 2008-06-06 00:00:00
---

I hadn't heard from Uncle Pete in almost two years. Mom was the one to
bring the bad news to me. Uncle Pete had died while driving home from
work. A tractor trailer truck driver had fallen asleep while driving
and he ran over Uncle Pete's car on the highway. Not the way he wanted
to go, but a least the end came quickly.

We went to Uncle Pete's funeral two days later. I wish I could say
that I missed him, but since I went off to college, we had grown apart.
The last time I had spoken with Uncle Pete, I was a sophomore at State
College and he was going to go on "the adventure of a lifetime." We had
talked about life and how my schooling was going. The next day, my
family gathered in Uncle Pete's lawyers office for the reading of the
will. Uncle Pete's property was to be sold and all the money split
equally between his brothers, sisters, and me. The only item to not be
sold was an old box which was to be delivered to me. Everyone seemed
happy over the will and dismissed the box as a sign of Pete's failing
mental capacity. I gave the lawyers my address as he handed me the
check for my share of the loot, $5,000.

The box arrived at my apartment the next day. It was more of a trunk
than a box. Three feet long, two feet wide and two feet deep. The
main material of the box seemed to be a worn brown leather wrapped over
stiff cardboard. It had two darker leather straps that went from the
front of the box, under the bottom, over the top, and back to the
front. The ends of the strap where joined by a worn brass clasp. Here
was the one object Uncle Pete said in his will that he cherished more
than life itself. I wanted to open it immediately, but I had my final
exams coming up and three term papers due. So the box sat at the base
of my bed for three weeks.

Graduation came and I had no plans for any trips since my friends all
had jobs and needed to start work immediately. We would all go to the
beach in the fall, since this was when they would've earned enough
vacation time from their new jobs. Hopefully, I would have a job by
then and I would be able to join them. But, until I was able to get a
job, I would be able to deal with Uncle Pete's box.

My mind started to race about what I would find when I opened the box.
A stash of one hundred dollar bills. Maybe the deed to a mansion
nobody knew he owned. The addresses of women willing to do anything
you asked. The possibilities were endless. The brass clasps came off
easily. With my hands gripping each end of the hinged top, I slowly
opened the lid. As the light from my room entered the box, the
disappointment hit me like a runaway truck. The box was empty except
for a small envelope at the bottom and inside the envelope, a letter
addressed to me.

I read the letter and was flabbergasted. According to Uncle Pete, the
box was magical. He had bought it at an auction in Mass. from an
antique shop. Every attempt to locate the shop after the auction had
failed. The only thing the owner had told him was to place a person's
picture in the box and one of my hairs, wait an hour, and then wear
what appeared. That person's thoughts would be open to you.
Interesting, I thought. Nothing like a little mind reading to brighten
your day. I continued to read the letter. It explained how he had
placed a picture of me in the box and after an hour, he put on the
clothes he found in the box. The next line stunned me. He mentioned
of my cross-dressing and fantasies of being a women, things I had never
told anyone. He mentioned that he had access to my memories, but he
couldn't read my mind. He mentioned my wish to be able to wear the
same clothes as my best female friend from school and that when I
received this box, I should put her picture in it. I wondered if it
was all just a joke. I knew that there was only one way to find out.
Try it.

I pulled out my photo album and turned to the pages from when I was my
high school's yearbook photographer. Regina Spencer had been the most
beautiful girl in the school, and my best friend. She was the head
cheerleader, homecoming queen, and a model to boot. I had fantasied
many times about becoming her. She was the symbol of sexy in the
school. 5' 4", light blond hair, 36C-24-34, firm round ass, tight legs
from all the workouts she did. She was a very good friend, but we
never dated. She told me once that she would have dated me, but we had
become friends, and she didn't want to take a chance on losing me as a
friend. I was OK with this since she introduced me to many of the
other cheerleaders, which allowed me a chance to date them. Her senior
year homecoming picture was the one I picked.

Following the instructions in the letter, I place the picture in the
box along with a piece of my hair. Closing the lid and buckling the
straps was the next step. Now all I had to do was wait for one hour
and one of my life long dreams would be coming true. That hour was the
longest one of my life. I kept wondering if the box would start
rattling or bouncing around my room. But nothing of the sort happened,
it just sat there. So, I turned on the TV to wait it out.

Finally, the time had passed. I kneeled next to the box and slowly
undid the buckles and removed the straps. Leaning away from the box, I
opened the top. No explosions, fireworks, or anything so I looked into
the box. What was there surprised me. It was the outfit Regina had
been wearing in the picture. I pulled each item out one at a time and
laid them on my bed. It was all there. Her brown sweater, the white
blouse with a collar, the knee length red, blue, and black plaid skirt,
the matching plaid jacket, a white bra, tan Sheer Energy pantyhose, and
the burgundy 3" high heels with ankle straps. I checked the sizes on
the clothes and realized that they wouldn't fit me. But I decided to
try them on anyway. I quickly stripped completely and then reached for
the pantyhose. Sitting down, I gently rolled the left leg of the
pantyhose up then slid my foot into it. A tingling sensation
surrounded my foot as I pulled the pantyhose over it. The feeling
continued up my leg as the pantyhose encased it. Once I had pulled the
pantyhose up to my knee, I stopped and started to gather the right leg
of the pantyhose. Looking at my left leg, I stopped. Below my knee
was the calf and foot of Regina as I remembered them. At the end of my
leg was a size 6 1/2 foot with red painted nails. I couldn't believe
my eyes.

Reaching down, I slid my hands down the pantyhose covered
part of my left leg. I could feel my hand pressing the silkiness of
the pantyhose against my leg. I wiggled my toes and couldn't believe
it. I reached up to the knee and pulled the pantyhose off my left leg
and then looked at my foot. It hadn't changed. The nails were still
red and the size was still 6 1/2. Next to my size 11 right foot, it
didn't look right. I pulled the pantyhose back up my left leg to the
knee again. The tingle wasn't present this time. I figured that the
tingle was associated with the change. Now back to the right leg. I
pulled the pantyhose over my right foot and it started to tingle. I
continued up the calf to the knee. I stood and began pulling the
pantyhose up each thigh with the tingle following as the pantyhose
covered my legs. Balance was a little tricky since these legs weren't
used to my upper body. I finally pulled the pantyhose over my crotch
and waist. When the tingle hit my crotch, I was hit with the most
powerful orgasm I have ever had.

"Great," I thought., "Now I'll have
to clean up." But to my surprise, the crotch of the pantyhose were dry.
And my dick was gone. in it's place was a blonde triangle of pubic
hair. I reached under the pantyhose and moved my hand down. My
fingers found the lips of my vagina then slowly slid in. Moisture
began to form in my vagina and my back arched a little. The feeling
was like nothing I have ever felt before in my life. Reluctantly, I
removed my fingers and then licked them clean. I was half way towards
becoming Regina.

The bra would be next. I put the bra on backwards to make attaching
the clasp easier. Rotating the bra around, I slid my arms through the
bra straps. My chest began to tingle as soon as both straps were on my
shoulders. I looked down and saw the C cups filled to perfection by
two breasts. I was eager to finish the transformation. I grabbed the
blouse and pulled my arms into the long sleeves. My arms and hand were
tingling as I buttoned the front up. When the last button was done, my
entire torso tingled. Waiting for the feeling to subside, I decided to
put on the skirt next. I stepped into it and pulled to over my legs.
The tingle didn't occur but the lining of the skirt rubbing my nylon
encased legs was wonderful. I grabbed the sweater next. As I pulled
it over my head, the tingle surrounded my head and I knew the
transformation was complete. Once I had the sweater in place, I was
tempted to check the mirror. I decided to wait until I got the shoes
on to see the full effect. After sliding my feet into the shoes and
fixing the strap around my ankles, I slowly stood up, expecting to have
troubles walking. But the body knew how to walk in them. I just
walked normally and had no troubles balancing. I put on the jacket and
was ready for my first viewing.

The mirror reflected a vision of beauty. Regina's body under my
control. I ran my hands all over my new body watching the image repeat
my every action. I pulled up the skirt and adored the firm legs.
Turning sideways, I studied the curves my new ass made. I ran my hand
all over my pantyhose encased ass and moved towards my vagina. Rubbing
slowly at first, I began to masturbate through the pantyhose. As the
fever of my masturbating rose, I moved to the bed and laid down on it.
Flipping the skirt up, I thrust my hand down my pantyhose and into my
moist vagina. Stroking furiously, the feelings of pleasure increased.
I unconsciously began to arch my back as the orgasm whacked my entire
body. I lay there in the afterglow knowing that my life had just made
a major change.

Lying in my bed, I began to think about all of the things I wanted to
do. I knew one of the first was to clean up the mess my juices had
made on my pantyhose's crotch. I felt the crotch and noticed that they
were dry. This was confusing. I had had a wonderful orgasm, my
fingers were still moist, but no signs of the orgasm were on my
clothes. Then a thought crossed my mind. These clothes were the same
as the ones in the picture and in the picture, the clothes were dry.
That must be it. The clothes will stay just as they are in the
picture. I wanted to test this theory, so I grabbed part of the
pantyhose covering my calf and dug my nails into it, producing a hole
and a run up the leg. As I watched, the run repaired itself. I was
amazed.

I thought about one more test. I left my bedroom and headed
to the bathroom. Closing the door behind me, I went to the bathtub and
started filling it with water. When it was 3/4 full, I stopped the
water and stepped in. I could feel the wetness of the water soaking my
pantyhose. Carefully, I lowered myself into the tub. My skirt tried
to float on to of the water, but I held it under and worked the water
into the material until it to was soaked. The warmth of the water felt
wonderful. I slowly slid my butt and bent my knees until my head was
under the water. Making sure my hair was soaked and my makeup ruined,
I slid back up until my legs were under the water again. I stood up
and stepped out of the tub. Reaching abound, I let the water out of
the tub and noticed that my clothes were dry. I walked over to the
mirror and looked at my reflection. Perfect. Not a hair out of place
and my makeup was excellent. I knew that women all over the world
would be jealous to have this ability. The makeup fascinated me. I
reached for a cloth towel to see if I could remove it. I wiped across
my chin and lips. Looking at the towel, I saw the makeup on it. But
only for a second. It faded off the towel before my eyes. I repeated
the procedure just to make sure I hadn't made a mistake. The same
thing happened. I looked in the mirror and did it one last time. I
could see on my face where the makeup was removed, but in the blink of
an eye, it reappeared. This was wonderful. I would never have to
worry about putting makeup on, something I wasn't very good at doing.

I left the bathroom and returned to my bedroom. Sitting at my desk, I
started to think about what Uncle Pete had said in his letter. He had
mentioned that you could get to the thoughts of whomever's clothes you
were wearing. So I tried to get to Regina's thoughts. I tried to
figure out what she was thinking at the present moment, but to no
avail. I knew Uncle Pete wouldn't steer me in the wrong direction, but
I couldn't figure out what to do. I decided to think about the day the
picture was taken. I closed my eyes and thought about taking the
picture. I remembered lining the girls up for the shot. I asked each
of them to stand a certain way, place their arms in certain positions,
and before I knew it, I was remembering receiving direction on the way
to stand. I kept working my way through these memories. Some were
about the other girls, some were about her current boyfriend, Joe
Jackson, and others were about what to wear to a picnic that coming up
weekend. As the memories became more real, I felt like I was Regina
and back in high school. As the thoughts continued, I became aware of
how to control the flow. I could replay any of the thoughts by
concentrating on when they would have occurred. I jumped around in her
memory and stopped at a night two weeks before the picture was taken.
Here was a fantasy of Regina's where she had a twin sister and they
were engaged in passionate sex. I felt myself getting horny and
decided to come back to this one later. Jumping around the memories, I
realized that I couldn't go any farther that the time of the picture
being taken.

"Ding-Dong," rang the front doorbell, startling me out of the memory
trip.

I went to the door without thinking and opened before I remembered that
I was Regina. Standing before me was the real Regina. The look of
shock on her face was amazing. At first, I was happy to see her. Then
it dawned on me that I was still in her body. The reason for her
shocked look hit me and I had hardly enough time to catch her as she
passed out. Normally, I would have had no problems carrying her in,
but her 18 year old body wasn't as strong as my 22 year old one. I
held her under her arm pits and dragged her into the living room. Once
I had her on the couch, I returned to the front door and closed it. As
I returned to the living room, I could hear her awakening. She looked
up at me when I reached the couch and then sat up.

"Who are you?" she asked.

I wasn't sure how to answer the question. The truth seemed the
easiest. Hell, if she didn't believe me, I could always show her.
"Well, Gina, It's me, Chris," I said.

The voice Regina heard was hers. The body motions she saw were hers.
She looked very confused. "I don't believe you," she said.

"Well, I didn't expect you to drop by," was all I could think to say.
I though to try some humor. "I wouldn't have been dressed this way if
I knew you were coming over."

She didn't even crack a smile. I could tell that I need to convince
her quickly or there was no telling what she would end up doing.
"Look, this may sound strange, but I really am Chris. If you give me a
chance, I can prove it to you. Remember what happened after the
homecoming dance. Joe Jackson tried to have sex with you and you
kicked him in the balls. I'm the only one you told. And Jackson never
mentioned it to anyone."

I think that convinced her. Her body didn't look as tense as it had
earlier. "Well," she started, "I never did tell anyone other than
Chris that information and he promised to not tell anyone or to ever
talk to me about it again." She paused while thinking about it.
Finally she said, "I'll bite. Let's assume you are Chris. Why do you
look like me and where did you get the clothes I wore to the homecoming
dance?"

"Good questions," I responded. "You won't believe the answer."

"Let me be the judge of that."

So, I told her everything. My desire to be a woman, the joy I got from
dressing like one, and even how I had always been jealous of her
because she was a woman. I explained the times I would fantasize about
wearing her cheerleading outfits and cheering in front of the crowds at
football and basketball games. I talked for over an hour. During the
whole time, she only interrupted me twice. Once was to tell me
flattery wouldn't help my case. I had to convince her I wasn't trying
to impress her, just that I was being honest. The second time was when
I told her I could access the memories she had up to the point of the
picture being taken. She didn't believe this. So I told her how, at
the moment before the picture was taken, she was thinking about whether
or not to have sex with Joe Jackson after the homecoming game. This
convinced her I was telling the truth. She had never mentioned this to
anyone. She look worried when I said this. I told that I had to
really concentrate to do it. The memories don't just appear like my
own do. I have to think about a date and time before I can access the memory. It was like a filling cabinet that isn't organized except by
date and time. I had to pick a place to start looking then move
forward or back from there. I didn't tell her about finding her
lesbian fantasies. That could wait for later.

When I was done, we just sat in silence for ten or fifteen minutes.
She took my hand in hers and said, "I believe you." The look in her
eyes told me she did. "I sure do look good in that outfit, don't I?"

"Well, other than the slightly oversized hips and..."

I didn't get to finish the sentence before she popped me in the arm.

"Show me the box," she said.

"Follow me ma'am."

We went down the hall to my bedroom and I ushered her into the room.
Sitting where I had left it was the opened box. The letter was on my
bed near the box. Regina went over to the box and kneeled next to it.
She tentatively reached in and felt the insides of the box. "This is
incredible. How long will the transformation last?"

"I'm not sure. Uncle Pete didn't mention that. It definitely doesn't
depend on wearing the clothes, but I haven't been out of them except
for my leg when I first put the pantyhose on. Actually, I'm not really
sure how to reverse the transformation."

"What? You don't know if you can ever be Chris again?"

"I didn't think about it. I just wanted to see if Uncle Pete was
bullshitting me. I never thought that I would become you." I started
to get emotional at this point. "What will I do if I can't get back to
myself? What will people think?" I began to cry.

Regina was at my side in an instant. Holding my hands, she said, "Shh.
Calm down." She pulled me to the bed and we sat down on it. "It'll be
OK. There has to be a way. After all, your Uncle Pete was himself when
he died, wasn't he?"

"Uh-Hu"

"Well that means there is a way. We just have to find it."

She was being so kind to me and understanding. I just looked into her
face and her eyes and found myself drawn up into them. I slowly leaned
forward, tilted my head to the side and we kissed. At first she
resisted a little, but got into the kiss quickly. I felt her hand
touch my knee and slide up my thigh. She rubbed her hand over the
pantyhose encased thigh while gently moving her other hand to my
breast. I repeated the favor on her breast. Using my free hand, I
worked on getting the jacket off and then the sweater. We stopped
kissing just long enough for me to pull off my sweater. While I was
doing this, she took off the T-shirt she was wearing, her bra, and the
stood to remove her sneakers, socks, and jeans. I followed her clue
and took off my blouse, skirt and bra. We pulled together again for a
kiss. I pulled her down onto the bed with me and began to kiss her
breast while stroking her thighs. Her back began to arc a little as
the pleasure began to build. I worked my way down her stomach until I
reached the waistband of her thong panties. I reversed the position of
my body so that my pussy was near her head. She pulled at the
pantyhose, pulling them down my legs as I slid her thong off her. I
began to lick the lips of her pussy while she worked on mine. I could
feel her sliding her fingers in and out of my pussy while I
concentrated on her clit. While doing this, the memory of her fantasy
came to my mind. I acted out the scene as she had envisioned it,
pulling her to the brink of orgasm then switching to exciting another
part of her. As I felt myself reaching an orgasm, I worked feverishly
on her to bring us both off at the same time. I could feel the muscles
spasm around my face as she began to climax about a second before I
came. When the orgasm was over, I moved my face away from her pussy,
kissed her on the inner thigh and rolled to the side. Her finger were
still in me as I did this.

"I'm not through with you yet," she said and as she pulled her hand
out, she sat up and positioned herself kneeling between my legs. Her
skills were amazing. Her tongue flicked in and out of my pussy,
striking me over and over again. Sometimes she would hit the inner
wall, sometimes the outer lip, but most of the time, it was my clit. It
only took her five minutes of this skillful manipulation to make me
orgasm again. After that, we laid there holding each other. The
afterglow of sex with Regina was nothing like what I had felt as a man.
My whole body felt alive and her presence near me was wonderful.

"That was wonderful," I said.

"Yea. It's always been a fantasy of mine to have sex with another
woman."

"I know. It came to me as we were doing it. So I followed along and
did what you had dreamed of doing to your lover."

"I thought it seemed familiar. I kept that fantasy for over five
years. It hasn't changed since I realized what felt best when I was
masturbating. Thank you for making it real."

"It was the least I could do. After all, I'm getting my fantasy by
being you aren't I?"

"Yes, you are," she finished. We hugged each other, climbed out of
bed, and began to get dressed.

After getting dress, Regina looked at me and said, "I sure do feel
underdressed. Let's go shopping."

"In public?" was all I could say.

"Sure, why not?"

"I can't go out. We've got to find out how to change me back."

"Well, since we need a plan, we can come up with one while shopping.
After all, shopping relaxes me and since you are me, it should relax
you."

I knew that I couldn't win, so I gave in. Before I realized it, we
were out of my apartment, in her car, and on the way to the local mall.
The trip would take about a half hour, so I decided to find out why she
was in town.

"Well," she started. "After graduation, I figured I would return home
to find a job. I remembered you telling me that you had an apartment
so I stopped by your parents house and got the address. I figured we
could hang out for a while and I was also hoping that I could move in
until I got my feet on the ground. If it wouldn't be any
inconvenience. Since my parents had moved to Texas, and I didn't want
to live there, I figured it was one option."

"You know it would be OK. I've got the second bedroom free since my
roommate moved out and Uncle Pete's inheritance covered rent for the
next year. I don't see why not."

"Great. We'll be just like sisters. Oops... I forgot you're not a
girl."

"That's OK. I'm getting used to your body. It's starting to feel
comfortable. I have noticed that some of your basic female memories
are becoming second nature."

"Really? Like what?"

"Well, this may seem silly, but standing to pee doesn't seem natural
like it did when I was a guy. Also, I know how to use a tampon. That
was something I had no clue about before. Putting on makeup, douching,
anything a female would do, comes easily. But I still know guy things.
None of my memories feel effected, but some things I would do as a man,
don't seem natural."

"It's probably just your mind moving my memories into convient places to
face the world as a woman. I don't think you should worry about it.
But, if you think you are forgetting anything about your Chris self,
for lack of a better term, let me know."

"OK"

The rest of the trip was spent talking about what we had done since the
last time we had seen each other. Pulling into the mall parking lot, I
started to feel nervous again. But Regina's confidence kept me from
saying anything. As we approached the mall, she turned to me and said,
"Since Chris is a male and female name, I can call you that in the
mall. If anyone asks, it's short for Christine."

The first store we entered was Hects. She headed straight for the
lingerie department. "I'll be needing some hose to go with my dress,"
she said. After searching through about four racks of pantyhose, she
pulled out some shell colored Easy Spirit Opaque . After she paid for
them, we moved to the shoe department. She browsed around for a while
and then picked out a pair of black 3" pumps. Next it was on to the
juniors department. At this point, I got into the shopping with her.
The dresses were so pretty and I couldn't help myself. It felt
natural. I pulled out a form fitting mini dress that matched the heels
I was wearing perfectly. I told Gina I was going to try it on and she
came with me carrying her own pile of dresses. In the dressing room, I
pulled off all of my clothes except for the heels and pantyhose. I
pulled the dress over my curves and smoothed it out. Turning towards
the mirror, I was stunned. The dress accented all of the right places
for my body. I walked out of the dressing room and went to Gina's
dressing room. She came out and scoped me out as I looked her over.
She was gorgeous. She had put on the heels and hose and then a black
A-line dress that came down to about midway down her thigh. Our
reactions towards each other was "Wow!!"

We both returned to our dressing rooms and then came out. We went to
the register and Regina bought both of the outfits. I tried to stop
her, but she would have none of it. After she paid for them, she
pulled me back into the dressing room and handed me my new dress.

"Put this on. It looks better that the outfit you are wearing."

"OK," I answered. Slipping everything off, again, I pulled the dress
on. and came out of the dressing room. Gina followed me a second
later. "Let's go have some fun," she said.

With me beside her, we hit the mall. The shopping was fun and we even
came up with some ideas of how to change me back. The question was
which way would work. While we were eating at the food court, Gina
said, "See those two guys over there?"

"Yes. What about them?"

"They've been following us around for the last hour. I think they want
to get to know us better."

"I don't think that's a good idea."

"Why? Are you afraid you'll have to suck one of their dicks?"

I was surprised by her words. I hadn't even thought about that. Those
guys only say two beautiful women dressed very sexy. If I was them, I
would only want one thing also. I looked up and they were at our
table, beginning to sit down.

"Do you mind if we join you two lovely ladies?" the first one asked as
he sat down next to Gina. His friend sat next to me. Since we were in
a booth, we couldn't get out without them moving.

"Sure," Gina piped out before I could protest. "I'm Gina and this is
my sister Christine. You can call her Chris."

"I'm Bobby and that's Kevin," he said. "Now what are you two doing
here without an escort. You know they passed a law requiring all women
to be escorted while at the mall."

I rolled my eyes and Gina just giggled. Kevin turned to me as Bobby
continued to make moves on Gina. "So, you two look alike, are you
twins."

"No," I responded, "She's four years older than I am. We could
probably pass as twins though." I looked over at Gina and she was
staring into Bobby's eyes. She shot a quick glance at me and winked.
I realized I would be on my own. Kevin's conversation seemed a little
boring and I tried to let him know I wasn't interested with my body
language, but he didn't pick up on it. Before I knew it, Bobby and
Gina were starting to get up.

"Let's go," she said.

"Go?" I asked.

"Yea. Didn't you hear me. Bobby and Kevin are taking us back to their
place to a party they are holding."

I couldn't believe what she was saying. I didn't agree to this. I
would talk her out of if it killed me. "Can I talk with you for a
minute. In private."

The guys got the hint and backed away.

"You can't be serious," I said. "What if Kevin tries to cop a feel?
I'm not gay."

"You're wrong about being gay. After all, you've been involved in a
lesbian affair, or have you forgotten this afternoon already. If you
choose to have sex with Kevin, remember, he's a boy and you're a girl.
Now no arguments. I want to go have a good time and you should relax.
Just let my memories help you. If Kevin tries anything you don't want
to do, just stop him."

With that, she turned to Bobby and Kevin, "It's settled then. Let's go
party!!" She slid her arm around his waist and they headed off. Kevin
approached me and began to put his arm around me, but my look had him
backing off. We follow Bobby and Gina to Bobby's car. Kevin and I
piled into the back seat while Bobby and Gina got in the front. A
little voice in my head was saying that I was being harsh on Kevin, so
I decided to warm up a little to him. We started talking and I
realized that he was an all right person, not the scum I though he
would be.

Shortly, we arrived at Bobby's house and went in. No one had arrive
for the party yet so Gina and I started to help them set up. Bobby
fixed us some drinks and we all went into the living room to wait for
people to arrive. Bobby put some slow dancing music on and started to
dance with Gina. Kevin and I sat on the couch and continued the
conversations we were holding in the car. I hadn't noticed, but Kevin
was sitting so close to me that his leg was against mine. He placed
his arm on the top of the couch, behind my head. After a while, I
leaned my head back against his arm and he dropped his arm to my
shoulder. His hand rested over my left shouldr, slightly above my
breast. We talked about where our lives were going and what we wanted
to do in the future. I felt myself becoming more and more attracted to
Kevin and before I knew what had happened, I was leaning in for a
kiss.. The kiss was tentative at first, but Kevin became more daring
as it lasted. His tongue slowly probed into my mouth and his right
hand began to massage my thigh. After about five minutes, we parted
and he looked me into my eyes.

"Let's go upstairs for a little while," he said.

"OK," was all I could think to say.

My body was on fire and I wanted him more than I could imagine. The
crotch of my pantyhose had become moist from my pussy's juices and I
knew that my male ego was going to lose this battle. When we got to
the upstairs bedroom, I had let myself become a woman completely.
Gina's memories had merged with mine in this area and everything seemed
normal. We got to Kevin's bedroom and I began to unbutton his shirt
while we kissed and moved to the bed. His muscular chest felt
wonderful. I ran my hands up and down his chest getting closer to his
pants as we kissed. We stopped kissing so that Kevin could pull my
dress over my head. His hands slid lightly down the outside of my
dress until they reached the hem. Sliding his hands under the hem, he
slowly moved them up the sides of my body, taking the dress with it.
Once it was removed, we continued to kiss. I broke the kiss long
enough to remove my shoes and he took his off and his socks. Kevin
expertly removed my bra as I began to take his pants off. We both were down to our
underwear as we fell onto the bed in each others arms.

Kevin moved his kisses down my body until he reached my breast. The pleasure caused me
to close my eyes. Kissing and licking and sucking my breast and
nipples until my world was engulfed in flames, Kevin was a master at
the act. As my passion expanded, Kevin moved his kissing down across
my stomach and slid my pantyhose off with his hands. Once he had
gotten my pantyhose off, his boxers quickly joined them on the floor.
I felt Kevin move his body between my legs and I opened them wider for
him to access my pussy. His kissing continued back up my body. As he
came back to my face, I felt the tip of his dick brush my inner thigh.
I reached down between us and glided his member to the edge of my
pussy. He immediately knew what to do, his first thrust of his hip
pushed his dick into the confines of my pussy. The excitement of his
kissing had lubricated it well. The feeling of his dick in me was
unlike anything I had ever felt before in my life. I had thought the
pleasure of his kisses were ecstasy, but this new feeling was ten times
more wonderful. Instinctively, we fell into a rhythm as he pumped
faster and faster. My body responded by squeezing my vagina walls with
each of his pushes. I thought nothing could top the feelings I was
experiencing until the orgasm began. It started at my crotch and
exploded throughout my entire body. It was more intense than any
orgasm I had had as a male. Everything was a blur except for the
feelings of the orgasm. Coming down from it, I realized that Kevin had
had an orgasm too. His pumping had slowed to a stop and he was rolling
off of me.

Lying next to me, I heard his breathing from the effort. I rolled over
and kissed him with every ounce of passion left in me. Lying my head
on his chest, feeling the heat from our love making, I realized that
this is one of the things I could never had achieved by just dressing
as a woman. My experience was complete. Kevin's breathing became
slower and steadier and I realized he was asleep. Just like a man, I
thought as I rolled over and sat on the edge of the bed.

I got dressed and went downstairs to find Gina and Bobby on the couch,
naked and in each others arms. Looking at the clock, I noticed that
two hours had gone by since Kevin and I went upstairs. No one else was
downstairs and I wondered what had happened to the party. Then I
realized that I had fallen for one of the oldest tricks in the book of
males. A "party". Right. Well, I enjoyed myself, so why worry about
it. Gina saw me and sat up. She must have read my mind because she
unentangled herself from Bobby and began to get dressed. She whispered
in Bobby's ear for a moment and he joined her in getting dressed.

"Bobby said he'll take us back to the mall," she said to me.

"OK," I answered.

The three of us got back into Bobby's car and headed back to the mall.
Gina and Bobby sat close together and I was alone in the back seat with
my thoughts. Did I want to see Kevin again? I wasn't sure. I would
have to come to grips with having sex as a woman. I realized that my
maleness had been slowly coming back after my orgasm. Thoughts of
having sex with a man stopped being as attractive as they had just an
hour ago. So, I sat in silence until we got to the mall. Bobby pulled
up next to our car and then wrote his number and Kevin's number on a
piece of paper and handed it to Gina.

"I had a wonderful time," he told her. "I'm sure Kevin did to. If you
two ever want to party again, call us."

Gina and I just smiled as we got out of the car. As Bobby pulled away,
Gina turned to me.

"Are you mad at me?" she asked.

"No," I said. "At first I was, but I realized that you were just
trying to get me to fully experience being a woman. But I wish you had
given me a chance to get used to the idea of having sex with a man
first."

She looked a little hurt by what I said, but she got that evil little
grin of hers back. "You enjoyed it, huh?"

I tried to look mad, but burst out in laughter instead. "Yes, It was
more that I could have ever imagined."

We hugged and laughed and then got into our car to head home. During
the drive, I realized that if I could go back to being myself, I could
live with being a woman.

"Have you thought of any ideas of getting your male body back," Gina
said, interrupting my thoughts.

"The only thing I can think of is to return the clothes to the box,
shut it and wait an hour. You know, it would be like reversing the
process."

"Sounds good to me." She paused for about a minute. "I don't know if
you've thought of this, but...what if it doesn't work."

"Actually, I have. I don't think life as a woman would be all that
bad. Hell, sex is definitely better, if I can get over the fact it is
with a man."

"You could always stick to lesbian sex. I enjoyed our adventure. I
thought of it as masturbation since I was having sex with myself."

We both laughed at that thought. The conversation the rest of the way
home was lacking in any substance, but it mostly dealt with preparing
me for life if the box wouldn't change me back.

Pulling into the parking lot of my apartment, we got out and gathered
our things then headed inside. I immediately went back to the bedroom and put the clothes back into the box. I had to strip to get off the
pantyhose and bra I was still wearing. Kneeling in front of the box, I
closed the lid and reattached the straps. As soon as the second buckle
was closed, the tingle washed over me from head to toes, forcing my
head down and onto the top of the box. Gina was entering the room as I
closed the buckle.

"Wow," she said. "That was incredible to see."

I felt a little weak and looked up at her. "What?"

"The change. It was like one of those morphing scenes you see on
computers. Your body kind of melted from mine to yours. it was
incredible."

"Thanks. I'll do an encore later." My strength was returning and I
stood up. Gina's eyes traveled the length of my body and I realized
that I was naked. I causally walked over to my dresser and pulled out
some clothes. "You don't have to watch," I told her as I dressed.

"Hey, it's only fair. You got to see me naked. Why can't I see you
naked." And then she began to laugh.

After a while, I joined her in the laughter. We sat down on the bed
and I felt a wave of relief rush over me. I had always wanted to be a
woman and now I have the means. But I also realized that I enjoy my
life as a man and I am happy that I can return to it. We ended up
hugging each other as the laughter died. I noticed she was staring at
the box.

"Open it," she said.

We both kneeled down in front of the box. I undid the buckle on one
side as she worked the buckle on the other side. When both were freed,
we opened the lid. All that remained inside the box was the picture of
Gina in her homecoming outfit. Gina reached in and pulled it out.. I
could tell her mind was working on some plan.

"I could be 18 again," she said. "Immortal."

"No, not immortal," I responded. After all, Uncle Pete had died. I
knew where she was headed with that statement. "Just young forever.
You could spend the rest of you life in that 18 year old body, staying
just as you looked in the picture. Your hair would always be perfect,
you makeup would always be perfect. But, if you ever returned the
clothes to the box, you would return to you current age. If that age
was old enough, you would probably die." I was guessing at most of
this, but it made sense to me.

"It would be worth it. I would be willing to never go back to my
'real' age. To be 18 until an accident caused you to die, that would
be OK. Heck, what was that saying? 'Live hard, die young, and leave an
awesome locking corpse.' I could live with that."

We sat in silence for a while. I wouldn't have turned her down if
asked me to let her do it. Hell, I was tempted to put my own picture
in it. She was the one to break the silence first.

"We should probably do some experiments first. Like what happens if
you spend a long time without switching back to you 'real' self. Do
you lose some of yourself when it happens? You know things like that."

I was glad to hear her say that. It meant she wasn't ready to just
leap into an easy solution. We decide to work together on the
experiment. I wasn't sure how we would manage, but the first thing we
needed to do was find ourselves jobs. All this would be moot if we
were both unemployed. Welcome back to reality was all I could think
of. We left my room and headed for the kitchen to grab a late night
snack.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Gina and I have had a lot of fun with the box. We've both ended up
getting jobs at the local strip joint as a pair of twin sisters. The
pay is more that I could have ever made with my degree and the same is
true for Gina. This had lead to some other adventures that we will
gladly share with you in the future. I spend a large amount of my time
in a female body. About the only time I'm in my "real" body is when I
need to pay some bills or when relatives are visiting. Since my family
isn't that close, this doesn't occur very much. Well, I've got to go.

I hope you enjoyed reading this. Bye now.

Fin
