---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Woman-Swallowing Pythons
authors:
- Anne Franke
tags:
- Snake/f
- vore
- swallowed
- cons
- X
date: 2006-02-17 00:00:00
---

Mary stepped outside the house, closing the patio door behind her. It was a
sunny day, and she felt like sunbathing. Accordingly, she was wearing her
string bikini top and thong bikini bottom. She thought back to what Bob had
said earlier that morning...

"Now you be careful today, Mary," said Bob as he walked to the
front door. "There've been sightings of woman swallowing pythons in the
suburbs."

"But they only swallow nude women," said Mary with a smile.
"The only place I'm nude is in the house... with you..."

"Technically they only swallow nude women, yes. And even at that, they
only swallow women who have large breasts. So you be careful!"

Mary looked down at her breasts. They were large, indeed. Each was larger
than her head by a good half again. They weighed in at fifteen pounds each.

"I'll be careful," said Mary. "I'm only going to sunbathe
for a while today, and I promise I won't take off all my clothes."

"I wish you wouldn't even sunbathe," said Bob. "Remember,
it's only technically nude women- think of Carla, next door!"

Mary thought back... Carla had been swallowed by a woman swallowing python
about a month ago. She had had large breasts and had been sunbathing. And,
while she had been wearing a bikini bottom, she had been topless. She had
fallen asleep in her lawn chair when the woman swallowing python found her. In
less than three hours, Carla had been swallowed whole and alive. Toward the
end, only the hard nipples of her large breasts had poked out of the woman
swallowing python's mouth. Then -gulp!- and Carla was gone. Mary, along with
most of the neighborhood, had watched the whole thing from beginning to
finish.

"I promise you I'll be careful!" laughed Mary.

Mary smiled, looking around the porch. There was her bath blanket, already
spread on the wood. She lay down on her back, adjusting her sunhat so she
wouldn't be blinded by the early afternoon sun. She lifted her head and looked
down her body. The string bikini carefully covered her nipples and most of the
aereola and little else, but it was obvious she was wearing a bikini top. And
the tiny patch of cloth that only just covered her shaved vagina was in place.
She wasn't nude. No need to worry!

She closed her eyes and basked in the warm sunlight. After a time she
looked around again, and noticed a large woman swallowing python at the edge
of their property. Tsk- those things were a nuisance at the very least, and
dangerous at best! Well, she wasn't nude, so she was just going to ignore it.
The silly thing!

She must have fallen asleep for a while, because next when she opened her
eyes, the woman swallowing python was on the porch with her- at her very feet!

"Shoo! Shoo!" said Mary, kicking gently at its head with one bare
foot. "There's no one to swallow here. Everyone here is dressed, so you
can just shove off!"

Shaking her head and sighing, she leaned back her head and closed her eyes,
enjoying the feeling of relaxing in the sun.

She could swear, after a time, that someone had lifted her feet and placed
them in a small, moist sack with a scaley rim at her ankles. Maybe Bob had
come home early, and was trying to trick her. Well, she could trick him right
back and ignore him. Until he did something nicer to her, anyway...

It must have been a deep sack, because the scaley rim of the sack kept
climbing up her legs. After a time the rim passed her knees. Only when the
sack was pulled up almost to her hips did she finally open her eyes, ready to
tell Bob off.

Only, when she looked, at wasn't a sack at all on her legs- she was being
swallowed by a woman swallowing python! Already she had been almost one third
swallowed. The tip of the woman swallowing python's nose was only half a foot
from her scantily covered vagina!

"Oh, bother," said Mary. "This is very unfortunate."
She thought a moment. "At the rate this is going, I should be completely
swallowed whole in less than two hours!"

With a rolling gulp, the woman swallowing python's nose rose closer to her
vagina as it swallowed her down.

"Well, maybe in less than an hour at this rate," said Mary. She
wasn't frightened, though she knew her fate would be swift. Woman swallowing
pythons rapidly digested their meals of nude women- so quickly, they needed to
swallow another nude woman (or, only technically nude) the day after their
meal.

Gulp. Mary's only-just-barely covered vagina slid under the woman
swallowing python's lip. She could feel the woman swallowing python's lower
jaw against her buttocks. Being swallowed wasn't painful- not even for the
tips of her toes, which were farthest inside the woman swallowing python's
throat. In fact, it felt kind of nice... warm, slick, and being wrapped tight-
kind of like being hugged while taking a shower.

Glump. The woman swallowing python's nose was just under her belly button
now. Her firm buttocks were pressed tight against the inside of the woman
swallowing python's lower jaw.

"I should have taken my thong off," said Mary, hands under her
head. "I mean, I'm being swallowed just as if I were nude. I might as
well have been nude."

That made her think. She reached further down her back and untied the
string bikini top. With a quick pull, she was now topless. And with her lower
body fully swallowed by the woman swallowing python, no one looking would know
that she was not completely nude! She sighed, almost smiling. She didn't want
to die, and she knew she would very soon after the woman swallowing python
finished swallowing her whole and alive. But now that things were out of her
control- had been, the moment her toes had passed the woman swallowing
python's lip- well, you had to make the best of things.

Blumph. The woman swallowing python's nose had risen (as she had slid
further down the woman swallowing python's throat) to only just below her
sternum. It still felt like being hugged in a warm shower, except tighter.

As Mary gently touched her nipples she looked around the neighborhood. The
Smith's next door were sitting in lawn chairs, watching the woman swallowing
python swallow Mary. She waved at them, and they smiled and waved back.

"I'm completely nude you know," she shouted to them. "It's
not like when Carla was swallowed." She was pretty sure the woman
swallowing python had swallowed her hips before the Smith's started watching.

Mlump. The woman swallowing python's lower jaw was at her mid back, and the
woman swallowing python's nose was just below her breasts. Mary pulled on her
erect nipples, moaning slightly. It felt so good. She pulled her breasts up
her chest, tightly, pulled her head down. When she did this, and Bob asked her
too, very often, she knew her head wasn't visible between her large, round
breasts.

Glurmp. The woman swallowing python's nose had risen to just between her
breasts. That meant that when she let go her breasts, as she did, they would
cover the woman swallowing python's head, just as they had covered hers. Then
she remembered Carla. Did she want the last the neighbors could see of her to
be her hands? Or would it go off better if her breasts were the last to slide
down into the woman swallowing python?

Like Carla, she would rather her breasts be the last the neighbors would
see. She looked down and noticed she could see the mouth of the woman
swallowing python around her chest, below her breasts. She lifted her arms and
placed her hands above the woman swallowing python's lip, then pushed. First
her hands, then her arms up to the elbow vanished into the maw of the woman
swallowing python. Then it was done- her arms were inside the woman swallowing
python.

Just as it swallowed again. The woman swallowing python's nose was just
touching Mary's chin, and her shoulders were just inside the edge of the woman
swallowing python's mouth. Her breasts had been pushed up around her head. She
knew that anyone watching would now only see her large breasts poking out of
the woman swallowing pythons mouth, even though her head was not yet
swallowed.

Oh well. Her life had been good with Bob. Ending her life this way was not
the worst way to go. And it least it gave the neighbors a good show!

Swallow. Her head was now within the mouth of the woman swallowing python.
She could feel it's lips around her breasts. Only one half of each breast
would be visible out of it's mouth- the rest was covered.

Swallow. She could feel the woman swallowing python's lips around her
nipples and she smiled. She could see it- only a little bit of breast flesh
showing, and two large, jutting erect nipples. One more swallow and that would
be it- show over, and life over. She would be digested in a day, and the woman
swallowing python would have to find another woman to swallow. There were
worse ways to go.

Gulp.

You can see more of Anne's stories on her site: <http://www.sdcga.com/~anne2snakie/> or <http://anne2snakie.wordpress.com/>
