---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Heat-shrink Handcuffs
authors:
- Techie and Techster
tags:
- M-f
- M+-f+
- bond
- toys
- tease
- collar
- oral
- cons
- X
date: 2021-01-25 00:00:00
---

Techie and I were walking through a big box hardware store, looking at light fixtures. The objective was to find a pinpoint light for Domina’s new dungeon addition. I spotted an assortment of heat-shrink tubing that was used to insulate electrical wiring.

When I picked up a piece of the larger diameter tubing I noticed how well it fit around my fingers and I thought, *I bet we could have some quality x-rated bondage with this!* So I bought a three-foot long piece.

Techie laughed and said, “Just what the hell are you going to do with that?”

“Oh you will find out!” I replied.

When we got home, I cut off a small piece and put on my ring finger and warmed it with Techie’s hairdryer set on high. In just a few seconds it shrunk to fit my finger like a tight ring. After that quick trial I came up with a great idea so I cut six five inch-long lengths.

Techie had just gotten out of the shower. She was still naked, which was great from my point of view, so I said, “Let me try something with that heat-shrink tubing I bought.”

I had her put her hands together like she was praying and put a piece of the tubing on each pair of her fingers. Then I hit the tubing with the hot air from her hair dryer and in a few seconds her hands were trapped. I put a piece on each thumb, shrunk those pieces and used electrical tape to bind her thumbs.

Techie was almost pissed off as she attempted to free her fingers. “OK you got me! Now what?”

I told her, “Our neighbors are coming over this evening and you have your outfit!”

We’ve been married for over 50 years, and I still love to see Techie walk around helpless and naked. She admits she enjoys being the centre of attention as well.

I locked a wide, stainless-steel collar, with a shiny chromed leash, around her neck, as well as a pair of shackles, with a short hobble chain between her ankles.

Finally I covered her shoulders with a knit shawl.

She said, ”Thanks, I’m comfortable like this. But with my hands you will have to feed me and clean me after the bathroom!”

“No problem,” I told her, as I set out a plate of veggie snacks.

About an hour later the neighbors came over. Since they have known us for many years, they did not act surprised at Techie’s bondage; instead Regina asked her, “How does that feel?”

Techie replied, “It’s like any bondage, restraining, but not uncomfortable.”

Regina said, “I enjoy being Clyde’s sub. May I try it?”

I said, “I have some left, so of course.” Clyde helped me by cutting four pieces. Then he slipped Regina’s fingers into the pieces, and we warmed and shrunk them with Techie’s hair dryer.

Clyde and I enjoyed playing with our wives as we slid vibrators into them; watching them squirm and moan when the orgasms hit and they were helpless to do anything about it!

It will be a fun New Years Day, as we spend the day edging our wives, who

discovered that they could tease and edge their husbands teasing us only with their tongues!

Oh what fun we old married folks have!
