---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiessz/tydowns.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Ty Down Self Bondage
authors:
- Ty Downs
tags:
- n/a
---

I have been into selfbondage for over 20 years
and into bondage almost 40 years. In that time I have tied many people
in hundreds of ways..

When I was first married I tried to get my SO
to tie me but her feelings were not into it. After a while I gave up and
started tying myself. I became very good at it. But I knew I would get
into something I could not get out of and she would find me all tied and
gagged, what happened then is my story.

I had secured myself to a pipe in the basement
with leg irons and handcuffs, the chain on the leg irons was locked to
the handcuffs so that kept me in a kneeling position. A large ball gag
in my mouth and clothes pins on my nipples with the key just out of reach
above my hands, held by an electromagnetic with a timer set to turn off
after one hour, except that my wife came home early this time.

After a lot of arguing over several days we settled
it by me promising to tell her when and where I was going to do this from
then on.

Over the next several months I told her every
time I was going to tie myself, she seem to become more interested and
on two occasions she came in after I was tied just to watch me try to get
loose or see what I had used for equipment.

 Then one night when she was going bowling
with her woman's league, I told her of my plan for the evening in bondage.
She smiled and said go ahead I want to see you secured before I leave to
bowl.

What happened comes next.

Part 2

  The next time I decided to tie my self
was several weeks later on her bowling night. She said fine and wanted
to see me before she left. After dinner that evening I went to the basement
to set up my bondage and release equipment. I chose to use the ice cube
and nylon system to drop the keys to my hands.

Then I got undressed {I like being nude in bondage}
took the leg irons, wrapped them around the pipe and locked them with a
padlock, with a short chain that made a loop to go over the thumb cuffs.
Later I put a spreader bar between my knees that act as knee pads, 
put a large ball gag in strapping it tight and adding a small lock to secure
it. I knelt on the floor with my back to the pipe lock, my ankles on each
side of the pipe, then lay my head against the pipe & put a strap through
the gag strap and buckle it tight around the pipe, adding a lock.

Reaching around I lock my hands together with
thumb cuffs, after putting them through the loop of chain from the leg
irons. The keys hang right in back of my head almost in reach but not quite.
Just as I finished my wife came down and looked me over. She said "What!
no nipple clips, you usually have
them on. I'll get some for you." Returning with
two little butterfly hair clips, I tried to tell her I didn't want them
on because of the uncomfortable position I was in but she clipped them
on me. I moaned through my gag and pulled at my bonds as the plastic teeth
bit into my nipples, causing a hot burning pain across my chest. She said
"I think tonight you are going to have a hot time!" as she caressed my
erection in her hand.

Then as I started to move with her hand, she got
up and walked away leaving me wanting . When she returned with a cup of
ice she said "I don't think you used enough of this." Then proceeded to
add more to the nylon, now I  know that it takes about one hour for
two ice cubes to melt enough to release me, and from where I am I could
not see how much she added.

She knelt down next to me & said "Time for
me to go, but I promised you a hot time!" She began to spread a layer of
ben gay on my testicles, she kissed me and walked to the door, stopping
long enough to turn on the electric heater with the fan blowing on me,
closing the door leaving me in my hot little
prison for as long as it takes for unknown amount
of ice to melt.

        I will
have to buy that lady a dozen roses tomorrow.

                                             
Ty Downs
