---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Betrayal
authors:
- Mister Bondage
tags:
- M/m
- captive
- chain
- susp
- drug
- bond
- chair
- cuffs
- glue
- tape
- revenge
- nc
- XXX
---

Pain.

At this David awoke, the first sensations rousing him from unconsciousness was a dull headache and the painful bruises peppered over his body. Ah yes, the beating. Slowly he began to recall what had happened to him-and why-just as he was slowly becoming aware of what his situation was now. Suddenly gasping at a new source of agony, he looked up at the chains around his wrists, cruelly tightened and pulled up above his head, padlocked and attached to something, possibly the ceiling. He couldn’t tell how long he had been like this but David cried out at the cramps in his arms, as well as his legs which were also chained up together and locked to the floor, preventing him from kicking out.

“Heeyyyyy!” he shouted. No response. He shouted a few more times, to no avail. He twisted and strained against the chains holding him, which was equally fruitless. His shirt and jeans were soaked with sweat, as well as the results of other bodily functions. Blood dripped from his ravaged wrists onto his forehead. Consequences for his betrayal, though way more extreme than he dared imagine. Suddenly gripped with fear for his life, he renewed his struggles and calls for help.

Some time later, David could hear muffled footsteps and jangling keys. Whimpering with pain, he tried to keep still and listen as a door was seemingly being unlocked, then booted open.

“Good, you’re awake.”

David gulped, not needing vision to identify his captor. His now former friend Nick slowly walked over to David, stopping to backhand him before he could speak. Nick then removed the blindfold just as David spat a wad of bloody saliva into his face.

“Unwise David, unwise. I would have thought by now you’d appreciate the situation you’re in. That was the last insult I’ll suffer from you...”

David was incensed. “Look, I know you’re angry with me. I’m sorry that I slept with your girlfriend. Can’t we work this out? Theres no need for.....mmppphhhh!”

Slapping his hand over David’s mouth, Nick used his other hand to remove a syringe from his pocket.

“Work this out?” he hissed. “You think that you can just walk away from this, from me? Of all people? Did you know, for instance, that I’ve kept tabs on you two for some time now? Not just the one time David, but several. Over the last few months. And yesterday I discover that she is PREGNANT!!”

David’s eyes widened at that, and he tried to speak but Nick’s hand tightened over his mouth.

“No, you’ve cut me David, and cut me deeply. You need to be dealt with, and removed from our lives. But in such a way, that you will spend the rest of your miserable life regretting your betrayal.”

With that, he plunged the syringe into David’s neck and injected him with the fluid it contained. David yelped and struggled helplessly. Soon his struggles lessened. David could feel sensation leaving his extremities, still conscious but losing all feeling in his limbs. Nick removed his hand from David’s mouth, which began to drool a little. As the injection took hold, David’s paralyzed body slumped slightly, as much as the chains would allow.

Stepping back, Nick coolly regarded David’s prone body. “Now lets get to work. I’m not wasting any more time on backstabbing shit like you.”

He moved out of David’s line of sight. Not able to move his head, or anything else, David could only stare in terror at the floor, unable to move a muscle. The floor then rushed up at him. No, he thought, I’ve been released from the chains. Crumpling in a heap, he was rolled onto his back and could see out of the corner of his eye Nick removing the chains from his ankles and legs. He also saw a large metal chair at the back of the room, bolted to the floor. A table stood next to it, with chains and padlocks piled atop it. More terrifying was the metal stand next to the chair with a long intravenous drip hanging from it.

Suddenly he became aware of being picked up and carried over to the chair, which he was dumped into. Nick picked up handcuffs and locked his wrists behind the chair, locked them. He then began chaining up each leg to the chair legs and padlocking them off, moving up and chaining his torso to the chair. Superglue was squeezed into the locks. David could only scream inside the prison of his mind as his body was locked up into the chair. Nick then picked up the intravenous tube and slid it down David’s throat. Superglue was used to seal his lips together and around the tube, and then ducttape was wound around the glue and his head several times, never to come off. Tape was also used to seal off his eyes, mummifying much of David’s head save for his nostrils. All this was quickly being done with silent, clinical precision by Nick.

Unable to move, see or speak, David had never been so thoroughly frightened. He desperately wished he had never betrayed his friend, already regretting doing so. Though this rash and terrible revenge was something he never thought Nick capable of. His only remaining sense was hearing, and he listened to Nick slowly circling the chair, checking his handiwork. Suddenly more chains could be heard as Nick added more to David’s already locked up body, just to be sure.

“This is how you’re going to stay David. I did consider just killing you, but this way I know that you’ll spend the rest of your days suffering for your sins. And I’ll get to watch and enjoy, once the drug wears off, as you cry and scream in agony for the rest of your life. Oh I’ll keep you watered and fed through that tube, I’ll keep you alive as long as possible. But you won’t move out of that chair. You won’t be going anywhere, no matter how much it hurts-oh and those jeans of yours are your toilet now as well. You can sit there, and rot.”

With that, he walked away and locked the door behind him. David could not even form a coherent thought, his mind was filled with the scream that he couldn’t voice....
