---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Don't Mess with the Neighbours
authors:
- Hugh Lycra
tags:
- F-m
- pillory
- bond
- outdoors
- leotard
- spandex
- cons
- X
date: 2008-01-24 00:00:00
---

I am a quiet person who hates contact with others, so when new neighbors moved in, I did not go over to introduce myself.  And with a large hedge between our houses, and large lots, we couldn't even see each other's houses.  That was fine with me.

I worked the late shift and wanted to sleep late in the morning.  But their dog started barking at 6 a.m. and woke me up.  This went on for a week, and phone calls got no response.  Nobody answered.  So I came up with a different tack - - I would call them when I got home from work and play a recording of their dog into the phone, then hang up.

That seemed to do the trick.  Until I found out that their dog was coming into my yard to take a dump.  Not hard to clean up, but it pissed me off.  So I knew I had to confront them.

I went over on a Saturday and rang the bell.  A woman about my age answered and I introduced myself and told her to keep her dog in their property.  She was very cordial and told me she would.  Then she asked me to come into the garage and give her my opinion on a project she was working on.

Hanging on the walls were sets of armor and other things from the middle ages - - swords, lances, and so on.  And in the middle of the floor, a standing pillory.  She explained that she and her husband had been big fans of renaissance faires and that she was carrying on after his untimely death.  The pillory was part of an order she was fulfilling for a customer; they also haad started a company supplying these people.

"This is the first one of these I have made so I don't know about the fit.  Would you please let me put it on you so I can find out before I ship it off?"

She swung open the top part and I laid my head and hands onto the slots.  She closed the top and then put a padlock through the hasp and locked it.  I tried to escape but found the holes were the right size and I was helpless.

"Good.  Now it's time for you to meet the dog you complain about."

She released the pillory from the stand and snapped a leash onto a ring below my chin.  I tried to resist but had no choice to follow her out into the yard.
She looped the leash around a tree branch and then went back into the garage and brought out four twist stakes like one uses for a dog's chain.  She ordered me to lie on the ground on my back and then screwed two of them into the ground on either side of my pillory.  A couple of padlocks and I was helpless on the ground.

But the best (if you can call it that) was yet to come.  I could not help myself as she pulled off my shorts and underwear, and then screwed in the other two stakes and tied each ankle out so my legs were about 90 degrees apart.

"Now you are almost ready to meet him.  But first I have to prepare a a treat for him."

She went into the house and brought back a whipped cream bomb which she sprayed all over my crotch.  Then she brought out the dog, and as I feared, he went straight for the whipped cream.  That rough tongue and my helplessness really turned me on; I feared that if I got an erection that he might think it a hot dog and take a bite.  She must have thought the same so when he was finished, and I waas starting to get hard, she took him into the house again.

She came back and wiped me off, and her touch made me start to get hard.  She kept on teasing me until I got nearly 100% hard, and then she stopped.

"I have to get back to work.  Maybe we'll play some more later."

We?  Did she mean she and I or she and the dog?  I was to lie there, spread out and helpless, for hours until I found out.

Part 2

While she was gone, I had nothing else to do while lying there helpless than take a nap.  It was warm, I was in partial sun so no chance of a burn.

I don't know how long I was out or she was gone but I woke to someone stroking my balls and cock.  And they started to come to life, as I did.  And then it stopped.

"I have a girlfriend who would love to give you a blowjob.  But in return she would sit on your face and have you lick her clean.  That's not possible with that yoke you are wearing but if you are interested, I can set you up with her.  Sorry but it's not my type of thing."

She went back to stroking me and quitting.  It drove me nuts, being so close to an orgasm but not allowed to have one.

"OK, here is my plan.  I am going to a renaissance faire the weekend after next.  It's Pirate Day and I want to go as a female pirate, but to make it all the more authentic, I want to have a captive with me.  And I have decided that will be you.  Of course you can decline now, but then I would keep you here like this until you changed your mind."

I mulled over the choices.  And I did have to admit in my mind that I enjoyed being her captive.

"Oh, one more thing, if you agree now I will finish the orgasm treatment.  If you decide later, you're on your own."

That decided it.  I told her it was a deal.  And she started to stroke me, up and down my cock, and under my balls.  My body went into spasms as I tugged against my restraints, and then I had a wonderful orgasm!

She release me, gave me back my shorts, and took me into the workroom.  She held out a pair of steel wrist manacles and told me to put my arms out to receive them.  They were coated with rubber on the inside but fit very snugly.  And they were connected by a foot-long chain, with a ring in the middle.  When she finished with the nut going on the bolt, she put a small padlock through the hole just above each nut.

Next she did the same with a pair of legirons; these were connected with a longer chain.  Finally, a nice steel collar with rings on all four sides.  When that was secure, she brought out a length of chain and locked it to the front ring of the collar.  Then it went through the ring on the wrist chain and was locked to the middle of the ankle chain.

"How do you like this?  Try to escape."

I rattled around but I knew it was no hope.  But just the idea of this made me hard again, with another orgasm resulting.

"This is how it will be for you that day.  I will probably have a leash to lead you with.  I don't know what I will have you wearing; after all, if you are a prisoner, you must have fought well and probably got some of your clothes torn.  Just to be on the safe side, find yourself a tank-style leotard to wear under everything."

Well, that was the beginning of two lives for me. Lycra and bondage.  The day at the faire was wonderful!  I had also taken the precaution of wearing a jock strap under the leotard, and good thing because I had more than one erection (and orgasm) while she led me around and showed me off to her renaissance faire buddies.

One of the other female pirates asked if she could take care of me for an hour, and that led to yet another orgasm.
