---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tyte Fit 3
authors:
- Jake
tags:
- FM
- latex
- cons
- X
---

This
story is totally fictitious.  Any resemblance of the characters to
actual or real people is coincidental.  If you are one of the characters
in this story or know someone like the characters portrayed in this story...I
want to meet them...or you...or whatever.  As far as I know Tyte-Fit
does not exist.  If it does, consider this to be free advertising. 
This story is about latex fetish and contains adult viewing material. 
If you are offended by sexual situations, please read no further or blame
me not you will.  If you enjoyed The Dark Side of Jenny, or The Adventures
of Latex Suzie (unfinished), then you should find this entertaining. 
Finally, this story was inspired by a picture I saw on Rubberwoman's site...RW
- hope you don't mind the plug!
~
Jake
**Chapter
Three**
Part
5

Jerry didn't leave a lot of clues behind. 
I poked around for a bit, but only learned that Jerry tidied up really
well before he took off. I was going through the empty dresser drawers,
when I opened the bottom one and came across a neatly folded pile of black
rubber.  I gently picked up one of the small bundles.  It was
a long glove.  The bundle next to it proved to be its mate. 
Ignoring the other things in the drawer for now, I slipped off my shirt
and began to work the right glove onto my arm. Looking back now, I was
lucky the inside of the glove had plenty of powder, or I would have had
much more trouble than I did. Somehow, I think we fetishists remember our
first time putting on rubber.  It's ingrained in our memory. 
The cool feeling of the latex as it slid up my arm.  The hollow rustling
sound and squeaking as you push the air out.  The smell...ah, the
smell of latex.  To a fetishist, I think there's nothing more intoxicating.
I'm saying all this now, looking back from the future (present?), but I
guess the sensations were, at the time, more curious and different than
anything else.

I went to the full-length mirror and admired my
arms in the long gloves.  The shine was what first caught my attention. 
There was that look of artificiality like I had experienced the night before.
Flawless.  Perfect.  Gleaming.  My hands looked like they
had been sculpted - pure beauty. I went back to the drawer to find the
other things that our friend Jerry had left.  The next bundle was
a pair of briefs with a built-in sheath.  It was similar to the one
I had worn last night. I quickly took off my pants and tried to pull up
the briefs.  Unlike the gloves, however, there wasn't very much powder
at all in these and it was difficult going.  I seem to remember losing
quite a lot of leg hair in the process and thinking to myself what was
the eroticism in \*dressing\* like this?  Any of the randy feelings
I had from looking at myself wearing the gloves had now been replaced by
frustration.  I was smart enough to realize that my cock and balls
were NOT going to go into that sheath without a little help.

I looked around the room for some kind of lubricant
or powder or something, but with no luck.  I remembered seeing some
products in the master bathroom and headed down the hall with the sheath
loosely swaying between my legs. Once in the bathroom, it didn't take me
too long to find a tube of K-Y and I slicked up my hardening penis.  
Once done, I was surprised that it slipped home inside the sheath with
very little effort!  I took a towel and wiped off my gloved hands. 
As I put away the towel, I noticed a bottle of Armorall.  "Strange",
I thought, "Why would there be a bottle of this up in the bathroom?" 
I was reading the label on the bottle when I caught the line that said
something about being good for conditioning leather, vinyl and rubber. 
Hmmm...?  I sprayed my left glove experimentally and was impressed
with the wet-look shine the surface took on as I worked in the liquid. 
I did the other glove and the briefs.  Fantastic!

I went back to Jerry's room, my proud little shiny
black soldier standing tall, and went to the drawer where I unfolded the
last of the bundles.  It was in the shape of a head, with eye, nostril
and mouth holes.  It was a hood, just like the one Sandy had been
wearing this morning. It was a tight fit pulling the hood over my head,
but what a marvellous sensation!  It was like being hugged and caressed
over my entire head simultaneously.  I stepped up to the mirror and
was instantly enamoured with what I saw. I experimentally started touching
myself.  I loved the way the latex felt on my skin, but also the sensation
of rubber on rubber.  All of a sudden, masturbation involved all the
senses - sight, smell, sound, touch...yes, even taste.  I examined
my \*new\* body from every possible angle, relishing the way the light gleamed
off my rubber bits.  It was almost like a religious experience.

I knelt on the floor and pounded my cock until
I felt the inevitable eruption surging through me. It had to be one of
the best I had ever had (up to that point).  Just as the orgasm swept
over me, I looked up to see Sandy standing in the door way, arms folded,
leaning against the frame. I felt like I had just been caught masturbating
by my mother.  I was shocked and it kind of put the pressure on me
to recover from an otherwise stupendous climax.
"You know, you snoop around far too much", Sandy
quipped sarcastically.  I just looked down sheepishly.

She walked into the room and came around behind
me.  "After this morning's little stunt, I should have known to be
more careful of what you might get into.  Maybe I should have just
locked you up down stairs for the day?  Hmmm?  What do you think
about that?  It's not too late you know? Maybe you'd like that?"
Maybe I would have, but keep in mind, I had no
clue about what I was getting myself into.  I had always been strictly
vanilla.  So much so, I probably could have written the Vanilla Manual.
"No ma'am", I answered lowly.
"Well the way I see it, you need to do something
to keep yourself busy.  Or else I'll have to find a way to keep you
out of trouble.  Now let me think...?"

I knew she was toying with me, I just wasn't sure
where she was going to go with it.
"I've got it!", Sandy pulled off her wig, threw
it into the corner and seductively backed to the bed.  Just before
she sat down, she reached back between her legs and began to unzip her
crotch.
"I think I have a way for you to do some exploring
AND keep yourself out of trouble."  Sandy sat down on the bed, spread
her legs wide and pulled the latex catsuit away from her hairless pussy.
"Come here NOW!  Crawl to me you nosey shit.  Good, now nose
around in here for a while.  I said NOSE."

Her scent was overpowering by this point in the
day.  The sight of me in some rubber, masturbating had obviously had
an effect on her because she was dripping wet.  I poked my nose between
the folds of her labia as she commanded and rubbed the tip up against her
clit.  Sandy let out a sigh and grabbed hold of my rubber head. 
She pulled my face into her pussy and rocked back and forth gently on the
rubber of my nose.  Tentatively, I stuck out my tongue to taste her
juices.   She eagerly accepted my probe and laid back on the
bed to allow me better access. I gently parted her lips with my flattened
tongue and went to work on her clit.  I alternately pulled at it with
my teeth and licked it with my tongue.  I took one of my gloved fingers
and slid it inside her hole.  I probed about until I felt her body
start to tense and rock.  I continued to press on this spot while
I licked and sucked away at her smooth mound.  I was just getting
into it when Sandy grabbed hold of my head and tried to push my face inside
of her.  I felt the wonderful sensation of her pussy gripping my tongue
and then the familiar flow of girl cum.

Sandy was laughing and looked down at me, "Well,
we certainly don't need much work in that department.  Come up here,
I want to feel your rubber cock inside me.  She scootched up the bed
and I crawled up on top of her.  I couldn't believe that I was this
hard again after having such an intense orgasm.  Sandy guided my rubber
prick to the edge of her hole and I pushed it slowly inside.  We just
lay together kissing and feeling each other before starting into a slow,
steady rhythm.
We came together with such emotion, I finally
understood the term \*making love\*.  Sandy wiped away a few tears and
said, "I don't think I've ever felt like this before..."

I got off her and peeled the latex hood from my
face, "Even more reason to stay away from this stuff for a while."
"But you DID enjoy it, didn't you?", Sandy sat
up, still breathing heavy.
"Yes, yes...more than I'd like to admit. 
But what we just felt together is just the tip of the iceberg.  We
know we have this, but I'm not going to let myself get set up for another
disasterous relationship.  Can't you understand that Sandy?"
"Yes.  As much as I hate to admit it, you're
right.  You still snoop around too much."
"Maybe, but if I hadn't, we wouldn't have discovered
\*this\*!

"I'm going to have a shower, then head back to
the city.  If you'd like, I can pick you up tomorrow and we can go
out for dinner or something?"
"I can't believe you want us to date!", Sandy
said throwing a pillow at me.  "Are you sure you don't want to stay
here?"
"Definitely not!  This is too dangerous. 
I know I'm going to be swept up in this fetish of yours as it is. 
I don't want it to cloud other feelings I'm going to develop for you."
"Jake, you've got a strange way of sweet-talkin'
a girl...but I think I like it.  I've got a ton of work to do in the
shop anyway.  I'd love to join you for dinner tomorrow night, and
I'd love to join you in the shower too."

Sandy and I helped each other peel off the sticky
layer of latex until we were both naked.  We went to the big shower
in the master bathroom and turned on the water.
"Remind me to give you one of my \*special\* baths
sometime", Sandy said as we stepped into the steam.  "You'll never
be the same afterwards!"
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"Nothing I'm going to tell you now...it's just,
how should I put it...invigorating!"
"And would this \*special\* bath involve latex?"
"Oddly enough, no.  It's kind of a preparation
for latex though.  And that's all I'm going to tell you!"
We had been soaping each other during this conversation,
so I playfully slapped a soapy hand across her ass, "That's all I need
to know."

Sandy giggled with my playful smack, grabbed my
wrists and pushed me up against the shower wall.  She had a renewed
passion in her eyes, and she thrust her body against mine.  Her kiss
was hot!  I reached my hands up to stroke her bald head, caressing
it as our tongues lapped in each others mouth.  Under the hot water,
her skin had an incredibly soft, smooth texture.  I had never touched
a bald head before (let alone one on a woman), and was surprised by how
erotic it felt. My cock achingly came to attention once again.  I
think Sandy must have known that I was sensitive, because she turned around,
bent over and gingerly began to inch my penis into her pussy.
"I can't remember the last time I've had actual
\*flesh\* inside me.  Everything for the past few years has been rubber
covered. And...ooohh...it kinda feels good this way."

I've never told her this, but as I entered her
from behind that time in the shower, I watched her smooth naked body dripping
with water, and couldn't help but picture her encased in latex! To be blunt...it
was a hard fuck.  No making love this time.  It was animalistic. 
I felt like I was ready to come when Sandy reached around, grabbed my cock
and pulled away from me.
"Not in that hole lover.  I don't want any
accidents right now...no protection you know."

With that, she took my penis and put it up against
her asshole.  I had never had anal sex before, but my urges were keeping
me from thinking too much.  I pushed a little and I went right in.
Obviously she was experienced at this.  There wasn't the usual pain
or extreme tightness I had always heard about.  She seemed to just
open up and let me in. It's kind of hard to describe the feeling, but once
I was fully buried deep inside her, Sandy clamped down on the base of my
cock and literally pulled the cum from my balls.  It was the most
curious, but satisfying sensation.

The description here leaves out all my screaming
and her moaning.  I didn't think you'd be interested in reading all
the graphic details.  Some of these stories describe the wads of thick
sticky cum pulsing from a straining love stick into the hungry hole of
a vixen.  But I think you probably get my style by now...and that
ain't it!  The details are up to your imagination.  And don't
worry, you're probably right. So what happened after the shower? 
Not much.  We dried each other off.  There was lots of giggling
and carrying on.  I put on my clothes.  Sandy put on a sexy red
rubber hobble dress (zipper left up to the knees).  We kissed. 
She walked me to my car.  We kissed some more. Sandy went back into
the shop.  And I drove home.

There's no point romancing this part up. 
It's not as exciting as the rest of the stuff.  Besides, I've had
enough writing for today.  I'll tell you more another time.

Part
6

I couldn't wait to see her again.  It had
been a long night (and day).  All I could think about was our first
date.  It seems silly I know, but I was already falling pretty hard
for her. The trip down that country road seemed so much shorter this time. 
I smiled to myself as I passed the spot where I first saw Sandy...where
I picked her up...the road into her place. I had the essential first-date
butterflies as I parked my car next to Kim's at the side of the house. 
I rang the bell at the front, but there was no answer.  Figuring that
Sandy must still be working, I headed around to the shop. 
Kim greeted me with a big smile, "I don't know
exactly what's going on with you two, but Sandy's been a mess all day! 
She's been singing and laughing and knocking stuff over...way to go Jake!"
"Where is she?"
"She's in her office.  She thought you'd
be here soon, so she wanted to finish up a couple of sketches.  Get
work totally off her mind, ya know? So what are the plans for tonight? 
She wouldn't tell me."
"That's because she doesn't know", I retorted. 
"Probably dinner.  Maybe we'll go dancing. We'll see."

"Dinner and dancing?  Wow.  That really
does sound like a date!", Kim sounded truly surprised.
"Why do you two have such a problem with going
out on a date?"
"Listen Jake, it's not that we have a problem
with it.  It's just that Sandy Tyte going on a date is pretty unusual. 
She's like the queen of fetish fashion.  Anyone into the scene here
in the city knows Sandy.  You don't just go on a \*date\* with her. 
If she chooses you, you are expected to do what ever she wants.  Kind
of an unwritten law or something.  Sandy doesn't go on \*dates\*."

"Well tonight she is.", I was starting to feel
uneasy about the whole thing when Sandy came out of her office.
"Jake!  I thought I heard voices. 
You ready to go?"  Sandy looked stunning.  She was wearing a
purple latex mini dress and matching purple ankle boots with a 5" heel. 
She had on a wild-looking red wig and spectacular makeup. "So what do you
think?", she said turning around for me.
"I'm speechless Sandy...you look fantastic." 
I was actually a little concerned about what people might think when we
got to the restaurant.
We walked out to the car together and drove off
into the sunset.

"I was thinking Sandy...we don't have to go through
with the dating thing if you don't want to."
"Why the sudden change of heart Jake?  I
thought you meant what you said about getting to know each other?"
"I did.  I did...it's just that Kim said
this wasn't what you normally did...that you were pretty famous and..."
"Kim!  Well Kim should mind her own business. 
Jake, I'm not going to lie to you.  You already know I'm a little
different.  I am very well known in the fetish scene, and it could
be a little strange for both of us for a while.  Public appearances
in \*straight\* places may cause some rumblings in the media.  You know,
\*Rubber Fashion Queen seen with Regular Guy\*..."

"I'm not so sure I like the sounds of that!",
not that I was afraid to be seen with her in public, but that I was going
to be known as \*Regular Guy\*.  It has a nasty ring to it, don't you
think?
"I'm just warning you Jake.  It may happen...it
may not."
"Maybe if you didn't dress so flashy, you wouldn't
be noticed..." (did I just say that?!  And on a first date yet!)
"Now hold on buster!  You're the one who
wants to do the \*normal dating\* thing.  I'm going along with it because
I like the idea of getting to know one another.  But I sure as hell
am NOT changing the way I look, act, eat, sleep, breath, shit...!"
"Ok, ok!  Take it easy!  That didn't
come out exactly right..."
"It shouldn't have come out at all Jake. 
Maybe this whole thing was a bad idea..."
"No, Sandy...you're right.  Kim's comments
have me worried that I'm not good enough for you. That's all."

<Guys...handy tip: in a difficult argument
situation, try to block by admitting fault quickly (I'm sorry, you're right
- is always good) then try to shift conversation laterally...when in doubt,
think of football plays and translate them to conversation.  Early
relationship arguments cannot be won on your own!>

"Oooh...Kim!  I'll have a word with her tomorrow."
"No, Sandy.  I want her and I to be friends. 
Let's just let it go.  There's no sense getting off on the wrong foot."
And that was the last time I ever approached
the subject of dressing down.

The rest of the drive was great.  We laughed
and talked about everything under the sun.  I pulled up in front of
the little Italian bistro.  Walked around and opened the door for
her.  I didn't need to see them, I could \*feel\* every set of eyes
on both sides of the street zero in on our location...or rather Sandy's
location...I became invisible.
"Did you know everyone within a square kilometre
is looking at you", I managed through the side of my mouth.
"Well I hope so!  I look pretty damn good
tonight if I do say so."  We laughed and I took her into the restaurant
on my arm.  I've gotta say, it makes a guy feel really good when he
is seen with someone who looks like Sandy.  Pack your bags, we're
goin' on an ego trip!

The maitre'de nearly fell over when we stepped
up.  "Two for non-smoking?...uh yes sir, right this way."
"No, wait...we want to sit outside on the patio,
don't we Jake?  It's such a nice night."
"You heard the lady.  On the patio", I echoed.
"Yes sir."  By this point the whole restaurant
was staring.
We were seated right out by the sidewalk. 
It was kind of fun actually.  Anytime a passerby got a good look at
Sandy, they couldn't stop staring and usually crashed into something. 
It made for great dinner entertainment. I felt particularly sorry for our
waiter.  The poor kid must have been right out of high school and
his hormones had never seen anyone quite like Sandy before.  The erection
in his pants was so painfully obvious, I thought he was going to bump into
something and break it.

Just before our desert arrived, something nasty
- yet surprisingly wonderful happened.  Our conversation had become
quite intense.  We were talking about me losing my job and having
difficulty paying the rent, when this guy comes out of nowhere, stands
almost on top of me and starts asking Sandy for her autograph. Sandy saw
how he had intruded into our space and our conversation and told him that
he was rude, and no she would not give him her autograph.
"But Ms. Tyte", he begged, "My mistress saw you
here and instructed me to come to you for an autograph."
"Really.  Jake, honey, can I borrow your
cell phone?"
I handed it to her around the guy not knowing
what she was going to do.  To this day, I don't think he knew I was
there.
"Dial you mistress' number, say hello and give
me the phone", the guy took the phone and just looked at her...dumbfounded,
"NOW!" He dialled, waited as it rang, greeted his mistress (with respect)
and handed the phone to Sandy's outstretched hand.

"This is Sandy Tyte speaking.  How dare you
interrupt my dinner with such rudeness?! ...I don't care who you are or
who your flunky is, I don't respond to rudeness, and I'm certainly not
jeopardizing a wonderful evening out with my boyfriend to cater to your
trophy collecting.  Don't disturb me again!!"
Did she say wonderful evening...and boyfriend?!? 
I wonder how much room is on cloud nine anyway?
The minion was so humiliated (the raucous had
been noticed by the entire east side of the city) he scampered off without
so much as a squeak.

"I'm so sorry Jake.  I was afraid this might
happen...and after everything that was said in the car..."
"Did you call me your boyfriend?"
"Well, yes.  I guess I did."
"That's a big step after only knowing each other
for 24 hours."
"Yah, I guess it is.  Are you okay with
that?"
"To be the boyfriend of Sandy Tyte of Tyte-Fit? 
Sounds all right to me."

Before the waiter came to pick up the check, Sandy
said, "Watch this!".  She closed her eyes and appeared to be concentrating
really hard.  She opened her eyes and smiled at me, "Look!" 
We both stared at her chest.  Her nipples were harder than I'd seen
them yet.  The purple rubber showed off the peaks with incredible
detail.
"Wow", I was amazed.
"It's a gift", she giggled.
The waiter came around the corner to our table
and dropped the tray with the mints and bill onto the patio.  When
he finally got it to our table, he was the most pleasant shade of red you
could imagine!

With little debate, we decided to forego dancing
and went for a walk down by the beach instead. It was nice.  We walked
and talked and shared an ice cream.  We sat down on a park bench to
finish the ice cream when Sandy started to smear it all over her rubber
covered tits.
"I seem to have spilled."
"Like hell you did.  I suppose you want
me to do something about that?"
Sandy's nipples went erect again.  "Do you
think you can resist?"
"No."  I wrapped my arms around her little
rubber body and licked the melted ice cream from her breasts.  I teased
her nipples with my teeth, pulling and sucking at their rubber covering.

Sandy took my hand and guided it up her short
skirt, between her legs.  I could feel the heat, but was frustrated
by her latex panties. She looked me right in the eyes and said, "Make me
come.  Go down on me and make me come in my latex panties."
"Here?"
"Now!  Do it!  You're driving me crazy!"
She spread her legs and let her skirt roll up to her hips.  She slid
forward on the bench and pulled on her panties to force them into her crack. 
I looked from side to side, but the boardwalk was deserted.  So I
slowly planted a soft kiss on her rubber mound.  Her heat was incredible! 
I pressed harder with my tongue as if trying to penetrate the rubber covering. 
I located her clit and moved in with everything I had. I began to play
with her cheeks, trying to slide a finger past her thong and into her asshole,
when I came upon something in my way!  It was a hard rubber dildo
built into the panties.  I pulled it out a bit and she moaned with
delight.  It was pretty big for her petite frame.  It had been
in there the whole time!  I was so turned on at this point that I
started to work the dildo in and out of her as my tongue danced all over
her pussy.  I looked up at her and she was biting her bottom lip while
pinching her nipples for all she was worth.

Sandy snorted a couple of times before finally
gripping my head with her legs and shaking as her orgasm washed over her.
I pulled my head from between her legs and saw an older couple looking
back at us in disgrace. We both laughed and straightened ourselves up.
What a night!  We continued for the next two weeks enjoying some really
great dates together.  If I wasn't out looking for work, I was spending
all my time with Sandy. I would go to her shop and just sit and watch her
work.  It was fantastic.  Life was fantastic!  The only
problem was, I hadn't found a job, I was out of money, and my landlord
refused to extend my rent date.  (I think he had already promised
my suite to someone else)

So anyway, here I was...no job, no money, and
in two days...no home.  What would you do if you were in my place?

[The
story continues in](tyte_fit4.html)
[Part
Four](tyte_fit4.html)
