---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Someone To Love
authors:
- Rubberking
tags:
- FM
- latex
- cons
- X
date: 2004-10-22 00:00:00
---

Warning!  This story is intended for persons over the age of eighteen
and should not be viewed by those under that age or the legal age of consent
where you live.
If you are underage or are offended by Adult material: Read no further!
Warning! This story contains aspects of sexual intercourse, rubber fetishism
and other sexual acts and practices that may be offensive to some people.
This story is for Adults ONLY! If you don’t like seeing things such as
this, Please, read no further.
Unless authorized by the writer, this story is considered copyrighted
and is the intellectual property thereof. Please do not post to pay sites
or any place else with out the authors permission. Thank you and please
enjoy.

**Someone To Love**
**By Rubberking**
©2003

Rose felt the rain pattering down on her hood and felt like crying again.
But tears wouldn’t come any more, she’d used them all up for the moment
it seemed.
Biting her lower lip, she sat on the bus-stop bench and waited for
the transit to arrive. Why she bothered, she didn’t know. She had no one
waiting on her at home anymore, now that mama had passed away a month ago.
She felt adrift, more so than she had in her whole, miserable life.

Life had been hard for her, and had dealt her a bad hand from the beginning.
Born underweight, she’d been plagued with medical problems of many sorts
from the day she emerged, not even crying, from her sickly mother’s womb.
She’d been told she’d spent the first three months of her life in an incubator,
depending on tubes for everything from air, to nourishment, to fluids.
Unable even to experience a human touch the whole time excepting changes
of her tiny diapers, her first contact with the world insulated by the
nurses rubber gloves and lying on a rubber sheet under a tiny woolen blanket.
Her birth almost cost her her mother’s life and there were to be no brothers
or sisters to share her life with afterwards, already she was alone.

As she grew, her mother’s frequent sicknesses meant that she more often
than not was cradled in the arms of strangers, never really bonding with
her own mother, though her proud father doted on her whenever he found
the time between work and trying to look out after both her mother and
herself at home. She remembered his craggy, softly smiling face as he would
take her from the nurse’s gloved hands and cuddle her, letting her feel
his rough, stubbly face as he smiled and whispered to her until she’d fall
asleep and be tucked into her tiny bassinette where he would watch over
her until he retired for the evening. His was the first non in-tactile
intimacy she enjoyed, his sour breath, his rough hands and furry arms and
raspy flannel shirts. Whatever loss of imprinting she’d been denied, she
attached to him and to the many nonsterile things he did and wore.

At three, still sickly, he’d dress her in little rainsuits and tiny
rubber boots and take her fishing and walking, though her mother feebly
protested against it, in the rain and snow and along the beaches and in
the forests, teaching her about nature, her world and about so many other
things besides. Her mother put her in little dresses, tights and cramped
shoes, treating her as if she were one of her many dollies. She demurred
because it pleased her mama, but the itching was horrible to bear. Her
father noticed the redness and took her to the doctors, who said she had
a sensitivity to cotton and many man-made textile materials, and advised
him and his wife that she needed to have crèmes rubbed on her and
suggested they buy her latex attire to cover her sensitive skin until she
could grow inured to the sensitivity and hopefully resume wearing normal
attire as she got older.

This suited her mother, already sickly, since rubber sheets, aprons,
boots and shoes were already prominent parts of their home-life. Her mother
sat down with her, looking through specialty catalogs of fashions and had
Rosalyn pick out her own clothes to suit her tastes and needs. The little
kids in the neighborhood teased her about it sometimes, but since they
were young, it hardly became an issue until she started school.
Then her hell began.

Still unable to tolerate normal attire for more than a few hours at
a time, smeared with unguents under her little latex clothes she wore under
her outer cloth attire, from the first moment she entered kindergarten,
they teased and picked on her for her being different from them, pushing
her down in the play yard, tossing fluids on her and dancing rings around
her as they chanted hurtful things about her until she cried and curled
up in a little ball until they’d lose interest and go away, leaving her
hurt and sobbing, never understanding why they had to be so mean.

Her father would pick her up in the afternoons, and she’d latch onto
him like a lifesaver and cry and cry as he tried to sooth her and then
they’d go home and everything would be better, far away from pain and hurt
and awful children. She’d climb into bed with mama, under her mothers rubber
bedsheets and be warm and safe there. Sometimes daddy would join them and
that was when she felt the safest in the whole world. She was a model child,
even for a girl. Always respectful, kind, appreciative, kind and helpful,
a bright and pretty little bird, her father called her.

During her endless days when not in school, she helped her near-bedridden
mother about the house and played in her fathers garage and if outside,
in his underground cinderblock bomb shelter left over from the fifties
where he kept his fishing and outdoor gear and swimming and diving equipment,
playing dress-up in the oversized waders and skin-diving suits and many
other things he kept there, his collection of military gasmasks fascinated
her and she loved the odd sounds and noises everything made as she pretended
to be monsters from space and other things she watched on her parents new
television, endlessly watching science fiction movies and educational programs
her father liked to watch about diving and fishing. She thought little
about the rubber and latex things she wore, it was all a normal part of
life to her, but she noticed that other children and their parents didn’t
wear such things and that reinforced her sense of ‘otherness’ and difference
from other people.

She made a few friends amongst the neighborhood children, all girls,
and they played together and had fun, but always her attire made her stand
out and as she became older, her friends all went away it seemed. Her first
year of regular school was even worse than her kindergarten  years,
she was underdeveloped, tiny and even though she could tolerate wearing
a cotton or silk dresses for longer and longer periods over her pale skin,
she still had to wear latex tights and long-sleeved shirts under her clothes
if she didn’t want to itch like crazy or break out in suppurating rashes.
At home, in her room, she ran around naked and enjoyed the freedom of being
bare-skinned, but most of the time she just wore her little frog-girls
suits and didn’t worry about it. At school, the other girls and boys were
incredibly mean to her, nicknaming her “Rubber-Rosalyn, the Martian mistress”
and harassing her whenever there wasn’t any adult present to stop them
bullying her.

This continued throughout her school years, causing her no end of grief.
Then, one day when she was about eleven, she was out walking in the rain,
and met a little boy out in the downpour, also walking around aimlessly,
dressed much like she was, in a bright yellow rubber rainsuit, yellow rainboots
and a big rubber rainhat. Curious, she went up to him and said hi.

“Hello.” He said back. “My name is Bill Richards and we just moved here
from British Columbia, that’s in Canada. What’s your name?”

Thrilled that he hadn’t run away, and actually wanted to talk to her,
she replied with a little smile. “Roselyn Crieft. I live down the street.
Wanna play with me?”

“Sure.” He said, smiling back at her. “If you don’t mind playing with
boys. Everything’s so different here, everyone too. I’d like someone to
play with, if you’d like?”

Feeling warm at his attention, she grabbed his hand and she took him
on a tour of the area, showing him lots of neat things, big flooding creeks,
how the carousel in the flooded kiddy-park covered in water when it rained
and they found crayfish swept out of their holes and played with them,
and many other neat little things she knew about from her endlessly lonely
days of hiding from the other children in the wilderness areas around their
neighborhood. He took her to his house, and she met his parents and they
liked her right off. His mother even commenting on how cute she looked
in her little rain-gear and floppy hat.

He showed her his collection of toys and games and later they snuck
out and he showed her some his fathers own frogman’s outfits in the garage,
he was very proud of his father who was a professional underwater welder
and diver. They played happily until dinner was called by his mother from
the back porch, who saw them trying to sneak out of the garage and laughed
that if they weren’t careful, he’d have her looking like a space-monster
before long. And so began her first real friendship, and later, her first
romance, with little Bill Richards. But all that came later, as we shall
see. She made her way home, skipping, and as happy as a lark.
As soon as she was home, she confided in her mama that she’d met a
new friend, a boy, a boy like her. Tolerantly, her mother approved, and
called Bill’s parents up after dinner and had a long talk with her father,
and all the parents seemed to approve of the budding friendship.

After that, if she wasn’t home, she was over at Bill’s or Billy’s as
his parents called him, though he never called himself that, and so she
didn’t either. And they had great fun together, flopped down in front of
Bill’s parents awesome new color TV watching movies, reading from both
their parents large collections of books, playing with toys or sports equipment
from their fathers garages, playing silly games and generally have fun.

When school started, she feared going back, unable to cope with the
teasing. But Bill stood up for her, personally leading her into school
in her new dress, now that she could stand wearing it for an entire day,
looking like any normal little fifth-grade girl. Though Bill was small
himself, he was wiry and his father had taught him well about self-defense,
and when one of the bullies tried to push her around, he knocked the stuffing
out of him, earning himself a suspension on his very first day at school.
Bill seemed so strong, and kind, that Rose felt all warm and funny inside,
she had her mother excuse her from the rest of the day thru the office
just so she could go home with Bill and explain to his parents what had
happened and that it was all her fault really. Luckily, they understood
and seemed quite taken to seeing her in a cloth-dress for a change, and
asked her about it as she unconsciously scratched, a rash already popping
up from the contact-dermatitis. They seemed concerned about it, and after
she’d gone home, her father went over and they had an ‘adult-talk’ about
her condition, Bill told her the next day, this time back in her suit under
her normal clothing.

One day she was horrified to find herself bleeding from her lower body,
and her mother heard her cries and shuffled out of bed and into the bathroom
to find her sobbing and covered in thick, gooey, coppery smelling blood
that she couldn’t get off her hands and had rubbed into her face in her
horror. Her mother put her in the tub and washed her, blood still trickling
down her thighs, and explained about menstruation and that she was a woman
now, and showed her about pads and tampons and gave her cookies as she
gave her “The Talk” about her changing body and what it meant to her life.
About boys, and something called Sex and how babies were made and born
and about the cycle of life.

She herself was attentive, but she had these painful cramps in her tummy
and mama told her that was normal and to expect this and the bleeding every
twenty-eight days or so, and to keep a calendar of her periods to keep
track of it in case something went wrong so they could tell the doctor.
She also made an appointment with a Gy-no-call-i-gist for Roselyn and told
her she would go with her because daddies were uncomfortable about things
like this. Her mother hugged her and kissed her and said she was now a
woman and that great things were going to happen for her. It was the closest
her and her mother had ever been that afternoon, with the cookies and milk
and Women’s talk. But her tummy still hurt and her chest felt strangely
puffy and sore…

The lady-doctor had been nice, even if she touched her in ways mama
had told her no adult was supposed to down there. The lady explained about
the soreness in her chest, saying that soon she would develop breasts like
her mother had and like all women had, they were for feeding babies and
that they felt nice and made boys notice you. Rose didn’t care about that,
she already liked Bill and didn’t want to be noticed by other boys, they
scared and frightened her, and most other girls did too.  The doctor
gave her a stack of pamphlets to read and some pills for the cramps and
her mother bought her ice-cream on the way home and that was fun.

A month or two passed, and her chest was sore all the time, but now
she had these big, puffy mounds growing there, and the other girls poked
fun at her because not only was she growing them, but her skin-rashes came
back with a vengeance and she couldn’t go out for gym wearing a frog-girls
suit without them mocking her horribly and so she sat on the sidelines,
again wishing she was more like everyone else instead of being a freak
like she was. Sometimes, especially around her ‘time of the month’ she
cried for no reason and felt either oddly detached or really, really down
and though she knew this was because of her period, that didn’t make her
feel any better at all. Bill was her constant companion, her bestest friend.
He never made fun of her, even let her cry against him when her moods swung
wildly and held her hand and talked to her when she was down in the dumps.
Things were changing with him too though, he was getting bigger and was
growing muscles and his voice started cracking, making him embarrassed
to talk sometimes, so she talked for him to spare him like he did for her
when she needed it

One day, when they were walking home from school in the rain, she felt
a strange urge to kiss him and did, and then they kissed and kissed and
wound up under a tree kissing and holding and stroking each other. She
felt all hot inside and while she was kissing him, she felt down his pants
and did a bad thing and touched him between his legs, and he groaned as
if in pain. She drew back, afraid, but he kissed her back, held her hand
there and she felt him shudder and then relax like after doing something
hard like lifting a heavy box or something and he just smiled and kissed
her.

“What happened” she asked, still feeling all hot inside and not knowing
why, but knowing she’d done something she shouldn’t.

“I donno, but I feel all wet and sticky in my underpants now…” he replied,
and opened his coat and pants to show her that it was true. There was a
lot of whiteish, sticky goo in his underwear, she touched it and his stiff
little thing and he groaned and more goo came out the end. She tasted it,
it was a little salty and actually tasted pretty good to her. But they
both knew they’d done something they weren’t supposed to and quickly zipped
him up and they went home and said nothing more about it then. She asked
her mom about it, and her mama got a strange look on her face and asked
how she knew about that?

Rose tried to explain about what had happened and her mother looked
worried and told her she should wait until she was older to play like that
with little Bill, that other adults would get upset if they knew what they’d
done. Mama told her that kissing was all right, but not to let any boy
put his thing inside her, or she’d have a baby and that would ruin her
chances of going to university when she got older. Then, smiling wistfully,
mama told her that boys could be very persuasive in trying to get their
‘Penis’s’ into girls, because it felt good for them too, and that mama
knew she’d felt all hot because that was her body trying to make her want
to become a mommy herself. They then had a talk about ways to please a
boy without doing sex, one way was what she had done without meaning to,
called masturbation. Girls did it too, and it felt really good, but not
to lose her head and have sex because she and Bill were too young yet to
be grown-ups.

Daddy came home not long after and seemed pleased to find mama and Rose
spending more time together. He wondered why they both smiled so strangely
at him after he’d said this and the ladies just laughed coyly.

Summer came, and the mounds on her chest were still very sore and very
big and so she went to the doctor again. The lady doctor was kind again
this time and took some measurements and some blood and scraped the outside
of one breast making Rose hiss with pain, then went away for a time. When
the doctor returned, she told Rose and her mama that she had a big-sounding
condition that meant that she was going to have very large breasts indeed
for one so young and that the doctor hoped her body would grow into them,
but that for now there was nothing she could do beside give her some de-sensitizing
cream to help with the soreness and to keep wearing her suits and using
the skin creams too for the time being and suggested to her mother that
perhaps she was ‘grown-up enough for her first brassiere?’

Her mother beamed, and even though tired and wan, took her on her first
shopping trip ever for women’s things. She found out quickly that she couldn’t
wear one of the things that strapped around her small chest for very long,
and that the salesladies were amazed that she had such a big ‘rack’ for
such a tiny girl, but they took her measurements and fitted her out with
a size 24-D cup and told her mother where they could order latex ones in
her size from a custom maker once her mama had explained about her skin
problems. One of the ladies called it ‘kinky’ and she asked her mama what
that meant on the walk home.

Mama explained that often, when people wore something like latex it
was called that because people often had things called fetishes, meaning
that they liked a certain article of clothing to be worn by their ‘lover’
or boyfriend in her case or that a boy or man might wish her to wear something
like that and that it would make them feel all hot like she’d felt when
she was kissing Bill that time. In fact, most people that saw her that
didn’t know about her condition might assume that she had a fetish for
the latex that she wore and slept on at home, so she should be careful
about telling people she didn’t know about it or that they might think
the wrong thing about her.

“But mama, do I have a ‘fetish?’” Rose asked, she didn’t want anyone
being mean to her and thought she now understood why she’d been picked
on so much. She didn’t want to be this way, but she couldn’t help it, it
was her body that had done this to her!

“I don’t know honey.” Replied her mother. “Do you like wearing your
rubber things?”

She thought about it, then said morosely. “I like the way they feel,
does that make me a freak mama?”

“No dear.” Said her mother, hugging her as they walked up their front
steps. “You’re not a freak in any way, you’re just a little girl who likes
wearing what she likes, just like any other little girl does. Understand?”

“I think so mama. Can I take the bra off now that we’re home, it itches…”
she replied, scratching at the sides.

“Of course dear. But if you get much bigger, you’ll need to wear one
all the time or your back will hurt, ok? I’ll order you some in the morning
from the catalog if you’ll look thru it and pick out some styles you like,
fair enough darling?”

“Yes mama, I will.” She promised

Things were changing all around her, and she didn’t like it. Whenever
Bill saw her these days, he turned all red in the face and acted all funny
around her, and often stared at her growing chest for long periods of time,
making her vaguely uncomfortable. They were becoming an item in any case,
and now the girls that had teased her came to her and asked her for advise
on how to attract boys, but she had no idea what they meant. Others seemed
jealous of her and were very mean to her, calling her “Rosie rubber-boobs”
and other hateful things, she just ignored them for the most part. Other
boys though were starting to stare at her with that same hungry look in
their eyes that Bill had and several times, Bill got mad and beat them
up, getting himself in trouble again and she felt just awful about it.

It seemed like she’d gained some strange power over boys and it made
her totally uncomfortable, mama said it wasn’t her fault and that it was
because the boys were themselves becoming men and had to deal with men’s
hormones and not to worry about it and just be her sweet self and she’d
be fine. Something else had happened too, when she’d started changing,
she often felt all hot and if she touched her private parts, she’d find
them wet with secretions that came from her vagina, often she’d rub herself
and she’d feel all tingly and nice and more of the wetness would coat her
busy little hands and she daydream about Bill kissing her and doing things
to her body and she’d shiver and shake like a leaf and something would
feel like it was building up inside her until she’d have to bite her lip
and bury her face in a pillow as the tension would release and she’d collapse,
feeling all mellow and satisfied like after eating chocolates or ice cream.
This hotness happened at strange times too, riding a bicycle, jogging and
especially after she’d been kissing with Bill. Mama said it was her body
experiencing sexual pleasure and trying to make her want to make a baby,
and to be careful not to have sex but to enjoy it as a wonderful, private
thing of her very own.

She went to the library, and started reading about sex and how it worked
and what to do and not to do and how a girl got pregnant and what a girl
could do to keep that from happening, she learned about the pill, and prophylactics
and more about how to satisfy a boy without having intercourse. To say
that Bill was pleased seemed an understatement, when she explained all
this to him and then offered to help him, you’d have thought she’d given
him the best gift in the world, and in a way, perhaps she had. Whenever
they found time and privacy, she’d masturbate him with her hands and let
him hold and play with her breasts and body, and often she reached a climax
with him, showing him how to touch her to make her feel good too. She liked
the taste of his sperm and on really special occasions, would give him
fellatio by sucking and licking on his big angry-looking red-topped penis
until he’d orgasm in her mouth and smiling, she’d drink it all and feel
very satisfied indeed.

Her sixteenth birthday came, and her mama got out of bed long enough
to arrange a big party for her and other girls her age with the help of
the other mothers and there was a big boy-girl dance afterwards. She actually
managed to wear a nice dress for the entire evening without itching and
the underthings her mama gave her to wear actually made her feel extra
special and grown up like a fully grown woman. The heels took some getting
used to, and she found she really liked wearing something that allowed
her to be nearly as tall as Bill who’d shot up hugely overnight it seemed
to the both of them. He looked so handsome in his suit and dancing with
him made her feel safe and protected and very, very warm and damp in her
silken underwear and actual stockings like mama wore when she dressed up,
like tonight. Mama looked so happy, and cried on her daddies shoulder most
of the night. She was glad they seemed so happy, she hoped she and Bill
could be like that someday. She was happy too.

A year passed.

Life can be cruel, and she knew this but you don’t think about it until
something awful happens to you personally. Daddy was at work and had some
pains in his chest and before the ambulance could get there, he’d collapsed
and died. After the funeral, mama just took to her bed and seemed to have
died inside herself, though she was still breathing, eating and talking.
Rose took over for daddy as best she could, taking a job at the local café,
looking out for her mama and making sure she ate, but her own spirit flickered
and sputtered and almost died in her own heart. She lost interest in everything,
her grades slipped and though Bill did everything he could to help and
comfort her, she wasn’t the same person any more. Then his father took
another job in another state and they had to move away, and though Bill
wanted to stay, his family needed him too. In the end, they spent a night
together, had sex for the first and last time, with protection. And she
let him walk out of her life.

She finished out her senior year with a B average, but her grades meant
that she couldn’t get a full scholarship to the local college and so she
let that dream go as well.  Her skin had finally cleared up fully,
but she still wore her latex attire around the house and under her work
uniform for the sad comfort it gave her, she’d developed her fetish throughout
her life and it was all she felt she had left that was something of her
very own. Daddies insurance left them well enough off, but that didn’t
mean anything when he was gone and mama was almost too weak to talk to
her anymore, sinking under the loss of lost love. Rose fed her like a baby
for almost a year, had to put her in diapers so she didn’t mess herself
and soon had to call in a nurse to help take care of her until daddies
lawyer one day told her that it was in mama’s best interests that she be
put in a rest home, and that she should ready herself for the worst. Mama
was dying.

She got a call late one night when she was asleep and took a taxi to
the rest home as fast as the driver could get there, it was time. The doctor
held her hand and told her a lot of medical jargon for what was happening
to her mother and in the end, left her in the tiny room that smelled like
urine and despair and she sat with her mama for the last time, holding
her cool hand and crying until she thought she would die of the pain. About
the time the sun rose, mama was gone. She hadn’t stirred or fought or spoke
a word, she just gave a little sigh and quit breathing and living and being.
Rose lay down in the bed with her cooling body and held her mama and stroked
her hair, wet with Rose’s tears until the nurses came and gently took her
away from there and sent her home in a cab. The entire day passed while
she sat numb and bereft and feeling what it was like to be totally alone
for the first time in her entire life. Words didn’t encompass the event,
it was like a hole open and bleeding in her soul. She was alone, no family,
no one she really called a friend, no one. Her boss didn’t even call for
two days and then only to tell her she could pick up her final paycheck
whenever she wished. Yea, kick a dog when she’s down why don’t ya…

Rose, the minister and daddies lawyer were the only ones that came to
the simple grave-side service. The cleric talked about life everlasting
in the kingdom of heaven, but she was inured to the concept. All she could
hope for was that somewhere, mama and daddy were together again and happy,
she knew however that she was not. The very next day, she started hunting
for work again, idle hands and all that, her father used to say…

She was tired of waiting tables though, and the office work bored her
silly. On her way home every day, she passed by the Adult Mega-complex
and often, smiling slightly to think that people actually got paid to take
their clothes off and show their bodies, she’d watch the hawker and the
little teaser-cam of the strip-shows from outside. Next to this building,
was an attached Adult-bookstore.

One day, she got up the nerve to go inside and have a look around, after
all, what did she have to fear from naked bodies?

There were a handful of men, trying not to look at her she noticed,
and one or two couples and even a scattering of women in here, looking
at the magazines, sex-films and adult toys. The place was remarkably clean
and modern, not what she’d expected at all. She walked along the glass-fronted
cases, shaking her head and giggling at the huge selection of vibrators
and other sex toys when a tow-headed young man looked over the raised counter
from above it’s raised base and looked her up and down in her rubber trenchcoat,
new catsuit and Wellington lady-jane rainboots and asked if he could help
her or if he could get one of the lady-clerks to assist her in looking
at anything?

“No, that’s fine. What does this one do, that looks cute?” she asked,
pointing shyly at a purple and clear-skinned vibrating dildo with a cute
little bunny on the side and purple beads inside.

The man pulled it out and flicked a switch on the remote, the bunny
started dancing wildly and the shaft started twisting and moving the beads
around under the clear skin, it went Reeewwweeeeewwwweeee loudly as it
stirred and wiggled and twisted in the half-chuckling man’s hands and unable
to help herself, she laughed loudly and tried to cover her face, delighted.

 Leaning further over the case, the man looked her up and down
again, and stunned her by asking straight out. “Tell ya what, employees
get a fifty percent discount, how would you like a job Miss? I need another
female clerk, and frankly, you look the part. Rubberist, right?”

“eeer, I donno. I do need a job, but…”

“Pays twelve-fifty, but for you, I’ll bump that to twenty an hour, plus
time and a half for overtime, and you can dress as you like. Whatta ya
say?” the man offered.

Still undecided, she asked. “Like this?” she said, motioning her hands
up and down to show her attire.

“Sure thing. Any way you like, and you make your own hours as long as
it fits into the shift-calendar. Beside, people like you get a draw, something
we can use this time of year, and you’re a woman besides, double draw,
haven’t you noticed? You’re hot-stuff ma’am! Come on, you’ll like it and
I make a good boss, ask any of the other ladies, they’ll tell ya.”

“People like me?” she said, perplexed.

“Yeah, rubberist’s, right? Hey, we like any sexual orientation around
here, and yours is rare, and by law we have to support your lifechoice
and lifestyle, right? The mag’s about your group are all in the back row,
so I’ve seen ya before, and you look right, not like a dressed-up stripper
or a housewife just out to throw her husband a curve, you look like a lifestyler,
am I right?” He said, looking askance at her.

All Rose could think was, huh?

“Pardon me, I don’t mean to sound dense, but… you called me a ‘rubberist’
and I’m actually a fetishist, and I’ve never heard that other term before.
Could you show me what you mean? Please?” she inquired, still perplexed.

“Sure thing, give me a sec to come around…” the man said kindly.

He took her to the back of the store, the few milling patrons parting
easily and one tipped a hat to her, all smiled like she was pretty or something,
and stopped before a bank of shelves that held fetish magazines and books
and picked a copy of a large-sized magazine called, as he’d called her
earlier, Rubberist and handed it to her to look at.

Oh my god, she thought, I never knew, I thought I was alone mostly in
this… but no, the book was filled with pictures of people dressed as she
was, some even wearing full body-covering suits with masks attached to
they’re suits and things she’d only seen in passing in the catalogs her
mother had given her. “Here ya are, you’re one of them, right? It’s your
lifestyle, right?” asked the man, smiling broadly. She nodded, stunned
that he’d known her through this type of literature, it wasn’t pornographic,
just good clean latex-wearing people having a good time, and there were
fashion-style magazines too, though there were a few of those porno-type
too on the shelves nearby.

Gathering up copies of everything he had, she turned to him, gave the
man a smile and said. “You’re sure you want to hire me? I can run a register
and have experience dealing with the public and I’m a good worker, if you’re
sure about this?”

“As a heartbeat Miss. Come on in the back and we’ll get the paperwork
started.”

She took the job, the man’s name was Burt Ward (a la Batman and Robin,
he said) and she started that day, sitting at the counter, reading the
books and Magazines thru the day and assisting customers. To her surprise,
she found that she was considered a protected minority due to the recently
enacted laws protecting homosexuals, though she made it a point to tell
him she wasn’t like that. Burt laughed and said it didn’t matter, looking
like she did, she could sell soap to Fijians and not to worry about anything.

For the next three weeks, she worked the counter, only a few people
asked her a few questions about what she wore or where they could find
something like that and she’d explain about growing up with her condition
and where to order the catalogs she ordered from, but mainly she did the
same job as any clerk in any store anywhere for the most part, and she
was made welcome by the entire staff, she was happy again, and accepted.
But she was still lonely, a few of the patrons would ask her for her number
from time to time, but she wasn’t interested in that kind of relationship,
she wanted something like what she’d had with Bill. Her new vibrator got
good workouts, but it wasn’t the same by any means. The other women at
work nodded understandingly, saying that it was tough all over to find
a decent man, and sadly she agreed.

She took to crying again in her loneliness, and that brought her back
to where she was now, sitting on the bus-bench, mopping her face with a
tissue that was falling to pieces, just like her.

It was still raining, the pitter-patter drumming over her trenchcoat,
hat and boots, but she was still dry underneath, except for her eyes that
is. She hardly noticed when a man walked up and sat a little ways down
from her on the bench, then coughed to get her attention, finally she looked
up. The man was craggy-looking, square-jawed and dark-haired, in need of
a shave, but he was smiling kindly and was trying to offer her his handkerchief.
He was also dressed in a heavy rubber storm-coat over high boots or waders
and a so’wester hat, the rain rinsing down his coat in rivulets.

“Here Ms., you look like you could use this…” he said conversationally
as she smiled slightly and took the bit of cloth to dab her face with.
“Thank you.” Rose replied, picking her head up and giving him a grin in
thanks along with her words.

‘Say,” the man said, scooting a little closer. “Do you like long walks
in the rain? I know a little place down in the park by the creek that the
rushing water looks great by, would you care to see?”

Getting to her feet, she extended her hand, saying in reply. “I know
just the place, let’s go… my name’s Rose by the way. And I’m a Rubberist,
nice to meet you.”

    Fin.
