---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesad/cabdriversdreamcometrue3.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: 'Cabdrivers Dream come True 3: Discoveries'
authors:
- Harry
tags:
- Solo-M
- Sbf
- M/f
- D/s
- contract
- 24/7
- slave
- tease
- denial
- sex
- climax
- video
- cons
- X
---

story continues from [part two](cabdriversdreamcometrue2.html)

**Part 3: Discoveries**

**Chapter 1: Lessons**

When I got to Janicas house, she was already waiting for me, sitting at the front porch. I walked to her with uncertainty what was going to happen, or what she wanted to talk about. She looked a bit sad, and kept her gaze on the floor until I put my foot on the first step.

She stood up and came to hug me. Her grip held for some time, and when she finally let me go she said she was glad I came. Though I really didn´t hear that from her voice. Something was not right.

"Of course I would come. I was worried about you. Is everything ok?"

Janica replied "Let's get inside and get you that coffee first".

We went to sit to her kitchen and she poured for both of us. I just waited for her to start talking, but she seemed to be troubled. Like she didn´t know where to start. I had to break the silence. "You said there was something we needed to talk about...?" After couple moments of thinking, she started.

"Yes. And I have been thinking how to say this to you. My thoughts and emotions have been on a roller coaster since. At one point, they are climbing slowly up the hill, just to only come back down. Fast." I could see the tears in her eyes when she continued.

"When we were sitting on the bed, and I told you to leave, I was angry with you. Angry, shocked, scared... I felt you had betrayed me. My trust in you." I tried to say something, but she told me to wait until she had finished.

"Later that night, when I was lying on my bed, cursing your name and crying, I was sure I would never let you come inside this house again. Ever. You had crossed the line." She still kept her eyes on her coffee cup.

"But after sleeping over night, yesterday morning my feelings were totally different. Of course I remembered what had happened the night before, and it was the first thing on my mind. But when I laid on my bed, thinking back, how everything went, I started to feel the warmth growing inside me. My hands just went to my crotch and I started to masturbate. When I stuck my fingers inside my pussy and closed my eyes, I was again at your mercy. I remembered how scared I was at the moment, but then I also remembered how good your fingers felt inside me. And I couldn´t help myself. You were there again with me. Taking me without my will. And I have to say, that orgasm, what I then got, was something else. And it scared me. A lot." She took a sip from her coffee and continued.

"But then, I knew there was no real danger, since it was you the whole time. And when I closed my eyes again, I saw myself on the bed. Just like I was the first time you stepped into my bedroom. But instead of giving me the key, you made love to me for hours. Fucked me, used me without my consent. And those thoughts took me to another climax. When my head finished spinning, I felt empty. If I had my phone available, I would´ve called you right then and asked you to come and fuck me ´till I pass out. But when I got to my phone, the feeling was gone. And the fear had found its way back to my head again."

I just stared at her. Listening her words. Amazed. She was really something else. But most importantly, she seemed to be ok.

"It took me almost all day to get my head in order. Or so I thought I had done. I was like a spectator in my own mind, following my conflicted emotions in a raging battle inside my head. One part of my brains screamed for me to delete your number from my phone, and forget you for good. But the other part fought back. It told me how good it had all felt and how I was craving you to punish me for being a bad girl. I thought I was losing my mind." So, I wasn´t that bad judge of a character after all.

"When I woke up this morning, I kept thinking back of everything we had been through the past year. At some point it was clear to me. I knew it had to happen at some point. My own actions had lead me to that situation. I was going to keep playing my games until someone would stop it. One way or the other. I now know I had it coming. At first I was disappointed, that you, after all we had been through, were the one to be stopping me. But then again, the thought of you, taking me, using me, got me back to my dream world. " At that point I saw her slipping her left hand under the table and after couple seconds she showed me two very wet fingers. "Look at this", she said, "look what you do to me. All you need to do is to sit there in front of me, and I´m already soaking wet. What have you done to me?" It was now my time to talk, and hers to listen.

"The first time I walked to your bedroom, and saw you on your bed, I was living my fantasy. It was a dream come true for me. I had been fantasizing for a customer like you, stuck in her own bounds, and ready for me to use as I wish. But I´m not that kind of guy. I could never rape anyone. Even if I was sure she wouldn´t recognize me. That´s why it is called fantasy." She was again staring the table desk, sobbing.

"During this past year, I have been studying you. Your reactions. Your emotions. When having sex or just talking. Every time we had been together in the past, it has been a lesson for me. And every time I was sure I had learned something new about you. So I thought to give you what I thought you were craving. And now, after hearing what you just told me, was I really wrong? Every time when you were tied up, helpless, you were so fucking wet, that I thought if I put my face in use, I would drown in your juices. And when I twisted your nipple or spanked your ass, after the immediate feeling of pain went away, your body and face just asked for more." I took a moment, watching her reactions, and thinking what to say next.

"Your body obviously tries to tell you something. And if you want my advise, I would recommend you to listen what it tries to tell you. The fact that you are now dripping, might have nothing to do with me sitting here. Or it might have everything to do with it. Only your body knows that."

"Maybe it tries to tell you that there is still something what it craves. To be used. Roughly. Unwillingly. But with the last, I can´t help you. If you need someone to rape you, just to fulfill your dreams and desires, I´m not the guy for that. Even last time I was going to show my face to you and look how you react,  before sticking my cock in you. I wanted you to get the experience, and as close to the real one, as I can do, without being a real rape. I want you to know, that hurting you was never in my mind. Though I must admit, I had my own agenda too. Things were going the same path month after month. I wanted to spice the game up a little too." Her sobbing had stopped and she was drying her eyes. She looked at me and obviously noticed my waiting gaze.

"I do believe you, and I now understand why you did what you did. And for that, I´m even more grateful to you, for all you have done. And maybe that´s why I freaked out. I knew deep down that you couldn´t do that, but when things went on, I started to believe your words. You were quite convincing. Now when I think it again, I should´ve known from your touch. It was firm, but never too rough. I doubt a real rapist would care how he treats his prey." Her reply made me smile. "You can´t imagine how pleased I was, when I heard what you said. You knew I wouldn´t do that, you said it yourself then. Or yelled."

That broke the ice. In a blink of an eye, she was herself again. Tears were gone, and she even had a little smile on her face. I wondered, how she does that. Is there on/off switch somewhere she can control her emotions? Yeah, women are skillful rapid mind changers, but that happened too fast. But maybe it was nothing. She stood up and told me to wait. She went upstairs, and stayed there about 5 minutes. When she came back, she had her hands behind her back. I thought she must be joking, did she slip herself to cuffs, but no. She had something for me in both hands.

First she showed her left hand. There she had a plastic bag with my toys, which I bring with me, in it. She had that mysterious smile on her face again. "You forgot these. You can ditch the voice changer, but whatever you do, don´t throw the crop or the flogger away."

Next she showed her right hand. Again, unsealed envelope. So that´s what took her so long. She came to hug me, and stuffed it in my back pocket. "I have some office duties for tonight left. Do not open until you are home." She told me she would call me Friday, she needed couple days to herself.

When I got home, I almost shred the letter in a hurry. I wanted to see what she wrote this time. I have to admit, after my first amazement went by, I wasn´t that surprised what I found. Once again there was one folded piece of paper, like so many times before, but what was between got my attention. There were both keys to her handcuffs. Or just handcuffs, but I bet they were for hers. The letter was a bit longer this time.

Harry
I give these keys to You to show my trust in You. You might have guessed already, they are the only two keys for my handcuffs.
Those keys come with a function. When, or if, You want to try again, just a phone call, and I will be waiting for you.
Just like I was waiting for You on our first night.
You gave me a lot to think, and I am sure we will work this out. But now, please wait for my call first.
Yours
Janica

**Chapter 2: Discoveries**

I had to read the letter three times before putting it away. What she meant? To try again? Did she mean that when I was ready to rape her, just a phone call and I could? No, I made it very clear, that I wasn´t going to do that. Or did she try to tell me she wants to keep going like we used to? I don´t think so. Without something new or added, it would not last.

Or was it an invitation? An invitation to really take control? To fuck her as rough as I could? Possible.

Or could it be something else? Not to mention what. Maybe she will tell me if she calls Friday.

Friday came, and 7pm did her call.

"Hello Harry. Once again, I ask you to come over. I´d like to talk face to face, if you don´t mind."

"Now? Sure. Nothing much to do anyway. 30 minutes and I´m there."

"Perfect. I´ll make you some fuel by then." She meant my drug of choice, coffee.

I went to her house, and she asked me to come in. She had placed some snacks for us at the living room, with the coffee of course. She looked like she was excited, like she had something important to tell me. "Come on." She took a hold from my wrist, and started to pull me towards living room.

"Let´s have something to eat first, and then I have something I need to ask you."

I didn´t know what to say, and I was sure she wouldn´t tell me if I asked, so "Ok. First coffee, then talk." would have to do.

After we finished, she started to tell me about her idea.

"I have been thinking this a lot. Believe me, this is not one moments thought. And I have been afraid how you will react, when I ask you this."

Looked like she was gathering her thoughts. "Go on." She looked straight to my eyes and dropped the bomb.

"I would like you to make my decisions for me. For a specific, mutually agreed time. And with rules. Could you think yourself doing so?"

Now the meaning of the keys was clear to me. She would of course give me some time to think, and when, or if, I decided to accept her offer, she would be just a phone call away.

"You mean something like full time master/slave thing? I´m not sure I would be comfortable with that. Could you be more specific?" She knew I wasn´t going to give her a straight yes or no answer, and she started to open up her plan.

"Well yes. And no. Kind of. I don´t mean anything like you beating the shit out of me every time when I don´t do exactly as you have ordered. What I mean is, I would be there when you want me to be. Or when you need me to be. If you tell me to sit by your side and shut up, I would do so".

"If you tell me to suck your cock, maybe I´m not in a mood at that moment, but I still do it. And I will try to do as you say, as well as I can. I want you to do decisions like when I eat. Or when I sleep. If you want to put me in a cage, we will get here one and you can do so. Though I don´t prefer you doing that, but it would be up to you. If you don´t need me, or just don´t want my company, I would prefer it to be my free time. To do for example my needs, maybe even some shopping. But if you needed me, just a word and I would be there. Regardless of what I am doing. And sex. Well, again I would do just as you ask. Of course I would normally prefer to have at least something to say about when we would have sex, but basically you could take me any time you want. I won´t go into every little detail now, those can be discussed later. And I don´t expect you to answer me now, but when you have an answer, call me. Not before. But I bet you now have something you want to ask."

It wasn´t a warhead with atomic load, but it was a bit of a shock to me. She was really offering me keys to control her life.

"I don´t know where to start. First, what comes to mind, is do you expect me to come here after work and keep you in order the rest of the day? And free days all day?" Now she talked to me, like a true business woman.

"No. I would expect you to move in here with me, for the time. If you want, and you can arrange it, you can stop working, and stay with me as much as you want. Your choice. I can pay you your monthly salary, what you get now from taxi. I take care all the other expenses."

Wow. I wonder how long she had planned this.  She offers me control, but the situation looks like she is giving all the orders.

She definitely was prepared. "Ok, the next thing at this point would be the time. How long you expect me stay in here with you?"

Again, something what she had an answer for already.

"That, I thought long time. What would be suitable for both? Maybe three months at start? We could agree, let´s say, after first week, then after first month, to have a conversation about how we both see things, and should we continue.

If we both feel comfortable, and you have the chance, we could expand it to maybe a year. And we will agree what would be the safe word, which will, if repeated twice, end our game. Sounds fair?"

"The last question for now will be, when you need the answer?"

"At the latest, by the end of next week. Sunday, 9pm. You think you would have a decision by then?" Yes, this was just like business negotiation.

"Maybe even sooner. I should be going now, but when I call you next time, I will have an answer."

I stood up, and started my way out, when she put her hands around my neck, kissed me and whispered "You can start thinking tomorrow, tonight we can just have fun. No games. I just want you inside me again. And fast."

That being said, she started to rip my clothes off, and I did the same to her. It was primal lust between us. We rolled on her divan, tangled to each other. It didn´t matter if I was inside her or not. Just pure lust.
