---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/diamond_bracelet.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: How I got my new $1000 Diamond Tennis Bracelet
authors:
- Techster+Techie
tags:
- F/m
- bondage
- BDSM
- slave
- cons
- XX
date: 2002-12-10 00:00:00
---

[Forum Feedback](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=1940.0)
How
I got my new $1000 Diamond Tennis Bracelet 
or 
Never bet against
a lady engineer!
By Techie

Sometimes even the nicest men can be so stubborn and macho about certain
things that they simply have to be shown to recognize the reality of the
situation. Last week, Techster, my husband of many years and I were watching
an adult video about slave contracts and when he saw the slaves licking
their master's and mistresses' assholes remarked that no amount of torture
could make him do that. A brief discussion followed that ended up by his
challenging me. " You'll never find me licking someone's asshole!"
 I countered, "With the proper training anyone will willingly
submit to their masters' demands!"
 Techster replied. "No way here! Tell you what.  I can stand
up to anything you can dish out! I'll give you eight hours. I will be your
slave. If you can get me to give in and lick your asshole I'll get you
a diamond tennis bracelet. If I win and hold out for two days you will
wear my locking slave collar around your neck for a month 24/7."
 "Agreed. When do you want to start?" I asked.
 "Whenever you are ready." He responded.
 "Next weekend." I answered. " The workshop is off limits until
Friday evening. If you need anything from it ask me. OK?"
 "OK!" he agreed.

I hope this doesn't get too technical for you, remember both the Techster
and I, Techie, are graduate engineers. During the week I started working
on the instrument of his torture. He was going to be secured in a rack
made of 2-inch steel pipe that was attached to both the floor and the ceiling.
He would be rendered immobile and kept standing by a metal seat that served
as both a seat and an electrode that went 2-inches up his butt, his wrists
tied over head and a head harness. The angle would force him to bend over
better exposing his back and butt.

The box area, which is located at the upper edge of the bend would give
me full and free access to his private parts. Two leather belts would be
looped around the outer edges of the box frame and buckled at each sides.
These belts would immobilize him during his torture. An eyebolt attached
to the ceiling about 6 inches from where the top of the frame mounted would
be where the pulleys for his head harness and wrists were mounted the end
of the line would be secured to a pair of cleats on the far wall of our
workshop.

I also had the machinist and welder at work make a cross shaped anal
electrode/seat of stainless steel. The centre or electrode was a piece
of 3/4" rod. The seat part was a piece of 3/4-inch thick Aluminum plate,
12 inches long. In the center of the plate was a 3/4 inch hole drilled
at a 12 degree angle so the plate would match the curve of his butt. This
would provide a place for him to sit and relieve some of the pressure on
his wrists and neck. There were locking screws set on both sides of the
hole so I could adjust it up or down for a perfect fit.

A 4 inch square plate with pre-drilled 1/4inch holes was welded on the
bottom of the device this was for securing it the the floor. The upper
end was ground and polished to a bullet-like taper so it would slide into
his ass easily and smoothly.
Since I work in engineering with a company that builds metal structures,
so all I had to do was do scribble a rough sketch and give it to the head
of the welding and machine shop and ask him to make it from scrap since
it was a personal project. I slipped him a litre of American Jack Daniels
whiskey when he put it in the back of my vintage 300 D Mercedes station
wagon. 
The upright or torture rack pipe even had pre-drilled holes in the
plates that were welded to the top and bottom ends. These plates were for
attaching it to the ceiling and floor.

I planned to have him wear locking leather wrist and ankle cuffs. He
would stand while I had him bend his legs and tie his knees forward of
the pipe with a piece of 2-inch plastic pipe and a rope through it. The
piece of plastic pipe would go between the back of his knees and the pipe.
This way he could not straighten his legs. His wrists would be secured
in a like manner.
Although I have teased and tormented him I have never truly tortured
him in our 30+ years of marriage and playing bondage games. I really didn't
want to hear his moans and screams or watch his struggles as my devices
did their best.
 He would experience an evening/night of fully automated torture.

Connected by cycling timers was an old oscillating fan ( the kind that
move from side to side). The fan was mounted sideways on a wooden frame.
I had removed the fan blades and guard and substituted 3/4-inch wide 1/4-inch
thick stiff conveyor belt rubber straps 16-inches long. These would keep
his back and butt warm. The whipping straps were rounded on the ends. I
then took time and hand sanded the ends in order to make certain that when
the whipping straps connected with is butt and back he got a slap, not
a cut. To make certain that they worked right I dropped my slacks and underwear
and personally tested this instrument of torture on myself. After about
a minute my butt was nicely tenderized with a warm rosy glow, but no cuts
or bruises.

To guarantee a truly warming experience this part of the system used
two timing relays. I had the fan reverse direction every other pass to
make certain he got an even "tan". His private parts would be kept warm
by electrodes attached to the tip of his penis, ball sack, and groin. An
asshole electrode would be the "ground lead" for the groin electrode and
for the lead that shocked his balls. The groin lead would be the "ground"
for his penis shocker. I modified a tens unit to do the shocking of his
balls and penis. For the groin penis lead and the groin butt lead I used
a modified Abtronic pulser. The objective here was electro-ejaculation.
In addition to being tortured by waves of pulsing electricity he would
be slowly and continuously milked of all semen.

I searched many second hand shops and found the perfect head harness.
It was originally made for people with neck problems and supported the
head under the jaw and the back of the head with adjustable side straps
to keep the main supports in place. I purchased a pvc pipe elbow and some
clear plastic tubing. I planned to attach the elbow and the tubing to the
lock after he was securely bound. That way he could answer the "call of
Nature" without having to be released from his torment or peeing on the
floor.

It was Thursday night and I was ready --- was he?

Friday night as we were eating dinner he asked, "Well when do we want
to start?"
"Right after dinner, so eat fast, you don't want to miss a moment of
the fun." I laughed knowing that he was completely unaware that he would
be exposed to a brutal automated torture system. After dinner I had him
undress and leave his clothes in the house. We sprinted out to the workshop
and he saw my torture rack. He did not see the fan or the electrodes. I
locked the leather cuffs on his wrists and ankles and had him stand next
to the cold steel frame. I tied his wrists to the support line and pulled
them loosely above his head. I tied his ankles to the base of the pole.
Then I had him bend his knees and slid and tied the pipe in place on the
far side of the frame. This forced him stand with his legs bent. Then I
secured his arms the same way. He had to constantly work his leg muscles
in order to relieve the strain on his wrists and head harness

Now the head harness was put in place and the lines on the harness and
his wrists were pulled tight and tied off to a ring on the other side of
the workshop. I moved the fan and its frame behind him and switched it
on as I adjusted it. It hit perfectly from the bottom of his butt to the
middle of his back. I set the time on both relays to alternately cycle
every 15 minutes for 2 minutes. When one stopped that would start the count-down
timer for the other one. That way he would be treated twice every 30 minutes.
I didn't want to really hurt him, just cause him enough pain so he would
give in and beg for the privilege of licking my asshole (ands buying me
that new $1000 diamond tennis bracelet).

Next I lubed the tip and slid the anal electrode/seat in place, anchored
it to the floor with wood screws, adjusted it and tightened the set screws
holding the crossbar or "seat" in place. The fan frame was then attached
to the floor with angle brackets and wood screws. I took his penis and
covered the tip with the plastic plumbing elbow. I put the end of the tubing
in a empty gallon plastic bottle. Then I locked an old master lock that
I had modified around his penis between the tip and the shaft. I had the
shop foreman at work weld a washer on the lock's front, top and sides and
a spacer on the top of the lock. This was designed to make it a snug fit
around the tip of his penis to act both as an electrode and a restraint
it would make an erection a very uncomfortable experience. I attached the
rings with a harness of small nylon rope to make certain that his cock
got and even, yet continuous stretching pull. I attached the lock harness
to an eyebolt that I screwed into a wall stud. The constant pull came from
a heavy strength elastic bungee cord. The lock and it's pull would be inescapable
reminder of just how captive he was. The nylon lines also held the elbow
and urine tube securely in place.

A parachute type ball stretcher was modified with six with several flat
copper rivet heads of the type used to rivet truck brake shoes were on
the inside. These were to serve as electrical conductors to his balls.
There were wires soldered to each hollow rivet end. The parachute was laced
around his balls and attached with a medium weight bungee cord to an eyebolt
on the floor.  I pulled the bungee cord snug, but not tight. The objective
was to insure that he could not be tempted to struggle against his torture
and again to reinforce in his mind the fact that he was being tortured.
Then the wires that were soldered to the rivets were hooked up. These six
large flat surfaces made contact with his balls and acted as an electrode
and lastly a clothes pin covered with aluminum foil as the groin electrode.
Finally I hooked up all of the electrical leads and "test cycled" the
equipment.

The electronic stimulation cycle was set with a surplus cam type timer.
The timer was similar to those used in an old washing machine, except it
did not stop at the end of a cycle, it simply started all over again. Each
cycle had its own cam, which turned the power source and directed the current
flow to the appropriate location.. Wash cycle was the penis electrode,
rinse cycle was the ball electrode and spin cycle was when all the electrodes
were charged at the same time. Different electrodes were cycled with every
time the timer began a new cycle. This timer would be triggered two times
each hour. I set the timing so it triggered when the fan was between cycles.
This was to insure that he did not get any rest from his torment.

The head harness prevented him from opening his mouth so his muffled
grunts could barely be heard and he could not struggle as his ankles, knees,
cock, balls, elbows and wrists were securely restrained so both the fan
and the electrodes could do their best. I switched the workshop radio on
to a rock station, set the volume at medium, plugged in a night light,
gave him a kiss on the cheek, a swat on the butt and said, "See you in
the morning!"
His eyes opened wide, he tried to shake his head, "no!" but that didn't
work.
"Tomorrow afternoon we'll go shopping for that tennis bracelet." I
said as I left the workshop.
I switched off the light and locked the workshop leaving him to his
torture.

Three times during the evening/night I awoke went outside and peered
in the workshop window. In the glow of the workshop nightlight I could
see that he was still rocking along with the system and appeared to be
OK.
I fell asleep and awoke about 4 AM. I dashed out and opened the workshop.
He heard me enter and stared mumbling something. I noticed that the gallon
bottle was about 3/4 full with a milky mixture of urine and sperm and that
his butt and lower back had a nice warm red blush. It was time to see how
well my 7 hours of automated torture had worked. 
I released the head harness so he could speak.
"What do you have to say?" I asked.
"Mistress mine, may this poor unworthy slave have the privilege of
licking your pretty little asshole with my tongue?"
 "Yes, and you will be my eunuch slave for the rest of the weekend
and wear the lock on your cock along with handcuffs and a hobble chain
on you ankles when we are alone at home."
" I agree to all! Now please let me down from this torture rack! Please."
 His well-whipped ass was a bright red and he gasped when I touched
it.

I first removed the plastic pipes and the parachute so he could stand
straight. Next I released his ankles and wrists and the head harness. One
by one I removed the electrodes and then the butt support and the fan frame.
I left the parachute around his balls and the lock around his cock so he
would be tormented by their presence during the rest of the night,
His hands were cuffed behind him and six feet of 3/8-inch heavy truck
tow chain was locked around his neck.
Lastly I removed the catheter.

He walked slowly to the door. "The light outside the house is on, may
I have a robe or something."
"No, run to the house." I ordered as I looped the end of the tow chain
over his hands. It was fun watching him sprint to the door in the nude
only to discover it was closed and having to turn around to open it with
his hands knowing that he was in the light and any of the neighbors ( had
they been awake) could see him. I locked the chain to headboard and had
him sleep nude on his stomach with his wrists cuffed behind him.

In the morning I freed his wrists and gave him the privilege of giving
me an intense personal massage. Of course he was still wearing the lock
around his cock so he was doubly tormented as he did his best to make me
beg for his services. Finally I succumbed and released him after he promised
to make breakfast and do the laundry and all my weekly household chores. 
He served me well and performed all of my weekend cleaning chores.
About noon I unlocked the chain around his neck, the handcuffs and the
hobble chain around his ankles and told him to get dressed.
"Shopping time!"
I love my new diamond tennis bracelet. Unlike most jewelry, this means
something very special to both of us. 
He will gladly tell you, " Never issue a BDSM challenge to a lady engineer!"
By my calculations I am the undisputed winner of the bondage contest
in our home and I have the $1000 tennis bracelet/trophy to prove it.
For the balance of the weekend I attended to by my personal slave.
I kept him nude, cuffed, hobbled, with the neck chain and of course the
parachute and the cock lock. That way he was My property, my servant and
my slave. Even his sex was under my control and he would do anything to
make me want him and be released from its cold steel grasp.
