---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sophie's Initiation
authors:
- Gordian
tags:
- n/a
---

Now I'm back on-line, I've
been visiting my favourite sites again, with yours pretty much top of the
list.  I've also continued chronicalling my adventures and experiences
with my 3 'participating' girlfriends.  I've included below the story
of my first session with the beautiful Sophie and have also sent a seperate
e-mail containing the first-half of the biggest experience I've had to
date.  I am still writing the rest, but thought I'd send you what
I've completed so far.  I will mail you the remainder of my 'Ransom'
session plus a further 2 experiences I had with Sophie.  I will eventually
also send you my experieces with my latest girlfried, Joanne.

**Sophie's Initiation
(Parts 1 + 2)**

After Suzy and I split up I had a few dates, a few girlfriends and then
I met Sophie.  I met her originally as a result of a blind-date organised
by a good female friend of mine.  We met for a drink and really hit
it off, returning to her place where we got on so well the kissing very
nearly ended up with us having sex on her lounge floor.

Sophie owned a huge 2 bed apartment that she shared with a girlfriend. 
Her family were very wealthy and although she had set up her own business
it was fairly obvious that her family looked after her financially. 
She had a long-standing boyfriend but he had gone to work in Australia
for a year and she wanted some company while he was away.  It was
also pretty obvious to me that she'd be marrying her wealthy boyfriend
when he returned and that with my background and job I was her temporary
'bit of rough'.  But she was a beautiful and very sexy woman, with
a super figure and long, wavy black hair so I was more than happy with
the arrangement.

We met again that weekend and again ended up back at her place after
dinner.  As soon as we were inside she told me her flatmate was away
and sat me on her sofa while she got me a brandy.  She returned with
two large brandies  and sat next to me.  She leant over and kissed
me, then without stopping she undid my trouser belt and flies.  She
told me to lift up, then she slid my trousers and boxers down, bent down
and started giving me the best blow job I'd ever had.  She got me
rock hard, then before I could get her slow down she made me come and just
swallowed the lot !!

She sat back up, "Now you can finish your drink", she said and took
a large sip from her own glass.  "I could see how hard you were and
I don't like my men to finish too quickly when they fuck me", Sophie said,
then got up and stripped down to a pale blue, lace teddy and black hold-up
stockings.  I was already getting hard again when she stood in front
of me with her legs apart, her right hand inside her panties and said,
"Well, are you going to fuck me or I do I have to do it myself ?". 
Then she started wanking right in front of me.  I stood up, kicked
off my trousers and boxers and pulled Sophie towards me.  I kissed
her firmly then threw her face first onto the sofa.  I quickly knelt
down behind her and pulled her back into a kneeling position, bent over
the front of the sofa with my knees between her forcing her thighs apart. 
I snapped open the crotch on her teddy and thrust into her wet pussy. 
She was humping backwards with her hips to meet me, "Come on, fuck me harder".
I was getting close to coming again when she reached under her belly, between
her legs and grabbed my balls. She rolled them around between her fingers,
then squeezed ............hard !!

"You're not coming before me, lover boy", Sophie said as she released
my balls and looked back over her shoulder at me.  "Now, fuck me properly",
Sophie said and guided me back inside her.  Right, I thought, I'll
show her properly.  As Sophie was bent forwards, she had her arms
over her head pushing against the back of the sofa so she could thrust
her hips.  I took my hands from her hips and reached around behind
me.  I grabbed my trousers holding them behind me and unthreaded the
leather belt, leaving it by my legs.   I reaching forward I took
hold of her right wrist and pulled it in arc backwards into the small of
her back.  With my other hand I reached up and did the same with her
left wrist, bringing it to the small of her back and then holding both
wrists together with my left hand.  With my free hand hand I gave
her ass a good smack.  She looked back and said, "Now give it to me
then".  I started thrusting back into her, but reached behind me and
picked up the belt.

Laying it over the back of my hand I wrapped it around her crossed wrists
and pulled it closed, quickly snugging it tight then wrapping it between
her forearms to cinch it all.  I tied the end round the buckle just
as Sophie started struggling. "Hey, what are you doing ?", she questioned. 
"Giving it to you properly", I replied and holding the back of her neck
with one hand and her left hip with the other fucked her hard and fast. 
Just before I came, I pulled out and using her left shoulder rolled her
onto her back so she was facing me. With my right hand, I finished myself
off, coming over her  neck and shoulders.

Before she could recover, I lifted her up onto the sofa so she was sitting,
spread her legs and finished her off by bringing her to orgasm with my
two fingers.  As she came back down after that, I went down on her
and quickly brought her to a second orgasm.  By now , hard again,
I rolled her back over onto her stomach, so her knees were back on the
floor and took her again from behind.  This one was slower, and with
my left hand holding her tied wrists, I reached around and stroked her
clit with my right.  I speeded up and came again, this time right
up inside her.  Sophie came once more and passed out !!

I sat her back up, turned her towards me and kissed her as she came
back round.  With a flushed face and a smile she kissed me back. 
I helped her stand up and we headed for her bedroom.   The fact
she hadn't asked me to untie her wrists yet was noted by me a good sign
for future sessions !!  In her bedroom, she sat on the side of her
bed, looking up at me and told me that she'd never been tied up before,
and asked whether it had that affect on all the girls.  I assured
her it only did on the sexy ones, and ever hopeful, told her I'd change
the belt for something more comfortable.  She turned and offered me
her wrists.  She watched as I walked over to the bedroom door and
took the belt from her robe.  I undid the belt, brought her wrists
to her front and gently massaged her wrists.  I then crossed her wrists
in front of her, with both her palms facing upwards.  I doubled the
cloth belt in half and wrapped it around her wrists while she watched intently. 
I pulled the two ends through the loop and snugged it tight, leaving the
hitch on the back of her wrists.  I lifted her arms and told her to
put them over her head and touch her back.  I then separated the two
ends, tightened down the hitch and bringing one to either side I wrapped
each around her upper arms, still behind her head and tied them off. 
We then kissed, played and talked for a while with her asking me all about
bondage.

The next morning when we had sex, I again took her from behind with
her hands tied behind her back, this time with her robe belt, and again
she came quickly and loudly.  Sophie liked the idea of 'role-playing'
and we agreed that next Saturday I would take her back to my place, as
she was keen to have me spread-eagle her with my leather wrist cuffs and
try out some gags and vibrators.  From my perspective, the next weekend
took far too long to come around.  I met her for the evening, we had
an early dinner and drove back to my house.  On the drive back from
town Sophie said she wanted us to play that she was a prick-tease date
and she wanted me to tie her, gag her then touch her up.  Her only
other request was that at some point she wanted me to spread-eagle her
to the bed and fuck her hard. Who was I to object to a request like that
?

Indoors, I poured us both a drink and put on some soft music. 
I sat next to her, put my arm around her and started kissing her, while
sliding my hand up the inside of her leg.  By the time I reached her
thigh she pushed my hand away.  A minute later I let my hand slip
down from her neck, to her shoulder, to her breast.  Once again, just
as I started to put my hand in her blouse she pushed it away.  I hoped
I'd surprise Sophie with what I'd planned next.  I assumed that she
thought I'd get up from the sofa, get some rope and tie her up.  Wrong
!!

I'd already hidden three pairs of handcuffs, a ballgag and a blindfold
under the end cushion plus plenty of rope underneath the sofa itself. 
I continued kissing her and reached up to feel her breasts.  Sure
enough, within a few seconds she tried to push my hand away.  As she
did so, I took hold of her wrist, twisted it round behind her back and
spun her face down into the sofa.  Quickly straddling her, I grabbed
the handcuffs from under the cushion, cuffed her wrist, pulled the other
wrist behind her and cuffed it too.  I took out the ballgag from the
cushion behind her and gave her the biggest surprise yet when I buckled
it tightly into her mouth.  I turned around to face Sophie's feet,
reached for the other pairs of handcuffs and cuffed her ankles together
an then with the last pair of handcuffs, connected the ankle and wrist
cuffs, leaving her hogtied on the sofa.  I sat down on the floor in
front of her, stroking her hair and looking her lovely brown eyes. 
"How does my little tease feel now ", I asked.  She mmmphed she was
okay and nodded her head.  She looked absolutely beautiful. 
Sophie was still wearing her clothes, a purple silk blouse, black leather
trousers and black high-heel sandals.  I lifted her gently to the
floor, kissed her around the gag and told her that if she was good I'd
take off her gag for a while.  She looked up at me and nodded. 
I unbuckled the ballgag and she was surprised to find a trail of drool
behind it as I removed it from her mouth.  I wiped her chin clean,
kissed her again, and after receiving a passionate kiss back I told her
I was going to strip her, reminding her that she couldn't stop me. 

**-2-**

I  rolled Sophie onto her side and unbuttoned her blouse, revealing
a white lace teddy underneath.  I gave her breasts a good play before
pulling her blouse back down her arms behind her.  I rolled her back
onto her front and pulled out the rope from underneath the sofa. 
I made sure her blouse was down by her wrists and looped a doubled-over
length of rope around her elbows.  I tightened it gently, made about
five turns around her arms then cinched it between her elbows and tied
it off.  I used another length or rope across the back of her neck,
round her shoulders to the front and back under her armpits to her back
again to make a quick harness.  The ends I then tied to the elbow
bondage to stop it slipping down her arms.  I unlocked the handcuffs
joining her wrist and ankle cuffs and let her straighten out her legs. 
Then I removed the handcuffs from her wrists and took off her blouse. 
Sophie told me she was surprised how helpless she was with just her elbows
tied.  I laughed and told her I'd have her a lot more helpless soon
!!

I helped her to stand up, then letting her keep her own balance on her
high heels and with her ankles cuffed together, I undid the button and
zip on her leather trousers then eased them down her over her hips and
thighs.  I said to Sophie, "I bet you can guess what comes next ?",
she laughed and said "You'll have to make me".  I sat her back down
on the floor, then rolled her onto her stomach.  I pulled her trousers
down to her calves and  tied a length of rope around her knees, cinching
it, but not too tight.  I unlocked her ankle cuffs and took off her
trousers.

"Now for your next surprise", I told her and pulled the padded leather
blindfold from under the sofa cushion and buckled it securely over her
eyes.  I then undid the knee ropes and helped her to stand up. 
I looked at her standing in my lounge, wearing a white lace teddy and heels,
a blindfold and with just her elbows tied behind her back.  I walked
behind her and reached round one hand to her breasts and one to her pussy. 
Her hands stroked my cock through my trousers and she turned her head back
to kiss me.  I pulled away from her and said "The bedroom is at the
top of the stairs on the right.  If you're not up there with me in
ten minutes I'll find you and add the ballgag".  "Just fuck me and
quit teasing me", Sophie pleaded.  I smacked her tight little ass
and said "See you soon - I hope".

Obviously with Sophie as the entertainment I stayed in the room quietly
watching her.  First she tilted her head back, as if staring at the
ceiling, then moving her head from side to side.  Unfortunately for
her, she couldn't see out from the bottom of the blindfold - still it was
her first time properly blindfolded so I couldn't blame her for tying. 
Next she tried reaching the elbow ropes with her hands, but quickly realising
that was useless she tried reaching her blindfold.  Standing up, she
spread her legs apart and tried bending forwards whilst reaching around
and up with her hands.  Having no success at that, she started stretching
one leg out in front of her trying to feel her way about with her foot. 
Soon, Sophie found the sofa, testing its orientation with her foot. 
Then, she knelt down facing the sofa and tried to rub her blindfold off
on the seat cushions.  This was too good an opportunity to miss !!!

I grabbed a pair of handcuffs and the ballgag from the seat and silently
stepping behind her cuffed her wrists.  "Hey, that's not fair", was
all Sophie managed to say before I added the ballgag.  Kneeling down
behind her I unpopped the press-studs at the crotch of her teddy and slid
my cock right into her.  I was well worked up already, so I knew I'd
not last too long - I didn't and although Sophie was wet as anything, I
came well before her.  Leaving her cuffed, gagged, blindfolded and
still resting her chest on the sofa I stood up and said "Now get your pretty
little ass upstairs and I'll let you come too."  I watched her raise
herself onto one knee and stand up using her leg against the sofa front
for support.  She still tried to look around the room, so after a
few seconds I grabbed her suddenly from behind.  Sophie jumped and
mmmmpphed into her gag.  "Come on, let me help you", I said and stepping
in front of her I pulled on the front of her teddy between her breasts. 
Sophie walked carefully behind me as I guided her out of the lounge, up
stairs and into the bedroom.  I sat her down on the end of the bed
and took off her blindfold.

It was then she first saw herself in the mirrored door of my bedroom
wardrobes - look, she stared.  Her face was flushed, her tied elbows
causing her breasts to overflow her lace top and her lips were wrapped
around the ballgag causing her to drool slightly down her chin.  
I kissed her, told her she was beautiful then helped she back so was sitting
in the middle of the bed, still facing the end of the bed and the mirrored
door.  I pulled the leather ankle cuffs out from under  the bottom
corners of the mattress where they were tied to bed frame.  Sophie
spread her legs and I buckled the ankle cuffs around each, holding them
firmly apart. I sat behind her and undid the elbow ropes and the handcuffs,
then laid her down with her hands stretched over her head.  Using
the other pair of leather cuffs attached to the top corners of the bed,
I secured her wrists, spread-eagling her.  I re-tightened all the
ropes to the cuffs, then lifted her hips and slid two pillows under her
ass.  She knew what was coming next and tried thrusting her hips up
to meet me.

Sophie was ballgagged, securely spread-eagled with leather cuffs to
my king-size bed with two pillows under her ass leaving her very 'available'. 
I started by going down on her, licking and nibbling her lips and her clit. 
She was thrusting her hips and grunting through her gag, desperately trying
to get me to fuck her.  I kept going, but stopped before she could
come, got off the bed watching her watching me as I went to my drawers
and came back to her with a vibrator !!.  "Your turn to come now",
I said to her and sat myself between her spread legs.

Within a minute she was pulling like crazy against the unyielding leather
cuffs and rope in the throes of a massive orgasm.  I kept up with
the vibrator and Sophie soon crashed into a further orgasm.  I removed
the vibrator and thrust back inside her, fucking her hard and fast. 
I knew I'd take longer to come this time so knowing how she liked it hard
I really pumped into her.  Sophie started coming again, so I just
kept thrusting until I too came inside her.  Having finished, I rolled
off her and lay alongside her as she came back down again.

I kissed her then lifted her head and unbuckled the ballgag, pulling
the straps round to the front..  I held the straps up in front of
her face, leaving the red ball wedged behind her teeth.  "Do you want
it out then ?", I asked Sophie.  She nodded her head, so I pulled
on the straps and the ball popped free.  She worked her jaw back and
forth then I leant over and kissed her again.  "You know I'm not going
to untie you until you ask, don't you", I said.  Sophie smiled up
at me, "I don't think I could take any more", she said.  I slid down
the bed and unbuckled her ankles.  As soon as her legs were free she
bent them up towards her and stretched them off.  I undid the little
buckles on her shoes and took them off for her too, then as she pushed
herself up the bed I removed the pillows from under her.  She looked
from me to the wrist cuffs and back to me again.  I laughed and said
"What's the matter ?".  "I'm still stuck" replied Sophie smiling. 
I kissed her lips then reached up and unbuckled her wrists from the cuffs.

We both slept deeply that night.  The next morning Sophie asked
to see my collection of  'toys' and wanted to know how I'd acquired
them.  I explained that I'd tied up most of my previous girlfriends,
but that one had been a longer term relationship and that things had progressed
to more stringent bondage than before.  Sophie asked what I meant
by more 'stringent' and I explained that using proper leather restraints,
like the cuffs she'd just worn, meant you could play for longer and the
bondage could be tighter.  We talked about fantasies and Sophie told
me that having just experienced the night before, and having seen the other
leather restraints, she wondered what it would be like to be 'kidnapped'
for a day.

During the rest of the Sunday we talked more about living out our fantasies.
Later that evening I drove Sophie home and we made a date for the next
weekend, with a promise that I'd make Sophie's fantasy (and mine !), a
reality, but that she wouldn't know the details in advance.

I'll post 'Sophie's Ransom' soon - I had one of my most intense sessions
ever and Sophie got more than she bargained for too !!.
