---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Trained to be the Perfect Lover
authors:
- Master Jim
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- cuffs
- gag
- blindfold
- sex
- cons
- X
date: 2009-09-06 00:00:00
---

This is the story of how my partner was trained and turned into my perfect lover. As an average couple I’m Jim and I’m 40 in pretty good shape, my lady is Jane a lovely gal of 32 and in fantastic shape with ample curves right where they count. I would say that we had an above average sex life. But it all changed the night we watched a movie with some light bondage in it. My girl said that she didn’t think that anyone could find any enjoyment from that kind of kinky stuff, I said that don’t knock it unless you try it. I said this only jokingly, but she took me seriously.

We had some wine and a long discussion late into the wee hours of the night. That was about 2 years ago. We didn’t talk about it again for a long time, but one night we were watching a show on TV and it had some light bondage scenes in it. This rekindled the interest in the subject for my girl. That night was the start of a lifelong involvement, which is taking us on the most fantastic adventure I could never have imagined in my wildest dreams.

After about three weeks of research on the web by her and me we were ready to do some experiments. I told her that I would never do anything that would leave permanent marks or damage. First thing we agreed was that, we had to go shopping for supplies. First were sexy clothes for her to wear. This we did online both for research and buying. Next came the selection of bondage equipment. This took the most time, because we were both new at this game. Second we needed to find someone to be our mentor, the latter was more difficult than I thought it would be. Making sure that we could find the right person that we both felt comfortable with and could have the upmost trust in. As it worked out we found someone we worked with, and didn’t even know she was interested in this lifestyle.

This is the first thing we learned, it was that bondage can be enjoyed at almost any level.
But the thing we learned that is above all else, is SAFETY FIRST! ! !

Now we needed to set up our safe word and hum signal for when a gag is used. Now that we had done our research we were ready at least I was. My lady wasn’t that sure, but said she was game. With that said, we started with a very light session. Just hands tied in front with a scarf blindfold and no gag for a short period of time. This seemed to work out fine and then we discussed her feelings. She said that the feeling of total helplessness was something she needed to get use to, but it felt really good, and she got real hot. The sex that night was the best we’ve had in a long time. So now we took a week off to digest the information and the feelings we both had. My lady did a lot of searches on the internet for any information on bondage, Master and slave roles.

The next open weekend we had we did a lot of experiments in the basics of Bondage. I
told my lady to be ready for an extensive shopping trip when I got home from work on Monday. I had a chance to get out of work early, so I called her and told her to be ready when I got home. Jane was so ready to go shopping when I got home. I didn’t have time to relax; she was jumping up and down with excitement and kept saying lets go.

We went to a sex shop that I knew about in the next town so nobody would recognize us. Jane had
made up a list of things that she wanted to buy, and I had some ideas in that area. It a good thing that we are well off in the money department or this shopping spree might have been a disaster. We started off with cuffs, dildo, ball gags, locks, chains. And off we went to with our new toys to play some games. Jane couldn’t even wait until we got home. She insisted that I put the cuffs on for the ride home. She got into the car on the passenger side and placed her hands behind her back so I could cuff her. Next came the leg irons with the chain looped thru the seat base, then the seat belt in place and off we went to the house for an evening of fun and games. On the ride home I got a chance to play with her breasts and finger her love hole. By the time we got home Jane was so hot
that I thought she’d explode before I got her in the house.

When we got home I pulled the car into the garage and closed the door. I got Jane unhooked and marched her into the house. Once in the kitchen I undid the cuffs and then re-cuffed again in front so she could start making dinner. She started to complain that I needed to finish what I had started in the car, So to quiet her down I applied the new bright red ball gag we had just bought. This didn’t make her happy but it taught her the first lesson, That was, I was in control not her.

We played for about an hour. I decided that for
her 1st training session not to push her too hard. After her release we sat down and discussed our session and how to improve it the next time. We also talked about how we felt, during and after. This had a profound effect on Jane. The more we talked about bondage the hotter she got. That night we had the greatest sex since we got together 5 years ago.

Now it’s been a couple of years, and Jane is almost completely trained. We make up a
Master Calendar for 3 months at a time, and outline what’s going to happen in every
session. We also plan vacations to exotic locations to ether buy gear or have it custom made.  Next year we plan a trip to Europe for fun and games, and maybe some old country training. “AH” but that’s another story.

The Master (Jim)
