---
original_url: https://www.mummified.net/storiesek/emilys_folly2.html
subcategory: Mummified
title: 'Emily’s Folly 2: The Discovery and Consequences'
authors:
- Tom
tags:
- M/mf+
- discovered
- caught
- drug
- captives
- wrap
- plastic
- tape
- gag
- machine
- susp
- toys
- insert
- nc
- XX
date: 2002-03-11 00:00:00
---

continued from [part one](emilys_folly.html)

**Part 2: The Discovery and Consequences**

Monday morning reared its ugly head and a disgruntled and tired workforce
filed into the chilly warehouse to start the weeks work. Leanne, Melissa
and Mark stood around their table boxing pallet wrap and duck tape to be
wrapped and stored until it was ordered and delivered. They were all working
as temps during the summer holiday and were all best friends after meeting
at University at the beginning of their first year. The job was crap but
the money they found was very good and they passed their shifts chatting
and joking with each other.

"Shit Mark that wasn't funny and I'm quite offended if you must know"
said Leanne with a sly grin conveying that she too had found his sexist
joke amusing but was not willing to admit it.

Leanne was a 19 year old Media student who had been seeing Mark for
the last 3 months and Mel was her best friend. They had all met when moving
into the Uni halls and had been inseparable since, although Mel was a bit
annoyed when Mark and Leanne got together but it had all worked out fine.
The time passed and breaks came and went until it was nearing the end of
their shift.

"Five minutes to go, five minutes to go" Mel chanted with enthusiasm
as she eyed the slowly moving second hand as it climbed lazily towards
the five to six mark.

"If you keep looking at it, it will never boil" Joked Mark but Mel's
blank face conveyed she didn't get it.

A shrill bell sounded and the workforce's disposition suddenly turned
cheerful as they left their stations and headed to the locker room to grab
their stuff and get out of there as quickly as possible. The threesome
were the last to leave the main area of the warehouse and as they reached
the main entrance Leanne swore, turned around and bolted for the warehouse.
Confused Mark and Mel followed suit and went after her.

"What's up baby" Mark asked as he jogged up to the table where Leanne
was on her knees searching the floor.

"Got it" she chirped up with a smile waving her mobile phone in the
air. "Nearly forgot it and that, as everyone knows, can be disastrous"

Mark smiled "Yeah because you have just SO many friends Leanne" he said
sarcastically.

"Shut it Mar... Hey why's that light on"? Said Leanne, peering over
Mark's shoulder. "That shouldn't be on plus that door is always locked"
she said suspiciously while squinting at the solid looking door that was
open a crack, letting light spill through onto the smooth warehouse floor.

"Never mind that Leanne lets go, I'm starving" Mark moaned but Leanne
was already half way across the warehouse striding towards the door.

"She'll never learn will she"? Said mark shaking his head as he and
Mel once again started to follow.

Leanne had reached the room and was peering inside when Mel and Mark
caught up. The room was about 2 meters square and was bare apart from what
looked like a winch device and pulley system. Leanne couldn't resist and
before Mark could stop her she had pushed the little green button. A whirring
noise issued from the machine as it began to let out the rope.
"Well done Leanne" shot Mark with a stern look. "But where is the other
end of the rope and what is on it"?

Mel screamed. She had been wandering around on the other side of the
doorway trying not to get involved when she had heard a strange noise and
looked up. What she saw was like something out of a nightmare. A black
object like an ebony sarcophagus had descended on top of her and she had
only just managed to step aside in time before in settled on the floor.
Mark and Leanne streaked out of the small room and came to an abrupt
halt at the end of the black mummy.
"Jesus" gasped Mark as Leanne grabbed hold of him. "Wait look" he said
tilting his head towards the object. "Something is moving".

Always the inquisitive one, Leanne bent over the mummy and began peeling
back black gaffer tape from what appeared to be the head of a woman. As
the tape and black pallet wrap were removed the woman's eyes were exposed
and blinked a couple of times and then went wide as she looked past the
group. Mark turned around just in time to see the shape of a man before
he felt a sharp crack on the side of his head and a lightning bolt of pain
shot through his body as he collapsed into darkness.
Mel and Leanne stared unbelieving at what had just happened. The manager,
John, was standing above Marks limp body with a plank of wood in his hands
and a malevolent look in his dark brown eyes. Shocked into silence all
the girls could do was stand silently with open mouths staring at the man.
He started to move towards them and before they could react he sprayed
a mist like substance in their faces. The spray smelt strange and as they
turned to run their legs fell out from beneath them and they fell with
a thud onto the unforgiving concrete floor. Blackness took them in its
grip and then there was nothing.
John cursed himself for being so undeniably stupid.

After he had hoisted Emily up into the rafters he had left the warehouse
to finish some work ready for the beginning of the week. Monday had come
and a burning desire pulled at his heart to glance once again upon the
beautiful shiny form of Emily mummified. All through the day he hadn't
been able to concentrate and as soon as the bell went for the end of the
shift and the workforce began to dissipate he had snuck to the small room
he kept locked at all times. This room was where he had secured the winch.
Anticipation had gotten the better of him and he headed to the toilets.
When he returned he found three people all bent over a black object. All
at once he guessed what had happened and he quickly came up with a plan.
The chloroform spray he was to use would knock the two girls out quickly
but because of the man's large muscular build it would take longer. Too
risky he had thought so he turned to a plank of wood lying near by. Perfect.
"Shit shit shit" Rob cursed. What was he to do now? 
He couldn't allow them to leave because they had seen his face. He
looked down at Emily whose eyes were still wide with fear and a plan began
to form.

Sweat trickled down the side of John's grimacing face as he struggled
to heave the dead weight of Marks body into a standing position against
the pole. He secured Marks hands to an overhead beam and let him sag so
that he was slouching but still in an up right position. Rob cut away all
of Marks cloths so that he was naked and grabbed a large 5" roll of blue
PVC electrical tape. He began taping Marks legs individually from the feet
upwards making sure it was so tight that there was a slight overhand a
skin above the tape. This would mean very effective stiffening to the joints
acting as an all over splint. As he reached the genitals John stopped and
proceeded to wrap Marks other leg. John realised that Marks penis had become
fully erect which he thought was impossible when a person was unconscious.
Not wanting to lose the opportunity John wound tape extremely tightly around
the base of Marks large member until the veins bulged and the blood was
trapped.

Once complete, John reached into his pocket and brought out a small
box that contained a syringe with a pale blue liquid in. Finding the pulse
in Marks strong neck, John pushed the needle in and squeezed. This liquid
would relax all Marks muscles for around an hour but would allow full recovery.
Going back to the tape John continued to wind around and around Marks unconscious
body, wrapping tighter and tighter until it look as though Mark had a woman's
corset on. Finishing at his armpits John released Mark from the overhead
bar and lay him on the floor. The seemingly dead body began to stir but
John could tell that the fast acting relaxant had already begun to work.
With Mark lying upon the ground he began to tape his arms, also individually,
but he made Marks hands into fists and tightly wrapped them in several
layers of the sticky blue tape.

The flicker of Marks eyelids caught John's eye and he sat smiling as
Mark came around. Mark could do nothing and move nothing. All he could
do was lie there while John wrapped further and further up his arms. Wrapping
Marks neck was the hardest part. He wanted it to be tight but not to constrict
Marks breathing. The tape on the neck was 10 layers thick and very stiff
when John finally tore the tape and stood back. The only body parts visible
between the thick tapes were his erect penis and his head. Now for finishing
touches he thought. Winding tape all the way around Marks torso, John taped
both of the arms to the side and then continued to tape his legs together.

Mark was scared. What the fuck was this psycho doing to him he wondered.
John walked out of his field of vision for a moment then came back with
two 6 inch long tubes and some super glue. Taking one of the tubes he forced
it into Marks left nostril until he couldn't get it any further and glued
the edges of his nostril to the tube. He did the same to the other nostril
and then once again walked away. 10 minutes passed and Mark was beginning
to think that John had left him there when he reappeared carrying Leanne.
She had been taped up exactly as Mark had except he had not taped her legs
together and she was sporting a large ring gag that forced her mouth open
as far as it would go. Her nose too had been fashioned with the tubes and
she glanced around nervously as she was carried towards Marks stiff mummified
body.

"Well, well, well maybe you people will think next time before snooping
around. Not that you'll ever get to snoop any where again" grinned John
as he set Leanne down by the side of him. Leanne tried to move her legs
but they were too stiff from the layers of tape to be of much use.

John grabbed a nearby work bench and pulled it with a grinding sound
over to where the two bodies were. Lifting Mark onto the bench was no easy
job even for a guy in such good condition as he was but eventually with
much huffing and grunts he managed it. Next he placed Leanne face down,
the opposite way around to Mark. John then began to tape around Leanne's
head until only the nose tubes and her ring gagged mouth were visible.
He then pushed her head down towards Marks crotch so that his erect penis
inserted into her mouth. She made some gagging noised and struggled fruitlessly
until finally, exhausted she gave up. She was now effectively gagged by
Marks penis that was almost touching the back of her throat. John taped
her head to marks legs and made sure that she could only breathe through
the nose tubes. Mark found he had got some feeling back in his body and
the heat and moist warmth of Leanne's mouth on his throbbing penis was
almost too much for his senses to take.

John moved to the other end of the bench and stuffed a penis pump gag
into his mouth, squeezing the pump furiously until Mark thought his head
would explode. Once the gag was solidly in place John wrapped Marks head
completely in the blue tape until all he could see were the penis of the
gag and the nose tubes. Pushing Leanne's bottom down onto him John shoved
the penis part of the gag into her waiting pussy all the way down to Marks
lips. As with Leanne, John wrapped Marks head to her legs and buttocks.
There was minimal struggling that John could see but he though better safe
than sorry. He flipped the bundle of bodies over so that Mark was now on
top and pulled both of Leanne's wrapped legs together with Marks head in
between and taped them together. Now they were really incapacitated.

The whine of the winch broke the silence of the large warehouse as it
kicked into life lifting the blue mass off the bench and into the air. 
"Hahahaha guess what's gonna happen now" John guffawed as he swung
the bundle towards the pallet wrapping machine. As they entered the machine
began to wind around and around the hanging mummified bodies wrapping tighter
and constricting their already stiff bodies together. The black pallet
wrap was extremely thick and stretchy so that it pulled tightly as I wound
around completely encasing the bodies in a black coating. Once the machine
halted John walked up to the black swinging misshapen mass and cut free
the breathing tubes. He then moved swiftly to the wrapping machine and
punched in some commands. Suddenly the machine began to rotate around Mark
and Leanne blasting them with heat from a nozzle. The effect was stunning.
The plastic wrap began to solder together and because of the thickness
it moulded into one big solid covering. The machine hummed into silence.
Inside the encapsulating bondage Mark tried to move but failed miserably.
He could see nothing and could only breathe through his nose. Leanne could
feel Marks large penis throbbing inside her mouth and the penis gag was
slowly moving against her clit, making her even hotter and wet than she
was already. She had no sense of movement, sound or vision and couldn't
move a millimetre.

John tied rope to the bodies at certain points and engaged the winch
mechanism, lifting the mass into the rafters of the warehouse. After securing
the winch he turned to the body of Emily and then at the form of Mel tied
to a post completely naked. She had a ball gag harness on her head and
was making pathetic mumbling sounds behind it.
John gave a satanic laugh.
"Don't worry girls I've got something completely different in mind
for you two".

He began to walk towards them and Mel shut her eyes and prepared herself.
