---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Delivery
authors:
- Plastic Latex
tags:
- M-f
- spandex
- catsuit
- sleepsack
- latex
- bond
- hood
- cons
- X
date: 2010-04-06 00:00:00
---

This story was an entry into the 2010 Winter Fetish Story Contest

**The Delivery**

**Anticipation**

It was a boring Friday evening at work for Lisa where she is a receptionist in a small law firm answering phones and greeting guests. She’s been anticipating the arrival of her package she sent to her work address all day long. She tracked her package she ordered earlier in the week that has been stuck “In Transit” for the past couple days. She was hoping to receive it before the weekend so she could start playing with it sooner. Otherwise, she would have to wait until next week because the shipping carrier doesn’t deliver on weekends. The highlight of the day was when her co-worker spilled hot coffee on himself in his crotch and did a little dance everyone around saw. It’s 5:45pm now and Lisa was getting ready to head on home disappointed her package hasn’t arrived. Just as Lisa was about to pack up her purse and put on her jacket, the front door bell rings. She sees a tall, handsome man dressed in a light brown uniform holding a small package. She quickly buzzes him in and immediately starts flirting with him.

“Hey, Mr.…. Stringer” Lisa said as she glanced at him.

“Hi MISS Porter. I’ve been delivering your packages for 5 years now, please, call me Dom.” said Dom, “I’ve got a package here for you.”

“Great! I’ve been waiting for this all day!” said Lisa excitedly.

Dom says, “I’ll need your signature right here.” as he checks her out in her light pink blouse, dark red pencil skirt, nude shimmery tights and red paten pumps. Lisa signs where Dom pointed and holds out her hands in anticipation of her package, but Dom doesn’t give it to her just yet. Lisa looks up from the package in Dom’s elbows to his face. “So you’re into this kind of stuff, eh?” asked Dom trying to be discreet. Lisa’s face went from giddy to surprise.

“Eh. Wha? Into what stuff?” replied Lisa.

“You know. Stuff from Winter Wonderland” Dom said quietly pointing at the shipping label. Lisa blushed and looked around to see if anybody was listening in.

“But.. What… How do you know what I bought?” asked Lisa whispering.

“You wouldn’t believe how many packages I’ve delivered from this company to customers.” Dom said as he handed the package to Lisa, “Some of whom are not afraid to flaunt their playing habits. Some of them even answer the door in this stuff.” Lisa soon became even more attracted to Dom knowing that he knows about her little secret letting down her defenses and giving Dom a big smile. Don asked, “I see you’re getting ready to go home. How about we go out for a drink? You’re my last delivery today.”

“I’d like that.” said Lisa, “Let’s meet up at Christy’s Lounge down by the old Church. Know it?”

“Christy’s Lounge. Got it. See you there at 7.” said Dom cheerfully as he left the reception area. Lisa looked at her watch and saw that it was already quarter past six. She quickly put on her jacket, grabbed her purse, put her package in a large shopping bag and ran out the door as she said “Good night!” to everyone left in the office.

**Christy’s Lounge**

It’s 6:50pm now as Lisa arrives at Christy’s Lounge. She steps in and looks around. Dom is already sitting at a booth with a drink in his hand. She walks up to the booth and notices Dom changed out of his light brown uniform into a navy blue jacket and pants, black button up shirt and fancy shoes. Dom sees her, gets up and greets her. “Wow! You look even prettier than before.”

Lisa giggles and says, “This is the same thing you saw me in before.”

“Must be the lighting here. Come, have a seat.” replied Dom, “I took the liberty to order snacks.”

“Great. I haven’t eaten since lunch. And all I had was a left over bagel from breakfast.” replied Lisa as she slid behind the table next to Dom on the comfy lounge couch.

“What would you like to drink?” asked Dom.

“Hmm. I think I’ll have a margarita. No wait. It’s Friday. Let’s make it a pineapple martini.” answered Lisa. Dom flags down a hostess and orders the drink.

“How long have you been into this stuff?” asked Dom.

Looking slightly embarrassed, Lisa said, “Um… Not that long, just about umm, four years.”

Dom, noticing her discomfort says, “That’s not that long. It was a bit longer for me. It was during my freshman year in high school and I was staying at my aunt and uncle’s house with my cousins Brian and Damien for spring break and their parents were out delivering pastries to their clients.”

**Dominic’s Flashback**

Dom woke up Saturday morning after arriving to the house late last night looking up at a ceiling he didn’t recognize. He was in a room reserved for guests to spend the night. The walls were plain white with printed paintings of flowers hung on the walls. The single window looked into the backyard. All he saw out the window was grass and trees for as far as the eye could see. The small closet was empty except for a hand full of empty hangers and the few towels and pillows stuffed in the top shelf left for guests. Dom heard noise coming from downstairs. He grabbed the nearest clean shirt and quickly put it on as he walked down the stairs to investigate the noise. He reached the bottom of the stairs and heard more noise coming from the kitchen. Dom walked in and saw his cousins Brian and Damien riffling through all the cabinets and drawers and asked, “What are you doing?”

“We’re bored.” answered Brian looking back at him over his shoulder. “Hey look!” shouted Damien. He had found something in the storage room. They all came over to see what he had found. Six large commercial size plastic wrap boxes stood before them as Brian pulled one out. He immediately started to wrap everything he saw. Damien and Dom soon followed with their own large rolls. After they had coated everything in the kitchen in plastic wrap, they looked for something else to wrap. After a few seconds, Brian and Damien both looked at Dom. “Uhm. What’ are you thinking?” asked Dom nervously.

Suddenly, Brian grabbed Dom as Damien wrapped plastic wrap tightly around both his arms from his fingertips to his arm pits. “What the frack?” yelled Dom. Brian and Damien said nothing as they continued wrapping more layers on Dom’s arms as he struggled. “I can’t move my arms!” screamed Dom. “Take this off me!” he repeated as Brian and Damien continued wrapping his arms. When they were done, Dom couldn’t move his fingers or bend his elbows. They had use an entire roll of plastic wrap to wrap Dom’s arms. “Take this off!!” yelled Dom, “It’s too tight!”

Tired of hearing Dom’s screaming, Brian grabbed a new roll of plastic wrap and began wrapping Dom’s head. He started from Dom’s chin and wrapped to the top of his head and back again. “Stop! What are you doing?” screamed Dom, “Get this….off…mmmmy….mmth…..!” Dom’s ability to say anything had been removed. He could only make incomprehensible nasally sounds.

Once Brian was done securing Dom’s chin and mouth, Damien grabbed Dom in a bear hug. Brian grabbed the roll of plastic wrap and began wrapping Dom’s feet and legs. “Mmmmm! MMMMmmmm!!” sounded Dom as he looked back and forth at Brian and Damien, but they continued wrapping. Just like his arms, Brian wrapped so many layers around Dom’s legs that he was unable to bend his knees and his ankles were straightened so his feet were en pointe. Taking a break after finishing another roll wrapping Dom’s leg, Brian and Damien grabbed a drink from the fridge and took the time to admire their work squirming on the kitchen floor occasionally teasing Dom by offering a drink.

When their drinks were done, Damien grabbed a new roll of plastic wrap from the storage room and began wrapping Dom’s feet together. Brian then grabbed Dom and stood him up on his feet holding his arms out stretched. “MMMM!! MMMMHHH!!” yelled Dom. He was in so much pain being forced to stand on his tip toes. Damien began wrapping his feet working his way up to his arm pits making several passes up and down Dom’s body. Brian lowered Dom’s arms as Damien continued wrapping his arms to his sides. Dom’s attempt at struggling looked merely like a branch swaying in the wind. Dom looked back and forth at Brian and Damien attempting to gesture with his eyes to let him out. Brian gestured to Damien to hold Dom. Damien took hold of Dom and Brian picked up the roll. Beginning at Dom’s shoulder, Brian wrapped Dom’s head with several layers of plastic leaving a hole just big enough for his nose. When they were done, Dom was in his own little cocoon. All signs of struggling ceased. Dom, trapped in plastic, began enjoying his predicament. Brian and Damien, after creating this cocoon left him there on the kitchen floor, helpless.

“Ever since then, I’ve been into this stuff.” said Dom.

“Oh wow. You’ve been into this for so long.” said Lisa, “I only got into this four years ago when Steve, my boyfriend, er, my ex-boyfriend, introduced it to me on our 1 year anniversary. He bought me a bed restraint kit.

**Lisa’s Flashback**

Lisa comes home Friday night from a hard day’s work. “Surprise!” yelled Steve. Steve spent the entire day cleaning and preparing the apartment and cooking a wonderful seafood dinner for their 1 year anniversary.

“Oh wow!” said Lisa, “You did all this?”

“We’ve been together for a year now and I want to make this special moment unforgettable.” said Steve.

Lisa walks into to the kitchen filled with the seafood Steve cooked an hour earlier. Steve pulls out a chair and gestures Lisa to sit. Lisa puts down her bags and joins Steve at the dinner table. She sits as Steve pushes the chair in. Lisa sniffs the air and says, “Smells great, sweetie.” Steve, walking into the kitchen, turns around blowing Lisa a kiss who giggles. Steve returns with a seafood platter and places it on the table.

“Ooh, I love seafood!” exclaims Lisa.

“Hope you like it Honey.” replied Steve.

Steve pours some Chardonnay and they eat the food chatting about their day today. When they finish, Steve says, “I’ve got another surprise for you.”

“There’s more?” asked Lisa. Steve gets up and grabs a box from the closet and hands it to Lisa saying, “Happy anniversary.” Lisa rips open the wrapping paper and opens the box.

“What’s this all about?” she said and he said, “We’re gonna try something a little different tonight.” Steve brought Lisa to the bedroom and it all came together for Lisa. “You like this?” asked Lisa. “Let’s try something different.” Steve straps Lisa to the bed and they have the most passionate sex they’ve ever had.

“Ah. So your ex-boyfriend got you into this.” interrupted Dom.

“Yeah.” answered Lisa, “He would buy a new toy every couple weeks and we’d see what we could do with it.”

“Sounds like you two had lots of fun together.” said Dom.

“Yeah, we did.” replied Lisa, “But then one day I dropped by early. When I entered the bedroom, there was a woman there. I yelled, ‘Who’s this?!?’ She made a quick bee line towards the exit and left. I asked him, ‘Who was that?’, and do you know what he said?”

“What?” asked Dom as he was starring at Lisa.

“He said, ‘Nobody.’ You believe that?!? I kept asking him, but I didn’t believe his answers. That’s when I left him. Oh, and did I mention that he was strapped to the bed using the same restraints he used on me at the beginning. I guess in her haste, she forgot to let him loose. From that point on, I decided to leave him, exactly how he was. In bed, restrained, helpless.”

“Oh wow. Why would anyone need to cheat on you? You’re so beautiful.” said Dom.

Lisa blushed and said, “It’s been so long since I had anyone to talk to about my fetish since the breakup. I’m so embarrassed about it that I haven’t been able to talk to my girlfriends I n fear I might slip up and reveal my secret.”

“I’m here now.” said Dom, “We both know each other’s secret.”

“Perhaps we could get together some night and play.” said Lisa. By this time, the buffalo wings and their drink were gone.

Dom said, “Let’s play tonight. We could try the new toy I delivered today.” Lisa paused for a second to think about it. “Sure.” she said confidently, “Come on over and we’ll continue this at my place.”

**Lisa’s Loft**

They arrive at Lisa’s 3rd floor loft which is just a few blocks away from the lounge. As Dom steps in, he notices the ceiling which must be close to 20’ high. “This used to be a beer distillery. They had the huge, noisy machinery in here. Because of that, the floors are reinforced and the walls are soundproof. I can’t hear a thing from outside, even when the huge semi-trucks come through. Lisa gives Dom a tour of her place and ends at her play room. The area is nearly hidden in the corner by floor to ceiling bookshelves with attached rolling ladders. If you didn’t know the play room was here, you would just think there were walls behind the book shelves. Lisa tosses her package in the play room and says, “Make yourself comfortable. Look around.” as she steps back out to get some drinks for the both of them.

Dom checks out the toys Lisa has. In center of the room is a black latex bed on a wrought iron frame. On the far wall, Dom sees a clothes rack filled with various red and black color clothing. To his right, he sees various restraints hung on the wall. To his left, he sees a few masks and hoods on a long table along the wall. And on the wall Dom entered through are various posters of mostly women in bondage. Lisa comes back wearing a black lycra catsuit covering her from her toes to her fingertips holding drinks and hands one to Dom. “You’ve got quite a selection here.” said Dom as he does a double-take.

“Yeah.” replies Lisa, “Working for a law firm that wins multimillion dollar cases has its perks. Come on.” Lisa waves Dom over to the bed and places her package on the bed and quickly opens it as Dom watches. She pulls out a lycra sleepsack with attached hood. “Nice.” says Dom.

“This is my first sleepsack.” Lisa said as she inspects the quality workmanship on the seams, “I saw this on the web and thought I just had to try it. Shall we?”

**Play Time**

Dom takes the sleepsack, unzips it and Lisa slips her arms into the sleeves. “How were you going to play with this by yourself?” asked Dom.

“I figured I could get in without the arm sleeves and zip it from the inside.” answered Lisa as she slipped her feet into the sack. She sat on the edge of the bed as Dom slowly closed the zipper. Dom tucked Lisa’s wavy brown hair inside the sack and pulled the hood over her head. Dom could tell Lisa was getting excited by her quicker chest movements as sounds of her breathing got louder through the nose holes. He moved her to the center of the bed and asked, “How are you doing?”

“Good.” she said.

“Great, now stay right there.” replied Dom, “I’ll be back in a minute.” Lisa thought to herself, “Where am I gonna go?”

Dom stepped out of the play room and returns putting something down next to Lisa on the bed. Dom takes Lisa’s hood off and she looks at him and notices a large duffle bag next to her. “What’s that?” she asked.

“Oh, just a few toys of my own.” Lisa hadn’t noticed that Dom had been carrying the duffle bag ever since they left the lounge.

“What toys?” she asked. As Dom dug through the bag, Lisa could hear metallic clanking sounds. Dom pulled out a mouth gag. “What’s that?” said Lisa in a nervous voice. Dom straddled Lisa and continued to place the gag on Lisa as she struggle helplessly under his weight. Lisa tried to scream, but the only sounds that came out were muffled. Dom then took out a tiny mp3 player and a set of ear phones that he stuck into Lisa’s ears placing the player behind her neck. All she could hear now was the white noise that Dom had set to repeat. He then pulled out a roll of medical tape and taped Lisa’s eye shut. This effectively made her blind, deaf and mute. As Dom put the hood back on her head, he locked the zipper. Then he pulled out a large item from his duffle. He brought his own latex hood with a hole for the nose and heavy latex sleepsack. It looked way too small for either of them to fit inside. The latex was so thick, it barely made any creases.

Dom started by placing Lisa’s head into the hood tightly lacing up the back until both edges met. Lisa tried to struggle, but couldn’t do anything to stop it. Lisa could only breathe from her nose now. Her mouth was gagged and covered by a layer or lycra and latex. Her lycra covered nose was the only feature you could see through the latex hood. Dom continued on by putting Lisa’s feet into the latex sleepsack. The shoulders of the sack barely reached her chest. Dom then flipped Lisa over to her stomach so that she was lying on the latex sack. Dom bent her at the waist forcing her shoulders into the sack. Once she was securely in, he pushed her down forcing her to straighten making the heavy latex sleepsack stretch to her height. The latex was so strong that it nearly made Lisa bend again. Dom quickly zipped the sack leaving Lisa compressed within.

He then placed a posture collar from Lisa’s collection on her neck and tightened the laces. He rolled Lisa back onto her back and was now looking at a large latex mass on a latex bed. Dom got closer to Lisa’s head and said loudly, “How you doing?” All he heard back was a low muffle as she continued to struggle futilely in the sacks. “Good.” he said, “I’m not done just yet.”

He pulled out a length of rope from his duffle and began stringing the rope between the D-rings along the sides of the heavy latex sleepsack to the wrought iron bed frame. When he was done, the large latex mass was securely tied to the frame. Any movement was now impossible for Lisa. Any hope of screaming was now beyond her abilities. She couldn’t hear anything outside of the white noise playing in her ears. Lisa thought to herself, “What have I gotten myself into? I barely know this guy and now he’s got me trapped here in my own home. I can’t move anything. Whatever he put on me is so tight and it’s making me hot and sweaty. I can barely breathe. I don’t know how long I can last in here. When is he going to let me out? IS he going to let me out?!?
