---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Offa’s Dyke
authors:
- Nickerlas
tags:
- n/a
---

Offa’s Dyke
In the late eighth century, King
Offa of Mercia ordered a boundary to be made between his kingdom, which
was most of Southern England and the Midlands, and the lands held by the
tribesmen of Wales.It was an earth
bank some 20 ft high fronted by a wide ditch almost as deep, and ran most
of the way between the Dee estuary near Chester and the Severn estuary
near Chepstow.Although never regularly
garrisoned it firmly defined Wales, and the border still largely holds.

Today Offa’s Dyke is a long-distance
recreational footpath, walked by many hundreds of backpackers every year.Some
do it carrying tents and full gear, some do short lengths for a Sunday
outing; I decided to do it stark naked and handcuffed.

Not all of it, of course.I
checked out the large-scale maps looking for a stretch about a mile long
that crossed a road at each end, which proved surprisingly rare.The
Dyke is about half an hour’s drive due West from where I live, just north
of the mid-point and with some of the best-surviving sections.It
is hilly, beautiful, sometimes bleak sometimes-wooded country, and the
lanes are infrequent.Most intervals
on the Dyke were much too long, but I found a couple which looked promising
and drove over one afternoon to scout around.

The first place was right on top
of a hill and very bleak, no trees and much wind.The
Dyke only cut off a loop of the road and was visible from it.It
was also too short.Not exciting
enough.

At the second place
the Dyke path ended in a wooden stile, then a steep slope down to the lane.The
footpath followed the lane after that.I
climbed the stile and saw the path followed a hedge along the edge of a
large meadow field – evidently the Dyke itself had been completely ploughed
out.At the far end of the field
I saw another stile in what from a distance looked a very muddy section,
but I knew I had left my car blocking the lane and hurried back.The
walk looked fun, but the parking problem clearly meant I would have to
start from the other end.

The map showed that the other
end shared an entrance with a hotel, and when I got there (a long circuitous
drive) I found the hotel had once been a Victorian country gentleman’s
residence.There was a large, two-storied,
castellated stone gatehouse with an archway through the middle.Under
the arch were doors each side leading to what had been gatekeepers’ accommodation,
and one side at least looked as if it was still in occupation.If
you are someone who is lucky enough to have walked this section of the
Dyke then you must surely recognise the feature.

The Offa’s Dyke fingerpost pointed
through the arch.I went through.Immediately
beyond, a formal drive curled away lined with trees, hedge and wire fence
making an impressive but impassable barrier.About
100 yards up the drive another fingerpost identified the Dyke path branching
off to the right through a gate.

Following that I found myself
in an old area of woodland; it was early March and the ground was covered
with a breathtakingly beautiful carpet of snowdrops.I’ve
never seen snowdrops like it before or since.I
was admiring them as two hardy hikers came down the path towards me and
we chatted cheerily for a while; they were going on until dusk, hoping
to reach the next town.

The path wound through this wood
for a while, then climbed up onto a long embankment.This
was Offa’s original rampart, still a good eight feet above ground level
but surrounded with trees.A delightful
walk, I was captivated.I went up
it a little way and decided that, once the weather got warmer, this was
where I would take my evening stroll.I
was parked easily, outside the gatehouse, and I noticed a surprising number
of cars coming and going up the drive as I walked back to it.Clearly
the hotel was having a function this afternoon.

Where did I make the mistake?I
should have explored the whole route, not just the two ends.

Two or three months later I set
out again, going first to the end with the stile.There
I left the spare car key knotted into a white plastic bag stuffed under
the hedge just over the stile, so I could find it in the dark.Then
I drove to the gatehouse and parked.I
made sure my pair of handcuffs was unlocked and put the key into the glove
compartment.

It was only just getting dusk.
I guessed this was the most risky part of the whole trip, but the place
seemed deserted so after a while I slipped off my jacket, got out of the
car and locked it with the keys inside.

To get back into the car I would
have to get the spare key from the other end of the path.I
was wearing nothing but boots and a cockstrap, and carrying a torch and
a pair of handcuffs.

Inasmuch as anyone can glide quietly
in a pair of British army-surplus commando boots I moved rapidly up the
drive and through the gate into Snowdrop Wood.Time
to pause, take stock, wait till my heart was operating evenly again and
start enjoying the walk.I slipped
the cord loop of the flashlight over one wrist so I wouldn’t lose it and
clicked on one side of the cuffs.Then
I put both hands behind my back and clicked the other.Several
deep breaths later I set off.

There was still just enough light
for me to see where I was going as I strolled along the top of the Dyke
path, although thin branches occasionally whipped my chest and tree-roots
across the track could easily trip me.That
was quite a danger, since with my arms pinioned it would be easy to fall.It
had been a warm day but now the cooler air on my naked body felt very sexy.The
old eight-inch woke up and stretched.As
the trees thinned, I could see the hotel drive over to my left curving
back towards me, lit up by frequent car headlights.Another
function?I began to get uneasy.

After about ten minutes of walking
I came out of a clump of trees and stopped dead.

Oh… Shit!

The hotel was there all right,
looming dark with a few lights burning, but all the land between it and
the Dyke path, for as far ahead as I could see, was packed with ranks of
caravans.Readers in the States would
probably call it a holiday trailer park.The
path ran all along the edge of the caravan site at high level, still six
to eight feet up, and protected only by scrubby bushes growing on the sloping
side of the Dyke itself.The wire
fence bounding the site had the occasional gate to give access to my footpath.It
was darker now, but anyone looking in my direction could surely see me,
a light-coloured object showing up against a dark backdrop of woodland.

Most of the vans had lights on,
and some people were walking about.I
waited a while, but soon realised I had no choice but to press on.I
could just see the path well enough to walk it without switching on the
torch, which would have made me even more noticeable.I
crept slowly on.The nearest vans
were only about six feet from the bottom of the Dyke, I could see over
their roofs.Once a man came out
of a van just as I was passing; I froze, heart thumping, but he didn’t
look up.

About three vans from the end
of the site I had another shock.A
dog outside a caravan door suddenly started barking wildly up at me!A
quick look told me it was tied to something, but surely its owner would
come out to see what the trouble was.I
flicked on the torch and made rapid speed to the safety of the woodland
past the end of the site.

When handcuffed like that, the
only way to shine the torch on the path in front of you is to point it
between your legs, which has the effect of highlighting anything hanging
in the way.This hadn’t struck me
before and the idea got me quite randy.I
went back to the edge of the caravan site and flashed my hard-on at them
for a bit, but probably no-one noticed.I
even called “Hello campers” (a catch phrase from an old UK TV show) but
not too loudly.

A little further on the bank came
down steeply where a stream crossed its line.Cows
had churned the whole area up into a quagmire which I got very muddy trying
to cross, and beyond was the stile I had seen in the distance on my first
visit.Just try going over a stile
in the dark in slippery boots with your hands handcuffed, especially when
some bastard farmer has nailed barbed wire across the top rail.I
tried it backwards, very gingerly, and made it across.

After that it was a simple and
pleasant stroll to the end where I’d left the car key.The
bag had a string tied to it with a noose so I could tighten it round a
wrist, and that done I set off cheerfully back to the gatehouse.It
was half an hour since I had started and by now fully dark.The
stile was easier the second time but I made the mistake of jumping down
the last bit, slipped in the mud and ended up sitting in squelch and cowshit.The
torch still worked, once I’d scraped its lens, and I checked I hadn’t lost
the precious key.

As I neared the caravan site I
switched off the torch.This was
going to be tricky.I decided to
move a short distance at a time, giving only a brief flash of the torch
to scan the next section.

Then I saw a flashlight on the
path up ahead of me!

This time I was sure I was in
real trouble.If I switched on my
own torch it would easily be seen.I
tiptoed down the side of the embankment and crouched down behind some bushes,
watching the torch flickering nearer.(The
bushes turned out to be very prickly gorse on close acquaintance.)It
was a man and a dog, perhaps the same dog that saw me earlier, and I realised
that the chances of hiding from a dog are pretty slim.The
torch stopped perhaps fifty yards away while the dog shat all over Britain’s
greatest medieval earthwork, then turned around and went back to the campsite.I
heard a gate click, and slowly relaxed and stood up.

The caravanners by now seemed
all to be inside their plywood boxes and relief from my narrow escape made
me less cautious, breezing along merrily with the torch shining.Soon
I was past and in Snowdrop Wood, then I was peering out of the gate onto
the hotel drive.A car swept down
the road in a blaze of headlights and I peered back in again fast.Once
I was on that driveway I had to go right on to the gatehouse, there was
no place to hide in between.In the
distance there were lights in the gatehouse windows.

All was quiet.Nothing
to do but GO.Rapidly.I
set off.Then a door opened under
the gatehouse arch and a man came out and crossed to the door opposite
leaving both doors open.I just froze
on the edge of the driveway, hoping another car wouldn’t come by.The
man went back into his own house, shutting both doors.

The adrenaline was pretty high
by now, but one last terror awaited.Outside
the arch I could see the red light of a parked car!

Perhaps someone was sitting there
waiting…

Still, I couldn’t stand here in
the driveway like a naked and muddy lemon until the next car came.I
sidled through the arch with torch doused to have a good look at that car.It
was empty.What’s more, it was mine!I
must have left the parking lights on when I left it.

I just unlocked the cuffs, spread
my coat on the driver’s seat and drove away.

Why does one do these stupid things?It’s
a finely calculated risk, combined with a test of resource should unexpected
events occur.It’s the adrenaline.It’s
being 100% alert. It’s the delicious feeling of nude at night. And it’s
such a sexy adventure!

*Nickerlas*

27/11/01
