---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Walk
authors:
- M88
tags:
- Sbf
- outdoors
- latex
- catsuit
- harness
- hood
- gag
- gasmask
- boots
- chast
- cuffs
- collar
- electro
- shock
- toys
- insert
- caught
- M-f
- bond
- tape
- dumpster
- hum
- mast
- climax
- cons-reluct
- X
date: 2014-10-10 00:00:00
---

It was a warm summer’s night as Jess waited for the clock to hit 2:30am. She was about to do a very daring self-bondage walk from one end of town to the other. She would be undertaking this massive adventure in the small market town of Witney. Jess lived and worked in the Cotswold town. She was sitting in her old and dirty small car in the north end of town. She was parked right next to a local secondary school as she got ready. She had already placed the keys to her restraints in a location far away in the south. She had placed them in a car park for a small business that would be closed all weekend, the keys had been taped to a lamppost.

Jess was a tall 19 year old with an hourglass figure and long legs, her black hair dropped down over her neck and face, it covered her beautiful brown eyes and lovely red lips. She was sitting in her car completely naked as she rubbed her shaved cunt and played with her large breasts. She moved her naked self onto the back seats and was met by a box of kinky toys. The darkness and ungodly hour meant no one saw her. Her heart was racing as she opened her special box. She was wet and horny as her pussy juice covered hands got the first item out the box. It was a full latex catsuit in a crimson red colour. The catsuit had holes for her breasts, pussy and ass. Her pussy and ass had a humiliating condom suit design with a rubber hole around the openings. The rubber continued deep inside her sex holes and stopped her from playing with herself.

She looked like a red rubber doll as she zipped the suit closed. The strong smell of rubber filled the car. She had taken 15 minutes to struggle herself into the tight fitting suit and shine the outer rubber up. She had a heavy leather harness with built-in electrical breasts cups as well as a dildo and butt plug. The dildo and butt plug had been made from thick glass. The sex toys joined on to a "Y" shaped harness that joined the main body harness. The two harnesses worked together to kept the victim bound and controlled. The "Y" harness ran from her pussy/ass, which was the top part of the "Y". The lower part went all the way to her ankles and would keep them bound together.

The main leather covered her shoulders, stomach, neck and ran between her legs. The top and bottom harness linked up and overlapped in three locations, between her legs and each side of her groin. The two harness locked together like a glove and she would be unable remove them when bound. The glass breasts cup could be vacuumed and shocked. The cups would press into her body and keep blood in her perfect tits, which would make the shocks to them more painful.

She locked the thick leather harness into position and tight against her rubber body. The rubber was hidden under the large leather straps and housing for the breast cup and sex toys. She had to lay with her legs across the back seat because of the metal bondage pole. She pushed her hair away from her face and pushed her head inside a rubber bondage hood. The hood had a large built-in gag as well as ear plugs and headphones. The combination of ear plugs and headphones cut out all but the loudest of sounds. The hood had four small holes drilled into it. Two of them for her nose so she could breathe the clean outdoor air. The hood also had one for each of her eyes, she could just about see out of them, but her field of vision was very limited.

It only added to her excitement and fear as she locked a tall leather collar around her neck. The collar kept the hood on and also joined on to the leather harness. She opened the car door and with a bit of a wriggling was in the outside world. The warm air flowed over her body as she pumped her breasts cups all the way up. She could feel her breasts pop deeply into the see through cups. She then locked her feet together with thick metal cuffs. The chain was locked to the metal pole from the harness. This stopped her moving too quickly and meant she had to walk slowly.

She got the last two items out of her car and then locked it. She placed the keys on a small loop on the front of her collar. The fact she would need to get back to car after she had found the key and undid her restraints was fetish heaven. She strapped a rubber gas mask over her face. The full face mask had a clear glass front and was pulled tightly shut around her hood. The gas mask already had hoses attached to it and that lead to a bubble bottle. The bottle made the user breath through a liquid in order to get the air they needed. With each grasp of air the bottle would fill with bubbles. The harness had a built-in holder for the bottle it was on her back just below her neck. She pushed the bottle into the holder and locked it in place. She had been breathing in the strong smell of piss the second she put the mask on her head.

The hoses ran round both sides of her head to meet the bottle. Her breathing was now smelly and difficult, plus it made her louder as she walked along. She double checked all the locks and straps and gave them all a quick pull to tighten them. She locked her right hand in handcuffs as she turned the electricity and vibrators on. Quickly moving her hands behind her back and closing the other cuff around her left hand. She struggled to close it as tightly as she wanted. She then pushed each cuff into her back at the same time. Both slammed shut as the shocks started.

It suddenly hit Jess that she was bound and gagged outside. She was now unable to get back into her car and the only way to free herself was the other end of town. She had already planned the route she would take and started slowly walking down a passageway. The side street was making Jess feel a little claustrophobic as the trees brushed against her suit. If anyone was walking the other way down this narrow track, she would be in trouble. They would see her and have to walk past her. She would be unable to hide or ran away. The chains stopped her from running along the dark and scary alleyway. The short cut joined on a dirt track, which was poorly lit. She made it to dirt track without being seen or heard.

The bubbles were going mad with each breath she took. The smell of piss filled her nose as she made her way down the long path. Most of her journey would be down pathways like this. With nothing or no one around. But at a couple of parts she would have to cross a main road into the town. It was the only way to bypass the town centre and the people out on the town drinking.

The chains restrained her from moving too quickly and made her wish she could just walk as normal. She finally reached the end of the dirt path and was meet by the first real test of her bondage walk. It was a busy main road and even at 3:17am it had cars going along it. The traffic did have gaps for her to get across without being seen, plus she was right next to a pedestrian crossing and cars would have to stop for her. Even if it would be humiliating for them to see her. She would be safe.

She waiting for all the headlights to disappear and she went for it. Walking as fast as she could to the crossing with her vision and hearing almost gone. She glared through her bondage hood as she looked into the darkness. The road was empty and she slowly started crossing it. She was well over half way, when she spotted a light in the corner of her eye. A car was coming down the road towards her and she didn't know if she would make it to the darkness on the other side. She tried to quicken the pace as the light got bigger. She stepped onto the pavement and into the shadows as the car flashed past. The driver never even spotted her crossing the road.

She waited a minute or so for her heart to stop racing and her breathing to slow. She had been so focused on not being found in rubber bondage that she had completely forgotten the pain hitting her breasts and the pleasure filling her pussy and ass. She now needed to walk down a long street with houses on one side and trees on the other. The trees would help hide her from people looking out their windows. The cover the trees offered meant she had to walk in the road.

She made her way down the road with it looking almost endless to her. In the back of her mind the vibrators and breasts cups could not be forgotten. They had started forcing themselves right into the centre of her thinking. She was loudly moaning into her gag as the torture kept going. Her breasts felt like needles had been shot into it. Her holes on the other hand felt amazing as the toys worked their magic.

She was folding over with pleasure as her pussy juice ran down her leg. She was breathing so quickly it made some of the liquid drip into her gas mask. The bubble bottle was looking like a volcano erupting. Her breasts felt like someone had set fire to them as the pain grew to uncontrollable levels. She had an unbelievably powerful orgasm as everything climaxed at the same time. She almost toppled over into the trees as it ripped through her.

It was only took her a minute or two to get back to the real world. She had completely forgotten about her self-bondage walk and how she was dressed. With sweat running down her rubber covered back and condensation coating the glass of her gas mask and breasts cups. She was very near to the end of the road and wanted to get into the darkness of some fields. They would normally be busy with people coming and going from town. But at 3:48am the area was empty and walking slyly through it without any problems. The next bit was a little bit more risky as she would be heading towards the town centre and a main ring road.

She slipped passed a couple of cows and stumbled over a cattle grid and through a swing gate. She was out the field with only the cows spotting her. The footpath she found herself on was isolated and surrounded by trees and fields. But people used it as a short-cut through and in the limited light, they could come out of nowhere. She needed to be brave and kept going.

She had been making good progress as she got closer to the ring road. When out the darkness she spotted a bright light shirt. Someone was walking towards her. Thank god they had not come from behind her. She would have been in real trouble if she had not been right next to a couple of bushes. She almost jumped into the bush the second she saw them. Trying to move her whole bound body into her new safety net was a nightmare but somehow she got herself out of sight just in time. The man walked by in a drunken haze as he struggled to stay upright. He had no idea about Jess and her self-bondage. Jess fought to get herself out the bush and back on her feet. Her catsuit, leather harness, gas mask and restraints looked fine and she headed off again.

She walked the rest of the way without seeing anyone and reached the ring road at 4:09am. The ring road had a path which was hidden from the drivers by bushes and trees. But it did run out just before the car park that housed her keys. The walk along the footpath was easy and apart from her vibrators and breasts cups picking back up, it was uneventful. But as she got to the end of the footpath and was about to cross the road she was hit by a storm of pain and pleasure. She could only just get herself into the car park and was sweating heavily as the orgasms rocketed into her. She found the lamppost with her keys still taped to it and crashed into it as her legs gave way. She spent the next 20 minutes of her life in orgasmic heaven and electric torture hell.

She finally got the feeling back in her body and was able to grab the keys and struggle to her feet. She could almost smell her sex covered pussy through the rubber suit. She undid the cuffs around her hands and feet, she could now walk normally and should get back to her car a lot quicker. She was full on running for the first 5 minutes, she exited the car park and zoomed round the ring road and up through the field. She was almost half way to her car by the time she stopped running. It then hit her, why the hell did her still have the gas mask over her head. It was slowing her down and filled her nose with the smell of piss. She removed it and started to run again. She made it all the way back to the car.

The air was whistling through her air hole and her heart was going a million miles an hour. Her catsuit was dripping with sweat and her cunt was dripping with pleasure. Her tits had turned red with a blob of purple around the nipples. She had loved the whole self-bondage walk. But now just wanted to get home and go to bed. She removed her car keys from her collar and unlocked the door.

She went straight to sleep the second her ass hit the seat. She was still wearing her latex outfit and bondage equipment. She needed to wake up before anyone walked by. The sun was coming up behind her as the clock hit 6am. Time was running out for her.

Part 2: Endless Keys

Jess still had flashbacks and nightmares about her last self bondage session. She had made it back to the freedom and safety of her car, only to fall sound asleep. She was woken by a knocking sound a couple of hours later. With a wall of people looking at her as they filmed her on their phones. She had driven away as quickly as she could and hoped no one knew or recognized her. She had been humiliated and degraded by her own hand. But the feeling was amazing and she wanted to do it again. Her submissive side had loved the moment she got out of her car in her rubber suit and went inside her home. Her heart was still racing as sweat dripped from her rubber body. The dehumanization of looking like a rubber doll or sex slave in public had made her wet. She had no idea what happened to the videos and pictures that had been taken. She didn't know if anyone knew her or if she had gotten away with it. She left it 6 weeks before she started planning another session.
She come up with an evil and very kinky self bondage outing. She needed to buy a list of new stuff and plan a new route. She looked on Amazon and found a key access box which needed a pin to open it. So you enter the pin and the box opens so you can get the key. Jess paid for 10 of them and also got herself a new outfit to wear. It was a full black rubber gimp suit with built in hands and feet. It was a size smaller then she needed so it would squeeze her body. She got a pair a ballet boots that went up to her knees. Along with a head harness muzzle gag and transparent breath control hood. She had also spent money on new bondage equipment and sex toys. A steel chastity belt and bra was her favourite new item. Along with the new larger metal vibrators for her pussy and ass, which would keep her happy.
As for the bondage side of her new stuff was a metal spread bar, thumb cuffs, Two thick metal handcuffs, leather posture collar and chains. She needed to wait a couple of weeks for all the equipment to arrive at her home. But when it did finally come, she was over the moon. She had planned the location of the key boxes and the route she would take. She would wait until 11pm before going out and hiding the keys. Her heart was going a million miles an hour by the time 11pm rolled around. She had the key boxes in a small bag and had numbered them 1 to 10. She had removed the keys and replaced them with a bit of paper with the code for the next boxes. All the keys to her self bondage would be in the finally box. The locations she had picked would make the trip executing and humiliating if discovered. She placed the boxes that the following locations around her home of Witney.

On the front door of her next door neighbour's house
A bus station near her house
On the entry sign to the town
In her ex-boyfriends garden
On the gate of the local football club
On the side of a main road going into the town centre
In a bush at a local pub on the main road
Outside the doors of the cinema
On the door of her best friend's house
Outside her work's office block

She had walked miles to put the keys in the right locations and would now need to wait a couple of hours for the clock to hit 2am. It was a Monday night in February and no one was around. She had not seen one person on her walk to hide the boxes and was confident she would not be spotted on her self bondage trip. The weather outside was overcast and not too cold as she put all the fetish stuff on her bed. She lubed up the suit and her beautiful body. She pushed the warm rubber over her legs and forced the two sex toys into her wet pussy and lubed ass. They filled her completely as she let out a soft moan. She worked the rubber suit over them and continued up her body. She squeezed her arms into the sleeves of the suit and pushed it over her shoulders. She worked over all the folds and wrinkles as she smoothed the surface of the rubber. She struggled to close the zip of the size too small catsuit. But after giving it a couple of big pulls it reached the top. She worked her rubber hands over the suit and held her hands over her face and took a large intake of breath.
The smell of the rubber suit was amazing and the thought of adding the bondage equipment was making her horny. She placed her feet and legs into the ballet boots and laced them closed. Walking would not be very fun any more. She wasted no time as she wrapped the cuffs of the spreader bar around her ankles. The bar was long each to keep her legs in a triangle shape. Which would make walking hard work and made the rubber over her legs look stunning. She then put the steel chastity belt and bra over her sex parts. The very tight fitting steel devices where easy to put in place and lock shut. She was now unable to play with her pussy, ass and breast. It also trapped the sex toys deep inside her hot body. The silver chastity devices looked amazing against the black rubber. She opened her mouth and forced the ball of the muzzle gag inside. She pulled the straps tightly shut around her head and padlocked them. The ball kept her lips open and the muzzle covered them in tight and thick leather.
She then picked up the two heavy duty handcuffs and closed the left cuff of both around her left arm at her wrist and above her elbow. She then placed the rubber breath control hood over her face. She pulled the hood down her neck and worked out any air pockets as she closed the zip. She would need to complete the rest of her self bondage with limited air. She wrapped the leather posture collar around her neck and padlocked it in place. She then linked a heavy metal chain from the collar to the spread bar. It would stop her moving her head too much and stop her from removing the hood. She left her keys outside her back door and put the thumb cuff into it's position. She checked her catsuit and chastity for any problems and then closed the cuffs. Her arms had been restrained behind her back at three points and her bound legs made her walk in a weird way. The first key was only next door and would be easy.
She walked around the front of her neighbour's house and slowly stepped towards the front door. She was trying not to make a sound and was not doing very well. Her catsuit was squeaking with each step she took and the chains had no mute option. She was sweating by the time she reached the front door and getting her body into the right position was a nightmare. She had to almost sit down to enter the pin as her hood ballooned out with each exhale of breath. She finally got the stupid thing to open. She still had to struggle to pick up the bit of paper and stand up. She had to twist her body and hold her breath in order to read the number. She then moved on to the next one.

She was panicked a little and having second thoughts about her master plan. What if the trip took a long time, she would be out in daylight in a rubber gimp suit and bondage stuff. Her breath was quick  and light as she walked as fast as the spread bar would let her. She could walk at a good pace and made it to the bus stop in good time. The key was easy to find and easy to open. She remembered the number and kept going. It helped her relax a bit as she started walking up a long hill. If this was daytime, cars would be flying passed her. But no one was around as she made the hard walk up the hill. She could feel the sweat running around on the inside of her suit. But she had got to the top and the code was soon in her mind.
Her catsuit was like an swimming pool by the time she had the code and her arms had started to hurt. Her feet where on fire as the ballet boots made walking in them almost impossible. Her lungs had been crying out for more air ever since she had put the hood on her head. She forced herself to keep moving and heading for her ex-boyfriend's house. It was a long walk and she was lucky no one was around. She got to the house and started looking for the box. It should be on the edge of his garden and easy to reach from the pathway. She then heard a car coming and hit the ground. The road had cars on both side of the walkway and she got behind one. The lights got brighter and the sound of the engine got louder. The car zoomed by in a flash of lights and sounds. Jess was lucky not to have been seen. She was still sitting down, when she spotted the box. It was a little to the left of where she remembered putting it. She crawled along the floor and stretched her fingers around the box. Then another car was coming and she risked it. She was not in the open and she was moving the box into her hand. The car went passed her a bit slower this time and for a heart stopping second she through she had been seen.  
She got the code and set off on the short walk to the football ground. The road heading to the ground was completely dark and empty. It was almost boring getting the code from the box and left her wanting more. She was halfway through her self bondage trip and the next one would be harder. The main road had cars going down it every 20 seconds. She would be seen by some one if she walked down the road. But two of the codes she needed had been placed on this route. It was no longer boring. It was then the vibrators started up. She had forgotten about them completely and cum straight away in a wave of lust. Her eyes filled with pleasure and passion as she stepped out of the shadows and into a world of humiliation.

Just one step at a time as cars, buses and lorry's passed her rubber bondage body. Their lights shining off her soft rubber suit and metal restraints. She got the first code as sweat and cum dropped down her legs. She was moaning away behind the huge gag as she made it to the pub. The pub was closed and finding the code was once again easy. But she needed to sit down and orgasm again. She spent half an hour blowing the hood in and out at a rapid speed. Her muscles had become sore and painful from the break as she walked through  short cut to the cinema. She was right in the centre of town and was very very lucky no one was around. She was lighting quick at finding the code and almost ran to her friends house.
Her friend lived in a house just outside the town centre. She slowly walked through the streets with her rubber suit squeaking away. She was now starting to look like a dirty slut as she orgasmed again. The breath control was killing her and making monsters out of her sex toys. Her ankles had started to hurt like hell and her hands had gone numb. She needed to get back home soon and upped her walking speed. She grabbed the code in a heart beat from her friends home. Her adrenalin was maxed out and she was starting to panic again. She could feel the cum from her pussy drip outside her suit and down her legs. It had come from the gaps in her zip over her crotch. Drool had also worked it's way out of her gag and was filling her hood.
She was once again in the town centre and walking towards her work and also towards her home. She used all the shadows she could find to transverse through town. She made it to her work without being seen. The key box should be by the front door on her right hand side in a small bush. She wanted to be freed for her hateful bondage and breath control. Her hair was soaked through with sweat and it stayed trapped in the transparent hood. The heavy handcuffs had imprisoned her for long enough and it was time to finish her session. But as she struggled to get her restrained rubber body into a position to reach the keys. She felt a sharp pull on her bondage collar and her face was pushed backwards. She was now facing the sky with legs folded like a frog and her back arched. Through the expanding rubber hood a face come into view. Looking down on her as the hood moved up and down at a lighting speed. She let out a loud moan as they showed her a small box. She knew it was the box which housed her escape keys.
She could see it was a man as she was lifted to her feet. She was pleading with him through her leather muzzle gag as the ball inside her mouth turned her words to gibberish. The hood made it imposable to see his face clearly as she was forced to walk round to the back of the building. Her vibrators had her panicked and almost asphyxiated body on the edge of a massive orgasm. The office block was right next to a low standard seafood restaurant. She was walked over to the large bins of the restaurant and he opened one up. He placed the box with the keys inside the very full bin. She had no will to fight him as he ordered her to stand still. He went off for 2 minutes and come back with a large roll of duct tape. She was still standing next to the bins as he wrapped her knees together. He also wrapped her hands and elbows to her rubber back. He then used the tape to cover her eyes and this cut down the amount of air she could get.
She now had less air and more bondage as she was told what to do. "I have placed the box filled with the keys to your freedom in the bin right in front of you. I want you to crawl into the bin and get the keys. The bin is used by a seafood restaurant and should be filled with old fish. You should find the experience of smelling like fish a bit humiliating as you walk home. Now I'm just going to take some photos and send them to every one I know. I hope you find the keys in good time as the restaurant opens in an hour and a half. And it's the same with the office behind you. Have fun"
She struggled to even take a step forward in her new added bondage. But somehow she got to the bin and the smell of fish filled her nose. She had to flip herself over the edge of the bin to get inside. She was lucky he had place the box on the surface and after rolling into position. Which took a lot of work and left her light headed. She had orgasm after orgasm as she struggled with the pin pad. She finlly opened it and grabbed the first key. She used it to cut away the duct tape and open her wrist cuff. She soon had all the cuffs undone and removed her collar and hood. She removed the duct tape from the hood after she had taken it off. She removed all the bondage equipment and looked down at her dirty rubber suit. She left the suit on and gag in as she walked home. She was holding her bondage stuff in her arms. She could still smell fish as she opened her back door. She had walked passed a number of cars and people and she didn't care at all. She was so wet and horny from the added humiliation, she wanted to do it again.
She went to her bedroom as the vibrators kicked in again and quickly orgasmed with her hands over her face. She was breathing in the smell of humiliation and rubber. And she loved it.
M88
