---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: An Old School Friend
authors:
- Doctor Latex
tags:
- F+/f
- D/s
- latex
- catsuits
- neoprene
- bagged
- transported
- captive
- enslave
- multi-layer
- sendep
- submerge
- cath
- toys
- climax
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2013-07-15 00:00:00
---

My name is Harriet Alders and I am 24 years of age and have a good degree in Marketing and was lucky enough to get a really good job with a top marketing company and after two years I have been chosen as employee of the year and am to be presented with a prize at a very posh do at a large hotel and although I have all my clothes, my dress is wonderful and is a deep blue, all I need now is a pair of bloody shoes to match it hence my walking round the shops on a Thursday morning in pouring down rain getting absolutely soaked and looking like a drowned rat, I am just about to give up when I spot a shoe shop I had not noticed before and went off to see what they had got, only to find that as it was lunchtime it was bloody closed, I could not believe it and in the window were a pair that looked absolutely right if they had my size they would be great.

As I stood looking in the window a voice that sounded familiar said, “Harry is that you I can’t believe it!”

I looked round but all I saw was two eyes and a mass of shining slick black plastic coat from which the rain was running in rivulets, “I’m sorry I can’t see your face do I know you?” I asked.

“Of course you do Harry it’s George, Georgina Johnson, you remember Carlton High school, I just knew it was you”.

“George what a surprise what are you doing out in this weather although in that plastic outfit you are nice and dry I bet?” I said.

“Yes I am lovely and dry but the coat is not plastic love it’s rubber and about quarter of an inch thick and then I am totally sealed in 7 layers of skintight suits underneath it, come on lets go and get a coffee you really do look very uncomfortable, come on my treat,” and off we went to find a coffee.

She lead me through the town centre and to a café in a back street. “This doesn’t look much but the coffee is wonderful, come on they know me in here.”

We went in and the person there said to my surprise, “Madam Latex it is a pleasure to have you in my humble establishment again how may I help you today?”

“Thank you Louigi, two coffee’s and we will sit at the corner table,” George said and it was a statement and not a request and we went to sit at a quiet corner table and George started to unclip her coat hood and then undid all the heavy metal clips right down to the floor and the left side of the coat seemed to fall open to reveal a long zip from her neck down to the floor. “This is why I am dry, the zip is like the ones used on diving suits and is completely watertight wait till I get it off and show you what’s underneath,” she said.

I was intrigued, George Johnson? She was the wimpiest girl in the school and all of four feet eleven, could this woman before me be the same girl, she must have been well over six feet and she was built like a Amazon and everything was in perfect proportion and I mean everything she was beautiful I could not wait to see her face but I was in for a shock. She pulled the zip down to the bottom of her coat and slid out of it and I mean slid, it sort of slithered from off her shoulders as if it had a life of it’s own and I could see that it was really thick and looked incredibly heavy.

“Here Harry try it on you’ll love it once your all fastened up in it!” I stood up and she helped me into this amazing coat, it was really, really heavy but felt somehow snug and comforting I was having some really strange feelings, the inside unlike the outside was a matt finish but was amazingly slick and smooth to the touch and, as it was after all summer time I only had on a halter top and very short skirt under my totally inadequate raincoat, so the rubber was slithering over my bare skin and I have to tell you it felt really strange but really nice.

George got me into the coat and fastened up the heavy zip and then started to fasten all the clips up the front until they reached my neck. “We’ll leave the hood until we go outside then you can have your coffee.”

Now I had not had a chance to look at her properly as she was undressing and then dressing me so I got quite a shock when I looked at her. She was completely covered from head to toe in skintight shiny red and black rubber even her head except for her face and as I looked I realised that even that was covered by a thick transparent rubber mask with just her heavily made up eyes and bright red lipstick, she looked fantastic in a strange sort of weird way I couldn’t believe it.

“Well what do you think it’s the most wonderful material really and the feeling once you are completely sealed in is absolute bliss, you will have to come and see my house and try on some of my other costumes, I know what are you doing over the weekend? It’s a bank holiday we could have nearly five days to have some rubber fun! Oh come on Harry you will love it I promise, Oh do say you will come, please?”

It was an offer that I was somewhat taken aback by and even though the rubber of the coat felt really nice and would indeed keep me lovely and dry I really didn’t know whether or not this was such a good idea. The idea of being completely sealed in rubber was to say the least unnerving and as I remembered more about Georgina the more I was a bit concerned, at school she was a bully and no-one liked her, I had to decide what to do?

Oh what the hell could she do to me in 5 days, I decided that it might be fun and so agreed to go along for the fun, it wasn’t until sometime later that I realised how much you can do to someone who is to all intents and purposes sealed inside a rubber skin.

I said I would love to come for the weekend and she told me that she lived about 30 miles away and that we should go straight away so as not to waste any time, so we stood and made to leave.
“Now lets go out in the rain but first just a little adjustment, and some mittens to keep your nice hands dry,” said George and put her hand in the pocket and all of a sudden the inside of the hood seemed to get tighter and then pulled some heavy rubber mittens from her bag and forced my hands into them and strapped them tight to my wrists.

“It’s OK love I am just inflating the hood so that you are really well sealed in, won’t be a minute” she said as the hood got tighter and tighter, “Open your mouth pet there’s a good girl” she said, I opened my mouth and she pumped harder and all of a sudden a thick rubber thing pushed it’s way into my mouth and grew in size. “There we are all gagged up so that I don’t have to listen to that awful whining voice, now my little rubber slave we can go home. I hope you haven’t got anything planned for the foreseeable future because you are going to be the latest addition to my rubber zoo, come along there’s no use in struggling no one can hear you,” and with that she grabbed hold of my arm and virtually frog marched me out of the café and out into the rain.

I have to admit although I was scared to death, the sound of the rain on the hood of the coat and the feelings I was experiencing were quite a turn on and she would let me go after the weekend wouldn’t she? Well wouldn’t she? Oh God what if she didn’t, I started to panic but realised that there was nothing I could do, I was to all intents and purposes sealed away in quarter of an inch thick rubber and could not get out until George released me.

We got to George’s car which was a huge off-roader and she opened the passenger door and I eased myself onto the seat only to realise that it was covered in thick rubber. “Put your feet in there” she said easing my feet into a sort of bag.

“Right just relax my dear, we’ll be off in a minute” and she started to pull up a really heavy zip, and I realised that I was sitting in a rubber sack, she continued to pull the zip upwards towards my neck and once it got past my shoulders I realised that she wasn’t stopping.

“Just relax you will be OK I promise just a little more,” she said her voice becoming very faint, “Now then my lovely slave lets see what you make of my mobile body bag, it’s three bags in one and I am now going to blow it up very hard so that you will be sealed away, bye for now” she said and I felt her leave me and heard the drivers door open and then felt rather than heard the engine start, and then I felt the pressure start, it started at my feet and continued upwards until it felt like I was being squashed and then as suddenly as it started it stopped, I could breathe but only just and relaxed a bit and then the pressure increased and I felt it start all over again and get tighter and tighter until it felt like I was inside a rigid steel bag not a rubber one, I could see and hear nothing all my senses were consumed by the feeling of total helplessness and I was panicking, I was scared to death.

I had no idea how long I had been trussed up like this and was getting the feeling that I would wake up in a minute, but the worst was yet to come although I didn’t realise it at the time and it was going to change my life forever and never again was I to be free from a total multi-layered rubber skin, breathing through tubes and submerged under water for hours, days, weeks, or even months at a time and as yet didn’t realise that I would never again be out of or want to be out of total rubber coverage.

Sealed For Life

I felt myself being lifted from the car still in my rubber tomb, I was laid down on something and felt myself being moved, and then I seemed to hear what sounded like a lift and felt myself going downwards, I was doing my best to wriggle inside my by now red hot rubber prison but could not move so much as a finger.

The bag started to go down and eventually the zips were unfastened and I looked up into George’s face peering at me. “Well my little rubber slug how are you feeling nice and warm, are you, we will have to cool you down won’t we, Oh well maybe you can’t talk after all can you” she said knowing full well that I was doing my best to scream but uttered not a sound through the heavy massively inflated gag that was in my mouth.

I was lifted down from the trolley that I was on and for the first time saw the person helping me, it was a woman that was for sure but from the neck up all human resemblance was gone the head was a complete rubber ball with just two very, very small lenses for the eyes.

“This is No3 and she is going to prepare you for indoctrination into a rubber being, so much so that when you are taken out of rubber you will scream to be sealed away again, now don’t shake your head it will do you no good, nobody who has gone through my training routine has ever resisted the need to be completely sealed away and you will be very special, you are going to be my very special rubber sex slave, you really are very beautiful you know and when I take you out everybody will be green with envy, right No3 lets get started,” she said and with that I was stripped of the heavy coat but before I could say or do anything a large limp rubber bag was forced over my head.

“The breathing bag has only very small holes at the back of your neck and if you try to shout or scream the air will run out and you will suffocate so relax and breath slowly and steadily, I do not wish or intend to hurt you but if necessary I will sedate you so just relax and enjoy the process, and believe me as time goes by you will enjoy it no matter how much you think you may not, No3 the suit”.

The suit? What the hell was happening to me, I couldn’t do anything as even the slightest movement almost suffocated me and the inside of the bag hood was getting wetter and wetter with my perspiration and clung to my face making breathing even harder. I felt myself being sat on a chair and my arms held in place and then my feet were eased into what must be the legs of the suit, it felt awful it was all slick and slippery.

“The suit is very heavily greased with a lubricant so that it slips on easily, just keep still it won’t take a minute to get you sealed in” George said, the heavy rubber continued to be eased up my legs until she said, “Stand up now so that we can get your body covered properly”.

I stood, what else could I do I was helpless, the suit was pulled and stretched and eased further up my legs over my hips and up to my breasts, “We are just going to put your lovely titties into the tit rings so be still or we could hurt you.” I was told my breast are not the smallest in the world at 34DD and they were pushed and pulled into something until both seemed to have very tight bands round their base, it was really tight and quite painful but to my surprise the pressure made me feel really horny.

OH! God what was happening to me, here I was sealed inside a rubber bag hood almost unable to breathe being forced into a thick rubber suit and feeling randy about it, this shouldn’t be happening but it was and George noticed.

“Ah,” she said, “Our little slave is getting all wet, she is starting to succumb to the rubber” and with that she grabbed my sex and rammed her fingers inside and worked me really hard. I thought I was going to explode but just as I was about to orgasm George stopped leaving me at the top of a precipice, “Ooooo she likes that don’t you, you randy little rubber fucking machine, but not yet you will have plenty of time to enjoy it once you are completely on your own for a little while”.

My arms and hands were slithered into sleeves and my fingers slid into gloves, but they felt strange “The gloves are sealed inside heavy mittens so that naughty fingers can’t get up to mischief, you will get used to having bondage mittens on and doing everything with them on so just relax and enjoy,” George said.

I felt the zip being closed from my waist up towards my neck but just before it got all the way up George said, “Right No3 get her in the chair so that we can deal with that hair.” I was pushed into what felt like a steel chair and heavy straps bound my ankles knees thighs hips waist and round my breasts, my arms were tightly fastened to the arms of the chair at wrist, elbows and round my shoulders. A heavy steel collar was fastened round my neck and severely secured so that I was completely immobile, I felt the bag hood collar slacken and then it was pulled from my head and for the first time for over an hour I could breathe, I gulped in lung full’s of air.

“Now my little rubber slave, lets do something about that awful red hair of yours shall we, now don’t move we don’t want any cuts do we!” George said.

“No3 shave her if you please.”

Oh no not my lovely hair, “NO NO PLEASE NOT MY HAIR” I screamed.

“No3 a gag if you please,” said George and No3 forced a huge gag in my mouth and proceeded to inflate it until I thought my jaw was going to break, but all I could do was scream and scream but all that came out was a muffled MMPH, MMPH, MMPH, “It’s no use screaming no-one can hear you so just relax I have told you, you will enjoy your new life in rubber as my personal sex slave”.

I could do nothing and No3 set to until all I could see were mounds of beautiful red hair falling from my head, I was sobbing uncontrollably but nothing would or could stop this awful woman degrading me for her perverse pleasure, I made myself a promise **I would never be her sex slave no matter what she did to me and she would certainly not enjoy this slave!**

“Ah that’s better all clean now for your pussy, we can’t have you a hairy sex slave can we my dear?” George said and No3 proceeded to shave my bushy mound, and soon I was as bald as the day as I was born, “Very nice now for your hood and mask, No3” she said.

The gag was removed but I was to exhausted and frightened to cry scream or anything else, No3 brought the hood and from the inside I could see a thick tube coming from the inside, “Now keep very still so that the feeding tube can be pushed down your throat, I will spray your throat with a lubricant anaesthetic first but if you thrash about it will hurt you so be very still, once it is in you will soon get used to it” she said.

The tube was forced down my throat and seemed to go on and on until George seemed to be satisfied, “Well done, now No3 seal her in” she said. No3 took the rest of the hood and eased a flange inside my mouth and heavy tubes into my nose and then pulled the rest of the hood round my head and started to close it with a zip from the crown of my head down to the nape of my neck, George inspected it and seemed satisfied. “Right lace it nice and tight and then complete the sealing process so that we can get her in the rest of her suits and the submersion bags”.

No3 threaded heavy steel laces through numerous holes down the back of the hood until it felt as if my head was in a vice, once she had finished she eased the neck of the hood inside the neck of the suit and finished zipping it up, she then took a tube of something and started to spread it around my neck and down my spine that was left free due to the design of the chair. “Now we wait for 10 minutes whilst the adhesive dries and then we can seal you away properly can’t we my lovely little rubber sex slave.”

No3 came toward me with a long strip of latex about 4 inches wide, “Bend forward and do not move or I will punish you very severely” ordered George. I bent forward in the chair so that my back and neck were curved but flat and No3 began to seal it to the adhesive along my spine from the top of my head down to just below my waist, when she was finished George said, “Stay like that for a moment or two so that it sets properly and then we will let you see your new self”.

The straps were undone and No3 helped me to my feet and led me over to a long mirror and for the first time I saw what George had done to me, I was gone it was not me anymore all that remained of the me I knew was a rubber creature.

“Well my dear how do you like your new look?” asked George, who was now totally hooded with what looked like a heavy gasmask with tubes coming from it and down in front and under her arms toward the back.

The vision that greeted me in the mirror made me feel frightened but at the same time incredibly horny, it looked as though my whole body apart from my tits and pussy had been engulfed by an alien being that was black and very shiny, I rubbed my mittened hands over my body and it was really slick and slippery, when I put my hands on my breasts the feeling was incredible and my nipples were standing out like they had never done before, they were held tightly around the base by very thick rubber bands that held them straight out in front and I must admit although I was scared I really did like what I saw, and felt really turned on by it, am I going mad?

My head was sealed inside a huge rubber hood that only had eye openings and two tubes from my nose, through which I could breathe, that went along the side of the hood toward the back of my head, No3 held up a large mirror so that I could see and was shocked to see a large connection at the back of my neck. “The connections are where we will feed you and fit your airlines too once you are submerged,” George said.

I looked at my pussy and could see that it was totally free from hair and showing red and hot and sticky through the rubber lips of the slit in the suit, I was amazed that I looked so incredibly sexy but I did, my waist is only 24 inches and my hips are 38 inches and with a breast of 44CC I must admit I looked incredible and was getting more and more excited and was shuddering with anticipation as to what was to come.

George spotted this and came over to me, she took something from a shelf and I saw that it was the most enormous dildo, she liberally greased it and then roughly shoved it up inside me and worked it in and out, round and round and all the time she licked and kissed my rubbered head, the treatment lasted for about 10 minutes until I had the most powerful orgasm I have ever had, it shook me to my very being and No3 had to grab me to stop me falling over, it was amazing, I could not believe it that being sealed in rubber and pleasured by a woman also sealed in rubber with a huge rubber dildo, was I losing my mind?

“Oooo! You enjoyed that didn’t you, you little rubber slut I will have to keep my eye on you won’t I or you will be fucking everything in sight, now lets get you prepared for isolation and submersion so that you never again will want or accept being out of your rubber covers and will become a total rubber submissive sex slave, No3 the pants, inserts and catheters” she said.

“Come over to the table,” she said, “So that we can get you tubed and cathetered.” She led me to what looked like an operating table from a delivery room and placed me on it and strapped my spread legs tightly to the supports and proceeded to insert a thick rubber catheter into me.

“This allows you to piss without taking off your lovely rubber, the one in your rear is slightly different it is made as a massive insert that has stimulators attached to it that will be activated at random but that allow you to go to the toilet without actually going, if you see what I mean” she said with a laugh in her voice.

The catheter was fitted and then she proceeded to put a tube up my bottom and pushed it further and further up.

“Now we can’t have you shitting the thing out can we so we will give you an enema before we put the rear tube and stimulator, No3 about 5 litres I think,” and with that No3 fastened a tube to the catheter and then to a huge rubber bag hanging above my head and when she was satisfied she turned a tap and I felt water filling me up, I had never had an enema before and the feeling was very strange but not unpleasant and really felt quite nice, that is until I started to get full and then the pain started, it was terrible as if my whole insides were being blown up from the inside and I felt that I would burst. “Just a little more and then we can wash you out,” said George.

A clip was fastened to the catheter tube and the filler tube was taken off and replaced with another tube and then the clip was released, and suddenly the whole lot whooshed out of me, I cannot believe it but I had the most amazing orgasm and it lasted and lasted, “Oh good she likes enema’s No3 get the other pants with the enema tube fitted and we will fit them to her” she said and No3 trotted off to do as she was told.

She returned with what appeared to be normal rubber pants, although very thick, except for tubes hanging from them. I was released from the operating table and the pants were eased over my legs and up my hips and the huge dildo inside was heavily lubricated and forced into my by now hot and slick pussy, it slid into place and a rubber flange sealed it to my sex, inside it where lots of little rubber knobs that ended with metal tips.

“Those are the stimulators and you will soon see what they do, now keep still whilst we glue them in place,” George said, the pants were smoothed out and the waist was folded over about 4 inches as were the legs that went down to mid thigh, No3 carefully spread adhesive round my waist and thighs and then onto the waist and thighs of the pants, after about 5 minutes the edges were very carefully rolled down and I was now totally sealed inside my own rubber world.

“We will go out for the night before you are placed into the rubber indoctrination sheaths and submerged, I know a club that will love you. No3 connect the slave to piss bags stimulator box and then get the number 26 dress and finish dressing her whist I go and get ready”.

No3 bowed very low and proceeded to fasten two piss bags to the front of my legs. My God I thought I can’t go out like this, can I? No3 the fastened a slim box to my waist at the back and connected the wires from the stimulators to it and then I felt for the first time exactly what the stimulators actually did.

No3 pushed some buttons on a box in her hand and I jumped like I had been shot, the vibrations and shocks coursed through me as nothing had ever done before I shook and shuddered as this evil amazing wonderful contraption sent me through the roof with about 4 massive orgasms, No3 came in front of me and stroked my rubbered face gently and rubbed herself against my body.

She hugged me tightly as she put the box down, she was just stroking my engorged pussy when a very stern voice stopped her dead in her tracks. “No3 what are you doing pleasuring another slave, 1000 demerits to be served in the heat machine with full 72 hour sex stimulation, now dress the slave in her dress and report to the slave Mistress!” No3 bowed very low and crawled to her Mistress and rubber her rubber head across her feet, and then started to dress me in the rubber dress.

The dress was fabulous, it was mostly very shiny highly polished black rubber with whirls and dragons all picked out in bright red and blue latex it looked fabulous the top was incredibly tight and No3 had a struggle to get it fastened but the skirt was absolutely huge and flowed and rippled right down to my ankles, she put me into ankle boots that I was sure that I would not be able to walk in, they were black with 8inch heels and strapped very tight round my ankles, once on I took a few steps across the room and although unsteady to start I soon got used to the, when I looked in the mirror I was amazed I looked absolutely fabulous, I did a twirl and the skirt of the dress seemed to carry on even after I had stopped turning.

“You look good enough to eat slave, now lets put you in a cape and we will go and make some people very envious!” I was duly caped and hooded in a floor length bright red very thick rubber cape and off we went to a club that George knew, and I found out much later that she owned, and I was introduced as her new rubber bed sex slave and all manner of people were given the control box was given to all sorts of people to play with or should I say play with me and I was a complete sexual wreck by the time we got back to her house and I was taken out of the lovely dress and put into a heavy skintight hooded rubber sheath, zipped and laced and fastened to a bed until I was ready, to use George's words, for my indoctrination into a rubber being, I slept, unbelievably, like a baby and was only awoken by being unzipped and unlaced from the sleeping sheath.

The Indoctrination Begins

When I finally remembered where I am I panic a bit but what the hell I tell myself it’s only for a few days and I have to admit that last night was truly fantastic, I have never in my life felt orgasms like it and although I was incredibly sore I could still feel the intense well being from being continually sexually aroused, it really was strange, but I would go with the flow and enjoy the weekend.

The maid who greeted me this morning was completely sealed in tight red rubber except for her eyes and mouth, she was wearing what looked like a full face breathing mask that showed her face through the round faceplate, it had thick tubes coming from the sides of the mask that disappeared down the front across her breasts and around by her waist toward her back, she saw me looking and turned round so that I could see the large twin tanks on her back.

“The tanks are filled with rubber waste and when you breath your air is filled with the strong smell of rubber it really is the most wonderful smell, now I must get you polished and ready for the Mistress or I will get de-merits can you stand on the sheet please Miss?” she said.

I was amazed because it looked as if her lips weren’t moving she saw that I was curious and came forward “My mask is almost 4 inches thick and although I can see the ori-nasal built in breathing mask allows me to speak to you, but it appears that I am not talking it looks strange but is really nice and really good fun when someone isn’t expecting it” she said “I am No8 and have been with the Mistress for 5 years and am always completely sealed in rubber as you are going to be in about 6 hours once you are installed in the indoctrination suits and then submerged just relax and enjoy it, it’s really great once you are a rubber being and the sex is brilliant, so lets get you ready before the Mistress comes for you and gives you de-merits for being late”.

I stepped onto the rubber sheet that No8 had laid down and she proceeded to spray me all over, and then got what looked like an electric drill with a big soft cloth fixed to it.

“This is a buffing machine and once I have finished you will be oiled so that you will be incredibly slippery, I love it when I am put in twenty bag isolation when I am polished and oiled you just seem to slither about inside your own rubber world it’s really great you know, soon after you are indoctrinated your mouth piece will be taken out and you will be able to speak so that we can talk, I have been selected to be your personal slave and will look after your every need and I mean every need” she said hugging me and rubbing my tits and pussy vigorously until after no more than 30 seconds I had another massive orgasm, bloody hell how long could I keep this up.

“Oh I am glad you liked that Miss we can have some lovely sexy fun when you are not sealed to the Mistress can’t we?” she said. Sealed to the Mistress? What the hell was she talking about?

Once I was polished to her satisfaction she led me to the mirror and the sight was fabulous I shone like polished black steel from head to foot and the lights glistened of my large breasts it looked fabulous, No8 then took a spray can and sprayed me all over.

“Please be careful! Mistress you are now incredibly slippery, you mustn’t touch anything and you will have to be careful how you walk or you will fall, you are as slippery as ice on glass and it will make it easier to be put in the indoctrination suits so come on I will take you to the laboratory and pool room”

She led me out of the room and along the passageway to a lift, we entered and she pushed a button and down we went, “The laboratory and pool room are over 80 feet below ground and are totally sound proof which is a good thing when some of the Mistress’s clients bring their slaves for punishment or retubing, here we are” she said as the doors opened and we stepped out.

The sight that greeted me took my breath away, the room was probably 80 feet long and 50 feet wide and apart from the jet black polished floor was completely brilliant white from floor to ceiling and around the walls were all manner of frames and boxes and crosses and boards with hooks and rings fixed to them all obviously for the complete immobilisation of the various slaves.

In the centre of the floor space were four stainless steel operating tables complete with air bottles and fitted with very heavy looking straps and chains at the far end. George was waiting for us together with two very large ladies and a mass of rubber piled on a trolley.

“Ah No8 I see you are on time as usual how is the slave this morning?” she asked.

“She is starting to accept the rubber Mistress and finds it very sexy but I think she is still a little scared because she doesn’t know yet what is going to happen to her, but I am pleased to say she did not fight me this morning and I am looking forward to being her permanent handmaiden Mistress and can only thank you for the honour of looking after your personal bed and sex slave and assure you that I will make sure that she is always in pristine condition for your pleasure Mistress” she said this whilst bowing very low and rubbing against her Mistress’s rubber covered crotch.

“Thank you No8 you may go and get into your water suit as you will be the slaves companion in the indoctrination tank”.

“Oh yes Mistress, thank you Mistress this really is an honour Mistress!” George stopped her with a movement of her hand and said to me, “One has to give the slaves a treat now and again, you will find No8 incredibly sexy and I think that the two of you will enjoy yourselves immensely, and I shall see to it that you are sealed together in rubber for many days at a time particularly when I go on vacation, right matrons suit her up for indoctrination,” the two woman bowed and started to dress me for what I had no idea but I was soon to find out.

For the next 5 hours I was oiled greased sprayed pushed pulled and smoothed into many layers, the first layers were four very thick latex suits complete with open faced hoods feet and mittens all the connections were checked and double checked and the various tubes from my pussy, bottom and urethra were eased out so that they could be connected to whatever they were to be connected to.

Before the hoods were put on earpieces were put into my ears and the leads fed to the connectors on the outside the next suits were very strange they were a very dark green rubber with massive zips down the back. I realised that as I was being put into them that they were about a quarter of an inch thick and as each one was closed the air was sucked out of them so that they pressed hard against my already rubber covered body, the feeling was really good but as I was so heavily greased it felt that as I moved, I was moving about inside the suits even though they were really tight, once these suits were on I was allowed to sit down to rest for half an hour as by now I was exhausted.

The next stage really frightened me, my eyes were sprayed with liquid latex so that I was in total darkness then I felt something being pulled over my head I heard a click in my ear and George’s voice said, “This is the base hood and is being glued on, it completely seals you in ready for the isolation hood”.

Then I felt something else being pulled over my head, “This is the isolation hood that’s going on, it will mean that your senses are nil from your neck up, the rest of your body will be sealed away in the same way in a little while, but first let me tell you about the hood,” George said in my ears.

“It is over six inches thick and made of laminated layers of neoprene faced with 3mm thick latex and once on and sealed you will hear, see or feel nothing even should someone knock against you, you will be totally at the mercy of your own thoughts and presence of nothing but rubber, you will smell it feel it and taste it and then you will grow to love it above all else! Right get her into the isolation suit and then into the sheaths and get her into the tank, see you shortly slave” she said and for some time that is all I heard or felt.

My body was placed into very thick rubber like the hood and I was sealed away from the outside world, I felt nothing and was wondering how long this was going to go on when I heard the familiar click in my ear, “You are prepared slave to be indoctrinated into a rubber world where nothing will matter except that you be in rubber and are sexually aroused at all times and that you will be trained to pleasure me for days at a time and be attached to my pussy, there will be no respite for you as this is all you are good for, you will be stripped and washed once a month before being sealed away again and when this happens you will scream to be put back in your rubber covers and be strapped to me again, your whole being is now my property and you will obey my every wish or be punished severely, you will be constantly monitored and looked after, you will be loved and cherished but you will remain nothing but a sexual tool for me your Mistress and owner, I hope you understand goodbye slave I will see you again in 3 months, enjoy!”

Fucking hell I don’t believe what I just heard 3 months, I have to go to work what the fuck is going on, I heard the click of the ear-phones and my maid said.

“Hello Miss this is No8, I will be with you all the time to make sure that you are alright but I am not allowed to speak to you again for the next three months until you are indoctrinated into a rubber being so bye, bye Miss I love you very much and will look after your whole rubber being.”

I couldn’t believe it but obviously it was true I was a prisoner what could I do? I screamed and screamed and screamed in absolute terror until all the stimulators came on at the same time and then I screamed and screamed and screamed with total sexual abandon as I climaxed over and over again. I was never again to be a normal being, I was going to be a rubber object for the rest of my life OH GOD HELP ME PLEASE and I climaxed again and again as I would in my rubber prison for the next three months.

All for now many happy rubber days and nights
If you have enjoyed this story please e-mail me
Lots of rubber love
Doctor Latex, England The centre of the rubber universe.
Copyright Doctor Latex 2013.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=999.0)
