---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Prison Bound
authors:
- sin_dy
tags:
- M/f
- bondage
- prisoner
- cons
- X
date: 2004-11-15 00:00:00
---

**Prison Bound**
by sin\_dy
Prison Bound by sin\_dy
It is half past midnight and I am laying here wide awake.  Thoughts
of bondage drift in and out of my mind.  We finished the "Barn Project"
last week and I keep wondering when he will lock me up.

Let me explain.  I am married to a great guy, that as luck would
have it, is also a city cop, a policeman.  He took to my bondage craving
the very day I revealed my need for the total loss of control and the great
feeling to be trussed up and your partner can do anything to you he or
she wants.  I opened my soul to him and ever since we both have enjoyed
bondage to the fullest.  It probably is the ultimate in foreplay.

He uses ropes, leather bindings, but especially cuffs and chains. 
I prefer metal bondage.  It goes on fast and there is no escape. 
Even before marriage, I practiced "selfbondage" and used chains and locks. 
I have spent many weekends just wearing chains and a smile.

Last weekend we finished installing a prison cell in the Tack Room of
the barn.  The project turned out to be bigger than we expected. 
First of all we had to dismantle an old stock rack that used to be on the
back of dads old pickup truck.

The stock rack was rusty and heavy but when all the pieces were seperated
it was manageable.  We spent most of the summer scraping and sanding
the thick metal bars.  It is probably heavier than a real jail cell. 
Humans can't kick like a horse or smash into the sides like an angry bull.

Two coats of a black rust resistant paint made the stock rack (now called
the cell by us) look new.  Assembling it all back together took another
few weeks.  We only worked on the cell as time would allow. 
Living on a farm and raising horses and working full time in town doesn't
leave either of us much spare time.

We chose to place the cell in one corner of the Tack Room. This is the
room where all the saddles and leather goodies are stored for our horses. 
It has a high ceiling and a solid wood floor and thick oak boards for the
walls.  We turned the stock rack up on end and used large clamps;
fastened what was the open bottom and now the back of the cell, to the
wall.

The old top becomes the front.  The overall diminsions are something
like four feet wide, eight feet high and five feet deep.  The bottom,
top, sides and front are bars. The back is the solid oak room wall. 
The boards are one inch thick and I doubt if I can chew or claw through
them.

The front of the cell is secured by four long shackled padlocks. 
We left two of the locks in place to act like a hinge.  The other
two will be applied when I am inside.  Hopefully very soon.

Suddenly I hear my husband's Jeep approaching the house. Working evenings
as a cop, he sees a variety of problems and I never know the mood he might
be in.  Well in any case, it is friday night and I'm horny and ready
for action.  I strip off my nighty and rush to lay handcuffs on his
pillow just as he opens the back door.

With only the night light on, I peek at him undressing and see him looking
at me naked on the bed.  My grin gives me away.  Knowing I'm
awake, he fondles me and notices the handcuffs.  Without saying a
word, I am flipped on my tummy and my wrists are locked behind my back.

Now he opens the bed stand table drawer and gets out the ankle cuffs
and futher secures me.  Taking me by the arms, I am rolled on my side
with my mouth the target for his very erect penis.  I give him what
he wants until he groans with pleasure and he erupts filling my mouth more
than full.  He is satisfied but I am certainly not.

With that thought, I am pulled out of bed to my feet.  "Better
slip on some shoes", he recommends.  Now I know my destiny for tonight. 
I bend over for the shoes only to be smacked on the ass.  "Hurry up
prisoner".  Slipping into my shoes, he again slaps my butt. 
"Get going", he commands.

He leads me by the arm towards the back door and out into the cool night
air.  We head for the barn.  Me a naked grinning prisoner shuffling
along in ankle cuffs, with my hands still cuffed in back.  The moon
provided all the light we needed to reach the barn and turn on the lights.

He lifted the open padlock from the hasp on the Tack Room's heavy door
and roughly escorted me towards the cell.  "Inside prisoner!" 
As if I had a choice.  He pushed me in the cell and dragged the front
bars closed.  In an instant, he clicked the two padlocks closed, locking
the bars shut.

Looking around, he found an old horse blanket and shoved it through
the bars for me.  Then without a word, he left me alone and slammed
the wood door shut.  I listened closely and heard him re-apply the
padlock into the hasp and click it shut.  Suddenly I was plunged in
darkness.

What a rush!  Locked in a cell, locked in a room and cuffed. 
How long will he keep me here?  Will I be let out only to be used
as a sex slave?  I'm so horny now I can hardly stand it.  He
got satisfied but I sure didn't.  I try to reach around and touch
myself but I can't.  It is so frustrating.  I know I'm about
to drip.

I make my way over to bump into the bars.  The darn things are
too close together for my knees.  If I could get them through the
bars, I might be able to rub myself to an orgasm.  I finally realize
it is a waste of time.

Nothing to do but wait.  I inch down to a sitting position on the
blanket.  It smells like a horse.  Of course all the barn has
a farm smell.  Soon I doze off only to wake up cold.  I fiddle
around with the blanket to cover up. Maybe if I think some dirty nasty
thoughts, I can get my blood pumping and warm up a bit.

I finally I drifted off into a deep sleep and jumped awake as the lights
came on and he unlocked the room door.  "Well was it all you had hope
for?"  I nodded yes but told him I was cold.  "What time is it? 
How long have I been locked up?"  He said about six hours and thought
that was enough the for the first time.  The first time?

"Lets get you to the house and I will warm you up", he said.  "And
get these cold cuffs off", I said.  And relieve my sexual frustration,
I thought.  "Prisoners don't get to make demands."  And he marched
me towards the house grinning all the way.
