---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Fantasies Fulfilled
authors:
- Restricted
tags:
- F-m
- MM-f
- bond
- kidnap
- mum
- crate
- transported
- buried
- cons-nc
- X
date: 2006-07-02 00:00:00
---

Desmond
Hamilton was fairly wealthy. Not quite a millionaire, but well on the way to it.
He had a lovely wife, Nichole, a nice house, a Jaguar car. What more could you
want? But Desmond did. Desmond was having an affair with his secretary, Natasha.

Nichole
was straight laced. She would not give Desmond the thrills he was seeking. Hence
he had the affairs. He wanted someone to represent him during the day, a wife in
the evening and a whore at night. Nichole was no whore! She was the epitome of
class. She was tall, blonde, blue eyed and extremely well spoken.

Natasha
on the other hand was a picture of loveliness. Tall, brunette, carried herself
well and spoke perfect English. But she was willing to do anything to better
herself. And better herself she did. Desmond was paying her the top rate for a
personal assistant. He did not want to lose her. Everyone knew that, including
Nichole.

Desmond
had a lot of envious people who would stoop to anything to find out how he did
it and take his business from him if they could! Plus a lot of crooks who had
been eyeing up his house!

Natasha
asked when they could be alone. “Nichole wants to go on a 6 weeks cruise! So
we can’t be alone for now”

“How about telling her you are going to a
series of board meetings and letting her go on her own on the cruise?”

“That
is one thought!”

“We could act out your favourite fantasy!”

“I will do
it!” The thought that Natasha was going to rule over him excited him
tremendously. It felt good to give up the power now and then.

Desmond
spoke to Nichole. “That date you want for the cruise, I have to go on a
seminar for two weeks. How about if I pay, you take your sister Simone? You know
she is down at heart since her husband Jim left her for that younger girl? It
might do her the world of good and bring her round a bit!” “If you do not
mind? I would rather go with you, but I would like to take Simone!”

The
arrangements made and the holidays soon came up. Desmond saw Nichole and Simone
fly off to pick up their cruise liner and quickly drove back to the house. He
had booked 6 weeks off on holiday as well! That was the beauty of running your
own firm. You had no one to answer to!

He
phoned Natasha. “They have gone. I will meet you tomorrow in the Swan public
house on the Old Dalby Road. No one goes there! I will be there at 2.30 approximately”

Natasha
was waiting for him when he arrived. He was late. “Naughty boy. You deserve to
be punished for this misdemeanor!”  

“Please Miss I am sorry! I won’t be late again!”

“I have a
situation in mind that you would love I think. I am an Amazon woman in a leopard
skin garment and have captured you and tied you naked to a tree where you have
to wait for me to come back and let me have my evil ways with your body!”

Desmond nearly blew a fuse. “I love it, when can we start?”

“If you pick
me up at the old shipyard, tomorrow at 11, wait outside. I will buy the ropes I
need for your captivity! Then I will put you in the boot of your car and
drive you somewhere where you do not recognize and no one goes to and I will
fasten you very tightly to the tree!”

Desmond
agreed. That night he could not sleep thought the thought of being tied up by an
Amazon woman who was never going to release him from her clutches.

The
next morning Desmond awoke to find the sun shining. “It will make a lovely day
to be tied to a tree!” Natasha had been busy buying some clothes for the
scenario.

11
a.m. and Desmond sat in his car outside the old shipyard. Natasha came out with
bags and bags of ropes of all sizes. She watched him open the doors at the back
of the car and told him that he must get in the boot. He must not know where he
was going. Desmond climbed in and Natasha put the ropes in with him. “You
might as well get the feel of these ropes! They will bind you forever!” She
closed the lid on him and put the clothes she had bought in the back of the car
and shut the rear door. Now she was off. She knew where she was going. But she
did not want Desmond to work out where he was going to be tied to the tree.

She
turned and went around in all sorts of directions until she was sure Desmond had
no idea where he was. She had knocked up 30 miles on the odometer. But soon she
found the perfect spot. A small wood, miles from anywhere with no houses around
for nosey people to live in.  She
quickly stripped and put the clothes on she had bought. Now she was ready for
Desmond. She got out a toy gun and opened the boot of the car.

Desmond
blinked and climbed out of the car. He stretched himself and saw Natasha in a
leopard print bikini with a small loin cloth wrapped around her waist. Then he
saw the gun. “Pick up those ropes and start walking!” When they had got to
the right place she ordered him to stop. “Take your clothes off! Now!”
Desmond could not wait to strip. He neatly folded his clothes and stood there
naked.

Natasha
ordered him to take one of the pieces of rope and make a hangman’s noose! She
handed him the half inch diameter rope. Desmond knew exactly how to make this
noose! When she was satisfied it was good enough, she waved the gun and backed
him to the tree. “At least she is not going to hang me!” he thought.

Natasha
quickly tied his right wrist. She pulled it across his stomach and told him to
put his left wrist across his stomach in the opposite direction and told him to
keep still. She kept pulling it hard as she walked around the tree. 3 times she
walked around him and the tree. Now he was held against the tree. He liked this
game ever so much. He dreamed of her shagging him while he could do nothing
about it. His erection showed he was aroused already!

His
arms were fixed and she pulled his left wrist and tied the other end of the rope
round this wrist. The next piece of rope was threaded time and time again
between his arms and body and encircled his arms. She tied it of. Now she took a
piece of rope and tied his arms above his elbows to each other across his body.

Natasha
was an expert at tying people up. Especially when she was going to enjoy
herself! Now she took some more rope and tied it to his arm and wound it around
the tree and Desmond 6 times, finishing off by tying to his other arm.

He
was ordered to put his feet either side of the tree trunk. Ropes were tied
between each of his ankles via the back of the tree. He had to stand with his
legs held wide apart. She would some ropes around the tree and his neck, making
sure that he was not strangled. “That was very thoughtful of her!” Desmond
thought, “But why the noose?” He was about to find out.

Natasha
picked the noose up and shoved the spiral of it into his mouth so it stuck out
both sides. She pulled the rope around the back of his head and round to his
face again. Now she pulled on the rope. It burned Desmond as the rope slid past
his head. But soon she had it in the right position. The noose had been reduced
to an inch in diameter. She treaded the rope through the noose and pulled it
tight. The rope around the back of head moved again and the noose got smaller.

The
rope was barely able to be pulled through the noose. Natasha could have left it
like that, but she was not satisfied. She turned the rope back and pulled it
harder still and walked around the tree. She tied it off over his mouth by the
noose. Now he could not talk or move.

“You
are my prisoner. I will do with you what I want! You will wait for me to come
back!”

“Come back? What does she mean, come back?” thought Desmond.

“You
won’t need these!” said Natasha as she picked up his clothes. She put them
in the bags the ropes were in and waved to him and walked off without looking
back.

“God is she making this a real scenario!” Desmond thought. Until he
heard his car start up and move off. He was alone and naked and now very, very
frightened!  He struggled but she
had done too good a job of tying him up!

Elsewhere
in town, some of Desmond’s rivals were plotting his downfall! “Take his
secretary away, and he would give anything to get her back!” That was it. They
had found the perfect way of getting Desmond to pay a lot of money. Kidnap
Natasha and hold her to ransom. “Brilliant! £50,000 we should ask for. Not
too much or else he would go to the police!”

The
men went looking for Desmond and Natasha. They drove to his house and waited
outside. They watched as Natasha drove into the grounds of the house. She
entered the house and the men rang the doorbell. Natasha answered it and was
grabbed. The men who grabbed her were wearing long black coats and balaclava
helmets with only their eyes showing. She was still wearing the bikini, but not
for long. They soon removed that and wound rolls of bondage tape around her.
They started with her legs while one man held his hand over her mouth.

They
wound the tape up to her neck trapping her arms by her sides. Now they repeated
this with duct tape. Soon Natasha was like a silver worm waiting to be put on a
fisherman’s hook. This was her fantasy, but this time it was for real!

Desmond
was struggling, wondering how long Natasha was going to leave him there before
she came back and acted out his fantasy!

Now
they started on her head. Duct tape was put over her mouth. A polythene bag was
put over her head. “They are going to suffocate me!” Natasha thought and in
panic managed to wriggle free of the men. But they caught her. One of the men
made a hole in the bag and it was put over her nose so she could breathe once
more.   

Now
the continued with the duct tape and eventually all you could see of Natasha was
her eyes. She was panicking. She was the only person in the world who knew where
Desmond was. “We are asking £50,000 for you. If Desmond does not turn up with
the money or goes to the Police it will be the worse for him. We know he is
around somewhere, he did not go on the cruise with his wife!” 

They
typed a note on his computer and printed it off. Now they picked Natasha up and
carried her to their car. She was laid in the boot and the lid slammed down.
They drove for some time before releasing Natasha from the boot. “Now what do
we do with her boss?”

“Leave for now and let’s have a drink before we
carry out the rest of the plan!”

The
men left Natasha and she started to roll around trying to see if she could see
the way out of the room, but they had shut the door. Even if she was standing,
she would not be able to open the door!

But
they soon came back with a digital camera. They photographed her all securely
bound and gagged. One man had a digital video camera and he filmed her wriggling
around. The men picked her up. They still had their black coats on and balaclava
helmets. Natasha still could not see their faces.

She
saw they were heading towards a box. It was long enough to take her full length
in. But it was tight so she could not turn sideways. One of the men carefully
removed the tape around her mouth. Now he cut the plastic bag and extremely
carefully sliced the tape over her mouth. Now they shoved a tube into her mouth
and taped everything up so the pipe was stuck in her mouth. She could breathe
through the tube.

Packing
was put around her sides where she did not touch the box. She was quickly fixed
and unable to move any part of her sideways at least.

The
filming went on while all this went on. One man disappeared and came back
holding something. He turned it and showed it to her. It was a gravestone. It
read “Desmond’s Secretary lies here! Rest in Peace!”

“They are going to
bury me alive!” she thought.

“If Desmond does not show up by tomorrow
evening, we will put this on your grave! We have told Desmond in the note what
we intend to do. Copies of all your pictures will be left tonight at his house.
If he does not pay up then I am afraid to say you will be paying with your
life”

Natasha
tried to squirm but was held fast. She tried to scream, but not much came out of
the pipe. She watched as the pipe was put through the lid of the box and pulled
through. All told the pipe was 6 feet long. “We will cut it once the lid is
sealed down or the new air would not be able to get past the stale air!” The
box had been varnished several times, “We would not like you catching your
death of cold, would we!” More packing was added so that it reached the top of
the sides of the box. “We wouldn’t want you making noises now, would we?”

Another
man spoke up, “I hope you like the little comfort I have given you. He lifted
the lid up and slid it over her body. She saw what he meant. He had put a window
in the lid so they could see her face. Or rather her eyes and the tube in her
mouth!

The
lid was brought down. Natasha bent her legs as best as she could so they could
not get the lid on, but they were too strong for her and she felt her legs being
pushed flat again.

Several
screws were put all around the lid holding it firmly on the box. Natasha was
sealed in. They put some duct tape around the join to make it water tight.
Natasha saw one of the men cut the pipe. They had put a stocking over the end so
nothing could enter the pipe. It was bent over so the rain would not get in.

Now
they picked up her box. “Where should we leave her, Boss?” “I know just
the place. No one goes there. She will be undisturbed for centuries!” 

They
waited for nightfall and dropped the photos in Desmond’s house letterbox, and
then they carried on in the van to where they were going to leave Natasha.

“No
lights now, and keep it quiet!” The men picked up the box from the back of the
van and carried it to the clearing. Desmond heard a noise and decided it was not
Natasha so he had better keep quiet. He faintly saw some activity not far from
him, but in the inky blackness could not make it out, even though they could
only have been 20 feet from him.

Natasha
watched through the window as her coffin was lowered into the grave they had
dug. Now she watched in vain as the dirt tumbled from the spades onto her
coffin. A small torch was turned on the show the window. The window was covered
up with a spade full of dirt and more went on top. The men arranged the dirt
around the pipe and put the turf back around it.

Desmond
saw a flash of a camera. “They have buried some poor soul alive!” he
thought. The men walked off.

Daylight
started to break. Not that Natasha knew in her blackness of her coffin. She was
breathing regularly and deeply. She was the only person who knew where Desmond
was and she could not say. She did not know where she was though.

 Desmond
watched the sunrise and thought “Another beautiful day. Now all I have to do
is wait for Natasha to come back! I will make her pay for this, leaving me here
all night!” 

The
light got brighter and Desmond could make out a shape in front of him. It had
some words on it. He read it. “Desmond’s Secretary lies here! Rest in
Peace!”  His rescuer was only 20
feet from him but was in an even more impossible position to escape!

From
the boat, Nichole sent an e-mail. “I have found someone else. I have left you
for good. I do not want anything from you. You can take the lot. I am fed up
with your sluts that you have been sleeping with. I cannot take any more of your
affairs. I will be applying for a divorce! Nichole”
