---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiesad/among_the_missing8.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Among The Missing
authors:
- Rubberwolf
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- packaged
- encased
- cons
- X
---

**Chapter 8**

Ann’s
earlier synopsis about a long night were to prove correct.
She had lost track of the length of time that she had spent in the box.
Her arms and legs ached from the cramped position and tight bondage.
Her hair hurt. She was hot and sweaty.
She had also begun to drift mentally.
She was in a black world with no stimulation, no noise, no breeze upon
her skin, apart from the air that she drew in through her mouth or that
occasionally wafted onto her exposed pussy.
Ann was in that place where imagination and reality collide.
A place where her fate had been sealed and because she could do nothing
about it, had already accepted the reality of her situation.
This was, as far as Ann knew, subland.

Ann was
bought out of her mental stupor when something touched her pussy.
Having been without contact, or stimulation, for so long, or so Ann felt,
the sudden probing caused her to start, or at least twitch, within her prison.
The thing was soft and wet and it was probing her intimate areas.
Not a finger. But perhaps. Which
was precisely the moment that she felt the warm breath upon her sensitive lips
and she knew that Dave was gently touching, not licking her pussy, but touching
her with his tongue.

All of
Ann’s concentration now centred on a few square inches of flesh as Dave began
to probe and lick in earnest. A
sharp nip on her erect bud forced her to jump and scream within her prison, but
soon this changed to a moan as the tongue continued to probe and titillate until
she was soaking wet and she felt the orgasm build within her. All of a sudden she was shaking and struggling with her bonds
as a gigantic orgasm rolled over her. Ann
returned to reality gasping as stars raced across her vision.
But, despite the noise and violence of her climax, the tongue continued
its questing torment. Again and again her reality was torn asunder as violent
orgasm compacted on top of violent orgasm until all sense of place and reality
disappeared. Which was then that
Dave replaced his probing tongue with his rigid cock.

The time
for foreplay and petting had passed and Ann, despite her aroused condition,
grunted as Dave, without ceremony thrust his cock deep into her, forcing another
stiff cry from her lips. Before she
could recover from this intrusion Dave began to pump.
Forwards and backwards forwards and backwards, until she could take no
more and another orgasm rocked her tiny universe.
Dave, feeling the orgasm, did not allow his pace to slacken at all and,
after a few moments, actually increased his speed until Ann was caught in the
throws of one gigantic, continuous orgasm that could only find release in the
long, continuous, primal scream that escaped from her mouth as a single, long,
note.

Ann was
so wrapped up in her orgasm that she barely noticed Dave cum, or start to pull
out. It was only the final pop, as
Dave’s cock was pulled clear of her Pussy that Ann dreamily realised that Dave
had finished. She did not have long
to mourn however, as Dave walked around to the front of the box and thrust his
cock into Ann’s mouth. Ann did
not need a degree in biology to know what Dave wanted and so, once she had
recovered from the intrusion, set about cleaning and sucking, using her tongue
to make sure she did a really proper job. Eventually, Dave was clean and had started to deflate.
Ann felt his cock withdraw with a feeling of great reluctance as she was
left alone, with her memories, cum in her sopping wet pussy and down her throat.
Sub land beckoned and Ann submitted willingly, her earlier aches
forgotten.

After a
while Ann’s mental wanderings were again brought back to the present.
This time, however, it was not a probing tongue that dragged her back to
reality, but an aching bladder. Ann
squirmed within her prison, trying to make herself more comfortable.
After all, she would not be in here for much longer.
But after a few minutes the building pressure signalled that she would
need help and so she called for Dave.

“Ave.
Ave. I ant oo oos ee athoom.”

After
waiting for several moments, she tried again.
This time she was a little more urgent.
But still no response from Dave. Finally
she screamed and shuffled about her prison, which only seemed to make her
condition worse. Dave did not come.
Perhaps he had gone out, or was deeply asleep.
Whatever the reason, Ann realised that her aching bladder would not wait
and that relief was not coming. After
debating with herself and calling for help one last time, although this does not
describe the desperate sob which escaped her lips, Ann did something that she
had not done since nursery school.

Rather
than having to lie in a wet puddle, Ann found that she was still dry.

“Oh
well, it’s Dave’s carpet and his problem.
He should not have left me here for so long,” the now greatly relieved
and surprisingly blasé Ann reflected.

Unbeknown
to her, Dave had mounted a small splash plate and a funnel over the rear of the
box, which he simply removed when he required access. This ensured that all such waste was directed down towards a
waiting bucket. Ann however, did
not know this as she once again drifted off away from the present reality.

Ann was
not sure how long she remained imprisoned.
Time and space became meaningless. Even
her own limbs lost their feeling. She
was a hot, sweaty body. Merged with
the box, she had become a fuck toy for her master.
Dave visited her several times during her imprisonment.
On the second occasion he used a finger to excite her before entering
her. But by the third time all foreplay was dispensed with and the
first that Ann knew of Dave’s presence was when she felt something cold and
wet smeared over her pussy before Dave entered her in one strong, single,
thrust. Once he had used her he
withdrew and again shoved his cock into her second hole for cleaning.
Ann recognised the taste of KY jelly mingled with her juices and Dave’s
cum.

Several
more times she felt Dave lubricate her, before forcing his member into her.
As well as losing all sense of time and space, she had also lost her
identity. She had become Fuckbox.
Little more than a receptacle for her masters’ lust.

Ann
drifted lost in her prison which denied all sight, sound and feeling, apart from
that which her master chose to give her until she herd a sound that she did not
recognise. It filled her ears with
a hissing noise and she felt movement as the back holding her began to lessen
its pressure on her and she was lying on the bottom of the box.
Shooting pain in her eyes announced that the box had been opened and that
she was once again exposed to the light. Hands
fiddled and pulled and at last she felt herself lifted from the box and laid on
the bed. Ann stared mutely at the head board and fingers worked
at her bonds. At last she was free,
lying naked on her back and staring at the ceiling as Dave vigorously rubbed her
limbs.

Sharp
pain erupted through her long forgotten limbs as blood rushed back into hands,
feet and fingers and Ann screamed as reality returned to her world and she
sobbed uncontrollably as she fiercely hugged her former gaoler and tormentor.

It
took another hour, two coffees and a bacon sandwich before Ann felt relatively
human again. She had, she discovered, been in the box for two days.
However, apart from using her, Dave had been busy.
He had managed to research the island and had not only found a place to
stay, but had also managed to book rooms on line.
He had also managed to download some of the local brochures.
Until she had to travel to the island, she had little to do and so, after
returning to her apartment, she updated her client via e-mail, forwarding a copy
back to the office. Her in box had
the usual messages from the office and of course her mother.

It was
nearly Christmas. Had she got all
of her presents? Was she coming
over for Christmas dinner? Would
she be bringing a friend. After
all, they were not getting any younger and it would be nice to be able to share
the festivities with grandchildren. Oh
and you never call. Ann cursed.
Most self respecting women of her mothers age shied away from the
internet and e-mail. They could be
kept at arms length by the wonders of answer machines.
Unfortunately Anns’ mother had embraced both technologies.
Cursing again, Ann sent a quick reply before setting off. There were still a few presents to get and she did not have a
great deal of time for shopping. Not
if she was to get everything wrapped and posted before she left for the island.

Shopping,
two weeks before the festive season, in a busy town centre is usually best
contemplated while holding a spiked base ball bat and wearing body armour.
Ann had neither. But she did have two things going for her.
Firstly, it was a week day. Secondly,
she was a veteran of several January sales.
Even so, several hours later, Ann staggered through her front door, laden
with presents and looking as though she had just spent the day running a
marathon, while boxing Tyson.

Most
athletes will tell you that, when working for long periods of time, it is
important to keep the fluids up. They
might also mutter something about replacing electrolytes, so that your muscles
do not cramp and eating things like high energy bars to keep you going.

Anybody
who has every fought their way through a January sale, or attempted to get any
presents, remotely suitable, two weeks before Christmas, will also have a
dietary plan. Ann’s involved
plenty of coffee, with the occasional munch on something deep fried and covered
in chocolate.

After
collapsing onto her sofa and depositing the shopping on the floor, Ann set about
fixing tea and wrapping presents. Two
hours later, Ann was refuelled on a particularly tasteless microwave meal.
Surrounded by discarded wrapping paper tubes, spare address labels and
wrapped presents. By way of celebration she was now holding a tall mug of
drinking chocolate, topped off with marsh mallows, whipped cream and a crushed
Flake bar.

The
following morning she packed her suit cases, took her parcels to the Post office
and set off to pick up Dave and head for the Island.

30.03.06
story continues in **[part nine](among_the_missing9.html)**

o0o
