---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Her Birthday
authors:
- Suraya
tags:
- n/a
---

\*
It was a fine warm day, even in the woods near our half-finished cabin.
We had gone camping for mywife's birthday. It was her idea, I think mostly
to avoid payback for what she had done to me on my birthday, but I was
willing to go with the flow.
We were on our (half-built) mountain cabin property, which abuts a
state reserve. It is fairly inaccessible except through our road our property,
and I was ready for my sweet revenge.

After lunch, I whipped out the blindfold, and said "Happy Birthday Babe" 
The rueful smile showed she had expected something like this.
" Even though we don't have our friends here, you don't get away scott
free" as I slipped the blind fold over her eyes. I had earlier prepared
some ropes tied to the trees at strategic locations, near our cabin, and
soon had her standing naked except for her boots, spread eagled in the
center of the grove.

I started teasing her nipples, and lightly tickling the stubble on her
shaved cunt. As I did this I could see her cunt lips start to swell and
redden, opening like a little flower. I grabbed her belt out of her shorts,
and then stated teasing her slit with my finger, and spanking her with
the belt. Just light little spanks, leaving little red marks. As I started
finger fucking her, she was almost gushing, she was so wet. After a little
of this she started jerking up and down, towards my fingers, so I moved
my thumb back
towards her ass hole and started pressing at the little rosebud.

She started to object to this (she claims not to like it, but It does
seem to maker her even wetter),  "Remember how you got me to agree
to things on my birthday by promising to let me fuck your ass? You didn't
deliver! But tonight dear, your ass is mine. " as I said this I managed
to get my thumb into her sphincter which started rhythmically clamping
down on it, which is usually a sign that she is about to come. I stopped
fingering her clit, and stopped moving my thumb.
She gave a groan of frustration, and said, "Please, Fuck me now!"
I said, "No"

"You wanted a relaxing day, and that's what you are going to get! Nothing
to do, nowhere to go"
I loosened her leg ropes just enough, so that she could close her legs,
and then hooked bungee cord in to the loops I had tied, to pull them back
open. If she worked at it, she could close them, and then I did the same
thing with her hands. She had just enough slack so that she could just
touch fingers in front of her face, but the bungee would hold them open
if she relaxed at all.
I said " Have a relaxing day dear", but decided to be nice, and stuck
a Tiki torch holder between her legs, but in place of the Torch, I put
a vibrator. This little model vibrated only when it is being pushed forward,
or in this case, being pushed upon. I adjusted it to the point where if
she strained her arms to the limit and spread her legs, she could just
start to get penetration.

I said "See you later babe, I'm going to go work on the cabin while
you relax. If your legs are closed when I come back, and you haven't used
the vibrator, I won't make you live up to that ass fuck." I walked away
loudly, and then tiptoed back, with the camcorder. I set it up and started
running it, with her framed perfectly in the center of the picture. She
was already trying to stretch down to the vibrator, but wasn't having much
luck I went back over to the cabin, and started noisily to work on the
cabin. Shortly, right on schedule, I heard voices walking up the road.
It was a bunch of our friends, the same ones that were at my birthday.
I sent them up the trail, the whole crew that had been there for my birthday
party.

As we approached the grove, I herd my wife call out, "Jim?, is that
you?"
One of the other guys answered " No I'm not Jim, but you are a gem!
What a find. I should go hiking more often, isn't that so guys?" There
was a general murmur of agreement. Which put a very worried look on her
face.
"This is private property!" My wife said, " you should leave NOW"
"What, and miss all our fun?" I replied " You should recognize these
voices, Perhaps they should sing Happy Birthday" for you." She got a somewhat
relieved expression on her face. As I removed the vibrator, I noticed it
was fairly sticky, and said "Look here, your legs are spread just like
a slut, and you have been using the vibrator. Looks like there's going
to be ass fucking all around tonight"

"But first, a little entertainment I think. I believe every one got
to spank me on my birthday, now it's your turn"
Bill was the first up, and he picked a leather belt, and started strapping
her ass, but lightly. After about 10 or so, he said "you can start counting
any time, or Ill just keep this up all day"
"10" she said, he replied "No you start at one, slut" and he laid a
harder one across her ass, leaving a red stripe.
"One" she said and they continued, up to 44. By this time she was gasping
and almost sobbing the numbers out.

Then Elisabeth knelt in front of her pussy and started licking it, nibbling
on the clit, and moving back to her slit. Just when she was about to come,
Elisabeth stopped, and I asked, "Who just was eating you?"
"Bill?" she said.
"No!" responded Elisabeth " It looks like I get some ass tonight too"
She took her belt off, and let her jeans drop. This (and her lack of panties)
left her tight little blond bush accentuating her dripping cunt. She used
her belt, a narrow, wicked little strip of leather, to lay a stripe across
my wife's butt. And said "Count, and say "More" after each one"
"One, more"
Snap
Two, more"

She laid them on my wife's ass, her thighs, and on her back. When they
reached 44, Elisabeth stopped, and George, who had just shaved his mustache
off, knelt in front of my wife. He started kissing her pubes, sucking them
into his mouth, followed by her clit, sucking it in and then using suction
to slide it in and out of his mouth. Again, when she started tensing up,
he stopped, she groaned with her need, and I asked, "Who was that?"
She thought for a second, and said "Mary?"
"Wrong "said George "Ask for each shot", he said, and he picked up
the yardstick I had ready. 
"One please" she said, and he slapped the curve of the front of her
thighs. She jumped at this, I don't think she was expecting this angle.
"Two please", and again, a little further up.
Each shot was just a little further up, past her stomach, and approaching
her tits, as she reached 19. She started gasping for air, as she said Twenty
please, for what we were all sure would hit her tit. But instead, George
moved to her other thigh, again working his way up. Again she was gasping
as he neared her tits, and at 39 she said "39 please" as he hit her on
the tit on the side he had started on. Just below the nipple. She let out
a little yelp, and then said "40 please", he gave her other tit a shot.
Again the yelp, followed by "41 please" The first tit got the shot again,
this time just on the nipple. The yelp was definitely louder, louder still
was the other tit. After a second to recuperate, she said "42 please. He
came up from between her legs, slapping the engorged lips of her cunt.
This, amazingly, got not a sound "Then 44 please", he hit her harder, which
got the reaction we were expecting. .

After a few more people, got their spanking in, it was finally Vivian's
turn. Vivian is a somewhat abrasive and annoying person, but inventive.
Her approach was a little more direct than some others were. She started
by dropping all of her clothes, and fingering her pussy while lightly running
her fingers up and down my wife's body. Then she pulled her fingers out
of her own red curled snatch and stuck them in my wife's mouth. When my
wife tasted this she started to pull her head back, Vivian pulled on her
nipple, hard, saying suck it slut!, it's the least of what you are having
for your birthday.

As my wife started sucking on the fingers, Vivian started rubbing my
wife's clit in time. She was still hanging just on the brink of orgasm.
At this point she said "Ask us to fuck your ass!"
There was no response, except that my wife tried to thrust her mound
towards Vivian's hand, but Vivian just picked up the yardstick, and delivered
a series of stinging slaps to her cunt. She then started fingering my wife's
cunt again. Again no response, so she started placing clothespins on her
tits. She slowly worked towards her nipples. After each pair went on, Vivian
said "Say Fuck my ass". After one directly on each nipple, Vivian started
just brushing her hands over the ends of the clothespins. My wife started
to groan, and then said something, at which Vivian smiled, and whispered
something back, and then said "If you agree, Say fuck my ass, and say it
with each clothespin I take off.

Clearly my wife moaned "Fuck my ass", and one by one the clothes pins
came off, as Vivian kept teasing her clit, and with each one she got louder.
At the ones on the nipples she was shouting, "Fuck my ass" as she screamed
as they came off. AS this happened, she also started coming as Vivian continued
to rub her clit, and nipples, massaging blood back into them. As my wife
shook in the bungee cord recovering, and I helped her out of her bonds,
Vivian walked over to the other guys, and started some whispering. It wasn't
until after dinner and some wine that I found out what it was about.

After dinner, we moved my wife to the half finished cabin, where I had
made a set of pillory stocks, where your head and hands fit through a hinged
board, and you are held bent over. After we had her fastened into place,
with her still cherry red butt sticking out, two of thew guys slipped handcuffs
on my wrists, and fastened each one to her wrists. When I asked what was
up, Vivian said "You wife only agreed to be ass fucked, if you were too.
There was the sound of some quick woodworking behind me, and I was soon
fastened into a rough, but sturdy set of stocks, next to my wife. I could
tell that objecting would only loose me the chance to fuck her, and was
kind of moot, I couldn't move to escape any way.

With both of our asses presented as we were bent over, it was only a
short time before some one started spanking both of us. Starting with light
slow slaps, with a strap, but quickly building to a seriously painful spanking.
As I started to gasp with each shot, I could hear my wife breathing just
as
hard, and trying to stop from crying out, I felt something bump my face,
and I opened my eyes to Bills cock. I had no interest in this, and had
put up with it at my birthday, but not now. However, every time a shot
landed on my ass, my mouth opened with a gasp, and he quickly found his
way in.

He was soon sliding in and out, until his cock was coated with saliva.
At that point he confused me by pulling out, but In short order, he was
attacking my wife's cunt from behind. Meanwhile Vivian pulled a stool up
in front of my face, sat down and started shoving her red haired twat in
my face. As I got into a rhythm with her, I felt something poke at my ass
hole. This caused me to pucker up, as something hard was being forced into
me. I tightened down as hard as I could, but then I felt the object start
to buzz as the vibrator was turned on. In a short period of time I felt
it slip into my dark hole, and some one started rhythmically humping me
with it, while Bill was fucking my wife.

It seemed like forever, but eventually Vivian started to grind her twat
into my face with extra vigor. Just as I thought she was going to cum,
she swung her legs up, onto my shoulders. This forced my face further into
her, and she grabbed my hair.
She started rocking her hips back and forth, so that my tongue slid
from her clit all the way down to the bottom of her cunt, and back. Each
time she rocked further, dragging my tongue closer to her asshole. When
she finally hit it, forcing my tongue across her puckered opening, it was
enough to send her over the edge.

I could hear my wife getting close to the edge of an orgasm, when Bill
stopped. As Vivian moved away, I could see my wife her trying to hump backwards
towards Bill's cock as he pulled out. He stepped back over in front of
me, grabbed my hair and started humping my face again, in rhythm with the
dildo that was still slamming my ass.
I figured I was in for another load to swallow, but he gave me another
suprise, by pulling out within a few minutes, and spraying his load on
my wife's ass. Then George who had been humping my wife's face for a while
stepped up behind me. In no time the dildo was yanked out, (which was a
little frustrating, as painful as it had been when it started, it had started
to feel good) and then I felt a sudden warmth on my ass, as George came
on my ass.
There was a quick re arranging, and I was soon tied over a sawhorse,
facing my wife. Her legs were up near her head, exposing her cunt and ass,
with the cum dripping off of it. Vivian walked over to me, and said, "lick
her ass clean sweet cheeks, if you want to fuck her ass." She must have
seen my face, because she said, loud enough for my wife to hear " Go ahead,
you seemed to like it when you had your tongue in MY ass hole a little
while ago!" Which was true enough, I had been stiff as a board.

With that she pushed my face into my wife's cum covered ass, and sort
of rolled my face around until it was covered with cum. As I started licking
her ass. Then some one started jerking my cock off, as some one started
licking George's cum off of my ass. In fairly short order her ass was clean,
and Vivian said "stick that tongue in that ass hole" as I started to do
so as I felt  some one do the same thing to me at the same time. A
really weird feeling, almost like I was licking my own ass. My wife started
rocking her ass back, and I felt her puckered hole start to throb.

Very shortly there after, I was released from the sawhorse, and moved
closer to my wife. My hands were fastened to her ankles, which were still
pulled back over her head. My cock was poised to enter her wet cunt, or
her (now slick) puckered hole. I lined up with the anus and pushed. I felt
instant resistance as her hole instinctively tightened. I thought about
telling her to relax, as she started to pull away. I thought back to my
birthday, and how I had been treated on my first time, and I pulled out
a little, and slammed in to the hilt in one hard tearing thrust. My wife
moaned, as I pulled out and slammed back in again. This time getting a
little further in, on my third thrust I slipped in all of the way. I heard
my self say "Beg for it again, Ass-slut"

Vivian started pulling and twisting her nipples, until she said "Fuck
my ass" is sort of a weak wimpy voice. Vivian grabbed her nipples and twisted
them almost completely around, and my wife yelled it out this time "Fuck
My ASS, Please"
I would have started humping her ass double time, if some one hadn't
grabbed my ass with both hands and held me in place.
Before I could figure out why, I felt something press against my own
tight hole. In short order, I felt a warm prick slowly slide in, impaling
me. Whoever it was pulled back a little, until the head was just about
to pop out, and stopped.
Vivian then said "Start fucking" As I pulled back I was impaling my
self, and as I thrust into my wife, I almost got free of the cock.

I could feel my self inching towards an orgasm, with each thrust, when
Vivian said "Who ever comes first, Is our ass slave, and cum eating slave,
for the night" This thought didn't thrill me, and kind of pulled me back
from the edge, and apparently did the same for whoever was fucking me.
I could feel him soften slightly. After a few more humps, I got an Idea,
and started clamping down with my anus as hard as I could in the middle
of each stroke, and started moving faster. I figured I could do my best
to force him over the edge, and he couldn't do any thing to hurry me along.
It didn't take much of this before my wife started humping back to meet
me, while Vivian paid attention to her clit, rubbing it in time to my thrusts.
I could feel the cock in my ass start to tighten up, and I was sure I would
get him off before I came.

That was when my wife threw my plan out the window by screaming in to
her orgasm, which she had been teased to the brink of, and denied all day.
Her anus started pulsing and she started yelling "Yes yes yes, fuck me
fuck me fuck my ass" . It would have seemed to by a page right from a porno
movie, if she didn't sound so serious about it. That was when I looked
down, and watched Vivian put a small clothespin right on my wife's clit,
as it thrashed about. She didn't seem to be able to tell the difference
between the pain and the pleasure, as this seemed to push her further into
her orgasm.

Watching this was enough to make me come immediately and a fraction
of a second later the cock in my ass did the same.
I was exhausted, as I was released, and spent most of the rest of the
night watching my wife eat cum out of pussy, and get fucked in the ass
by almost everyone. With almost every time getting another screaming orgasm.
