---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'W.O.W: Darkshire Nightmare Pt. 1'
authors:
- Paladin
tags:
- F/f
- bond
- kidnap
- susp
- fantasy
- nc
- X
---

W.O.W: Darkshire Nightmare Pt. 1 by Paladin F/f; bond; kidnap; susp; fantasy; nc; X
*(Important: for
those of you who do not play the game World of Warcraft, you probably won’t
understand the lingo. So all you need to know is that World of Warcraft aka
W.O.W. is a massively Mult- player online role playing game aka M.M.O.R.P.G. a
mouth full. Not every thing will be true to the game, just enough to make it
interesting…)*

It was just before dawn, the night was long. The road from Iron Forge
to Goldshire was a hard one she narrowly got through the burning steps alive.
She didn’t stop for any thing. Shyla was a 19 year old Mage, 5ft/6 inches
tall with black, short cut hair. She hated to wear the traditional robes of
the Human Mage Order so she wore silk cloth armor, she liked how skintight it
was and how it protected her despite its thinness.

Finally Gold shire, she came here to meet with a member of the Mage
Order. Something about possible Horde Rouges operating in Alliance
territories. She pulled out the note: wait in the Lion
Pride Inn in Goldshire for your contact Talwin. After an hour of waiting she
was about ready to leave, I’m a mage damn it not a rouge with SI:7.

She paid her bar bill and then got up to head for the door.

“Mage Shyla is it?” a voice came from behind her. She glanced back
and saw a Night Elf. She always thought Night Elves were beautiful, especially
this one. 8ft/7 pale blue skin, long pure white hair, very muscular.

“Yes, are you the Hunter Talwin?” he waved for his pet raptor to
lie down.

He gave a bow. “The same, at your service my lady.” He sat down at
the table and ordered a round of beer for the two of them. “You are probably
wandering why I asked you here. Well there is a task in Darkshire that we wish
for you do for us.”

“What do you want?”

He pulled out a small jewel, it’s a
black diamond. “We have heard that there is a Horde mining operation in the
fields around in the Dusk Wood Mines, here is the teleportation scroll to get
there. You do just need to investigate and bring back a sample, do this and
you will be paid.”

She looked at the scroll and grabbed
it “ok I’ll see what I can do.”

She quoted the words on the scroll,
and then a flash of light. She opened her eyes and found herself in the
Darkshire square. It was a small ruin town. She asked a local for the location
of the Dusk Wood mines and headed out for it. It was a dark cold and miserable
place; over ran by Giant White Widow Spiders, Black Wolves, Defias Bandits and
the undead. As she continued on she couldn’t shake the feeling that there
was some one behind her. As an extra precaution she drew her sword and stave.
As if that could do any thing against what stalks her. She still moved along
the road, and still can’t shake the feeling she was being followed.

She was coming across a thick patch of
bushes, she stopped dead in her tracks. Watching
the bushes move she then shot a fire bolt at the bush and it exploded in
flames. The fire died down, and now all the plants began to stir. She was
surrounded, by something. She felt something push her from behind, and as soon
as she turned around she felt it again behind here.

“Who’s out there? Show your
self!” some thing grabbed her stave and sword away from here, and
disappeared. She began to charge another flame bolt when some thing grabbed
here foot and pulled her down. When she tried to get back up some thing pulled
her off the road and dragged her deep into the dark forest. She randomly shot
fire bolts as she was being dragged then she suddenly was dragged up into the
trees. She then saw that it was the tree vines that were attacking her. She
struggled to get her foot loose, but several other vines began to wrap around
her arms and legs. She commanded the vines to stop, but to no avail.

They then began to wrap her arms
behind her and secured them to her body. Then they started wrapping her head
and legs together. Until finally she was totally encased in vines. She
struggled violently up there for several hours till finally the trees master
or rather mistress arrived.

“So my pretty pet, what have you
caught for me today?” Shyla then felt herself lowered and righted up. The
vines around her face were removed and the woman could see here prey. “Ah a
beautiful young woman. You have done well tree.” Shyla looked at the woman,
she was 6ft/2 with long black hair, and her eyes were illuminated with some
sort of demonic aura, like a Night Elves, but she had the ears, height, and
stance as a human, and her skin was vary healthy although pale, so she
wasn’t undead.

“Who are you, and what do you want
with me?!” Shyla gave a very stern glare.

“I am Alura, mistress of these
woods, and you are trespassing and you damaged my property.” As Shyla
learned of her captive’s name, she remembers the tale of a Witch who was
once the only human who was a druid of the Night Elf’s. But during the
invasion of the burning legion she was corrupted by their sorcerers and was
granted immortality and the ability to command the services of the wild, even
the trees, in exchange for the secret to entering Tendrassil. And for those
who pick flowers will be kidnapped and be used as fertilizer for her house
made of trees. But all this time Shyla thought that it was just a fairy tale
that her Herbalist Grandmother told her so that she would stop picking her
Grandmothers healing flowers.

“Let me go crone, or I will be
forced to kill you!” she knew that that was impossible.

“Well aren’t we the prickly thorn,
well I can’t let you go. And I won’t. You have broken the peace of my
woods, and this is an offence that I can’t let go unpunished, you will be my
slave and there’s nothing you can do about it.”

“Ya…well see-about-that…” she
said as she struggled through the vines, but they were too tight and strong.

“My dear there’s nothing you can
do, you are mine now. It’s been a while since I
have a beautiful girl wonder into my domain. I think I’m going to enjoy
these next few days.” She waved her hands and the tree vines tightened,
squeezing Shyla’s body, causing her to moan in pain. Then they loosened up
allowing her to breathe. The witch them waved her hands again the vines let
her go except for her hands and legs, she then walked up to her with an iron
collar, and placed in on her neck. She then examined her new slave’s
wardrobe. “Mmmm, I like a girl with fashionable taste. It’s not every day
we get some one who shares my love of silk. You may release her tree.”

The tree let her go and she
immediately made a run for it. The witch snapped her fingers and the collar
spawned several chains that wrapped around Shyla’s legs and dragged her back
to the witch.

“You can’t escape me, how many
times must I tell you that. Well looks like I’m gonna have to teach you a
lesson.” She then grabbed her by the collar and dragged her to a hut made
out of trees. They went inside and up to the higher levels of the tree. She
laid Shyla’s body on a large round bed, and removed the chains. Shyla stood
up and tried to make a run for the door but was yanked by her short hair and
pushed back onto the bed. Shyla charged a fire bolt and launched it at Alura,
it just dispersed around her.

“I’m gonna make you pay bitch!”
and Shyla lunged at Alura and was slapped back.

As Shyla was dazed. Alura walked to
her closet and began looking through it and then looked back at Shyla. “So
you like silk ay?” she then called out a loud screech. As Shyla looked back
at the door as it opened, and out comes this large White Widow Spider. “Make
her something…that complements her status.” They spider then with great
speed pounced on Shyla and began stripping off her clothes, after Shyla was
completely nude it then began spinning spider silk around her chest in the
fashion of a body harness, after it was done it then started making a hood
around her face, after the spider was done it waited by the bed to see if his
work was satisfactory, Alura walked around Shyla and inspected its work, the
silk harness left her breast exposed and was extra tight around her crotch.
“Excellent work you may go now.”

The
spider left, and the witch started to play with Shyla. “MMMMMMPH!!!” was
her response when she grabbed her breast and pinching her nipples. She then
began to massage her pussy and butt, Shyla still kept screaming into her silk
prison and struggled to get free. But the bonds were too strong.

“Yes you will be my slave for all
eternity.” she then stood up and grabbed a vile of green liquid. “This is
the elixir that the burning legion sorcerer gave me, just enough left for one
other. And it will be for you and you will be my slave forever.” She took
the vile and ripped open Shyla’s Hood gag and forced it down her throat. She
tried to spit it out but it was so sweet on her tongue she couldn’t help
herself.

“Now to see if it worked.” She
took a vile that had black liquid in it. And forced it down Shyla’s throat,
it was a very bitter taste. After two minutes Alura was pleased. “You just
ingested Green Recluse Spider venom. It kills in seconds. You didn’t die.
You are now immortal. And you will be my immortal slave…

A wave of horror flushed trough
Shyla’s body and she then passed out. She
then awoke and found herself in a dark room; she looked around and saw that
she was back hanging from the tree vines. They knew that she had awoken and
they began to rub around her body, simultaneously squeezing her breast,
squeezing her tummy, rubbing between her legs, and penetrating her in every
opening. She began to wonder, it this how I’m going to live, is this how
I’m going to spend the rest of eternity, is this hell?

To be continued…

Any questions please contact me at [col\_duran@hotmail.com](mailto:col_duran@hotmail.com)

19.03.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!
