---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Ariana
authors:
- Adegans
tags:
- F-f
- bond
- collar
- cuffs
- oral
- toys
- outdoors
- rope
- strapon
- stuck
- mast
- bedtie
- cons
- X
date: 2025-04-26 00:00:00
---

### 10: Rekindling friendship

#### Intro

Ariana and Kate have been married for almost a year and it has strengthened their bond even further. Ariana Birch-Inoue is almost 27 years old. Kate Birch just turned 29.

Ariana is Japanese and has a petite body with a sweet face with dark innocent looking eyes. Her appearance is often the envy of men. A small B-cup sits on her chest and she stands about 140cm tall. Her hair is cut short similar to an inverted bob cut. This is very similar to what her favorite anime character has. She moved to Canada with her mother when she was 7, after her father died in an accident.

She prefers to stay at home and busies herself with household chores and her online contract work.

Kate on the other hand is a typical blonde hottie. Her shoulder length hair is of the dark blonde variant. She's much taller than Ariana and stands about 175cm tall. Her slender body, also with a B-cup, firm legs and a round butt from going to the gym complement her look.

Kate used to be much more outgoing, with her coworkers on lunch breaks, sometimes a work event. But ever since she quit her job and started working from home she sort of lost contact with most of the people she knew.

Currently both women work together from home. Doing administration work or other financial related tasks. Ariana also does English to Japanese translations as she is quite adept at both languages. They have set up a simple home-office for it in the spare bedroom.

Together they make an attractive couple and they're generally inseparable from each other. Especially Ariana, who sees Kate as the center point of her life. Kate had sort of saved her from herself and the world, which elevated their relationship from friendly co-workers to lovers and finally marriage.

#### 1 - Tape mummy

Ariana has been fascinated with tape bondage lately. Her wife, Kate, had wrapped her hands into stumps a while ago as a sort of mock revenge because she chained Kate to the bed with their steel collar. It had backfired as Ariana liked her restrictions a bit too much and has been curious about tape bondage ever since. The helpless feeling is very interesting.

Every chance Ariana gets she wraps a part of herself in tape, only to quickly remove it before Kate comes home.

Kate had noticed all the tape in the garbage and immediately guessed what was going on. Today she sets her trap by pretending she’s going out for a few hours to a made-up job opportunity.

Hearing that, Ariana dares herself to wrap her head in tape. Kate said she would be gone for at least 3 hours, so there is plenty of time for the experiment. As soon as the door closes behind Kate, Ariana heads over to the washroom and grabs a plastic shopping bag and 2 rolls of tape she keeps there. In the kitchen she measures the bag on her head and ties the handles together on the back of her neck. This pulls the bag tighter over her head and covers all of her hair. Her world instantly goes blurry. With the bag in place she makes a hole for her mouth and nose so she can breathe easily.

By feel she then peels off the tape and sticks it to her forehead and starts winding tape around her head. A few windings over her eyes. Then maneuvering around her nose so it’s not blocked, and further down. Breathing in deep through her nose finding it easy to breathe and then wraps over her mouth, next she fidgets with the tape going under her chin and a little down her neck before tearing it off and feeling if she left any gaps.

There are many gaps and wrinkles, plus the entire top of her head is not taped up. She imagines Kate would do a much nicer job.

Then she hears the front door slam shut.

In a panic Ariana gets up from the kitchen chair but has no clue where to go or how to save herself.

A hand pushes her back down in the chair. “Gotcha…” She hears Kate near her ear.

Mmpfing her distress gets her nowhere and Kate holds her in place and only wants to know one thing, “Nod if you want to go all the way.”

‘All the way? All the way?’ Ariana thinks, confused for a moment. Not sure what Kate wants she nods her surrender. Feeling a sense of calm come over her. ‘Kate has seen me and she wants to continue, how lucky is that?’ She thinks with glee.

Kate pulls her to her feet and guides Ariana a few steps to the right. “Stand here and don’t you dare move.” She whispers to Ariana.

“mh-huh…” Ariana whimpers in acknowledgement. Her body is trembling with excitement.

Kate already sort of knows how this goes. She had looked up basic mummification on the internet. She places Ariana’s ankles together and wraps some tape around them. Then her knees. A few windings go around Ariana’s torso and hips holding her arms more or less in place.

She then asks, “More?”

Ariana just grunts and nods.

For the next 40 minutes Kate winds tape around her silly wife. Almost using up both rolls, from her ankles to her neck and back down. When the wrap is about done Ariana almost loses her balance but Kate catches her and carries her to the couch. Here she takes the opportunity to wrap Ariana’s feet and finally her shoulders and head in a smooth layer of tape. Covering Ariana’s messy attempt.

“There, all done.” She finally announces to the black mummy in front of her. She sits back admiring Ariana’s slender form. It's sexy, feminine, yet alien at the same time. The bump of Ariana’s breasts slowly rising and falling. Fascinated, she stares at her wife and wonders what Ariana is thinking. And Kate considers what more she can do to Ariana for her own fun.

Ariana squirms a little but can’t move much and is hopelessly dependent on Kate. The tight embrace is amazing, the stick pulling on parts of her skin is quirky. The smell of the tape, however, is not so pleasant, and with only her nose uncovered she has to take deep breaths which forces the chemical smell on her.

Kate taps on where Ariana’s forehead is, “Be good now, I’ll go do something useful. Maybe I’ll let you out tonight, or tomorrow. Or whenever…”

‘Do something useful?’ Ariana thinks suddenly scared that Kate might not think this is a fun game, and she feels weirdly disappointed. Wiggling her shoulders with a whine, suddenly being this confined is less fun to Ariana now that she knows Kate doesn’t care for it.

Quite the opposite is true though.

Kate is coming up with all kinds of silly ideas to play with Ariana. Among others, lunch. Baking some bacon, making a scrambled egg, soon nice smells fill the kitchen, and drift into the living room, the smell has Ariana salivate. A few minutes later she feels Kate sit next to her, “mmm bacon, so gooooood… You should really have some.”

Ariana loves bacon.

A pressure under her nose and the smell of bacon fills her nostrils. Ariana just moans and rolls her head left and right in a powerless fit of frustration.

“I have pineapple juice too, babe. Want some?” Kate teases her.

That’s Ariana’s favorite drink. She makes a throaty moan. She is actually quite thirsty.

“Too bad you wrapped your mouth up so well. Nothing can go in for a looooooong time.” Kate babbles on.

Ariana wails and throws another fit. She hears Kate laugh and realizes that maybe she’s not alone in this game.

The food smells diminish and nothing happens for a while. But suddenly she feels something under her as she’s being scooped up. “Come, let’s go sit in the sun.”

Floating through the air she is placed on what she assumes is the sun-bed on the balcony. After a few seconds she can already feel the heat of the sun. She’s quickly getting very warm and sweaty and Ariana grunts in protest.

Kate gets the hint and after 10 minutes or so Ariana is carried back inside and placed on the couch again. An hour passes and nothing happens. Suddenly Kate announces, “Let’s watch a movie… How about Ghost in the Shell?”

That’s Ariana’s most favorite film.

She moans powerless as she hears the sounds of the movie. Having seen it a 1000 times already she knows exactly what’s on the screen but not being able to see it is torture. She grumbles powerlessly as the movie plays out.

Kate is not watching the movie at all. In fact, she went to the supermarket to buy wine, leaving Ariana unattended.

Coming back some 40 minutes later with a bunch of bottles and some other groceries, Ariana lays unmoving on the couch, having exerted herself trying to escape, she’s taking deep breaths trying to get extra air.

Kate checks if her girl is still alive and kicking and tidies up around the home a bit.

When the movie has finished she finally tends to Ariana again. Tapping on her head. “Hey girlie, still there?”

A weak moan comes out of the mummy.

“Are you ready to come out?” Kate wants to know.

Ariana nods her head and grunts enthusiastically. She’d been kinda bored for the last hour or so and desperately wants to move her fingers.

“I see.” Kate says thoughtfully. “Well, maybe soon.”

Hearing that, Ariana just exhales with a long sigh, thinking ‘It’s like that again… Kate teasing me to no end, with no consideration for what I want. Just as always.’ She resigns in her plight, cursing herself for getting caught. But also praising herself for finding the perfect partner who knows how to press all her buttons.

Overall, aside from having nothing to do, she’s actually really enjoying herself.

Kate is amazing!

Suddenly there is a poking and tugging sensation on her crotch. Fresh air creeps in and touches her privates. Ariana squeals in surprise but Kate ignores her and keeps doing whatever she wants.

Then her panties are pulled aside and something pokes at her vagina, the unmistakable silicone tip of their dildo is coming at her. “Mnooooo” Ariana wails. But Kate is relentless and slowly thrusts the dildo in and out of her.

After a few thrusts the dildo stays inside and Kate asks, “Be honest, ok? Are you having fun? Do you not want to get out now?”

Immediately Ariana nods her head but then realizes the trick and wails pathetically shaking her head as violently as she can.

Kate laughs, “Almost…” and Ariana feels Kate get up and leave.

Ariana voices her dismay, she’s very ready to get out now and have a huge drink, take a cold shower and relax. Soon Kate returns and starting at the dildo hole, her cocoon starts to split open down her legs.

A shiver crawls up her spine as fresh air chills her sweaty body.

“Geez you stink.” Kate playfully comments on Ariana's musky sweaty odor.

The women are then presented with the problem of tape on skin and Kate doesn’t know what to do about that other than frustratingly slow peeling a few centimeters loose and cutting the next bit with scissors. All the way across Ariana’s stomach until she reaches her bra. Pulling the tape loose bit by bit.

Kate doesn’t want to cut into Ariana’s neck with the pointy scissors, so instead she cuts away the tape around her torso and finally Ariana’s body can be pulled free from the tape cocoon.

Ariana starts plucking frantically at the tape covering her head to get it off, but it's on tight. Her whole body feels cold and itchy and filthy. Little hairs have been pulled out by the tape, there is glue residue all over her it seems and as a result everywhere where the tape touched her skin she’s hyper sensitive.

Not to mention the air on her sweaty skin feels very cold.

Kate touches Ariana’s chest, tracing her finger around her breasts through her bra. Ariana shivers noticeably and grunts for Kate to stop fucking around and remove the tape from her head.

Kate dutifully peels more tape away tugging on Ariana’s neck and finally reaches the plastic bag under it. Then it goes more easy and 5 minutes later Ariana sits on the couch rubbing her arms, looking around bleary eyed with a bewildered look on her face.

“Whoa, that’s trippy.” She finally manages to say. “What day is it?”

“Same day sweetie, it’s not even dinner time…” Kate laughs. “Come, let’s get you cleaned up.”

She puts Ariana under the shower and leaves her to it while she throws the used tape away.

A job well done by Kate, she thinks.

The next morning Ariana sits in the kitchen thinking about yesterday. She feels totally weird about her experience as it was one of the most intense things she ever did. And for once, not alone or against her will. No asshole boyfriends, no shame, no pain or distress. Just her and Kate being a pair of kinky weirdos.

She can’t quite wrap her head around it. And to make matters worse, Kate had not said much about it either. Acting totally normal, almost as if it never happened.

“So weird…” She mumbles at her cereal.

Kate comes into the kitchen, “Hey babe, good morning.” And kisses Ariana on her neck. A faint smell of glue is still noticeable.

“Kate, hey. Can we talk about yesterday?” Ariana looks like she needs comforting.

“Of-course, what’s up?” Kate casually asks as she looks for her breakfast. But Ariana didn’t think to prepare her anything unlike usual.

“Are we a bunch of fucking freaks or what?” Ariana blurts out. “And this tape stuff, I still stink of it…”

“Ariana, sweetie, are you ok? I thought you liked it.” Kate looks worried at Ariana for her outburst.

Ariana says nothing at first but a smile creeps over her face. “I did, and I’m glad you caught me and did all that.” She admits. "But it was fucking weird too!"

“Hah, I had fun too.” Kate smiles at Ariana. “Are you ok? You look a bit out of it.”

“Yea I guess. It was very intense and I don’t know what to think about it.” Ariana says with a frown.

“You’ll be fine soon, I’m sure.” Kate promises her. “Don’t overthink it, ok? If you enjoyed yourself then nothing weird happened.” She then asks, “Do you want to do it again some time?”

Ariana hesitates, but nods the affirmative.

“Then do some research ok?” Kate instructs her, “Find a pair of scissors or something to cut you out more easily. I’m not comfortable using barbers scissors. And perhaps find bigger tape or plastic wrap or whatever. Something more practical than the narrow electrical tape. Alright?”

Ariana smiles at Kate, promising she will and thinks she’s very smart and supportive.

#### 2 - Dana and Sheila

Dana paces around in her flat 8 floors below Kate and Ariana. She misses her girlfriend Sheila and doesn’t know what to do anymore. She had finally graduated, officially becoming a licensed psychologist. Starting last week in her new job, she works at a children’s hospital. Having finally finished her studies, she is ready to take care of Sheila like she promised her when they were classmates.

There is one problem though, Sheila had walked out on her many months ago.

Dana had always assumed that she would be back after some time and just needed some time to herself. Also because she had her locked into a chastity belt at the time and Dana still has the keys.

Dana fancies herself a dominant woman, and feels she needs to control her partner. Sheila had never been very assertive and always went along with Dana’s power play, but really just wanted to be happy and lead a simple life without having to make too many difficult decisions. The sweet attention and promise of Dana taking care of them was very attractive to Sheila.

Sheila occasionally got up to some shenanigans and as a result Dana figured the chastity belt was a good control mechanism. She never considered that the belt was also one of the reasons why Sheila made her escape.

Sheila never returned, and after all this time of denying the obvious Dana is starting to come to terms with the fact that she'll never come back. All attempts to make contact had failed and when she went to where Sheila works, Dana made a fool of herself in front of customers while Sheila ignored her until the manager kicked her out.

Sheila meanwhile had long moved on from Dana and her bullshit, she had the chastity belt removed immediately after she left Dana. And Dana is a distant memory of unhappier times.

Actually it’s not all bad, but when the two had moved in together things quickly turned for the worse as Dana was far more controlling than Sheila had anticipated. As a result Sheila had changed a lot and tried to find all kinds of ways to feel happy or a rush of excitement to break up her controlled routine.

One such foolish way was a weird obsession to be friends with cute Ariana, see her naked and touch her.

She managed just that for a while, finding her way into Ariana's routine by working with her on online jobs. But when she found out Ariana usually slept through the morning she started abusing Ariana’s trust by sneaking into her home and touching her in her sleep. Kate had found out and broke ties with the downstairs couple, forbidding any and all contact.

Today Dana is on her way down when she catches Ariana in the elevator and tries to say hello for the millionth time. Ariana decides that more than a year of ignoring her is long enough and replies with a smile and a simple ‘hi.’

“How are you Ariana?” Dana wants to know, thinking 'Fucking finally!'.

Ariana replies that she’s fine.

“Cool! I’m good too. I am finally a psychologist. I got a job at the hospital and started last week.” She smiles at Ariana.

“Oh, your dream came true. That’s good. And Sheila? I didn’t see her for a long time.” Ariana is curious.

“We, ehh, separated for a while. We’re working some things out.” Dana lies unconvincingly.

“Oh, we got married…” Ariana quietly informs Dana.

“Oh? Congratulations. That’s one mystery solved.” Dana smiles, she had seen the couple all dressed up from her window on their wedding day.

“One mystery?” Ariana asks.

“Yea the other is who is parking his stupid RV in my parking spot in the garage.” Dana jokes.

“Oh, that’s ours…” Ariana confesses. “I have to go, cya.”

Ariana rushes out of the elevator before the door is half open and feels like running from Dana. There is a bad energy coming from her that makes her very uncomfortable.

Dana calls after her, “Hey, I don’t mind you parking there… Ok? Just could’ve asked!”

“Ok… Thanks.” Ariana replies and disappears out the lobby door.

Dana frowns, not understanding the sudden rush. She gets her mail and while looking at the envelopes walks up the stairs back to the 4th floor.

Ariana speedwalks to the supermarket looking over her shoulder to see if Dana is following her. She doesn’t feel like talking to her after all. Big mistake.

On her way back she cautiously looks into the building lobby to see if Dana is there, but it appears empty and Ariana quickly steps into the elevator and heads to the 12th floor without seeing anyone. Just as it should be.

Ariana is not a very social girl, preferring to be with Kate or alone.

She has been thinking about Sheila while getting groceries, the two used to be friends, maybe she’s her old self again without Dana being a bad influence, or whatever it was that caused Sheila to change into who she was.

Sheila had followed Dana out of college on the promise of getting a good life, Dana would become a psychologist and Sheila would be her housewife or something. It wasn’t really clear to Kate and Ariana what Sheila would be to Dana other than her partner.

Ariana promises herself to find out what happened to her former friend. Already planning on buying aspirin or something she doesn’t need from the Pharmacy where Sheila works, maybe she’s still there.

#### 3 - The fall

Back home, Kate is working on some accounting jobs Ariana had found for her on the online work site. They share Ariana’s account so they can cheat on their online rating, but also to get better jobs more suited to Kate’s skills.

Seeing her wife, Ariana drops her groceries and instantly forgets about the world and hangs over Kate’s shoulder nosing around to see what she’s doing.

Kate has finally come to terms with not having a proper job and has been working freelance from home like Ariana has been doing for years. She takes it way too serious for Ariana’s liking. Working actual office hours most of the time.

The two often work together and with Kate’s hard work they finally manage to reach a good dollar-per-day income. Sometimes their monthly total surpasses Kate's old salary. Allowing them to not care all that much about money, like before.

Ariana thinks it’s cool they earn a lot of money while spending all their time together, but overall doesn’t think too much of it. Not having to think about money or how it's spent has her oblivious to money woes. Kate is more grounded and thinks they’re doing a good job at being lucky and privileged and fully expects their freelance world to collapse any day now.

But that day hasn't come yet and there is no indication of it coming any time soon.

Kate needs to focus on her work and shoos Ariana away after a minute of being distracted. And Ariana tends to her chores and own work. Putting the groceries away and cleaning the bathroom, all the while milling over what could have happened to Sheila.

A fascinating curiosity.

She’s also thinking about what Kate said about their tape bondage, to make it more practical and easy.

Ducttape would be an obvious tape replacement as it’s cheap and sold everywhere. But a way to avoid sticking tape to her skin requires a bit more thought. Simply using plastic wrap is a waste, Ariana thinks.

But maybe a catsuit will work.

While looking around on the internet she comes across her favorite swimsuit brand, which happens to also sell bodysuits.

Slender looking catsuits made of spandex-like material. And to make that more interesting they also have buff-like scarfs, balaclavas and kneehigh socks. All made of smooth shiny material.

She puts together an outfit consisting of a bodysuit with legs and arms. She also picks a matching set of spandex socks that go up past her knees. And a spandex balaclava kind of hood finishes the outfit. The hood leaves her eyes open, but otherwise covers her entire head, including her nose and mouth. She can't find any gloves but that's alright.

Sending the links to Kate without further explanation, she continues her search for something to cut her loose. Going through Amazon she finds EMT scissors that supposedly cut through fabric and things like that without any risk of cutting or poking into skin.

Adding a decent looking pair to her cart she notices rolls of colorful material called Vet Wrap to wrap things in. Watching a few videos about how to use it she immediately sees people use it for bondage. Even Youtube has videos showing girls in bondage. 'Whoa. That's so cool…' Ariana thinks with her mouth agape.

"Babe? Come take a look at this." Kate interups Ariana's thoughts.

"Yes baby?" Ariana perks up and heads to their workroom.

Kate is looking at swimsuits on the website. "Order this one too, ok?" She shows a dark blue high waist swimsuit very similar to the one Ariana has.

Ariana smirks, "So you finally want a nice swimsuit?"

"Yea I guess…" Kate smiles. "So this is the solution? Spandex socks with a catsuit?"

"And the balaclava… yes, I think so. Better than wasting rolls of plastic wrap." Ariana says. “We’ll use tape or something over it, and the suit is so it doesn’t stick to my skin.” She explains.

"mmhm, you're right.” Kate agrees. “Well, better make that order so we can turn you into a dummy mummy." Kate encourages her.

"Thank you Kate…" Ariana gasps with a kiss on Kate's cheek and scurries away to make her purchase.

A minute later she receives a thank you email with an estimated delivery time of 3 weeks, directly from Japan.

Grumbling at the slow shipping she continues her research for Vet Wrap and orders 2 packs of 10 rolls of the stuff. Black and Pink. Which, along with the EMT scissors, will be delivered in a few days.

That night when Ariana is asleep Kate sits next to her in bed with her book. She can’t focus on reading and is thinking about her life, considering how Ariana caused so much to change for her. Changing jobs, things she eats, friends she no longer has. The rift between her and her parents for being a lesbian.

She sighs.

But the upside is that she has the most loving, dedicated and loyal, albeit weirdo, wife in the world. Considering how inseparable they’ve been over the last 3 years she can’t imagine being without Ariana ever again.

The mere thought of ever losing Ariana upsets her and all of the sudden she feels the need to tie her girl up. Keep her close and under her protection.

She digs up the box with what little bondage gear they have and puts wrist and ankle cuffs on Ariana's limbs and a collar around her neck.

Then with a thin rope she loops it through her ankle cuffs linking them together. The excess rope then goes through the wrist cuffs, linking them together as well. Keeping it short enough so Ariana can't stretch her legs, but not so short that it’s a hogtie. And again the excess rope goes up, and is tied off on her collar.

Thinking Ariana is secure she goes back to bed and reads a few chapters of her book while stealing glances at the beautiful woman next to her. Sleep finally overcomes her and she slumps sideways a bit with her book in her lap.

Later that night Ariana struggles in her sleep to straighten her legs but when she can't she wakes up mumbling her frustration. Quickly discovering she's tied up. "What the…" She mutters. She looks up to Kate who sits sleeping next to her holding a crumpled book.

Ariana grumbles something and rolls on her stomach which puts more pressure on her arms and neck unless she can hold her legs up. Not at all comfortable.

She then rolls on her right side and onto her back and with a scream she falls out of bed. Barely missing the nightstand with her head, landing hard on her right side hurting her arm and ankle. The drop knocks the wind out of her.

Kate wakes up with a shock but sees nothing out of the ordinary. "What was that?" She mumbles and looks around and sees nothing. She then checks the hallway but there's nothing going on there either.

After getting something to drink she finally realizes Ariana is missing from the bed. "Ariana? Where are you?" She quietly calls out through their flat.

Ariana had come to her senses and groans. "Kate help, I fell… It hurts…"

A startled Kate pokes her head over the edge of the bed and looks down at the poor girl. "Ariana? Babe, are you ok?" She tries to hold back a laugh.

With a grimace Ariana shakes her head and looks pitiful, "Help me Kate. Not funny."

Kate kneels next to her partner and unties the rope, throwing it aside. She feels stupid for tying her lover up.

Her protection is failing.

Ariana grimaces in pain whenever she moves her arm but a quick inspection later luckily shows that nothing is broken. Unfortunately Ariana has landed on her ankle and twisted it, a throbbing pain shoots throughout her leg and her arm and shoulder is showing signs of bruising.

"What do I do, what do I do?" Kate sounds stressed out.

"Nothing, I'll put cold water on it." And Ariana tries to stand but winces in pain.

Kate helps her lover to the bathroom where Ariana awkwardly sits down and lets cold shower water flow over her ankle.

#### 4 - Bandage bondage

It’s been a week. Two days ago a delivery man had brought 4 big boxes filled with rolls of Vet Wrap. The women don't understand how 2 packs of 10 rolls can turn into 4 boxes of 50 rolls. But that's what happened. They have 200 rolls of Vet Wrap in all kinds of colors.

Ariana had wanted to send it back, but Kate is sure they'll use it all up eventually. She’s actually really looking forward to wrapping Ariana from head to toe.

It's been a week since her fall and Ariana stares at her feet, wiggling them. Kate had wrapped her ankle in a tight bandage and then used her other leg as a sort of splint to stabilize the ankle. "To help her heal" Kate had assured her. The result being that from her knees down both her legs are wrapped tightly together in bandages allowing minimal movement.

Her arm is not much better off, it being wrapped in a bandage too "To hide the bruising", as Kate had put it with a smirk. But then had strapped her arm across her chest, rendering it immobile.

The excuse for this was that it would ease her shoulder.

Ariana had been stuck like this for most of the week. She had shuffled to the bathroom by herself a few times, once to the balcony but for the most part Kate has had to carry her around. Ariana really enjoyed being helpless for Kate who feeds her dinner and drinks. Assists her using the bathroom. Kate washes her body with a wet cloth regularly and more of such intimate and fun things.

"Kate, I need your help! Can you come here?" She calls out.

"Again?" Comes the tired reply from their home office.

Kate is getting fed up with their silly game, thinking it was a fun distraction for Ariana to amuse herself with. But the novelty wore off. Having her wife helplessly wrapped also meant she had to do grocery shopping herself, do most of their work alone and all house chores like cooking and cleaning.

Kate checks on Ariana and bends down to help her up from the couch but Ariana grabs Kate by the neck with her free hand and pulls her close. "Come here…" And kisses her on the nose.

"What is it babe?" Kate asks as she sits down.

"Some good news I think… My foot doesn't hurt today, look!" Ariana smiles sweetly while she wiggles her feet. “See, no pain.”

"Good, I'll let you free then and you can do the grocery shopping…" Kate retorts a bit too hastily. "I mean, if you're up for it."

Kate had done their usual weekly trip to the supermarket, but then also had to go again every day because she forgot to buy things. She envies Ariana who usually manages their household, especially when Kate still had a job. Always keeping it clean and making sure the groceries were done. Kate, organized as she is, didn't have to worry about any of that ever since Ariana moved in 3 years ago and she is not very good at it now.

Ariana frowns, "Let's go together and see how it goes. Right?"

Kate nods the affirmative. "Well, I'll remove the bandage, see what it looks like under there." She gets up and gets the EMT scissors, which she thinks is a very smart find from Ariana. She'd been very curious to try them out.

A couple of snips later and Ariana's arm is free. A few more snips and the wrapping falls off her arm. There is no trace of any bruising under there.

"Hah, that works really well." Kate approves of the scissors.

Soon Ariana's legs are separated but her ankle is still a bit sensitive without the support of the bandage. Kate washes Ariana with a wet cloth and wraps the ankle again in a fresh bandage. And soon they're ready to go for a walk.

Ariana limps a little but assures Kate it's fine.

On their way back from the supermarket Kate decides that Ariana can carry the cookies and bread while she does the heavy lifting herself.

#### 5 - Precious cargo

An update arrives on Ariana's order for the catsuit. Today is the day. 8 Days earlier than expected.

“Kate! Kate! Our stuff from Japan is coming today!” Ariana announces to her lover.

Kate just smiles. Imagining both of them will be wearing spandex for the afternoon and focuses on her book again.

Ariana has other things on her mind and spends the next half hour selecting vet wrap colors for her mummification. She can’t decide if she wants black or purple.

When the delivery man finally comes, Ariana almost trips over her own feet to get to the lobby door. When she gets back with a big floppy plastic envelope they tear it open and out comes their order.

Kate takes an immediate liking to her swimsuit and disappears into the bedroom to try it on while Ariana looks for her catsuit.

Kate comes out of the bedroom wearing her swimsuit. “Look babe…”

The navy blue and lighter blue trim contrasts very well with her white skin.

Ariana stares at Kate with her mouth agape. “Whoa…” Is all she can come up with after a few seconds.

Kate looks amazing, the swimsuit fits her perfectly and accentuates her every curve. Much better than the bikini she usually wears.

“Tha…that’s, ehh… wow” Ariana stutters in awe, she has completely lost her way seeing Kate like this.

Kate laughs at her, “Yeah? C’mon, get it out… What do you think?” She twirls around on one foot.

“It… It’s, ehh.” Ariana squeezes her eyes shut and shakes her head… “It’s, you look amazing sexy, Kate!” Ariana finally manages.

“Yea, it’s pretty good…” Kate casually agrees, spinning around again. “…my new favorite.” She then asks, “How is your catsuit?”

“Ehh…” Ariana looks down at the ripped plastic and back at Kate, lost for words.

Kate sits down next to Ariana and grabs the bag, tearing it open and unfolding the bright blue catsuit. “Ohh, that looks nice.” She says.

“Uh-huh…” Ariana mumbles.

“Hey, Ariana!” Kate snaps her fingers in front of her face. “Come back to reality and go try it on. Yea?”

“Uh-huh…” Ariana sits up on auto-pilot and pulls down her shorts. Pulling the catsuit over her legs. Kate helps her out of her shirt and bra and guides her arms into the suit.

Ariana looks even smaller than usual in the tight garment. Zipping up the back it perfectly conforms to her body similar to Kate’s swimsuit. “Damn girl, you’re extra cute now…” Kate compliments her.

“Uh-huh… ehh, thanks. You think?” Ariana mumbles.

“Absolutely! Here, put these on as well.” She hands the spandex socks to Ariana.

Ariana fidgets with the long socks while Kate figures out the hood. ‘Good thing she has short hair now…’ Kate thinks for the first time since cutting it. And pulls it over Ariana’s head, adjusting the eye hole to fit in the right spot.

Leaning back, Kate admires her now blue lover as she sits in front of her stroking herself and familiarizing herself with the suit’s look and feel. “So nice, so smooth… So tight… Sugoi…sugoi.” *(Amazing, amazing.)* Ariana admires herself.

Kate puts on Ariana’s pair of shorts and looks like a proper beach chick. She then grabs a roll of the purple vet wrap. “Hey Ariana, want to get stuck?” She calls out from the hallway?

“Uh-huh…” She hears the mumbled reply.

‘Geez she’s on another planet,’ Kate thinks with a smirk. “Are you ok babe? Can you focus on what we’re doing?”

Kate sits back down next to Ariana and kisses her covered mouth, “Hey, are you ok?”

“Yea I’m ok… It’s just, ehh… You, and this thing, the feeling” She gestures at herself, “It’s very good.”

“Ok, well, if you’re ready I’d like to try something. It’ll make you super helpless. I saw it online.” Kate suggests.

Ariana just nods. “Anything Kate, whatever you want.” She gasps without thinking.

Laughing at her, Kate instructs her to sit on her butt and pull her knees to her chin.

Without hesitation Ariana gets into position.

Kate then peels off some vet wrap and wraps Ariana’s ankles together. The stuff doesn’t stick to the bodysuit at all but does cling to itself. Next Kate wraps Ariana’s wrists together behind her back and also adds a few windings around her elbows. Not too tight.

“How’s that?” Kate wants to know.

Ariana whimpers and fidgets a bit but says nothing.

Taking it as a ‘continue’, Kate then wraps around her elbows again, all the way around her torso, catching her knees and starts winding down, pulling as much slack out of the vet wrap as possible.

When she reaches the girl's ankles she pulls extra tight and wraps back up to where she started.

“More? Ariana?” Kate asks.

Ariana has been making little grunting noises when Kate pulls on the wrap, she sits there nervously looking at what Kate is doing to her. She finally nods after a few seconds.

“All the way,” she breathes.

Kate looks deep in her eyes. “Last chance sweetie…” She whispers.

Ariana swallows and nods, “Yes boss.”

Kate kisses her on the cheek whispering, “Good girl.” And rolls Ariana on her back, carefully pushing her feet flat against her butt. Seeing no response from Ariana she then wraps her feet almost flush against Ariana’s body.

“Very flexible, hm?” Kate admires her handiwork, mumbling to no-one in particular.

She then spins her lover around and wraps her head, again pulling the wrap tight. It turns out that Ariana can breathe just fine without an air gap in the wrap and she covers her entire head in 2 layers of vet wrap, leaving the area over her mouth as 1 layer - Just in case.

Ariana is then directed to turn her head a bit sideways and Kate tries to push her head into her knees. That doesn’t really work but when Ariana looks straight into her knees it’s close enough.

“Comfy?” Kate asks.

Getting a ‘mmmph’ed response for a yes the wrap starts on the back of Ariana’s head and goes all the way around under her butt, and round a few times until Ariana’s head is just a weird hump on a big lumpy oval.

“There, all done. Have fun now.” Kate laughs at her balled up lover, pushing her over.

Ariana squeals as the falling sensation takes her by surprise and wobbles on her side. She feels even more restrained than her previous mummification. She can't even wiggle her toes or move her head now.

Kate stares at the weird ball of sexual tension in her living room and takes a few photos for Ariana to see later.

Stroking her girl and feeling her up causes Ariana to squirm ang giggle.

“You’re ok in there?” Kate asks, “Are you good for a while?

“Uh-huh…” Comes the muffled voice of Ariana.

Ariana has to take deep breaths to get enough air. That’s not ideal. But she’s too caught up in her experience to really care. Kate doesn’t know this of-course and relies on Ariana’s feedback.

She leaves Ariana alone for a while, while she changes her outfit and gets the mail from downstairs.

Ariana has been going crazy with horniness over the last 30 or so minutes. Kate had left her alone and she’s trying to flex her body in her tight confines. Not being able to move a muscle is an immense turn on.

She exerts herself to try and roll but she can’t even do that. There is no leverage. Her ankles and neck start to cramp from being in this unnatural position for so long and finally she gives up and lets out a frustrated moan.

Kate is not done yet though.

“Hey Ariana, do you want to go outside?” She hears Kate’s voice.

Ariana struggles a little and hums the affirmative. ‘Whatever.’ She thinks.

Kate laughs and disappears.

This confuses Ariana as she had expected Kate to pick her up and carry her to the balcony. A minute later she’s picked up, and deposited onto a different surface, it smells weird and plasticky.

Then the sound of zips, and all sound around her becomes even more muffled. Ariana is confused by all this and can’t imagine what Kate is doing.

The tilting sensation that follows has her squeal in surprise and the moving motion interrupted by small clunky shocks that follow scares her. ‘What the fuck is Kate doing.’ She mmphs to get Kate’s attention, but it goes unnoticed.

Soon they’re in the elevator, going down. Ariana is petrified.

When the downward motion stops for a moment, 2 people start talking next to her, unknown voices. Someone has joined them in the elevator.

Then a slight tilt and more movement, over a smooth surface this time.

“Hi, eh, hello. Can I leave my suitcase here for a moment?” She hears Kate’s voice.

Ariana can’t believe her ears. She’s inside their wheeled suitcase? ‘What the fuck… That stupid Kate, what if someone finds out.’ She is more scared than ever and tries her hardest to not move or make any sound.

“Oh, yea. Just put it there.” She hears the friendly and familiar voice of the building concierge.

“Here?” Kate asks.

She’s wheeled over a ledge, “Yes, next to the desk is fine.”

“You’re going on a trip?” The concierge asks.

“Yea, no. Not really.” Kate evades the question. “Actually, Ariana has been a dummy and broke the groceries bag. So now I have to use this… I’ll be right back.”

Kate leaves her poor wife alone. Ariana hates Kate for her dangerous game, but at the same time is completely absorbed into a weird excitement she never felt before.

“Tsktsk, women, just take the car and use the trunk…” She hears the concierge mumble as he continues his work.

When he moves around he accidentally kicks the suitcase, which of-course barely moves with Ariana in it.

Ariana mmmphs in surprise.

The concierge looks at the suitcase and it takes him a few seconds to realize there should be an empty thud. He taps the suitcase a few times with his foot but hears no empty sound, and wonders what's going on.

Ariana meanwhile is none too pleased with what’s happening and tries her best to stay quiet and undetected.

The concierge moves Ariana and places her next to the trash bin, near the door. Clearly something heavy is inside but he gives it little thought. Kate and Ariana are a bunch of weirdos anyway, so who knows what Kate is up to, he thinks.

A moment later he goes to inspect the building heater.

20 minutes later Kate finally comes back, she’s very anxious to pick up Ariana, she feels a little guilty for taking so long. But also thinks it’s a turn on to know that she has a very precious cargo while others just see a boring suitcase.

Kate finds Ariana near the door and wheels her to their camper in the parking garage, briefly considering strolling around the building but decides against it and instead hauls the thing into their camper RV and places Ariana in the living room area.

They had finally bought and renovated a RV for adventures. Chasing a silly fantasy of eventually living in it. However, after the first trip several months ago they didn’t plan for another. Ariana had barely mentioned the RV at all.

Kate considers it a bit of a failed project.

Ariana thinks they’re isolated from the world in some room and starts making noise. Her neck really hurts now, and her healing ankle is at its limit too. Plus her public excursion… She’s had enough.

“Ariana, are you ok?” She asks with a cheery voice, “We’re in the camper.”

Ariana makes a bit of a ruckus.

Kate notices the distress and unzips the suitcase. Lifting Ariana out and onto the floor causes her to squeal and mmph as loud as she can.

“Relax babe, nobody can see you.” Kate says holding Ariana in place. Staring at her bundled up lover for a second she’s unsure what to do next but unwraps the vet wrap holding her head in place. As soon as Ariana’s head is loose Ariana calms down but 'mmps' and mumbles about her ‘ahkle hutting’.

Kate gets the hint and removes more of the wrapping until her feet can go in a more natural position.

‘Mmmmmm’ Ariana sounds, making a rotating motion with her ankle.

Fascinated by the whole ordeal Kate says nothing but looks ‘under’ Ariana and notices a damp spot over her crotch.

“Hah,” Kate laughs, touching the spot. “Look here sweetie… You’re all wet.”

Ariana moans at the touch, it’s a very minimal sensation. But any pleasurable sensation heightens her confused horniness right now. Her body is in overdrive, and her mind is in turmoil. Scared, excited and horny emotion all mixed up. It’s almost too much for the poor girl.

“I brought you something, here…” And she presses the buzzing vibrator against Ariana’s crotch.

A squeal escapes the balled up girl and a shudder shakes them both as soon Ariana can’t take it anymore and orgasms letting out a loud ‘ooowwhhhhmmmm’. She flexes her muscles with all her might but is ofcourse unable to move.

Kate keeps the vibrator in place throughout Ariana’s orgasm, prolonging it and when she finally turns it off Ariana is quiet, spent.

With the scissors she snips through the wrap, careful not to snatch the bodysuit and a few minutes later Ariana is loose and is splayed out on the floor with her eyes closed.

“Hi, welcome back.” Kate tries. But Ariana just quietly moans and otherwise doesn’t respond. She doesn’t seem to realize she is free either.

Pulling off the hood Kate takes a good look at her lover and sees a content but tired smile. Bending down to Ariana’s ear she whispers, “Hey, you’re free, do you need something? A drink?”

“It’s too much…” Ariana sobs and she curls up in Kate’s arms.

A worried Kate puts her to bed in the RV with a kiss and wipes a few tears from Ariana’s cheek. “Stay here Ariana, I’ll go get some things to make you comfortable for the night.” She rushes through the building to get some clothes, pineapple juice, cookies and some sweets.

The concierge sees Kate going back and forth and gets the feeling she’s doing something she’s not supposed to, but has no clue what the woman is up to. Certainly not buying groceries like she said.

Meanwhile Ariana comes to her senses and stretches as if she just woke up. Sniffling a bit she looks lazily around and sees the familiar camper bedroom.

Sitting upright, Kate is nowhere to be seen. Ariana looks outside the bedroom and sees the mess they made. The ground is littered with pieces of Vet Wrap.

Then a pang of anger hits her. Kate had taken her outside. Dropping down on the floor near the suitcase she thinks about what happened.

A few minutes later Kate enters the RV.

“Kate!” Ariana exclaims.

“Hey babe, how are you feeling?” Kate asks.

“Don’t take me outside! We talked about that!” Ariana shouts at Kate. “What if someone notices?”

“Nobody noticed, I made sure of that…”

“How? You left me for hours with the concierge… I heard it. Do you realize how scary that was?” Ariana looks upset.

Kate looks puzzled, “Hours? More like 15 minutes. But I get what you mean. I’m sorry.” She crouches next to Ariana and hugs her tightly. She repeats herself, “Sorry sweetie… I thought it was a turn-on to walk around with a girl in a suitcase.”

Ariana ‘hmmphs’ but leans into Kate. “I never thought of being in a suitcase…” She whispers under her breath. “It’s very scary, but also exciting. I felt like I was in my chest again.”

Kate remembers Ariana’s crazy box, she had built it herself before hooking up with her.

A self bondage chest that locked Ariana inside on a timer, completely immobile in some kind of foam. In a curious moment Kate had indulged Ariana’s request to lock her in without her knowing when the timer ran out. Kate had to go back to work and left Ariana locked up for the afternoon. She had felt awkward the whole time for leaving her like that.

This was Ariana’s first show of absolute trust in Kate. But Kate had thought many times that Ariana simply didn’t care if she ever got out and seriously doubted her sanity at the time. And maybe that’s true, but it had triggered Kate’s need to take care of her friend and co-worker, which led to them falling in love soon after.

“So next time I’ll just put the suitcase in the closet for a few hours or so?” Kate carefully asks.

“If there is a next time…” Ariana mumbles. “I’m thirsty Kate.”

“I brought pineapple, do you want some?” Kate veers up.

Ariana sips her drink when Kate asks, “Did you enjoy yourself also? Or did I do everything wrong?”

“Ehh, yes, no. I really liked it. All of it…” Ariana looks Kate in her eyes.

Kate looks relieved, thinking she can get away with taking her outside their home in a suitcase some time if she’s careful. ‘Oh the opportunities…’ She considers with a dark curiosity.

#### 6 - No ordinary day

The women spend the night in the RV, Ariana is not really in the mood for much else other than relaxing and sleeping, so that’s what she does. She had removed the bodysuit and the spandex socks and went to bed. Kate has fetched her book and sits next to Ariana watching over her lover as she sleeps while stroking her hair.

The next morning Kate wakes up first, they end up in each other's arms during the night. Ariana often seeks the comfort of Kate’s embrace in her sleep.

Placing little kisses on Ariana’s scalp Kate lies awake thinking about the day ahead. She really wants a donut. Something covered in sugar. There is also much work to do, Ariana has to help her. They took on a lot of work for the week and didn’t do any of it yesterday.

Getting out of bed a little while later she stumbles around in the dimly lit room. The RV has no power and she didn’t bother turning anything on the night before. The air is stuffy inside.

She considers putting Ariana back in the suitcase and take her upstairs, but decides against that for now and puts a set of clothes on the bed for her. They’re going out for breakfast.

Kate pinches Ariana’s cute nose to wake her up and leaves her to it and cleans up the living room a bit. Folding the bondage suit and putting it in a pocket in the suitcase. And gathering all vet wrap remains and throwing that in the suitcase as well, along with the carton of juice that’s now empty and some other stuff that needs to go upstairs.

Back in the bedroom Ariana lies awake wondering why she’s in the camper. And then her memory comes flooding back. Her wild adventure in the suitcase while wrapped up. Being scared while Kate had carted her around the building. The intense forced orgasm she got. Her moment of crying and anger towards Kate when she got released and then… nothing. But she wants more.

“Kate? Are you here?” Ariana calls out.

“In here…” Kate yells back from the living room, “Just cleaning up a little.”

Ariana climbs out of bed completely naked and finds Kate, “Hey…” Ariana just gasps and throws herself onto Kate, hugging her.

“Good morning, how do you feel now? A bit more alive?”

“I love you Kate, so so much. You know that right?” Ariana whispers in her ear.

“Ehh, sure…” Kate replies. "I love you too."

“Take me to the shopping mall sometime…” Ariana starts. “You know, in the, ehh, suitcase. If you like.”

Kate looks at her with an excited glint in her eye, “Are you sure about that?”

“No.” Ariana admits. “But you said it’s exciting for you.”

Kate nods dumbfounded. “Uh-huh, I kinda did…”

“Just use the ballgag or something so I can’t make anyone suspicious.” Ariana continues.

“You really want it, huh?” Kate snaps out of her surprised reaction. “Do you think you are brave like that?”

“Just do what you want Kate, don’t tell me when you do it… I don’t care, as long as you’re with me and protect me.”

“Ariana, please. Think about that. I’m not that kind of boss…”

“But Kate…” Ariana interrupts Kate.

“No Ariana, no… As much as I think it’s a cool idea. I won’t do it if it’s against your will, ok?”

“But…” Ariana starts again.

“Ariana! No! Think about what you’re saying.” Kate sternly says. “I’ll think about it. I very much appreciate your trust and all that. But let’s not overdo it ok?”

Ariana nods, looking sad. “I love you Kate, you’re always so smart.”

“Come here, babe.” She pulls Ariana off of her shoulder and onto her lap. ”What’s up with you? Is your life not fun or exciting enough?” Kate asks with a worried look. “Or was yesterday so exciting that you want more?”

“I just want to make you happy Kate…” Ariana admits, “I didn’t think about you. And you always do these things for me. I think you really like mummification and secret games like that. More than all the other things.”

“Oh sweetie, I do. I think. But I’m very happy already, ever since we started having lunch at work and even more since you moved in with me.” Kate assures her. “You’re the first to know if that changes, ok?”

Ariana nods into Kate’s shoulder. “Ok boss.”

“Hey, cheer up ok? Let’s go to Starbucks for some coffee and something sweet.”

Ariana nods again. But Kate doesn’t let go of her. Instead she holds her more firmly. She's humbled by Ariana’s affections. ‘It’s going to be one of those days.’ She thinks with a quiet sigh.

When they get back from Starbucks around noon, Ariana is starting to be her old self again. Filled with sugary treats and orange juice she drops in her seat at her desk and starts with her work for the day as Kate had instructed.

‘Kate is always so organized,’ Ariana once again thinks, admiring her. She herself often slacks off, doing a few work related tasks in a day, and when she’s distracted or bored with it just ignores it until she’s in the mood again. As a result she usually only works a few hours per day. Kate on the other hand believes in office hours and usually works 8 full hours every day. It makes her much more productive than herself.

Over the past few months Kate had easily surpassed her income by doing far more and more advanced jobs.

Ariana puts her mind to the task at hand and soon Kate joins her and they work mostly in silence until the late afternoon.

Around 6PM they share the sunbed on the balcony and watch the sun go down. Ariana is preoccupied with a large plume of smoke a few kilometers away. The women speculate what could cause it.

That evening Kate dares Ariana to have her head wrapped and also to sleep with it.

Ariana nervously nods, half thinking Kate wants her to obey instead of just playfully asking.

“Do you think you can do it by going blind and deaf?” Kate curiously asks.

“What do you mean?” Ariana wants to know.

“Ehh, well I can just wrap your head but then some light and sound will still creep in right?” Kate starts to explain.

Ariana nods.

“Or, we can patch your eyes and plug your ears, somehow, and then wrap you up.”

“But then how do we talk?” Ariana swallows with a scared look in her eyes that tells Kate enough really.

“Uhm, I guess we don’t.” Kate smiles at her. “And besides, most of the time we’ll be sleeping anyway.”

“Mmhm” Ariana nods. “Give me a minute ok? I’ll think about it.”

“Haha, sure. Either way is fine ok?” Kate laughs, fully expecting Ariana to chicken out. And continues her chat with her sister Lisa on Messenger.

Kate doesn’t mind either way, she imagines losing several senses can be a scary thing. Especially for high-sensitive persons like Ariana.

She read that in a book…

10 minutes or so later Ariana comes out of their office and shouts at Kate, “HEY KATE?! CAN YOU SAY SOMETHING?!”

Kate looks startled and asks why she’s shouting.

“I CAN’T HEAR ANYTHING KATE!” Ariana yells back looking victorious.

Ariana watches her lover laugh without sound and thinks it’ll drive her nuts soon. But she wants to try. If nothing else she’ll have the quietest sleep ever.

She sees Kate’s mouth move and puts a finger over her lips as if to shush her, but has no idea what she’s saying. She’s just talking to Kate like always.

Sitting next to Kate she shows her other idea, holding up 2 folded half socks. “LOOK!” She yells and briefly holds the socks over her eyes. “WRAP IT LIKE THAT AND I CAN’T SEE. BUT IT’S SOFT!”

Kate smiles and looks at Ariana’s ear, a wad of vet wrap and glue or something bulging out of it. Pointing at Ariana’s ear she mouths, “What that?”

“I MOLDED A PIECE OF WRAP AND GLUED IT TOGETHER ON THE OUTSIDE!” Ariana loudly explains.

Kate nods and gives her a thumbs up.

20 minutes later Ariana’s head is wrapped up. Her entire head is wrapped in 3 layers of red vet wrap, aside from her mouth which only has 1 layer. The wrapping sneaks down her neck and Kate had tucked the end under it to make sure it won’t come loose during the night.

Ariana stands in the middle of the living room, unsure what to do now. She flinches when Kate grabs her hand. She’s gently pushed somewhere. Feeling tiles under her feet it’s towards the front door. Then right, onto soft carpet, she’s in the bedroom now.

Kate tugs on her pants and helps Ariana step out of them. Her panties follow. Then her socks and finally her shirt.

Stepping back Kate admires her beautiful wife. Her smooth brown-ish skin, firm handfuls of breasts, a narrow waist. And then the stark contrast of the red wrap which hides her face, but shows every curve of her head.

It’s quite attractive.

Ariana feels around for Kate but finds nothing. Mmphing for help, the blind and deaf woman bends down and locates the bed. When she’s standing against it with her knees Kate steps forward and pushes her.

Ariana squeals as she falls face first into the soft mattress. Kate laughs at her crazy wife struggling and helps her straighten out on the bed.

Having learned from last time, Kate grabs Ariana’s hand and guides it to the edge of the bed so that Ariana can clearly feel where the danger is. Sliding her hand across the space between her body and the edge so she knows approximately how much space that is and leaves her to explore the bed on her own.

Kate brushes her teeth, thinking Ariana didn’t brush hers, and sits on the toilet thinking of a way to tease and annoy her girl.

She could surprise her with the strap on. Or maybe Ariana already expects it and the real surprise is to be ignored? Or Kate could tie her up and tease her to orgasm? Or poke her from time to time and pinch her nipples or something.

A long yawn catches Kate and she heads to bed herself where Ariana made herself comfortable more or less in the middle of the bed. She flinches and mmphs when Kate joins her.

‘Gotta be strong, gotta be strong…’ Ariana thinks Kate had left her alone in bed and she’s already going crazy. She wants out, she wants to see, hear. Kiss Kate, talk to her. Wish her good night. And she can’t do any of those things.

Ariana is not at all certain of her surrender to Kate. She never could endure sensory deprivation for more than an hour or so when Kate is around. She did it on her own, but then there is nobody to pay attention to. No reason to be able to talk, hear or see. Now it’s different and she hates it.

Suddenly there is a tugging sensation on her head and something slides over it. Covering her head like a bag.

Ariana whines and struggles as Kate pulls the leather hood over her head. It’s an open mouth design, but aside from the mouth and chin hole it covers her head completely in leather. Kate pulls the lace tight and ties it off, compressing Ariana’s head further. Pushing her home made earplugs deeper into her ears.

A gentle tap on her nose and something of a kiss on her mouth and she’s left to wallow in her misery.

Then there is a wet sensation on her left nipple as Kate sucks on it causing a moan from Ariana.

Then it moves to her other nipple and Ariana forgets her woes for the moment.

Taking deep breaths through her mouth she pants and squirms as Kate drives her mad with desire. But then it all stops. Ariana groans for Kate to continue. She never felt so clueless, there is no sound at all other than the blood hissing in her ears. A darkness so intense she can’t tell up and down apart. And her entire body is sensitive to touch, which she doesn’t quite understand.

A finger traces between her boobs down to her pussy. Lingering around her clitoris, touching it ever so slightly. Ariana trembles in anticipation and moans at the featherlight touch.

And then it’s gone.

Nothing. A movement next to her as Kate lies down and pulls the tortured woman in a tight embrace. And that’s it?

Ariana hums and grunts but nothing more happens.

Suffice to say Ariana doesn’t get much sleep that night. She’s super sensitive and horny still. The darkness that surrounds her scares her and not being able to hear is uncanny.

#### 7 - Waking up

Ariana lies awake for many hours, she lost track of time long ago. Kate moves occasionally, but clearly is vast asleep.

Logical Ariana knows it’s probably only been a few hours. Crazy Ariana knows she’s been deprived of her sensory inputs for at least 3 days. She finally falls asleep around 6AM, but is awoken by Kate stirring and getting up at 6:30.

Logical Ariana knows that since this is the first time Kate makes a big movement it’s probably morning. However, crazy Ariana makes a strong argument that it’s been over a week now.

Kate disappears for minutes that feel like hours.

Kate meanwhile had a restful sleep and sits on the edge of the bed with a glass of chocolate milk. She’s looking at Ariana. Seeing her restless movements. Hearing the small confused humming. But most of all sees the signs of a woman who’s completely out of it.

Putting her glass aside she bends down and unties the lace of the leather hood, working it off of her head. Stroking the girl's head, Ariana noticeably calms down and after a few strokes she continues freeing Ariana.

Removing the wrap and as the folded socks drop away from Ariana’s eyes she squeezes them shut to block the morning sun. Kate strokes her cheek and kisses her good morning, remembering the ear plugs and pulls those out too.

“Hey silly, good morning.” She whispers into Ariana’s ear.

Ariana looks bewildered around trying to adjust to the sounds and light and croaks, “Kate, is it really you?”

“Yes sweetie, I’m here.” Kate strokes Ariana’s face again and whispers soothing words at her.

20 minutes later Ariana sits upright in bed greedily drinking Kate’s chocolate milk, holding the glass with both hands.

She looks over the glass with tired eyes at her feet thinking that was the shittiest night ever.

“I take it you didn’t sleep?” Kate asks, “You look like crap.”

Mid-drink Ariana shifts her eyes to Kate and grunts “nuh-uh".

“I see, how was it?” Kate continues.

Ariana finishes her drink and looks a bit lost. “It was horrible. Why did you make me do that?” She accuses Kate.

“I didn’t Ariana, you agreed to it remember?” Kate counters taken aback.

“Yes but you know I don’t like wearing the hood. And this was 10 times worse. You should have stopped me.”

Kate stares at her. “Babe, I’m sorry, but you should have refused… And if you think this is bad, how will you be able to deal with being carted through the city while in a suitcase. This is exactly why I want you to think about what you suggest for things like this.”

Ariana looks at Kate with curious eyes, a smile creeping over her face. “But I can do it for you Kate. I just hate doing it.”

Kate rolls her eyes. “Get some rest babe, we’ll talk about it later ok?”

“Mmhm.” Ariana agrees, she lets herself drop down on her back. “Can you sit next to me while you work? I want to be near you.”

“Sure thing, you just relax ok? I’ll be here.” Kate promises. But Ariana doesn’t hear her, she’s already sleeping.

Kate straightens her out, puts the blanket over her and goes to make breakfast for herself. ‘I can do it for you, but hate it…’ She fumes, repeating Ariana’s words in her thoughts. “Stupid fool.” She mumbles, thinking this is not healthy behavior.

After her morning egg and toast Kate sets up her laptop in bed and works through the morning. However, the scary thought that Ariana is going crazy troubles her and she doesn’t get much work done.

Ariana had grabbed hold of Kate's left arm and lies quietly moaning in her restless sleep. Kate can’t focus on her work and just sits there looking at Ariana, she’s worried. This Ariana reminds her of 3 years ago when she also wasn’t quite right in the head, but then it was easy to know why, shitty boyfriends, shitty job… Discovering she’s a lesbian. But now? Kate has no idea.

#### 8 - Life improvement

Hours later Kate blames the mummification. She thought about it, it started when she had wrapped Ariana’s hands in tape.

‘None of that…’ She angrily thinks, and what’s worse she blames herself for breaking her wife’s mind. Kate jumps out of bed and kicks the boxes with rolls of vet wrap into the washroom and out of sight.

Next she throws the bodysuit, socks and balaclava in a plastic bag and in the back of the closet. Followed by the leather hood. Also out of sight.

‘Why can’t we just be normal ordinary people.’ Kate frustratedly thinks. Immediately followed by, ‘Because we’re the coolest people ever… Ordinary IS stupid and boring.’

This belief comes out of a desire to not turn into her mother.

‘But ordinary is also safe and stable…’ She argues with her own thoughts.

Ariana had woken up and now follows Kate stomping around the bedroom with curious eyes. She watches Kate throw a plastic bag and the leather hood in the closet. She heard a door slam shut somewhere in the flat.

She knows Kate through and through, Kate is upset with something. Probably her, she can feel it. Glancing at her phone, it’s already 5PM, she slept all day again. Not having cooked for 3 days the chicken she put out a few days ago probably has gone off. Lettuce too, most likely.

Ariana sighs. Wondering if she should talk to Kate or just do something nice for her and see what will happen.

Kate appears next to her interrupting her thoughts, she kneels next to the bed and looks at her. “Hey, Are you awake?” Kate whispers, “Feeling any better?”

Ariana nods with a smile, “Good morning Kate.”

Kate puts a little kiss on her nose and smiles back.

“You’re upset Kate. What’s wrong? Tell me.” Ariana doesn’t ask, just states the fact.

“I’m worried about you.” Kate admits.

“Why? I’m fine.” Ariana assures her.

“I don’t think so.” Kate informs her. “I don’t like where your head is at. You remind me of when I came to your home for the first time.”

“Oh…” Ariana frowns.

“Are we doing too much weird stuff?” Kate wonders, “Is it too much? Or is something bothering you? Anything at all?”

“Maybe something bothers you?” Ariana counters the question.

“Right now the only thing that bothers me is how you respond to the whole mummification thing…” Kate assures her. “It scares me babe.”

“Oh… But I’m fine. Don’t worry about me.”

“But don’t lose yourself Ariana. Please?” Kate looks desperate.

Ariana looks at her. “What do you mean?”

“What you said yesterday? About me taking you to the mall. And you accusing me of forcing you to do things this morning. You’re forgetting yourself.” Kate explains. “Be your own person ok? You’re not my plaything to do with as I please. You’re my wife, a person, never forget that.”

“But don’t you want to do that to me?” Ariana asks innocently.

“No babe, not TO you… WITH you.” Kate assures her, “Big difference. Do you understand?”

“Uh-huh…”

“We do things together when we both want it, or not at all. Ok?” Kate clarifies.

“Just like in Xam’d?” Ariana asks with a whisper.

“What?” Kat doesn’t understand.

“The anime we watched a while ago, Xam’d. The boy Akiyuki, he has to remember himself in order to live…” Ariana smiles.

“Eh sure…” Kate says. She doesn’t really remember what the anime is about. It’s all a blur of high pitched voices and Japanese to her.

“You’re my Nakiami.” She sticks out her tongue at Kate. Referring to the woman that guides and tries to save Akiyuki.

“What's a nakiami? No! I’m your partner and I worry about you…” Kate snaps back. “Will you please be more considerate to yourself and get your head in order? Focus on life. Or try at least?”

“Yes Kate.” Ariana whispers, “Kiss me…”

Kate frowns and thinks Ariana is not taking her seriously but leans in closer and kisses her wife intensely. The two entangle and Kate loses her serious demeanor somewhat.

“You were really cruel to me last night, you know?” Ariana smiles. “I almost orgasmed twice because I was so sensitive but you stopped too soon and then you just went to sleep…”

Kate says nothing but buries her face in Ariana’s neck letting her tears flow.

“What’s wrong Kate?”

“Oh you’re such a kid sometimes. It’s your best and worst trait…” Kate complains. “I’m sorry, I’m just worried about you and you don’t take it seriously at all.”

“I do Kate, but I’m fine. Really.”

Kate ‘hmms’ and changes the subject. “The fridge stinks, maybe we should clean it out?”

Ariana laughs, “Oh Kate Kate Kate, what would you do without me… That’s probably just some old chicken.”

“Yes, what would I do without you, I don’t know. So please please please think about what I said.” Kate begs Ariana.

Tears well up and both women cry for a moment, sniffling and sobbing into each other’s shoulders.

#### 9 - To the gym

Kate is sitting on their balcony with a glass of wine. She didn’t go to the gym for months and it’s starting to show. Her arm muscles have diminished and her stomach is less flat. Much like Ariana always has been. But she’s not a naturally slender asian chick. She has gained a bit of weight, too.

It has been a few days since Kate had her little breakdown and everything they normally do is a bit on the back burner. Ariana is trying hard to be mindful even though she doesn’t really understand what Kate wants from her. Other than overindulging into their latest bondage game she’s the same person, she’s pretty sure.

‘I’m such a slob…’ Kate thinks.

Ariana steps outside with a huge bag of nachos under her arm and a bowl of some kind of salsa dip she made with tomato and spring onion.

Sitting next to Kate she dives into the bag and feeds Kate a few nachos.

“You’re always eating crap.” Kate accuses her. “How are you not fat?”

“Because I’m Japanese of-course. We’re naturally pretty.” Ariana smiles. “Why?”

“I’m getting fat, look…” Kate shows her stomach.

Ariana looks at her weird, “You’re not fat baby. You’re just like me.”

“I should go to the gym again.” Kate thinks out loud. “You should come too.”

“I’ll cheer you on, hm?”

“No babe, to get in shape together. To be more strong. It’s good for your mind too.”

“Oh…” Ariana flatly responds, “Fine, if you want we’ll go to the gym some time…”

She’s not at all a sporty type, other than walking around the city or going for a walk in a forest once a year or so she doesn’t care for any sport or exercise.

Kate nods with a smile. “It’ll be fun. You'll see.” She promises her lover.

“Sure…” Ariana responds unenthusiastically.

2 days later the women show up at the nearby gym, Kate wears her regular leggings and a tank top. Her hair is in a ponytail.

Ariana wears her bodysuit under her clothes, A fitted t-shirt covers her torso. She skipped on underwear, no panties, no bra. She just wears a pair of shorts.

She looks at the strange looking exercise equipment and has no idea what any of it is. She never really thought about what kinds of exercise someone does in a gym other than the standard treadmill and lifting weights. But she sure thinks it’s busy in here. Too busy.

Kate thinks Ariana looks a bit silly in her chosen outfit, but says nothing. Already glad she’s tagging along. First they go for a run on treadmills. Ariana gives up on running after a minute or so and prefers to walk.

“Come on, go faster.” Kate teases her. But Ariana swings at Kate to slap her arm and almost loses her balance mid stride. After about 5 kilometers Kate hops off the machine and admires Ariana’s butt while catching her breath.

“See, you’re already tired. I can go much longer than you!” Ariana sticks out her tongue over her shoulder.

“Try running…” Kate gasps, “You’re supposed to push yourself and get tired, miss.” She’s surprised she can still run for this long.

Ariana ignores the remark and walks for a few more minutes, barely completing 2 kilometers and gets off herself. “So now what?”

“I’m doing my legs today, is there anything you like to try?” Kate looks around, “We can do squats.”

“What’s that? No, I’ll lift some weights. I’m pretty strong…” Ariana brags.

“Mmhm, be careful, ok? It’s harder than it looks.” Kate says stretching her legs as she prepares for her next exercise.

Ariana heads over to the weights area and looks at how that works. A muscular guy throws a barbell bar on his bench and slides on a ton of weights with a clamp on the end. ‘Hah, easy.’ Ariana thinks and goes to do the same.

She’s surprised by the weight of the bar. Then picks some weights which she can carry with some effort and lies down on the bench. She pushes up with all her might but can’t lift the thing at all.

“Need any help there?” The muscular guy sees her struggling and curiously comes to her aid, looking down at her.

“What? No, I just put too many things on.” Ariana says.

He laughs knowingly and tells her to swap the 25 kilogram weights for 2 kilogram ones and try again.

“Ehh, ok. Thanks.” And then thinks, ‘2 kilos?! I’m not weak!’

Still, she listens to the man and takes her setup apart replacing the weights with 5 kilo ones.

Trying again, she can barely lift the bar now and with shaky arms and a groan she pushes the bar up and lets it clunk down on the stand after a few seconds.

“Hey, hey, careful!” The guy interupts her again, “Where is your spotter?”

“My what?” Ariana naively asks.

“Your spotter, someone to help you…”

“Ehh… I’ll be fine.” Ariana tells him.

“No you won’t, you can barely lift those. Either use much less weight or get an instructor to help you.”

“Let him help you Ariana,” She hears Kate’s voice from a little ways away.

“Kate, why?”

“If you drop the bar on your chest you’ll get hurt.” Kate tells her. And she nods thankful at the man.

The man towers over her head and nods with a serious face. “You’ll crush your throat and chest.”

Ariana sighs, “Fine, what do I do?”

The man stands close to her head and holds his hands under the bar. “I’ll be here, like this, and you lift the bar.” He says. “If something goes wrong I’ll catch it.”

Ariana grabs the bar and pushes up with all her might. As soon as she does, the man starts shouting at her to ‘come on’, and to ‘go higher’, and ‘a little longer’.

Encouraging her to push her limits repeatedly.

Grunting and groaning Ariana manages to push the weight up 4 times and hold it high for a few seconds and then the guy grabs the bar and guides it down. “Good. Enough!” He says. “Take a few minutes and you can try again.”

Ariana scurries away to the other side of the area where Kate is still doing stretches and leg exercises. “He’s nuts Kate” She hisses to her. “Shouting like that? Pretending to help. Just so he can look at me?”

“Ariana! Don’t be like that.” Kate says without looking up. “That’s how gyms work, we look out for each other. You should thank him and introduce yourself. Maybe he’ll help you again sometime. Or give his advice.”

“Why can’t you help me?” Ariana demands.

“I’m not strong enough for that sweetie.” Kate glances up at Ariana. “What did you lift?”

“Only 10 kilos… He helped you before too?”

Kate laughs, “10 huh, that's not bad… People helped me many times. And with guys like him it’s probably not about hooking up. Look at his arms, they’re bigger than your waist. Most guys like that just want to help you get better.” Kate assures her. “I think so anyway.”

Ariana thinks Kate is naive for thinking guys are there to 'help' women.

“Come,” Kate says, done with her lunges. “Let’s go thank him.”

Ariana looks uncertain but follows Kate.

“So where’s your spotter then?” Kate smirks at the big guy.

“Hnnnng” The guy sounds as he pushes some 150 kilograms up a few times and lets the bar clunk back onto the stand. Sitting up, the guy looks at the two women. “What’s that?”

“Where is your spotter? If you don’t need one, why does she?” Kate laughs with a wink.

“She doesn’t know what she’s doing… I do.” He grunts, “But you’re right. I should have one too. I’m Rob by the way.”

Kate smiles. “I’m Kate. This is Ariana, my partner. Thanks for helping.”

“Oh right. That’s cool. Wanna do some more?”

Ariana shakes her head. “My shoulders hurt sir.”

“Should’ve used the 2 kilo weights.” He grins. “Well, nice meeting you Ariana, Kate.”

“Yeah, see you around maybe. Thanks again!” Kate says.

“See? He doesn’t care about that you’re hot as fuck.” Kate whispers as they walk away. “He just wants to help.”

“I’m sure he cares…” Ariana thinks. “So? What did you do? You’re not doing weightlifting?”

“No, today I do leg exercises.” Kate explains. “I’ll do some weightlifting another time. You should make a schedule for that too.”

“Oh, ok. Why can’t we just run around the block?”

“You can’t lift weights around the block babe, come let’s get changed. Or do you want to train some more?”

“Nuh-uh… I’m done” Ariana says.

The girls share a changing cabin where Kate wiggles out of her leggings to get changed. Ariana sits on the little bench looking at her sexy wife.

“You look nice when you’re like this.” Ariana compliments her. “Strong Kate. I like it.”

Kate smiles at her, “I’m not strong yet… But you looked tiny next to that guy…” She teases. And continues, “So? What do you think? Same time next week?”

“I don’t know… It’s very tiresome.” Ariana sighs.

“That’s the point babe. To get a workout…” Kate laughs, “Your muscles are supposed to hurt a little and you’re supposed to feel tired. That’s how you know it works.”

Kate puts on her slacks, “You’re not changing?”

“I didn’t bring anything.” Ariana says and just puts her pants back on over her gym outfit when Kate sits down to do her shoes.

Kate shakes her head. “Come here,” She beckons Ariana and embraces her.

“You hate it huh? This place?” Kate asks.

Ariana nods. “It’s cold and full of people. And I don’t know how anything works.”

Kate plants a kiss on her scalp, “Don’t worry for any of that ok? Just stick with me next time.”

Kate feels really good about herself, alive and centered. She’s going to try and turn Ariana into a gym girl, too.

#### 10 - Gym girls

Over the next few weeks Ariana and Kate go to the gym every friday afternoon. Kate’s mental health has improved notably every time they went.

Her body improved too, her arms are getting stronger and her stomach and legs are more firm. Just like she thinks it should be.

Ariana is not so dedicated, but she follows Kate’s lead and does many of the same exercises. She took a liking to rope jumping and sometimes does leg presses, and a similar exercise for her arms on a lever bench.

Mostly though she goes for a run on the treadmill or rides into oblivion on a fitness bike.

Today it seems the gym is deserted. She and Ariana are the only ones lifting weights using dumbbells and when Ariana takes a little break yet again, she sits on the floor tapping absentmindedly on her phone.

Kate struggles with 2 massive dumbbells and places them over her ankles, the hexagon shaped weights are 30 kilos each and there is no way Ariana can lift or roll them from her sitting position leaving her stuck in place. Kate could only lift them from the rack to the ground, but finds them too heavy to lift back up.

Not paying attention to what Kate is doing, Ariana doesn’t realize what’s happening until it’s too late. When her break time is over she tries to push the weight away but can’t really reach it or get any leverage. She’s stuck in place with her legs spread apart.

“Kate!!” Ariana calls out. “Help me! I’m stuck!”

Kate has wandered off to do some bench presses and is out of earshot. Intent on coming back a few minutes later, laugh at her lover and figure out Ariana’s escape then.

A nearby training coach hears Ariana’s cry for help and runs through the gym looking for who’s in trouble. “Whoa there, what happened to you?” She calls out to Ariana seeing her sit on the floor trying to push the dumbbell aside while looking frustrated.

Ariana looks startled at seeing the stranger and her face goes red. “I ehh, I think my friend did this when I was distracted.” She stammers.

The woman recognizes Ariana as the new girl and kneels next to her. “You’re not hurt?” She asks with a worried look, thinking she actually tried to lift more than her own weight.

“Nooo, I’m just stuck. Can you move them away? I can’t reach.” Ariana asks with a small voice.

The coach tries to lift the heavy weights but she’s more an instructor for the cardio machines and supplement advice, not a weightlifter and her strength proves insufficient. “I’ll get help. Be right back.” She promises Ariana.

The woman hurries to the front-desk to find someone who can help her lift the weights. Arriving, she smirks at what she found to her co-workers. “Remember that new asian girl? She managed to get her ankle stuck under the dumbbells.” She laughs, “Come see…”

“She’s stuck? Is she ok?” One of her male colleagues asks with worry.

“Oh yeah, she’s fine. No rush… She says her friend did it, but ehh. You know, I’m sure she just tried to lift 60 kilos by herself and dropped it.”

Laughter goes through the small group and they go look at poor Ariana.

Ariana lies on her back and stares at the ceiling fan above her. She’s upset with Kate. ‘So mean, and unnecessary. Not at all funny.’ She growls in her mind.

Five employees arrive at Ariana and the male trainer can’t hold his laugh, seeing Ariana splayed out on the floor looking all dramatic.

“Hey this isn’t funny mister!” She yells at him.

“It is a little…” He assures her and he and another guy lift the dumbbells off her legs.

“There you go, miss, all set.” The first woman says with a smile.

“Yea, thanks!” And she storms out of the area looking for Kate. She’ll tell her what’s up.

Kate lies on her bench panting from the heavy lifting she just did. ‘30 is still too much.’ She considers when she feels a kick to her thigh.

“Screw you Kate! What did you do that for?” Ariana attacks her.

“Oww! Hey… Oh it’s you.” Kate looks at Ariana’s angry face and can’t keep from laughing out loud. Crossing her arms on her torso she laughs until Arian slaps her arm.

“Not funny Kate! The whole staff is laughing at me!”

Kate smirks, “That’s what you get for playing with your phone for the 100th time…”

“Grrr! Can we go now? Are you done? I want to go home.”

Kate composes herself and sits up straight, “Did you finish your exercises?”

Ariana shakes her head and keeps looking upset.

Kate wraps her arm around her poor girl, “Come, let’s go to Starbucks. I owe you a donut I guess.” She laughs. “How did you get out?”

“I lifted them of-course!” Ariana claims.

“Oh…” Kate’s face turns serious all of the sudden. “Really?”

“Yeah, I’ve been training, remember…” Ariana assures her with a sly smile.

“Mmmhm,” Kate mumbles, unsure if Ariana is really that strong already. She herself sure isn’t.

When they leave the gym the staff wish them a good day and promise Ariana that one day she can lift dumbbells by herself. The others laugh.

“Hey, that's not very professional!” She calls out at them. Now feels bad for Ariana, seeing how the staff treats her.

“Sorry miss, but you should’ve seen her.” One of the instructors apologizes while sniggering.

Kate sticks out her tongue and guides Ariana out the door before more things go wrong with her joke.

“I’m sorry Ariana, I didn’t think they’d make fun of you. I was going to save you myself…”

Ariana ‘hmms’ and pokes Kate in her breast. “You owe me 2 donuts now!”

To which Kate can only agree.

#### 11 - Looking for Sheila

Ariana wants to be mummified again, but Kate refuses. She’s busy with work and wants to focus on that. If she finishes the job in time she gets double money.

Plus, she doesn’t feel like doing any such things with Ariana lately. Fearing something goes wrong.

When Ariana finishes her work soon after, she has a new idea and heads out of the house to look for Sheila. Telling Kate she’s going to buy bread.

She had finally remembered the name of the pharmacy where Sheila works. And in Maps she saw there are only 3 of them in the city with that name. It shouldn’t be too hard to find.

On her scooter she rides across the city center to the first pharmacy. The first location looks completely strange to her, so she doesn’t even go inside to see who’s there. The 2nd location looks more promising. Parking on the sidewalk she peeks through the window and sees Sheila get up from behind the counter.

Quickly straightening herself against the wall Ariana’s heart beats in her throat. Suddenly she’s very nervous. Her mind fills with doubts. What if Sheila hates her?

A few moments later the door opens and Sheila steps outside wearing her jacket. She’s heading out for lunch.

Ariana follows her at a distance on foot. Coming round the corner the street is empty save for a few cars a few blocks down. Looking confused she senses someone behind her. “Hi. You’re a lousy detective.” Sheila greets her.

“Ehh, hello!” Ariana stammers. “How, ehh… How are you?”

“Come, have lunch with me…” Sheila smiles and reaches for Ariana’s hand.

“Sure…” Ariana lost her speech. She had practiced a few things to say, but her mind is blank now.

Sheila looks very amused and grabs her hand. They walk hand in hand down the block. “Do you mind if we share? It’s cheaper that way.” She wants to know with a happy tone.

“Sure…” Ariana says again, afraid to look at Sheila. Thinking maybe this was a mistake.

The two sit at a table in a small cafe and Sheila looks curious at Ariana. Ariana stares at her hands. “So? Why are you following me?”

“I eh, Dana said you separated or something.” Ariana replies. “I was just curious how you’re doing.”

“Don’t mention Dana, not allowed.” Sheila says with a low voice.

“Oh. Ok, sorry.” Ariana finally looks up. “Why?”

“She’s a mean bitch. I left her. The end.” Sheila firmly says.

“She said you’re working something out…” Ariana continues.

“Ariana, please. Talk about anything but her.” Sheila insists.

The women sit in awkward silence looking at the menu when a waitress comes to take their orders.

“I’ll just have a, eh, a grilled cheese sandwich.” Ariana says.

"Same,” Sheila says. “So why are you really here?”

“I guess I missed you, but Kate is still upset with you guys. She doesn’t know I’m here.” Ariana admits.

Sheila frowns, “Thanks… I guess. Don’t go behind Kate’s back for me ok? What if she hates you too?”

“We got married.” Ariana smiles. “She’s stuck with me.”

“Oh? That’s good. Congratulations! You’re happy with that? Was it the right choice?” Sheila asks curiously.

“Mmhm,” Ariana confirms, “I was so relieved when Kate finally asked. But really not much changed for us… I feel like I belong to her now, for real. I like that. It’s safe I think. Kate doesn’t think she owns me like that, but she’s very protective as always… She’s so sweet.” She rambles to Sheila.

Sheila smiles and remembers Ariana’s need, or want, to submit to Kate. She never really understood it, but thinks it’s cute to have a loyal partner like that.

“You’re a lucky girl. Finding your perfect partner…” She praises Ariana.

She then tells Ariana she moved back to her old house and enjoys her garden. With her small income she still barely has any furniture. And it’s very basic. But she’s a renewed woman. Now she just needs a decent partner.

Ariana nods thoughtfully. She’s glad Sheila is alright and asks what kind of partner she wants. Sheila doesn’t really know. Maybe a confident, successful partner who knows how to make life exciting for her. Someone who doesn’t depend on her for money and stuff would for sure be nice.

“A man? Or a woman?” Ariana asks, noticing Sheila wants a partner instead of a girlfriend.

“Dunno, I never dated a man for more than one or two dates. Maybe that’s fun for a change?”

Ariana nods, but doesn’t think so. All men she ever fell in love with were assholes. Her former male coworkers were morons and even the gym staff is not really to her liking.

Then she has an idea, “How about Brad?” She thinks out loud.

“Who? Brad? Who’s that?” Sheila asks.

“Yea, he’s a blacksmith or something, he owns his own business. He’s very manly, confident and attractive.”

Sheila looks at her with a curious smile. “What would you know about that? Something you can’t tell Kate?” Thinking Ariana cheated on Kate with this guy.

“No… What? He uh, he made something for me a while ago. You should visit him.” Ariana decides.

“Oh?” Sheila is curious now. Ariana is actually recommending a guy? He must be extra special. “What’s he like?”

“He looks like a viking.” Ariana says. “Very manly. Blue eyes, light hair. And he knows exactly what he wants and likes to play games with his girlfriend, I mean, if he has one. I think he’s very fun and smart.”

Sheila ‘hmms’ thinking Vikings have ugly beards and tattoos.

“He’s not an actual viking right? Like that TV Show?”

Ariana giggles, “No, but when you see him you’ll know what I mean.” She flips through her phone looking for Brad's address.

“Here, copy this, it’s his workshop. He’s there every day I think.” Ariana shows the contact in her phone to Sheila.

“Oh, ok. I’ll think about it.” Sheila says. “Thanks.”

Their grilled cheese arrives and Ariana looks at the snotty bread with cheese leaking out on all sides. “Eww, what’s this? It doesn’t even have ham…”

Sheila looks apologetic, “It’s cheap…” She defends her restaurant choice.

Ariana looks at her and back to the sandwich, “Come let’s go for a real lunch.” She smiles. “My treat. And I’m sure that when you're with Brad you’ll never have to eat crap like this again.” She makes it sound like it’s a done deal already.

Sheila feels poor and awkward but follows Ariana outside. Ariana doesn’t even think to pay for their order.

“Where to then?” Sheila asks.

“Ehh, dunno, just pick a nice place.” Ariana says.

“We can share a pizza if you like.” Sheila suggests. “There’s an italian around the corner.”

“Sure…”

They head to the pizza restaurant which Ariana finds acceptable. Sheila enjoys the best Hawaiian pizza she’s had in months.

The two chitchat for a while longer and they add each other on Telegram. Ariana tells a bit more about Brad, but also realizes she really doesn’t know much about him.

She got so caught up in his games and flirtiness she never even asked for his last name, age, hobbies or if he has a nice house or anything really. All she cared for at the time was shallow chat and getting her collar and him restraining her in his workshop.

Still, she’s convinced Brad is a good match for Sheila, somehow, and she makes Sheila promise to go see him soon.

Sheila returns fashionably late to work and Ariana goes home, forgetting to buy bread.

Kate doesn’t really seem to notice Ariana spent the last 3 hours buying bread but not bringing anything home. She sits on the balcony staring in the distance.

She failed her deadline and what’s worse, the company who posted the job refused to pay anything at all, giving her a bad rating instead.

“That’s what you get for embarrassing your wife in the gym.” Ariana teases Kate and sticks her tongue out at her.

Kate scowls at her but says nothing. She’s not in the mood for witty jokes.

#### 12 - Meeting the blacksmith

Sheila is happy that Ariana didn’t forget about her and sought her out. She has few friends and had always liked Ariana, so it was good to reconnect. She’s less sure about this Brad guy. She knows Ariana is a terrible judge with men. And the only saving grace is that she doesn’t seem to hate Brad. After 2 days her curiosity wins and she rides her bicycle to Brad’s workshop during her lunch break. Arriving at the location Ariana gave her, she hears a hammer hitting steel.

Shyly standing in the door she sees the back of a large man hammering glowing iron on an anvil. When he’s done and turns to her to put the iron piece in water she sees an attractive guy in his 30’s and her knees go weak.

‘Oh fucking hell, he’s hot.’ She thinks while leaning on the doorframe for support.

“Hey, you’re alright?” She hears the manly voice of Brad. “Come, take a seat.” He guides her to the same stool Ariana had sat on years before.

Sheila lets him lead her into his domain and sinks down to sit where he indicates without checking if there is actually a seat.

“Well then, what can I do for you?” He asks her. His blue eyes piercing into her.

“I, ehh, I don’t know.” Sheila stammers.

“Uhm ok? But you’re here to place an order I presume? What do you need? Something to repair?” He tries a different avenue.

“Ariana said to visit you.” Sheila manages.

“Who?” Brad asks curiously.

“You made something for her a while ago.”

“Eh, ok. And you want the same thing? Or what?” His patience wears a bit thin.

“No, well… I’m Sheila by-the-way. Ariana said I should go meet you. I’m single. And she said you’re a good man.”

“Oh…” Brad sounds a bit less confident now. “But I don’t know any Ariana, I’m pretty sure. My name is Brad, I’m the owner.” He looks curious at Sheila. “Are you sure you’re ok?”

“Yes, just give me a minute.” Sheila says.

“Right, well. I have work to do. So if there is nothing else…” He gestures at his workbench.

“Yes yes, don’t mind me. I’m sorry.”

‘What a weirdo.’ He thinks and turns around, continuing with his work. He finishes a couple of door hinges. And when he needs the anvil again Sheila is in the way.

“Ehh, Sheila is it?” He starts, “I need the space.”

“Oh, yes sorry…” She jumps up and steps aside.

Brad grunts and groans as he bends a heated rod around the tip of the anvil, hammering the loop closed and sticks it in a bucket of water.

“So eh, why are you here again?” He tries again to get Sheila to talk.

“I guess I’m here for you.” Sheila says. “Ariana…”

“Look, I don’t know anyone by that name." Brad interrupts her. "You have to be more specific.”

“Oh, ehh…” Sheila pulls out her phone and looks for Ariana’s telegram picture, showing it to Brad. “Her” She simply says.

“Oh… her” Brad falls silent. “And why did she send you?” Obvious suspicion in his voice.

“She’s convinced we will like each other. And ehh…” Sheila hesitates. “She might be right.”

“So you’re not here to fuck around and accuse me of anything?” Brad suspiciously asks.

“No, why?” Sheila wants to know. “Look, I know this is strange. I’ve never approached someone like this or at all really. I’ve been single for a while. Never met a man. And Ariana recommended you. That’s all.” She finally explains herself.

“That’s… all…” Brad slowly repeats. “What makes you think I’d be interested in any of that?” He then asks.

“Nothing, I have no idea who you are. But…” Sheila hesitates again. Realizing how stupid this situation is, “Nevermind. I’m sorry. I’ll leave.” And she starts to turn.

“Hold on a minute.” Brad grabs her arm to stop her and Sheila lets out a soft moan. “Oh, it’s like that huh?” Brad smirks. “Smitten much?”

Sheila nods.

“How old are you?” He asks.

“24”

“Never met a man?”

“Never.”

“How come?”

“I… I lived with a woman. We broke up last year.”

“What do you want?”

“You…” They make eye contact and Sheila again loses herself in his stare.

“Are you sane? Mentally fit?”

“I think so…”

Brad 'hmms’ and considers the situation. Clearly she’s nervous and attracted to him. Maybe a bit desperate? She obviously has no idea what to expect since Ariana couldn’t have told her much. If he learned anything from Ariana, Sheila is not much of a strong willed person either. But he is curious.

“Let’s have a drink.” He finally says. “Do this properly. Beer is fine?”

Sheila looks relieved and nods.

“Grab some will you? There’s a fridge around the door there.” Brad tells her.

“Uhm, ok…” Sheila finds her way through the indicated door, into a small office, and sees a mini-fridge filled with coca cola and beer.

Brad looks after her and admires her as she moves through his workspace. Where Ariana has mastered the cute innocent asian look. Sheila exudes a mature sexiness he finds quite attractive. She walks like she belongs here. Unlike Ariana who seemed lost all the time.

He smiles approvingly.

Seeing her come back with a can of beer and a coca cola he gestures to the outside door and steps through it. Outside is a little sitting area made from old crates and a cable spool as a table. ‘Oh so comfortable and romantic.’ He smirks at himself.

Sheila follows him and sits down without waiting for Brad. Something that doesn’t go unnoticed. ‘Good’ he thinks. He joins her, sitting on another crate where Sheila has placed his beer. “Hello, I’m Brad. Blacksmith and business owner.” He introduces himself again.

“Hi, I’m Sheila. I’m a cashier.” She replies with a sweet smile.

The talking goes much easier this time and Brad really likes this young lady.

Sheila is completely infatuated with Brad and his piercing blue eyes. She knows exactly what Ariana had meant when she said he’s a viking. She forgets she’s on lunch break and when her phone rings around 2PM she hastily breaks off her chat with Brad to get back to work.

Brad laughs at her and tells her she’s welcome any time. Giving her his phone number and Telegram username.

Back at the Pharmacy her boss chews her a new one for her tardiness, but she doesn’t really care. Her mind is on Brad.

Likewise Brad is distracted with the new girl and screws up his final order for the day by welding attachment points upside down on a machine. Brad doesn’t really mind at first. But when neither his saw or angle grinder can reach to cut the parts loose he grumbles at his stupidity.

Late in the afternoon Sheila visits Brad again, she rushes back to him after work and catches him repairing some ugly scratches and cuts in a machine frame. It looks like someone cut off a piece from it. He quickly looks over his shoulder to see who it is and smiles broadly.

“Hey you!” he shouts over the noise he’s making.

Sheila looks at what he’s doing for a minute but soon finds herself helping him out a little. First she sweeps the floor and wipes what she thinks is his main workbench. Going through the space she arranges things the way she thinks they should be.

Brad notices and stops his work. “What are you doing?” He laughs at her.

“It’s late, don’t you want to go home soon? I’m just cleaning up a bit.” Sheila responds without looking up.

“Uhh, yea… Ok? Thanks!” Says a surprised Brad. ‘She’s amazing.’ He thinks simultaneously. “Let’s go for dinner then? I just need 20 more minutes.”

“Ok!” Sheila smiles.

#### 13 - Sheila’s excellent date

This time they go on a proper date into the city. He takes her to dinner in a simple but stylish restaurant. They have fun eating ice cream afterwards and soon after they end up at her house.

“Whoa, nice neighborhood. I didn’t even know this place existed so close to the city center.” Brad approves of her living location.

“Yea it’s nice and quiet… But I’m only a simple woman ok? Don’t expect too much from my place.” She warns him as they rise up the few steps to her front door.

Brad doesn’t care as long as she has a nice tv and couch or something they can relax on and perhaps watch a movie.

No such luck though.

He stands in the nearly empty living room looking around. It’s a nice place, but there is almost no furniture. “So uh, where’s your couch? And no TV?”

“Sorry… I can’t afford it.” She apologizes, “I told you to not expect much.”

“Yea that’s fine. So uh, where do you relax? Just in that?” He points at an old armchair.

“Or in the garden, I have a garden set.” Sheila points at the door. “I’ll get changed, ok?”

“Oh right, yes of-course. Mind if I look around?” He asks.

“Yes sure, just don’t open any drawers or stuff like that.”

‘What drawers…’ He thinks. Not seeing any cabinets or closets. Walking past her bedroom he sees a mattress on the floor and a load of clothes piled up in the corner. Some clothing items are hanging on a cord stretched across the room. ‘Geez…’ He thinks. A sparsely set up kitchen and finally the garden door.

Sheila has a spacious garden. Some of the grass is roughly cut and more to the back it’s knee high. A decent garden set sits on a raised wooden floor that stretches the width of the house. ‘Nice.’ He thinks.

Sheila sneaks up behind him in comfortable cotton pants and a loose top, grabbing him around the waist. “What a dump huh…”

“The garden? No, it's fine. I never have time to do mine either though.” He sniggers, trying to hide his disappointment.

“I mean inside. I really have no money for anything.” Sheila explains looking sad.

“Oh, about that. I don’t really care for money. As long as you’re happy, right? But I have to admit I kinda expected you to have furniture…”

Sheila ‘hmms’. Raising onto her tiptoes and kisses him on his neck from behind.

He reaches behind himself and grabs her hand. Not sure what to do. Without a couch to lounge on and it being too cold outside to sit in the garden there really is no place to sit.

“So…” He starts to say.

“Come,” Sheila guides him to the armchair and parks him on it. “Wait.” She tells him.

Coming back from the kitchen with 2 beers she sits on his lap.

The two look at each other and burst out in a laugh. “Hey we can also just go to my place if you want this to continue in more comfort.” He casually offers.

“Yea, no, here is fine for now.” Sheila thinks. “Unless you really want to go…” She stares in his blue eyes, losing herself again.

Brad puts his beer down unopened and grabs her neck, pulling her closer for a kiss.

Sheila drops her beer to the floor and greedily accepts his advance. She wants all of him, today, now. Mid-kiss, Brad scoops her up and walks her to the bedroom.

Desire overtaking his reservations. He can’t stand this nervous flirty dance they’ve been doing any longer.

“Brad!” She gasps, “Please be gentle…”

He doesn’t answer but instead works his hand in her pants feeling around her ass. His other hand roams around her face and neck.

Sheila is plucking at his shirt and he throws it aside, revealing his muscular chest. He fidgets with his belt buckle and undoes his pants. Sliding her pants down as well in one fell swoop.

Poking at her crotch with his massive boner and thrusts in a second later.

“Oh fuuuuuck!” Sheila grimaces at the intrusion. “Not so rough, hey…” She gasps.

Brad slows down and wraps an arm around her to get more leverage and slowly goes in balls deep with a groan.

Sheila’s head spins from the intensity with which Brad takes her. His firm thrusts push her into the mattress and he grunts in tune with her gasps.

She reaches for his arms but he denies her and holds her wrists together above her head while he stares into her eyes with his piercing look. A faint smile on his face as he ravages her pussy with all his might.

He pumps deep into her and looks at her grimacing face alternating in discomfort and elated excitement.

Sheila goes quiet after a few more moments and just grunts when he thrusts in.

“A…Are you, birth, control?” He gasps between thrusts.

Sheila doesn’t really get what he’s asking, she’s busy with her building orgasm and can’t think straight.

Not taking the risk Brad pulls out just seconds before Sheila has her orgasm. He squirts his load over her torso and face with a loud, “Oww fuck, fucking yea!” Relief showing on his face.

Coming to his senses he looks at Sheila and smiles at her surprised face.

She’s caught off-guard at the amount of sperm.

“Damn that was good.” He manages to say in the most unromantic way possible.

They lie next to each other for a few moments when Sheila gets up to wash herself. She scurries to the bathroom feeling sticky and unfulfilled. ‘If only he’d continued a little while longer.’ She thinks. In the shower she quickly fingers herself and finishes herself off with a silent moan on shaky legs.

Just as she regains her composure Brad steps in under the hot water and replaces her hand with his. Continuing to masturbate her. “You didn’t orgasm?” He asks with curious worry.

Sheila shakes her head, “No. Well, just now.”

He kisses her on her neck and continues rubbing her. “Want another one? Or two…?” He whispers at her. His erection is growing again and pushes against her back.

She shakes her head. Feeling sore and tired. “Maybe later…”

#### 14 - Lunch Date

Ariana sits across the table from Sheila poking at her pancakes. ‘No amount of syrup can fix these dry things. Yuk!’ She thinks.

Sheila likes her sandwich, but she is distracted. She’s thinking about Brad and what they’d done over the last 3 days. He made love to her 2 more times that first night. Each time he took great care to make sure she had a good time too.

The next evening they went to his house and he had talked her into playing a game of chess with him. A game he likes. She didn’t know how to play chess, nor did she really care for it. So of-course she lost very quickly much to his amusement. After watching a movie they had made love all night again.

Last night she refused to have sex, telling him he needs to slow down. Instead they watched movies and talked all evening before he brought her home this morning.

Sheila feels sore and worn out.

“Hey,” Ariana waves her hand in front of Sheila’s face. “Are you ok?”

“Yea I’m fine.” She replies with a dreamy voice.

“So did you go see Brad? What did he say? Do you like him?”

“I did. He’s amazing.” Is all Sheila can muster at first. “He’s so big… eh, I know what you mean with the viking thing.”

Ariana smiles thinking, mission accomplished. “So you’re going to see him again? Does he like you?”

“Yea I think so. We went for dinner and to my place…” Sheila’s voice trails off lost in thought.

“Hah, I knew it. You’re in love!” Ariana calls her out.

“Yea, no… His eyes are mesmerizing. And he’s very well muscled.”

“Yeap. You want hiihim!” Ariana teases her and laughs.

‘If only you knew…’ Sheila thinks, “I’ll meet him again soon, see what’s what.” She downplays her budding love affair, and changes the subject.

The two talk about Kate and them going to the gym and things they did recently. Sheila is back at work on time today.

She visits Brad every day and every time they learn more about each other. He had discovered that she has some experience with bondage and told her he likes that too, specifically steel bondage.

Sheila learns that he does medieval cosplay. Going to fairs and events and such dressed up as a knight. He made a sword for himself and jokes he should chain her up and take her along some time.

She thinks his work is interesting and when he mentions he sucks at accounting and invoicing and things like that she offers to help him out.

3 weeks later Sheila hasn’t been home for almost a week only stopping by to change clothes, she ignores her actual job and helps Brad in his workshop. Talking with customers and attempting to figure out his messy administration. Her boss had more-or-less suspended her this morning when she was a no-show again, telling her to come back next week and to get her schedule in order.

Brad shakes his head at hearing this but says nothing for now. He enjoys her company too much.

The night before she had told him all about Dana, her friendship with Ariana, all the bad things she did. Her giving up on school and how she wastes her life away at the pharmacy. Not considering for a second if she can trust him with her stories. She feels he’ll want her anyway.

Brad listens fascinated and hopes she exaggerates a fair bit. But at the same time doesn’t really care if it's bad or not. He can’t imagine her being an actual bad person, writing it off as bad decisions that she then learned from.

In return, Brad has told her about his passion for his work. He hinted at steel bondage and some of his special clients who buy custom bondage items. And told about his experience with ‘special customer’ Ariana and how crazy she was. And finally about his partner before that, who wasn’t into kinky sex at all and broke up with him after they tried a few things in his workshop.

Then comes the big question, he’d been thinking about it all day.

“Sheila, darling. I think we get along well. Right?” He asks her with a knot in his stomach.

“Uh-huh… You’re quite the man.” She acknowledges.

In fact, she’s in awe of his appearance. His presence and vigor are intoxicating. She likes everything about him.

He smiles, “Thanks. So uh, I’ve been thinking. You seem comfortable around my place. Maybe you like to work here instead of at that pharmacy?”

“What, like making iron and stuff?” She laughs.

“Well, maybe smithing. But I mean more as a sort of administrator to do the invoices and the phone and things like that. Probably a bit of everything.” He smirks, realizing he didn’t think this through.

“Oh…” Sheila nods. “Yeah, how does that work? Like a real job with a salary?”

“Yes of-course… I mean, the business isn’t that big. But I can probably afford it? And with your help I can take on more work.” He sounds hopeful. “Plus it’ll be fun, we can spend the whole day together.”

Sheila sits dumbfounded.

“Well? What do you think?” He asks, looking into her eyes.

“I’ll make you a deal,” Sheila says. “How about you give me room and board plus, eh, pocket money. I guess. And I’ll do your bidding in whichever way you please.”

Brad laughs. “Careful what you wish for there… What does that mean anyway?”

“Just how it sounds, just be nice to me.” Sheila assures him.

“Sooooo, let’s see. Whichever way I desire?” He leans on his hand with his chin as if deep in thought.

“Yeah!” Sheila boldly confirms.

“I could tell you to clean the windows?”

“Yes.”

“I could tell you to sort out the screws and bolts?”

“I guess.”

“Or to clean up the administration?

“Sure…”

“Do the taxes and boring crap like that?”

“Uh-huh!”

“Make you my captive and go to the castle fair together?”

“Ehh…” She hesitates.

Brad smiles, “Whichever way I desire, right?”

“Yea, but I meant for work.” Sheila weakly argues.

“Oh work only. Then ehh, I can put you in shackles or something so I can look at you for work inspiration?

“Brad… Please.” Sheila sounds a lot less confident now.

“Hmmhmm I see.” Brad hums in mock disappointment. “With such limitations I have to consider your ‘deal’ carefully. If it’s just for work, I’d have to give up my spare room, too.”

Sheila looks sad at him. “Really? I thought you were serious about the job.”

“We’ll see,” he teases her with a wink.

“Fine, fine…” She gives in. “You can do what you want. Put me in cuffs and I’ll go to the castle thing with you.”

Brad laughs, feigning relief. “We’ll do a trial today and I’ll let you know if you pass. Ok? Do you trust me?”

“Eh, yea… I trust you.” Sheila says suddenly unsure of herself.

“Alright then. Follow me.”

5 minutes later Sheila sits in a steel cradle hanging from his crane some 4 meters in the air. She’s not restrained in any way. And if she really wants to she can climb up via one of the chains onto the crane boom and escape.

Brad had told her the big test is if she can patiently wait for him. He’d kissed her and raised her up and left the room, turning off the lights.

Sheila isn’t sure about what’s happening. Her happy-go-lucky attitude quickly turns into doubts. Doubts if Brad really is testing her, or if he’s up to something more sinister.

20 minutes later the lights click on and Brad walks in. “Hey girlie. How long have you been up there?”

“I dunno, hours…” Sheila calls back.

“Hmm, hmm. That must be boring…” He laughs.

“I much rather do your books or sweep the floor, yes.” Sheila confirms.

“Right you are.” And he grabs the remote to lower her down.

“I’m just joking darling.” He helps her out of the metal box. “Come, I've prepared something for you. Time to get serious.” He smiles at her.

Sheila follows him curiously.

In his office on the desk are a few documents. “Here, take a seat.” He points at the chair in front of the papers and sits across the desk where customers usually sit.

“These are your contracts, should you accept it.” He gestures at the documents. “The one on the left is for what I offered you - A job here to handle the paperwork and shop assistant. I think the salary is fairly competitive. And we can continue as we do now. Go on dates, fall in love and see what happens…”

Sheila looks at the paper.

“The other one,” Brad continues, “Is the deal you proposed and how I see it. Room and board and a job.”

Sheila grabs a pen and moves to her deal to sign it.

“Read it Sheila. I want you to think about it.”

“Why? I know I want to be with you. What mor…”

He interupts her. “It’s a big decision darling. And I want you to come live with me. But you have to think about it.”

“I know what I want… If that comes with some cosplay, so be it.” She mutters. She’s never been more sure about anything than this.

“Ok, fine, so sign your life away then.” Brad resigns.

This has her pause, ‘sign my life away?’ And she reads the contract more carefully. It’s a simple document really. Only one page. There is no heading on it. No dates. It doesn’t look at all official, nothing like what she signed for her current job.

It outlines her duties for work. Primarily to do admin work and talk to customers, handle warehouse stock and things like that. When required Brad can ask her to help in the workshop as his assistant. The room and board part is much more interesting to her. In effect she rents part of his bedroom and access to his bathroom and other common rooms and that’s about it. No salary though…

Basically she’s moving in as his girlfriend. Surely a formality she thinks.

There is also no mention of any bondage, cosplay or medieval fairs.

“That’s it? No tricks?” She asks.

“Yep!” He smiles at her. “Oh one more thing…”

“Yes?”

He grabs her hand across the desk and stares deep into her soul, “While I don’t mind free labor. I’d really like it if you read and choose the other offer. Take the job and move in with me and be my partner. Maybe it's a bit rushed, but I have a feeling we’ll be fine. And if it truly works out, say after a year or two-three, we could take it further and actually share the business as partners.”

He smiles at her confused look, “I have a good feeling about this Sheila. You’re fun, smart, pretty. I think you like it here, this kind of work. I never met anyone like that. I love you… I really think I do.”

#### 15 - Kate gets upset

Ariana has been gone all afternoon again. Kate misses her girl and is worried about her. When Ariana comes home she actually thought to buy the thing she said she was going to buy, a bag of apples. But Kate doesn’t buy it. “Hey babe, where have you been?”

Ariana holds up the bag, “I got us some apples. I’m going to make, ehh, apple pie.”

“And that took you 4 hours? You didn’t even have lunch.”

Ariana looks guilty but says nothing and puts the apples away. She feels bad for lying to Kate, but doesn’t want to upset her by telling her she’s been having lunch with Sheila every week or so for the past month.

Maybe she shouldn’t, and just chat to Sheila from now on. ‘That’ll work’ She decides. And Kate never has to know. Feeling clever she starts looking up apple pie recipes. She wasn’t planning on making pie but now that she mentioned it… Kate will be expecting one.

The next day it’s gym day and the couple gets ready. Ariana started matching Kate’s outfit recently. A black pair of leggings, and a tank top or t-shirt. No more bodysuits in public. People were laughing at her.

It’s very busy at the gym and the girls get on the last 2 treadmills. Ariana can run much further already, almost matching Kate’s 5 kilometers.

Her butt and legs have firmed up quite a bit, and what little stomach fat she had is all gone. Kate is secretly jealous of her wifes small waist, round butt and firm legs thinking she can never match Ariana.

Of-course she doesn’t consider they are of a different physique and Kate has just as shapely legs herself. She’s just bigger and taller.

Catching their breath after a 5 kilometer run the two are approached by a guy. He had been checking out women for a while and decided they’re the hottest girls here today. Now it’s time to strike… He doesn’t really care who they are as long as he gets their phone numbers and can hook up with whoever answers first. Or both, whatever.

“Hey there girls. Nice moves… I couldn’t help but stare at you just now.” He throws his lame pickup line out there.

“Thanks,” Kate says and focuses on her breathing again. Standing bent over, leaning on her knees with her hands.

Ariana sticks up her hand as a sort of greeting but otherwise does not respond.

“Come, time for the next exercise.” Kate says to Ariana with a smirk. They walk away from the guy to another area to do pull ups on a standing rack.

The guy follows them and watches Kate do 10 pull ups and fail her eleventh. She then switches with Ariana who can only do 4 unassisted. Kate grabs her around her legs and helps her up for a 5th attempt. Gently rubbing her nose over Ariana’s crotch.

“That’s cheating…” The guy comments. “Hey, what are your names?”

Kate looks at the guy, “I’m ‘No thanks’, and she’s ‘Bye’.” She introduces herself and Ariana.

Ariana laughs and tries a 6th pull up, Kate lifts her even higher this time.

"Bye? That's Chinese?" He naively says, thinking Kate meant something like 'Bai' or 'Bei'.

"No it means we're not interested." Kate answers curtly. And to Ariana, “Hold there!” She encourages her and lets go of Ariana’s legs stepping back.

Ariana struggles with quivering arms for a second and drops down. Gasping from the effort.

The guy feels they’re not taking him seriously, but doesn’t give up yet. He writes his phone number on a piece of paper and hands it to Kate. “Call me babe, soon?” He winks at her. “I’ll show you how to do real pull ups.”

“Sure thing dude…” Kate grumbles and rolls her eyes at Ariana behind his back. “Hey, wanna do something fun?” She beckons Ariana closer for a hug.

“Yeah?” Ariana says.

“Let’s find the toughest, most bitchy woman in here and give her ‘your’ phone number.” Kate sniggers handing Ariana the piece of paper.

They look around and see a few butch looking women throwing ropes around in the crossfit area. Ariana immediately chickens out thinking they’ll know it's a trick. Instead she draws a heart around the phone number with a pen and mimics the blocky handwriting, adding ‘Call me!’ And leaves the number on a nearby bench.

Kate laughs her approval and motions to sit so they can watch who comes and find the slip of paper. Ariana leans into Kate and pulls up her legs while she plays with her Phone and Kate holds on to Ariana like she’s a teddy bear. One arm around her upper torso and with her other hand she plays with Ariana’s hair, twirling it around her finger.

“What are you doing? A new game?” Kate wonders, looking at the chaos on Ariana’s screen.

“No, it’s just a stupid clicker game to breed chickens over and over again.” Ariana explains, tapping furiously.

“Oh right…” Kate frowns. She rarely plays games on her phone.

“I’ve been playing it on and off for years. I never saw the end of it yet.” Ariana says with a focussed look.

After a few minutes a friendly looking man they sometimes say ‘hi’ to picks up the slip of paper, smiles and types something in his phone. He drops the piece of paper and walks away.

They think he’s gay because his mannerisms are very feminine and the way he greets them is just not very manly, they think. Always calling out ‘hiiyahhh’ when they greet each other.

A little while later an overweight but muscular girl finds the note and sticks it in her pocket with a grin. Kate and Ariana had watched her a few times when she did some heavy lifting. She can easily pick up 50 kilos from the ground and hold the bar above her head. Kate thinks she’s really tough and strong.

“Well, that’s that…” Kate smirks. “Shall we go home?”

Ariana nods and fantasizes about the guy hooking up with Mr Hiyahh.

They ride home on the scooter with Kate sitting on the back, they’re cheating the law since Kate after all these years still doesn't have a helmet.

At a crossing a familiar looking woman waves at them enthusiastically but Ariana just beeps her horn and keeps on going.

“Wasn’t that Sheila?” Kate yells in her ear.

“Dunno…” Ariana yells back over the noise.

“I think it was. She looks happy.” Kate grumbles.

Sheila’s happiness displeases Kate immensely, she wishes her and Dana nothing but misfortune.

Ariana smiles.

“What are you smiling at?” Kate yells.

“It’s good to see her happy.”

Kate painfully squeezes Ariana’s shoulder.

Ariana swerves and shouts, “Hey ouch, careful. What’s that for?”

“There’s nothing good about her happiness, fuck her…” Kate replies upset.

“Oh don’t be so hateful Kate. It’s been almost 2 years. Forget her if you hate her so much.” Ariana yells over her shoulder as she steers the scooter into the parking garage of their building.

The women argue about Sheila all the way through the building and into their living room on the 12th floor. With Kate finally slamming the door to their home office shut, abandoning Ariana in the living room.

Kate thinks she knows that Ariana has been up to lately. She has been meeting with Sheila on her ‘grocery trips’ while being unreachable all afternoon. She feels betrayed and angry.

Ariana stares at the door for a moment and goes to watch TV but can’t really focus on it, she hates to see Kate upset. But she really doesn’t think Kate should still be this angry.

When MasterChef ends and the contestants have finished cooking their unnecessary complicated dish, Ariana listens at the office door but hears nothing. From the Kitchen she grabs a bottle of wine and 2 glasses and quietly enters their work room.

Kate sits in her chair with her arms crossed on the desk, her head dropped on top. She’s staring out of the window with teary eyes.

Setting the bottle in front of Kate’s face Ariana drapes herself over Kate’s back, wrapping her arms around her lover.

“Don’t hate me Kate, I’m sorry ok?” Ariana apologizes.

“I don’t hate you babe, I can’t.” Kate mumbles into her elbow. “I hate that.”

Ariana smirks, “Don’t hate your inability to hate me, Hm?”

“Oh shut up…” Kate grumbles. “You know what I mean.”

“Ofcourse, it means I can do whatever I want. I can kiss every girl in the whole city and you’ll still love me.” Ariana smiles.

Kate looks up disturbed, “Don’t you dare…”

Ariana sighs. “Of Course not silly. Come, cheer up. I brought wine.”

“Mmhm, extra full.”

Ariana sits next to Kate and pours an extra full glass for Kate and a regular one for herself.

“Tell me everything.” Kate demands quietly.

Ariana looks at her with curious eyes. “Not much to tell, Dana talked to me in the elevator a while ago and said Sheila ran off last year. And then I got curious about what happened to her so I looked for her at her pharmacy.”

“And?”

“She still works there and she broke up with Dana, we talked about that and how poor she is and we’ve been catching up a few times. She wants a boyfriend and really hates Dana. That’s it really.” Ariana explains.

“Why did she run away?” Kate wants to know.

“I didn’t feel comfortable at all being near her, Dana has really bad energy. I’m sure Sheila feels the same way. She was really mean to Sheila, too.” Ariana stops talking and finishes her wine.

“Oh…” Kate stares out the window. “I can’t stand it if you go behind my back and do things without me…” She finally says feeling stupid for even saying that out loud.

“Jealous much?” Ariana pokes Kate in her arm.

“No, maybe, I don’t know. It’s just weird. You’re always home, so it’s strange.”

“So join me then, next time. Talk to her. She’s actually really nice.” Ariana invites Kate.

“It feels like I’m less relevant to you if you have friends or things to do without me.” Kate keeps talking, she’s sounding very worried now.

“But… Kate… No… It’s not like that at all.” Ariana defends herself. “Don’t think that.”

“Ever since I came to your house to check on you we’ve been together. We’re inseparable, and now this, and with Sheila? I hate it.” Kate finishes.

“Being with you and following your lead is the only thing that makes sense to me.” Ariana strokes Kate’s hair and face. “Tell me. What do I do to make you feel better?” She then asks. “You’ve been depressed for weeks. What do you need to be happy?”

“Tell me how you need me babe.” Kate whispers.

“Kaahaate, come ooon…” Ariana whines frustrated. “If you don’t know by now that I need you for everything and forever… Geez.”

Ariana shrugs, “I don’t know what to do baby. I’m always here for you, you know that. I always listen to you, help you, I cook for you, I wash your clothes. I’ll always love you. You’re my center point in my life. My hero. What more do you want? That I stay inside for the rest of my life and never talk to anyone?”

Kate looks at her with big eyes, “Oh babe, I’m such a fucking idiot…”

Ariana shakes her head no.

“… Yes, you’re so very right. I’m a selfish bitch.”

Ariana thinks about that for a moment but doesn’t really know what to say to that. Kate is not selfish or a bitch, she thinks. Instead she leans in and kisses Kate on her cheek. "I'll love you anyway…" She promises.

Kate sighs feeling completely inadequate for Ariana, her frustrations seem so unimportant after what Ariana just said.

“Maybe I should be upset with myself, not with you…” Kate sighs out loud.

“Come Kate, let’s watch TV and order pizza.” Ariana suggests, ignoring Kate’s woes. “Let’s be happy together and forget all this.”

“Yes, let's.” Kate gets up and towers over Ariana, “Come babe.” She beckons Ariana to come close and when she does Kate swoops her lover off her feet, carrying her to the living room.

“Don’t you worry about a thing ok? I’m so very sorry.” Kate profusely apologizes. “Pick any movie, I’ll get something to eat.” Kate assures her.
