---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Bound to Please
authors:
- Martina Lee
tags:
- F/m
- bond
- oral
- tease
- cons
- X
---

This story is from my erotic fantasy series Oh, Susana! You can
find the entire series in the alt-sex-stories-moderated archive maintained
by Eli the Bearded (blessed be his name). Enter the archive at <http://www.qz.to/erotica/assm/Year99/jan.html>
and scroll down to Thursday Jan 21. Feel free to email your comments. Martina
Lee aka susana [susanasue@hotmail.com](mailto:susanasue@hotmail.com)

Peter groaned. His buttocks contracted and he
arched his back, lifting his pelvis off the bed in a futile attempt to
reach Susana's mouth, hanging teasingly just a centimetre or so above the
tip of his straining cock. Her left hand circled the base of his tool,
squeezing lightly in a rhythm that matched the slow passage of her tongue
in and out between her parted lips.

There was a bead of wetness at the tip of his
cock. Susana dipped and gently licked it up, then dipped a little further
and slid her lips down over the silky-smooth head of his dick. It jerked
as a spasm of sweet frustration ran through him, and he tried again to
force himself upwards further into her mouth. But she rose with him, her
lips tight behind the roll of flesh at the head of his penis.

Inside her warm, wet mouth, her tongue tickled
at the sensitive underside of his glans and teased at the opening. He groaned
again, and she took brief pity on him, rolling forward on her knees and
inching her mouth down his tortured shaft until her lips touched her encircling
fingers.
Then she was rising away from him again, suction
dragging the skin of his cock upwards and her tongue stabbing at the fleshy
channel on its underside. He rose with her as far as he could, then dropped
back to the bed and his cock flopped against his belly as it slipped free
of her mouth. Susana laughed wickedly, rose up on her knees and arched
her back as she jutted her pubes towards him. "Want this?" she whispered,
and dropped her hand between her legs.

He watched, fascinated, straining at his bonds,
as her fingers busied themselves with her pussy, parting, stroking, rubbing,
dipping deep into her cunt and emerging shining with wetness. She leaned
forward, brushed his lips with her dripping fingers. The feel was slightly
oily, the odor slightly of mushrooms, and he parted his lips and sucked
the juice from first one finger and then another. Susana's other hand trailed
up the inside of his thigh and wrapped itself around his prick, began to
milk it slowly. Peter's consciousness split itself into two parts, half
centred on the fingers in his mouth, half contemplating the still-mounting
excitement in his groin as Susana tugged and squeezed his throbbing erection.

Then the fingers in his mouth were forgotten,
and he was suddenly nothing more than a giant cock, aching with the anticipation
of impending orgasm. Dimly, through a red fog of passion, he heard Susana
muttering. "Come now," she was saying. "Come. Come. Come now."

It had been an amazing evening. Susana was in
an astonishingly provocative mood, teasing at every opportunity and keeping
him in an almost fearful state of sexual excitement. It began when she
picked him up from the office.

"You drive," she said, and waited for him to
open the passenger-side door for her. She was wearing the black off-the-shoulder
blouse she had on the night he first saw her, and she tugged it lower as
she settled into the seat beside him. He tore his eyes from the smooth
brown roundness of her shoulders, started the car and swung out on to the
highway.

Susana tiptoed her hand across the gap between
the seats and squeezed the inside of his thigh, then slipped it higher.
She nudged lightly with the back of her hand, turned it over and scratched
gently at his fly.

"Naughty," she said as his cock stirred and stiffened.
She flattened her hand against the front of his trousers, worked it down
to cup his balls, and squeezed softly. "You want to be sucked?" she asked.
"You want me to tie you up and suck all of the juice out of you?"

His swelling cock, bent almost double inside
his pants, struggled to find a way to stand erect. He dropped a hand from
the wheel to his crotch, eased her hand out of the way, and adjusted himself.
Susana laughed, put both her hands in her lap and sat demurely the rest
of the way to the restaurant.

Halfway through the meal she excused herself.
"I have to mimi," she said, like a little girl. When she came back, she
kissed him lightly on the cheek, pressed something soft into his hand and
closed his fingers over it as she sat down.

"Put that in your pocket," she said, and grinned.
"Don't wave it around." He placed his hand in his lap, opened his fingers,
looked down at black lace. Her panties. Sweating, he balled the flimsy
fabric and stuffed it in his pocket.

Later, when it was his turn to visit the loo,
he locked himself in a stall and pulled the lacy garment from his pocket.
"This is crazy," he thought, the blood pounding in his temples and his
chest tight with a hot, stuffy feeling he had not had since he lost his
virginity to his eighth-grade English teacher.

"I must be going out of my mind." But he held
the panties to his nose and sniffed. Susana's perfume, and a lingering
musky scent that certainly wasn't perfume but just as certainly WAS Susana,
flooded into his nostrils and imprinted themselves on his brain. Quickly,
guiltily, he stuffed the panties back in his pocket, then remembered that
he was supposed to be taking a leak.

He unzipped his fly, found that taking a leak
wasn't easy with half an erection, and had to wait until it subsided. His
face was still flushed when he got back to the table, and Susana leered
knowingly at him. She leaned across the table, caressed the back of his
hand with a fingertip, mouthed a silent message at him: "Want to be sucked?"

As he drove them back to his flat, she hitched
her skirt up, spread her legs and half-reclined her seat. She took his
left hand off the wheel and placed it between her legs. The inside of her
thighs was smooth, cool, dry, but higher up there was warmth and wetness.
She held his fingers, guiding them up and down the slippery canyon of her
crack, pressing down on the back of his hand to force his middle finger
deep inside her sopping cunt. When he decided he needed his hand for the business of driving, she reluctantly let it go.
"I'll fix you later," she said.

She did, too. When they got to the flat she reached
in the back seat, took out a plastic supermarket bag and followed him inside.
There were no preliminaries, no pause for a drink. She came straight at
him, ripping open his shirt and peeling it from his back, tearing at his
belt. Peter barely had time to kick off his shoes before his trousers were
down around his ankles and her teeth were nipping at the bulge in his underpants.
He raised her to her feet, tried to kiss her, but she was having none of
that. "Get on the bed," she husked.

As he flopped back on the covers she picked up
the plastic bag, poured its contents out on the floor. There were four
wide leather watchbands, four elastic shock-cord "tie-downs". Swiftly,
stepping purposefully from one side of the bed to the other, she strapped
a band around each of his wrists, then each of his ankles, slipped one
end of a cord through each of the bands, and tied them off. His rising excitement formed a quivering pyramid
in the front of his pants as she passed the other end of the cord on his
left ankle around the leg of the bed, pulled it tight and hooked it back
on itself. Then his right leg, his right arm, and back around the bed to
his left arm.

Peter flexed his muscles, testing the strength
of his bonds. None of them gave by more than a few centimetres. He was
helpless, but there was no fear, only a burning anticipation as he imagined
her pulling down the front of his pants and gobbling his prick. Susana
picked his trousers off the floor, reached in the pocket and pulled out
her panties. She clambered on to the bed, straddled his belly, and gagged
him with the fragrant black lace, tying it tightly behind his head. The textured fabric slipped between his parted
teeth, pulled at the corners of his mouth and pressed against his tongue.
This was a refinement that he hadn't imagined, and he tried, too late,
to protest.

Susana ignored his muffled noises. She grabbed
him by the hair, pulled his head forward and jammed two pillows behind
it, then levered herself off his body and got off the bed. She ran a hand
up the inside of his right thigh and flicked at his tented erection.

"I'll fix you now, prick," she said. Peter jerked
with shock as she rummaged in her handbag, came up with a wicked-looking
vegetable knife, and grinned evilly at him as she tested its sharpness
with her thumb.

Suddenly less sure of the way things were going,
Peter struggled with his bonds. The shock cord gave a little, not enough.
"Crazy bitch," he thought, then, almost desperately, "Just how crazy IS
she?" His balls contracted and his erection collapsed. Susana gripped the
knife between her teeth, stripped off her skirt and blouse and clambered,
naked, up the foot of the bed to kneel between his outspread legs. Slowly,
thoughtfully, she trailed the point of the knife up the inside of his left
thigh, over his tightly contracted testicles and limp dick, and up his
belly to just below his breastbone. She reached out with her left hand,
plucked at a hair beside his right nipple, and sliced it off.

Peter was frozen with indecision. Really, just
how crazy WAS she? Susana was feeding on his fear. She grinned again, wet
her lips with her tongue.

"Time to be fixed," she said, and trailed the
knife back again to the top of his left thigh. Her left hand brushed between
his legs, just below his balls. Then, so quickly he had no time to think
what she was doing, she hooked two fingers through the right leg of his
underpants to the waistband, pulled the bunched fabric towards her, and
slit it through, then did the same on the other side. She tossed the knife
off the bed, turned down the front flap of his ruined pants and lowered
her head to the tiny, quivering heap of his frightened penis.

Peter closed his eyes in sudden relief, and moaned
as she slurped his limp prick into her mouth and began busily massaging
it with her lips and tongue. It responded instantly, swelling, straightening,
lengthening inside her mouth until it was fully erect. He grew still harder
watching and feeling the glistening wet shaft sliding deep into her mouth,
then re-appearing for almost its whole length as she dipped and rose in
precise time with his labored breathing.

Soon, too soon, he was gasping through the gag
in his mouth and grinding his hips upwards as her head descended, in an
effort to bury his cock up to the hilt in her mouth. She stopped, raised
her head and smiled wetly at him. Then she rose up on her knees, reached
forward and undid the gag.

"Crazy bitch," he said.

"Fuck you," she said, and kissed him.

She clambered over his legs, sat on his chest,
her feet on either side of his head. She leaned back, took her weight on
her hands, and thrust her cunt at his mouth.

"Eat me," she said. Peter lapped hungrily at
her dripping slit, driving his tongue deep inside and savoring the musky
odor that he remembered so well from his shameful session in the loo with
her panties. Susana closed her eyes in ecstasy, pulled away from him as
the shuddering began. She sat up, dragged one of the pillows from behind
his head, stood, turned, and squatted over his face.

As she lowered herself once more to meet his ministering
tongue, she leaned forward and regained possession of his cock. Once again,
it sank deep into her mouth. Once again, it took on a life of its own,
swelling and stiffening as she sucked and dived, sucked and dived, each
change of direction accompanied by a soft, wet slurping sound. She began
a rolling motion with her hips, pressing her cunt back against his probing
tongue.
Then she stopped, his cock half in and half out
of her mouth, and the shuddering began again. She whimpered, and Peter
redoubled the intensity of his licking.

The shuddering increased and she half pulled away
from his mouth, then pressed back against it. Suddenly she squealed, and
Peter was laughing and fighting for breath at the same time as her vaginal
muscles contracted in orgasm and flooded his mouth and nose with a mixture
of her juices and his own saliva. Four more contractions, and she rolled
off him, turned and took his dripping face in her hands.

"Sorry," she whispered.
He laughed again.

"No problem," he said. "Come anytime."

"Prick," she said, and kissed him, then wriggled
down the bed and knelt again between his legs.

"Come. Come now," she said again, and Peter was
jerked back from his reverie of the evening so far. He was vaguely aware
that both her hands now were working away at him, one holding the tip of
his cock the way you pick up a chess piece, the other pumping, pumping
away relentlessly at his twitching shaft.

"Mouth," he gasped. "Your mouth. SUCK ME!" She
shook her head.

"Later," she said, and stepped up the speed of
her pumping. "Come now."

Peter pulled at the cords holding his arms to
the head of the bed on either side, but as big and strong as he was he
could neither break them nor pull free of the bands around his wrists.
He slumped his shoulders back on the bed, began to writhe his hips in time
to the rhythm of her hand racing up and down, up and down the straining
pole that had become the whole focus of his existence. Lights danced in
front of his eyes and he shook his head violently as the first wave of
orgasm crashed through his frame.

Susana gripped him tighter, pumped faster. She
took the hand away from the head of his cock, pressed again behind his
balls, and relaxed her grip on his shaft. Peter screamed softly as the
dammed-up essence jetted up the length of his cock, spurted through the
air and splashed over his chest. Susana squeezed again, pumped, released
and there was another surge of sperm over his belly. His cock jerked, twitched
as spasm after spasm ran through him. His juice poured out of him in a
series of short, agonising spurts and his whole body shook and twisted
with each fresh contraction. Then it was finished, and he lay perfectly
still, exhausted and feeling slightly ridiculous.

Susana snickered, flicked again at his softening
tool. "What happened?" she said, her eyes wide with pretended wonder. She
traced a pattern in the wetness on his belly, reached out and picked a
gob of sperm from among the hairs on his chest, made a show of slurping
it off her fingers. A last dribble slipped out of the end of his cock and
she bent her head to it.

Peter winced as she took the super-sensitive
tip in her mouth and sucked him dry. She nuzzled his belly, cleaning him
up with her tongue. Her lips glistened as she raised her head to look at
him, and her eyes sparkled with the knowledge of the happiness she had
just bestowed on him.

She placed a hand on either side of his chest,
wormed her way up his body, and kissed him deeply. Her breath was sweet,
her lips and tongue were salty, and Peter was surprised to discover that
he tasted strongly of the garlic prawns they had had for dinner.



2001
