---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesad/bound_by_pc.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Bound by PC
authors:
- John Roper
tags:
- Sbf
- M/f
- online
- chat
- strip
- rope
- crotchtie
- belts
- gag
- hogtie
- stuck
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2003-02-16 00:00:00
---

Tracy had never been bound by anyone, not even herself.
Turning 18 seemed as good an excuse as any to remedy that shortcoming.
Being the gorgeous brunette she was, cyber chats seemed to be the safest
inroad to exploring the latent image she'd so carefully hidden from her
circle and family since the morning she woke from a dream in which someone
strong and masculine tied her to a chair and left her to the kinky outcome
of her first, bondage wet dream.

Meeting John online quickly evolved into her first
conversational experience with a man who excelled in the fine art of bondage
foreplay. They'd met in an AOL, member-generated chat room labeled 'BONDAGE4PLAY4FEMS,"
and were immediately IM comfortable, in spite of the 38 year age difference.
It didn't take long for her to accept a private chat invitation and send
John a picture that displayed her 38-22-36 assets in a way that would inspire
any B/D minded gent to ask,

PerfectTyr: Is that really you?
StacyBound: In the flesh.
PerfectTyr: And no one has ever tied you up?
StacyBound: Nope.
I find that very hard to believe.
So do I.
Are you sure you are 18?
Just turned. What would you do to me if you had me tied up?
What would you like to have done to you?
I like being fondled.
Kissed?
Yes.
Taken?
By the right man. What would you want to do to me?
Not to you- with you. I want the experience to be as exciting for you
as it is for me. Wanna get tied up right now?
I want to be tied up all the time.
Now is as good a time as any.
How do you mean?
Got any rope, sashes, and belts handy?
Sure.
Go get them.
...OK, be right back...
  
While Tracy collected the gear, her heart raced, and a
wonderment she'd never known before overtook her normally placid emotional
life. It never occurred to her that there might be a madman on the other
end of the line, who could get her into more trouble than any she'd ever
been in before.
...Back.
What are you wearing?
Jeans and a T-shirt.
Take everything off but your panties.
k...
Send a 'done' with the completion of each task.
....Done.
Put on your highest heels.
...Done.
Are you sure you want to do this?
Yes.
It could be dangerous.
What do you mean?
You might make a mistake.
What kind of mistake?
If you don't do exactly what I tell you, you could be bound indefinitely.
Oh... (Tracy didn't actually think they could bind her inescapably
over the computer.) Ok.
Will your AOL connection automatically sign off when not active for
more than the time allotted? (She had 4.0 at the time)
Uh, no.
You sure?
Yes, I disengaged it last month.
Do you know how to make a slipknot lasso?
No.
Tie a knot in one end of the rope.

In the carefully spent minutes that followed,
as per John's instructions, Tracy secured a crotch rope that ran from a
hard knot in front, between her legs to the back of the waist circle, under
which it was threaded and fed back down and up between her legs, up under
the waist circle in front, and down between her legs again, which were
bound with scarves at the ankles and lower thighs.

Excited?
Very :)
Now struggle to free your legs while you try to get out of your semi-kneeling
position.

She semi-sat on her bound legs, in her high back, arm-rested
office chair. The lasso end continued down between her upper thighs, thru
the back of her calves, under and over the ankle cinch, and up to her wrists
in back, which were crossed and bound within four circles of slip knot
lasso. The belts had been joined and tightly secured around her upper body,
above and below her ample breasts. The gag was face cloth stuffing, held
in with another scarf.

When Tracy did what she was told, her wrists were
but a few inches from her crossed and bound ankles in back of her. The
hog-tie was, to say the least, severe. But Tracy 'knew' what she was getting
herself into, and John had assured her of a way of escape if she could
not manage one herself. Before she slipped her wrists into the four lasso
circles, he instructed her to hit any right board key to answer 'yes,'
and left for 'no.' Even though reaching the keys with her nose was difficult,
Tracy managed to do so in the minutes that followed. Every time she did,
the crotch rope tightened considerably, sawing at her wet crevice, which,
in turn, produced its desired effect. Nose typing also tightened the lasso
loops around her wrists, a result she hardly noticed at first, but later
realized and appreciated without concern. ‘Wow, I really feel tied up.’

When you are securely bound, hit a yes key.
...k
Pull hard on the hog-tie line to tighten the wrists circles at much
as you can stand.
(She did.) 'Oooo, that feels so erotic.'
Now try to shake the gag. If you can, hit a yes key; if not, a no key.
...a
Now try the belts around your arms and torso.
...a
Is this turning you on?
...k
A lot?
...lllllllllllllllll
Me too. What if I told you there was no way out of your fix, that I
tied you up inescapably, and that you would have to sit there until someone
found you? Would you still be as turned on as you are?
...llllllllllll
I take it the possibility is making a major impact on your sensual
psychology.
...llllllllll
Enjoying the rope between your legs, are you?
...kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Do the ropes around your wrists and between your legs tighten when
you type or struggle?
...pppppppp
Exactly...Scream as loud as you can... Think anyone can hear you?
...q
Well now, guess we could say you are a damsel in distress.
...o
Nipples hard?
pppppppppppppppppppppppp
If I was there, I’d give them a major workout, perhaps tether them
with heavily chained nipple clamps, and hang a padlock on it. Want that?
KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
How about I leave you alone to get into the bind for a bit, say a half
hour?
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
No? Why not?
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
Have you cum yet?
AA
Close?
KKKKKK
When you do, I want you to send as many 9s as it takes to measure the
length and intensity. OK?
K
I see you have switched to caps. Things getting more intense, are they?
K
Phone. BRB.
...K
Whatever you do, don’t fall off the chair, or you will be in big trouble.
K

Three, very exciting minutes passed without a word from the damsel's
binder. Tracy went nuts trying to free her wrists from the 4-looped lasso
circles, while pondering the possibility of being semi-permanently bound
for as long as it took for her roommate to get home. It soon dawned
on her that she might not have left enough hog-tie slack between her wrists
and ankles to accomplish the task.
...'Wow.'

The phone rang. Nose-wise, it was just out
of reach, as was her mouse. The machine picked it up..."Hi, Trace. It's
me. Won't be home till late’ maybe not until tomorrow. Enjoy your
privacy. Seeya." Tracy made two, very tight fists and tore into her situation
with renewed enthusiasm. The rope between her legs made the first-time
experience swelter with uncommon excitation. Her long, sexy fingers flared
out with expressive frustration, groping and flailing to reach the knots
in her ankle cinch.
...'Damn!'

They were out of reach and three deep, and there were no other knots
to stretch for. Even if there were, Tracy's long nails would have made
the task near impossible. In her haste, Tracy had tied them in front, instead
of in back of her ankles, as John had instructed. His words echoed back
at her about doing 'exactly' as she was told. It was then something
unimaginable happened. Tracy began to spasm, but not in the usual way,
for she had been teetering on the edge of her current envelope for as long
as her wrists had been bound together behind her.

The unprecedented, sensual
event continued its imploding ways for the next several minutes, during
which Tracy took full advantage of her predicament. Internal fireworks
reached the ends of their psychologically inventive imaginations, setting
off a red-hot display of writhing undulations and crotch rope tugging.
...'Oh-my-God. I can't stop cumming.'

The belts around her upper body were tightly drawn, making it impossible
to do anything productive with her arms, which were held fast and closer
together behind her back than they had been before. Given the way she was
forced to sit. An attempt to remove the heels failed almost immediately.
A try at losing the gag was equally unsuccessful. And there was nothing
on screen to read from her 1500-mile-away binder.

'I can't get out of this...what in the hell was I thinking?...And why
can't I stop cumming?'

Tracy's enjoyment of her newfound turn-on was, to say the least, acute,
in spite of the possibly inconvenient consequences involved.

Back. How’s it going?
9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999
Cool. Want out?
K A
I understand perfectly. Are you wishing I was there?
K
Scared?
KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
Pleasurably so?
KKKKKK
Any pain?
K
A Lot?
S
Good. How would you like to spend the night like this?
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
You have no choice, unless you can figure out how to escape. Can you?
(1 minute later.) X
Will someone find you if you can’t?
K
Would it be major embarrassment if they did?
KKKKKKKKKKK.....
999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999
PerfectTyr: From now on, only type when the answer is no.
Are you trying to escape all the time?
...Think you have more orgasms in you?
...Do you keep having them whether you want them or not?
...If I were there, would you want me to take you?
...There is a way out, but you will have to wait until I tell
you how. It will be the same when I'm with you. You will not be free until
I say so. I'm going to cum all over you, Tracy...

Several, very erotic minutes passed, during which both John and
Tracy contemplated the situation and enjoyed the outcomes it inspired.

Then, something extremely consequential happened, something that would
not have happened had Tracy not made a second crucial mistake. In order
to get things rolling as soon as possible, she'd lied to John about the
automatic turnoff at AOL. There it was, staring her in the face. 'Do you
wish to stay on line?' read the window.

'Oh-my-God!'

Tracy's eyes focused on the out-of-nose-reach mouse, leaned forward
as far as she could, fell harmlessly off the chair, and immediately experienced
the beginnings of a multiple that went on for several spectacular seconds.

PerfectTyr: Having fun?

John Roper
