---
original_url: https://www.maidbots.net/storiessz/weekendmaid6.html
subcategory: Pony & Pet Girl
title: Weekend Maid
authors:
- Gromet
tags:
- F/F, M/f, Ff, maidbot, latex, catsuit, encased, collar, mind-control, program, controlled,
  pod, recharge, servant, machine, cleaning, arousal, desire, embrace, kiss, lesbian,
  frottage, voy, sexbots, breakdown, reprogram, submissive, mast, climax, cons, X
date: 2017-12-15 00:00:00
---

sstory continued from [part five](weekendmaid5.html)

**Part 6: Re-programming.**

Sophia awoke the next morning, her dreams last night of her encased inside one of the maid-bot latex catsuits, whilst Jessie-bot attended to her sexual needs, her body writhing on the bed under the tender touches of the maid-bot seductress. She found her hand deep between her legs, her arousal was climbing as she played with herself, her fingers exploring the soft folds of her sex, finding her little pearl and bringing delightful sensations throughout her body. Her other hand began caressing her breasts, massaging the firm flesh and teasing her erect nipple.
After her early morning orgasm Sophia felt wonderful inside, she now ready to face the day more relaxed and at ease within herself. As she lay there in the afterglow of her orgasm she began to picture the maid-bot Jessie in her mind again, she wondered why she had started to feel sexually aroused at the sight of her in the latex suit, she hadn’t felt that way about the other maid-bots, they were dressed to same as Jessie, so why did she have this effect on her and others.
Bruce meanwhile had risen early to catch the attractive maid-bot working again in the kitchen, his dreams too of the maid-bot but with the maid and his wife playing with each other, writhing on the bed as he watched them, both teasing him with their latex clad bodies, enticing him to join them on the bed. In his dreams he didn’t join them but continued to watch from the confines of the chair, unable to realise why he couldn’t join them.
Jessie was busy as usual in the kitchen, it seems that she was the maid-bot for all of the family’s food needs, not that she minded, she was running under the systems command and it took over to make the food required, Jessie just supplying the body needed to collect pots, prepare the food and cook, all under the watchful eye of the system. Jessie in her real life wasn’t one to cook, that was not something she excelled at, but under the system she was like a master chef, ‘a wiz in the kitchen’, she thought.
She heard Bruce as he walked into the kitchen, ‘He’s up early, I wonder what he wants!’ she giggled to herself, finding herself bending finding some pans in one of the lower cupboards, ‘My tushie seems to be pointing in his direction, I wonder what he’ll do?’ And continued to bend over, the system controlling her body, it finding that the owner Bruce liked the maid-bot bent over like this, according to his raised biorhythms and raised heart rate.
Bruce walked over to the maid-bot, her rear presented to him like a gift he thought, his hand making contact with the soft latex, the feelings he got from touching the suit made him aroused, his penis becoming more erect. He’d found that he was hard when he woke up this morning from his dreams, now with the physical presence of the maid-bot, he felt even more turned on. His penis tenting the front of his pyjamas, and soon poking out through the hole in the front.
Now revealed in all its glory Bruce began masturbating with one hand whilst the other continued to play with the latex maid-bot, she seemed to be not moving which in Bruce’s aroused mind he took to mean that she was enjoying this; she’d object otherwise he rationalised in his male brain. Not realising that the system had taken control of Jessie and that she could not move from the position until released to continue her functions, not that she seem to mind as Jessie was loving the fact that Bruce was turned on by her dressed like this, and was using her for his pleasure, she’d hope that she would climax too but if she didn’t she didn’t mind, she was serving her master and felt pleased within herself.
Bruce soon came, his seed spurting over the maid-bots backside, the whiteness of it standing out against the black glossy suit as it started to dribble down between her cheeks. Coming out of his sexual haze Bruce realised what he’d done, he didn’t know what had overcome his to do this to the maid-bot, he felt guilty at what he’d done and looked around the room to see if he’d been caught out in the depraved act, relived that Sophia wasn’t standing there to condemn him.
“Maid-bot return to your cleaning station.” He commanded. “Your suit is dirty.”
“Yes Master.” Jessie-bot responded, ‘your wish is my command’ she thought and smiled inside knowing how she’d teased him to cum on her rear, happy with herself as she carried out his command.
Jessie immediately stood up, he arousal not sated by Bruce but pleased that she’d satisfied her owner began walking out of the kitchen towards the maids’ room, once there she stepped into the cleaning cabinet where the machine automatically began cleaning her and the suit, washing away the evidence of Bruce’s misbegotten deed. Bruce watched as the maid-bot entered the machine, happy that his spending was being washed away headed back upstairs to clean himself up.
Jessie stood there in the machine as it did its job of cleaning her and the suit, she felt satisfaction within herself at the way the family were responding to her sexually, making her their plaything, she was loving the feelings she had inside her, her own sexuality coming alive with each encounter, she was loving the experience. This was what she wanted, desired and craved for, to be a sextoy, a plaything, to be used and discarded afterwards.
\*\*\*
Sophia entered the kitchen and found no maid-bot preparing breakfast, she’d risen from the comfort of her wonderful dreams after Bruce entered to use the ensuite bathroom, disrupting her fantasies of her time with the maid-bot. ‘Where’s Jessie?” she thought. She walked from the kitchen to the maids’ room to see if she was there, just as she entered she spotted Jessie stepping out of the cleaning machine, her suit now all shiny and clean again.
“Morning Jessie.” Sophia said.
“Good morning Mistress.” Jessie-bot replied.
“Sleep in did we?” she asked.
“No Mistress, I just had to re-clean myself as Master found a dirty spot on my suit.” Jessie-bot replied.
“Did he, and where was this dirty spot?” Sophia quizzed.
“On my rear Mistress.” Jessie-bot replied, whilst turning and pointing at the spot.
“I see.” Sophia said, ‘I wonder what Bruce did to make that spot dirty?’ she thought, ‘that’s why he’s upstairs in the bathroom, the dirty…’
“I’ll make breakfast now.” Jessie-bot said.
“Yes Jessie, please continue.” Sophia replied and allowed the maid-bot to pass her in the corridor. She watched as the maid-bot walked away from her, Sophia’s eyes taking in the rear of the maid-bot as it walked. Her thoughts again began to wonder why this maid-bot had that effect on her, none of the other maid-bots excited her like this, why did Jessie? “Maybe it’s because Jessie is inside the maid-bot?’ she thought, ‘but I’ve never felt this way about her before or other women for that matter.’ Sophia was confused, her mind trying to fathom why she was like this.
After breakfast the family went about their own things, Valerie ordered the maid-bot to her room, it was time to feed her friend Jessie and maybe explore some more of those feeling she was experiencing with her friend. She bade Jessie-bot sit beside her on the bed and deactivated her control, once the system had disconnected she looked Jessie in the eyes, she watched as she came out of the systems control and returned to herself.
Jessie looked up and returned the gaze into Valerie’s eyes, there was a time when those eyes were just those of her friend, now they were of her lover, they both stared intently into each other’s eyes, the spell between them holding them in place, their hands holding each other’s, the soft skin of Valerie’s against the latex clad ones of Jessie’s, still inside the suit. Valerie was the first to break the spell and moved her face closer to Jessie, their lips connecting with electrifying results, their bodies responding to the touch.
Soon Valerie was pressing down on Jessie, her back against the soft mattress with the soft, warm flesh of Valerie holding her down but not against her will, Jessie was loving this as much as Valerie was. Their embrace continued with lips mashed against each other, exploring each other’s mouths, their tongues intertwining, their breathing heightened and their heart rate getting higher. Valerie positioned her leg between Jessie’s and rubbed her thigh against the hard mound she found there, pressing against Jessie’s sex with abandon, Jessie lifting her own thigh to rest against Valerie’s sex they both continued writhing on the bed.
Once their lovemaking had consumed them both, their climaxes overwhelming their bodies and minds, their mutual enjoyment of each other now sated their lust for each other, they laid there as each caressed the other tenderly, interrupting every so often with small, playful kisses. Happy for the time being, Valerie wondered why she hadn’t felt this way before about Jessie, they’d been friends forever it seemed to her, but now they seem to be more than friends, ‘why was this?’ She thought.
Jessie meanwhile was on cloud nine, she was floating off in her own ‘sub space’, she had loved her day so far, with both Bruce and now Valerie using her, she felt an inner warmth inside her from the feelings of being used sexually by them, she lost in her own thoughts, ‘I must be bi-sexual, but I do love women more, the soft skin and the tender caresses, so wonderful.’ Jessie thought, ‘I wonder what else I can get up to today?’ she felt mischievous at her own wicked thoughts. 
After Jessie had eaten her fill, of both Valerie and the food, she felt wonderful inside as her friend pressed the button to turn her back into a maid-bot. Jessie felt her own bodily control fade away, she loved the feeling it gave her, the loss of power, the control being taken from her, the system commanding her every move leaving her to enjoy the ride inside her own body, she had always loved this, she craved this and always seemed to want more. Jessie went about her duties now remembering past events and felt her arousal climbing, but could do nothing to satisfy that feeling.
\*\*\*
The family continued on as they always seemed to, nothing untoward in their minds other than each of them wondering to themselves why they felt this way about the maid-bot Jessie. They each came to the conclusion that none of the other maid-bots made them feel this way, only this one maid-bot it seems. Bruce still oblivious to the fact that Jessie was the maid-bot inside the suit, only Sophia and Valerie were aware.
Jessie received orders to return to the maids’ room, the family had only just taken lunch so she wondered why she was being recalled so early. Jessie walked in and found Sophia standing there, she looking at Jessie as she walked in the room, her eyes devouring Jessie and the suit. Sophia pointed the remote at Jessie and pressed the button to deactivate Jessie-bot. Jessie again feeling her body returned to her stood there looking at Sophia and wondering what was up.
“I’ve recalled you for some lunch.” Sophia said, “and something else…”
“Thank you Mistress, Sophia.” Jessie replied, “What do you require of me?”
“Please eat and I’ll explain.” She said, “I want to understand my feelings for you, I don’t know where they come from, is it you or is it the suit? I don’t know…”
“Well the suits do feel wonderful, especially from the inside.” Jessie said as she ate the sandwich offered her. “Maybe you should try it.”
“Maybe I should… No I don’t know…  I’m confused...” Sophia replied, “Why do I feel this way? I shouldn’t but yet I do, it seems to overwhelm me.”
“Maybe you’ll understand better like this.” Jessie said pointing to her suit, grabbing Sophia’s hand and placing on her latex suit on her soft breast, her nipple immediately becoming erect at the touch. She knew that she was being wicked, tormenting Sophia like this with her body but she loved the way she felt inside whilst doing it.
Sophia gasped, “I… I… “ she found herself unable to form words, her mind freezing up at the touch of her hand on Jessie’ s breast.
“Damn I’ve broken her!” Jessie said watching Sophia trying to form words with her mouth, her mouth opening but not closing. “I wondered how long it would last this time.”
Sophia now stood there in front of Jessie, her arms down by her side and her mouth still open, but her eyes were now vacant and the stare looking at her hand that was previously touching Jessie on the breast.  Jessie finished eating her sandwich and drink, showing no concern for Sophia standing there, still stuck in her position.
“System reset sexbot Sophia SB-981-4273-9800.” Jessie said, disappointed that her game with Sophia had come to an end. ‘They always seem to break when I try to get them in the latex.’ She thought to herself.
Meanwhile Sophia had come too and seemed to be recovering from her overload, her body shook as she reanimated herself. Jessie watched on as the sexbot Sophia returned to her normal programmed self. 
“Feeling better?” Jessie asked.
“Yes Mistress.” Said Sophia, her functions continued to restart.
“Good, now switch me back on and return to your normal duties.” Jessie said.
“Yes Mistress.” Sophia said as she pressed the button to reactive Jessie into a maid-bot, unaware of what had happened to her, she watched again as Jessie walked out of the room, her suit glistening in the light enticing Sophia to watch, unable to move her eyes from the latex clad form.
\*\*\*
Jessie continued her day as usual, cleaning, washing and preparing things in the kitchen. The family continued their day as well, Bruce in his study working or watching porn, Sophia when not watching the maid-bot work read her erotic books, or watched television. Valerie was meanwhile upstairs in her bedroom, thinking about her friend Jessie and what they now mean to each other, unaware of the events that had taken place downstairs.
But every time they walked into a room with Jessie working or she walked past them they looked up and stopped whatever they were doing to admire her latex covered body, the curves shown up by the gloss of the suit enticing them with her body, she knew that they were watching and loved every moment of it, their eyes devouring her, she unable to control what they did to her.
Jessie loved the routine, the loss of control and the three members of the family under her control, she knew that it was only a program that she ran to make them feel this way but she got herself lost in it every time she ran it, and she ran it a lot lately. The fact that she was the only human in the house but that she was being ‘controlled’ by the sexbot’s she’d programmed to treat her this way always made her feel good. She knew that soon she would have to end the program and maybe restart now that she’d broken the mood with Sophia’s breakdown.
She’d run this several times whilst on her own in the house, she was always alone she thought to herself, these programs and sexbots were a great way for her to experience her feelings safely, she knew deep inside herself that she was naturally submissive and being controlled made her feel safe and warm inside, she didn’t want to feel this way with anyone outside, she thought that they would take advantage of her and her wealth.
Jessie didn’t need to work like others, she came from a wealthy family, though whilst gathering that wealth Jessie had been ignored as a child, she was brought up by maid-bots, one in particular always looked after her and she had fond memories of maid-bot Jackie, who was still at her mother, Samantha’s side as they roamed the globe seeking companies to take over and expand the corporation. She didn’t know her father or who he was, she had never known male company, she always in the presence of females or female maid-bots, and she preferred it that way. 
She also preferred being a maid-bot too and would spend as much of her time as possible being one, even as a little girl she’d dress in a maid’s costume, though not the one’s the maid-bots currently wear, that came later after college and finding her hidden inner desires, she grew to love the feel of the latex suits and wore latex exclusively when not dressed as a maid-bot.
\*\*\*
Jessie retired at the end of the day to her recharging pod, she’d been given some food by Sophia and then left to return to the pod. She had also commanded the house system to reboot the program in the morning so that everything would revert back to how it started. She placed herself inside the pod and put herself into ‘shutdown’ mode, beginning to sleep soundly whilst ‘recharging’. 
Sophia watched as Jessie switched off and seemed to be asleep, her hand caressing the latex suit again, the touch irresistible to her, her other hand began to play with herself, the feelings delightful in her mind. Bruce stood there again in the doorway as he too played with himself, both unaware that Jessie had written this into their programming for her to enjoy.
\*\*\*
Jessie awoke in the morning refreshed from her orgasm from last night at the hands of Sophia, she walked over to the cleaning pod and changed the setting, this was only known to her, this would remove her body from the latex suit and wash away all the built up sweat form her intense climax last night. Once cleaned and dis-robed she exited the machine and made her way to the kitchen, just like she would as a maid-bot, though this time she only prepared her own breakfast.
One done she checked her emails, replied to a few and deleted the rest, she didn’t want to be distracted form her play time, she knew that it was nearly time to restart. Easing herself from her desk she exited, the maid-bots were already busy cleaning everywhere and getting things ready for her next adventure. “Right, let’s get this show on the road.” She said, she walked to the front door opened it and closed it behind her.
\*\*\*
Valerie & Jessie were friends in high school, they had just graduated and Valerie was going to be moving away to attend college soon, they had been friends since forever it seemed to them both, they were also known to get into mischief not malicious but loved playing pranks, especially on each other. Valerie had asked Jessie to come over to spend some time hanging out, listening to music and other ‘girly things’ as she called it.
Jessie arrived and was greeted at the door as always by one of the families maid-bots, she’d always been in awe of them, they always looked magnificent in her eyes, these were not your standard maid-bots but seemed to her to be superior, the fact that they didn’t wear the conventional maid uniform but were covered head to toe in latex, each looking the same as the other two, made them seem all the more powerful in Jessie’s eyes…

**End?**
