---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Challenge
authors:
- sfmaster@att.net
tags:
- F/f
- slave
- training
- naked
- bond
- collar
- cuffs
- chastity
- dungeon
- strapon
- oral
- anal
- whip
- cons
- XX
date: 2020-03-12 00:00:00
---

Continues from [chapter six](the_challenge06.html)_

_### Chapter Seven: Invasive Procedures_

_##### July 17, 1998_

_When the limousine arrived to bring Cheryl to Janet's Estate, it was Mistress Janet herself who opened the front door. Cheryl had been picked up as normal, and driven to the Estate like any other week._

_"Please come in, Cheryl," welcomed Janet._

_"Mistress?" asked Cheryl, puzzled that Tina had not been the one to greet her._

_"Enter."_

_Cheryl did as she was told, and Janet closed the door behind her. Janet looked over her slave very carefully. It had been just one week since she had disobeyed Janet, and Cheryl had been severely punished._

_The weather was in the 80s, and it had not rained. Cheryl did not have a coat of any kind this week._

_"Please come into the library," ordered Janet._

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_Cheryl followed behind Janet, and Janet seated herself behind the library desk. She remained standing, not sure if she should sit in the chair, or ordered to kneel._

_"You may use a chair, Cheryl, you're not naked yet," ordered Janet._

_"Thank you, Mistress," said Cheryl as she seated herself._

_Janet looked Cheryl over very carefully. Her slave was wearing an Ann Taylor dress, matching hose, and Nine West Shoes. She had gone to the beauty parlor, and not a hair was out of place. She exuded a trace of Poison, yes that was the perfume that she was wearing. Cheryl looked every bit like a model, and played that image of her to the hilt._

_In contrast, Janet was wearing just a plain denim dress and a pair of flats on her feet. Those fetish shoes had begun to hurt lately, and Janet knew that she had to watch carefully just how often she would wear them._

_"How do you feel about your training so far?" began Janet._

_"I like it, Mistress."_

_"Have you found what you came here for?"_

_"Yes, Mistress," Cheryl answered._

_"Being naked, bound, and whipped excites you?" Janet demanded._

_"Yes, Mistress Janet."_

_"No complaints about how I used you last weekend?"_

_"No, Mistress, I was wrong to defy you."_

_Janet paused, because she knew that her next words would have a shocking effect on her charge._

_"When you first came to me, I described to you how you would be used. Do you remember what I said?" Janet asked._

_"That I would be beaten with a whip, crop, or even your hands, Mistress."_

_"Anything else?"_

_"No, Mistress," proudly answered Cheryl._

_"Then you have forgotten the part about how I will use your whole body."_

_"Mistress?"_

_"Before you forced yourself upon me, what were your sexual experiences?"_

_"Just normal male female sex, Mistress," stated Cheryl, a blush on her cheeks._

_"Judging by your reactions when Tina and I took you to bed, I'll accept that as fact. Or else you are a very good actress. Did you ever give a man a blowjob, or take his cock up your ass?" calmly asked Janet._

_"No, Mistress," quickly answered Cheryl, her calm demeanor shaken by the bluntness of Janet's intimate questions._

_"The first day that you were here, I told you that I was going to train your entire body. That meant not only placing you under the lash, but using all of your orifices as well. I said that I would make you wear a dildo in your cunt, and train you to accept a butt plug. Do you remember?"_

_"Yes...yes, Mistress," realization dawning in Cheryl's face at the meaning in Janet's words._

_"Good. I was planning to begin that last Saturday, but Mistress Lori intervened."_

_Cheryl remained silent and shaken, her face red and flushed._

_"I now give you the option again Cheryl to back out, as your training will now become very hard indeed. Do you want to leave?" Janet asked._

_"No, Mistress."_

_"Good. Since Tina is off this weekend, I want you to go the downstairs bedroom where you will find your collar, bracelets, and heels. You will voluntarily outfit yourself in the instruments of slavery. Then you may return here," directed Janet._

_"Yes, Mistress," hesitantly answered Cheryl._

_"One last thing before you go."_

_"Yes, Mistress?"_

_"Don't wear Poison again, the connotation is rather obvious. You are ordered to wear something feminine like White Linen, else you will be severely punished. Understand?"_

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_"Go!" firmly commanded Janet, "and when you return you had better be properly outfitted."_

_"Yes, Mistress," quickly answered Cheryl as she rose to leave._

_---_

_When she returned to the library fifteen minutes later, Cheryl was naked, wearing only her collar, bracelets, and high heels. Janet smiled when she saw Cheryl, since the woman was a natural blonde._

_"Do not kneel," ordered Janet._

_Cheryl stood silently on her feet, awaiting Janet's next command. Janet rose from the desk, and walked towards Cheryl. She played with Cheryl's nipples, squeezing them between her fingers._

_"Do you enjoy it when I take you to bed and fuck you with the strap on dildo?" asked Janet._

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_"Good. Since you have already been introduced to the phallus in my bedroom, you will not need as much training with it. But still, tonight, you shall wear one."_

_Janet walked back towards her desk, and opened the lower right hand drawer. She removed a broad leather belt, and a smaller one that already had a flesh colored and shaped phallus attached._

_Cheryl gasped when she saw the device; her eyes wide open in shock._

_"Stand still, Cheryl," Janet ordered._

_Janet drew the wide belt around Cheryl's waist, and tightened it until it was snug. Then she attached the smaller belt to the front of Cheryl's waist, and pushed the phallus upward between Cheryl's legs._

_"Oooooh!" gasped Cheryl as the phallus filled her sex._

_At Cheryl's back, Janet tightened the second belt, then finally secured it with four tiny locks around Cheryl's waist. She pulled at the belt to make sure that it was truly snug, and that Cheryl couldn't remove it._

_"Walk," Janet dictated._

_Cheryl took a few halting steps on her heels before she moaned, and she climaxed to orgasm quickly. She stood, panting in her erotic agony._

_"I see that my training has taught you to be in a state of sexual excitement at all times," stated Janet._

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_"Good. I now want you to wash the dishes in the sink in the kitchen, then clean the Dungeon downstairs. Since Tina has already trained you in that task, you know what to do. I used another slave there last night, and Tina wasn't available, so that task falls to you also. Go!"_

_"Mistress, not with this thing inside me!" protested Cheryl._

_"Are you backing out?" demanded Janet harshly, "refusing my orders?"_

_"No, Mistress."_

_"You have forced yourself upon me, and demanded to be trained like any other slave. I shall do nothing unusual with you, or different. But you either accept my training, and all its consequences, or leave," lectured Janet._

_"Yes, Mistress, I will accept my training."_

_"Good, your chores await you. Just remember, you have one other opening I shall use tomorrow," coldly answered Janet._

_Janet looked at Cheryl's face as the woman left the library, a look of shock and horror on her face at Janet's last statement. If the full impact of her slavery had not been made clear last week, then the dildo locked inside her made it clear once again to Cheryl._

_---_

_"Mistress?"_

_"Yes, Cheryl."_

_"The dishes are washed and the Dungeon has been cleaned, Mistress Janet."_

_Janet looked up from her desk, and glanced at her watch. She had been so engrossed in her work that she had not seen that an hour and a half had passed. Cheryl had arrived at nine, and after she had been readied, had worked till eleven._

_The woman who had been the model of composure before was now quite different. Beads of sweat were visible on her flesh, and her makeup was smeared. Her hair was still held in place by the spray, but a few stands had worked themselves loose._

_"Excellent, I shall inspect both," said Janet rising from the desk._

_With Cheryl dutifully following along behind her, Janet first checked the kitchen. The dishes (Janet had made certain not to wash any for two days) had all been washed, dried, and stored in the cabinets. Then she walked to the Dungeon elevator, and they both rode downstairs._

_Cheryl had cleaned everything, including the leather bench, X frame, dusted the stocks, and oiled the whips. Janet glanced in Cheryl's direction, and she saw the look of desperation in her eyes._

_Janet knew that Cheryl was desperately hoping that the job that she had done was good enough to escape a punishment of some sort, and that she would be free of the thing inside her. Every few steps must have been a new form of agony for her, driving her to orgasm, then repeating the ordeal._

_"Very good Cheryl," Janet complimented her slave._

_"Thank you, Mistress."_

_"Do you wish to be released from the phallus?"_

_"Yes, Mistress, please!" begged Cheryl._

_"What if I were to tell you that you had to wear it all day. How would you react?" asked Janet._

_"I would wear it, Mistress."_

_"Good. Come upstairs," Janet ordered._

_Janet led, and Cheryl followed behind her. Much to Cheryl's surprise, Janet shut the Dungeon lights behind her. They rode the elevator upstairs, then Janet closed the door and the hidden wall paneling that concealed it. Janet retrieved the key from the library, and closed all of the downstairs lights as well._

_"Ascend the staircase, Cheryl, I'll be right behind you," Janet ordered._

_It must have been sheer agony for Cheryl as she walked up every step, with the dildo frictioning itself against her sex with every step that she took. Cheryl waited for Janet at the top of the stairs, then followed behind her Mistress to the bedroom._

_Janet glanced at the clock, and saw that it was already midnight. She looked at Cheryl, and decided that it was time to release her slave for tonight._

_"Stand still," Janet ordered._

_"Yes, Mistress, ohhh!" moaned Cheryl as Janet unlocked the cross belt and removed the dildo from her dripping sex._

_"Feel better?" Janet asked as she removed the waist belt from around Cheryl's hips._

_"Thank you, Mistress," sighed Cheryl in relief._

_Janet then took another key, and unlocked Cheryl's heels, collar, and bracelets, leaving her without any of the instruments of her slavery._

_"You may now clean the phallus," ordered Janet as she handed the belts to Cheryl, "belts, and yourself, because you stink of sweat, in the other bathroom."_

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_"Then report back here," ordered Janet._

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_Janet had finished her shower and had dried her hair first before Cheryl had rejoined her. She enjoyed being nude, since none of her fetish attire breathed like normal fabrics. Janet had started to leaf through a magazine, waiting for Cheryl to rejoin her._

_"Mistress?" said Cheryl as she knocked on the door._

_"Enter."_

_Cheryl presented Janet the phallus harness by kneeling on the floor and holding it in front of her in both her hands. The dildo was clean of her juices, the leather cleaned and polished._

_"Stand!"_

_Janet ran her fingertips over Cheryl's skin, and found that she had indeed showered. Cheryl's sex was clean of her juices as well._

_"Replace your collar and bracelets," Janet ordered._

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_Janet watched as Cheryl obeyed her orders, locking the leather and steel on herself. Cheryl seemed to hesitate, somehow._

_"Are you ready to serve your Mistress?"_

_"Yes, Mistress Janet."_

_"Hands behind your back then," Janet ordered._

_The look on Cheryl's eyes was one of sheer amazement as Janet first locked her hands behind her back, then seated her on the floor. Janet then locked a chain from the bedpost to Cheryl's collar, and placed a small pillow on the floor._

_"You may lay down, and stretch out on the floor for the night, chained at the bed of your Mistress this evening. If you make a sound, you shall wear a ballgag all night. Do you understand?"_

_Janet shut the lights, and got under the single sheet nude. She didn't have to be a mind reader to know that either Cheryl desired to join her in bed, or resented her treatment. But that was just a part of the slavery that she had chosen. Janet soon drifted off to sleep, remembering when Erica had chained her in the exact same place._

_---_

_##### Saturday July 18, 1998_

_The next day opened with a crash of thunder. An early morning thunderstorm passed through Connecticut, awakening both Janet and Cheryl._

_Janet opened her eyes just in time to see a lightning bolt touch down nearby and the sound of thunder shook the house a few seconds later. A powerful gust of wind blew in the open window, making the curtains billow in response. Before Janet even got out of bed, a powerful wall of water descended some entering through the window screen._

_"Damn!" Janet exclaimed._

_Jumping out of bed nude, she closed the windows in her bedroom, then raced through the entire house closing on window after another. It was only after shutting the library windows downstairs did Janet realize that she had left Cheryl chained in her bedroom._

_She then raced back upstairs, to find Cheryl sitting up on her bottom._

_"Good morning, Cheryl."_

_"Good morning, Mistress," greeted Cheryl in response as Janet unlocked her collar and wrists._

_"You may attend to your toilet, then cook breakfast in the kitchen. Tina has provided a list for you on the refrigerator of meals that you are expected to prepare this weekend. I shall be waiting in the Dining Room."_

_"Yes, Mistress," answered Cheryl as she took her exit._

_As part of her training, Cheryl had been taught how to bathe and prepare herself. Tina had shown her how to shave her legs and underarms so that no hair remained, and that her skin would be smooth at all times. In addition, to rouge her aureole and perfume herself as well._

_Janet went to the bathroom, and realized that she had overlooked something else with Cheryl. She had forgotten to order Cheryl to leave the bathroom door open when she performed her toilet. That would be another small, but important part of her personal dignity that Janet would take away from her._

_The thunderstorm that had begun the day would continue all day, so Janet and Cheryl would remain in the house. Janet wore a white cotton top, no bra, and jeans and white sneakers. Since Cheryl was still busy in the kitchen, Janet put on her raincoat and grabbed an umbrella, then walked down the driveway to retrieve the paper._

_The mailbox was in a hole in the concrete wall, and she paid the papergirl extra to place the Times inside instead of just throwing it on the exterior lawn. Janet opened the box, and found that the Times and local Connecticut papers were already here. Good!_

_Janet walked back to the house, just before another storm hit. She folded the umbrella in the foyer, then hung her raincoat in the laundry room to dry._

_"Breakfast is ready, Mistress," announced Cheryl._

_"Thank you," said Janet as she assumed her place at the head of the Dining Room table._

_As she was being served her cheese omelet, Janet realized that it wasn't going to take Stephanie long to figure out that something was going on. It was quite common for them to share breakfast or lunch together, to compare notes on how training on new slaves was progressing._

_Sooner or later, Stephanie was going to become suspicious. When that finally happened, trouble was sure to begin. Except that trouble had already started, in the person of Cheryl Branford._

_"You may clean the table," ordered Janet when she had finished, "but I only want you to eat a light breakfast this morning."_

_"Mistress?"_

_"Some juice, coffee, and a couple slices of toast. I don't want you to have a lot of food in your stomach," ordered Janet._

_"Mistress?" repeated Cheryl, a look of astonishment on her face._

_"That was an order Cheryl, do not disobey. When you are finished, you may join me in the library," ordered Janet, "where your training shall continue."_

_Janet rose from her chair, and she hoped that Cheryl remembered what had been said to her the previous night. Cheryl watched her Mistress leave the Dining Room in silence._

_After working for an hour in the library, Janet was interrupted by a knock on the library door. She had been so engrossed in her work, that she had forgotten the passage of time._

_"Enter."_

_Cheryl opened the door, then closed it behind her, and walked in front of Janet's desk, where she dropped to her knees, then placed her hands on her kneecaps._

_"Breakfast is finished, Mistress Janet."_

_"Good, we may now proceed," said Janet as she closed the manila file folders and reports that she was working on, saved her work on the PC, and could now concentrate on Cheryl._

_Cheryl remained on the floor, silent, awaiting Janet's next orders._

_"Yesterday, you told me that you had never given a man a blowjob, or sucked a cock. Is that correct?"_

_"Yes, Mistress," quickly answered Cheryl, embarrassed at Janet's direct question._

_"I train both male and female slaves for Masters and Mistresses, but I prefer to train women since they are more interesting. Since you have come to me to be trained, I have decided that you shall be trained to serve both a Master and a Mistress. Since you have already learned how to service a woman, it's time you learned how to service a man."_

_"Mistress?"_

_From the desk drawer, Janet removed a lifelike latex cock with attached balls. It was a moderate sized one, not one of those silly monstrosities in display in the sex shops. It was the size of one that average man would have, perfect for training._

_"You're now going to learn how to suck cock, Cheryl. An important skill that may one day delight a Master, or a husband. If you resist learning, then you have another opening that I can use."_

_Janet had terrified Cheryl the previous night into believing that it would be her bottom that was going to be used. Instead, she had surprised Cheryl by insisting on training her in cocksucking. Janet did not have spell out to Cheryl what else she could do this morning._

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_Janet rose from the desk, walked the few steps to Cheryl, and handed the cock to her. Cheryl took the object in her hands, holding it like a live object._

_"Since you're a mature woman, I presume that you've probably seen at least one sex film in your life showing a woman sucking cock. It's not something from outer space, Cheryl. You may begin," Janet ordered._

_Cheryl's cheeks blushed red as she drew the cock towards her mouth, then opened her lips and began to suck on the rubber cock. She opened her mouth, and took the head of the cock inside, past her lips and teeth._

_Janet watched with wry amusement as Cheryl sucked gently on the cock, taking it deeper inside her mouth. She knew that Cheryl was acutely embarrassed by having to perform this in front of another woman._

_The only sounds in the library were those of Cheryl sucking on the cock, and the distant peals of thunder outside. Janet had wanted to play Wagner on the stereo, but didn't want to embarrass Cheryl any further._

_After what seemed like a good session (Cheryl had taken only half the length of the cock into her mouth, but she hadn't gagged) Janet motioned for her to stop._

_"Very good, Cheryl," Janet complimented, "you may stop. If you had been doing a man, I'm sure that he would have came in your mouth by now."_

_"Thank you, Mistress," breathed Cheryl in relief._

_"But of course you will be expected to take the cock fully down your throat after you've been fully trained. You may take the cock with you, and practice in between your chores today."_

_"Yes, Mistress," answered Cheryl in embarrassment._

_"Stand up, please."_

_Cheryl did as she was instructed, and Janet removed the same harness from the desk that Cheryl had worn the previous night._

_"Please, no, Mistress!" gasped Cheryl, "not again."_

_"Silence!" Janet ordered, "it is not for you to decide what I use upon you."_

_Janet then removed the rubber phallus from the cross strap, and motioned for Cheryl to stand. She then locked the belt around Cheryl's waist, then the crotch strap and the four little locks that held it._

_"I can't have you being driven mad by the cock, since you might succomeb to the temptation to place it within your sex. So without the phallus, it can serve as a Chastity belt instead."_

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_"In the event that you have to go to the toilet, find me and I shall release you, then lock you back into the harness afterwards."_

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_"One last order, Cheryl. Don't stimulate yourself by playing with your nipples. I have a very nice latex bra that has inward facing warts for your aureole that will drive you crazy. Understand?"_

_"Yes, Mistress Janet."_

_"Good, Tina has left you a list of chores to do, you may proceed."_

_"Thank you, Mistress," said Cheryl when she departed._

_Janet decided that she would inform Cheryl about the leaving the bathroom door open the first time that she had to perform her toilet. Cheryl had closed the library door, and Janet was left alone._

_It was ten thirty, and lunch was not until one. Somehow, Janet didn't want to work anymore, but loaf. She resumed her seat, then pondered what to do next. She had considered calling Stephanie to ask her to look at Erica's Medical Records, then stopped herself. Suppose there was something there that Erica had not wanted her friend to know?_

_One of her other slaves, Gwendolwn, was a nurse at a local hospital. She would ask her to look over Erica's records one day, to decipher the doctor's mad scrawl._

_Janet had read the first three volumes of Alana's Diary, from 1980 to 1983. Every page had held her spellbound, as if Erica was here beside her._

_She only read the diary late at night, alone, when Tina was asleep or busy. She had never told her companion what had been in the safe, and had stayed silent._

_Alana Peters had been born to wealth and power, yet had turned her back on it after a car accident had nearly claimed her life. She had changed her face and name, and lived as a working class person in order to pursue her desire to serve a Master. Only to find that her true destiny was as a Dominatrix._

_Just when Janet herself had become accustomed to the idea that she loved being Erica's slave, and wanted to serve her in the Dungeon and her bed, Erica had unleashed the competition upon her and Tiffany._

_'Damn you Erica,' Janet thought to herself, 'I wanted to be your slave in all things. I had never experienced true love or wanting until I wore your collar, chains, and marks. Instead of training me as a slave, you trained me to replace you.'_

_A lightning bolt that struck outside made the lights dim in response interrupted Janet's thoughts._

_'Bravo, Erica,' Janet thought, 'you always had a flair for the dramatic.'_

_It was of course just a figment of her imagination to believe that her Mistress had arranged the lightning bolt at that moment. But it was still a nice idea!_

_---_

_Janet had been writing her household checks when Cheryl knocked again on the library door._

_"Enter."_

_"Mistress, may I go to the bathroom?" asked Cheryl._

_"Yes, Cheryl, of course," replied Janet as she rose from her chair._

_"Thank you, Mistress."_

_Having control over a simple bodily function like going to the bathroom was just one more way that Janet exercised her mastery over Cheryl. One more decision that Cheryl had been able to make on her own had been taken away from her._

_Janet took Cheryl to the bedroom downstairs, and when they stood there together, she unlocked the four small locks and removed the crotch strap. Janet placed the strap on the dresser, and sat on the bed._

_"Go," directed Janet, "but leave the door open."_

_"Mistress?" a look of shock was on Cheryl's face._

_"If you can't use the toilet, then I'll give you a bedpan instead and you can do it on the floor. This is another part of your modesty that I take away Cheryl."_

_"Mistress?"_

_"Go!"_

_Meekly, Cheryl sat on the toilet. Her bodily needs must have been great, since it wasn't too long before she peed and moved her bowels. Red faced, she found Janet watching her the whole time from the doorway._

_When she had finished her toilet, Cheryl cleaned her bottom with toilet paper and a gob of Vaseline, since Janet had insisted that she keep her anus clean. The she cleaned her bottom and sex with a scented towelette, a box of which was in every bathroom in the house._

_"Very good, Cheryl," complimented Janet, "at least I won't have to order you to use a bedpan."_

_"Thank you, Mistress."_

_"Have you sucked on the cock?" Janet asked._

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_"You can demonstrate after lunch, Cheryl."_

_"Thank you, Mistress Janet."_

_Janet locked the Chastity belt back onto Cheryl's belt, turned on her heels and left Cheryl alone. Glancing at her watch, she found that lunch was an hour away._

_Lunch, she already knew, was just salad, roast beef sandwiches, and cake. Dinner would be a baked flounder, which would require some preparation. Cheryl had demonstrated in the last month that she knew how to cook. Janet resolved to ask her if Cheryl had gone to cooking school. If Cheryl didn't answer, then she had other ways to extract an answer from her slave._

_Lunch itself was totally uneventful, and Janet ate quickly. She drank two cans of soda during the meal, and then ate her cake quickly. Cheryl cleared the dishes away, and Janet adjourned to the library to wait for her._

_Janet waited behind the desk, reading a magazine that Stephanie had sent her. It was a Ponygirl magazine, and Janet wondered if it was worth the expense to purchase an outfit like that for her slaves. Once, on vacation upstate, she had gone to a farm run by a husband and wife team. Janet had allowed herself to be outfitted and used as a Ponygirl for three days, and had found the experience interesting, to say the least!_

_"Mistress," greeted Cheryl when she entered the library._

_"Enter," said Janet._

_"I am ready to show you my progress," stated Cheryl._

_"Go ahead."_

_Janet watched dispassionately as Cheryl sucked on the rubber phallus, taking it deeper and deeper into her mouth. Judging from the length, Janet knew that the cock was far into her throat, the head scraping the back of her throat._

_"Excellent, Cheryl," Janet complimented._

_"Thank you, Mistress."_

_"You have done very well on your own, in a rather short time. I have a little test for you."_

_Janet rose from her chair, and knew that Cheryl would still be here kneeling when she returned. She unlocked a drawer in the kitchen, and removed another phallus. Except that this one had a small bulb inside each rubber testicle that Janet filled with warm water._

_"Try this one," ordered Janet when she returned._

_Cheryl again took the second phallus into her mouth, her cheeks puckering as she sucked on the rubber cock. Janet held onto the phallus with her right hand, and didn't even have to push it into Cheryl's mouth._

_When Janet was satisfied that the head was scraping the back of Cheryl's mouth, she pressed lightly on one of the rubber testicles, shooting a jet of warm water into Cheryl's throat. Janet expected that Cheryl would choke or gag, but instead she watched as Cheryl's throat muscles worked and she swallowed the warm water._

_Janet pressed again, then emptied the first testicle, and Cheryl repeated her performance once more. Cheryl knelt, with the cock still in her mouth._

_Finally, Janet pressed the other testicle, emptying the second in one shot. Cheryl swallowed, and didn't gasp for air. Janet released her hold on the phallus._

_"You may remove the phallus, Cheryl."_

_"Yes, Mistress," Cheryl answered when her mouth was free of the rubber cock._

_"Very good, Cheryl."_

_"Thank you, Mistress."_

_"Perhaps I'll call a Master friend of mine and you can demonstrate your skill on him," suggested Janet._

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_It was early afternoon, and Janet was suddenly at a loss. She had expected that Cheryl would fail at cocksucking. Instead, she had succeeded in less than a day. Now what?_

_"You may prepare dinner," Janet ordered._

_It wasn't after Cheryl had departed that Janet realized that she had left the chastity belt locked on Cheryl's waist. Janet decided that she would unlock the belt, when her cell phone buzzed in her purse._

_"Janet?"_

_"Yes, Lori, how are you?" asked Janet._

_"I'm fine, but that's not why I'm calling."_

_"Go ahead."_

_"Remember last week that I told you that I'd seen Cheryl before?"_

_"Sure."_

_"Now I remember where. I was in Los Angeles last year, on vacation. My girlfriend and I went into a few sex shops in LA for a few laughs. Cheryl was in one, buying every book that they had on D/s."_

_"Do you remember what she was saying to the clerks?"_

_"No, I was too far away."_

_"She was researching D/s?" asked Janet._

_"Either that, or starting a library."_

_"Thanks Lori, I owe you one."_

_"Who's counting, and I still want to use Cheryl."_

_"You'll have her."_

_"Bye," said Lori as the connection was cut._

_Janet sat in her chair, terrified. Lori had been right last week in saying that Cheryl was dangerous._

_From the first moment that Cheryl had appeared in Janet's life, Janet thought that every action that she had taken was premeditated. Now Janet had the confirmation that she needed. Trouble was, it still didn't answer the question of why Cheryl was here!_

_Janet wished that she could grab her riding crop, march into the kitchen, and beat Cheryl until she was left sobbing on the floor and confessing her reasons for being here._

_"I'm not Lauren!" Janet said aloud to herself._

_Janet began to wonder if Cheryl's appearance and demands weren't some evil plot that Lauren had devised to trouble her. Every now and then, she and Lauren crossed paths, and Janet had ignored her._

_The image of Cheryl preparing dinner, wearing the apron and chastity belt came into her mind. Cheryl had bought books and researched D/s; maybe even had gone under the lash of another Mistress. She knew more than she was letting on._

_Janet had toyed with the idea of using Cheryl in the library for a little session, and now rejected it. Any use of her now might lead to Janet beating Cheryl harshly._

_'Erica gave me her house, estate, and title of Mistress because I understood the responsibilities of being a Dominatrix,' thought Janet, 'and I won't start acting wrong now.'_

_A baked flounder was on the menu for dinner. Cheryl would be having a butt plug for dessert._

_---_

_Dinner had proven to be uneventful. Cheryl had baked a flounder as per Tina's instruction, except that she had used the Indian spices that Tina had recently purchased, and made a rice curry to accompany the meal. The fish was spicy, but not hot or burning, and quite good._

_Cheryl had made a determined effort to please her Mistress, Janet noted. She had served naked, though she still wore the chastity belt around her hips._

_Was it just Janet's imagination, or did she perceive that the belt made Cheryl look and act sexier? Cheryl carried herself proudly, holding her body straight, her shoulders straight and her breasts flaring in response._

_Cheryl had served the dinner, then stood in silence to pour wine as Janet ate. In this position, Janet hated eating alone. She missed conversation, and discourse with another person._

_It was only after the meal that Cheryl asked to be released from the belt, before she sat down to eat by herself._

_"Did you like wearing the belt?" Janet asked._

_"Yes, Mistress Janet."_

_"How did it make you feel?"_

_"The leather against my hips gave me an additional reminder of my slavery, Mistress."_

_"Perhaps I should make you wear it again," Janet suggested._

_"As my Mistress desires," offered Cheryl._

_"After you have cleaned up and eaten, you may come to see me in the library," ordered Janet, "where your training shall proceed."_

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_Janet watched the rain pound the library windows. Normally a rainstorm this time of year meant a fast moving thunderstorm. Instead, this storm was composed of one layer after another, soaking Connecticut repeatedly._

_Tired, Janet yawned and decided that she would take a short nap. She programmed the clock radio, and settled down into the leather couch for a short 30-minute catnap. She lay down, kicked off her shoes, and settled down for a nice little sleep, her eyes quickly closing as sleep overcame her._

_When Janet awoke, she was startled to find Cheryl kneeling on the carpet, her arms behind her body, in one of the submissive postures that she had been taught._

_"Cheryl, what are you doing here?" Janet asked._

_"You had fallen asleep, Mistress and I was waiting for you to awaken."_

_Janet looked at the clock, and found that over an hour had passed. Had she misprogrammed the clock, or had Cheryl shut the alarm off?_

_"Thank you, Cheryl, I guess that I was more tired than I thought," said Janet._

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_"I want to freshen up, and then we shall proceed."_

_Janet walked to the bathroom, and slashed warm water on her face to wake herself up. She soaped her hands, and washed her face as well. She then drank two glasses of water, and pondered her next move. Glancing at her watch, it was after 9 PM. Plenty of time to introduce Cheryl to her next ordeal._

_Janet had expected that Cheryl would have trouble with the cock. She hoped that she would have gagged, needing weeks of training. Instead, she had proved to be a natural, or else had been trained before._

_'You're getting paranoid,' Janet said to herself, 'even paranoids have enemies, though.'_

_Janet re-entered the library, and sat behind her desk. Cheryl was kneeling on the carpet, her head bowed in submission to her Mistress._

_"Cheryl?"_

_"Yes, Mistress?"_

_"Have you ever had a man fuck you up your bottom? Have a proctology exam at the doctor's?"_

_"No, Mistress, to both questions."_

_"I want you to lay on the leather footstool," Janet ordered, "I'm going to probe your bottom."_

_"Yes, Mistress," meekly answered Cheryl as she rose to her feet, then draped herself over the leather footstool._

_Janet recalled how Erica had chained her to the sawhorse when she had her bottom examined. She had been scared to death, yet Erica had been surprisingly gentle with her._

_"If you wish, I can rope you to the stool," Janet offered._

_"No thank you, Mistress," replied Cheryl._

_Janet removed a pair of rubber gloves, a jar of lubricant, and two butt plugs from the desk. She then donned the gloves carefully, making sure that her nails didn't break the rubber._

_"Hold still Cheryl," calmly said Janet._

_Janet was amazed that Cheryl did not ever stir as Janet opened her ass cheeks, then inserted a lubricant-coated gloved finger up into her anal opening. When Erica had done this, Janet had been almost ready to scream in fright, except that Erica had placed a ballgag in her mouth. She looked at the condition of Cheryl's anus, in the way that Stephanie had taught her. Stephanie had shown Janet the medical books that she still had, had trained her to look for anything amiss._

_"You're fine," said Janet as she completed her examination._

_"Thank you, Mistress."_

_"You may stand."_

_Janet pointed to the objects on the desk and picked up the smaller one in her hand._

_"This is a butt plug, a small one. I want you to place some lubricant on it, then insert it up your bottom, until it fits snugly," Janet ordered._

_"Yes, Mistress," said Cheryl in response._

_Janet had expected that Cheryl would protest or reject the idea. Instead she opened the jar of lube, then spread some on the plug. She then took some in her hands, and bent down a bit, then inserted that into her ass. Finally, she pushed the plug inside herself grimacing until her anal muscles closed over the narrow portion._

_"Ahhhh!" cried Cheryl as it popped into place._

_"Are you all right?" Janet asked._

_"Fine, Mistress," said Cheryl as she straightened up, wiping her hands on a tissue._

_"You will wear the plug for two hours, after which I shall use you in the Dungeon. Until that time, you may read, or watch TV in the bedroom, but not remove the plug," ordered Janet._

_"Yes, Mistress," said Cheryl as she bowed, and walked out of the library._

_Janet could just see the base of the plug in her bottom as Cheryl departed. She knew that Cheryl wouldn't remove it, or even touch it. Because she was so damned eager to serve._

_Seated behind the desk, Janet wanted to throw a book at the double doors. What novice slave could take a cock in her mouth and a plug up her ass in the same day? Either Cheryl was a very determined submissive, or else she had been trained by another Mistress._

_---_

_After two hours, Janet had ordered Cheryl to remove the plug in the bathroom. She had found Cheryl in the downstairs bedroom calmly reading Vogue and Cosmopolitan, which Janet subscribed to. There Cheryl had been, reading about fall fashions, naked while wearing her collar and bracelets._

_Cheryl had removed the plug, and performed her toilet. Janet had ordered her to stay on the toilet, in order to pass out all the lubricant. Which she had done over a period of time. Cheryl didn't even protest about the open door._

_Janet had then chained her in the bedroom, as she dressed for the night's session. She had not used Cheryl the previous night, except for the dildo. Saturday had been devoted to the cock and the butt plug, which Cheryl had performed well with._

_But now it would be her turn under the lash, and Janet walked through her closet naked trying to decide what she should wear. She would wear a Catsuit in the winter, but not during the summer. Too hot and confining, even with the a/c on._

_She selected an outfit composed of a PVC bodysuit, black sheer to waist pantyhose, gloves, and a pair of modest heels. Janet dressed quickly, wishing that Tina was with her._

_How she missed Tina! Her slave and assistant. But she had been called away for a family emergency, leaving Janet alone. Janet had driven her to the airport, and kissed her before she had left her at the terminal._

_Janet looked at herself in the mirror. Either the outfit was a little tight, or else she had put on a few pounds. She decided to weigh herself naked the next morning._

_Her final thoughts while dressing were about the clock radio in the library. She was sure that she had programmed it correctly, then hit the switch to activate the alarm. When she had examined it later, the alarm switch was in the off position._

_If Cheryl had turned the alarm off, why? Had she searched the library? Just to kneel and watch Janet sleep, something that she had already seen in the bedroom?_

_Or had Cheryl fallen in love with Janet? That was what usually happened when a slave was introduced to D/s; they loved the person holding the rod._

_Suppose that Cheryl had done this just to unhinge Janet? The woman had not said anything at all about her training, regardless of how many stripes that Janet had as yet placed upon her._

_She walked downstairs, and found Cheryl still chained where she had left her. Her hands linked behind her back, a collar chain locked to the ringbolt on the wall._

_"Are you ready to submit?" Janet asked._

_"To have your body and flesh striped and used by your Mistress?"_

_"Yes, Mistress Janet, use me," Cheryl answered._

_Janet unlocked Cheryl's collar chain, but did not blindfold her or attach a leash on her collar chair. She pulled Cheryl to her feet, and looked her in the eyes._

_"Prepare to be used."_

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_Janet pulled Cheryl along to the elevator, and they rode down to the Dungeon in silence. Normally, Janet would have placed a blindfold and ballgag on a slave. But after Cheryl's extraordinary performance today, she wanted to look into her eyes._

_She placed Cheryl into the stocks, first closing the bar then locked her ankles into place. Then she unlocked her hands, and indicated that Cheryl place her head and hands in the half circles of wood. Janet then closed the yoke, and locked it shut._

_"Are you ready, slave?" asked Janet._

_"Yes, Mistress," Cheryl answered._

_Janet had removed a leather paddle from the cabinet. It would sting and hurt, but not really mark, since it was so soft. But it could be used for a long time._

_"Kiss the paddle," Janet ordered._

_Cheryl did as she was instructed, then remained silent._

_Holding the paddle in her gloved hands, Janet looked directly at Cheryl._

_"It's really a good thing that Tina is away this weekend, Cheryl," Janet began, "else your little performance would have amazed even her. No inexperienced woman could take the cock like that, or place a plug up her ass, unless they've been trained first. You know a lot more than you're telling me, which is nothing," said Janet._

_Cheryl stayed silent in her wooden prison as Janet spoke to her._

_"Last week I whipped you harshly because you disobeyed me. Tonight, I'm going to use you harshly again because you're not telling me the truth."_

_"I told you I want to be trained as a slave, Mistress Janet. Your slave."_

_"You've prepared for this, haven't you?" demanded Janet._

_"That's my affair, Mistress Janet."_

_"To come clear across the country and force me to train you?"_

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_"Since you desire my use, then you shall have it."_

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_Janet struck the paddle on Cheryl's bottom, watching as each stroke left a red mark behind. Each time that she struck Cheryl, she moaned slightly._

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_Janet wondered if Cheryl had a martyr complex, if she could take endless amounts of punishment. Or if she was a painslut, perhaps. Tonight, Janet wanted the tears to flow from Cheryl's eyes. Then she would take her to bed._

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_"Kiss the paddle," Janet ordered suddenly._

_"Yes, Mistress," cried Cheryl as she did as she was told._

_After a paddling like that, Cheryl would be reminded each time that she sat down that Janet had used her. Janet then released Cheryl from the stocks, and pinched her erect nipples._

_"Owww!" cried Cheryl._

_"Who does your body belong to?" Janet demanded._

_"You, Mistress Janet!"_

_Janet then slapped Cheryl across the cheek, surprising her charge._

_"Are you a slut?"_

_"Mistress?"_

_"I said, are you a slut?" asked Janet._

_"I am whatever my Mistress wants me to be," Cheryl answered._

_"In that case."_

_Janet pulled Cheryl over to the ceiling chain. Originally, she had wanted to bind her to the X frame or the cross, but had decided against it. Last week, in the same position, she had used the whip on her. Since it was already late, she had another weapon in mind._

_From the inside of her leather bodysuit, Janet extracted two nipple clamps. She displayed them for Cheryl's benefit, then closed then on Cheryl's erect nipples, making her moan as each one was applied._

_"Ahhh!" moaned Cheryl._

_Janet selected a rubber flogger. The rubber strands would sting and hurt, and Cheryl would be reminded all week about how Janet had used her._

_"Kiss the flogger, slave," directed Janet._

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_Janet began with a light series of strokes of five, with the last one being the most severe. Then Janet would pause, and begin again. Cheryl had been pulled taut by the ceiling chain, and her ankles were locked to a spreader bar. She was helpless and exposed, totally vulnerable to whatever Mistress Janet wanted._

_Why?_

_Her interviews were a lie, Lori had told her that she had bought every D/s book at a shop in LA, and she had probably been trained in the use of her mouth and bottom._

_Where would this lead? When and why would she call her safeword? If she would ever call it at all?_

_"What is your safeword, Cheryl?" demanded Janet._

_"Mistress?"_

_"I said what is your safeword."_

_"Sin, Mistress Janet."_

_"Good, I wanted to make sure that you haven't forgotten it. One day, it may save your life," cautioned Janet._

_"Yes, Mistress Janet, thank you."_

_"Now we can continue," said Janet._

_"Thank you, Mistress."_

_Had Cheryl forgotten her safeword, Janet had been prepared to release Cheryl, dress her, then throw her out of the house. Instead, Cheryl had remembered her safeword, so Janet would continue._

_Janet then struck Cheryl several times on her breasts, making tears come to her eyes. After a pause, Janet then used the flogger between Cheryl's legs, making her cry and squirm. She made sure to strike the inside of Cheryl's exposed thighs when she did so._

_After removing the nipple clamps, Janet made certain to strike Cheryl's tender breasts with five strokes each. Her white skin was now marked red from every impact of the rubber flogger._

_Janet had kept an exact count of the number of strokes that she had used. She would write it down when she replaced the flogger in the cabinet._

_"Kiss the flogger."_

_"Yes, Mistress," tearfully answered Cheryl._

_Janet unlocked Cheryl, and placed her, sobbing, on the leather bench. She gave Cheryl a box of tissues to dry her eyes._

_"Are you expecting me to comfort you?" Janet demanded._

_"Mistress?"_

_"Last week, I comforted you because I had punished you harshly after your disobedience. This week, I shall not, because you have not told me the truth, slave."_

_"Mistress Janet, don't hurt me?" begged Cheryl._

_"I'm not going to hurt you, Cheryl. Just take you to bed. If you fail to please me, though, then I shall use the crop on you."_

_---_

_"Please your Mistress."_

_Janet lay back on her bed, her legs open. Cheryl was on the floor, kneeling, where Janet had ordered her after she had cleaned herself up after the Dungeon session. Cheryl had been tearful and forlorn looking after Janet told her that she was not going to be held in Janet's arms, even after the session that she had endured._

_Cheryl's body was marked by the rubber flogger, the marks a dull red in color. The marks would be there for a long time, and combined with the paddling, she would remember this visit for quite a long time._

_Cheryl rose from her kneeling position, and climbed onto the bed. She placed her mouth over Janet's sex, her lips, tongue, and teeth working on Janet's sex._

_Janet knew of some selfish Dommes who viewed their only goal in life was to get orgasms from their slaves. If they should fail to please, then they were severely beaten._

_That was not the way that Janet had been trained by Erica, nor was that the way that she had conducted herself. Janet trained her slaves to submit and to serve, but sexually pleasing her was not her only goal._

_When another woman submitted herself to Janet, she was introduced to physical discipline. But she was also treated tenderly afterwards, shown just how much courage it took to submit, and encouraged to proceed even further._

_"Oh!" Janet cried as the first orgasm pulsed through her thighs._

_Janet bounced on the bed, since Cheryl had excited her quickly. Cheryl's tongue played itself over her clit, darting in and out, stimulating with each touch. Each touch exciting her, making Janet hotter and hotter with touch._

_Cheryl's tongue went deep into Janet's love canal, sucking her, stimulating her to orgasm. Janet knew that she was wet, felt Cheryl's tongue inside her, lapping at her juices._

_"Ohhhh!"_

_Janet held onto Cheryl's hair, gently keeping her slave between her legs. She wanted Cheryl to satisfy her, to drive her wild with pleasure. Even if Cheryl herself was still smarting from the session that she just endured._

_"Ohhhhh!"_

_One orgasm after another rocked through her, leaving Janet stunned and weak. She bounced on the bed, her bottom slapping against the sheet._

_"Thank you, Cheryl. That was excellent," complimented Janet._

_"You're welcome, Mistress."_

_Janet kissed Cheryl on the lips, tasting her own juices. She rolled her tongue over her lips, eager now to taste Cheryl as well._

_"On your back," Janet ordered._

_Cheryl did as she was told, and soon Janet was between her thighs. Janet wanted to tease Cheryl, so she slowly tongued her, drawing her climax out slowly. She excited Cheryl gradually, licking her sex as the woman gradually lubricated in response to Janet's attentions._

_After the harsh punishment that Janet had given Cheryl, she wanted to show her slave that she could pleasure as well as pain. But somehow Cheryl seemed to want to satisfy her Mistress even more than usual this evening. Perhaps the experience of spending the night chained on the bedroom floor next to her Mistress had taught Cheryl submission._

_Janet drove Cheryl to climax, making her companion moan and rock on the sheets. Cheryl clearly responded to Janet's attentions, her nipples hard and her sex wet. Cheryl held onto her Mistress tightly, their breasts and lips close together._

_Resting on the table was a dildo, and Janet held it in her hand as she used Cheryl with it again and again, driving her to climax. The bed was wet with their sweat before Cheryl dropped off to sleep first, with Janet following afterwards._

_##### Sunday July 19, 1998_

_"Cheryl, I have something for you," said Janet._

_Janet and Cheryl were in the library. Tina had not yet returned, so Mistress Janet had to train the slave all weekend by herself. In the morning, Janet had unlocked Cheryl, and she had let Cheryl serve as her bath girl. Cheryl had bathed and pampered her Mistress, just as Janet had taught her to._

_While Cheryl bathed, Janet had prepared breakfast herself. Janet ate in the Dining Room, Cheryl in the kitchen. Finally, they faced one another in the library._

_After a solid day of storms, the weather had finally broken. Rays of sunlight peeped through the clouds, and the forecast was going to be for a good day._

_"Yes, Mistress?"_

_Janet opened a desk drawer and removed a wooden box. She stood up from her chair, and walked over to Cheryl's._

_"Extend your left hand," Janet ordered._

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_"These are my slave rings," described Janet, "any Mistress that knows me will see you wearing my ring and know that you are serving me."_

_Janet tried a number of rings on Cheryl's index finger until she found the right sized one that fit correctly. The rings were made of sterling silver and had links incised on their outer surface._

_"Do you understand what wearing this ring means?" demanded Janet._

_"That I am your slave, Mistress."_

_"Very good, Cheryl. Ordinarily, I wouldn't give a slave ring so soon. But since I have discovered your deceit in taking the cock and anal training, you are more advanced than you are letting on."_

_"Thank you, Mistress."_

_"I have one other gift for you," said Janet as she resumed her seat._

_"Mistress?"_

_Resuming her seat, Janet removed the jar of lubricant and the larger butt plug that she had shown to Cheryl on Saturday._

_"This is a moderate sized butt plug, larger than the one that you wore on Saturday. You are to wear it for two hours each day at home until next week. If you cannot insert it easily by then, then you shall be very harshly used," threatened Janet._

_"Mistress?"_

_"Those are your orders, Cheryl. The car will be here in three minutes, and you will wait in the foyer."_

_"Yes, Mistress," answered Cheryl as she placed the two items in her purse._

_Janet watched Cheryl leave, and was even more worried about her than she had been before. Not only had the woman posed naked for a photographer she had also researched D/s and probably trained herself in sucking a cock and placing a plug up her ass. Then forcing herself on a Mistress clear across the country. Why?_

_##### >From the Diary of Cheryl Branford:_

_If last weekend I made the mistake of disobedience, this weekend I made one of submission. I was proud of the fact that I had guessed that a Mistress would want to use my mouth, sex, and bottom, and had trained myself in advance using sex toys._

_On Friday night, I was made to wear the dildo harness while I performed house cleaning tasks. Afterwards, Janet chained me at the foot of her bed that night, and I have never felt so helpless or humiliated in my life._

_On Saturday, I made my mistake. I took both the cock and anal plug without effort or protest. Janet accused me of having been trained in advance, and I had no defense. I was severely used that night in the Dungeon, and I shall be wearing her marks for a long time._

_She has given me a larger butt plug, which I am now wearing in my bottom. It was about the same size one that I had used at home, and slid easily into my anus._

_I dare not disobey her again, even as I now put my plans into effect._

_I continue to be sexually attracted to Mistress Janet, and her use of me in bed is what I look forward to. With my naked body striped by the lash, I cannot wait to serve Mistress Janet sexually._

_I gaze at the silver ring on my finger, and wonder, have I truly become her slave?_

_Continues in [chapter eight](the_challenge08.html)
