---
original_url: https://www.mummified.net/storieslr/miss_johnsons_initiation4.html
subcategory: Mummified
title: Miss Johnson's Initiation 4
authors:
- Reinette
tags:
- Sbf
- mum
- tape
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2006-11-05 00:00:00
---

**4: Solitaire**

Ok. I admit it: “Hello, my name’s Laura
Johnson and I am addicted to mummification.”

I came to my epiphany when it became
blatantly clear that my weekly lessons with the MEC just weren’t enough. My last
thoughts as I fell asleep were of being wrapped up. Totally innocent words in
books and on the TV would put images into my head.

It was time to take matters into my own
hands, as it were. I spent hours on the Internet searching for how I could
satiate my needs. I built up quite a shopping list, and made arrangements so
that there was no way in the world that I could be disturbed – until I wanted to
be! I knew that I wouldn’t be able to wrap myself fully, that would take some
practice!

I wanted to make the event special, so I
set out my room with candles and incense. I laid out all of my “equipment” on
the bed so that they would be within easy reach and then I took a long, hot
relaxing bath going through each step in my head, imagining how I would look and
feel.

I dried myself carefully, and made a
start.

The vibrator that I had chosen was
amazing. I’d rehearsed using it before, without any wrapping, so that I knew
exactly where it needed to be. It fitted snugly between my legs and sat directly
on my clitoris, held in place with delicate straps. I stepped into it, and then
adjusted it until it was perfectly aligned. I couldn’t resist turning it on for
a second, twisting the wheel on the remote control only slightly, the buzz and
tingle arousing me to the point where I knew I didn’t want to change my mind.

I laid down on the bed, and picked up a
roll of cling film. I lifted my legs together straight up into the air, and
began to wrap it around my feet. I moved the film further and further up my
legs, keeping it as taught as I could, and making sure that my legs were
straight. I was unimpressed by the lack of restriction: I didn’t feel encased at
all. I kept wrapping, layer after layer, and as I did so, the cocoon I was
forming began to take shape. I smiled with relief, and continued past the top of
my legs, lifting my bottom slightly into the air. How far up could I manage? The
film wrapped round my stomach, and my breasts, totally encasing them in plastic.
I was pleased. I tested how much I could move, wriggling around on the bed. Not
much, I could still bend in the middle, but my legs would not come apart.
Perfect! But this was only the first step.

I reached over and picked up a roll of
black duct tape, lifting my feet up into the air again, my legs as straight as
they could be. The tape went over the cling film easily, and I overlapped the
tape as I wound it round and round my mummified legs. I sighed with relief when
I reached my hips, setting my legs back down on the bed, and with a new roll of
tape, I put a layer around my breasts, and continued wrapping around my torso
until my whole body was covered in black.

I had resisted looking in the mirror
next to my bed until now. I wanted to see the finished product in all of its
glory. Oh my goodness. Even though my arms, shoulders and head were free, the
image of my body in its shiny black cocoon was intoxicating. As I looked at
myself, I turned the vibrator onto its lowest setting. I squirmed with pleasure
– both from the stimulation between my legs and the image in front of me.

I could have looked at myself for hours,
but that was not part of the plan. The only two items left next to me on the bed
were a sturdy pair of scissors and a roll of black bondage tape. I picked the
tape up, and carefully wrapped it around my mouth and eyes. There was no way I
was going to wrap my whole head, and I felt quite safe knowing that my arms were
still free. I was done. I ran my hands up and down the smoothness of the
wrappings, my skin underneath tingling.

I lay in my cocoon and wriggled, the
movements altering the position of the vibrator, stimulating me more. I slowly
began to turn it up. The combination of the restriction and the vibrations
making me feel unbelievable.

I heard a click, and inwardly smiled. I
was aware that someone was in the room with me, and I knew what they were doing.
My whole body was tingling at the thought of someone watching me writhe and
struggle against the wrappings.

As I turned my remote control up the
maximum, I felt like my legs were almost on fire. The electricity coursing
through my body, building me up and up, my muscles tensing, my breathing getting
deeper and heavier.

I came, exploding, screaming inside my
head. My whole body shook and convulsed. I had never, ever, felt like that
before. I was about to turn off the vibrator, when it was taken out of my hand.
I tried to object, but I couldn’t, the continuing vibrations sending me crashing
again, and again, each orgasm bigger and more powerful than the last.

Eventually the vibrator itself ran out
of power, and I laid still in my cocoon, shaking and trembling.

The wrappings were taken away from my
eyes, and there was David, grinning from ear to ear.

“Looks like you enjoyed that”, he
laughed, holding up the video camera that was in his hand. “Do you want to see
for yourself?”
