---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/ponygirl/storieslr/part_time_equine21.html
subcategory: Giantess & Shrinking
title: Part-Time Equine
authors:
- ForeverAltered
tags:
- F/f
- fpov
- latex
- ponygirl
- leash
- harness
- oral
- rom
- cons
- X
date: 2025-07-13 00:00:00
---

### Part 21

The temporary retreat of the steam seemed to have made the real world issues I faced disappear. Despite the small size of the area, looking left, looking right and looking up was all just a large fog. The tiles on the wall were gone, the white ceiling could be barely seen behind the wisps of cloud, and the world behind this small structure seemed so far away. I approached the mirror, placing my palm over it immediately destroyed the condensation that coated itself over the reflective surface, I swiped downwards, which revealed more of the person looking into the object. My hair was still wet from the boiling hot shower, long, brown strands stuck to the back of my neck and my upper shoulders. The person looking back at me was a reflection I was familiar with, yet it was missing one big thing.

A smile.

Something I had not experienced in quite some time, I was almost unrecognisable without it, yet I could not conjure one up no matter how hard I tried. I continued to wipe off the mirror, making sure every inch of the object was free from the condensation, revealing more of my form in the process. Everything about the person looking back at me was familiar, just I struggled to put my name to my face. It seemed that the recent events in my life had taken its toll on my mental health. I knew who I was, but it felt empty when I looked into my own eyes, as empty as the apartment has been and as empty as my life had been.

Today, that was going to have to change.

"Chloe?" A voice called out to me from beyond the fog, "Chloe?"

A rush of cool air entered the room, destroying the warm ambience I had created. The steam from the room flew out into the corridor the moment the door was opened, as if it was begging to be released and a figure entered the small space with me.

"Chloe? I've made breakfast" Her voice was so sweet, a complete contrast to the depressed state I was feeling.

It was Lily. The person I cared about most in the world. Her soft smile was more of a welcome for me, it was a lifeline, the one thing I could hold onto. She immediately went behind me, tracing her delicate fingers across my bare shoulders before she embraced me from behind and stared into the reflective object with me. I could still feel her body heat despite the layers of clothing between our skin. A shirt and leggings covered her slim form whilst only a towel covered mine, tied up just above my breasts to cover my modesty. Her smile continued for what felt like forever. She didn't say anything more as there were no words for her to say, she knew I was struggling, this was the first time in nearly a week that I had the energy to leave my room… to leave my bed.

"Did you want me to help you get dressed, Chloe?" The woman behind me whispered.

"I'll be fine." I had to clear my throat from the lack of speech, but I wanted to let her know that I was okay.

She began playing with my hair, bringing the soaked strands between her fingers, "You don't have to go in today. No one is forcing you to."

"Harriet and Beth need me. Well, either me or Jade and… that's a different story."

"She's just trying to figure things out, I'm sure we all are."

I sighed. Heather's leaving had hit us all harder than we thought. For me, I struggled to leave the bed until today, hoping the comfort of my blanket and my mattress was enough to calm the anxiety in my heart and my brain. That was nothing compared to Jade, the woman who Heather was in love with. The dark haired girl was distant before, but now she went to a whole new level. She only came into the stables when she needed to, getting back to the simple occupations she did before her and Heather got together. Cleaning, moving equipment and other small jobs we would usually miss. It was difficult to spot Jade around Harriet's, it was nearly impossible to speak to her.

There was a general sadness that overcame the stables. Despite Heather's short time with us, she seemed to have taken something with her when she left. There was still love between the ponygirls, there was still care for the clients when they came to visit, but something else was gone… I wanted to call it, heart.

Lily wasn't one for this kind of talk, yet she was the one who told me all the struggles at the stables. She was the most positive, caring person I knew and even she could see the pain that everyone felt.

"I'll be there in a second, I'll quickly get dressed and I'll join you for breakfast," I said.

"Perfect." She gently kissed my bare shoulder, "I'll see you shortly then."

Then she left me alone once more. disappearing into the corridor behind the dispersing fog. I returned my glance once more to my reflection, Lily's affection did have an effect on me. Whilst a smile didn't appear, I noticed my face had eased up and the dark pit in my stomach had begun to feel more full.

Despite the calm isolation the fogged room had given me, I must admit it was a relief to feel the cool air of the corridor. The smell of Lily's cooking hit my nostrils almost immediately and was overly inviting, the overwhelming combination caused my stomach to growl in need, begging to be filled. I wanted to move forward, to get out of this towel, to get my hair dry and clothes on my back so I can enjoy the breakfast that was made for me, but it seemed my body refused to go any further until I wrestled with one more demon.

Heather's bedroom.

It was the room straight after the bathroom, directly to my left after I had left the smoke. As much as I wanted to leave this part of my life for now, there was a deep urge that would not leave me alone. I pushed forwards, placing my palm against the wooden door. The hinge creaked for the entire duration that it opened, slowly bringing the view of the vacant area to my gaze. Some items were still left scattered around, items that my friend had forgotten and left behind. The bed was still ruffled, the blanket moved to the side and the pillow had the same indent in it from when Heather slept in it last.

It was eerie and quiet, desperately missing the movement of a young woman living within its walls. It was a room that belonged to Heather… yet, she wasn't here.

"Chloe!" Heather jumped out from behind the door, comfortable pajamas covering her form, "What are you doing waiting around here? Lily made you a fantastic breakfast and here you are just standing around!"

I wanted to answer her, but I knew it was useless.

"C'mon!" she continued, "Let's go, I'm starving!"

She brought her hand up to grab mine, yet her fingers passed through me effortlessly. Of course it would pass, she wasn't here. Heather faded as soon as our hands would have made contact, I blinked and the form in front of me vanished into thin air. My brain was only imagining my friend in the corridor with me.

I looked back into the room, Heather was there again. This time she was in her underwear, it was a lacy number she had purchased just for Jade. She had not long come from the shower so her hair was covered in a towel. She was looking deeply into the mirror, trying to see what the dark haired girl saw in her, until she noticed me still in the doorway.

"Chloe!" she laughed, "You're such a perv!"

She pulled off the towel from her hand and bunched it into a ball. With as little effort she could, she threw the item towards me. The towel never reached me, disappearing before it made contact. Heather disappeared along with it.

Had I missed her so much, that I was imagining her to this extent? If I didn't know she was out of the county, I could have sworn she occupied the same space as me. Was I losing my mind that much? Surely a whole week stuck in bed was playing tricks on my mind.

Then I spotted her and Jade in bed. This was not my imagination creating something I wished to happen, but was relaying a memory I had when I walked into her room one morning. The blanket that was off to the side had covered the two girls, Jade's head rested on my roommate's chest as it moved up and down slowly. It was a cute moment between the two women, both fast asleep but it was a sight full of love. However, it was just a memory. With a heavy heart, I closed the door on the two sleeping girls, wishing with all my might that the manifestation in front of me could somehow come to life.

\*\*\* "I'll just be a minute" I promised Lily as I opened the door of her vehicle.

I didn't have the energy to face the day, even the thought of seeing some of the people I cared about most filled me with a sense of dread. Whilst I cared deeply for all of them, the absence of one person in particular was enough to make my stomach feel like a black hole.

The local coffee shop stood in front of me, if I was braving the day I needed something strong inside me. I wasted no time running from the vehicle to the semi-open doors and jumped in as soon as the moment came. There was a queue, a short one… just short enough to get my drink and still get to the stables on time. The usual daytime radio music filled my ears at the same time a strong, oak scent touched my ears, the entirety of the inside of the shop was covered in wood, from the floor, to the wall and even the ceiling were all different shades and different types; giving the entire place a cabin-type feel to it.

I breathed in and out as slowly as I could, trying to rid myself of the anxiety that was causing my fingers to shake. Why was going back to work so tough? It had been the same place I worked at for a year and a half at this point, it couldn't have entirely been Heather's leaving that caused me this much trauma? Then… I had spent nearly a week at home, was I worried about the reactions of the other women at the stables? They had to continue as if nothing had changed, they still got up and went to work, spending their mornings, afternoons and evenings with clients around them. All the time whilst I was stuck in bed, with absolutely no energy to even move.

I hoped they didn't hate me too much.

The woman in front of me began looking around. First of all it was towards the ceiling, then it was to the sides and straight ahead where the rest of the customers were sitting and drinking their morning teas and coffees. Then she looked behind, staring at me and the rest of the customers who were waiting patiently behind me. She… looked familiar.

It was just a quick glance that I sent her way, but almost immediately I brought my gaze to the floor, trying not to invite a social interaction with the stranger. However, it was all for nothing, as she continued to look my way and even brought a large, white smile towards me.

"Chloe?" she asked, the fact that she knew my name was haunting.

I reluctantly brought my eyes back up and met hers. She really did look familiar but there was nothing telling me that I would know her name, just as she knew mine. Her smile grew wider, which allowed me to see the pink gums of her mouth, "Chloe!" She said louder, bringing me into a hug.

Her outfit was rather grand. A pure white, silk buttoned shirt that was tucked into a deep purple long skirt, travelling all the way down to her feet, which were covered in black leather loafers. The silk shirt felt good against my body, almost addictive… just as addictive as her sweet tone and demeanor.

She brought herself back, taking a look into my eyes; which were struggling to match hers.

"You're not happy?" she asked, her tone deepening, "Are you okay?"

"Yeah… yeah, I'm good," I lied.

"Do you not remember me?"

"I'm really sorry, I don't."

"That's okay. It's understandable as you probably see so many people within a day. My name is Lorelai, I came to the stables a few weeks back? Well… probably over a month now."

"Lorelai?" I asked, "Oh, sorry. How have you been?"

This time I hugged her back, the moment she said her name it all made sense, she was the lady who had invested in the stables, spending the day with Heather just before she got with Jade and I got even closer to Lily. She hugged me back once more, the feeling of her silk shirt against me was addictive and somewhat comforting, she held me with such care and attention despite the fact we were nearly strangers, only finally letting go as soon as my grip began to ease. She kept her hand on my shoulder as we moved away from each other, maintaining that contact between us.

"You're not happy," she said, it wasn't a question, it was a statement. She could tell I had an invisible rain cloud over my head, keeping my mood down.

"I'm… I'm okay," I struggled to say.

"What happened? If you don't mind me asking?"

"It's…" I wanted to lie more, but a quick glance towards her made my next sentence genuine, "One of our group left us recently… I haven't taken it well."

She continued to stare into my eyes, the feeling of care and love was oozing out of her, it made it impossible to say anything that wasn't the truth. A man behind us cleared his throat, causing Lorelai to look behind her and see that the queue had gone down and she could move forwards. As she did, she grabbed my hand and allowed me to follow the short few steps she was taking too.

"Oh, I'm sorry," she continued, "Who was it?"

"It was Heather, the…"

"The pony in the silver suit?" She finished my sentence.

"Yeah."

"Oh, that's a shame. She was so lovely when I met her, so nervous but caring and beautiful. Is she fully gone? Or is she taking a break?"

I cleared my throat, "She's gone to look after her mother, who isn't well. She said she'll be back, but we do not know when."

"I'm sure she'll be back soon. A place like that, I doubt she'll be able to stay away for too long. I was itching all over after my time there, I wanted to return as quickly as possible"

"Why don't you? We will be happy to have you back."

She seemed surprised by this sentence, "I am coming back," she laughed, "That's why I am here, I've spoken to Harriet and Beth and they were happy to have me come down for a few days. Sorry, did no one tell you?"

I shook my head, "Oh… no. I've been away for the last week."

"It's that bad, is it?"

"It's been tough. I haven't been able to leave my bed… today is my first day back."

"I'm sure it will get better with time. I promise you I'll be a well-behaved pony for you guys."

"A… a pony?" I asked, trying not to catch my breath, "You're going to be one?"

She nodded with enthusiasm, "Yeah. I've been giving it some thought and I decided that I wanted to know how it feels to be a ponygirl. The suits were amazing and just seeing everyone wearing them was so delicious… I just have to know."

The man behind us coughed again. I soon realised we were talking about the stables without any hesitation around normal people. I glanced around, trying to see if we had caught any attention with the subject, but before I had the chance to look, Lorelai grabbed my hand again and pulled me towards her once more.

"What are you drinking?" she asked, nodding her head towards the list of items the coffee shop sold.

"I was just going to get a black coffee, nothing special."

"Okay. Can I get a black coffee for my friend here and I'll get a caramel latte?" I didn't realise we were at the front of the queue, Lorelai spoke to the woman behind the counter with a strange level of confidence.

"I'll pay you…" I stuttered, thrown off by her kind gesture of buying the drink for me.

"No, no. Don't worry about it."

"Please… I am happy to pay."

She lightly slapped my hand, "Don't, it's my treat. If you want to pay me back, take good care of me over the next few days, that would be more than enough."

I put my purse back into my pocket, "Of course I will. Thank you so much."

\*\*\*

Both Lily and I were silent for the entirety of the journey to the stables. Her car sputtered and creaked all the way from my apartment until the large gates that hid the world we loved so much. As Lily focused on the road, making sure we arrived at our destination in one piece, I stared down at my hands, watching my fingers play with each other whilst I was trying to work up the courage that was needed of me today.

This would be the first time I came to the stables since Heather left. I was curious if anything had changed in that small amount of time. I wondered how different the ponies were, did Heather's exit had the same effect on them as it did for me? Were there any changes to the stables since I was last here? It was a short amount of time, but it felt as if anything could have happened. Lily had continuously told me that nothing had changed. Whenever she came to my apartment after her shift, she would let me know how everything went and if there were any changes to the rest of the women, but each time she told me that there wasn't. Everyone just got on with their lives, living every day as if a part of it wasn't missing.

It seemed like such an odd concept. A grand car came in behind us, as Lily and I looked through the wing mirrors, we could see Lorelai sitting in the back seat of the car as an unamused driver sat behind the wheel, a complete contrast to the care-free, loving woman behind him. The gate rumbled open, the metal works behind the wooden frame screeched and yelled as it pulled the heavy object apart, allowing us enough room to get inside. I could feel my heart beating in my throat. A low level of anxiety entered my body as the familiar wall that housed the square came into view. My hands braced the bottom of the chair, it felt as if something was bound to happen and happen soon. A drop, a lunge, the car just immediately stopping and forcing Lily and I to fall forwards against the dashboard.

… I hated anxiety.

There was going to be nearly nothing different about today. I can guarantee that Beth, Harriet and the rest of the women will be around the square, all interacting and getting dressed into their pony attire as if it was any other day. I yelled at my brain, telling my anxiety to leave my body, for my nerves to calm down. This day was exactly the same as any other, no different to any other from the year and a half I've been working at this place.

Except there was one thing missing.

One part of the puzzle that made the whole thing feel incomplete.

Heather wasn't here.

Lily drove through the square, parking the vehicle by the wall; like she did nearly everyday. The groaning of her engine almost completely drowned out the sound of the vehicle travelling behind us, making it feel like we weren't being followed. I watched carefully as I saw Beth push Kathia into her own stable, as if she already had enough of the girl for the day. Saffron's and Abigail's stable doors were closed, telling me that the two giant women were already inside, most likely being placed into their outfits by Jade. I could imagine the dark-haired woman being so reluctant to be sociable, having to interact with other people whilst her heart was aching as much as mine was.

Well… they were all stronger than me. I couldn't bear seeing this place for days.

"Hey," Lily placed her hand on my knee, "Try and enjoy today, just take your time with everything."

"Thank you," I nodded.

Lily exited the vehicle immediately after she turned the engine off. I wanted to follow quickly behind her, the last thing I wanted was to draw any unwanted attention to myself. The initial plan was to stick by Lily constantly and not bring any attention to myself at all, but that was before the meeting with the woman this morning.

"Lily!" Harriet jumped towards the green pony, "Your suit is already in your stable, if you wait inside, Beth will be with you soon"

I didn't even see where the older woman came from. It was as if she just came in from nowhere, was I really not paying that much attention to my surroundings. Harriet pointed towards the open stable door with one hand whilst ushering Lily towards it with the other, then her eyes were set on me. I couldn't hide, or pretend that I wasn't there. As much as I wanted to just disappear, it was clear that the woman had a plan for me. She lit up instantly, bringing life to her stressed form and instantly embraced me.

"Oh, Chloe!" she yelled, "Thank you, thank you, thank you so much for coming in!"

It was a tight hug that had two different meanings. The first one was straight forward, she needed me here for some reason and my presence confirmed that I was where I needed to be. The second was a little more personal, it was the relief that I was okay, that I managed to finally leave my apartment and that she was so happy to see me after our short time apart. I held her in return. Despite my anxiety attacking my nerves, making me doubt myself and on the verge of a panic attack, it was genuinely nice to see the older woman again.

She continued, "I have a massive favour to ask you, but I'll understand if you say no."

"Is it anything to do with Lorelai?" I asked, smiling lightly.

This seemed to take her by surprise, her jaw fell open as if those words were not supposed to come out of my mouth, "…yes."

She glanced over my shoulder as I heard the door to her fancy vehicle open and close. I imagined the driver being the one to open the door for the woman I spent part of the morning with. The beautiful, blonde woman took a moment to take in the full sight of the square, as if she was returning to a pleasant memory that she held dear to herself. The sights, the sounds and the general feel of the location seemed to excite the petite lady.

"Oh… did she tell you everything then? Sorry, I did want to ask you in person, but you've been hard to reach." She fell over her sentences, "I'll understand if it is too much for your first time back."

"No, no. It's okay," I shook my head, "She went over a few things, but not everything."

"Would you be able to look after her for the day? She wanted to spend the day as a pony and see what the experience would be like. I need someone to be with her for the entire time, not only looking after her, but acting like a client too. Y'know, hugging, talking with her, maybe take her for a walk around the property?"

"That's no problem at all."

"Thank you." She hugged me one more time, "Jade's been very distant recently, I didn't want to ask her in case it caused any issues. The outfits for her are in Heather's stable, just treat her like you would any other pony, but make sure to give her a pleasant experience. I'll talk with Lorelai for a short bit, but I'll bring her over soon."

The older woman finally let go of me and approached the visitor, changing her demeanor completely from ‘exhausted stable owner’ to a more professional one. Harriet went in with a handshake to greet Lorelai, but the blonde lady wrapped her arms around Harriet's thin form, as if she was being welcomed by an old friend.

Despite the quiet conversation I heard behind me, the rest of the square was completely silent. All of the girls were in their respective stables, being suited up for the day and not yet socializing in the morning sun. I dreaded the fact that Heather's stable was the one Lorelai was going to be placed into. Walking towards the darkness of the room caused my heart to beat against my chest, so much so that it was rattling in my ear drums. My first day back and I was almost immediately reminded of my vacant friend.

I pulled the stable door fully open before walking through it. At first I expected to see my roommate within the four walls, either clothed, naked or already placed within the confines of the Pony attire. I half imagined her face looking back at me in the dark, her smile widening as I made myself known… but I had no such luck.

The entire room was empty apart from the metal crate that held the suit Lorelai was going to wear. The space was much cleaner than it had been for a long time, assuming Heather's leave had something to do with it. Without her stomping her hooves around, the rubber matting had no reason to get dirty.

As Harriet was occupying the young woman, it gave me a small amount of time to look around the room and recall the past events with my friend. I remembered the first time she was placed in the suit, Kathia and Lily were far too excited to see their friend that they pretty much barged into the space without any permission. Kathia was keen to be the first to hold Heather in her arms, giving her one of her famous cuddles.

I even recalled the time Heather was too timid to come out of here. It was very shortly after she started to work here and she would spend her days hiding within this sanctuary. It actually took a visit from someone who was delivering equipment to get her out of her shell. A young, blonde woman called Becky who was far more awkward than Heather, but she was a natural at being a pony; wearing Nicole's old outfit. That was a turning point for my friend, realising that if someone as socially timid as that could be a pony, then she could too.

I knelt down and opened the two clasps that were holding the case closed, opening it revealed a silver outfit which reflected against what little light the room provided. My heart skipped a beat at first, realising that this was Heather's outfit. For a second, I lost myself and believed that she was in the room with me, expecting to be placed within the suit. As I lifted the suit up, I quickly realised it was the summer variation of her outfit, pretty much identical but would reveal the wearer's legs.

Whilst Heather did wear this outfit once, it wasn't the same one that I associated with her, it was the colour alone that made my mind jump with nostalgia.

A quiet tapping hit the wooden door into the stables as two shadows were illuminated against the wall. I quickly dropped the suit back into the case, feeling as if it must have looked odd from someone else's perspective of me admiring the beautiful silver colour in front of me. I looked up to see the smiling face of Harriet looking back at me, behind her was a curious Lorelai; taking in the rustic look of the room.

"Are you ready?" the stable owner asked, her voice was so gentle.

I nodded, "Yeah. Let's get Lorelai ready."

"Perfect! Lorelai? I leave you in Chloe's capable hands."

\*\*\*

The young woman stood in front of me. It was clear she had a certain amount of confidence in her form, yet it was also clear that her anxiety had come into play. Her posture was perfect, standing with both feet planted into the ground, her back was completely straight and she constantly matched the gaze from my eyes. Yet it was her fingers that gave away her nervousness, how her fingers dug into her dress and the clicking of her nails between her thumb and middle finger filled the room. She was comfortable around me and around the stables, places and people she had seen previously, but this was a whole new experience for the young woman.

"Are you ready?" I questioned her, placing each item that was going on her body in a row in front of her. I wanted her to get the full picture of the pony attire.

She nodded, taking in each piece of clothing one after the other. It looked relatively daunting at this stage, with several pieces of leather restraints and buckles that seemed impossible for the wearer to have on and be able to move at the same time. At this stage it was only the latex suit that was the most welcoming, with the young woman anticipating the sensation of the cool material against her bare skin.

"It's scarier than it looks, I know," I laughed, lining up the hooved boots together, "It will feel much better when it's on, trust me."

"Yeah," she placed her hands together, all of her fingers squeezing against each other.

"Are you happy to start? We can give it a few minutes if you would like?"

"No, it's okay. We can begin."

"Great. Do you need help with your clothes at all?"

She turned around, "It unfastens around the back."

I pulled myself up to a standing position and approached her. Along her back was a selection of laces that tightened around the stomach area, almost like a corset design. I gently undid the lace, feeling the quality of the expensive material in my fingertips and made sure to unfasten it slowly to not damage anything.

She giggled lightly to herself.

"What's the matter?" I asked, chuckling slightly myself.

"Oh, it's nothing. Just realised that this is the first time a woman has undressed me."

"It's a strange feeling, isn't it?"

"You've been a pony before?"

I shook my head, "No, I have a girlfriend. I never thought I was into women before I met her. The first time I felt her hands take off my clothes… they were so soft and I had butterflies in my stomach."

The young woman went silent.

I continued, shaking my head at the words I had just said, "Sorry, probably more information than you wanted to know."

"No, it's sweet. You can carry on."

"In truth, I always have butterflies around Lily. When she cuddles up next to me, when she takes my hand… even when we are having a normal conversation."

"What about in the bedroom?"

Her question was blunt, but I could hear the genuine curiosity within her words. At this point the corset was fully undone, showing off the entirety of her back and the area just above her butt. The dimples of venus indicated how low the dress went, almost inviting me to travel further down.

I shook my head, "We haven't done that."

"Why not?"

"It's just never happened. We've slept together, well… slept in the same bed but haven't gone any further. I guess I feel like I am waiting…"

"Waiting for what?"

"I guess I am waiting for the right time. For when everything fits."

"Do you mind if I give you some advice?"

"Sure thing."

"You are not going to get anywhere by waiting. The best choices we make in life are from when we are least comfortable. If you are waiting for the stars to align, or when the feeling is right, you are going to be waiting years. Just take it the first chance you get, don't take anything else into consideration. Just take the plunge and you'll be grateful for it later."

I smiled and nodded, "Thank you for that, I will try."

"Have you been with anyone else?" she asked, bluntly.

"I did have an evening with Heather before she left. We experimented in some ways, but it wasn't enough to call it sex… Sorry, I'm dominating the conversation now. You're dress is undone."

"Thank you," she said, turning around and letting her arms out of her sleeves. In one quick motion, the dress fell all the way to her ankles, collapsing entirely on the floor like a giant rag. It seemed almost impossible it was the same dress seconds prior. She stood in front of me as if she was proud of the body she was hiding underneath. Her hands rested on her sides with one knee cocked forwards. Very little covered her thin form, no bra or covering over her breasts, small yet perky and extremely inviting and tempting to touch. White laced underwear adorned with several rose patterns did very little to hide her sex and a similarly coloured garter sat above it, clipped into thigh high stockings.

It was a very sexual scene in front of me. Somehow I imagined this was exactly what Lorelai was wearing underneath the expensive dress, but thinking it and seeing it were two completely different facts.

"Did you want to help me with this too?" The woman in front of me asked, her voice was calm and deep, hitting my ears in an inviting tone, "I have to be completely naked, don't I?"

"You do," I approached the woman, kneeling directly in front of her as I first focused on taking off the stockings.

The clip undid easily and material slid off her recently shaved legs without difficulty, the garter belt followed close behind and my fingers then reached up to the underwear. For some reason, I slowed down; expecting Lorelai to jump in and stop me. Maybe it would have been because she was nervous or too embarrassed, or perhaps even thinking this was too far between strangers, but she never did.

She kept the same pose as before, keeping her legs slightly open to help with the removal of the item.

I gripped the thin material and brought it down, revealing that her sex was shaved as well, and must have been shaven this morning before she came to the stables. The young woman giggled, her confident form broke slightly as she brought her legs together, allowing the reveal of a thigh gap that did nothing to hide her private area from view.

She brought her hands to her mouth before speaking, "I've never been completely naked in front of a woman before."

"Trust me. I'm used to it," I folded the see through panties and placed them on the pile with the rest of the clothing, "I've seen all my friends naked, you kinda get used to it."

She giggled nervously to herself. I noticed she had placed her hands behind her neck and allowed her forearms to hide her breasts from me, covering them from view. This was a nervous trait I had seen a few times before, but she was seemingly oblivious to the fact that her sex was entirely on show. Not even her legs had the ability to hide it whilst standing up and her clit was partially exposed, poking through her soft lips.

It made me chuckle, that despite trying to hide her nipples from me, her most vital point was staring me in the face.

"Did you want to get in the suit now?" I asked, holding up the shiny, silver material.

"Yes please," she replied, instantly dropping her arms to the side and showing off what they were hiding, her breasts even bounced lightly after the tight hold had ceased.

It was at this point that I noticed her hair was hanging loose around her shoulders, actually… it was something that had caught my attention as soon as we got to the square. I had no idea why it was only when she was naked that the thought of tying her hair up came to mind, it had to be tied up in order to go through the hood.

I took out the hair band that was holding my own hair in a ponytail, allowing my hair to fall down in a similar manner. I went behind the still nervous girl and took my time running my hand through it. It was almost as silky as the shirt she was wearing earlier, it was an almost impossible white blonde colour that I was extremely jealous of. It was almost disheartening to lock it away with the band. Lorelai did not complain once during the process of restraining it, and as soon as I was done I returned back to the silver suit beneath us.

I held the suit open, allowing her legs to pass through. It was much easier to place a girl into one of the summer outfits as the suit wasn't full-length, meaning I didn't have to go through the effort of making sure the latex was covered evenly over her limb and making sure it didn't cause her any discomfort. With her legs through, I pulled the suit up until it was tight against her butt then pulled her arms through, they too were on show so I was behind the woman and zipping the material up much quicker than I had planned.

"Oh… wow," The woman stuttered, feeling the latex tighten around her thin body.

I laughed, "Do you like it?"

"Yeah… that feels… wow."

I made sure the zip had fully sealed her in the outfit before I moved on to anything else. Watching the young woman place her hands around her body filled me with glee. There was something about seeing someone experience latex for the first time that was so addictive, as if it was a feeling beyond words.

"Okay, you're going to have to lift up your feet while I put these hooves on" I was going to talk her through the entire process, "It's just like wearing high heels, I'm sure you've experienced that before."

"Yes, many times."

I pulled her petite feet through the boot, not stopping until I could feel her toes touch the end. After zipping that up, I did the same with the other boot. She was smiling the entire time, looking around at the room around her.

I laughed again, "What's up?"

"I've never been this tall before," she stated through her smile, "It's nice."

"Well, you'll be getting used to it shortly. I'm going to put the gloves on next, your hand is going to want to make a fist when it reaches the end, don't fight it as you'll be gripping a handle at the end."

"…Okay."

She held her hand out, I could feel the anxiety still flowing through her as her fingers shook lightly before entering the leather item. I made sure to go as slowly as I could and give the young woman the time to make her hand comfortable. She was hyper focused the entire time, making soft noises with each sensation she had felt.

"There it is," she squeaked, making sure to make a fist and grab the handle at the end.

I then wasted no time zipping that item of clothing up, "Is that comfortable?" I asked as I picked up the other glove.

"Yeah… it is."

She held her arm out and let gravity cause her hand to fall, making something of a begging motion that cats and dogs usually do. For some reason, it was one of the first things any pony did once they felt the weight of the metal hoof and it was a pose they maintained throughout their time. Even Lily let the hooves hang loose as she moved and she had been here one of the longest. It was a cute motion, almost as if the ponies knew their hands were completely useless to them in that form. Lorelai let out a soft giggle as she brought power to her wrist, enough to raise her hand up just to let it drop once more. She did this over and over again as I reached down and grabbed the stomach harness. The action alone was enough to keep her preoccupied, enough for her to barely notice that I was walking around her and restraining her further.

I used the word 'restraining' very loosely, her waist was far too thin for the stomach harness to be of any use. The item itself was tight enough to stay on her form, but any pulling against it would easily pull it away from her.

Lorelai had almost completed her transformation into a full pony. The only part left has the hood with the gag attached. By this point, the fascination with her hoof had since gone and her attention was brought back to me. I unzipped the hood, showing the girl exactly what part of her head would fit where, how her hair would come out of the hole in the back and where the gag would sit in her mouth. She nodded each time I pointed towards something, taking in the information like a sponge.

Then I opened the hood and placed it over her hair, kneading her hair through as I made sure the gag found its place. The moment it was connected, Lorelai breathed out heavily, allowing the horse snort from the gag to echo throughout the room. I focused entirely on making sure it was all connected. Before I knew it, the woman was fully sealed within the suit.

"Done," I smiled, taking a step back to take a look at my masterpiece.

The young woman glanced over her new form, taking in the heavy items that were on her hands and feet, the beautiful silver material that covered her body and the black hood that restrained her head. I noticed she turned her head side to side, testing how far she could push the hood. Oddly, the mix of the silver suit, her pale white skin, black head, stomach and lower limbs and the beautiful blonde fair that flowed freely behind her mixed in really well, it was almost as if that suit was made for her, and not for…

I shook my head, trying to take the thought of my previous roommate out of my mind.

She gave me a smile behind the gag, ready to enjoy her day as a pony and interact with the world from behind everything that restrained her.

\*\*\*

It was the purple pony that greeted us first, the stable door was barely open before the familiar arms grabbed me and brought me into a tight hug. A collection of soothing coos emulated from the creature as she rubbed her cheek into my shoulder. It was Kathia. I should have expected that the first girl to greet me would have been the cuddle monster of the group, it had been nearly a week since we last saw each other and she was attached to all the people that worked and lived within the stables.

Despite taking me by surprise, it was a welcome greeting. The soft cushion that was her body was addicting to feet, I soon placed my arms around her too, nuzzling my nose into her neck as I accepted her greeting. I had only a few seconds to enjoy her company, I could not take too much time and attention away from the blonde haired girl, but it was lovely to have that comforting feeling back once more. With Kathia around, there wasn't anything that her hugs and attention could not fix.

I began to lightly pull away as I then placed my hands on her upper arms, pushing her with as little strength as I could muster until we were standing right in front of each other.

"I missed you," I whispered, rubbing my hands up and down.

She nodded as she brought her hooves together, clicking the two heavy rubber bits together. I then took a look around the square, the gates weren't open to the public at this point but the area was surrounded by the ponies, all ready in their full attire to start the day.

It was good to see them all, but understandably they maintained their distance. Kathia could not help but hug, it was her default mindset to wrap people up in her arms. Lily had made me aware that she told the entire group what I've been doing for the last week and that I wasn't in the best place mentally. She thought that it would make them understand my position and not overwhelm me when I eventually came back to work.

This seemed to do the trick, but now I found myself face-to-face with the entire group of ponies, staring at me from a distance and trying to figure out if it was safe to approach. Echoes of their hooved feet travelled throughout the area, Saffron and Abigail circled around me slowly, eyeing me up and down as if waiting for their cue to fuss over me, Lily kept true to her word and made herself comfortable on her usual spot, resting on the stone fountain. To my surprise, a blue pony stood close behind them, nervously pacing on the same spot.

It was Nicole. I audibly gasped. I should have guessed that they would have asked her to temporarily fill in for Heather, but it was a surprise nonetheless. She placed her hooves up, covering the bottom half of her face, as if scared of my reaction from seeing her stripped of her pet form.

"Nic?" I asked, taking a step forward.

Despite her awkward stance, the girl stepped forwards towards me too, her hooved feet clattering on the ground as she got closer to me. She was beautiful, I forgot how well the shining, blue suit fitted her tiny frame, showing off everything the girl had to offer despite covering her nakedness. The strong stance that restraints gave her did not translate to her pet outfit.

"Nicole!" I hummed, walking the rest of the way towards her before placing my arms around her.

Easily, my hands overlapped each other, gripping right between her shoulders. It felt so good to finally hold her in my arms once again, despite her never leaving the property, it felt as if I was meeting a friend I hadn't seen in a long time. She held me back, seemingly in as much awe as I was, seeing me back in the stables once more.

Saffron followed shortly afterwards, placing her hands on my back, then Abigail. Kathia was next, even bringing Lorelai along to join in on the group cuddle. Lily was last, slipping in right beside the blue pony. We might have been one person down, but it felt good to feel embraced by the group and everything felt right for a second.

\*\*\*

I shouldn't have been surprised by the fact Saffron was the first one to inspect the new girl. The stables were open to the public, the gate was unlocked and anyone could walk into the square at any moment, but there was no one waiting to be let in. This allowed us some free time to interact with each other without having to look professional in front of any clients that occupied one of the pony's time.

This also allowed the girls to give a good look at the woman wearing Heather's summer outfit. Whilst Lorelai was a client herself in some ways, to the rest of the girls she was just another pony, another woman who was restrained in the same bonds they were.

Saffron trotted around the poor girl, allowing the sound of her hooves clattering against the concrete ground to fill the air as she looked her up and down. Saffron could be intimidating when she wanted to be, her tall form and muscular physique was enough to scare anyone, even when restrained by the leather material. It wasn't until you get to know the woman behind the bondage that you realise how much of a softie she was, caring about all the girls equally as if they were her own sisters.

Somehow, Lorelai seemed somewhat unfazed by the ebony-skinned woman's glare, looking up at her with a sense of awe and wonder, as if amazed by how easily she was moving in the pony gear in comparison to her own struggles. Abigail was next, pushing past her lover before embracing the blonde haired girl in her arms and pushing her enormous breasts into her face.

The two women were complete opposites of each other, there was no denying that they cared deeply for everyone here, but the way they expressed their love was completely different. Despite not caring about how intimidating the first woman was, it was clear Lorelai was enjoying the gentle touch of Abigail more, along with the sexual tone she automatically gave off.

I had left the girls to it. I was sure Kathia was next, embracing the new woman in a similar fashion to Abigail, yet her hugs were much tighter and more needy, holding Lorelai like an equal rather than someone who needed caring for, and I was sure Nicole would have her own turn. Potentially coming up to the silver pony whilst she was in the arms of the purple one, feeling relatively confident with the addition of someone else in the space so not all eyes were on her.

I rested on the fountain, sitting a short distance away from the rest of the women. Allowing this bonding to happen naturally between the animals without any human interference, but close enough that I could take Lorelai away if she gets too overwhelmed by the interactions with the women. Another reason why I took a seat on the fountain was to be close to the green pony, who went straight there the moment she was placed fully within the restraints. Whilst I was keeping an eye on the new woman, her words from earlier seemed to linger in my head, about not waiting for my time with Lily.

I understood what she meant. I knew if I continued to wait, then the time I was expecting would never come. It was never going to feel like the correct time to take our relationship to the next level, especially now as my life was so messed up and missing a piece. Lily deserves better than that, better than a sexless relationship with a woman who was feeling sorry for herself, unable to leave her bed for an entire week due to recent events.

I shuffled my body along the brickwork of the fountain, trying to edge myself closer to her. Lily was already lying on top of the wall, with her hand hooves making a temporary pillow. Her eyes were closed, but I could tell she wasn't asleep, just resting her eyes and taking in the warmth of the morning sun. She was so beautiful. As I stared down towards her, taking in the natural beauty that was locked behind the layer of leather, I couldn't help but brush my hand lightly against her cheek, not only admiring the form that took my company, but admiring the woman behind the restraints; the woman who didn't give up on me.

Her eyes gently opened, taking a short moment to get used to the bright day. Then, her sight travelled up towards me and welcomed me with a beautiful smile. She deserved so much, but I knew I had been nothing but a burden since Heather left. I couldn't take care of myself, let alone think about her needs. I wanted… I needed to pay her back in some way, show her that I care about her and want to make up for the week of being a zombie.

"I expected it to be busier," a voice came from the side of me, making me jump slightly.

I looked up and was greeted by Harriet's familiar form. She had her hands on her hips as she inspected the group of curious women, all staring and touching the new silver pony. At this point, Kathia was hugging her from behind, whilst Nicole had both of her arms around Lorelai's left bound hand. Saffron and Abigail took a step back from their respective roles and just enjoyed the social interaction of the three younger women.

Harriet continued, "Sorry, if I knew it was going to be this quiet, I wouldn't have asked you to come in so urgently."

"It's okay," I nodded, "You never know, there might be an influx of clients at any moment."

"That's true." Finally, the woman turned towards me, her hands remaining in place, "How have you been doing?"

"I'm okay, I'm… getting there."

"You took Heather's leaving hard, but that's understandable."

"Yeah, sorry… it's so quiet at my place now, I keep expecting to hear her voice, but she's never there." I continued stroking Lily's face, at this point she placed her arms around mine to keep it in place, making sure I continue with the physical contact, "I'm sorry for being away…"

"Oh, don't apologise. We all mourn in our own way. It was unexpected… which probably made it worse. Have you heard from her at all?"

I shook my head, "No, not a single text. I did try calling her, but it went to voicemail, it didn't even ring."

"She's going through a tough time. All we can do is wait for her to come into contact with us" Her mood lightened as she noticed my depressed look, "She'll be back before you know it. Trotting around in that silver suit of hers, being bossed around by Jade. Everything will go back to the way things were."

"I hope so. I really do."

I glanced back down, Lily's eyes were carefully scanning me, making sure I was okay talking about the friend that walked away from us. I smiled lightly, letting her know that I was better than I was. It still hurt whenever Heather was brought up in conversation, but not nearly as much as it did when it first happened.

I took my eyes off her, giving my attention back to the older woman in front of us, "Harriet? Do you mind if I take Lily for a short while?"

"Oh yeah, Of course not. Lorelai seems to be occupied and Beth is around if I need her, just bring Lily back if I call you. If that's okay?"

"Yeah, that's fine. Thank you."

I jumped up, taking the hooved hand of my lover and pulled her off the fountain. It wasn't as tough as I thought it would be, taking her away from her favourite spot. Curiosity seemed to get the better of her and she was more than happy to follow me out of the square just to figure out what I needed. Instead of using the reins to move her around, I placed my hand around her wrist and walked out with her, acting as if we were holding hands. Her boots clicked across the concrete ground, filling the rather silent square with the noise of us making our escape, but luckily the rest of the ponies were too preoccupied with the new girl to care about our absence.

Wind blew through my hair as soon as we left the security of the square, with the view of fields in front of us, I was more than happy to walk Lily further and further away from everyone, but I settled on taking her to one of the paddocks. Staying close enough to hear Harriet or Beth if needed, but far away to feel like we were on our own.

The natural ground seemed to be like a second home for Lily, taking a short time to run around the small space as I closed the gate behind us. It was a location where she had taken several clients to enjoy her company as well as the beauty of the outside space. I made sure the gate was properly closed, shaking the wooden frame a few times before I turned around. At this point the girl had stopped her little exercise and had trotted up close to me. I could tell she was curious as to why I took her away from the square, away from the eyes of the others , but I could not tell if the curiosity was from her pony side or her human side, which were two completely different actions.

As she was a pony, she had the inability to talk to me and ask me what was on my mind and the reasoning for our leave, so she cocked her head slightly to the left, pushing her neck as far as the restraints would allow. If she was a human, she would be able to talk with me, reason with me regarding the ideas that were in my head. I could fall into her arms and not care about the subjects that worried me as she would take control of the situation.

However, despite being away from the others and only in my company, the pony side of Lily stayed. She allowed her breath to travel through the gag and bring out that horse snort the contraption made, she placed her hooves in front of her in a begging position, making her look so helpless and adorable. It was clear why she was so popular with the clients.

I pulled my arms around her, placing my hands on the small of her back; embracing her, yet keeping eye contact at the same time. She squeaked, causing a rush of air to exit her nose as I got in close. Slowly, I could see the horse mindset escape her and the human side of her come through, realising that it was my girlfriend I needed at that time, not the cute, pony exterior.

"Can I…?" I barely asked the question, taking my hands away from her body and placing my fingers near her gag. She knew immediately what I wanted and lowered her head, allowing me full access to the back of her hood.

My fingertips brushed the metal clasp that held the gag in place, it had become second nature to remove these items from the ponies bodies that it was undone quicker than I had imagined it would be. The two leather straps hung freely, I wasted no time taking it fully away from her head and placing it into one of my pockets for safekeeping, not wanting it to fall onto the dirty floor.

The green pony smiled at me, the removal of the gag allowed me to see both rows of shining white teeth. Even though the gag was placed in less than an hour ago, Lily immediately began licking her lips, trying to get used to being a human once more.

"What's all this for?" she asked, her voice had a slight joking tone to it.

I returned my hands to the small of her back, embracing her close, "I just wanted a little alone time with you, is that so bad?"

"It's not. But the whole reason you are here is to take care of Lorelai? Should you have left her alone with the rest of the girls? You know she doesn't stand a chance against them"

"I know. She'll be fine, they are just curious. She'll be running around with them in no time, plus Harriet is with them, so nothing bad will happen."

"If you say so."

"I do. Plus, I already have a pony I need to take care of. Something that i've been holding back on."

She smiled again, "…and what's that?"

I held her closer, bringing her in for a full hug and placing my mouth just by her ear, "I've wanted to wait for this and I know now is definitely not the best time… but if not now, then when?"

"Chloe? What are you talking…?"

I pressed my lips against hers which stopped her sentence immediately. Her lips were so soft and inviting, making me want more of her. I felt the heaviness of her hooves against my back, she brought her arms up until they were resting on top of my shoulders, holding me into her as tightly as possible as she savoured every moment of that embrace.

I brought my lips away for just a second, "I need this." My voice was breathless, as if I had just ran a marathon. Lily was laughing as our lips touched once more, this time her grip got even tighter as she pulled me further towards the ground. Within seconds I felt the soft touch of the grass underneath the green pony's body.

"I was thinking candles, lovely music, rose petals," Lily said between kisses, "I was thinking of how this would happen, I was expecting it in the bedroom…"

I pulled myself away and began to travel down her body. I planted kisses every second as I moved, taking my lips from hers, to her chin, down her neck and then over her latex green body, not stopping until I had reached the spot that was most sensitive for her.

As I did this, she continued talking, "I was expecting to be fully naked, with full control over my body. The TV on in the background but the sound so quiet that we can't hear what's being played on it… oh… oh god…"

Her hands gently travelled to the back of my head, keeping me in place whilst my tongue found her sex, only the thin layer of latex separating our touch, but thin enough that Lily could feel every movement regardless. We were lost in the moment, the moment that I could not wait for anymore. We didn't even notice the selection of horse ears poking up from behind the wooden fence, curious as to what we were up to.
