---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Tsunami Appeal
authors:
- Jenny Bonici
tags:
- M/f
- MF+
- club
- party
- naked
- bond
- cuffs
- cross
- neck-corset
- gag
- dildo
- insert
- fucking-machine
- display
- fund-raiser
- tease
- crayons
- bodypaint
- multi-climax
- cons
- X
date: 2005-12-12 00:00:00
---

Although the monthly bondage party was in full swing the main topic of conversation seemed to be the pictures that had filled the TV screens throughout the day showing the utter devastation in Indonesia and Thailand caused by the tsunami. Just about everyone had a story to tell - one couple had just returned from a holiday in now almost destroyed Phuket, another had recently been diving off the Maldives and one girl who had relatives in Galle in Sri Lanka had tried unsuccessfully to contact them but all she could do was pray that they were safe. The outcome of all this concern was that it was decided that there would be a special bondage party the following week to raise money to send to one of the aid organisations now rushing to help the injured and homeless. To raise some extra money it was also decided to there would be a fee charged for each flogging, use of equipment or a private room and so on. It was then that Jason, one of the organisers, said that he’d got a great idea for another way to raise some extra cash and he wanted a volunteer. He promised that whoever volunteered was sure of a night they would never forget. Nobody rushed to put their hands up.

It was then that one of the girls standing near me said, “Come on Jenny, you’re always a great one for helping out in a crisis, you volunteer.” I made a few weak excuses but a few others joined in and urged me to put my hand up. “OK,” I said reluctantly, “I’ll volunteer. What’s involved?” I didn’t get an answer other than, “Don’t you worry about that, just be here early next week.”

Before the party the following week I got a call from Jason to check that I hadn’t chickened out. When I said that I’d be there as promised Jason told me to be there by seven thirty so he could get things organised before the folk started arriving. As the first people usually didn’t arrive until about eight, with most not arriving until after nine, I wondered just what I’d let myself in for.

When I got to the club Jason was waiting for me in the foyer and greeted me with a kiss and, “OK, let’s get you ready. We haven’t long before the mob come streaming through that door.”

“Where do you want me to go?” I asked.

“Nowhere,” was his reply, “Just stay here and take off all your gear.”

It was now pretty obvious even to little me that the wooden cross on its heavy base that was standing in the foyer had something to do with his plans. How right I was!

“Come over here by this cross,” he ordered as soon as I was standing in my birthday suit, “I’ll look after your clothes when I’ve finished getting you ready.”

“Here you are, put these on,” he said as he tossed over some leather cuffs. I buckled them round each wrist and ankle but I still had two over. “What do I do with these?” I asked. “Put them on your arms above your elbows then stand in front of the cross.”

He soon had my wrists and elbows stretched out either side of me and lashed to the horizontal member of the cross. Next he buckled a wide leather bondage belt around my waist. “God, not so tight!” I protested. “It accentuates your figure,” was all I got in reply as he tightened it even more. Then he slipped a length of rope through the D-rings on the belt and lashed me to the post.

“Now for your trim little ankles,” he said picking up a couple of snap links. I had thought that he was going to bind my ankles to the post but instead he used the snap links to secure them to rings near the edge of the baseboard.

“Come on, open wide,” he said as he picked up a black leather neck corset and gag. I opened my mouth as wide as I could but he still had to push the fat ball of the gag past my teeth. He wrapped the corset part round my neck and laced it up, pulling the laces as hard as he could without strangling me. With it tightly laced into place plus the bones in the corset and the leather covering the lower part of my face meant that I could hardly move my head at all.

He glanced at his watch then fondled my nipples and said, “I’d better get a move on, the first people should be arriving in a few minutes. But you’re really going to enjoy the next bit!” With that he went off into another room.

“Now what is he going to get?” I thought. With the prospect of people about to stream through the door in front of me at any moment, I had never felt so vulnerable in all my life. Here I was, naked as the day I was born, lashed to a cross with my arms stretched out, my legs wide apart, a fat gag filling my mouth stopping any protest and my tits and pussy exposed for anyone to play with.

When he came back he was carrying two black boxes and some electrical leads. He put the larger of the two boxes down between my legs and fixed it to the bottom of the post. At this time Kiana arrived to get the reception desk organised. Jason turned to her and asked, “Have you any KY Jelly on you? After a bit of playful banter Kiana fetched a large jar of the stuff. Now I really did begin to worry as he started to massage KY Jelly into my pussy. Something was shortly going to be put up there. I didn’t have to wait long to find out what - a large life-like penis on a stick. Although I could not bend my head to look down, I realised that a penis on a stick and a large black box meant only one thing - a fucking machine.

I hmmmphed in protest as the penis pushed its way into me and he connected the shaft to something on the black box. The penis slowly slid in and out a few times as he made some adjustments down below. Next he plugged the box into the mains, flicked a switch and the penis started rhythmically fucking me. He made a few more adjustments until its motion was at a slow and steady beat. Then he switched it off and plugged the fucking machine into the second black box. A few more adjustments and another trial run and he was satisfied with his handiwork.

He disappeared into the other room yet again, this time to return with a large sign. Before he propped it up in front of the fucking machine he held it up so that I could read it. It said in large letters:

FOR THE TSUNAMI VICTIMS
MAKE JENNY HAPPY
$2 FOR 30 SECONDS

With the sign in place he folded up my clothes and took them away. But before he left he put his hand in his pocket and slipped a couple of $2 coins into the slot. As the machine burst into life he fingered my clit and said, “Enjoy your evening.”

Then it was Kiana’s turn to get into the spirit of fund raising. She put a box of sticks of stage make-up on the desk and a sign that read:

TRY YOUR BODY PAINTING SKILLS
BRIGHTEN JENNY’S LIFE
$2 A TIME

Who needs friends when you’ve got someone like Kiana near at hand?

After that first $4 worth I was already getting hot and working towards a climax. Then the machine stopped with the penis thrust deep inside me and I was left unfulfilled. But it had hardly ceased doing its work when the front door swung open and the first group of customers arrived. I quickly became the centre of attention and the boys dug into their pockets to find $2 pieces. “If you need some change I have plenty here,” Kiana piped up from behind the desk. Even the girls got into the act and soon fistfuls of coins were clinking into the box. The machine cranked back into life and the audience in the foyer stood around and watched as I reached the first of many orgasms I was to have that night.

Over the next couple of hours people arrived in a steady stream and everyone was eager to make a contribution to the tsunami fund - so that huge slippery dong kept doing its work. After 30 minutes I think that enough money had been dropped through the slot to keep the machine throbbing away until at least midnight. But people kept arriving and more and more $2 pieces clinked into the box. Each time I had an orgasm it was the sign for feeding it with more coins. With my waist securely pinioned to the post and my legs stretched wide there was no way that I could get away from the attentions of that shaft that filled my pussy.

Kiana’s greasepaint also got a lot of customers and more and more graffiti decorated my body. Very early in the evening I had acquired a red nose and bright green nipples. It was not long before budding artists were having difficulty finding a blank piece of skin on which to write their comments or do their drawings (both of which were usually rude).

Kiana was a darling really for she made sure that I did not dry out and that the penis was kept well lubricated with KY Jelly. After about eleven thirty then the new arrivals slowed to a trickle, she would turn off the machine for a few minutes to give me a break. But as soon as someone else came in and put more coins in the slot, the fucking would start again.

It was well after 1am before the last person came in and Kiana finally switched the machine off for good. She came over and gently eased the penis out of my pussy then released me from the cross and removed my neck corset and gag. To say that after over 5 hours I was completely fucked would be an understatement! I desperately needed to visit the bathroom to relieve myself and get all the grease paint off, but to do this I had to go through the other rooms. As I entered I got a standing ovation.

Before I could continue on my way to the bathroom Jason called out, “Just a moment everybody, Kiana has just counted up the money that Jenny has raised tonight. The fucking machine raised $580 – that’s 290 minutes or nearly 5 hours of sheer pleasure for Jenny - and the body painting a further $94, making a grand total of $674. A terrific effort all round. Kiana tells me that she lost count of the number of orgasms that Jenny had while raising all this money.” Another rather embarrassing round of applause, then Jason went on to say, “I think that we should give her some reward for her efforts, so she can keep the neck corset and ball gag as a memento of tonight.”

Now I really had to get to the bathroom before I embarrassed myself!
