---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/jill_owned_by_her_roommate.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Jill Owned by her Roommate
authors:
- TagsAPoppin
tags:
- F+/f
- slave
- bond
- gag
- flogger
- oral
- mast
- cuffs
- dungeon
- blindfold
- maid
- cons
- XX
date: 2026-03-19 00:00:00
---

After a year of college in the dormitory where roommates are assigned and not chosen, Jill, now 19 felt that she’d like to have a roommate that would be a better match. Jill got along with her first year roommates, but none really became friends. They all had their own separate interests.

Jill never thought of herself as hot or beautiful, but her lovers would dispute that. They would consider her very sexy with her short blond hair, blue eyes and firm C/D cup tits with pointy nipples with well defined pink areolas. She always kept her slave cunt bald as would be required of her by an owner, she imagined.

Jill went to college because it was the thing to do, not that she had a particular career goal. Her parents wanted her to have a full liberal arts education and they insisted she attend the college and paid for everything so she didn’t have financial limitations. Jill’s parents were a pair of lawyers who worked in the same law firm and had very little time for Jill. Their careers were their focus and just let Jill have what she wanted.

Jill didn’t date much, but she did get picked up at local bars and would go to bed with both men and women who hit on her with little resistance. She looked at herself as property to be used by whoever she was with, whether or not the partner of the moment knew about her submissiveness. She wasn’t worried about being thought of as a slut. She was a slut needing to be a slave and she knew it.

As the second year was getting ready to start, Jill looked at the idea of joining sororities but the Greek life wasn’t what she really wanted. Sure, she’d enjoy the sororities, and the parties they’d bring and the friends she’d make but that wasn’t enough. Jill had a need that she couldn’t deny her secret fantasy that was so strong it was set to take over her life. She needed to be owned as a slave.

The problem was not recognizing her fantasies were now needs and only becoming stronger. The problem was not telling her parents about her sexual needs. Jill was always open with her Mom about her sex life and her Mom was always supportive, even with the kinky aspects. Apparently, her parents enjoyed the BDSM lifestyle themselves. They didn’t hide it from Jill, though Jill was never invited to join them.

Jill thought about her friends that might be good roommate candidates. There were a couple that stood out as potential matches but she needed to know more. These friends she knew were either lesbian or bisexual, so that wasn’t a problem. She knew that they were attracted to Jill sexually and they even had some hot encounters with them. She enjoyed them a lot. What she didn’t know about them was if they would be willing to enslave her.

She knew she’d have to reveal her inner self to them to find out. Jill decided to talk to both of them to see if they’d go for it. Jill already had rented a house near the campus and was having it renovated to include three bedrooms, each with a bathroom, a typical living room and kitchen, and a special playroom in the large basement. The playroom was a full dungeon that included two cells for holding slaves.

Two weeks before the semester started and the house would be ready. All Jill needed was her roommate. Jill even built the house to have the potential for multiple roommates but they would all have to dominate her. Jill expected to be living in the cell in the dungeon and let out only to go to classes. That was her fantasy, she was wanting to be real.

Jill called Ann first. She was also a second year student in the same major as Jill. They were good friends and they often met to study together the first year. Their study sessions often became sexual explorations of each other’s bodies.

Ann’s looks were exotic. She was a raven haired beauty standing 5’8” with an athletic, yet shapely build. Her features and heritage made her look like a 20 yr old version of Cher with her long straight hair which she left flowing around her shoulders. Her tits were firm yet only B cup, but had nipples that grew into little bullets when touched.

“Hi Ann, how is your summer going?”

Ann responded with a bit of what she’d been doing during the summer including telling her friend about a vacation abroad that she recently returned from to Europe.

“The best part of my trip was Amsterdam, they’re so open sexually. I really had my eyes opened about things. Remember when we’d be together talking after our sexy fun? I remember how you mentioned being open to kinky things. Well I really learned about alternate sexual lifestyles and kinky sex in Amsterdam. I went to some clubs and it was great.”

“Oh, really, were they the famous bondage clubs I’ve read about?”

“Yea, they were great. I couldn’t believe people were so comfortable with it all, but I got to try out a lot of things that I wondered about. Maybe when we get back to school, we can do some of what I saw and tried there with you.”

Jill was really beginning to think Ann would be a perfect roommate in terms of her openness of sexual fantasies and her interest in BDSM. She decided she needed to know more to see which side of the whip Ann fell.

“Really, I wish I could go to a club like that sometime. You know I’m more of a sub, so I’d need to go on someone’s leash I’m sure. Did you go as a slave on someone’s leash?”

“I did the first time I went to the club. I went with someone I met there. It was just a casual thing but I was collared on a leash. My friend said I had to be that way even if I was just a curious tourist to keep the Doms from taking me as a slave. “

“I’d really like to see you on a leash. Were you naked?”

“Not naked, but revealing. I went but didn’t like being leashed. The second time, I went as a dominant with my friend as my slave on a leash. I liked that much more. I think I’m a dom and would want to go down that path.”

“I guess, if we got together this semester, I’d be your naked slave within a week.”

“Definitely!”

“That’s why I called. You know I didn’t really like the dorms last year. I decided to set up a house near the campus for me and maybe a couple of select roommates who would be compatible to my needs.”

“What needs?”

“Well, aside from someone who I could be friends with, and someone who I could study with, but someone who would own me and train me to be their slave.”

“Really, you want to be a real slave? You want me to dominate you?”

“Yes, I think I’d love to be wearing your collar. Do you think you’d like to own a woman like me?”

“Truthfully, it sounds like a great fantasy, but I’m not sure about how it would be in reality. I’d be willing to try though. I’m in if you want me. You said the house might have other roommates too? How would that work?”

“All roommates would be either dominant women or slaves like me. There are three bedrooms, each with their own bathroom. Each of them would have furniture like any other dorm room, a bed, a desk, etc. It would also have a slave cage under the bed if they wanted to have their slave close by. The basement has a large dungeon with two cells. I would use one of the cells as my bedroom and I’d be kept there naked and live as a slave down there. I’d only be out to go to class.“

The two girls continued to go into the details of how things would work and getting set up to move in. Ann and Jill decided that a housekeeper would need to be hired to handle the cleaning and would be there to handle Jill in the dungeon while Ann and any other roommates were not there. Jill agreed and said she’d find one.

Jill thought about her other friend, Joyce who also was in Jill’s major and who also played with Jill sexually. Jill looked back on their past semester with Joyce and thought that she’d be a possible compatible roommate. Jill remembered seeing a pair of handcuffs in Joyce’s room and she now regrets not asking Joyce about them then. Now would be the chance and she dialled Joyce’s number.

“Hi Joyce, it’s me Jill from last year. How was your summer?”

Joyce was a more reserved, shyer brunette 19 year old standing 5’5”. Her body was not skinny, nor heavy, fairly average. Her C cup tits moved well under her shirt when she went bra-less, which was normal for her. She loved her tits and liked showing them off. A confirmed lesbian, she enjoyed kinks on both sides of the whip. While she had experience dominating some of her lovers when she was in high school, once she got to college, she was more submissive with her more recent lovers including Ann many times, though Jill didn’t know.

“Oh, Hi Jill, it was fine. I worked as a waitress and did a few days at the beach. Not much else.”

“Are you going back to the dorms next semester? I’m not. I decided to set up a house and live off campus with a few compatible roommates.”

“I guess so, I hadn’t really thought about it. My parents were handling all that, but off campus would be great. Do you think I could be one of your roommates? What type of compatibility are you looking for?”

“Well, we’re already friends and in the same major, so that’s all good, but the most important aspect is, well, let’s see. I have a question about something I saw last year in your room. I saw a pair of handcuffs on your bedside table. Were they to hold you? Or were they to hold me, if you had your chance?”

“Oh, wow, I didn’t know you saw those. Well, I guess I have to admit I’m into kinky sex like I know you are. I sometimes did some self bondage and enjoyed that, but I also thought I’d want to cuff you sometime, maybe after getting drunk you’d be my captive and I’d ravish you.”

“I wish you had done that. Maybe you’ll get me cuffed next semester. I’d like that for sure. Are you interested in living an alternate lifestyle cantering on me being a full time sex slave owned by my roommates who would train me to their kinky desires and use me? I already have Ann signed up to be one of my owners.”

“Count me in.”

Joyce asked a few more questions about the arrangements and Jill felt more and more comfortable with having two owners. It was settled, two roommates and the third bedroom would go to the household helper who would do the cooking and cleaning as well as facilitating Jill’s slavery.

Now that Jill had her roommates, the last thing she needed to get was the household helper to do the cooking and cleaning, but would also help ensure Jill was kept naked and bound while in the house yet would permit her to do her studies. Jill accepted the idea that she’d be available to be used by this person as well, that was part of being a house slave.

Jill decided to talk to her Mom about this because she wanted to take her friend and family maid to fulfil this job. The maid, Juanita, was a mid thirties Hispanic woman who was not only devoted to the family and had been a long time employee, but was also quite hot herself. Jill and Juanita would often enjoy each other and she was Jill’s confidant. Jill hoped her Mom would agree, but was concerned about her parents needing to replace her in the household.

“Mom, things are going well about getting my house set up at school. I’ve already got two roommates set up. What I need now is a household helper who would do the cooking and cleaning, but would also manage me and keep me safe during all the sexual games that I’m planning. Do you think I could take Juanita? She would be perfect.”

Jill’s mom thought about it. She knew the plans Jill had and didn’t want to get in the way. After some thought she finally agreed. She and her husband had also used Juanita sexually, but they couldn’t refuse Jill anything. It would be fine for her and her husband to replace Juanita in their home and their beds. Some new younger blood would be welcome. She knew her husband had a wandering eye, and cock to match based on their swinging activities, so he’d be happy to get a new young sex toy to be their maid.

Jill then asked Juanita and she readily agreed to help. She had been Jill’s safety partner in her self bondage sessions and would routinely release her. She was also one of Jill’s lesbian lovers so she was happy to do this for her friend.

Juanita, a beautiful Latina of Brazilian descent, was a truly hot import from Rio De Janeiro when she was 20. She stood 5’6” with lovely curves and D tits. She dressed conservatively in public, but in private with her employers she dressed to kill sexy and Jill’s parents both enjoyed her body fully. Juanita was fully bi and willing to use her body to enjoy life.

She and Jill also became lovers over the years, though nothing serious until now that she was going to be her house helper. Juanita, during the summer after Jill’s first college year would often swat Jill’s ass and encourage her submission. She was always Jill’s safety partner during Jill’s self bondage sessions, and would sometimes put Jill in bondage when Jill wanted to have someone dominate her.

Now that everything was set, it was just to wait for the start of school. Jill and Juanita moved in two days later about ten days before school was to start. They got everything set up. She and Juanita went to the city to the BDSM shops to get their equipment and toy needs filled. She bought all the cuffs, collars, whips, dildos, butt plugs, nipple clamps, ropes, and other things that may be needed. She also had some wooden items like a rack, St Andrew’s cross, a whipping post, and some other related items. All would be delivered before the two roommates would arrive.

Jill had plans to be bound naked in the dungeon bound to the St Andrew’s cross when her roommates arrived to set the stage for the house. Both roommates would be picked up at the airport by Juanita who had made the travel arrangements. A letter to each new Mistress was to be pinned to each of Jill’s nipples, one for each of them.

A third document was the house rules that would be enforced by Juanita. It was pinned to Jill’s clit hood. Because Juanita was going to be out of the house, Jill was not gagged, but a gag was strapped around her neck ready to be inserted as soon as Juanita returned.

Fortunately, all the flights were on time and there were no delays in baggage claim. Juanita easily recognized the girls and brought them to the limo rented for the occasion. Juanita introduced herself and told them about her history with the family and with Jill. She told them as they arrived to put their things in their rooms, spend an hour unpacking, then to meet in the living room.

An hour later, Ann and Joyce joined Juanita in the living room. They asked about where Jill was and Juanita told them, “Let’s go see Jill in her room. She’s ready for the fun to begin.”

Downstairs to the basement they went. Juanita gave each girl a key to the basement door as she unlocked it. She opened the door and the room was totally dark. Juanita turned on the light and Jill was blinded by the sudden light as her new roommates gasped at the sight of Jill bound stark naked to the St Andrew’s cross. Jill said nothing as Juanita put the gag in her mouth very unceremoniously and showed the girls their letters.

Ann reached for her letter, but let her hands roam Jill’s body as well, swatting her too. Ann’s letter was opened and she read it aloud.

The letter said:

“Mistress Ann,

I, Jill, have placed my body and soul in your hands to own me, train me to your desires, discipline me as you see fit, and to use me as your personal slave. I hope you share me with Joyce who can also help you train and use me. If Joyce wishes, when she is in a submissive mood, also submit to you, same as me. That’s up to Joyce. Juanita will help you train me and will enforce your rules as long as they don’t go against the house rules attached to my clit. Enjoy me to the fullest, Mistress.”

Joyce similarly opened her letter and read it aloud. The letter said:

“Mistress Joyce,

I, Jill, property of Mistress Ann, have placed my body and soul to her as her slave. I hope she will let you help train me, discipline me, and use me. I know I cannot have more than one owner at a time. That is why Ann is my owner, but as a fellow roommate you have access to me as well. You and Ann will agree on what that will mean, but I hope she will enlist you to help her. At those times you feel like being submissive, I hope you will give your body to Ann as well and you can join me in the dungeon as a sister slave. Enjoy.”

Then Juanita removed the third letter from Jill’s clit and read it aloud. The letter of house rules said:

“House Rules

1. Juanita will be the sole decision maker regarding house rules and any changes.
2. Juanita will be the enforcer of all rules. These rules are for the safety and security of all of us living in this house and to ensure our lifestyle goes on unencumbered.
3. Ann will be the sole owner of Jill unless she relinquishes this role. If that occurs, Juanita will decide Jill’s ownership going forward, but Jill’s slavery will continue unabated.
4. No permanent harm will be done to Jill or any other submissive. If a permanent marking or body modification was to be made, Jill’s owner and Juanita must agree to what, where, how and when such modification will be implemented. Jill has no rights in this regard.
5. Jill will be allowed out of the house only for attending class and related activities without supervision.
6. Jill will be allowed to be taken out of the house by her owner as the owner desires. The only limits would be that Jill cannot be arrested or her family embarrassed by such excursion.
7. Juanita is in charge of the house and will have the right to use Jill’s body as she likes, when she likes as long as it doesn’t go against Jill’s owner’s wishes.”

Ann and Joyce both readily agreed to the house rules and Ann hugged Joyce while her hands also roamed Joyce’s tits saying, “I’m sure this will work out great. When you want to submit to me just come and kneel naked before me and beg to be collared.”

Joyce smiled and responded, “Yes Mistress.”

Ann went over to Jill and probed her slave cunt to see how wet she was. She was gushing and she came as Ann’s fingers entered Jill. Joyce went over to a chair next to where Juanita sat and the two women talked a bit, getting to know each other as they watched Ann with her slave.

Ann was unsure what to do with her slave. She’s never owned a slave before. She really hasn’t done serious domination before Jill, but she thought she’d love owning Jill. Ann put Jill stretched out spread eagled on the wall of the dungeon. She played with her dripping slave cunt, tasting her juices from time to time.

Ann walked over and sat next to Joyce and began to look at her with sexual interest. Her hand went to Joyce’s left tit and played with her nipple with a playful pinch. Joyce moaned and let Ann have her. Ann then played with Joyce’s other tit as well, then bent her over into a hot kiss. Ann began to enjoy Joyce as Joyce melted into Ann’s arms.

“Let’s go upstairs and check out my room,” Ann whispered to Joyce.

Both girls got up and left the basement together to make out in Ann’s room. Juanita looked over at helpless Jill. Ann said to Juanita as she left, “Enjoy her and feel free to discipline her as you like.” Juanita smiled and said, “Yes, ma'am.”

Juanita went over to Jill and fondled her charge on her tits as well as her cunt. Juanita touched her gently as well as pinched her nipples.

“Jill, are things going as you wanted?”

“Yes Mistress Juanita, things are perfect. Please don’t think of me as anything other than Ann’s slave that you will help train and use. I know mom has asked you to protect me, but please don’t protect me too much. I’m a slave with no rights.”

“Jill, we’ll see how things go, but I’ll respect your fantasies and what you want, but I work for your parents and will do what they want. Who knows, maybe your parents may come and see how you’re doing and may even want to use your body. What do you think of your parents using you?”

“I’m a slave and will submit to anyone who is allowed to use me, even my parents if Mistress Ann, my owner, orders it.”

“Very well, Slave.”

Juanita began to enjoy her slave and put the ball gag into her mouth. She then proceeded to whip Jill with no mercy across her tits. Fifty strokes on each tit with a flogger followed by several across her gushing slave cunt. Juanita didn’t hold back and Jill’s body was quite red as she took her down and caged her after removing the gag then she turned off the light leaving Jill in the cage, naked, with her hands still bound behind her back. Juanita then went up to get a drink then go to bed.

Ann and Joyce were up in Ann’s room. Ann had the master bedroom which was fairly large and well decorated. The bed was a queen size which held two slave cages underneath it, side by side with a wall between so two slaves housed there could not see each other. A camera was attached to the ceiling of each cage so Ann could watch what the slave was doing and monitor any masturbation that may occur so it can be punished, or she could just enjoy watching.

Ann was making love to Joyce, not as a dominant, but as a lover. Joyce enjoyed fucking Ann. They fell asleep in the bed and slept till morning. Ann woke to Joyce getting up, still fully naked and went over to the window to look out. She looked over at Ann who looked at Joyce and they smiled. Ann then snapped her fingers at Joyce. Joyce went over to Ann, then knelt by her bed and said, “How may I serve you this morning Mistress?”

“Joyce, you will help me train our slave. For now, let’s keep your status as my slave just between us. In time, I’ll openly own you both. I need to be sure Juanita will help me and not just be a spy for Jill’s parents. I plan to dominate her as well. She may be more of a challenge. I sense a dominant streak in her.”

“Mistress, I understand. I hope you can get her on your side quickly so you can use me openly.”

Ann and Joyce then got up and went downstairs for breakfast. Juanita had already gotten up and made breakfast. She had prepared a breakfast in dog dishes for Jill and was about to take them down to the dungeon when Ann and Joyce walked in.

“Good morning, ma'am, I was just going to feed the slave in the dungeon unless you’d rather I brought her up to grovel at your feet.”

“Bring her here so she can service us while we eat. She can eat after she pleases us with her tongue.”

Juanita put the food dishes on the floor then went to get slave Jill.

Joyce smiled and said, “Can I pleasure you before Jill gets here, Mistress?”

“You may, but be quick. If you get caught we’ll just let on that we’re just enjoying some lesbian fun since it’s all girls here and definitely a sex haven.”

Joyce quickly went down on Ann and licked her pussy to an orgasm with Ann’s hands encouraging her. Joyce returned to her chair just as Juanita led slave Jill on a leash into the dining room. She put her on her knees next to Ann.

“Slave, this is your first full day as my slave. You will never eat before me. While I eat you will service my pussy and give me at least two orgasms before you will be allowed to eat. I may order you to pleasure Joyce or Juanita and you will do as you are told without delay or complaint. Understand, slave?”

“Yes, Mistress.” Jill then went to Ann, who had spread her legs and Jill began worshiping her owner’s pussy lustfully. Jill moaned as she leaned back. She knew she was going to love this arrangement.

Ann wasn’t embarrassed to cum in front of Joyce because Joyce was hers. Juanita sat at the table and ate her breakfast without a word as she observed Jill’s service. Ann thought of Juanita as just a servant, much like the ones she grew up with in her parent’s home. She didn’t think twice about Juanita eating at the table as an equal for now, as she worked through her mind how she’d enlist her loyalty.

As breakfast concluded, Ann had three orgasms from her slave. Joyce fingered herself to one and Juanita watched all. Slave Jill after finishing with her mistress’s third orgasm was told to give Joyce the same as Ann went upstairs to get ready to go out shopping for school supplies she’d need. Joyce enjoyed Jill’s tongue and came. She thanked the slave and got up to leave.

Jill moved over to Juanita, who closed her legs, not wanting Jill at the moment and she told the young slave to eat breakfast then to stand for inspection as her two roommates would be leaving the house soon. Juanita inspected the slave’s body with a gentle, loving touch, as well as a number of pinches to the nipples to make them firm and stand up. Her slave cunt was checked for dampness and it was dripping wet. Juanita knew Jill was in heaven as an owned slave.

Ann and Joyce came down dressed to go out. They saw Slave Jill displayed with Juanita standing nearby. Ann told Juanita to keep slave Jill naked and bound in the dungeon. She was to be kept on the edge of orgasm but not allowed to have one. Juanita was to torture the slave with her holding back orgasms but Juanita could have as many as she wanted. Juanita just smiled.

“Slave, get down to the dungeon and wait for me. Do not touch yourself. Do not do anything but wait on your knees.”

“Yes, Mistress Juanita.”

Juanita watched Jill go down to the dungeon then she went upstairs to shower and to check in with Jill’s mom. After finishing her shower, she dressed in the typical maid’s uniform she had worn for years at her previous position. Then she sat by the phone and dialled her employer.

“Good morning, ma'am. Jill has settled into her role as Ann’s slave totally. I’ve never seen her so happy.”

Jill’s mom asked, “Has Ann and Joyce treated her well? Are they going to accept the limits I’ve set?”

“Yes, ma’am, they have not hurt Jill at all yet, not even a whipping. I was told to torture her by stimulating her to orgasms then not letting her cum at all. Torturing her sexually that way seems to be Ann’s intent for now. I’m sure whips will come later.”

“OK, seems like you have some fun for today. I know you’re really good at sexual torture. Jack and I both know well your talents as you have tortured us similarly for years.”

Juanita smiled, and said, “Thank you, ma'am. I just aim to please in my own way.”

The phone was hung up and Juanita turned on the TV to the closed circuit internal feed for the dungeon to see that Jill was obeying her orders, and she was. An hour later Juanita went down to the dungeon after cleaning up the breakfast dishes. After all, she was a maid and took that job seriously.

Juanita entered the dungeon and slave Jill stayed on her knees, naked, and her head bowed as she was ordered. Juanita told her to stand and lay down on the bed on the side of the dungeon. She then spread her arms and legs to be attached to the bed posts. Once bound, she laid there silently.

Juanita began playing with the slave in front of her. She enjoyed playing with the nipples, she loved teasing the nipples with her fingers and her lips as she bit them. While biting the nipples, her hand went down the slave’s clit to excite her. Jill moaned to Juanita’s touch and she was building to an orgasm, then Juanita stopped and told Jill to lick her.

Juanita lifted her maid’s uniform skirt revealing a distinct lack of underwear and moved her pussy to the slave’s mouth. As Jill’s tongue pleased her maid and friend/lover, Juanita leaned back enjoying the tongue of her employer’s daughter. It was a frequent thing to get eaten by Jill during the summer as Jill’s sexuality was displayed openly to her and to Jill’s parents.

Juanita reflected on the first time she felt Jill’s tongue, about 18 months earlier, on Jill’s 18th birthday. It was two weeks after graduating high school when Jill had put herself into self bondage and couldn’t get free. She had dropped the key when she tried to release herself. About two hours later, Juanita went to clean the bedrooms, since she was the maid, she found Jill. Jill was naked, collared, wearing a tight rope between her legs separating her labia. She had given up trying to unlock the cuffs because the key was on the floor.

Jill looked up at Juanita with her gagged and blindfolded face. She knew it was Juanita as she was the only person in the house. Juanita checked to see that Jill was OK, but didn’t touch her or release her. Instead she sat down and thought about what she should do next.

“Well, Jill. I didn’t know you liked this sort of thing. It looks like you’ve been here like this for a while. Do you want me to release you?”

Jill couldn’t say anything because of the gag. She nodded her head in the affirmative, so Juanita removed the blindfold and gag.

“Thank you, Juanita. It’s embarrassing, you finding me like this, but thank you for releasing me.”

“You asked me to release you, but I haven’t agreed yet. It’s not everyday I walk into a bedroom in this house and find such a luscious naked woman bound to a bed.” Juanita was lying as she often bound her employer, Jill’s mom to her bed and dominated her sexually. Her husband was also dominated frequently.

“Please, Juanita.”

“Mistress Juanita from now on, little slave. Ask for release properly.”

“Mistress, please release this worthless slave. This slave will then thank Mistress properly with her mouth.”

Juanita released the naked girl and Jill began worshiping the maid’s pussy, her now Mistress. From that day forward, Jill and Juanita would frequently engage in the same activities. It was a couple of weeks later that Jill’s mom had overheard Juanita dominating Jill and whipping her tits. Jill’s mom wasn’t shocked, but rather she felt relieved that everything could be out in the open sexually. That night Jill, her parents, and Juanita sat down to fully discuss everything and agree that anything goes sexually from that day forward with Juanita being the sole dominant.

Juanita came from Jill’s mouth as she lay naked bound to the dungeon bed. A dozen more times Jill had been brought almost to orgasm and denied. By then, Juanita was tired of torturing the slave. She then released Jill then put her in her cage and locked the door. Juanita had other things to do.

Ann came back to the house in the afternoon and found Juanita in the living room watching a movie on the TV, while a monitor to the dungeon also showed the slave caged. Ann went up to her bedroom, noticed everything clean and bed made, and dropped her packages on the bed. Then she returned to the living room.

“Hi Juanita, how is our little slave girl? Did she do well with her training?”

“Yes, ma'am. I tortured her like you asked for about three hours. Then I had the house to clean so I caged her. She’s had her lunch served in the dog dishes in her cage. I’ll be preparing dinner soon.”

“Great, I checked in a few times to watch the CCTV feed on my phone. Looked like she pleasured you well while you tortured her. I’ll get some myself later.” Ann smiled at Juanita and Juanita responded, “Thank you, ma'am, just a perk of the job I guess.”

“I don’t know if I can be her Mistress full time,” confiding in Juanita. “I have done some domination, but not this much. Only fun from time to time with various lovers. I think you’re a natural the way I saw you torturing Jill. I think this isn’t the first time with her.”

Juanita told Ann about her dominating Jill during the summer, but she didn’t mention what she had been doing for years with her parents. Ann was enthralled by what she heard and thought, maybe she and Juanita could be co-dominants in the house. Joyce would be a second slave.

“Yes, ma'am, that would be nice.” Juanita then shook Ann’s hand and sealed the deal. Ann then looked her over, admiring the maid.

“Juanita, you don’t need to wear a maid’s uniform if you don’t want. Something sexy to show off your obviously hot body would be better. I think you and I could become very close friends if we get away from employer/employee since we will be co-dominants over our two sex slaves.”

Juanita agreed and took the cue from Ann and took her in her arms and gave her a kiss that was intense, while her hands flowed over Ann’s tits, pinching her nipples, and teasing her pussy.

“Oh, that was hot,” Ann said breathlessly. “You can do that anytime you want.”

Juanita smiled, then went to the kitchen knowing that she had just put Ann in her place as the number 2 dominatrix, to Juanita being number 1.

That evening Ann spent time torturing her slave Jill in the dungeon. Ann enjoyed Jill’s tongue, but she also enjoyed stringing up Jill against the wall spread eagle to feel the flogger. Ann whipped Jill’s tits making them red over several minutes. Her slave cunt gushed and drops of her wetness fell to the floor between Jill’s legs revealing her inner desires.

Juanita announced that dinner was ready. Ann brought Jill up on a leash with her hands bound behind her. Joyce came down wearing only a thin T shirt showing her body clearly and erect nipples underneath. Joyce wanted to be noticed as she was a bit jealous of the attention Jill received as the house slave.

Ann noticed that Juanita had changed from professional maid to a hot Latina firecracker with her bulging tits and her round butt on full display. She looked like many Brazilian girls at Carnival. She dressed to turn the girls on, as well as to declare herself as head of the house. Ann was speechless but couldn’t move her eyes away from Juanita’s tits. She had been captured by Juanita, so all was going according to Juanata's plan.

Juanita placed the food on the table, and some in Jill’s dog dish. She then sat down across from Ann and began to eat. The girls enjoyed their dinner. Jill wasn’t used during dinner, different from how things went at breakfast. Ann was feeling like she wanted to taste Juanita rather than be eaten by her slave. Joyce could see the sexual tension but didn’t say anything, as she didn’t know what changed regarding Juanita while she was out.

Still a week before classes were to begin the girls continued enjoying each other sexually. Joyce tried to get noticed and to please Ann in her bed at night. She still wanted to submit sexually and be her lover as she had been. Ann enjoyed Joyce, but as Joyce was licking her, she wondered what Juanita’s tongue would feel like.

Each day, the girls would have incredible sex. One afternoon, Ann was making love to Joyce and invited Juanita to join. She readily joined them. As the lesbian threesome went on, Joyce was being dominated by both women. Joyce didn’t mind submitting, actually wanting that. She just wanted to be included.

The day before classes were to begin, Ann and Juanita brought Joyce to the living room naked and placed a leather slave collar around her neck. Joyce accepted the collar and her hands were bound behind her back. Ann went down to the dungeon to bring slave Jill up to the living room while Juanita pulled Joyce to eat her pussy.

Ann knew what she’d see when she returned with Jill. She then told Jill to eat her pussy as she sat next to Juanita on the couch. Both Mistresses were getting equally pleasured by their slaves. After cumming, they switched and got more tongue action from the slaves. Another orgasm and each mistress was happy.

Juanita ordered the two slaves to eat each other while their hands were still bound. They did the best they could till Joyce came. Jill was last to cum after Juanita struck her with a crop across her tit.

The four women, two dominants and two slaves sat back and thought about what had happened the last week and how things had changed for all of them. College classes were to begin the next day.

Juanita was now in charge of all. Ann, still a dominant to the slaves, still Jill’s owner, was submissive to Juanita. Joyce had now become a full fledged slave just like Jill. Jill was living her fantasy.
