---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Wheel of Fortune
authors:
- Ultraprene
tags:
- F/fm
- D/s
- latex
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2002-03-11 00:00:00
---

**Wheel of Fortune**
By Ultraprene

One day, Mistress Mandy received a letter from her old friend Cynthia:

"During my recent visit I was most pleased with your on-going training
of your long-time slave Flora.  I was also impressed with your new
slave Jason.  For a beginner he showed some real promise.  I
trust he is even better by now. As I told you in my last letter, I am now
Curator of the Academy of Erotic Arts and Sciences Museum, and as such
I am assembling some new exhibits for the Academy Museum.  If you
would agree to  lend me Flora and Jason for a month or so, I will
take excellent care of them and return them with some very valuable equipment
and training.  If you accept, I will send you additional details and
instructions."

Since Mandy had been planning a business trip anyway, and had been concerned
about what to do with her slaves while she was away (She didn't want them
to lose their conditioning.) she promptly consented to the deal. Cynthia
was delighted and instructed Mandy to have Jason and Flora ready for the
appointed day.  She instructed Mandy to pack certain specified costumes
and equipment.  She also asked whether their measurements had changed
since she had taken their body casts during her last visit.  They
had not. On the appointed day, Cynthia arrived and took Flora and Jason
to the Academy.  In view of Flora and Jason's endurance they were 
to take a special advanced course to prepare them for Cynthia's most exotic
living art, her dynamic  sculptures. 
Initially, the two started their training separately.

Flora was led into a room in which there was a large wooden disk, or
wheel, about 7 feet in diameter.  The face of the disk was  padded
and upholstered in black leather and fitted with numerous  straps
and buckles.  The wheel had bearings and a variable-speed motor to
allow it to rotate.   In addition, the supporting  frame
tilted so the wheel could spin  either horizontally like a phonograph
turntable, or vertically like a wagon wheel, or at any  angle in between.
Flora dressed in an all-leather body suit which laced up the sides of the
legs, and arms, and up the front of the body.  Her trainers drew the
laces progressively tighter as they progressed down the legs.  Once
the suit was snug, they fitted Flora  with a leather discipline helmet
which covered her whole head and  face, except for breathing holes
at the nose, and an openable patch at the mouth.

Now, with the wheel horizontal, they strapped her on her back to its
face.   Her legs were spread about 2 feet apart, and her arms
were slightly out from her sides.  Tight straps secured her at the
ankles,  calves, above and below the knees, across the thighs, hips,
waist, and above and below the breasts.  Other straps held her arms
at the  wrists, above and below the elbows, and just below the shoulders.
Additional straps ran over the shoulders and joined the face of the 
wheel at her sides.  Her head was secured to the wheel by D-rings 
sewn into the helmet at the sides  and top. For now her trainers left
the mouth patch open so she could speak.  They explained that they
would start the wheel spinning slowly at first and gradually increase the
speed.  If Flora suffered serious discomfort or sickness, she was
to speak out and they would slow or stop the rotation. The first training
session involved relatively mild horizontal spinning for short periods. 
Gradually, the speed and duration increased.  For the first week,
Flora spent a total of 8 hours a day in training, though the rotation was
intermittent.

After the first week, Flora could endure longer periods of rotation,
perhaps 30 to 40 minutes at a time, and at greater speeds.  As the
speeds were increased, the trainers tightened her suit at the extremities
so as to counter the tendency for the  blood to run to her head and
feet from centrifugal force. Also during the second week, the trainers
began to tilt the wheel slightly up from horizontal,  reaching perhaps
15 or 20 degrees.  They also increased the training time to 12 hours
per day. During the third week, the angle was increased to 45 degrees and
the rotation was almost continuous.  Some nights, she was put back
on the wheel, but without rotation, to sleep. As a reward for her progress,
Flora's trainers would sometimes fit her with a vibrating dildo during
her most rigorous sessions.  She thus grew to associate the rotation
with the pleasurable sensations. As her training progressed, Flora could
endure being spun either horizontally or vertically for hours on end without 
any ill effect.  She had actually grown to enjoy the sensation 
and sometimes requested to sleep on her wheel with the rotation continuing
slowly through the night.

When her wheel training was completed, Cynthia showed Flora her display
wheel, the one to be used in the actual work of art. This had been constructed
by the Academy engineers using precise measurements from her body casts. 
The face of the wheel had been hollowed in a cavity into which the back
half of her body fitted perfectly.  In addition, the face of the wheel
was somewhat dished so that when installed on (or rather in) it her crotch
was at the center of rotation and raised.  The position also insured
that her pelvis was tilted forward.  The A-frame supporting the wheel
had hinges at its bottom and an electric jacking mechanism which could
tilt the raise the frame to any angle from horizontal to vertical.

For now the wheel was horizontal.  Flora did not even need to be
told what to do.  She climbed onto the wheel and lay back, wriggling
her body until it nestled perfectly in the formed cavity.  Once she
was resting in the wheel, a rigid fiberglass shell or mold  that perfectly
fitted her front half was lowered in place.  A flange around the front
mold mated with the wheel face, and Cynthia's technicians squeezed the
front half of the body mold in place with screws spaced about every four
inches around the flange. The only openings were breathing holes at the
nose and an opening at the crotch to allow access to her sex. The inside
of the mold, both front and back, was lined with a double layer of quilted
rubber with cells an inch or two square. A network of thin tubes allowed
each cell to be inflated with air separately.  Thus through computer
control, Cynthia could squeeze any portion of Flora body, subjecting her
to pressure or massage at will.  The lining served an additional function: 
The control system could generate a pressure gradient to neutralize the
effects of gravity or centrifugal force so that Flora's internal fluids
would not rush to whichever end was "down" nor would they rush to the extremities
under centrifugal force.

Flora's wheel, of which she was now an integral part, was then tilted
to vertical. Jason,  had meanwhile been undergoing parallel training
and was being installed similarly on his wheel facing Flora.  He was
also encased in a body mold with only his cock protruding.  Of course,
with their eyes covered by the body molds, neither subject had seen the
other. The supporting structures for the wheels faced each other and were
mounted on tracks so they could be moved together or apart.  Initially,
they were about 10 feet apart at opposite sides of the exhibit hall.  
After spinning both wheels up to speed to test the system, Cynthia shut
off the motors and let the wheels coast to a stop.  Flora came to
rest with her head at a 7o'clock position and Jason's was at 3.  Actually,
the position made little difference to the two subjects since the extremely
tight body molds were both equipped with the quilted rubber linings. 
These had been programmed so whichever end of the body was down would receive
just enough extra pressure to neutralize any gravitational sense of up-and-down. 
Furthermore, when the wheels were spun, the pressure at both extremities
increased to counter centrifugal forces.  Thus the inflatable cells
of the liner served both sensory and practical purposes.

Cynthia actuated a switch and the two structures started moving slowly
toward each other.  One of her female assistants touched Jason's tool
and it promptly stiffened.  The wheels continued to approach and with
a little help from the assistant, Jason was guided into Flora.  When
he was fully inserted, the two carriages came to rest. Cynthia then restarted
the motors with the wheels spinning in opposite directions so the relative
rotation (as felt by each subject) was effectively twice the speed of either
wheel.  The stimulation to both Flora and Jason was intense, and within
a couple of minutes Jason climaxed.  Shortly thereafter, he lost his
erection and slipped out of his partner.  The fluids from their mating
were slung by centrifugal force, leaving drops of stain on the floor and
ceiling. Clearly this wouldn't do.  Cynthia switched off the motors
and drew the wheels apart.  In a few minutes they coasted to a stop. 
She instructed her assistants remove the subjects to clean up and rest. 
When asked, Jason explained that he simply couldn't contain himself under
the extreme stimulation.  Flora also was worried that the sustained
friction might make her sore or even injure her tender parts.

Cynthia was in a quandary.  The exhibit is scheduled to open the
next day to a group of select guests.  She will have to fake it, at
least in part, until she comes up with a better solution. The next morning,
she sealed the couple into their respective wheels, but she fitted Jason
with a thick-walled rubber sheath that clamped by a flange to the front
of his mold.  The outside of the sheath was approximately the same
size and appearance of Jason's erection since it had been made from his
cast, but due to the thickness of the walls, the inside was considerably
smaller. "Well," Cynthia declared, "He can get hard or not.  It doesn't
really matter for today."

At the same time, to limit Flora's stimulation and protect her from
excess friction, she was fitted with a soft rubber vaginal liner, a sort
of rounded-end tube with a flange at its neck which bonded to the opening
in the front of her body mold. It offered the necessary protection but
was thin and flexible enough to preserve most of Flora's sensation. 
A thin rubber tube provided a trickle of rubber-compatible lubricant. The
exhibit was a great sensation as the wheels spun, sometimes in opposite
directions, sometimes in the same direction so that there was no relative
rotation between Flora and Jason. At the end of the day, Cynthia learned
that Flora had come many times during the 8 hours,  but Jason, although
he expanded as much as his sheath allowed, remained unsatisfied. Unfortunately,
the exhibit could not be opened to the regular audience until the over-stimulation
problem was solved more definitively.  Cynthia called in her technical
consultants on this matter and they came up with a plan that combined both
training and technology.

Jason would increase his endurance by spending his nights in an apparatus
called the Frustrator.  The first step was to make an extra rear half
of Jason's body mold.  It was the same as the one on the wheel except
that six short legs protruded from the back surface so it rested horizontally
like a bench, though since it had the same arched form as the mold on the
wheel face, it was higher in the middle than the ends.  It also lacked
the quilted lining. Jason was dressed in a thin black rubber catsuit which
covered his entire body, including hands, feet, and head. The hood covered
the entire head, including the eyes and had openings only at the nostrils
and mouth.  The thin rubber suit was even contoured to the shape of
his sex organs with a tight pouch for his balls and a sheath for his penis.   
Tight straps ran across his insteps, ankles, below and above the knees,
across the thighs, hips, waist, chest, chin, and forehead.  More straps
secured his arms at the shoulders, upper arm, above and below the elbow,
at the wrist, across the back of the hand, and over each finger. 
Thus his entire body was immobilized to the rigid mold yet the front half
was exposed (save for the thin rubber skin) wherever the straps did not
cover.

Along with the straps, his body was fitted with physiological sensors
which recorded EKG, respiration, skin moisture, and muscle tension, including
his anal sphincter.   By computer-analyzing these data it was
possible to determine Jason's physical level of arousal and proximity to
climax.  A single meter displayed the resulting "arousal index" 
on a scale of zero to 100.   The output was also available as
an analog feedback signal.  Flora was assigned the task of stimulating
Jason while watching the gauge.  She stroked and massaged his latex-clad
body with her gentle hands, intermittently stimulating his sex. For variety,
and her own pleasure, she sometimes straddled the arching body, but she
always watched the arousal gauge.  She would hold his arousal index
for hours between 80 and 90.  During these times Jason would strain
against his bondage trying in vain to pump himself over the edge. 
He would moan and plead, but of course it was all in vain; Flora knew her
instructions. Occasionally she would let him cool down to 50 before she
excited him again, but still she followed her orders which forbade her
to let him go soft, nor to take him to climax.

On the second night of Jason's frustrator training, he strained and
complained persistently, and Flora warned him.  "I love to touch you
all over and talk with you, but you must behave yourself.  We have
to make this idea work.  If you keep on trying to squirm and complain,
I've been told to put the front mold on you.  You know it covers your
mouth and everything but your dick so you woun't be able to talk or even
hear very well, and I won't be able to touch you."

Jason agreed and calmed down, trying to enjoy the exquisite, though
overpowering, sensations.  On the next night, however, he was back
to his misbehavior and around midnight Flora made good on her threat. 
She called an assistant who helped her lower the front mold over Jason. 
As soon as it contacted his body, he knew what was happpening and begged
for another chance, but the decision had been made, and he realized it
as the bolts around the flanges were screwed tight, compressing his body
in the absolutely unyielding grip of the mold.  For the rest of the
night, Flora used her hands, her mouth, and her sex, never letting his
arousal fall below 70.  At the upper end, though, she raised Jason's
arousal to 95, and even 98.  With no means of self-stimulation, she
could hold him even closer to the edge with no risk of going over.  
That session was the only one where Flora had to install the full mold. 
Apparently Jason learned his lesson.

The nighttime Frustrator sessions kept both Flora and Jason awake. 
They were quite fatiqued by morning when they were both installed in their
respective display wheels to maintain their rotation training.  Cynthia
realized this and a allowed them to doze during the day as they whirled
in the exhibit hall.  She helped by keeping the speed moderate and
carefully adjusting the mold liners for the most comfortable support. 
Only toward the end of each day were they mated and spun to maximum speed,
bring a long awaited relief to Jason.

After four days, Cynthia had the final component of the frustrator finished. 
It was a cock sheath lined with the same sort of pneumatic quilted rubber
as the body molds, but unlike the body mold lining, the material was much
thinner and the cells were only about a half inch square.  They could
be inflated and deflated very rapidly if necessary so that in addition
to massaging and squeezing, they could generate localized pulsating vibration. 
An automatic program operated the cells, but the overall level of activity
was regulated by the feedback from the arousal index.  This caused
the stimulation to diminish or stop short of climax. With this device,
Flora no longer had to sit beside Jason during his frustrator training,
and of course it would do Jason no good to protest, since the inanimate
machine was oblivious to his pleading, responding only to its immutable
program.

Cynthia decided that, since symmetry was a theme of the exhibit, she,
too, should receive some endurance training.  Thus Flora was placed
in her own Frustrator at night.  It was basically the same as Jason's. 
The main difference was that hers was fitted with a dildo having the matrix
of quilted cells on its outside surface.  The two thus lay strapped
into their contoured tables all night.  The Frustrators were close
enough so they could converse, at least when their stimulation levels were
relatively low, but when they were raised, each partner's moaning and heavy
breathing served further to stimulate the other, but never quite sufficient
to carry either to climax.

The next day was sunday and no guests would be attending the gallery. 
Cynthia decided to try once again to run the mated wheels, letting Flora
be Jason's stimulator during the wheel session.  She had her 
technicians equip the wheel molds with the full set of physiological monitors. 
Electronics mounted on the back of each wheel would condition the signals,
multiplex them and transmit them from the rotating environment of the wheel
by slip rings.  This permitted the additional advantage that she could
monitor the subjects' physical condition for safety as well as to determine
arousal.  They now wired the arousal index signal as a negative feedback
to the motor speed control for the wheels. Thus when the couple were mated,
the wheels would spin in opposite directions until Jason was at the preset
excitement level, but then the feedback signal from his arousal would cause
the wheels to slow down or stop until he had cooled down slightly. 
During the day, the resulting rotation was quite slow and intermittent,
but since there was no audience, this was no problem.  At the end
of the day, though, Cynthia had pity on the two and ran the wheels up to
full speed until both subjects came.

The rigid forms whirling on their respective wheels gave no clue to
the incredible explosion of passion contained within the body molds. Flora
and Jason were held so snugly they couldn't even twitch.  This, however,
only heightened their sensations. The monitoring sensors recorded a combined
orgasm that lasted for several minutes.  The assistants then let the
wheels coast to a stop, tilted them horizontal and removed the two depleted
slave/volunteers.  Jason was exhausted.  So, of course, was Flora
but she was sore from the sustained friction.  Nevertheless both had
received such exciting sensations that they had no hesitation about continuing
the program. The technical solution to overstimulation was a special cock
sheath for Jason.  It consisted of a double layer of thin rubber.
The outer layer was reinforced with sheer nylon fibers so that while it
could flex freely, it would not stretch.  The inner layer was made
of ordinary thin latex only slightly heavier than a standard condom. 
The two layers were sealed together at the base where a flange attached
them to the front of the body mold.

Only a thin rubber tube communicated with the space between the layers. 
Through this tube, a pump could inject a thick gel into this space. 
Since the outer layer could not expand, the effect was to compress the
inner layer and with it Jason's tool. At the same time,  the gel insulated
the cock from sensation. With no gel, the sensitivity was only slightly
less than that of bare skin, and thus  sufficient for rapid arousal,
especially with the rotation inside Flora.  The injection or withdrawal
of gel could be controlled either manually by the exhibit operator, or
it could be regulated by the arousal index feedback to maintain whatever
level of stimulation the operator set.  In this way, the excitation
could be controlled by either varying the wheel speed or by adjusting the
sheath.To protect Flora from excess friction, the technicians again fitted
her mold with a soft rubber insert which would only slightly attenuate
her stimulation, but would protect her from direct friction.  They
reinstalled the small ducts to provide lubrication so as to prevent Jason's
sheath from sticking to Flora's insert.

Monday morning, Cynthia and her assistants assembled the exhibit with
the new features, and by opening time, the couple were mated.  As
the first guests filed into the gallery, the wheels were whirling at full
speed. The technical improvements combined with the endurance training
were a success.  At the end of the day, the Jason was still hard and
had not come.  Flora suffered no soreness from friction, and the reduced
sensitivity from the insert had held her orgasms to only five.  All
was ready for the two-week run of the show.
