---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Dungeons and Dragons
authors:
- thepinkbishop
tags:
- F-f
- M-f
- bond
- rope
- straps
- leash
- majick
- fantasy
- vr
- transform
- cuffs
- incest
- slave
- sold
- naked
- costume
- oral
- collar
- gag
- buttplug
- sex
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-11-08 00:00:00
---

### Part 13

#### Chapter 59: Slaves for Rent

---

To the side of the square, Ellie spotted a man wearing the leathers of a drover. He was leading a blonde pony by rope halter. A little way down the street she could see the sign of a farrier, the owner of the premises sitting outside. Even from this distance, it was obvious that the pony was used for heavy work judging by her thick strong legs and the welts and scars across her back that suggests regular encouragement from the whip. She walked, Ellie noticed, with a slight limp. The man stopped in front of the farrier and there was a brief discussion before the drover dropped some coins into the other man’s hand then passed the blonde’s reins to him. Then he turned and left the pony behind, emerging back into the square and striding across to his cart where he picked up a heavy leather bridle.

‘Sir…’ Ellie stepped forward. ‘If I may…’ She drew Val behind her. ‘I think you may be in need of a pony.’

‘I might.’ The man looked suspicious. ‘Until tomorrow.’ He glanced towards the farrier and then regarded Ellie. ‘You don’t look like a slaver.’

‘I don’t charge as much as a slaver either.’ She winked.

The man leaned forward, clearly interested, caught by her Persuasion.

‘Perhaps I could rent you this one.’ She drew Val forward and the man regarded the blonde carefully.

‘She certainly looks strong,’ he conceded. ’Is she trained?’

‘Barely!’ Ellie laughed. ‘But she is strong and has plenty of endurance.’ She tapped the ‘brand’ on Val’s leg. ‘And she won’t attract any unwanted attention.’

‘Well…’

‘She’s a good worker,’ Ellie reassured him, Honey’s voice working to keep her control over him. ‘Though she needs a firm hand, plenty of whip.’

‘I can see that.’ The man regarded Val’s bruised face. ’She’s reasonably comely.’

‘I’d say she was a bit plain,’ Ellie told him but you’re not hiring her for her looks.

‘How much?’ asked the drover.

‘Ten Krowns for the day.’

‘Ten?’ The drover made a show of surprise. ‘I’ll give you seven.’

‘Ten,’ said Ellie firmly.

‘She’ll need transforming,’ the man said before compromising. ‘I could get a fully licensed pony for thirty five.’ He made a show of considering. ‘I’ll give you Nine.’

‘Nine it is.’ Ellie held out her hand and the man shook it then counted nine Krowns out for her.

Val glared at Ellie as the drover took her leash and led her by the collar over to his cart.

‘No funny business,’ the man warned, lifting a heavy looking leather whip.

The blonde appeared to take the hint and didn’t make any protest as he pulled a bridle over her head and secured the bit between her teeth then hefted the heavy leather harness over her shoulders and began to tighten it around her chest and waist; it had a rough crotch strap which looked as if it might be somewhere between interesting and irritating and clips for the blonde’s nipples which were fitted with bells. Ellie thought the blonde might baulk at this but she stood calmly, if rather stiffly as the man adjusted the straps, not even reacting when the drover pinched her nipples to make them swell before he clipped the clamps in place. Finally, he attached a set of leather cuffs to her upper arms, tightening the strap between them to pull them closer together. She was surprised when he didn’t replace the leather strap binding her wrists.

Then, he led her over to a mage who was sitting beside a sign advertising ‘Transformations 10 Krowns’. At his feet a cat-girl lay curled in a basket; she was sleeping with her face resting on her paws and had a tail curved around her body. Ellie thought she was cute; with her little turned up nose, whiskered face and pointed ears and, when she momentarily opened one eye Ellie saw it was a vibrant green with vertical slit-like pupils. Her body was covered in ginger fur except her six small pert breasts which were bare and had surprisingly prominent nipples. There was a collar around her neck and this had a leather leash which ran to one leg of the wizard’s table.

Ellie watched the man leading Val speaking to the wizard who stood and, taking up a short black wand, walked around the table to look at the harnessed warrior. He then crouched looking at the ‘brand’ on Val’s thigh, licked his finger and rubbed it hard, smudging the ink.

Both men glanced at Ellie and then the wizard stood and held out his hand.

The man dropped another two Krowns into his palm and the wizard nodded, standing back and waving his wand.

Ellie felt the pulse of magic, like a breeze on her skin making the hairs stand erect and saw Val’s head snap back then come forward slowly. The transformation was slow, and partially obscured by a vague shimmering around the Viking’s body but Ellie could see her body changing; hips and thighs expanding; her feet extending pushing her up onto her toes and then the toes thickened, joining, hardening; her shoulders broadened too. Again, the blonde tolerated this surprisingly well but when her arms appeared to shrink down, slowly disappearing, she began to struggle prancing and pulling against the reins as they become two stumps drawn together behind her back by the leather cuffs the drover had supplied; the thong that Ellie had restrained her with slipped to the ground. The drover kept hold of the halter and lashed her to keep her still as the spell progressed: the new pony’s ears lengthening and her blonde hair receding up the side of her scalp leaving a central mane which continued to sprout down her back to the level of her shoulder blades as a tail appeared to well up from from just above her buttocks, growing through a ring at the back of the harness to hang down behind her.

‘Fuck!’ Amanda whispered quietly and Ellie turned to look at her. ‘You’re not going to do that to me are you?’ Her mother’s blue eyes were wide with a mix of fear and astonishment.

‘Oh, I have something way kinkier designed for you,’ Ellie said.

‘Look, Ellie…’

Ellie brought the Slaver’s whip down on her mother’s breasts. ‘That’s Mistress Honey to you, Slavegirl.’

‘Will you stop doing that!’

Ellie whipped her again.

‘I mean, would you please stop doing that, Mistress Honey,’ Amanda said, stepping back clearly aware of her vulnerability.

‘Good girl.’ Ellie saw her mother’s nostril’s quiver slightly as she struggled inwardly and leant in to whisper. ‘Seriously mum, Harry Potter over there can turn your girlfriend back at any time and the Transformation will wear off in a day or two anyway. Besides, I’ve got a real treat lined up for you. You’re gonna love it.’

‘But…’

Ellie raised her whip. ‘Don’t make me gag you!’

Amanda lowered her head and Ellie took up her leash. ‘Come along, slave.’

---

‘A real Adventuress!’ The landlord of the Pleasure Dome eyed Amanda with the professionalism of a man who was used to considering the sexual allure of slavegirls and Amanda couldn’t help responding accordingly. This might be fantasy, this might not be her real body but to be regarded in this way as she stood naked and restrained brought a smile to her lips and something considerably more intense inside. She’d been disappointed to wake from her dream of being a slave and now she was going to do it for real; sort of. The innkeeper seemed identical to the man in HomeTown, small and stout and balding, sporting an apron and a cloth tucked into the waistband and yet the thought of him leading into his inn and putting her to work induced surprisingly strong needs within her.

‘Captured a little south of VanillaVille,’ Ellie told the man as she turned Amanda to display her body more fully and then, to the brunette’s surprise, tweaked a nipple which responded obediently. ‘She’s already proved herself quite popular among members of our party.’ Ellie winked. ‘She has that eagerness and stamina that you only find in Adventuresses.’

Amanda felt herself blushing even as she pouted at the little man then turned again to ensure he had a perfect view of her body. ‘Perhaps,’ she thought, ‘I will think about plastic surgery when I get home.’

‘I’d planned to sell her but I think the rest of the party would lynch me if I let her go,’ Ellie continued, reminding Amanda that she was about to be pimped out by her daughter.

‘We’re going to take her into the wild to keep us warm on those cold nights.’

‘And what about you, blondie?’ the man asked, licking his lips and demonstrating his shrewdness, his eyes roving over Ellie’s large breasts.

Amanda frowned and stepped forward to give him a full close up of her breasts.

‘I’m not for sale,’ Ellie said firmly.

‘But for rent?’ The man looked back at Amanda, clearly comparing mother and daughter and she scowled at him, the moment ruined. The guard had said she had nice tits. Even in Ellie's presence, it would only be fair for this innkeeper to acknowledge their plump appearance.

‘Lovely and firm.’ Ellie guided the man’s hand to Amanda’s right breast. ‘And very responsive.’

Amanda felt her other nipple stiffen.

‘You know Adventuresses…’ Ellie continued. She was using that voice again. The one her character seemed to take on when she was trying to persuade someone to do something. ‘…everything’s an adventure.’

Amanda blushed again feeling a tingling in her nipples and further rush of pleasure between her legs as the innkeeper’s hand stayed where it was, his fingers toying with her nipple, her blushes deepening as her nipple swelled in response and she thought she felt a wetness spread beyond her sex onto the tops of her thighs..

‘Nice ass too.’ Ellie spun her round.

‘Oh!’ Amanda squeaked as her daughter slapped her bare buttocks.

‘And, if I may, Sir.’ Ellie once again took the innkeeper’s hand and guiding it this time between Amanda’s legs. ‘Vvverrry responsive!’

Amanda cried out in shock and embarrassment and then gasped loudly as the innkeeper slid a finger inside her.

‘And you should see the way she moves,’ Ellie said.

---

The city’s original pleasure dome had been in the Palace of Gord the Artificer, where it was said as many as fifty slave girls at any one time were once mounted on his magical engines at the time when the founder and ruler of the city was at the peak of his powers leaving the whole palace heady with the scent of female arousal. The inn of the same name to which Amanda had been rented afforded a similar hedonistic pleasure albeit on a smaller scale. In common with most inns in Fantasia, it had a large open common room and more discrete side rooms set aside. In the case of the Pleasure Dome these were more for discerning punters to be more intimately entertained; business could also be discretely enacted; deals done, assassinations arranged and the like but there were other inns far more suitable to these latter practices in the city.

The inn bearing the name ‘The Pleasure Dome’ had a legacy to maintain.

After hiring Amanda, for twice the amount that Val had brought, the innkeeper had strapped her into a kind of harness consisting of a thick leather collar and and leather strap around her chest that supported a wooden tray just below her breasts; chains from the collar stabilised the tray as did chains from clamps he tightened, quite unnecessarily she thought, around her nipples; there was a lower band too, encircling her waist and her wrists were locked to this by her side in leather cuffs giving her limited use of her hands although this was rather curtailed by the fact that her elbows were then locked together behind her back. A bit-gag had completed her ‘outfit'.

As far as she could tell, this was standard attire for a waitress/hostess/slave in Thoth, or perhaps just the Pleasure Dome and Amanda loved it.

Her tray was repeatedly loaded with food and drinks and, naked other than the harness, she, like a two dozen or so other women in a similar position, was set to wait at table delivering her charges while dodging slaps to her bottom and even more intimate caresses from the punters. Like most women of her background, Amanda had been a waitress in the real; some of these had been real dives and, even restrained now in the harness she found herself more than up to the task of evading all but the most persistent gropers and doing so with the minimum of spillage on her breasts. She also, like her fellow slaves, put equal effort into encouraging the attention in the first place, strutting sexily, pouting and generally flirting as much as her bondage and the bit-gag locked in her mouth allowed.

From Amanda’s point of view, The Pleasure Dome more than lived up to its name. She mostly worked in the large open bars but sometimes she was sent into private rooms where she served couples or groups of (mostly) men enjoying the attentions of other slaves. The other slaves were mostly standards: Jewells and Kristals although there were at least a couple of Ambers as well as a Jade and a Jasmine; there were Topaz’s too; dark-skinned and exotic. There were one or two who were presumably other players who had been captured or, perhaps had chosen to play slaves but as she and her fellow serving girls were all gagged, steel bits locked between their teeth, she had little opportunity to ask them. There were some male slaves too, mostly she males; she had been rather shocked early in her ‘shift’ when smiling at a pretty brunette with a tanned body and large breasts displayed on the tray they carried she’d received a wink back and then looked down to see that they had a large stiff cock locked inside a steel cage. Her stunned expression had earned her another wink and a suggestive brush of the hand as the slave had passed her.

---

#### Chapter 60: Prospero the Artificer

---

The shop of Prospero the Artificer, creator and purveyor of magical goods and toys to the city of Thoth and beyond was on Pornub Street, one of the main avenues of Thoth that radiated from the central square. It was a grand affair, situated in a parade of well appointed stores; to one side there was a bookshop promising all variety of magical and religious tomes along with racy romances, naughty novels and ‘how to…’ guides for the uninitiated; to the other side there was an armorers with a glittering array of magical and non magical weapons and armour that, from the price tags was clearly designed for the more prosperous adventurer. The Artificer’s had a broad front, painted in imperial purple with gold lettering across the facade; large windows on either side of the doorway displayed some of the goods available within; on one side, Ellie could see wands and staffs, amulets of protection, rings of enchantment and other magical jewellery all laid out on purple velvet cushions; on the other, next to an extremely lifelike mannequin of a large breasted ‘ladyboy’ in an apparently magical G-string, chaps of protection and ‘cloak of dominance’ stood a machine that would not have looked out of place in a medieval torture chamber, it certainly came equipped with chains and shackles but also, Ellie noted, those mounted on the device would find themselves impaled on a large phallus; there were two ‘cups’ too, hanging from cables which looked very much as if they were designed to fit over a girl’s or perhaps, judging by the mannequin, a boy’s breasts. The legend on a card hanging from the phallus read ‘Specialist in Replica Gordian artefacts - fully functioning - enquire within’.

The sight of the device and its obvious purpose brought a flush of anticipation to Honey’s cheeks and she quickly pushed at the door which swung open, setting a little bell ringing above her. She stood for a moment as her eyes adjusted to the shops dim interior, which slowly revealed itself to be as ornate and fascinating as the windows suggested; more magical artefacts displayed in glass cases, racks of magical garments offering effects including protection, allure, invisibility and dexterity; Boots of Striding, Boots of Dancing, Boots of Leaping. After a few moments, a curtain behind the counter parted and a man appeared, he was dark and handsome with a lean face that had prominent cheekbones, lush, almost feminine lips and a striking ‘Roman’ nose; his black hair was drawn back into a ponytail and oiled and he wore a gold earring in his left ear. He was dressed in a purple robe with gold trim.

‘May I help you?’ he asked in a lilting, slightly camp accent. Though he gave a small bow, he did not take his eyes from Honey and Ellie knew she was being appraised. She guessed it probably wasn’t the kind of shop that was usually frequented by travel worn Level 3 Seductresses though perhaps Honey’s body would keep his attention a little longer than might otherwise be the case especially in the corset and stockings from the libido vampire.

‘You are Prospero?’ she enquired, standing up as straight as she could.

‘Indeed.’ He bowed again, his eyes now on hers.

‘I have some goods for you.’

He forced a smile. ‘Really?’ He appeared to be about to tell her that he would not likely be interested in anything she might have for sale.

‘From Goldie in HomeTown.’

His smile suddenly became genuine and Ellie relaxed, reaching into her satchel to take out the Wands of Desire and phials of Essence. The invoice Goldie had given her was a little crumpled from her adventures and he took it somewhat disdainfully between a manicured finger and thumb as if he might catch something from it, then unrolled it on the counter, bending to study it.

As he looked down to read, Ellie took the opportunity to look around the shop a little more, recoiling quickly when she spotted a Cabinet of Delights and turning to flick through a rail of clothes labelled ‘Garments of Seduction’. They were mostly wisps of Elf silk but there were a few in leather and rubber and even a couple made of chain links. She recognised a butterfly kiss, this one was white and was clearly made from elf-silk, far more carefully made than the one she’d worn in HomeTown. She lifted the hanger, raised an eyebrow at the price and hastily put it back.

‘There appears to be one missing.’ Prospero said, drawing her attention back to him.

‘Oh.’ Ellie was sure she’d counted them carefully at the start. ‘There can’t be.’

However, there was.

He looked at her expectantly.

Ellie tipped her head and twirled her hair round a finger as instructed by Madam So’s Pillow Book though, judging by the man’s camp demeanour she wondered if it would have the desired effect. She briefly wished she’d had a little more time to study the manual Goldie had given her but being tied up most of the time had somewhat limited her opportunities.

On the counter beside Prospero was a vice holding a gold locket; a number of tools lay beside it. Perhaps this might be a way to engage him. She gestured to the locket.

‘What are you working on?’

She saw a flash of irritation in his face, a stiffening of his body. ‘A Luck Locket.’ He indulged her with a smile. ‘The day to day work of an artificer.’ He sighed to emphasise his diligent commitment to his craft. ‘I mostly buy and sell and work on larger creations, but I make use of my magic on a daily basis to charge smaller objects and ensure I use it most efficiently to maximise my profits.’

‘How many charges does it have now?’ Ellie asked, trying to keep the conversation moving.

‘Two so far.’ He sighed. ‘Even I have limited spells in a day.’

‘You must be very hardworking.’ She leant forward and pouted. ‘Do you find time for other activities?’

‘Sometimes.’ His eyes explored her body suggesting that he might be a little interested. Ellie drew herself up recalling the mannequin in the window, emphasising her posture, thrusting out her breasts.

‘You were about to explain how you were going to make up the shortfall in my order,’ he reminded her.

‘Well.’ Honey dropped her voice. ‘I have my abilities too. I’m sure I can charge your wand.’

‘If that was supposed to be a Persuasion, it wasn’t a very good one.’

‘I wouldn’t even try to Persuade an Artificer as skilled as yourself.’ Honey countered with a flutter of eyelashes although Ellie realised that she’d pre-empted Honey on this one.

‘Although, if I was trying to persuade you, I might ask you to do something for me.’ She kept her voice low, articulating the words carefully to ensure he looked at her lips.

‘Then what were you offering?’ He smiled as the Persuasion caught.

‘A Bargain.’

‘Oh!’ His eyes narrowed and his face took on a predatory smile that Ellie was coming to recognise. Madam So’s Pillow Book suggested that a skilled courtesan could manipulate any man regardless of his sexual preferences. ‘Every man’, she said, ‘had his levers’; and Ellie knew Artificers had their Merchant skills and no Merchant could resist the opportunity of exploring a Bargain, especially with someone they were likely to be able to exploit.

‘I was bitten by a libido vampire,’ Ellie said, trying to draw on his compassion. ‘Not a Nest Master, just a clone and…’ She let her voice trail off.

‘And as a Seductress, you’re finding the effect somewhat frustrating.’ His smile was more genuine.

‘Something like that. It’s left me…rather…hot under the collar.’

‘Go on.’

‘I’m wondering if you have a magical cure.’ She widened her eyes, playing the adoring supplicant.

He smiled and Ellie sensed him preparing to Bargain. ‘My services are expensive.’

‘The venom stops me climaxing,’ she purred, suggestively, ‘it doesn’t stop me being aroused. If you can break the spell, you can use me to replace the missing wand and, I dare say, make several more in the process.’

‘It’s rather menial work.’ His eyebrow raised and she knew he was toying with her. ‘Thoth is full of Seductresses willing to let themselves be milked for money and with lesser craftsmen willing to do it.’

‘I’m Level 3 and I haven’t cum for nearly two days,’ she said, breaking one of Madam So’s cardinal rules. ‘There’s enough charge in me to power half of Thoth.’

He smiled wolfishly and extended a manicured hand. ‘Deal.’

---

While she enjoyed waiting at table and bedside, Amanda found herself looking longingly at the dancing girls wishing for her chance dance again; this was partly for her own pleasure but, she acknowledged, also to give pleasure of the men who watched the dancers even as they groped for her and the other waitresses lasciviously. She noticed that the Jewells frequently performed belly dances while Kristal’s seemed to be pole dancers and thought that she might well be able to outdo them given the chance.

That was when she noticed her.

It was definitely her. The piercing blue eyes and the chiselled features. Luci!

She knew it was her because she saw her watching her, saw that lustful expression she’d seen when she met her. The sight of the Adventuress made her stumble making wine slosh over her breasts and drip from her nipples as she righted herself. The Adventuress had said something about being in Thoth and perhaps catching up but she’d never really expected…

Amanda looked away and then back again; those blue eyes continued to stare at her cooly. It had to be her and yet, perhaps, she reasoned it was just another player with a similar avatar. Then she knew it couldn’t be; the face was right but this Luci was male, those lovely breasts were gone; the avatar was lean and muscular, dressed in a leather vest. If they had male Adventuresses, he would be one.

Nevertheless, the sight of him put a spring in her step and as she crossed the room. Aware of his gaze she couldn’t help but add a little more seduction, a turn and a kick and a spin that brought a cheer and a laugh and a ripple of applause from the punters around the square where a Jasmine had just performed something resembling the dance of the seven veils, stripping them from a body in a way that had held the attention of everyone in the room except for him.

‘Adventuress!’

Amanda found herself face to face with the innkeeper.

‘Mashter.’ Amanda bowed her head, not the least sorry for what she had done and suddenly hoping she might, perhaps, be put across someone’s knee and spanked hard for it or perhaps mounted on one of the Gordian machines she had seen in some of the rooms, a number of which had been in use; delivering a mix of pleasure and punishment to the whimpering girls mounted on them.

‘You see yourself as one of my dancers?’ he asked, not unkindly.

‘Yesh, Mashter.’ She lifted her head and looked at him in a way she hoped was insolently. Even with the tray strapped to her body and her wrists restrained she knew Amazonne moved with a grace that was far beyond anything Amanda von Trapp could do.

‘Then let us see what you can do.’

‘Yesh, Mashter.’

---

Amanda held his gaze while she began to move. She had been given a scrap of silk but was otherwise naked. She knew every eye in the room was on her, knew that to them she was exotic, her toned, tanned body, her large firm breasts with their stiff shamefully erect nipples; all features she had chosen - with a little help, it seemed, from Ellie.

Amanda’s body tingled with excitement; she was sure she could smell the scent of her own arousal; the worst that could happen was that she’d be punished for presumptuousness; the thought excited her almost as much as dancing as a naked slave girl in a tavern full of leering men and quite a few women too.

As the music started, rich and exotic, she thought of the night before, the girls dancing in the caravanserai; alluring, sexual, seductive. The moves came naturally as they had the night before, a mix of something in her body like the way she was able to wield a weapon and climb and something of herself, the young Amanda who had danced naked on the beach but this time in a body endowed with a strength and a dexterity that allowed her to do so much more. She, moved and gyrated for him and, in her mind, it was just for him although she moved around the room, swaying her hips and turning, displaying her breasts, parting her thighs invitingly, tracing the silk across her body like a lover’s caress, using it to tease, wrapping around her wrists in a parody of restraint, running it across her nipples, covering her eyes. She gave the appearance of flirting with all those who watched her but in her mind she was flaunting herself for his pleasure.

And watch her they did, all eyes in the room seemed fixed on her, smiles appeared as she approached; showing off this tight, toned, tanned body she now inhabited with its large breasts and big brown nipples and its tight belly and slim ankles and wanton demeanour; its long chestnut brown hair, thick and lush; she brushed against them; sat briefly in laps, straddle legs before finishing, breathless in front of him as she had done the night before with Saad, lying back, legs folded beneath her, thighs parted, sex glistening and gaping for his pleasure; inviting him to take her; her body alive with excitement and anticipation as she lay ready for him in the suddenly silent room.

She expected him to touch her, hoped he would take her as the Slaver, Saad, had done, drag her away to use her for his pleasure, perhaps even take his pleasure with her then and there; but he did not and when she lifted her head he had not moved; still sat there regarding her cooly. Did he, she wondered, want her to beg? Maybe she was mistaken, maybe this wasn’t Luci in another form. There were at least a dozen men in the room, she knew, who would willingly take her; she had seen the responses of some of the women too.

She had been mistaken, she realised, but then he regarded her with those piercing blue eyes and she knew it was her, Luci albeit in this transformed body.

If only she’d done a bit more reading about Fantasia, she might know the answer. But where was the adventure in that?

He gestured casually directing her gaze across the room to where a woman sat beckoning her.

She glared at him and then, turned, rolling onto her knees and crawling towards the woman who appeared to be a Druidess with a shaven head and multiple piercings in her face and body; she was heavily tattooed and completely naked save for some sort of wooden robe draped loosely across her left shoulder that left her exposed. As Amanda approached, the woman parted her thighs revealing more piercings; studs in her clitoris and down each of her labia. Amanda glanced over her shoulder at Luci then, appearing to shun him, buried her face in the Druidess’ pussy.

---

#### Chapter 61: Dances

---

With the Druidess satisfied, Amanda knelt beside her, playing the good slave girl; hands behind her back, breasts pushed out, head bowed slightly, thighs widely parted; she could still taste the salt of the woman’s sex, the tang of her body, catch the scent of herbs and earth and the smoke of the hookah pipe she smoked. The woman idly stroked Amanda's hair as she inhaled then placed the pipe in Amanda’s mouth. Amanda looked at Luci and took a long deep draw, feeling the warmth of the smoke fill her lungs, tasting the drug carried within it, seeming almost to feel every tiny particle settle in her lungs as lights flickered and buzzed around her and the dimensions of the world seemed to change; shortening in one axis as it lengthened in another. Luci’s face changed too and she saw Luciana but those blue eyes appeared constant, two points of cobalt in a flickering array of white and yellow and orange sparks.

The woman slumped beside her, hand falling from Amanda’s hair and she caught a glimpse of movement, a man beckon her forward; obediently, she slid forward to crawl towards him languidly, knowing again that she was the main object of attention within the room, the object of desire; for all it seemed, except one. She felt the man’s cock swell in her mouth and took it deep into her throat hearing his gasp of satisfaction as she sucked on it and swallowed him down briefly wondering if this was another skill possessed by all Adventuresses.

After this she danced again, danced for him, watching him but making a point of not meeting his eyes, not letting him see her need and when she finished, she fell to her knees in front of the Druidess again. The woman grinned lopsidedly down at her, eyes glazed, pupils tiny and held the mouthpiece of her pipe to Amanda’s lips.

Amanda took a deep draw feeling the smoke once again fill her lungs and the fumes fill her mind, crystals sparking once again in her vision then, as her mind cleared, she climbed to her feet the world swaying around her or perhaps it was her that was swaying, moving seductively, rolling her hips and displaying her body…

---

‘You’d better come through.’ Prospero lifted a section of the counter and beckoned Ellie through, then led her past the curtain into the back of the shop which was clearly his workshop. There was a workbench littered with tools and partially constructed artefacts. A layer of dust coated the floor. There were a number of larger structures under dust sheets and Ellie guessed these were more Gordian artefacts. In the corner of the room was a small bed with a chest at the foot.

‘You have any illusionist spells yet?’ he asked conversationally.

‘Illusionist?’ Ellie frowned.

‘Don’t Seductresses get it as an option?’

Ellie remembered she’d read about it but had discounted this option. She’d skipped the chapter in Madam So’s book too. ‘I hadn’t really given it much thought,’ she said. ‘It doesn’t come up until Level 5.’

He turned and looked at her. ‘It’s a little complicated at the start,’ he said, ‘but you’d find it rewarding.’ He strode towards one of the large machines. ‘All magic is.’ He pulled off the dust sheet with a flourish to reveal what lay underneath.

The machine was made of a square metal frame with something that resembled a saddle hanging from four chains in the centre. There were short stirrups hanging from the saddle and several rings that looked as if they were designed to restrain whoever was sitting on it.

‘What’s…?’

‘Gordian orgasmatron,’ Prospero said with a touch of pride. ‘This can be used to give a girl a good time but also…milk a Seductress. It’s a replica, of course, but it is fully functioning.’

‘And will it cure my…problem?’

He paused for a moment. ’Oh, yes, should do,’ he said with a smile.

‘I’m guessing I sit there,' she pointed to the saddle, ‘and I have to be tied up.’

‘This is the Slave City of Thoth. If one of us isn’t tied up we’re not doing it right.’

Ellie sighed. ‘How do you want me?’

‘Naked would be a good start.’

‘That wasn’t in our Bargain.’

‘As you wish,' he shrugged.

Prospero pulled a leather restraint with multiple straps and buckles from a box fastened to one pillar of the artefact’s frame. ‘Hands behind your back.’

Ellie sighed as she complied and the Artificer spent the next ten minutes lacing and strapping her arms behind her, pinning them together and then tightening the straps across her shoulders to keep the sheath in place. A collar came next, high and padded to force her neck up then cuffs around her ankles and thighs.

‘Does the bondage have to be quite so extreme?’

‘We haven’t got started yet, Sugar,’ Prospero said, ‘besides, this is a powerful artefact, we don’t want bits of you flailing around.’

‘‘Of course not,’ she said a little sourly. ‘Actually, it’s Honey. My name is Honey.’

‘I can see why,’ he said, pulling another strap just a little tighter.

Ellie watched helplessly as Propero reached into the box again and produced something that looked like figure ‘8’.

‘Surely they don’t need restraining too.’

‘This is part of the mechanism,’ Prospero said with the air of a man enjoying his work.

‘I hope it’s big enough.’

‘The slaves Gord was working with had mostly been enhanced. You’d have fitted right in.’

‘Go on then.’ Ellie pushed her chest forward and Prospero opened the metal clamp before lifting her breasts and placing the lower half of the clamp under them then he swung the top half closed, ratcheting it tight.

‘Ow!’ Ellie looked down at her clamped breasts. ‘This is going to work?’

‘By the time I’m finished you'll be cumming like a Kristal on heat.’

Ellie rolled her eyes.

‘Be right back.’ Prospero bent and moved a lever on the machine then began to pull it towards the door of the workshop.

‘Where are you going?’

‘I’m about to have a busty blonde Seductress on a fully working Gordian artefact. You’re going in the window.’

‘That wasn’t in the Bargain.’

‘I let you keep your clothes on,’ he said, ‘besides, you want to be cured?’

Ellie shrugged resignedly as she thought about the torment of another week without an orgasm.

‘Ok.’

‘If it’s any consolation, this publicity will be getting me a whole lot of XPs if it works.’

‘It’s no help,’ Ellie said, watching helplessly as he pulled open the doors of the workshop and removed the original machine then pushed the orgasmatron into the window.

‘Come on.’ Prospero moved the lever and applied the brake then folded down the steps.

Ellie followed and put her foot on the first one.

‘Not quite yet.’ The Artificer placed a hand on her belly to hold her back then held up a head harness; it had a serious looking gag attached and was clearly designed to blindfold her too.

‘Is that necessary?’

‘How many days have you gone without cumming?’ he asked.

‘Two,’ she said with a shudder. ‘Three if you don’t count the one I had in my sleep.’

‘Then it’s going to be a bumpy ride, and I have neighbours.’

‘Do what you must.’ Ellie opened her mouth to take the gag, a thick phallus that looked like it would completely fill her mouth, then stood patiently as he strapped it in place, buckling the gag strap tightly behind her head then pulling other the straps over her head and positioning the leather pads over her eyes before fastening them in place. Finally, he tightened the gag another notch and then did up the straps under her chin pulling her teeth tight against the rubber phallus. It was only marginally less brutal than the magical one Caliban had created for her when she was in the pillory in Hometown.

Blind and helpless, she allowed herself to be guided up onto the frame, where he helped her lift her leg over the saddle and sit squarely on it as it swung beneath her on the chains. The way the device made her sit left her feeling immediately vulnerable, her thighs spread and it was immediately obvious that there was a hole in the saddle at a particularly crucial spot. The whole set up reminded her of her need.

Prospero lifted her feet, sliding them into the stirrups and locking her ankle cuffs to them.

‘Lean forwards,' he tugged on her collar and she obeyed feeling a sudden coldness against her bottom.

‘Nnggh!’

Something long and thin was pushed into her sphincter and inflated.’

‘Nnnnngghh!’

He clipped thigh cuffs in place and guided her upright before clipping chains from each of the four chains supporting the saddle to her collar.

Nipple clamps came next, collars that tightened round her nipples like the steel press did around her breasts and then something attached to them, stretching them and, she guessed, he’d tied to the frame of the device so that when she moved or the saddle swung her nipples would be stretched.

‘Nnngh!’

‘It will be worth it.’ He patted her on the bottom.

‘Igabdabe,’ she said, although the gag was so large it prevented any meaningful communication. She meant it though, ‘it had better be’, the device had better work. And, being handled this way was increasing her need. Goldie had told her she would find a ‘style’ for her seduction and that would become more natural to her. Deep down, Ellie knew the game was rewarding her for playing submissive. The thought brought on a flurry of XPs and she squirmed on the saddle making it swing and feeling the tug of the clamps, the press of the plug into her bottom.

A few more XPs trickled in.

‘Mnngh.’

‘I knew you’d come round.’

‘Unnngh!’ Ellie shook her head and heard chains click.

‘Sure you have.’ He struck her breasts with something.

‘Heegh!’

‘Just warming you up,’ he said laughing. ‘You’re not telling me Gord’s slaves didn’t benefit from a bit of foreplay when they were being loaded up.’

‘Unngghhhh.’ Ellie cried out as her nipples were stretched further, weights she guessed now hung from the chains linking them to the artefact’s frame.

‘Nearly there,’ Prospero said.

There was a pause and then something pressed on Ellie’s sex.

‘This is the nub of the device,’ Prospero said.

If she’d not been gagged, she would have been able to tell him that.

Something slid inside her, something large.

‘Ahhhhhhhhh.’

It was very large…but not unpleasant, not in her current state.

‘I’d say you were about ready.’

Ellie nodded the fraction the collar allowed, realising too late it was enough to make her start to drool and she felt saliva flow over her lower lip and run down her chin. The movement made the saddle swing too, tugging on her clamped nipples and making the rectal plug push further inside her.

‘Unggh!’

How far was the dildo going inside?

When it stopped, she felt completely full, as if any movement might split her in half.

‘You’ll get used to it.’ Prospero told her, apparently realising her distress but clearly not concerned by it.

It wasn’t just a phallus inside her either, there was something pressing firmly and insistently against her sex, several somethings, she thought, arranged along each of her labia and another on her clitoris, rough things…deliciously rough.

She hadn’t thought it would be possible to feel more aroused but suddenly she did. If she could she’d probably have bitten her lip with need and anxiety. If this didn’t work she’d probably have to get herself killed in the next encounter to avoid another week of feeling like this.

‘So this device,’ Prospero said conversationally, ‘was designed to provide constant stimulation to Gord’s slaves. The archives say he had about twenty of them and each slave was made to ride it at least once per week from sunrise to sunset. If a girl had not achieved the required number of orgasms she was left on it all night.’ As he spoke, Ellie could hear and feel him working on the artefact, moving levers, checking connections. ‘Did I mention that some slaves died of ecstasy during this sort of training?’

‘Unnk.’ Ellie was fairly sure he hadn’t but right now that sounded an acceptable option.

‘Don’t worry, I think it will only take a couple of hours to get you climaxing again but I’ll probably give you about four just to be certain.’

‘Ummph.’

‘That’s the spirit.’ He slapped her bottom again making the saddle swing. ‘You don’t mind if I draw off a little extra essence while I charge the wands, do you?’

‘Unghhhkkk.’

With the way she’d been handled, the phalluses inside her and the attachments to her breasts and nipples, Ellie could feel the response in her body. The now constant trickle of XPs added to her arousal and suggested that, camp as he may be, Prospero was enjoying himself. She hoped the Artificer had the power to cure her…problem. She remembered the poor wretches she had seen in the Vampires’ lair, constantly stimulated and kept from orgasm as their tormentors fed on their sexual energy. If she couldn’t cum would she go mad from unsatisfied sexual desire just like the other victims of the Libido Vampires?

And how long had Goldie said that Seductress in the Cabinet of Delights had been there. If she ever got back to HomeTown she’d go and rescue the poor girl.

‘Ready?’ Prospero asked.

‘Mmmm!’ Ellie nodded a fraction, her chains clicking. She was drooling freely now, panting a little around the gag in her mouth and saliva was trickling onto her breasts but she didn’t care. She’d cum soon.

*Please Aphrodite, make this work!*

‘For a Seductress a couple of days must equate to a month for everyone else.’

‘Mmmm.’

She felt an increased pull on her nipple clamps.

‘Innkk.’

‘Here goes.’

‘Mmmnn!’ Ellie braced though she wasn’t sure what for or whether it would help.

---

The sensation was strange. There was physical stimulation, the rub of the saddle, the thrust of the dildos, the gentle tug on her nipples and, if she was honest, the excitement of finding herself in bondage again; but there was also magic, she sensed its presence even as she felt its effects. She’d experienced the arousal of Caliban’s magical teasing and the semi-magical touch of Cordelia when the vampire had teased her but nothing prepared her for this. Did the Seductress in the Cabinet of Delights endure this sort of arousal? It was like a gentle teasing of her skin, lover’s kiss, no, less than that at first, a lover’s breath, then the brush of lips, the touch of tongue but it seemed to happen everywhere at once, every erogenous zone, every inch of skin, every nerve ending in her body stimulated with the goal of pleasing her.

And it built, and built…and built.

It was perhaps understandable that a girl would need to be restrained for sex in any form if it was as good as this. Women, her brain began to tell her, were born to be sex objects, shaped to please men; objects that needed to be kept in their place, kept ready for use. As a Seductress she had the skills to be the perfect sex toy, it was only natural that she desired to be kept restrained; if she was kept restrained and she pleased her master she would be allowed to cum and she really wanted to cum.

The stimulation built…

Ellie squirmed in frustration, riding the dildos, aware of the wet squelches as she bucked violently, making the saddle swing so wildly she thought her nipples might be torn off; she ground on the rough surface of the saddle where it pressed against her labia and the button under her clit that was pounding it mercilessly.

‘Ugg, blsh.’ She gasped around the gag. *Please let me cum.*

The stimulation built further…

She’d thought it was bad before but now it was unbearable, torture. She squirmed and writhed and bucked and screamed her whole body wracked with the need to climax as if clawing her way to orgasm through fire.

And it went on building…

---

As her vision cleared, Amanda found herself face to face with a Kristal; the blonde’s wrists were cuffed and as she looked at the other slave’s body she felt her own hands pulled behind her back and cuffed together. She looked up, locking her gaze onto the blonde’s grey-blue eyes as the music changed, her body beginning to sway to the new rhythm. The Kristal moved too, returning Amanda’s gaze, her body swaying, their naked bodies inches apart, breasts so close that when either of them leaned forward their nipples brushed the skin of the other. The Kristal smiled at the first contact, her blue eyes shining, soft pink lips curling, with teeth flashing and she took a deliberate step forward so that their breasts began to rub gently together and with another step, their bellies touched, their mons and thighs; leaving their lips so close that Amanda could feel the other woman’s breath and could kiss her should she choose.

Then the Kristal spun away, blonde hair flying as she whipped her head back, her body writhing sensually. Amanda followed her, thrusting her breasts forward and then her hips, the cuffs on her wrists barely noticeable as she flaunted herself again, shaking her breasts and bending to display her sex wantonly.

She knew those seated around were comparing them and strove to please them all, basking in their attention and unconcealed lust and when the Kristal come to stand in front of her again, panting and pouting and pressing herself against Amanda’s body, Amanda kissed her passionately then swept her leg away and dropped on top of her pinning her to the floor between her thighs before leaning forward and kissing her again on the mouth. The slave squirmed underneath her but only in a way that excited them both as their tongues played in each others’ mouths.

‘Tongue me, you bitch,’ Amanda whispered hoarsely as their lips parted for a moment.

‘Yes, Mistress,’ the slave hissed back, pouting and Amanda crawled forward so that her thighs were spread on either side of the Kristal’s face and the blonde’s breath was hot on her pussy. ‘If you’re sure you can handle it.’ The girl added before planting a kiss on Amanda’s drooling sex.

---

#### Chapter 62: Orgasms

---

The Kristal was good, and Amanda howled with pleasure at what felt like the most intense cunnilingus she had ever enjoyed, the slave’s hot tongue probing and teasing, firm lips caressing, teeth biting and nibbling until the kneeling brunette was squirming in a frenzy of near ecstasy, her juices gushing into the other woman’s mouth, her labia tingling and her clit throbbing. She was so enthralled, so totally balanced on the cusp of what was about to be the biggest orgasm of her life that when the whip fell across her breasts she yelped in surprise. It was enough to push her over the edge, enough to generate an explosion that ravaged her avatar body, a deep howl of lust escaping her throat as the twin peaks of her swollen, massively engorged nipples began to throb, the ecstasy spreading through her breasts and filling her chest in a way that made her gasp even as the sensations in her pussy flooded into her belly making every muscle spasm in an unceasing rhythm of pleasure.

‘Fuck, fuck, fuck…’ She didn’t want it to stop, didn’t want the pleasure to end but as it finally subsided, she looked at him, at Luci, and saw him regarding her with amusement.

The whip had been falling repeatedly on her breasts, knotted leather cutting and bruising; there are flecks of blood across the tight skin and she dimly wondered where they had come from. Looking up, her vision clearing, she saw the innkeeper holding a knotted cat preparing to bring it down on her breasts again and she shoved them forward, demanding that he whip her again, screaming as she finally felt the pain triumph over the pleasure still pulsing in her body.

He smiled down at her and dropped the whip beside her, making her look down and see the Kristal’s blue eyes shining up at her, her face and hair wet with Amanda’s juices. She looked up at Luci again, then bent and picked the whip up with her teeth, lifting her head again, tossing her hair then crawled towards him, her eyes fixed on his, coming to kneel before him and dropping the whip as she spread her knees, once again offering herself to him; then watched with mounting excitement despite her recent climax as he bent down and retrieved it.

---

‘Punish me, Master,’ Amanda begged, lifting her gaze to meet those blue eyes.

He regarded her cooly, then he casually tossed the whip towards the Kristal who lay panting in the centre of the room, her legs spread.

‘Bastard!’ Amanda said softly, then more loudly. ‘You bastard!’

Without thinking she tensed against her cuffs, shoulders straining, arms tensing, muscles bunching and with a tear of metal, the cuffs buckled, her arms flying out and for a moment, she saw him flinch, saw actual fear in those cool blue eyes but despite her fury she knew would not truly harm him. She surged to her feet, growling in her throat looking for something to take his place on which she could vent her fury; grasping a table of food and drink, she wrenched it over sending plates crashing and smashing glasses as, still enraged, she kicked over a lamp spilling oil, the flames flaring in her eyes as she took up the witch’s pipe and hurled it at a crystal mirror shattering it so that shards burst across the floor then, bending, she grabbed the startled Kristal by her long blonde hair and hauled her to her feet…

It was at that moment they hit her, a dozen men, possibly more, strong hands holding her, restraining her, forcing her to yield despite her spitting, biting, clawing rage; dragging her relentlessly to a wooden post where they began to lash her with leather thongs; binding her on her knees, pinning her wrists and her arms and her elbows, tightening more strands around her belly and chest, between her breasts, across her neck, pinning her back to the heavy post; then forcing a gag into her mouth. She knelt in impotent fury, wishing she’d targeted him rather than venting her fury in other ways.

Looking up she saw the innkeeper standing before her. ’Your mistress needs to start charging more,’ he said. ‘I will pay double to keep you another night.’

Amanda glowered up at him, straining against her bonds, the magical strength of her Feat now faded even as she enjoyed the thrill of the experience it had given her. Coming back to her senses she saw that, around her, other slaves were clearing up the debris of her rage, smothering the last of the flames, sweeping away the shattered glass, collecting the spilled plates and goblets.

---

Even with the venom still in her system Ellie wondered if Honey’s body might have been convulsing violently by now if her arousal was not being milked. That poor Seductress in the Cabinet back in HomeTown must feel like this constantly and those slaves kept by the libido vampires…

She couldn’t take any more, she was going to explode with need, burst with lust, go mad with desire.

And the stimulation was still building…

She certainly understood why a girl on one of these devices needed to be restrained.

Then it hit her, like the water from a dam that has been broken, a tsunami of pleasure crashing over her helpless body, washing her away in a tide of lust so that she tumbled over and over in a series of orgasms, each more intense than the last and she wondered if she might indeed die or go mad but for a whole different reason, drowned or battered in a tumultuous sea of pleasure.

Ellie knew she was screaming but couldn’t stop, all she could do was endure and enjoy.

---

Over the next hour or two, Amanda’s gag was regularly removed as a variety of cocks and pussy’s demanded her attention. She gave the same service as the Kristal, complete, obedient and supremely talented. Then, finally, with cum and pussy juice across her chest and her stomach full of the seed of others, she found him standing in front of her.

‘Mand.’ He removed her gag again.

She glowed up at him.

‘Just put your cock in my mouth you shit,’ she growled up at him.

‘Not a chance,’ he said with a smile. ‘I’ve just paid a small fortune for you for the rest of the night.’

She looked up at him, amazed.

He drew a knife and held it to her cheek; she felt the sharpness of the point. ‘You have become quite the Adventuress.’

She paused for a moment. ‘I had a good teacher.’

‘You sure did.’ He took the blade away from her face and stepped behind her, slicing the leather thongs, freeing her.

‘I should kill you,’ Amanda said darkly,

‘Probably,’ he said. ‘But maybe leave it until the morning.’

‘Yes, Master.’ Amanda dropped to all fours and crawled after him.

---

When the machine stopped, Ellie felt like a child who’d had her favourite toy taken from her and at that moment she would have given anything to get it back.

‘Blsh…,’ she begged. ‘Dn’d shtb.’ She was aware of noises around her, voices, a smattering of applause. The sounds of a crowd, audible above her own harsh breathing. She was sure she heard the jingle of a cash register.

Experience continued to ripple through her body.

She sat rocking on the saddle, trying to regain that indescribable rush of pleasure but could only manage a few small orgasms, each pleasurable but not anything like she had just experienced.

Slowly, the sounds around her faded, the door bell jingled a few times and she felt her body return to normal, breathing settling, the heat inside her dissipating. Then she felt Prospero’s hands on the straps of her blindfold and gag. In a moment, light flooded her vision and she screwed her eyes tight, her senses reeling from this onslaught.

‘You ok?’.

‘Mmmph.’ She nodded weakly, feeling the stiffness in her neck and hearing the chain click. He began to ease the huge gag from her mouth, pulling the straps from her hair.

‘Thanksh,’ she gasped realising she had drooled on his hand.

‘You almost overloaded the magical collectors.’ Prospero said with a slight smirk. ‘You really are hot.’

‘Smokin’!’ Ellie flashed him a smile. ‘I take it I’m cured.’

‘I think we can take that as read,’he said.

‘And you got your Wands charged.’

‘Charged and sold,’ he said with a grin. ‘Business has been brisk.’

‘I did I hear…people,’ she said.

‘Oh, you attracted one hell of a crowd, Sugar,’ Prospero said.

‘It’s Honey,’ Ellie said. ‘My name is Honey. Look! Could you untie me?’

‘You know I could make a fortune keeping you here like this.’

Ellie struggled but the straps held her completely immobile.

‘Don’t worry,’ Prospero told her. ‘We made a Bargain.’

Ellie moaned as the Artificer removed the clips from nipples and then the breast press. Then he freed her legs from the stirrups and undid the chains to her collar before helping her off the saddle.

With difficulty and no little reluctance, Ellie slid from the machine, climbing down the steps unsteadily, Prospero supporting her. As she reached the bottom step, she stumbled, falling against him and felt him catch her. He was strong for a mage, toned. It was the touch that did it; that and his handsome face, with its thick dark hair, his prominent nose and full lips.

Desire flooded through her despite what had just happened.

‘I need to go back in the machine,’ she said urgently.

‘It needs recharging,’ he said.

‘Then find me another one.’ Ellie felt a wave of sexual need break over her; a kind of land-sickness after the tumult of the ride on the saddle, a rush of sensation and one that did not pass.

‘What’s the matter?’ Prospero’s voice rose in pitch and she registered his nervousness.

She took a deep breath and there was calm for a moment, the eye of the storm.

Then it hit her again and she reeled.

‘Fuck.’

‘Sugar…?’ Prospero’s expression changed and he backed away.

Her heightened senses showed her the first tiny beads of sweat on his face and she smelt his fear and her body tingled at the joy of it. She straightened deliberately, drawing herself up to her full height.

‘MY NAME IS HONEY,’ She said. ‘And Honey NEEDS TO CUM…’ Her voice dropped an octave and three states.

‘What?’

She took a step towards him. ‘NOW PRETTY BOY…’ Pushing her huge breasts against his chest. ‘DON’T KEEP HONEY WAITING…’

Prospero took a step backwards. ‘Sugar…’

‘HONEY!’

‘Honey!’

She sensed he was using a Charm but it was hurriedly cast and she shook it off.

‘GET YOUR KIT OFF PRETTY BOY…’ Her arms were still restrained but she reached out and tore at his robes with her teeth exposing his leanly muscled chest, the black tattoo of the Artificer; an eye with light radiating, the ink black against the lesser blackness of his skin. He had a nipple piercing too and she toyed with it using her tongue.

She sensed his fingers clutching at her left breast trying to slide a ring over the nipple, something to calm her down presumably. She shook her huge chest aside sending the ring bouncing across the workshop floor and butted against him forcing him back into the workshop and up against the wall.

‘Naughty boy!’ she said, tossing her head to clear the hair from her vision.

‘Oh my,’ Prospero gasped, evidently on the defensive. ‘Sugar…Honey you must realise I don’t normally do this kind of…’

‘You know you want me, Pretty Boy,’ she said, pressing herself harder against him. ‘I can feel it.’

Prospero tried to look down but they both knew his cock was rigid against her and she kissed him with a furious passion until his cock twitched.

‘Now we understand each other.’ She leaned away from him, slightly grinding her sex against his erection. She smiled manically. ‘Not just a pretty face.’ Her leg slid up his, inner thigh rubbing against his hip and she sensed his mood change.

‘Perhaps…just this once,’ he whispered softly, ‘but you must swear to secrecy. I have a reputation to maintain.’

‘Such a naughty boy.’ She kissed him again, forcing her tongue into his mouth as she continued to rub herself against his crotch, crushing her breasts against his chest. The tingling in her pussy and sex were the only things that were important to her until she felt his fist in her hair, pulling her away so he could breathe. ‘Aphrodite’s huge tits, I love bondage.’

‘Sugar…’

‘MY NAME IS HONEY…,’ she growled, ‘you naughty, naughty boy.’

‘Honey, it’s you that's being a naughty girl,’ he said, shaking his head, his resolve obviously weakening.

‘You don’t know the half of it, Pretty Boy,’ she told him, squirming in his grip. ‘I’m suuuch a bad girl…,’ she whispered the words breathily with excitement. ‘Such a naughty…dirty, dirty girl…a filthy, slutty whore…’ The words tumbled out. ‘A really naughty little girl who needs a thorough spanking…’

‘I’ll spank you,’ Prospero held up his hands trying to humour her, placate her.

‘I expect you to spank me until my bottom is red…’

‘I can do that…’

‘And then I need you fuck me like the filthy little slut I am…’
