---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/dungeons_and_dragons20.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Dungeons and Dragons
authors:
- thepinkbishop
tags:
- M/f
- F/m
- fantasy
- vr
- majick
- pillory
- public
- bond
- anal
- cuffs
- collar
- leash
- gag
- oral
- sex
- display
- hood
- machine
- cons
- XX
date: 2026-02-28 00:00:00
---

### Part 20

---

#### Chapter 90: A Woman Scorned

---

Amanda looked at the small pot in her hand. It was, she thought, a little strange that one could buy or indeed might need to buy vaseline in Fantasia X or, perhaps, there should be an abundant supply of it.

The brandy had given her just a small amount of courage. Being a Level 4 Adventuress who’d just dumped her dominant (or was that domineering?) lover/boss did the rest. The sensation made her partly regret the decision not to go into the wilderness with the warriors; she was sure she could have held her own.

The palace clock struck ten fifteen as she entered the bar.

This wasn’t the hedonistic ambiance of ‘The Pleasure Dome’ but the spit and sawdust of ‘The Forgotten Hero’.

It wasn’t a great name but she hadn’t come to enjoy the comforts of home or fine conversation. She propped herself at the bar and waved to the half-orc barman.

The first shot burned as it went down; the second did the same. By the fifth she barely noticed.

By the time the clock struck eleven, probably after the seventh or maybe the eighth shot, she felt ready for her a little more adventuring so she reeled up to the biggest man in the room, a one-eyed assassin who, on reflection, she thought had been quite handsome despite the eyepatch; at least he was until she’d broken his nose.

As the watch arrested her, she’d had a slight anxiety that being put in the pillory before midday would leave her in the uptight position and set her up as the target for assault with rotting fruit rather than the assaults she wanted. Had she known, she would almost certainly have been consoled to know that she had, unknowingly, gained revenge for her daughter’s kidnap and torture, by punching the Master of the Assassin’s guild. It also sealed her fate as, being a member of Thoth’s council, it didn’t take him long to pull a few strings and ensure she was pilloried for the remaining thirty odd hours of her stay in Thoth bent over at the waist and stripped naked to ensure she would learn her lesson.

Had he had the opportunity to punish her himself, he might have noticed the vaseline spread liberally across Amanda’s sex and around her anus. He might also have construed a way of exacting his revenge in a way that ensured Amanda didn’t accrue multiple XPs but then, Adventuresses are supposed to be tough and Amanda might have gained XPs from torture.

As it was, he inadvertently set Amanda up for thirty hours of the wildest, kinkiest sex she’d ever enjoyed or even imagined involving a mix of anal, oral and vaginal abuse, a decent amount of magical teasing, repeated humiliation and some serious spanking.

---

As she left Frills and Thrills, Ellie rekindled the illusion, turning herself from Honey into Ellie. Honey was back in black leather; wet look black bra, tight shiny corset that made even Honey’s waist narrower, black leather thong and thigh high toe boots. Aside from the corset it had been surprisingly expensive considering it covered almost nothing of her luscious body but the money she’d obtained from renting out Maiko amounted to a small fortune here in Thoth and the elf had been very pleased to see her again.

After an hour in the shop, she found she was feeling very dominant.

Illusory Ellie wore a slightly more toned down version, but it definitely had a dominant feel with a black leather corset style minidress with tulle skirt, fishnet stockings and ankle high black toe boots. As she walked, she added a spiked collar, fingerless leather gloves; then gave herself black eyeliner, cherry red lips, a nose ring and long black glossy nails.

She spotted Ezio waiting by the water fountain as she swaggered into the square, recognising his posture and his dark hair which, she noticed, he now wore loose. He was dressed in a long dark trench coat, not the leather armour of the Assassin and as she approached she saw that he was bare chested beneath it. His dark eyes seemed to pick her out and she thought he had recognised her but then she saw him frown and look away. She felt a rush of pleasure that the illusion had fooled him, mingled with a disappointment that Ellie did not attract him. Then his gaze returned to her; there were over a hundred women in the square in various states of undress including the two hucows with their huge breasts, a dozen hot pony girls and a slave market in progress and she smiled at the thought that he had singled out her body.

Seeing him watching her made Ellie more flirtatious and she began to sway her hips, and thrust out her chest, her eyes seeking his, lips pouting; then as she approached she winked at him enjoying the mixture of expressions on his face.

As she passed him, she turned.

Ellie wasn’t particularly proud of her breasts but her rear view wasn’t bad and wanted him to watch her.

He did.

She winked again then raised her hand and hooked her finger, beckoning him.

He looked around and, to her surprise, followed.

She stopped and turned.

‘Are you waiting for someone?’ she asked.

‘You.’

She was flattered that he was flirting with her but also annoyed that he didn’t seem bothered about waiting for Honey. ’I meant someone else,’ she said, feeling flustered.

‘No, Honey,’ he said, patiently, ‘I’m waiting for you.’

She stood open-mouthed as he came towards her.

‘You have a certain way of walking,’ he told her, his lips curling into a smile, his thin face taking on an animation that she had noticed when he felt passionate about something. ‘It’s something Assassins are trained to spot. Illusions can’t hide it.’

‘Oh,’ A rush of disappointment washed over her. After all the feats Honey the Seductress had achieved, she’d utterly failed to deceive him.

‘Besides...’ he continued pointing down. ‘You forgot about your shadow.’

She looked down to see the shadow of a girl with a tiny waist, huge breasts and long hair.

Ellie frowned. Though she had to admit, even Honey’s shadow looked beautiful.

‘We’d better go somewhere a little more private,’ she told him, glancing round. ‘If you’ve spotted me, I can’t believe your Assassin friends won’t.’

‘If it helps,’ he said. ‘I think everyone else is fooled.’ He stepped toward her. ‘This is you, isn’t it? The real you.’

Ellie felt herself blush, something that transferred from Honey to her illusion and she knew her illusion flickered.

‘Wow!’ His eyes widened and the moment was lost.

Ellie forced a smile. ‘If you’re a good boy, you can have us both.’

She blushed again, suddenly realising she wasn’t just playing Honey.

‘What have you been up to?’ Ellie asked looking up into his eyes feeling a rush of sensation - he was appraising her - the real her.

There was something different about him. She didn’t need the powers of a Seductress to see the lightness in his mood, a change in his demeanour; the casual relaxation of his posture. Then there was the long coat, the tattoo on his chest, the long hair hanging across his shoulders. The tattoo on his chest!

An eye and rays of light - the sign of the Artificer. ‘What’s that?’ She couldn’t help pointing.

‘I changed Class.’ He was trying to sound casual.

‘What?’

‘I decided being an Assassin wasn’t for me and after the robbery at the Gordian Palace there were rumours…’ He glanced around. ‘Anyway, I went to see the DM and he let me transfer at a 50% penalty so I’m already near Level 2.’

‘I certainly approve of the new look.’ She took a step towards him. ‘Way more natural.’

‘I’m apprenticed to Prospero...’ he told her. ‘That Artificer…’

‘Yes, I remember him.’ Ellie thought of her afternoon on the window of his shop as he’d ‘milked’ her. ‘Didn’t your old boss have something to say about you switching?’

‘That’s the weird thing. He didn’t seem to mind at all.’ He frowned. ‘He didn’t even seem to care that I might have been involved in the robbery at the palace.’

‘Look, Ezio. It’s really good to see you but I think we should get out of the main square. You might be safe on this new path but I’m probably still wanted and it's hard work holding this illusion. And...’ she paused. ‘Do you know what “the quickening” is for a Seductress?’

He looked at her in surprise. ‘Yeah, it’s one of the penalties of the class. A Seductress needs...’ a smile crept onto his face, ‘…sex on a regular basis…’

‘I haven’t had it for nearly two days…’ She let Honey’s pout shape her features, her mouth close to his ear. ‘Can you imagine how that feels?’

He looked into her eyes.

‘I can imagine.’

’There’s something else too.’

‘Ok?’ Ezio licked his lips.

‘If I don’t get some action soon, there’s no knowing what I might do.’

She pressed herself against him, feeling his erection against her thigh.

‘Just as well I brought these then.’ He slid his hand into his pocket and brought out a pair of handcuffs.

Ellie smiled, finding herself trembling at the sight of the restraints. Resisting the urge to masturbate on the way to Thoth had taken a huge amount of effort but she was fairly sure it was going to be worth it.’

‘Last time we…er, met. I was supposed to cuff you,’ he said, slightly awkwardly. ‘I didn’t want to take any chances.’

‘You mean you don’t trust me?’ Ellie’s face took on one of Honey’s which said ‘butter wouldn’t melt’.

‘You’re way higher level than me and I really don’t want to take a Critical Strike from a 5th Level character.’

She hid her smirk by turning round, and put her hands behind her back.

She almost climaxed as he ratcheted the cuffs shut on her wrists.

‘Honey,’ he said suddenly.

‘What?’ She half turned.

‘You’re Honey again.’

She’d completely forgotten about the illusion.

‘We’d better go then.’

He produced a leather thong from the other pocket of his coat and slipped it through the ring in her collar.

‘You do know what Prospero does?’ Ezio asked, suddenly guarded.

‘He’s a kinky sod who makes magical sex toys,’ she told him.

‘And you’re ok with that?’

‘I’m a Seductress.’ She told him. ‘Of course I’m ok with that. My current craving will only be satisfied by some seriously kinky sex. And I’m expecting really tight bondage with perhaps a little spanking.’

‘That’s fortunate.’ He began to smirk. ‘Because he’s out of town this weekend and I have the run of his studio.’

Ellie looked up at him with wide eyes. ‘Fuck. No!’

‘Fuck yeah.’

‘You are a very naughty boy!’ She told him as he turned away pulling her behind him. ‘At least I hope you are.’

---

#### Chapter 91: Prospero’s Shop

---

Prospero’s shop was much as she’d remembered it although there was a different Gordian artefact in the window and the ladyboy was in a different costume.

Ezio led her through into the workshop.

‘So, how do you want to start?’ he asked looking at her, his eyes, hungry for her, his whole body poised, ready to take her, his cock straining in those very tight leather trousers. He really was very handsome, not that Ellie was particularly concerned about his, but Honey was. And he looked good in that long leather coat. And there was something about that tattoo….

She smiled. ‘Do you know what happens to high level Seductresses?’

She could see his confusion and a tremor of anxiety as she took a step towards him.

‘TAKE OFF THESE CUFFS,’ Honey said.

His eyes widened but her obeyed immediately.

She took hold of the lapels of his coat, pulled it open and yanked it down his arms leaving him bare chested. A tingle of pleasure rippled through her and she held the sides of his face and kissed him hard. Her body tingled again, XPs and an exquisite feeling deep inside her that was nothing to do with experience.

He kissed her back and pushed himself against her, his arms slipping round her waist, his cock hard.

‘You haven’t answered my question, magic boy.’ She put a fist in his hair and pulled his head back. ‘What happens to high level Seductresses?’

‘They get hornier?’ He looked genuinely confused, his eyes flicking down to her breasts and then back up to meet her gaze. ‘Wait, they get more desirable.’

She was pleased with that. She was enjoying his confusion and his evident desire to please her. He’d seemed so confident in the square but was less so now.

‘They get,’ she said, ‘more dominant.’

His eyes widened, his mouth opening, a mix of surprise, anxiety, excitement. The tingle of XPs emboldened her and she pushed him back onto the little bed climbing astride him as he lay in his back, his gaze flicking still between her face and the huge orbs of her breasts bouncing in the way the game rendered them to do.

‘I thought you were in the mood for…’ His voice trailed off.

‘Oh, I’m in the mood for bondage,’ she said, the feeling of dominance rising again. ‘SPREAD ‘EM, MAGIC BOY.’ She hadn’t meant to use another Command but it had come out that way. His dark eyes were filled with a kind of wonder as he looked up at her and she saw him spread his arms looking urgently from side to side as he struggled to reach the shackles at the corners of the bed.

She leaned forward and locked his wrists into the cuffs feeling him nuzzle and kiss her breasts where they pressed against his face. She knelt up looking down at him imperiously.

‘You like these don’t you, magic boy.’ She cupped her huge breasts, playing with them, juggling them for his pleasure and for hers. Her body was pulsing now with need, her excitement on a crescendo.

‘Yes.’ His voice was a hoarse whisper as if his mouth was dry.

‘You mean “Yes, MISTRESS”.’ That edge of command crept into her voice, not a seduction or a persuasion but the AI guiding her just as it had back when she’d seduced the half-orc guards in the kobolds’ temple on her first afternoon in Fantasia X and those Commands she’d used here on Prospero.

He gasped. ‘Yes, Mistress.’

She saw him blush and climbed off him, his eyes following her as she reached for his boot and pulled it off. She removed the other one then she undid his belt and pulled on the laces to his leather trousers. He didn’t resist as she pulled these down his legs leaving him naked or as she spread his legs and locked his ankles into the shackles at the foot of the bed. She stood for a moment, enjoying him spread and helpless, hers entirely, his cock upright, drooling. She wanted to mount him immediately and use him, to ride him and have him cum inside her.

But there were preparations to make. She scanned the magical trinkets; wands and chains, amulets, little phials of potions then spotted the orgasm inhibitor. It probably would have just about fitted around the slim wrists of her avatar.

She walked back to him, aware of his eyes following her.

His cock was drooling.

‘You don’t mind wearing this, do you?’

‘No, Mistress.’ His reply was immediate, his need to please her intense. ‘Above my balls is best.’

She raised an eyebrow at this then she took hold of his scrotum and squeezed until he moaned. Then she slid the ring around them and snapped it shut. She sensed the magic, felt the tingle of XPs at its use, a smile creeping onto her face that she should be rewarded for this.

‘Well,’ she said, releasing his cock. ‘I think we know who’s in charge now.’

‘Yes, Mistress.’

---

She sat down beside him. ‘You know this body is really hot.’ She pressed gently at the top of his sternum with her finger.

He swallowed. ’Thank you Mistress. You’re pretty hot yourself.’

‘Thank you, Slave.’

His eyes fixed on hers and she saw him acknowledge the word.

‘But it’s not going to make me go any easier on you.’ The finger moved down his chest over the tattoo..The skin was still raised and he winced slightly. ‘This is cool too.’

‘Thank you, Mistress.’

‘Mistress?’ He looked up at her with those dark eyes. ‘Could you be her…’

‘Her…?’

‘You.’ He said. ‘I mean if it’s not too tiring or anything. Honey’s fine but I’d like to see her again…the real Ellie.’

Honey’s voice said. ’If you keep talking, Slave, I am going to gag you.’ But inside she was reeling. The image of goth-Ellie flickered into view.

Ezio gasped.

‘Is this what you want, magic boy?’ She ran a long painted nail down his lower belly and then up his cock.

‘Nimue’s tits!’

She smiled at the way the AI had changed what he meant to say and saw him colour.

‘I mean…’

She stopped him with that finger on his lips.

‘You know, seeing you like this, all helpless and in my power, makes me want to hurt you.’

He swallowed.

‘And with this…’ She tapped the ring around his balls. ‘I can go on hurting you all night.’

He paled and lay back looking up at her in total thrall.

---

With Ezio’s full attention on her, Ellie turned and strutted to the foot of the bed, bending to open the chest that she knew must contain Prospero’s non-magical sex toys. She realised that she’d forgotten to give goth-Ellie any knickers; this was, she gathered, Honey’s doing and she smiled as she flashed her bare pussy. She might look like Ellie but here she was Honey, 5th Level Seductress and she’d just finished the chapter of Madam So’s book called ‘The Art of the Dominatrix.’

She stood holding a whip - a short crop, saw his eyes move to it, then to her face; saw his guilty look.

‘What were you looking at then, magic boy?’

‘I…’

‘Don’t lie to your mistress, worm.’ She raised the whip.‘You were ogling my pussy, weren’t you?’

‘I…’

‘You are such a naughty boy.’ She took a step towards him, her heels clicking on the floor and was amused to see him flinch although even as he did so, his cock, twitched just as Madam So said it would.

She touched the whip to his balls and tapped them once, lightly letting the darkness rise in her again.

‘So, tell me, magic boy,’ she said, her face adopting a wicked smile. ‘If I was lying here with my legs apart and you held the whip, would you use it on my pussy?’

‘Honey…Ellie…’

She struck him again a little harder and he gave a high pitched squeak.

‘You would, wouldn’t you. You’d have no scruples about whipping my hot, wet, sensitive pussy before you put your great big wand inside it.’

That was, she thought, a little over the top but the look in his face told him it had the desired effect. She tapped his balls again.

‘But I think you’d start by whipping my tits.’ She slapped the whip down hard on his right nipple and he gasped. ‘Perhaps you’d prefer Honey’s tits.’ She looked down and her bust size swelled to about half the size of Honey’s stretching the minidress making the leather creak and the laces strain.

‘No, Mistress…’

‘Don’t lie to me, magic boy.’ She struck his right nipple. ‘I’ve been strapped down and chained and fucked and beaten by half the men in Fantasia and they all want the same; they like to slap my tits and spank me and put their cocks in my hot pussy. But perhaps you want to stick yours in my tight little ring or maybe you’d prefer me down on my knees sucking you off.’

He was staring up at her wide eyed and she made an effort to control the Dark Seductress.

‘Please, Mistress.’ He blushed furiously, telling Ellie exactly what he was thinking.

‘Then tell me why I shouldn’t punish you.’

He looked up at her and she saw him lick his lips, his face reddening more.

‘You want to be punished, don’t you.’

‘Yes, Mistress.’ He tensed against the bonds.

‘I’m so glad you said that.’ She bent and kissed his right nipple then bit it hard and he screamed.

‘Time for a gag, I think.’

There was a ball gag in the trunk and she buckled it into his mouth.

Then she began to whip him; not hard but stinging slaps on the inside of his thigh, working up towards his balls, then the top of his thigh, Then she want back to his chest, tapping on his nipples, gently at first and then harder until he was writhing, straining, mewling into his gag.

‘Is this what you want, magic-boy?’

He looked at her a little frightened but then nodded.

Ellie the Dark Seductress could have men grovelling at her feet, she could hurt them and they would beg for more. What could she do to him, spread helplessly before her? Whatever she did would be no more than the Master of Assassins had done to her.

She went back to the trunk, bending over again.

‘Enjoy it, magic boy,’ she said looking back. ‘You’re going to get a much closer look soon enough.’

She saw his eyes widen at that.

‘But first I want to find out if you’re ticklish.’

---

It turned out that he was ticklish, very ticklish and by the time Honey had finished his body was drenched in sweat from his struggles. He’d literally begged for the spiked nipple clamps and then the butt plug.

She had enjoyed dripping the hot wax onto his chest most of all.

‘I think you’re ready, don’t you?’ Ellie squeezed his drooling cock.

‘Yesh, Mishdresh.’

Ellie was certainly ready. The pleasure of dominating and tormenting him had left her dripping in anticipation and the steady flow of XPs as her character had explored the darkness and its domination had added to that feeling. Combined with her voluntary abstinence she knew she couldn’t take any more than him.

She couldn’t hold the illusion any longer either and Honey shimmered back into view. With rather more haste than she meant to show, she slid out of her thong and undid her bra leaving the corset and toe boots then she pulled the gag from his mouth.

‘Time to show Mistress how much you love her.’

---

She removed his gag and climbed astride him, knees on either side of his face looking down his body, at his drooling cock. His belly and thighs were soaked with his own secretions.

She couldn't resist flicking his rampant cock with her finger and then squeezing his scrotum beneath the orgasm inhibitor. Then she lowered her sex onto his mouth and nose, grinding it into his face. He struggled for an instant then she felt him push out his tongue. He clearly remembered his lessons from before and she relented letting him explore her sex.

‘Better do a good job magic boy.’

‘Yeth, Mithdreth.’

She felt his lips brush her sex and she shivered. She was about to cum but she wanted a little more pleasure and she lowered herself again, smothering him, felt him kiss her sex and push his tongue deep inside her. The brush of his stubble almost pushed her over the edge.

‘Oh, fuck,’ she thought. ‘I could get used to this.’

She let him up for air when she felt him squirm under her then smothered him again. Then she leaned forward and began working on his cock with her fingers smiling as his balls spasmed against the inhibitor.

That’s what made her climax, that total control over him giving a surge of unbelievable pleasure which shot through her, jarring her so harshly that she had to bite her lip to stop herself from crying out and showing her need. Yet, even as she came, she felt that slight difference - that tug on her alignment. Ellie smiled seeing that her orgasm made his need greater feeling balls spasming constantly against the orgasm inhibitor and, with pleasure still surging through her body she leant forward to torment him the full benefit of Honey’s oral skills.

---

His cock seemed to grow, his balls swell and then suddenly she felt a surge of magic, heard him scream as he came in her mouth, his cum shooting wildly to the back of her throat and her own body shuddered to orgasm again under the rain of XPs as she continued to milk him and suck him.

When she opened her eyes she could see the orgasm inhibitor lying between his legs, smoking and there were scorch marks on his thighs and scrotum.

‘Aphrodite’s cunt, I’m good.’

He struggled beneath her and she realised she was smothering him again. She lifted her lips and heard him gasp.

‘Ezio?’

‘Unnghh.’ He sounded dazed. ‘What just happened?’

‘You shorted out the orgasm inhibitor.’

‘Fuck!’ He jerked beneath her. ‘Is everything…alright down there?’

‘You’ll be fine she told him but there are a few scorch marks and you may need some Healing Lotion?’

‘Unngh?’

The darkness had gone - for the moment at least and she climbed off him. Turning, she saw him struggle, eyes wide, lifting his head to look at his cock. The effect was almost comical and the Dark Seductress within her would almost certainly have laughed cruelly. There was a pot of Healing Lotion on the dressers and she took some, rubbing it into the scorched areas of his cock and balls. He struggled violently as she did so and she was glad she’d left him bound.

‘Don’t be such a baby,’ she chided, pausing to slide the gag back into his mouth.

He protested loudly but fortunately she couldn’t fully understand what he was saying. After a few minutes the redness started to fade and when she examined him, his cock responded immediately to her touch.

‘Back in working order,’ she said, flicking it and making him struggle again.

She released him and helped him to sit up.

‘Are you ok?’ she asked, sitting beside him.

‘I’m fine.’ He was grinning. ‘I can’t believe you made that happen.’

---

#### Chapter 92: The Orgasmatron (again)

---

‘So, Mistress,’ he said, ‘am I still your Slave?’

She smiled and kissed him. ‘No, I release you. I’ve had fun being dominant. Now I think it’s your turn.’

He frowned. ’Are you really into bondage or are you just doing it for me?’

‘Do you really need me to answer that?’

‘And in the real?’ he asked carefully.

‘I don’t know.’ She thought for a moment. ‘I certainly wasn’t before I came here and it did kind of freak me out…’ She paused. ‘My mum and her girlfriend…ex-girlfriend I think now… are…were really into it and just before we came here I found them at it. My mum was cuffed to the bed with clamps on her nipples and she had these anal beads hanging out of her.’

He smiled and she glared at him.

‘It was gross.’

‘I’m sure it was.’ He continued to grin. ‘Can I meet your mum?’

‘Stop it.’ She hit him with a pillow. ‘Anyway, I’m not sure how I’ll feel when I get back. This is my first trip.’

‘You’ve never been here before?’

‘No.’

‘Wow!’

Outside the bell of the Gordian palace chimed.

‘Shit!’ Ezio jumped up. ‘I need to open the shop for the evening rush.’

‘I hoped we could spend the rest of the day together,’ Ellie said. ‘Isn’t it my turn to be tied up?’

‘We can and yes it is.’

---

For the rest of the afternoon and evening Honey found herself posed in the window of the shop again bent over in a device not unlike the pillory she’d spent the night in after her misadventures in HomeTown. Needless to say, as a replica Gordian artefact, it had a few modifications including what looked like HuCow milking cups on her breasts that were intensely stimulating; there was something pressing on her clit too, again intensely stimulating.

Despite this, she hadn’t orgasmed once.

She’d soon realised he was using her to charge wands - lots and lots of wands. This time was a little different, however; whereas Prospero had simply connected her to the machine and harnessed her seductive powers, Ezio was simply charging his customers to put their wands inside her and he was doing a roaring trade.

She was blindfolded and gagged but, she gathered word must have spread and she sensed a crowd around her, imagining a queue of people eager to plug into her like a charging point.

---

‘How was that?’ he asked as he pulled out her gag.

She looked around as the blindfold came away, realising it was dark in the streets.

‘You know we Seductresses can’t orgasm with the Wands of Desire inside us,’ she said, still locked in the pillory. Her body was tense with need and she had to resist the urge to use a Command to make him satisfy it.

‘It must be frustrating,’ he said with obvious amusement. ‘Almost like being strapped down and tickled with an orgasm inhibitor clamped to your balls.’

‘At least I let you cum.’ Honey pouted, shifting her weight in a futile attempt to stimulate herself. Her nipples were throbbing and her pussy drooling down her spread thighs.

‘What do you think would happen if I locked one inside you?’

The thought made her shudder. After just a few hours she could barely control her need. It had been a struggle to control herself on the way to Thoth but she hadn’t been subject to constant stimulation and unseen hands pushing magical dildos onto her sex or any bondage other than asking Maiko to stake her out at night so she couldn’t touch herself.

‘I think I’d probably go mad.’ She remembered the two days after being injected with the vampire venom. ‘In Hometown there is a Merchant who keeps a Seductress in a Cabinet of Delights and uses her to recharge Wands of Desire.’

‘Wow,’ he said. ‘She must be horny as hell.’

‘She’s not the only one,’ Ellie said pointedly. ‘And unless you want another session on the rack you’d better make sure I’m fully satisfied.’

He grinned and slapped her bottom. ‘You are a very naughty girl.’

‘You haven’t seen the half of it yet,’ she said. ‘Which reminds me, unless you’ve got a Collar of Obedience lying around, you’d better keep me gagged or my dark sister will be coming calling.

‘I quite liked her,’ Ezio said. ‘She’s very pretty.’

‘Flattery will get you everywhere.’ Ellie smiled at the comment. ‘But I’m telling you to gag me.’

‘This first.’ He pulled a hood over her head.

‘I thought you said I was pretty,’ she muttered as he drew it closed behind her head.

‘You’re struggling to hold the illusion and we’re going out. I figure this will reduce the chances of being recognised.’

‘I’m not sure it will help that much,’ she said. ‘Most people don’t look at Honey’s face.’

‘You probably have a point.’ He squeezed her breasts and she nearly climaxed.

‘Do we have to go out,’ Ellie asked from inside the hood. ‘Couldn’t we just stay in?’

‘I have a few errands to run and we need to eat,’ he said. ‘Now, open up.’

She obeyed and he gagged her again - a ring gag mounted in a harness.

‘Besides, I like the idea of walking the streets with you naked and leashed behind me.’

He released her from the pillory. She stood, docile, while he strapped her into a body harness then placed her hands in bondage mittens, locking them together in front of her and fastening them to her collar by a chain that was just too short to reach her sex. She tugged on it.

‘Ashded,’ she said, straining her fingers downwards.

‘You’re not the only one who likes to be in control.’ He fed a strap through between her elbows and pulled them towards each other behind her back.

---

A few minutes later, Ellie felt herself being led out into the streets blind and completely helpless. She had a vague sense that he was leading her towards the main square but after that she was completely disorientated.

After several hours under the stimulation of the Gordian machine, she was desperately horny and being led around like this wasn’t helping to calm her down; the harness seemed designed to arouse her too, just not quite enough.

She could sense people around her and hear voices a little muffled by the hood; a Slaver touting her wares; the HuCow farmer selling milk; a Bard busking in at the edge of the square.

She felt his hand on her belly and stopped obediently rubbing her thighs together. A sharp slap on the buttocks made her stand still.

‘These are cute,’ a woman said beside her and Ellie felt a hand squeezing her right breast. ‘Is she for sale?’

Ellie stiffened and then felt a finger slip between her legs making her shudder.

‘Interesting,’ the woman said. ‘May I?’

She thought she should protest but then someone started to play with her nipples and she climaxed violently staggering on her heels until her leash jerked her back into balance.

‘I’ll give you two hundred.’

‘She’s not for sale.’ Ezio said.

For a moment, Ellie was disappointed.

‘Two hundred and fifty,’ the woman said and Ellie registered the Persuasion in her voice.

‘Well…’

Ellie felt panic rising. Her mother might like the idea of being a slave but she didn’t particularly relish it. A little submission or even a lot of submission was fine but what if she ended up in a Cabinet of Delights charging wands for the rest of her time in Fantasia. She really would go mad. And what would happen to Maiko?

‘Like I said,’ Ezio said. ‘She’s not for sale.’

‘Pity.’

A hand, the Slaver’s presumably, squeezed her buttock and then slapped it hard.

‘If you change your mind, I’ll be here tomorrow.’

Ellie was led away and she smiled around her gag, the harness instantly rekindling her excitement as she walked.

---

Ezio continued to lead her around the square and she guessed at some point they must have walked right in front of the Gordian palace. The thought excited her that, here she was, hooded and half naked, her breasts still bare, just another submissive slut in the S&M capital of Fantasia X.

Something pinched her right nipple. There was a tinkling sound.

‘Two Krowns,’ a voice said. ‘I can pierce her if you want the permanent ones.’

‘The clip on bells are fine,’ Ezio said, attaching the second bell to her left nipple and then playing with them.

Ellie staggered again, climaxing.

‘You are a naughty girl.’

‘Esh, Ashder,’ she said through her gag.

‘Can I interest you in the Pain Stick, Sir?’ It was the smallholder again. ‘Twenty charges for a Krown.’

She heard Ezio buy it and wondered what it might feel like.

‘Ou’d edder dage e ome a bangk e.’

‘We need to eat first.’ He said.

Inside the hood Ellie rolled her eyes. ‘I’n eeey oorny,’ she said.

‘Me too.’ He slid his fingers between her legs. ‘But we should eat first.’

He wiped his fingers on her breasts making the bells ring again.

‘Esh, Ashder,’ she said in a disappointed tone.

‘Any more cheek and I’ll use the Pain Stick.’

‘O on ‘en, I are u!’ she said.

Something touched her breast and she felt a sharp sting like a hornet, pain spreading.

‘Ug.’

‘Gonna be a good girl?’

‘Esh Ashder.’

He led her on then stopped her again and he told her to kneel down. She obeyed him, dropping to her knees.

He ordered an ale and something she didn’t quite catch the name of.

‘And for your sub?’ a woman’s voice said.

‘Slave nectar.’

‘Yes, Sir.’

---

The slave nectar was sweet when he tipped a little on her tongue and because of the gag she struggled to swallow it, dribbling some over her lips and down onto her breasts which he wiped off.

‘It takes a bit of getting used to,’ he said, giving her a second sip. ‘The cup’s designed for use with a gag like this one. Some characters spend their whole time here like this.’

Ellie thought she might not mind a day or two assuming she got regular sex. She shifted on her knees making the harness rub against her sex.

‘I can see what you’re doing he said and it won’t work.’

Another sting of pain burst across her breast.

‘That harness you’re wearing is designed to excite but part of the magic’s similar to the orgasm inhibitor but less powerful.’ He laughed. ‘It keeps you aroused but you can’t cum unless something else happens.

Ellie knelt hoping something else would happen soon. She could hear the sounds of the city around her, excited voices and a gradual crescendo of noise. Part of her wished she could see it but there was also an excitement at kneeling here naked and harnessed while hooded and bound. She squirmed again, enjoying the teasing caress of the harness.

‘Od’s appening, Ezio?’

‘Oh, the usual,’ he said. ‘Drinking, debauchery and there’s quite a crowd round the pillory. Some Adventuress took a pop at the Master of Assassins.’

---

#### Chapter 93: Night of Pleasure

---

Ellie jerked awake, crying out into her gag. She could only have been asleep for a moment, surely, but the pain in her breasts suggested otherwise, the magical shock was the apex of the rising punishments, each more severe than the last and she must have slept through all of them. She was strapped tightly to one of the replicas of Gord’s machines, copied and augmented by Prospero, lying on her belly, multiple straps around her body pinning her down, arms fastened punishingly tightly at her sides, legs folded up at the knee and strapped brutally in place; her thighs forced apart to ensure full access to her sex and her head pulled back by a strap from the top of the harness gag she wore attached to a rectal hook. Almost instinctively now, she began to fellate the phallus in her mouth, her tongue running along under it, lips closing as tightly as they were able given the ring gag that forced her mouth open and allowed the device to push its way deep into her throat.

The pain in her breasts abated and she gasped with relief taking care to continue her enforced service on the unrelenting magical artefact.

She didn’t know how long she’d been, lying there, the phallus in her mouth thrusting in gently then withdrawing, in constant need of her tongue and lips even as the other one, equally large pushed relentlessly in and out of her gaping, drooling pussy, a reward for the undivided attention she gave its mate. While she suckled and licked, she received pleasure, the phallus in her pussy pumping rhythmically, the clips on her labia and clitoris and the cups on her breasts teasing her deliciously. Left to her own devices a Seductress could die of pleasure on a device like this happily giving pleasure to the magical phallus in her mouth in return for an unending stream of intense orgasms.

It was only when she stopped her oral ministrations that the pleasure stopped, the artefact turning from carrot to stick, the clips on her genitals and the huge cups adapted from a HuCow milking machine providing an increasing series of magical punishments to ensure she quickly resumed the oral training the device was designed to provide.

Ezio had put her on the machine at some point during the night. It had been the fourth time her need had made her awaken him. After he had enjoyed the pleasure of her body and she his, he had left her bound, snuggling beside her and holding her in his arms as, satisfied they had drifted off to sleep together. However, some time later she had awoken, her need urgent and insinuated her body against his, kissing him around the ring gag and pressing her breasts against him, rubbing her nipples, still bearing the bells on his chest. He had responded and given her the pleasure she desired; he had clearly taken pleasure himself too. He had done the same when she had woken him a second time, her need just as great, her body seemingly burning with it after her afternoon charging the wands and then being lead around the city in the harness. His presence too seemed to kindle the quickening far more than she had previously experienced it.

‘Honey.’ He held her. ‘Not again.’

‘Blsh, Asder.’ She had tried to use a Persuasion but gagged like this there was no way she could make it work.

‘I’m not sure I can.’

‘Ung ug,’ she said, pouting in the darkness. She had taken his cock into her gagged mouth for his third orgasm of the night, giving it all the attention of Honey’s oral skills, still formidable despite the gag.

‘Ok,’ he assented. ‘But then I’m going to put you on the floor so I can get some sleep.’

Despite his apparent reluctance his tongue had been eager and very satisfying, just as it had been with she’d dominated him, pressing into the depths of her pussy then raking over her clit until she had clamped her thighs around his head and bucked her hips. She’d cum just as hard as she had the previous times.

‘Ag u.’ She’d gasped, thanking him. Her body sated although she knew it wouldn’t be for long.

‘I am going to put you on the floor.’ He told her.

‘Esh, Asder.’ The thought of being kept bound, lying helpless beside his bed filling her with excitement. Honey’s submissive tendencies clearly hadn’t left her and, suddenly, the idea of being a slave girl, preferably his slave girl, was intensely appealing. To keep her still, he used ropes to put her in a hogtie that was tighter than the one Val had used. He’d used a rectal hook too, dragging her head back. It was so tight, she could barely move. Being treated like this only fanned the flames of lust inside her; in fact it fanned them so that as she lay utterly helpless and utterly unable to relieve the rising heat within her she thought when her mind surfaced momentarily from her desire that she might explode.

Eventually, driven half mad with frustration she had attempted a Seduction, emitting low lusty moans around her gag. It had failed but the noise she had made had awakened him and, in desperation, he had used the pain stick then carried her into the shop and, placing her on the artefact, had strapped her in place. Then, leaving her to enjoy the full pleasure of the device, he went back to bed closing the door behind him.

---

Since being left here, she had cum repeatedly; strings of intense orgasms wracking her captive body. The original artefact had, though she didn’t know it, been designed with the help of a Seductress called Petra who had become so addicted to it that, the legend said, she had actually died of pleasure upon it and, had Ellie known that, she would certainly have believed it.

When he’d come to her in the morning, removing the phallic trainer and replacing it with his cock she had pleasured him eagerly, barely aware in her ecstasy that, deprived of its own stimulation, the artefact began to punish her. Her pleasure in fellating him had filled her body and the pain of the magical torment simply added to that pleasure so that when he came in her open mouth, his seed spurting into her throat, she had climaxed as much from the pleasure she had given him as from the magical pain burning in her breasts and sex. It was only afterwards that she had screamed, the torment rising to a pitch that she could no longer ignore.

He had simply pushed the oral phallus back into her mouth and left her to it.

He had used her twice more since in between customers in the shop and his work and, she gathered, the presence of a naked blonde ‘riding’ one of Gord’s artefacts was creating a brisk trade for Prospero’s wares and a string of slavers offering increasingly outrageous sums for her purchase.

---

She found it was late-afternoon when he released her, deactivating the artefact after driving the last of the customers from his master’s shop, making use of her one last time. She lay exhausted, every part of her body aching from her straining cramped muscles to her tortured breasts and heavily abused sex. The last hour or two had passed in a blur of semi-conscious pleasure and pain, magical shocks to her breasts and sex jolting her awake as she drifted to sleep or found herself unable to move her tongue.

‘Satisfied?’ He asked as he removed the oral phallus.

‘Mmmm.’ Was all she could manage, her tongue making no effort to obey her, saliva and his semen dripping from her aching lips and jaw.

Despite her Honey’s natural resistance to fatigue associated with carnal acts and increasingly to bondage and the experience she’d earned by serving him and undertaking the ‘training’, Ezio had to help her into the workshop where he deposited her on the bed.

‘Thad wath fun,’ she said, a dreamy look in her eyes as she lay naked and exhausted. ‘Can we do id again lader?’

‘Are you sure you can manage?’

‘I’m a Level 6 Seductress,’ She said with a smile. ‘I can do anything.’

‘6th Level?’

‘I Levelled up at some point.’ She said with a weak smile and with that, Ellie fell asleep.

---

‘Honey.’

Ellie tried to look around but she found she was blindfolded, lying on her back, arms and legs spread. Something told her she was in her bed at home, something familiar about the mattress beneath her, the way it pressed on her body. There was something pressing on her chest and she tried to work out what it was; she tried moving her right hand to her chest but it wouldn’t move, her left one wouldn’t move either.

She must, she thought, have fallen asleep lying on her arms and they’d gone numb though that didn’t quite fit with the fact she was lying on her back. Perhaps something had happened to her; her whole body was aching and that pressure on her chest… Maybe she’d fallen asleep in her clothes; perhaps it was her bra. If she could move her arms she could adjust it. Her nipples were throbbing too.

‘Honey.’

Only her mother called her Honey.

It didn’t feel like she had fallen asleep in her clothes. In fact, it felt like quite the opposite. It felt like she was lying on her bed naked, spread out like a starfish.

‘Mum?’ Her jaw ached and her tongue wouldn’t move properly.

Why was she lying like this? It was just like the position she had seen her mother in when she’d come home and surprised her with Val.

She couldn’t see either. It was almost as if she was blindfolded.

Blindfolded?

Tied to the bed!

Naked.

Oh god! Her mother was here and she was tied to her bed naked with what…? Clamps on her nipples? Surely that feeling in her bottom wasn’t anal beads?

What? How? Why? Who?

Ellie relaxed. She was dreaming. She’d never let anyone tie her up like that.

Ellie opened her eyes.

‘Honey, it’s me,’ Ezio said.

Ellie looked up at him then down at her body, Honey’s body with its huge breasts currently looking bruised, aching, clips in her nipples glinting in the dim light of the room; that utterly unrealistic body with its tiny waist and impossibly long legs and those toned thighs and perfect feet all aching as if she’d…been in bondage for nearly twelve hours…tormented by need and driven to unbelievable levels of sexual arousal. Her sex was sore, her constantly hungry sex, drooling in expectation of her next sexual encounter, her next fix; she knew she already wanted it again.

‘Ezio.’

‘Drink this.’ He lifted her head and poured something into her mouth, a familiar taste running down her throat as she forced herself to swallow, trying not to cough. It reminded her of the first time they had met…no, not met, but the first time they had been together, both recovering from beatings by the Assassin’s Guild.

The soreness in her body began to recede, the aches fading…all except one.

‘Thank you.’ She reached up and kissed him. ‘Wait, why aren't I tied up?’

‘I thought we could get some dinner,’ he said. ‘Go to the Pleasure Dome if you want to.’

‘We could just stay here,’ her body made her say it.

‘I’d like to see Ellie again,’ he said.

‘When you can have this?’ She gestured to Honey’s lush, perfect body.

‘It’s not just about looks.’

‘Really?’ Something inside her stirred at his words.

‘I mean…’ He started. ‘Honey is gorgeous…’

‘And Ellie isn’t?’

‘I didn’t mean that.’ He looked around, flustered. ‘While you were sleeping, I made you these.’

He reached down beside the bed and picked up something metallic, glinting gold.

‘Earrings of protection. They don’t add to your Armour Class but they stop minor injury that won’t cause Damage. I thought…’ He paused, looking a little shy. ‘As a Seductress, you need to look good and you won’t bruise so easily.’ He paused then added. ‘I think it gives the same modifier as being an elf.’

Ellie was touched at his thoughtfulness and smiled at the memory of her dominant sessions with the elf in Frills and Thrills.

‘Thank you,’ She said, shaking her head to clear her hair from her ears. ‘But I don’t have pierced ears.’ She laughed.

‘We do it regularly in the shop. I can pierce them if you’ll let me.’

‘I guess I might let you.’ She paused, frowning, tilting her head to one side as she looked at him. ‘Do they have to go in my ears?’

‘Where else…’ His voice trailed off as he caught her meaning.

‘I mean, I am a Seductress and I do have a submissive side.’

‘You want me to pierce your nipples?’

‘Those rings are very pretty it would be a shame to hide them under my hair.’

‘Won’t they be hidden under…?’ His voice trailed off again.

‘I have difficulty hanging on to my clothes,’ she said. ‘Besides, you could hang bells from them too.’ She looked at him pointedly. ‘You do still have my clothes, I assume?’

‘I didn’t think you’d want them anymore.’

‘They were expensive.’

‘Yes, I have them. In fact I’ve been working on them.’

‘Working on them?’

‘You remember the harness?’

‘What have you done to my clothes?’

‘Let’s just say you’ll enjoy wearing them more.’

‘I’m horny enough as it is without my lingerie trying to distract me.’

‘I thought you’d enjoy it. Besides, I was bored while you were sleeping.’

‘I think I can feel my dominant sister coming back,’ she said.

‘I’d like that.’ He bent and kissed her.

---

#### Chapter 94: Enjoying Thoth

---

‘What are you smiling about?’ Ellie asked.

She, the real Ellie, dressed in the minidress with the tulle skirt, stockings and boots walked beside Ezio, collared and leashed. Beneath the illusion her nipples still tingled from the piercing. They were just passing , Frills and Thrills. Like most of the boutique shops in Thoth, it was still open despite the encroaching darkness. The two of them were reflected in the glass of the window; a lean Artificer in a long leather coat, breeches and boots and a voluptuous naked Seductress on a leash with her wrists cuffed behind her back.

‘Because if it’s my limited ability to cast illusions, I would remind you that I’m way higher level than you and cuffed or not, Dark Honey can kick your arse.’

‘Master,’ he said. ‘You mean ‘Dark Honey can kick your arse, Master’.’

‘Yes, Master.’ Ellie tossed her head which in the mirror of the window sent her long blonde tresses dancing like those of a Disney princess.

‘Actually, I’m thinking of the fact that we’ve had sex seven times since you arrived yesterday.’ He turned and pulled on the leash making her follow him.

‘If I’m too much for you to handle, perhaps I’d better find myself another handsome Artificer who can keep up with me.’

‘You think I’m handsome?’

Ellie stopped and he turned as the leash grew taut.

‘Is that you?’ She was looking at him. ‘The real you?’

‘I thought you’d never ask,’ he said, looking slightly uncomfortable. ‘More or less.’

‘Wow.’ She stepped towards him feeling the odd sensation of her breasts touching his chest even though she seemed six inches away from him. Briefly she wondered why he’d been the first to ask her. Had her thoughts changed so much while she’d been here?

‘I don’t have a tattoo, obviously.’

‘I don’t have melons for breasts, obviously.’

‘I think of them more as basketballs,’ he said looking into her eyes.

‘So you think about my breasts?’ She drew herself up to her full height although was still only just up to his chin.

‘I think about other parts of you too.’

‘But mostly my breasts?’

‘For a slave, you can be very…contrary.’

‘Can I now?’ She glared up at him. He really was very good looking, that thin face and those dark eyes hinting at an oriental or asian look and the long hair pulled back now in a leather thong. ‘Have you forgotten my ability to use critical strikes?’

He swallowed. ‘But you wouldn’t?’ He didn’t sound completely sure and Ellie was sure he winced slightly.

‘I might not but my darker sister might. Anyway, it depends.’

‘On what?’

‘On whether you continue to provide me with the…stimulation I need.’ She rubbed her nipples against his chest, the sensation enhanced by the sensitivity of her newly pierced nipples, the rings moving inside them and her newly augmented clothes.

‘Yes, about that,’ he said, deliberately ignoring her provocation. ‘When we first…met, you let me tie you up because you knew I’d like it and you didn’t mind and now you seem to be completely into the whole BDSM thing.’

‘Let’s just say it’s grown on me.’ She lifted her thigh and rubbed it against his leg.

‘Bondage, you mean?’

‘Yes.’

‘Being tied up actually excites you?’

‘What do you think?’ She nuzzled his neck, her body pressed against his now, nipples almost boring into his chest, hips pressed against his groin. ‘Tying you up was pretty enjoyable too.’

‘You seem rather submissive at the moment.’ He paused then added. ‘Considering what you told me about high level Seductresses and your…’sister’.’

‘Perhaps that’s how I seduce.’ Her voice was breathy, her lips came up and caressed his chin. ‘Maybe I use cute submissive Honey to draw unsuspecting young Artificers into my web so that my darker sister can devour them.’

‘But you’re not using Seduction on me now?’ He seemed a little on edge.

‘That doesn’t mean I’m not trying to seduce you.’ She bit his neck. ‘And whatever I’m doing it seems to be working.’ She pushed her hips forward emphasising his erection.

‘Yes, it does.’ He slid his arms around her and pulled her in

‘Or maybe, it’s because most of the sex I’ve had here has involved me being tied up and when the quickening takes me I’m kind of drawn to it.’ She went up onto her toes and kissed him. ‘I haven’t noticed you objecting.’

---

The main square was busier than it had been when they’d met the day before and she guessed it must have been like this when he’d walked her, leashed and hooded, the night before. Torches and braziers burned illuminating the throngs of people. A stage had been constructed beneath the walls of the Gordian palace and a troop of near-naked slave girls was dancing on it to a tune played by a female Bard watched over by a tall dark Slaver in the typical blue and gold robes. Above them, on the top of the keep Ellie could see the slave girl mounted on the weather vane keeping her lonely vigil.

It appeared things had returned to normal after the burglary a few days before.

They moved through the throng, Ezio leading Ellie by the leash, threading their way through couples, singles and groups; most were humans or at least a variation including elves; compact and moving with a furtive precision, wrapped in cloaks and hoods pulled over their pointed ears; there were half orcs too, ugly and ungainly most stripped to the waist apparently eager to show their battle scars and misshapen muscular bodies. There were other forms like those she had seen before; cat-like humans with large eyes and tails; dogs too, most of these crawling on all fours on leashes; ponies with human torsos but whose legs tapered to hooves rather than feet, many without arms as Val had been and those with them almost invariably tightly restrained with their arms behind them and lead by bridles or nipple rings. The ponies weren’t the only ones in bondage, almost every other avatar they passed, human or otherwise seemed to be restrained in some way and on a leash behind or beside a master or mistress, voluptuous slave girls in scraps of silk lead by rings in their nipples or between their legs, handsome slave boys with leashes fastened to rings on their cocks or around their balls.

Fire eaters and Tumblers moved among them, Bards too entertaining the throngs, a man with a dancing bear who was clearly a custom avatar. There were, Ellie thought, probably Thieves here too, most of whom would retire tonight with rich pickings and, as she thought this, a man in a leather doublet bumped into a Merchant and she saw his hand slip the purse from the Merchant’s belt.

Extra market stalls had sprung up, most selling food and drink, some with tables waited on by chained naked slave girls and, in some cases slave boys. The huge breasted HuCows were still chained to their frames providing milk and other services. The sight of them making Ellie recall her night in the Gordian artefact with the milking cups on breasts; a thought which made her tremble with desire.

It was nearly an hour since their last sexual encounter.

---

Ezio bought some food from a stall, some sort of spiced fried chicken as far as they could tell and two cups of ale and they sat on a bench watching a Jewell dance under the whip of a slaver. The brunette was dressed in patent leather briefs and her wrists were cuffed behind her; she had bells hanging from her nipple rings and attached to cuffs on her ankles and she danced with a sensuous precision weaving between the slaver’s whip. She danced to an exotic Middle Eastern sounding tune of quarter tones from a skirling pipe and some sort of stringed instrument along with a rhythmic percussion played by three women with shaved heads in short tunics. The Slaver with the whip was a woman dressed in the blue and gold of her profession but in her case her long dress as split to the thigh revealing long toned legs and the neckline plunged deep between her breasts, the silk clinging to her body and displaying her large nipples almost as clearly as if she was a naked as her slave. She was dark skinned and had long dark hair, thick, lush lips and exotic almond eyes. A second slave, a male, knelt beside her, oiled and naked, his hands manacled behind him and a collar around his neck and a ring around his large erect cock. His eyes were fixed on the Slaver, not her naked, dancing slave and Ellie thought many of the men in the crowd were probably watching her closely too, perhaps dreaming of being under her whip.

Ezio was certainly fascinated by the spectacle.

Glancing across the square she could see a woman bent over in a pillory just as she had been all those days ago. The woman was facing away from her and she had a clear view of the pounding she was taking from a man who looked as if he might be a Druid.

‘Are you going to feed me?’ Ellie said after a moment.

‘Oh?’ Ezio turned back.

‘Or you can take the cuffs off for a while.’

He stood and, bending behind her, released her wrists.

‘Thank you, Master.’ She said, rubbing her wrists, not entirely sure whether to be pleased or disappointed.

---
