---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Island Adventure
authors:
- Zack
tags:
- MF/f
- bondage
- n/c
- X
date: 2002-08-05 00:00:00
---

\*
Island
Adventure
by
Zack
Copyright©
2002.   All rights reserved.

Carol Simony, CEO of the
Choplet-LaSalle Corporation and the richest woman in the USA, strode out
of the Manila office building and across the sidewalk inside a wedge formed
by her bodyguards; she ignored the cries of protest from the pedestrians
who were jostled out of the way by her phalanx of thugs. So sure was she
that her limo would be waiting that she was at the curb before she noticed
it wasn't there.

She turned to the sweating
young man who dogged her steps. "Donald, you putz! Where the hell is my
limo?"

Donald pointed at a large
vehicle a half-block away. "There it is, Ms. Simony. It must have gotten
stuck in traffic."

"Not good enough, Donald.
You said it would be waiting for me right here. If I can't count on you
for a simple thing like this you're no use to me."

He protested, "I'm sorry,
Ms. Simony, but this isn't my fault, it's just a slight traffic delay."

"Don't whine, Donald. I expect
results, not excuses. You really are worthless. You can take a bus back
to the hotel, I don't want to be seen with you."

The limo stopped and she
got inside. The bodyguard in the front seat exchanged glances with the
driver, but neither man was surprised at Carol's actions. Carol wasn't
very lovable. The only people who really liked her were the C-L stockholders,
because it was her management that had made the company so very profitable.

Carol tried to relax as the
limo fought its way through the city traffic. She had been in Manila to
close the negotiations for another merger, and it had been a tense time,
even for an experienced predator such as she. C-L wasn't the only player,
and she had had to outmaneuver, backstab, and betray men from three continents
before she could close the deal.

The limo picked up speed
once it was outside the city. It continued along the highway until it reached
a private airfield, where Carol boarded the executive jet that would take
her almost 700 miles to Davao City, on the island of Mindanao. This was
where she would start her vacation.

Sailing was Carol's only
non-business activity. She begrudged the time away from her work, but she
had found that sailing was absolutely necessary if she hoped to survive
the stress of corporate warfare. Several weeks at sea, sailing alone, would
refresh her and leave her ready for the next battle.

Being at sea was only part
of the process; being far away from other people was the most important
factor. Not that she would be out of touch; a satellite phone kept her
in contact with her staff. 'Sometimes in closer contact than they like,'
she thought, 'noon here may be the middle of the night there. Too bad for
them, but at C-L I'm the one who matters.'

Carol spent the night in
the best hotel in Davao, and early the next morning she was at the marina
where her boat, the 'C-L II', waited. This boat was her favorite for single-handed
sailing; its ketch rig divided the sail area into easily handled segments.
The boat was just over fifty feet long on the waterline. It had cost her
over three million dollars (actually, C-L paid the bill), and it was equipped
with every convenience, both for operating the boat and for living aboard.

She met with the C-L employee
who had accompanied the boat on its trip by freighter from San Francisco.
(The freight charges were billed to the C-L 'employee recreation' account.)

"Everything ready to go?"
she snapped.

"Yes, Ms. Simony. You can
sail any time you wish."

"So you say." Carol never
took anything for granted, and she conducted a meticulous inspection of
the boat and its contents. She was impressed; even her exacting standards
were met. Not that she would say so, of course.

"It'll do. Get ashore and
be ready to cast off the mooring lines. I'm out of here." She started the
auxiliary diesel engine and ordered the lines cast off. She motored out
of the harbor, and once she was clear of the land she hoisted the sails.
She plotted the course that would clear Cape San Augustine, and then lost
herself in the simple pleasure of steering the boat and adjusting the sails.
For the first time in months she felt some serenity.

Once the boat passed the
cape Carol plotted a new course to the east, heading into the center of
Micronesia. Even though this was her vacation she spent most of her time
working; she planned her next business coup while the autopilot guided
the boat. She had her eye on another large electronics firm. She had discovered
that there was a large overlap in operations that would allow massive cost-cutting.

Carol was an experienced
sailor, and she monitored the boat and its surroundings continually. Ten
days into her journey she noticed that a tropical depression had appeared
on her satellite weather display. It was coming her way, but she wasn't
worried. "I can handle anything the sea can throw at me." she boasted.

Three days later she wasn't
so sure. The tropical depression had developed into a full-fledged storm,
and the boat was running downwind under bare poles. The wind was Force
Twelve, and the mast-tall waves towered over the boat. Carol no longer
knew where she was exactly; a few hours ago the wind had destroyed her
masthead antennas, and the heavy rain and breaking seas blocked her GPS
and satellite communications. She was really worried now. There were numerous
atolls to leeward of her, and she had very little ability to maneuver.

Disaster struck just before
dawn. Carol had been awake for almost two days,and she finally had to go
below for some sleep. She had been asleep for just over an hour when the
boat struck a reef. She had no warning; she woke with the impact, and before
she was out of her bunk the surging waves pounded the boat's hull onto
the coral and water flooded inside. She scrambled on deck, and was shocked
to discover that both the dinghy and the inflatable life raft had washed
away. All she could do was wait helplessly while the waves drove the boat
across the reef and into the lagoon, where she knew it would sink.

Carol didn't know when the
boat finally slipped off the reef and into the lagoon. One minute she was
struggling just to keep from being washed off the boat; the next minute
she was in the water. She was wearing a life jacket, but the wind was so
strong and the water was so rough that she could barely breathe. She tried
to fight her way to the island that she had seen when the boat first hit
the reef, but the sea was winning the contest. She had stopped fighting
by the time strong brown arms lifted her out of the water and into a canoe.

\* \* \*

It was dawn of the next day
before Carol awoke. She found herself in a wooden hut, supine on a mat
and looking up at a corrugated-steel roof. Rain was still pounding on the
roof, but the wind had dropped; the mat that covered the door opening was
hardly moving. Her muscles were a bit sore, but she didn't have any pain.
She sat up and examined her body. She was surprised but grateful to find
that she was uninjured. She was also naked. She thought back and realized
that she had been naked when she went into the water. Not too surprising,
since she rarely wore clothes when she was at sea in the tropics.

The door mat was pushed aside
and a young woman entered the hut. She was very pretty, with tan skin,
dark brown eyes, and long black hair. She was wearing a blue and red printed
cloth wrapped around her hips and, incongruously, a hooded transparent
plastic raincoat, which didn't conceal her slim, shapely figure and high,
firm breasts.

Carol looked at the native
woman and then at her own tanned body. She smugly thought, 'I must be more
than twenty years older than she is, but I could match her in looks.' She
ran her hands through her short brown hair. 'Except for the hair, maybe.'

"Hello, welcome to Tontolona
Island. My name is Nila. What is your name?" Nila put down the package
she was carrying and removed her raincoat.

"My name is Carol Simony.
Do you have a satellite phone here? Or a radio? I've got to let my people
know that I'm OK." Carol didn't have any family or friends who would worry
about her, but she knew that Wall Street would pound down the price of
C-L stock if she were reported missing.

Nila shrugged. "You must
ask chief." She smiled and opened the package. "Sarong, for you."

She handed Carol a cloth
similar to the one she was wearing, except that it was teal and blue. Carol
wrapped it around her hips, but as soon as she released it the sarong fell
to the floor. Nila giggled and rewrapped it, showing Carol the proper way
to tuck it so it would stay in place.

Nila took a covered bowl
from the package and knelt on the mat. She uncovered the bowl and gestured
to indicate Carol should join her. "Here is some food." She dipped her
fingers in the paste-like substance in the bowl and licked it off.

Carol didn't really care
to share like this, but she was very hungry so she knelt and forced herself
to scoop up some of the paste and put it in her mouth. It had a faint bitter
taste, but she managed to swallow it. After a few more bites she again
questioned Nila. "I've got to let people know where I am and I've got to
get back to civilization. How do I get off this island?"

"You will see Chief Tonongo
soon. You ask him." Nila ate the last of the paste. She rose gracefully
to her feet and reached out her hand. "Come, I will take you to him."

Carol stood and waited while
Nila put on her raincoat. "Keeps my hair dry." she explained. Nila pushed
aside the mat and left the hut. Carol hesitated only a moment before she
followed. She had never been shy about displaying her body.

It was still raining gently,
but it was warm and it didn't bother Carol. Nila led her to a large hut
several hundred yards farther inland. Fifty or so people were standing
in a semicircle facing the door of the hut. Both men and women were wearing
sarongs around their hips. The more matronly women wore bras just for the
support, but everyone else was bare to the waist. Some of the women covered
their hair to keep it dry.

Carol elbowed her way to
the front of the crowd, ignoring the murmurs of protest. A few minutes
later the door of the hut opened and a large, imposing man appeared on
the porch and seated himself in a throne-like wicker chair. He was wearing
one of the ubiquitous sarongs, but he also had a cloak wrapped around his
shoulders. This cloak had been woven from bark fiber many generations ago,
and it served as the chief's symbol of office. After the chief was seated
a younger man emerged from the hut and stood next to him.

The crowd said something
in the local dialect and everyone made a quick, shallow bow, more like
a nod. The chief replied in the same dialect and nodded in return. The
younger man said in English, "All those who desire Chief Tonongo to intercede
with the spirits attend upon him. This audience is now open." He looked
at Carol and added, "I am Manulu. Who are you?"

"My name is Carol Simony,
and I must contact my office at once. Do you have a satellite phone, or
a radio?"

Manulu translated this into
the local dialect and the chief replied in the same tongue. Manulu said,
"The chief expresses his joy that you survived the shipwreck. It was a
difficult rescue, but our men are very skilled in the ways of a canoe on
the sea. It is always a satisfaction when we save someone from certain
death."

"Yeah, but you don't seem
to understand. I am the chief executive officer of the Choplet-LaSalle
Corporation, a very important company. I must get back to civilization
at once."

After the translation delay
Manulu replied, "The chief will hold a private audience with you later.
Please wait."

Carol didn't like this at
all, but her protest was ignored and the chief replied to a question from
another person. This went on for some time, and by the time everyone had
spoken Carol was fuming with impatience. In her world her wishes were attended
to immediately.

There was an altar next to
the chief's hut. It was made of stone and sheltered by a thatched roof;
three men had just finished applying new palm fronds to replace the ones
carried away by the storm. Chief Tonongo went inside the hut and returned
a moment later holding a wooden chest. It was made of some dark wood and
it was exquisitely carved. When it appeared everyone bowed while the chief
carried it to the altar and reverently placed it on top.

Carol asked, "What is that?
It's gorgeous." She approached the altar and reached out towards the chest.

Nila gasped, "Don't touch
it! That is spirit chest. Only chief may touch it."

"Hey, I'm not going to hurt
it." Carol stroked the carved wood.

There were cries of shock
and one of the men in the crowd grabbed her arm and pulled her away. Carol
had studied martial arts- she had a lot of enemies- and she reacted instinctively.
She twisted, pulled, and the man flew over her back and landed with a thump.
Another man seized her from behind, but an elbow in the ribs knocked him
back. But now the crowd was into it, and before long Carol was face down
on the ground with several people sitting on her. Manulu arrived with some
jute rope, and he tied Carol's hands behind her back. She was pulled to
her knees and he wrapped more rope over her arms, in bands above and below
her breasts.

The crowd was angry, and
Carol might have been knocked around except that Chief Tonongo ordered
them back. He glared at Carol and made a brief statement in the local dialect.
Manulu translated. "Chief Tonongo says that your spirit is not in harmony
with the nature spirits. You are to be incarcerated until you have obtained
this harmony."

"You yokels wouldn't dare!
Don't you know who I am? I'll buy this island and have all of you tossed
into the sea!"

Manulu spoke for himself.
"Buy us with what? All you have is a borrowed sarong. We don't know or
care who you are. You are guilty of sacrilege and assault. In the old days
you would have been drowned in the lagoon." He signaled to two burly men
and they hoisted Carol to her feet and hustled her off to the jail.

The jail was a patch of dirt
about ten feet square covered by a thatched roof. Pieces of tattered canvas
were hung randomly on three sides to give some shelter from the wind. Carol
wondered how this was supposed to hold her until Manulu wrapped a chain
around her waist and fastened it with a padlock. The chain was bolted to
one of the 6x6 roof support posts, and she had about six feet of slack
between her waist and the post.

Manulu pointed to a heap
of sand next to the jail. "That's your latrine."

Carol was outraged. "You
can't do this! You can't chain me up like an animal just on the word of
some witch doctor!"

"Chief Tonongo is not only
our hereditary ruler. He is also the elected magistrate. If he finds you
guilty of a crime he can impose a sentence of up to a year's imprisonment
if he wants to. Did you have anything planned for the next year? You could
be staying right here."

Carol didn't really believe
this was happening to her. People just didn't dare to treat her like this.
"You can't do this! Untie my hands at once!"

Manulu cut the rope loose
from Carol's arms and wrists. She rubbed her wrists, and her face reflected
her opinion that it had taken these savages too long to come to their senses.
Then the two men held her while Manulu and another man picked up wooden
planks. When Carol saw the semi-circular cutouts in the plank edges she
knew what they were for and struggled desperately. She twisted so violently
that her sarong came loose and fell to the ground.

Each plank was about three
feet long, one foot wide, and an inch thick. One plank had two pairs of
short boards attached to it at a right angle, one pair at each end, and
while Manulu held this plank against the back of Carol's neck his helper
slipped the other plank between the short boards. Carol didn't like this
at all, so they did have a little trouble forcing her hands into the cutouts,
but eventually the planks were pushed together and the locking pins inserted.
Now Carol was securely yoked.

The yoke was made of hard
and heavy wood, and Carol felt the weight. She could twist the yoke a little,
but this rubbed her neck and pinched her wrists while not gaining her anything.
She screamed with frustration.

She screamed again when the
men sat her down and Manulu put her ankles into stocks. The stocks were
similar to the yoke, except there were only two cutouts, and Carol's ankles
were held about two feet apart. She was accustomed to nudity, but this
much exposure made her blush. The men gave her casual glances, but naked
women were not that unusual on the island. Carol had no special features,
except that her pubic hair was brown instead of black.

Manulu picked up Carol's
sarong and the men left the jail. Carol cried, "Wait! You didn't tell me
how long I have to stay here."

"Like Chief Tonongo said,
until your spirit is in harmony."

"How long will that take?"

Manulu shrugged. "Who knows?
It could take a day, a month, or a year. The spirits will tell the chief
when everything is in harmony, and you will be released then."

Carol just couldn't believe
this. She was rich and powerful. How could she be the helpless and humiliated
captive of an ignorant, superstitious old man? It defied the proper order
of things. And he could keep her like this for a year? She screamed again.

Carol sat alone in the jail
for several hours. The yoke was heavy and uncomfortable. It seemed to her
that her body had disappeared. She could see her hands and a part of her
shins, but the rest of her body was hidden from her view by the yoke and
the stocks. She wondered if this was supposed to help her get in harmony
with the spirits.

Sometime after noon Nila
arrived at the jail. She was carrying a bottle of water and a bowl.

"Hello, Carol. I suppose
you are thirsty." She held the bottle to Carol's mouth.

Carol drank the water. The
yoke on her neck made her totally dependent on someone else for all her
basic needs, and this frightened her. "Nila, take this yoke off. You can
do it." The wooden locking pins were just tied in place with thin rope.

"I am sorry, but you must
wear yoke all day. I will feed you now." Nila used her fingers to scoop
up the paste in her bowl and feed it to Carol. Carol grimaced, but she
ate all the paste. Licking Nila's fingers gave her a strange feeling.

She had another concern.
"Uh, Nila, I have to pee. Can you let me loose?"

"Yes, I can help you." Nila
removed the stocks from Carol's ankles and Carol groaned with pleasure
as she brought her knees together.

Nila helped Carol stand up
and led her to the sand heap. Carol protested, "I don't want to pee out
here in front of everybody. Don't you have indoor plumbing on this island?"

"Yes, but you may not enter
a building unless your spirit is in harmony."

Carol gave in to the inevitable
and squatted on the sand heap. Nila held on to the yoke to steady her.
When Carol finished Nila helped her stand and led her back under the jail
roof.

"Sit down, Carol. I have
to put the stocks back on your ankles."

"No. I don't want that."

"Please cooperate. If you
do not I will have to call Manulu and he will be very angry with you. He
will force the stocks on you and he will leave them there always. You will
not like that."

Carol considered that to
be an understatement. She sat down and let Nila lock the stocks back on
her ankles. She would get her revenge later.

Nila kissed Carol's forehead.
"I must go now. I will be back later. Please meditate and try to align
your spirit with the nature spirits."

Carol spent the rest of the
day sitting in the jail. She didn't have anything else to do except watch
the rain, so she tried to align her spirit, but since she didn't even know
if she had one there was no way to measure her progress. Every couple of
hours Nila visited her and gave her some water and helped her pee if she
needed to. Carol looked forward to these visits more and more as the day
dragged on.

Just after sundown Nila returned
to the jail carrying a bowl. She used her fingers to feed Carol more of
the paste. Carol wondered what the paste was made of and how it was prepared,
but then she decided she didn't really want to know.

When the bowl was empty Nila
said, "Lean back on the yoke, Carol, and I will remove it."

This was an order that Carol
was quick to obey. Nila untied and removed the locking pins and removed
the front board by sliding it away from Carol's neck. She moved it aside
and helped Carol sit up. The back board of the yoke fell over with a thump
and Nila moved it out of the way.

Carol stretched her arms
and rubbed her neck. Then she considered the sequence of the recent events.
"Why didn't you take off the yoke before I ate? I could have fed myself."

Nila giggled, "I like to
feed you."

Carol stretched some more.
"Wow, it feels good to get that yoke off."

"You can have it off all
night." Nila picked up some rope. "Now I have to tie your hands."

"What! I don't want to have
my hands tied."

"You would rather wear yoke?"

"No, of course not!"

"Well then..."

Carol gave up. "OK." She
clasped her hands and held them out.

"Not like that."

"Oh, not behind my back!
That hurts so much after a while."

Nila kissed Carol on the
lips. "I know, and I do not want to be cruel. Lie down and put your hands
against chain on your waist."

Carol lay prone and held
her hands at her waist. Nila tied them to the chain, one towards each side
of Carol's waist. The loops of rope weren't tight, but Carol couldn't free
her hands and she couldn't reach any knots.

Nila kissed Carol again.
"There! That does not hurt too much, does it?"

"No, it's not that bad. Are
you going to take the stocks off?"

"Yes. They will be in the
way." Nila swiftly removed the stocks.

Carol was going to ask, In
the way of what?, but she never got a chance. Nila leaned down and silenced
her with a violent kiss, thrusting her tongue into Carol's mouth. Carol
squeaked with surprise, then she hesitantly returned the kiss. The kissing
continued as Nila's hands roamed over Carol's body, and then dwelt between
her legs.

Carol gasped, "You can't
do this! Not out here in the open."

"It is almost dark now, so
nobody will mind. Besides, you are my prisoner, so I will do as I wish."
Nila's hand was inside Carol's dripping sex, and was expertly massaging
the helpless captive's clit.

"I... —oh!—Stop it! Stop!
Oooh... Nooo! Ahh...mmuphh"

Carol's scream was silenced
by her jailor's lips and tongue. The captive bucked under the weight of
Nila's body, writhing in orgasm. Finally, flushed, panting, and glistening
with sweat, Carol lay passively on the ground, looking up at Nila's smiling
face.

Nila stroked Carol's nipples.
"You liked that. Now it is your turn to pleasure me."

"How can I do that with my
hands tied?"

Nila shifted her body until
her crotch was in Carol's face. "Your tongue is not tied. Use it well and
I will leave stocks off tonight."

The last time Carol had given
oral sex to another woman was back when she lived in the dorm at college.
She tried to remember what her roommate had liked, and tentatively licked
Nila's labia. Then the taste and smell of a woman in heat brought back
a flood of memories and her tongue became more aggressive, probing and
stroking. Her teeth found Nila's erect clit and gently nipped. Nila moaned,
and then screamed as Carol's tongue thrust deep.

\* \* \*

The sun shining from a blue
sky woke Carol the next morning just after dawn. She thought back on the
events of the previous night and asked herself why this had been her first
sexual encounter with another person of either sex in over a decade. 'Because
I can't trust anyone I know', she thought, 'they all want something from
me, or they want to hurt me.' She struggled against the ropes holding her
wrists. 'Nila doesn't need trust; she has me in her power. This makes my
decisions redundant.' She felt a wave of lust.

Nila arrived at the jail
a short time later. "Good morning, Carol. I will feed you now."

"Good morning Nila. Are you
going to let me go now?"

Nila kissed Carol, and the
kiss was enthusiastically returned. "I cannot free you. Only the spirits
can do that." Carol sat up, and Nila sat beside her and fed her from a
bowl of paste. Today the meal also included chunks of fried meat, and Nila
fed these to Carol one at a time, the food accompanied by teasing and kisses.

Nila untied Carol's hands
after the meal, and Carol had hopes for an easier time than she had yesterday.
These hopes were dashed when Manulu arrived. "Time for your work day to
start, Carol. Nila, help me put the yoke on her."

Carol was dismayed. "Oh,
no! Not the yoke, it's so uncomfortable."

"You are being punished,
Carol, and this is part of it. The people would resent it if the chief
let you get off easy."

Carol thought about resisting,
but then she decided not to bother. The sop to her pride produced by her
resistance wouldn't be worth the struggle that would follow, which she
knew she would lose. She remembered the threat to leave the yoke on continuously,
and she didn't think Manulu had been bluffing. She cooperated, and Nila
and Manulu fastened her in the yoke.

Manulu tied a rope through
a hole in the front of the yoke and gave it to Nila. He unlocked the chain
around Carol's waist. "Carol's job today will be to help you with the coconut
harvesting, Nila."

Nila gave a tug on the leash
and a very unhappy Carol followed her down the road. This was not fun at
all; the yoke weighed almost thirty pounds, and it pressed uncomfortably
on her trapezoid muscles. They met other people on the road, and humiliation
was added to Carol's burden. She found that going topless was one thing;
full nudity in front of strangers was much more difficult. Finally she
decided to just pretend she was fully clothed. The yoke kept her from seeing
her body anyway.

Carol and Nila reached the
coconut plantation. It was on the windward side of the island, and consisted
of several large groves of regularly spaced trees. Carol looked up at a
cluster of coconuts. "I don't think I can climb one of those trees, even
without the yoke."

Nila laughed. "That is not
our job. All we have to do is pick up coconuts that have already been cut
down."

"OK, take off the yoke and
I'll get started."

"Oh, no. Picking up coconuts
is a skilled job that requires much training. You are not ready for that
yet." Nila tried not to smile when she said this. She led Carol to a four-wheeled
wagon. The wagon was made of weathered boards and moved on spoked wooden
wheels. It reminded Carol of a minature version of a prairie schooner,
without the canvas cover.

Nila backed Carol up to the
wagon's U-shaped handle and tied it just above her bottom. Nila wrapped
many turns of rope about Carol's hips to spread the load. "I am sorry that
I have to use this rope, Carol. If you are to be with us much longer I
will make a proper harness."

"You're so caring, Nila.
No one has ever offered to make me a harness before."

The morning was torture for
Carol. Most of the time she was just standing in place while Nila tossed
coconuts into the wagon. There was just enough to do that Carol couldn't
lose herself in thought, but not nearly enough activity to distract her
and make the time pass quickly. She was really bothered by insects, because
the yoke prevented her from shooing them away.

When the wagon was full Carol
had to haul it and several hundred pounds of coconuts to the processing
shed. None of the roads were paved, and many were deep in sand. It was
hard, sweaty work, and by the time the mid-day break arrived Carol was
exhausted. Nila unhitched her from the wagon and massaged the marks left
by the rope that had been tied around her hips. They walked back to the
jail; the yoke dug into Carol's shoulders with every step.

Manulu was waiting at the
jail and he locked the chain around Carol's waist. He removed the yoke
and tied her hands to the waist chain. Nila massaged Carol's shoulders
and she sighed with pleasure.

Nila fed Carol and let her
squat over the sand, and then they rested together in the shade of the
jail roof. Nila and Carol kissed a few times, but neither woman wanted
to have sex in public at noon.

Manulu's arrival signaled
the end of the break. Carol was yoked up and led back to the wagon in the
coconut grove. Her afternoon was worse than her morning, because it was
hotter now, and she was still tired from the morning's work.

It was late afternoon and
Carol was trudging along ahead of a wagonload of coconuts when she reached
an unusually sandy part of the road. She stopped and declared, "I've had
it. I can't take another step."

"Keep going, Carol. We will
be through for the day in another hour." Nila moved to the back of the
wagon. "I will push to help you."

"No. I quit. If you want
this wagon moved do it without me."

"Please cooperate, Carol.
You will never be in harmony with the spirits if you act in opposition
like this."

"Piss on the spirits. I won't
haul this fucking wagon another step and you can't make me."

Nila was shocked and angered
by Carol's foul language and bad attitude. She left the grove and found
a clump of a bamboo-like plant. She broke off a piece about three feet
long and as big around as her thumb. She waved her switch in front of Carol's
face. "I have been tasked to supervise you, Carol. I do not wish to cause
you pain, but I must do my duty. Please move the wagon. I will push to
help you."

Carol shook her head, and
Nila hit her across the left hip. A red line appeared and Carol shrieked.
"You bitch! You can't hit me like that!"

"I will demonstrate that
your statement is not true." Nila untied the rope that fastened Carol's
hips to the wagon. She yanked the leash and pulled Carol over to a palm
tree and tied the leash so the yoke was touching the tree. Carol could
twist a bit, but this did her little good when Nila started to switch her.

Carol was outraged. She was
one of the richest and most powerful people in the world and she was being
beaten by this arrogant girl. After a few blows she noticed something else:
this hurt like hell. She screamed, "Stop! Stop at once!"

Nila ignored Carol's angry
cries and continued to stripe her thighs and bottom. Finally Carol begged,
"Please stop! I'm sorry! I'll pull the wagon, please stop!"

Nila did stop. She untied
Carol from the tree and moved her over to the wagon and tied her hips to
the handle. "Ready? Pull!" Carol pulled and Nila pushed and the wagon rolled
out of the sand and down the road. "See, Carol? If we cooperate the spirits
aid us in our tasks." Carol had another opinion, but she was smart enough
to keep it to herself.

When the women got back to
the jail the sun was just above the horizon. Manulu was already there,
and he locked the chain around Carol's waist and tied her hands to it.
He looked at the welts on her bottom and thighs, but he didn't say anything.

Nila fetched the usual bowl
of paste, but she also brought a large bottle of water and a sponge. She
had Carol stand outside the jail and sponged off her dirty, sweaty body.
Nila took down one of the pieces of canvas and spread it on the jail floor.
"Lie here, Carol, and I will rub some lotion on your welts."

Carol was still angry, but
she decided she had nothing to lose, so she got face-down on the cloth.
She was determined to show her displeasure over the beating by avoiding
any repetition of last night's sexual activities, but Nila's sensual stroking
of her bottom aroused her, and she didn't resist when Nila rolled her over
and applied a busy tongue to her slit. Carol discovered that it hurt to
lay on her bruised bottom, but somehow it increased her lust. Before it
was completely dark she had several crashing orgasms.

\* \* \*

Except for the beating this
day turned out to be the prototype for the next four days. Carol became
very irked with her part in the island's coconut industry. She didn't like
being a draft animal and protested to Nila, but all she got in reply was
assurance that she was becoming more in harmony with the spirits. When
she hinted that she didn't really care about the spirits Nila picked up
the switch. Carol shut up. She never again balked at pulling the wagon,
either. (Carol was a quick learner).

At noon of the fifth day
Nila led Carol back to the jail after another morning of tedious labor.
Nila let Carol squat over the latrine sand, and led her back under the
jail roof and helped her sit.

Nila announced, "Manulu will
not be here today, so I cannot remove the yoke." This was a blow to Carol;
the yoke was digging into her shoulders, and worse, it meant that Nila
couldn't massage them.

Nila held a bottle of water
to Carol's lips. Carol drank her fill, and then obediently ate some paste
that Nila scooped up with her fingers. As a special treat Nila fed her
a tropical fruit. Carol didn't know its name, but it looked and tasted
like a cross between a mango and a peach. When the meal was over Nila wiped
Carol's face with a damp bandana.

Carol said, "I'm surprised
at the number of people here who speak English. How did you learn it?

"We went to mission school.
Chief Tonongo wants everyone to learn English."

Carol perked up. If there
was a mission school there was probably a missionary, and he might have
a radio she could use to summon help. She was becoming desperate to leave
the island; the nightly interludes with Nila were very enjoyable, but the
days pulling the wagon while carrying around the yoke were not. Besides,
her life was with C-L.

"Who runs this mission?"

"Pastor Brigham. He has lived
on island a long time."

"Where is the mission school?"

"Next to church."

Duh. Carol patiently asked,
"Where's the church?"

"About a mile down that road."
Nila pointed inland.

Carol moaned and flexed her
shoulders. "Please, could you take off the yoke for a few minutes? I've
got a terrible cramp in my arm."

Nila hesitated. Manulu had
told her not to release Carol from the yoke unless there was a man in attendance
or unless Carol was chained to the post. Carol moaned more piteously and
kind-hearted Nila fell for it. She removed the locking pins and separated
the boards that imprisoned Carol's neck and wrists.

"Oh, thank you. That's much
better." Carol casually picked up the bandanna. "What's that?" She pointed
over Nila's shoulder, and when Nila turned she jumped up, grabbed her from
behind, and jammed the bandanna into her mouth. Nila struggled, but Carol
applied an armlock and increased the pressure until Nila was on her knees
with her face against the ground.

"I don't want to hurt you,
Nila, so do as I say." Carol picked up one of the pieces of rope that were
scattered around and looped it around Nila's captive wrist. "Now put your
other hand behind you."

When Nila put her other hand
behind her back Carol wrapped rope around it too. She pushed Nila face
down on the ground and knelt astride her hips. The loop of rope around
her wrists was joined by others until Nila was a helpless captive.

Carol tied Nina's elbows
together and brought the loose ends of the rope under Nila's armpits and
tied them together at the back of her neck. More rope was used to tie Nila's
ankles and then join them to the elbow binding in a tight hogtie.

"Oops, can't have that!"
Nila had almost managed to spit out the bandanna. Carol shoved it back
in and wrapped rope around Nila's head to hold it in place.

Carol unwrapped the sarong
from the immobilized Nila and wrapped it around her own hips. She nonchalantly
sauntered down the road until she was away from the village, and then she
walked fast until she reached the church.

A white-haired old man was
sitting in a pew, reading a bible. Carol waited patiently until he looked
up at her. "Pastor Brigham?" Carol asked.

"Yep. Can I help you?" He
ran an appreciative glance over Carol's body.

"Do you have a radio?"

"Sure do. Would you like
to see it?"

"Oh, yes." Carol followed
the old man into a small office. On a table was a large metal box, painted
black. Carol looked at the nameplate. It read: Mfg by RCA Corp; Property
of-US Navy; Date of Mfg-1944.

"Navy gave that to me during
the war. It hasn't worked since about 1950."

"Do you have another radio?
A satellite phone? Anything?"

"No, I don't, but..." Pastor
Brigham stopped when Manulu appeared at the door of the small room. "Hello,
Manulu. What brings you here?"

He pointed at Carol. "I'm
looking for her." He asked Carol, "Will you avoid a struggle?"

Carol could see two other
men in the church. She nodded glumly and followed Manulu out of the office.
Once in the church the other men seized her arms and forced her outside.
Manulu used thin rope to tie her hands back-to-back, and tied more rope
around her elbows. He couldn't make them meet, but he could cause a lot
of pain, and Carol groaned.

Manulu tied a slip knot in
another piece of rope and tightened it around Carol's neck. As the final
indignity he took off her sarong. He jerked the leash and led Carol back
to the jail.

Nila was still at the jail.
She was no longer gagged and hogtied, but her arms were still tied behind
her back and a rope around her neck tethered her to a roof support. She
gave Carol a reproachful glance and then looked away.

Manulu fastened Carol's tether
to another post and left the jail, leaving the two men on guard. He returned
over an hour later, accompanied by Chief Tonongo and what looked like half
of the people in the village.

The chief spoke to Carol
and Manulu translated. "You have acted out of harmony with the spirits.
Your punishment is twenty lashes."

Manulu untied the tether
from the post and the two guards forced Carol over to what looked like
an oversized sawhorse, with a horizontal pole at waist height. Carol struggled,
but she was bent over the pole anyway and Manulu tied the neck rope around
her ankles to keep her there. A matronly woman dressed in a muumuu stepped
behind her. She was carrying a leather strap.

The woman applied the strap
across Carol's bottom and she yelped. It stung, but the pain wasn't all
that bad, especially compared to Nila's switch. Carol yelped after each
blow, more for show than because she was really hurt. When the beating
was over Manulu refastened her tether to the roof support. Her bottom was
red and tender, but there weren't any raised welts.

The chief spoke again, this
time to Nila. Manulu translated, "You have disobeyed the orders given you.
Your punishment is ten lashes."

When the chief had spoken
Nila gasped and burst into tears. Carol wondered why she was so upset.
Nila had to know that the strap was no bullwhip, yet she was behaving as
though she were to be burnt at the stake. Then Carol noticed the young
women in the crowd. They all had looks of fear and anticipation, and Carol
understood; to be publicly beaten was a vast humiliation, and Nila was
mourning her impending loss of status.

Carol felt two emotions that
were rare for her: guilt and affection. She forced herself to speak before
her ingrained reflexes made her suppress them. "It was my fault. Give me
the ten lashes, not Nila."

Chief Tonongo looked at her,
surprise plain on his face. Then he nodded, and Carol was bound over the
pole and given ten more lashes with the strap. She didn't bother to yelp
this time.

The guards untied her arms
and put her back into the yoke. The chain was locked around her waist and
her legs were imprisoned in the stocks. She sat leaning against a support
post, squirming on her sore bottom, and wondering how she could possibly
get comfortable.

Manulu untied Nila and returned
the liberated sarong. She put it on and turned to go back to the village.
Then she stopped and gave Carol a smile of gratitude. Carol was cheered
by the memory of that smile as the night slowly passed and her discomfort
changed to pain.

At dawn Manulu and Nila arrived
at the jail. He removed the stocks from Carol's ankles and released her
arms and neck from the yoke. Nila helped her stand up and Carol groaned
as she worked the stiffness out of her muscles.

"What do you have for me
today, Manulu? More coconut collecting?" Carol was very tired. The yoke
had kept her from lying down, so she had spent the night sitting in a hunched-over
position; her back hurt. Nila hadn't visited her, and this neglect made
her grouchy.

"I have news that will please
you, Carol. The spirits have spoken to Chief Tonongo and told him they
have chosen this morning as the time for you to leave the island." Manulu
unchained her waist and gave her a muumuu. "The inter-island freighter
is here, and it will take you to Palelu. There is a satellite phone on
Palelu, and also airline service to Guam, where you can get a flight back
to the United States."

Outwardly Carol accepted
the glad news quietly, but inside she was rejoicing. She pulled the muumuu
over her head and walked with the others to the beach; skipping would have
been undignified. While Manulu was launching a canoe Carol hugged Nila
and they kissed. "Goodbye, Nila. Whenever you want to visit the United
States write to me and I'll arrange it."

Carol got into the canoe
and Manulu paddled her out to the small, rusty freighter anchored in the
lagoon. She stepped onto the accommodation ladder. "Goodbye, Manulu. Give
my regards to Chief Tonongo, that SOB."

\* \* \*

It was after midnight when
Manulu entered the chief's hut. "Captain Chen radioed, Uncle. Carol has
just gone ashore at Palelu."

"Good." Chief Tonongo took
out his satellite phone and dialed the number of his stockbroker in New
York. He checked the time. "The stock exchange is still open."

"Merrill Lynch, Bart Andrews
speaking."

"Hello, Bart. Tonongo here."

"Hi, Chief. What can I do
for you today?"

"I want you to close out
my short position in Choplet-LaSalle stock."

"Are you sure, Chief? Without
Carol Simony C-L is having a very rough time and the stock keeps going
down. It could be a long way from the bottom."

"Oh, I think it'll recover.
In fact, I want to buy an additional 50,000 shares of C-L."

"Whatever you say, Chief.
I can't argue with success."

"The spirits have been generous.
Goodbye, Bart." He hung up.

"How much money will we make,
Uncle?"

"Enough to complete the hospital
and also build the new school."

"That will make Nila a bit
happier. She hasn't been entirely comfortable with what we did to Carol."

"We might have been a bit
harsh, but you must agree that Carol asked for it. I hope she learned something
from her island adventure."

The End

Story copyright© 2002
by Zack. All rights reserved.
I welcome your comments.
E-mail me at zack\_writer@hotmail.com or zack\_writer@yahoo.com
