---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiessz/well_shit3.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Well, Shit
authors:
- Zeedrot
tags:
- Sbf
- straps
- cuffs
- toys
- collar
- chain
- gag
- caught
- F/f
- climax
- oral
- rom
- cons
- X
date: 2025-11-04 00:00:00
---

### Part 3

Alex stood in the foyer to her apartment staring at the range of items she had chosen for her plan. She looked back at the message she had typed out to Eris on her phone. With trepidation in her mind she contemplated if she really wanted to go through with this. *What if I’m wrong? What if I just read all of the signs the wrong way? What if I just want it to be reciprocated so bad I imagined it?* Alex thought to herself. She shook her head.

No, after apologizing last night and buying Eris dinner, even if it had been street food, she was certain there was a shared connection between them. They had shared so many personal details, and had made each other laugh. Hell, Alex had never felt so enamored with someone before. Besides, even if the feeling wasn’t shared, she still needed to confess her feelings or she feared she’d drown in them. Alex hadn’t stopped thinking about her adorable and awkward neighbor for a single waking or dreaming moment since that first fateful night Eris had rescued her. “So, be it,” she said out loud to herself, and she pressed confirm on the delayed message. There was no turning back now. She had an hour before the message would be sent. She placed the phone in the cubby above her wall mounted key holder. Once restrained, she would have no way to reach it.

Alex was light-headed and bouncy with excitement as she turned to the real work that needed to be done before Eris’s arrival. She was already undressed. She had thought about perhaps wearing something sexy, but Eris had already seen her nude, so she figured that a better approach was to outdo her last self-bondage set up. That made perfect sense, right? *Damn this is the most bizarre way I’ve ever asked a girl out,* she thought to herself. She kneeled down on the rug a few feet from her currently unlocked front door. The idea that anyone could walk in was both exhilarating and terrifying, but the truth was she only wanted one particular visitor. The soft sweet features of the strange woman just a floor below filling her mind, a heat growing in her. Alex tried to put it away, and focus on the work at hand, but as she began, she realized it would be impossible to completely put Eris out of her mind. She would just have to work through it.

She started with her legs. Grabbing a set of six leather bondage belts, she set about lashing her calves to her thighs. First a belt around each ankle and thigh. She cinched it down tightly on her toned legs until the tension was just enough to feel uncomfortable, but then deciding to make her stay a bit more challenging, she drew the belts two notches tighter. Not tight enough to cut off circulation, but she knew from practiced experience she would definitely be feeling the bite within thirty minutes. Next another set of belts around her shins about half way between her ankles and her knees. Then a final set just below each knee. She slipped a small padlock through each belt preventing them from being removed without keys. Alex was now effectively stuck in a kneeling position until Eris rescued her. Smiling at the thought, she locked a set of thumb cuffs, well in this case toe cuffs, around her big toes holding them together. Now she couldn’t even waddle around, her only option for movement would be to crawl painfully on her knees.

Next, she wrapped a leather belt around her waist. The belt already had her vibrating wand secured in a strap that went between her legs. She turned the device on to its lowest setting. Enough to help her stay aroused until rescued, but there was no way she’d be getting off just on that setting no matter the amount of humiliation or how erotic the situation got. She didn’t want a repeat of that first orgasm in front of, or well, on top of Eris that first night. She needed her wits about her somewhat to be able to actually confess her feelings to Eris, so she needed to ensure that she wasn’t too aroused to think clearly.

She pulled the leather strap between her lashed legs, fastening it to the backside of the waist belt. It placed the pulsating head of the device perfectly against her most sensitive spot, but it was still too weak to truly take her all the way. It would be the perfect tease over the next hour or so. Using another set of padlocks, she secured the belt and vibrator so she couldn’t remove them either.

Alex looked down at the collar she had chosen. It was certainly more impressive than the rest of her collection. It was the only metal one she owned, and it was wide and heavy with four hefty d-rings precisely positioned around its outer surface. It was, frankly, a bit intimidating and would play hell on her neck and shoulders. She had bought it after a particularly horny night combined with a half bottle of wine. Alex had only worn it a couple of times, but it was perfect for the presentation she wanted to create for tonight. She wrapped it around her neck and locked it on her neck with an erotic click as the built in lock engaged. No need for her tried and true padlocks on the collar itself, but she quickly used a pair of those same padlocks to secure two small lengths of chain, not more than a few links long each, to the d-rings on the right and left side of the collar.

She let the chains dangle as she picked up a set of metal bands that matched the shiny collar. They were part of the same set in fact. These were wider than handcuffs or even her standard leather cuffs, reaching up her forearms several inches, the metal thin but unyielding as it caressed her skin. Each had a sturdy d-ring on the outside. Alex didn’t immediately secure the cuffs to the collar.

Instead, she looked first to a bowl a few feet away. She had frozen the sole key to the safe in her bedroom inside a block of ice, and then left it to melt in the bowl. It would be the only way she or Eris would be able to release everything she was locking onto her body since Alex had already secured the other keys in the safe. The ice clearly had a ways to go. Maybe she had made the ice release too large, but that would be a problem for later she supposed.

She turned her attention to the gag selected for the night. It was her lone ring gag, the same one that had pervaded her dreams of “apologizing” to Eris for the past several nights. She preferred ball gags, as they were a classic, but the ring gag had other “benefits,” and honestly, she planned to have Eris take it off almost immediately anyway so she could tell her how she felt. Alex inserted it, her teeth clenching around the leather wrapped metal ring. She pulled the straps around her head. With her dark hair already pulled up into a sloppy bun on the back of her head, it was easy to properly fasten the gag. It would be the one item she didn’t lock on tonight. Almost immediately, spit began to pool in her mouth and she started drooling out down her chin to her chest thanks to the openness of the ring.

Then came the final point of no return. She used a padlock to connect her left cuff to the chain dangling from the collar’s left d-ring. The right proved much harder since she had to do it with only one hand, but after some effort she managed to connect the right cuff to the collar as well. Her hands were now stuck just a few inches from her head. Alex knew the best option in this position was to lace her hands together at the back of her head. It would take some of the strain off, but her triceps and shoulders would still feel it after a short time. The position also had the added effect of pushing out her chest. She spread her kneeling legs as far as she could manage. She would be in the perfect slave presentation pose when Eris arrived.

Aroused by her self-imposed predicament, and the softly humming vibrator, Alex began to daydream about what would soon transpire. She imagined Eris would arrive surprised by her current state. She could see those pretty pale blue eyes widening, a look of concern and excitement etched across her delicate features. Then the real fun would begin. This was certainly a bizarre way to ask a woman out, but damn it, it was equally an undeniably hot way to do it. She wallowed in the ecstasy of her daydreams of what she and Eris would do tonight for what seemed like hours, but then as time continued, Alex became aware that a lot of time had actually passed. She had no way to be sure, but she was fairly confident that it had been more than an hour.

The message should have gone to Eris by now, and it was just a couple minutes from her apartment to Alex’s one level up. Doubt started gnawing at Alex’s mind with each minute that passed. Had she not set the delayed message right or had she perhaps thought she had pressed schedule, but didn’t? Or had something happened to Eris? Alex quickly pushed that one out of her mind. Maybe Eris was having second thoughts about being her failsafe? But she wouldn’t just leave her hanging, would she?

Whatever was going on, Alex began to wonder how things would go if Eris didn’t turn up. She’d first have to wait for the ice to melt, then retrieve the key and somehow shimmy and crawl on her elbows and knees back to her room. Then she’d have to open the safe and try to release the various locks restraining her. Alex wasn’t even sure that in her current state she could reach all of them. Doubt was turning rapidly into worry, but before a full-on panic could set in, Alex heard a soft but rapid knock at her door, and a familiar gentle voice called out, “Alex, um, its, uh, Eris, I just saw your, uh, text…I’m really sorry, I was helping a client with, uh, a problem and uh, well, I somehow missed y-your, uh, message. Alex?” Eris’s voice came out fumbling but fast, a mixture of apologetic and concerned.

Alex wanted her to come straight in, so she gave a few grunts through her ring gag. “Oh! Right, you probably can’t talk, right I-I’m your failsafe…” The doorknob turned and the door swung open to reveal the woman who had consumed Alex’s thoughts so completely of late. Eris stood there in the doorway, Alex kneeling a few feet away. Eris wore black jeans, a red and black flannel shirt, the sleeves half rolled, and the same black beanie from the night before. A black shirt with the image of a warrior woman pulling back a bow rested under the flannel. Her blue eyes wide, her face already a couple shades redder than normal.

The two seemed transfixed for a long movement, until Alex, realizing she was completely exposed to any passerby, began grunting something approximating “Shut the door,” through her ring gag. Alex had no idea if the garbled words actually sounded anywhere near intelligible, but it seemed enough to bring Eris back from whatever world she had slipped into, as the smaller woman stepped inside, quickly closing the door with an, “Oh, uh, right.”

Eris moved closer. Despite being at least six inches shorter than Alex, she towered over the kneeling woman. She appeared enraptured by the sight before her. Her eyes tracing over every inch of Alex. The bound woman recognizing the gaze, made a small show of it pushing her chest out ever so slightly, widening her knees a bit more, a seductive look in her dark eyes. Eris seemed to enjoy it, letting out the faintest almost imperceptible whimper. Alex grinned around her gag. This was going to plan so far.

Eris started to regain her composure, “Uh, right, I, um, am your failsafe now, so, uh, you, me to um, need me to get you out, right? The key is on the nightstand I assume?” Eris started stepping away from the front door.

Alex quickly shook her head, and did her best to say no with the gag in her mouth. Eris paused, “Uh, not on the nightstand? So, uh, where is it?”

Alex shook her head again. Then she made a beckoning motion with her shackled hand, and as Eris approached, Alex quickly started pointing at the back of her head to the ring gag’s buckle. The other woman seemed to understand, “Oh, the gag’s not locked on this time?” Alex felt there was an odd tone to Eris’s words, surprise? Disappointment even?

The restrained woman had little time to think though, as Eris quickly removed the gag. She stretched her jaw and swallowed a pool of drool that had accumulated in her mouth. Eris moved back as Alex looked up into her quizzical face. Their eyes meeting, Alex had rehearsed this in her head, but as always, looking at Eris made it all fall away in an instant.

The need to tell Eris her feelings was too strong though, and Alex began speaking, though not precisely as she had planned, her confidence wavering, “Eris, um, I need to tell you something, that’s why I sent you the text to come here, and why I’m, well like this.” The pink and blonde-haired woman looked down, her confusion only seeming to deepen. Shifting slightly, Alex could feel the restraints holding her here as she yearned to run away rather than say the next words, “Eris, the truth is…” She paused again briefly, before the bondage somehow gave her the small ounce of confidence she needed to continue, “The truth is I can’t stop thinking about you. I haven’t been able to think of anything else besides you since that night you rescued me. I-I, uh, don’t want to just be good neighbors or even friends. I want to know all of you, physically and emotionally. I want to be with you constantly. I want, no, I need to give you all of myself…” Alex was sweating, the reality of the words she said lingering in the air between the two women.

Eris remained silent, her hands on her head in a position almost mimicking how the restraints held Alex’s hands. Her mouth was shut tight; an unreadable look engraved on her face. As the silence lingered, Alex felt a sinking dread welling in her. Had she really misread Eris last night and that first night? She needed to give them both an out. “Eris, look you don’t have to answer, I know that was, um, a lot to drop on you, and you probably need ti…” Alex’s words were cut short as soft lips wrapped around her own. She closed her eyes and leaned into the passionate yet gentle kiss.

The two lingered in their kiss for a small perfect eternity. Eris eventually pulled away, “Uh, I’m sorry…I, um, probably sh-should have, um, asked for, uh, permission, b-but, uh, you said those, um, things, and, uh, you, um, look so, um, good, like, uh, this and I, uh, couldn’t…”

Alex smiled and gazed blissfully at the woman in front of her, as Eris processed what just happened. Eris continued, her words oddly fumbling, but somehow there was conviction to them also, “And uh, yes I-I’ve been the same. I actually haven’t been able to, uh, get you out of my mind since the first time you, uh, said hi to me in the hall that week I, um, moved in last year.” Eris seemed worried about the implication of her words, her face now aghast as she spoke, “Uh, I, um, hope that didn’t make me sound stalkery.”

Alex answered calmly and confidently, a smirk on her face, “Really? Are you really worried about that when I had to tie myself up just to ask you out? You think that would worry me?”

“Um, guess not?” Eris offered before leaning in for another kiss. Alex tried her best to hold Eris’s delicate face, but the restraints made it difficult. When Eris pulled back this time she asked, “So, uh, what’s next?”

“Bedroom perhaps?” Alex offered.

“Right, but uh, I don’t know if you can get there in your…uh, current state, yeah, uh, state. And I definitely can’t carry you.” The two shared a small chuckle at the mental image of the small framed and delicate Eris carrying the more athletic Alex to bed.

“Well, the only way I am getting out of these would be over there,” Alex pointed at the nearby bowl, her neck jerking slightly at the movement.

“Huh?” Eris asked, leaning over to see the bowl. Her eyes lighting up with recognition suddenly, “Oh, Oh! I know this one, it’s an ice release, right?” A sense of pride in her eyes. Alex nodded. “Awesome! I read about those. Well, hmmm….” Eris seemed to contemplate for a moment before snapping her fingers and standing up, “I know how, uh, to take care of this, um, little, uh, situation.” She reached over and pulled the still very frozen key out of the bowl, and started towards the door to Alex’s kitchen.

The restrained woman, putting two and two together, realized that Eris was going to probably melt the ice in the sink. It’d be fairly quick, but would still take a few minutes. Not wanting to sit here bored and horny beyond belief after kissing an adorable woman, Alex called out, “Hey, uh, Eris?” The flannel clad woman pivoted immediately on her heels, turning toward Alex with a look of concern and eagerness. Alex blushed a bit and made her request, “Could you um, turn up my vibrator while you work on that?” An unusually sheepish look on Alex’s face as she asked.

Eris grinned mischievously. “Of course, my pet…oh was that, uh, too much?” she asked.

“Not at all,” Alex purred back.

Eris turned the wand vibrator up three notches to its highest setting. In the short time Eris took to disappear into the kitchen, Alex was already feeling an orgasm coming on fast. *Hold it together*, she told herself, faintly aware of the faucet coming alive in the adjacent room. Alex couldn’t help herself though, and began grinding and humping the wand as best she could; trussed up as she was. Her mind slipping into a euphoria of her daydreams made reality. She had confessed her attraction to Eris, and the delightful little fairy of her dreams had reciprocated.

Alex was nearing what she hoped would be the first of many orgasms on the night when, despite her cresting pleasure, she heard a series of odd noises emanating from the other room. First, was the strange sound of metal on metal clinking several times, followed by a soft but panicked voice talking to itself, “Oh, shit! No, no, no, no!” A few seconds later, Alex looking over her shoulder towards the kitchen saw Eris’s delicate but distraught face poke out. “Uh, Alex, uh, that, um, wasn’t the, uh, only key to the safe was it?”

Alex panting from her growing urge, managed a concerned, “Uh, what happened? And, uh, yes, that’s the only one I have.”

Eris’s eyebrows went high, “Uh, okay, that might, uh, complicate things…uh, I’m so, so sorry Alex, but it slipped out of my hands and went down the drain.” Disbelief washed over Alex’s mind and face. Seeing it, Eris tried to reassure her, “Um, it’s probably just stuck in the s-trap underneath the sink, uh, just, uh, j-just give me a minute and, um, I’ll get it back.” Before Alex could say another word, Eris was gone the sound of things being pulled frantically out from under the sink mixing with panicked words from Eris as she worked.

The realization of what had happened and the possibility that her bondage was going to be a bit longer term than planned, raced into Alex’s mind with thunderous and shattering effect. Worry gnawed at her mind, but Alex couldn’t help but feel utterly aroused by the prospect of her freedom being so completely out of her control. The erotic nature of the situation proved the ultimate push, as Alex quickly found herself riding the strongest orgasm she could remember having in years, even more than the one she had from being discovered by Eris a few nights ago.

She pulled and strained against her bonds as her body tensed and shuddered. As she rode out the massive and heavenly climax, she somehow ended up on her side, her hands and legs spasming against the unrelenting bondage. She wasn’t sure how long the orgasm lasted, or if it ever really ended, but Alex became acutely aware of how sensitive she was becoming. She wanted the sensation both to continue on forever and at the same moment, she needed it to end now. As she thought she couldn’t handle another second, the buzzing between her legs stopped abruptly. Alex’s faculties began to return, and she became aware that her upper body was being cradled in the soft warm embrace of Eris’s lap. Looking up at sparkling blue eyes filled with concern and care, Alex felt content despite gasping for air.

“Y-you okay, Alex?” Eris asked. Alex simply nodded. “I found the key. Uh, so, uh, I guess we could go to the bedroom, but, um, I’m not so, uh, sure you can handle that now.” A slight look of disappointment on the soft gentle features of the unbound woman. Alex, despite her post orgasm euphoria, jumped immediately into action wanting to chase that look away from Eris’s face. “Hey, uh, who said uh…I’m a one and done, uh, girl? Besides, even if uh, I was…I uh…can promise you I’d still thank you…uh, properly…it’s only the neighborly thing to do after all,” she tried to say seductively between inhales.

Eris’s face lit up with excitement, “Great! Let me go get the other keys!” Eris gently set Alex’s head down on the rug, before rising and starting for the bedroom. Halfway there though, she paused and turned back to the restrained Alex, an impish glow to her gentle features, “Uh, you know, um, now that I’m thinking about it…I bet a naughty girl like, um, you would really like to put on a show for me, uh, wouldn’t you?”

Alex wasn’t sure whether to moan in arousal or laugh at just how cute Eris was as a bumbling dom. “Sure, what did you have in mind?”

Eris stepped closer, her equivalent of confidence growing, “Well, why, uh, don’t you…uh, crawl on your knees and elbows for your Goddess?”

Alex’s joints groaned at the mere thought. It would be agonizing, especially on the parts that didn’t have rugs. Yet, somehow, she was immediately willing to do it for Eris. The little adorkable monster could ask her anything and she’d probably do it for her. With some considerable effort Alex managed to hoist herself up on her elbows and knees. It was going to be a painful and slow slog to the bedroom down the hall, but she was already getting wet between her legs despite the vibrator remaining off.

As Alex started the painful shuffle to her own bedroom, Eris seemingly read her mind stepping behind the crawling woman, and with a playful tone she mused, “I uh, guess though it won’t be much of a show with, uh, this off, huh?” A few clicks later the wand whirred back to life, not quite at max, but enough to send shivers through the bound woman. Alex began mewling with each movement as the ache in her knees and elbows blended with the pleasure pulsing between her legs.

The next few minutes were a blur of bliss and agony for Alex. Eris only heightened the sensations by standing a few steps ahead of Alex at all times as she crawled. Eris even playfully began stripping out of her clothes as the duo went. First the flannel shirt and t-shirt beneath, shortly followed by Eris’s bra. Alex practically salivated at Eris’s pert chest, and she was mesmerized by the magnificent mural of tattoos painted across the woman’s upper body. Shoes, socks, and jeans followed in short order.

Lastly, Eris pulled off her beanie and tossed it onto the crawling Alex’s back, a cute chuckle emanating from the other woman. She left her panties on though, teasing Alex that it would be the prize for making it to the bedroom. Despite having to stop for another orgasm, eventually an exhausted Alex willed herself into her bedroom. She rested briefly as Eris pulled out the other keys. Eris quickly released the various locks and restraints, but before Alex could fully recover and begin stretching, Eris tugged the woman’s arms behind her back and locked them in a pair of cuffs that Alex had somehow left on the nightstand by total accident, yeah accident, thought the bound woman.

Eris then sat on the edge of the bed wiggling her gray panties off, she beckoned Alex to come and kneel before her. Soon, Alex found her head buried in the other woman’s crotch, her tongue working its well-versed magic. She soon drove Eris to a surprisingly quick and powerful climax. Once recovered, Eris slid up onto the bed, Alex struggling after her with her hands cuffed behind her back. For the next two hours the two women wrapped themselves in a symphony of pleasure. Alex, almost always bound in some fashion, and Eris growing more and more into her playful dominatrix role. Eventually, their bodies could not give any more, and the two drifted off to sleep, Eris spooning the larger Alex, her head nuzzling against the taller woman’s neck.
