---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiessz/what_amber1.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: What Amber Saw...
authors:
- Orion1701
tags:
- Solo-F
- college
- dorm
- discovery
- voy
- Sbf
- cuffs
- rope
- gag
- bfold
- cons
- X
---

It was a quiet day here in the dorms. Most
of the other co-eds took off for the weekend to enjoy the first warm days
of spring. There were only three others from her floor still here but even
they seemed pre-occupied.

Amber exited the showers and wrapped
a towel around herself. It was a simple modesty that she allowed herself.
Quite often she and most of the girls would go nude from room to showers,
but today anyone could walk in. With her firm breasts and toned body the
blonde knew herself to be beautiful.

The towel wrapped blonde stopped in
the hall; what was that sound? She listened for anything out of the ordinary.
Voices drifted up from the end of the hall where the 'rec' room was, but
this was something else. Something softer, closer. It almost sounded like
the scream of someone with their mouth covered like in all of those slash
movies. Amber shook her head; 'I really need to get out more. That's all
it is'; she thought, 'just my imagination'.

Three steps later she heard it again,
this time slightly louder. She was standing in front of Dawn's room, the
head cheerleader with the really big assets. At least that's what the boy's
say about the way she fills out her sweater. Amber stepped closer to the
door, pressing her ear against it. She could hear soft movements and mewing
sounds from inside. For a second she thought about calling for help, but
decided against it. The busty blonde was not exactly a favorite among the
girls and besides, she could just be sleeping.

The knob turned noiselessly in her
hand. Slowly Amber opened the door a crack, just enough to peek in. The
room beyond was as dim as the hallway in which she stood. But she could
tell that something was going on in there. Then she heard the muffled cry
again, but it did not come from the bed. It sounded like someone was over
by the shaded window.

That's where she found Dawn, she was naked
and on her knees. But that wasn't the best part; the large breasted blonde
haired co-ed was securely bound and gagged. Amber stood in shock in the
open doorway as she stared at the bound girl. Dawn twisted slightly in
her restraints as if to escape, but Amber could see that escape was out
of the question.

Stepping into the room the
towel-clad girl closed the door as quietly as she had opened it. She moved
closer to gain a better look, moving quietly as only a barefoot person
could. Dawn's hands were locked into steel handcuffs suspended over her
head. The bound girl knelt on a blanket in total submission. A leather
sleep type mask covered her eyes and a ball with a strap run through it
was buckled into her mouth.

Several loops of rope wrapped her
breasts making her fantastic endowments stand out proud. Amber’s eyes traveled
lower to the rope at Dawn's waist. It was tied belt-like and knotted in
front. From there another cord went under her crotch, something Amber did
not see a need for until she saw the end of the vibrator tied into it.
The device was pushed in deep and would not slip out.

Dawn's ankles were crossed and tied.
A rope ran from them to the back of her crotch rope, preventing the bound
girl from standing. It also seemed to tug gently on the crotch rope every
time she moved. 'Oh shit'; Amber thought, 'she looks so wild'.

She also knew she should call for
help. 'I mean I can't just stand here and watch, can I?' she wondered. No
she had to help, maybe call security. Who ever did this will most likely
come back and that could mean trouble if he finds out she was here. Amber
knew she really should help her dorm-mate, but the helpless blonde made
such an erotic sight that she just couldn't help herself.

'Well.... maybe for a few minutes.
I mean who would know? Dawn certainly won’t, in fact nobody knew she was
in here with Dawn so helpless'. Amber realized the power she had at that
moment. The power to observe undetected, to touch and caress, or to torture
and punish. At this moment the captive girl was so totally hers and had
no way of even knowing.

Amber knelt silently in front of
the bound girl, less than three feet away. She crossed her wrists and ankles
and imagined what the helpless girl was feeling. Slowly shifting from knee
to knee she felt the towel slip loose and drop to the floor.

Dawn twisted in her bondage trying
for some measure of comfort. Amber watched as he twisted and mewed softly
through her gag. 'I REALLY should call someone', she thought yet again. But
this was so wildly erotic. Kneeling naked right in front of someone who
is also naked and helpless. And what’s more the bound and gagged girl was
blissfully unaware for her being found.

Arching her back Amber glanced at
the ceiling. A hook was there with the rope holding Dawn's hands above
her head attached to it. But it was the second thread that caught her attention.
She followed it with her eyes. It ended at a small bowl. An ice cube with
the end of the string rested in the bottom of the bowl. Just outside the
bowl a small key hung. A barreled type key that would fit the lock on Dawn's
cuffs.

Then Amber figured it out quickly.
The ice would melt and the key would swing down within reach. Dawn would
then free herself after an hour or so of captivity. That also meant that
there was nobody to return and find her here. Dawn had done this to herself;
there was no need to call anyone. The large breasted co-ed was just having
a little solo fun.

Well now that was a different story.
Amber felt all of the guilt about not freeing Dawn as soon as she came
in wash away. Only to be replaced by a new excitement. A fresh relief flowed
in to fill the void. As long as Dawn had done this to herself and was not
endangering her life than she was not required to intervene.

Amber reached out with one hand,
almost but not quite touching a bound breast. She could feel the warmth
radiating from the captive girls strained body. Follow the tracks of perspiration
as it ran down the nudes’ body. Slowly Amber's hand glided down following
the curves of Dawn's torso remaining just a hair's breath from actual contact.
That point where you can feel someone's touch before they physically do.
Dawn actually reacted as if she had been touched, moaning and writhing.

A sound just outside the door
startled Amber, and caused Dawn to tense up. But it was just another girl
closing her door across the hall. The bound girl seemed to relax as things
quieted down again. That’s when Amber remembered the ice and key. The ice
was nearly melted through and the key would fall soon.

Picking up her towel the blonde stepped
back to the door. Quietly opening it and stepped out into the deserted
hall. As Amber looked back for one last peek, the key dropped. It swung
down right into Dawn's hands.

The nude girl watched as Dawn released
her hands before closing the door. Running on tiptoe Amber went to her
room and closed the door. She moved to her bed thinking about what she
had just seen.

What she had seen was the most intense
thing she had witnessed in her life. To be tied so helplessly, so out of
control, so beautifully. What would it be like if someone saw her all tied-up
and naked? Maybe one of the other girls she really hated finding her so
helpless. Or one of the boys walking in and seeing her so available. Would
he take full advantage of her situation, or would he wimp out and run away.

An hour later a slightly less frustrated
Amber entered the cafeteria for dinner. She wore a white tank top, khaki
shorts, and leather sandals. She selected her food and turned to the nearly
vacant room.

Off to one side sat a group she really
did not know, on the other sat Dawn. The girls’ hair was freshly brushed
and she wore a pink sleeveless crop with cut-off denim shorts and high
platform sandals. As Amber approached she could just make out the pink
lines around Dawns wrists and ankles.

Amber quickly made up her mind and
went to sit with her. Before she could chicken out Amber had slid into
the chair across from Dawn. Looking into her soft blue eyes Amber asked, "Can we talk?"



2001
