---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Trainer 3
authors:
- Milagros317
tags:
- F+-m
- D-s
- bond
- torment
- captive
- bdsm
- femdom
- foot
- straitjacket
- hum
- cons
- XX
---

(story continues from [**The Trainer 2**](the_trainer2.html))_

_Part Three_

_Karen called Becky on the house intercom, and went into her bathroom. Soon Becky and Barbara appeared, and carried him back to his own bedroom. There they put him back into his straightjacket, and left his ankles cuffed together. They tossed him onto his bed, and told him that they would get him after the women had eaten their own dinner, when it was time for his._

_Becky and Barbara came for Harold at 8pm. He had dozed off, lying on his stomach on his bed. They woke him up by tickling his feet for a minute. Then they carried him into the living room, and placed him on the floor on his back. They put a comfortable armchair over him, so that his head protruded in front of the chair, and his legs behind it._

_Becky and Barbara sat down on the couch, next to a young woman that he had never seen before. Alice, Cathy, and Sarah Chang were all seated on another couch. Karen came in, and sat down in the chair over him. She put her large feet, still bare, on either side of his head._

_"I should introduce Beverly over there," said Karen, and Beverly smiled at him. "She, like Becky and Barbara, is a student here, and on the basketball team. The three of them are my assistants, or, if your prefer, your keepers. Of course, you will obey all of them."_

_She paused for dramatic effect. "And now, for the second condition, required for my accepting your thanks as sincere. You probably don't even remember the incident, but it really stung me at the time. It hurt my pride. It was right after our honeymoon, when we moved into the apartment on Hall Street. You came home, and I was standing on the kitchen table, installing a new light fixture in the ceiling. Do you remember what you said to me? You may speak."_

_Harold looked confused. "No, Ms. Fletcher, I confess that you were correct, and that I don't remember that incident at all."_

_"You said, 'Do you have to stand with your big dirty bare feet on our kitchen table? We eat off that table.' Now do you remember?"_

_"Now that you mention it, yes, I do. I really hadn't remembered it. And I never should have said such a thing. I'm really sorry."_

_"Saying that you're sorry isn't enough, Harry. Now you'll make it up to me. My feet were clean that day, but not today. I've been going barefoot all day, and they're filthy now. Your dinner tonight is going to be peanut butter, licked off of my soles. You're going to lick and lick, until every speck of dirt is gone, and my lovely feet are clean. I hope that you do a good job. When you're done, I expect thanks, and promises for the future. God help you if your thanks aren't profuse and sincere, and your promises aren't generous. Today's little spanking will seem like a joke, if you make me angry. Remember how hard the last ten spanks were? If I'm not pleased with you, then you'll get several hundred a day, every day, just as hard."_

_Harold winced at the thought, and his bottom seemed to burn all over again._

_Karen lifted both feet off the ground, holding her legs out horizontally. Beverly and Barbara, each holding a jar of peanut butter and a plastic knife, spread it generously over her soles, the entire length, including the bottoms of her toes. Then they put more peanut butter between her toes._

_Karen put her left foot down over Harold's mouth, and he began to lick. The women all laughed at him, and Becky taunted him._

_"Does it taste better than my sock did? Does it? You're lucky she only wears size 10, my feet are two sizes larger. Lick, lick, lick, Harry-poo."_

_It took Harold more than half an hour to get all of the peanut butter off, and Karen had to help by moving her foot for him, and allowing him to suck it off her toes. He licked until his tongue hurt, and the gritty dirt mixed with it made the peanut butter taste sour._

_"Alright, my left foot is clean now. Good job. Now the right."_

_Harold had had more than enough peanut butter, but he had no choice. He licked and licked her right sole, the whole length of it, and swallowed as he licked._

_"This is a lot of fun," said Karen, "and not just the symbolism of it, which I knew that I would enjoy, having you lick my dirty soles. But the actual sensation. I like the way your soft tongue feels on my soles. It's quite pleasing."_

_Finally, at 9:30, she pronounced that her right foot was clean. She ordered him to speak. All of the women listened intently, to see if his words would sufficiently please Karen._

_"I apologize, most profusely, for ever having said anything uncomplimentary about your lovely feet, Ms. Fletcher. They are extremely beautiful, and it was a very great privilege to be allowed to lick them. Thank you ever so much for allowing me this honor. I am deeply grateful to you. In the future, I will be ever so grateful to be allowed this honor again. I will gladly lick your soles as much as you wish, whenever you wish."_

_"I'm so glad to hear that, Harry," said Karen, and his face relaxed. "There's just one thing that you left out of your promise, and I'll allow you to add it. You see, I'm going to grant you the honor that you seek. I would like to allow you to lick all of your meals, every single day, off my soles. But I won't be available seven days a week. So, I ask you this, are you willing to add my friends here to your promise? You may speak."_

_"Certainly, Ms. Fletcher, it will be a great honor to lick the lovely soles of any or all of these women, if you aren't here. I'll gladly do it, three meals a day."_

_"Excellent, then that's settled," said Karen. "But I'll bet that all that peanut butter has made you very thirsty. Is that so? Just nod."_

_Harold nodded yes._

_"Sit him up so he can drink," she said to the students, and she left the room. Becky and Beverly came forward, and pulled Harry away from under the chair, and then sat him in it._

_Karen came back into the room, holding an 8 ounce plastic cup, nearly full with her urine._

_"You're going to drink it up, Harry. Each drop that you leave over will be one hundred hard spanks. So drink it all."_

_She held the glass to his lips, and tilted it as he drank. The other women all hooted and laughed at him. He blushed with humiliation, but drank down all of it._

_"As I'm sure you've already guessed, this will be your usual drink at dinner time. It's only my kindness that keeps it from being all that you drink, ever. The seven of us could produce more than enough. You'll drink as much as we wish, each night after your dinner, from as many of us as wish to indulge. Any others tonight?"_

_All six of the other women were enthusiastic, and went to get more plastic cups. Barbara had just gone to the bathroom, so she drank a large glass of beer, and soon had no trouble filling her cup._

_It took quite some time, but Harry drank it all. He was ordered to thank them, one by one, and he did so. If his thanks didn't sound sincere, he was obliged to repeat them. Sarah, Cathy, and Beverly made him repeat his thanks. When they were all satisfied, Karen allowed him to beg for a sip of water, to get the taste of urine out of his mouth. He begged most humbly, and she let him have a half cup._

_"You have three keepers now, Harry, because they can all work long hours during the summer. Once classes start, they'll only work twenty hours a week each, so we'll hire at least twelve more. You'll have two keepers with you all of your waking hours, from now on. I'll be in charge, and overseeing your training, even when I'm not personally on duty. I'll cut down to five days a week once I feel that your routine is settled. Sarah will check on your health at least once a week, and come as often as it pleases her to tickle and torment you. Cathy and Alice will also be here whenever it amuses them to torture you. But you'll never lack for keepers. There are hundreds of young women at Distaff College who'll be glad to be paid to torture you. All in line with the College's philosophy of strong independent women. Tomorrow will be a model day for you, Harry, a model of what the rest of your life will be like. As of now, you aren't scheduled for a visit to the punishment room. It would behoove you to behave, and keep it that way. But I do warn you, in one certain way, tomorrow will be worse for you than today was."_

_Dr. Chang laughed at that, and Harry felt a chill go up his spine._

_"Secure him for the night," Karen said to the students._

_All three of them carried him to his bedroom. They stripped him naked, and gave him a bath. They put a fresh diaper on him, put him back in the straightjacket, locked him in anklecuffs, and secured him to the bed, tying the D-rings as they had been that morning. They blindfolded him, and, on their way out, tickled his feet with their fingernails._

_"Just a tiny good-night tickle," said Beverly. "And remember, tomorrow will be worse."_

_26.11.11_

_story continues in [**The Trainer 4**](the_trainer4.html)

o0o
