---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Batgirl vs the Professor 5: Annie Goodbody'
authors:
- StealthBinder
tags:
- M/f
- F/f
- sbf
- bond
- latex
- catsuit
- conditioning
- mc
- reluct
- X
---

(story continues from [**Batgirl vs the Professor 4: Results**](batgirlvsprofessor4.html))

**Part 5: Annie Goodbody**

Enough of self pity and selfishness.  There ware more at stake here than one person.  The Professor needed to be stopped, along with his sick ideas and inventions.  It was Batgirl’s duty to prevent anyone else from being harmed (or worse) by the Professors gadgets and traps.  Batgirl’s mission was to put him out of business, deprive the super criminals of their death traps and evil toys, and protect Gotham City from the dangers they imposed.

Batgirl was back in the fight.

Barbara stripped off the body stocking and hung it back up.  From the number of hangers, she was going to be receiving many more outfits as the days went by.  She didn’t care if she was naked in front of the camera.  The Professor could order her to strip any time her wanted, so he didn’t need to get cheap thrill from a video link.  Besides, he seemed to have other ideas regarding how she was to be clad.

She quickly showered but didn’t wash her hair again.  When she was dry, she dusted her fit body with the supplied powered and worked herself into the costume.  It took some time, but soon she had herself incased in it as it shrunk back to shape and formed to her figure perfectly.  She put the purple heels back on and locked them in place without out thinking about it.

This must have been another planted suggestion of the Professor’s, always locking herself into her footwear.

She added the gold chain belt, reminiscent of the one Catwoman wears.  She guessed that was the inspiration for the design.  It was too long to fit snugly around her waist, but hung lower, across her hips, lower than her own utility belt, but drawing attention to her splendid figure without slipping off.  Lastly, she put on her cowling and the costume was complete.  She looked in the mirror, letting a little vanity come through.  She looked imposing yet sexy.

She was Batgirl once more.

She closed up the wardrobe and sat on the edge of the bed, waiting for what was to come next.  Her plan was to fight where she could, but not too hard to raise suspicions.  Instead, she’d look for chances to break free or opportunities to talk with Annie Goodbody and find where a weakness in her programming was.

When the lock in the door turned, she expected the Professor to enter again and order her about.   Instead, and to her happy surprise, Annie Goodbody entered.

But it was how she was dressed that was most surprising.

Her outfit was a matching black full length body suit, made of same bright shiny rubber-like material. It showed her beauty pageant winning figure perfectly.  Her large breasts looked exceptional in the tight fitting material.  Perched on a pair of locking black heels, 5” in height, she was tall, lean and sexy, complete with the hobbling chain.  A silver belt, made of large hoops, adorned her hips.

Just as the mousy librarian was replaced by the purple clad crime fighter, the brainy lab assistant was replaced with a vision of kinky erotic delight.

“We seem to match.” Batgirl said as Annie locked the steal door.

“The Professor has particular tastes.” She replied softly.

Good, she was more talkative today.  Time to help her remember who she was.

“To be perfectly honest, you look lovely, Annie, much better than I do.  You always were so beautiful and still are. I remember seeing you when you were in the Miss Gotham City contest last year.  You were stunning in that blue evening gown.  I was blown away with you during the swimsuit contest too.  You were so poised, so elegant, I was envious how stunning a woman could be.  Without a doubt, you would have won the contest.  I just don’t remember you having such large breasts.” Batgirl observed, pouring on the flattery and much of it true.

“A little enhancement courtesy of the Professor.” She said, standing at the bars.

“He gave you implants?” Batgirl asked.

“In a manner of speaking.” She answered.  “It’s all natural, no implants or fake materials.  The Professor devised a stimulated growth process that caused the cells of my breasts to grow at an accelerated rate.  It took about a week to complete before he stopped the process.  I have gained over 4 inches and nearly 2 cup sizes.  Despite the enlargement, they have become much firmer.  I do not need to wear a bra, but the Professor desires that I do.”  She said all this not bragging but as a scientist might describe it.

“It’s amazing.” Batgirl said in shocked disbelief.  “It would revolutionize cosmetic surgery.  Reduce the risks and the possibility of scaring.  Are you happy with the results?” Batgirl asked, trying to get a read on the lovely assistant.

“They are what they are.  I had no choice in the process.” Annie said, looking down at herself.

“That’s not what I asked.  I’ll ask a different way.  If you had the choice, would you have volunteered to have it done?”

Annie looked at herself again.  “I was happy with my prior figure and worked hard to maintain it.  Like I said, the Professor has particular tastes.  The Professor is thinking of using it further on you as well.”

“He wants me bigger?” Barbara said looking at her chest, already bigger and firmer than the average woman.  “I’d look like a freak if I get much bigger.”

“The Professor already did use it on your breasts, to make them fuller and firmer.”

“He did?”  Barbara said as she looked at her chest.  No wonder she felt as though her chest was swollen.  They were bigger and rode her chest higher.  It wasn’t a bad look, but how would she explain it?

If anyone ever got the chance to see them again.

“The Professor is considering using the process on your hair.” Annie replied.  “The Professor wants you to have naturally long red hair.  The process would stimulate your hair growth, alter the color and strengthen it as well.  You could have hair past your shoulders in 7 days or to your waist in 20.  The process can also slow or eliminate hair growth as well.”

Barbara remembered seeing herself naked.

“You mean that…” Barbara began.

“The Professor used the process on you before we placed you in Mind Bender, so the pleasure suit would be more effective.  The hair on your legs and arms has been completely removed.  You will never need to shave again.  The Professor was undecided about your pubic hair, so the process was used to slow the growth until her makes a decision.  Except for my head, all the hair from by body has been completely removed.”

“Guess you save a lot on razors.” Batgirl said with a grin.  Annie gave a slight smile.  The joke got a reaction.  That was something to build on.

“The Professor is expecting us in the testing center.” Annie said. “We must get moving.”

“Mind telling me what the testing center is?” Batgirl asked, not sure she would like it.

“Some might call it a dungeon.” Annie said.

A new chill went though Barbara’s spine.  Not another torture chamber.

“It’s a secure room the Professor has created to test his latest inventions and act out his sexual desires.  Mainly, it’s a place that the Professor takes me and ties me to various items.  Once I’m helpless and gagged, The Professor uses the devices he is currently or already has developed to sexually torment and arouse a woman or will take me there and use me for his own sexual satisfactions.”

“Am I correct in guessing some of those devices were developed to be later used on me?”

“Yes.”

“And he used you as a test subject to prove the effectiveness?”

“Yes.” She said, almost in a whisper, seeming to shutter a bit.

“Annie, I’m so sorry that you had to go though all of that because of me.”

“It’s not your fault.” Annie said softly.  “In most cases, I was not subject to the full force.  To be honest, I found some of them quite enjoyable in moderate doses and have been subjected to some more than once.” Annie said with a slight smile.

“A reward for your loyal service?” Batgirl asked.

“In some cases.  Other times as punishment for my failures.  The Professor does not deal with failure well, his own or that of others.” Annie said distantly.  “Like I said, the Professor has particular tastes. He enjoys the sight of a woman in tight bondage and struggling to sexual torments.  In some cases, the Professor just wanted to watch me in the devices so he can masturbate himself or use me for his own satisfactions.”

“Annie, you must realize that you are more than a test subject or sexual toy.” Barbara said.  “We’re both flesh and blood women, prisoners who don’t deserve any of this.”  Batgirl was trying to plant a seed.

“We must get going.” Annie said, brushing off the comments. “The Professor will be waiting for us and we do not want to be late and make him, upset.”

“What if I don’t want to go?” Batgirl replied.  “No offence Annie, but I doubt you can physically make me go along you without my full cooperation.”

“The Professor said he would very displeased with the both of us it you were reluctant.  From past experience, we do not want him displeased if we are going to the testing center.  He will just come here and order you to go.  The Professor is currently working on a new device and will join us when he is completed the current phase.  The Professor does not like to be interrupted during times like these unless is it very, very important.  Please Miss Gordon, do no make the foolish choice to resist.  We do not want to provoke the Professor’s anger and have him take it out on us.  It would be very unpleasant.”

“For both of us?” Barbara asked.

Annie nodded.

Bargirl noted the use of her real name, and the word us.  To Annie, she wasn’t the Batgirl, the mysterious caped creature and object of his perverted fantasy, but a real person with a real name.  And they were in this together.  Wishful thinking or real progress, only time would tell.

“Ok Annie, for your sake, I will go with you voluntarily.” Batgirl said,

“I must ask you to retrieve the handcuffs and lock yourself in them, both sets.”

“Am I supposed to hop all the way there?”  Batgirl said as she got the cuffs from the drawer.

“No, you only need to be restrained before I open the cell door.  The Professor was very specific about how I am to lead you to the testing center. I will alter your restraints to make it easier for you to walk.”

“He doesn’t trust either of us, does he?”  Batgirl said pointing to Annie’s shoes.  “Maybe he just doesn’t trust the efficacy of his own inventions.”

With her back to the lovely assistant, Batgirl locked her ankles in the first set of cuffs.  With her hands in the small of her back, she locked on the second set.  For the second time today, and for a second person, Batgirl had rendered herself helpless.

She heard the cell door unlock and swing open.  Next, she felt something slip around her neck.  She tried not to be scared when she felt the leather collar tightening around her throat and locking in place.  It was a tight fit but not choking.  Annie knew what she was doing.

Then her wrists were pulled up her back and locked to a short strap that went down her spine, further restricting the use of her hands.  Next, larger cuffs were locked onto her ankles, a set designed for use on legs with a long chain between, and the handcuffs removed.  Lastly, Annie clipped a chain to the collar to act as a leash.

“The Professor’s desire is for you not to speak while we go to the testing center.  To prevent you from talking once we leave this room, I am to use this on you.”  Annie held up a very large purple ball gag with leather straps.

This style of gag was nothing new to Bargirl. Catwoman had a preference for them, both for use on her kittens and on female crime fighters.  Batgirl wore a similar one courtesy of the Joker one night, before he was about to throw her (completely bound of course) off the Gotham Gate bridge, her feet tied to a large rock that would speedily send her to the bottom of the river.  If the impact of slamming into the river failed to kill her, the lack of breathing would.  The gag just kept her from screaming too loud on the way down and drawing attention to her execution.  Had she not managed to head butt then shoulder Joker in the groin and cut through the ropes with her BatKnife before he recovered, she might still be at the bottom of the river today.

“Has he used one of these on you before?” Batgirl asked.

“Yes, but not this one.  It’s special for you. The Professor likes the sound of a gagged woman struggling in her restraints.”

“He likes the helpless, silent type.  I know his kind.  While I’m sure I’ll be experiencing it all too soon, you won’t need to use it right now, Annie.  For you, I’ll be silent.”

Barbara was trying to build a trust with the kidnapped beauty queen.  If she could build an alliance with her, make her see that they can be partners, work together, be friends even, maybe she could win her over and they both could get free.

“I’m sorry, but I must put it on you.  We have our orders.”

“Alright Annie, go ahead.”  Barbara was disappointed, but at least hoped she was building some kind of connection with Annie.  She opened her mouth and Annie placed the ball between her teeth before she buckled the straps behind Barbara’s head.

Her bondage was complete.

With the leash in hand, Annie opened the steel door and slowly led Batgirl to the testing center.  The two women make a rather sexy sight walking in their chains, dressed in the tight fitting outfits and high heels.  With the exception of the chains dragging and their heels clicking across the floors, they made the passage silently.   However, the stimulation from the suits did make Batgirl whimper softly from time to time.  She also though she heard similar whimpers coming from Annie as well.

Batgirl looked at Annie, her ass wiggling in the tight rubber-like costume and could tell her suit was having the same affect.  Under different circumstances, this could be very erotic.  Though she preferred men and didn’t consider herself bi-sexual, Barbara had enough admiration of the female form to appreciate another woman’s figure and could find it desirable.  At the moment, Annie’s figure was very desirable.  She wouldn’t mind seeing Annie tied spread eagle to a bed and have her way with her, or having Annie tie her either.

Apparently, the pleasure suit worked well, even when not wired up.

More than once, Batgirl had found herself the helpless captive of a woman, but never of her own free will.  She’d been bound up against or to several other women, all those times reluctantly.  Once she and a sexy female Assistant District Attorney had been tightly bound and firmly gagged facing one another (naked of course), at the hands of Joker (again), sharing a doubled headed dildo and forced to orgasm over and over to prevent the discharge of an electrical shock that would fry them both.  Fortunately, the sexual encouragements worked too well and the two women climaxed so many times, the unit stored too much energy it burned out before it could jolt them.  The lady DA later admitted that while it had been terrifying, it was also the most amazing, sexual fulfilling experience she ever had, hinting she would like to share another experience with the sexy crime fighter some time.  Though she never took the DA up on the offer, Batgirl privately watched the recovered video (Joker wanted a recording of the whole event, but not be around while it happened live) of the incident many times over.

Batgirl caught a glimpse of sunlight through a dirty window, but having no idea of direction any longer, she had no idea if it was morning or evening.  They took the freight elevator down several floors, Batgirl silently counting floors as the dropped.  She now knew she was entrapped on the 3rd floor of the building, perhaps behind the wall and door she never got the chance to explore behind.

The basement was divided in two, with a short wide corridor and two doors, one on each side.  They selected the left door, Annie opening it with a key.  Just inside was a small room, like an airlock.  Looking at the floor, she suspected that this was a death trap dropping the intended victim, to prevent anyone from entering and seeing what lay past the electronically locked door, or escaping what was past the other door.

Annie swiped something across the door jam. It unlocked and popped open, swinging into the next room.  Led by the chain, Annie took Batgirl into the testing center.

While Annie, having past experience to draw upon, had a good idea what was in store for them, Batgirl could only worry about what was lying ahead for the two of them this day.  Batgirl’s past experience said it was going to be serious.

But in the deliciously kinky way.



20.07.09

story continues in [**Batgirl vs the Professor 6: In the Testing Center**](batgirlvsprofessor6.html)

o0o
