---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/my_life_in_a_cage.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: My Life in a Cage
authors:
- Tweak
tags:
- n/a
---

“My life in a Cage” by “Tweak”

My name is “tweak” and I am being commanded by my Mistress Madam L.
to write you this story. She has given me the name “tweak” because it stands
for “tit-warming-eager-ass-kisser”.I
asked, begged, Madam L. to take complete control of my life for many months
and one evening she decided that my request would be granted. As she began
that fateful night she whispered into my ear, “You should always be careful
for what you wish for. You may find that having is not so pleasing a thing,
after all, as wanting!” It was an ominous warning and my life, or rather
the life that was mine and is now hers, will never be the same. Here is
my story.

Lori and I have been married for a year. For months I have been trying
to get Lori to be the true Dominatrix. She has in the past tied me up and
spanked me, but I knew her heart was never completely into it. She would
hit me with a homemade whip I made from leather shoe laces, but the whipping
always stopped well before I hit my threshold. One day I was so frustrated
that I just said to her, “Lori, don’t you know that I have been longing
my entire adult life to be someone’s slave, to be completely under their
control? I want to be told when to stand, when to sit, when to speak, when
to go to the bathroom, when to talk, when to look – I want to be made to
do things I would never do on my own.”

“I have tried John to be dominant, but I don’t know if I have it in
me to do what you really want,” Lori said.

“Why is it so hard for you,” I asked.

“Because I don’t want to hurt you. Whenever I start to hit you hard
or try to be mean you give me those sad puppy dog eyes and I just have
to stop,” she said.

“Don’t you know that is part of my fantasy?” I said. “I want to try
to stop you with my witty remarks and sad eyes, but I want you to say to
me, ‘That won’t work! I don’t care how much you cry, beg or scream I am
going to make you do whatever I want!’”

“Do you really, truly want me to take control and not give you any say
in what happens no matter what?” she asked.

“There is nothing better I would enjoy in the whole world ,” I said
with a joy that went to the depth of my soul. “I have been keeping a dairy
in my bottom drawer describing my perfect fantasy.”

Several weeks had gone by since we had that conversation and I was beginning
to resign myself to the fact that Lori just didn’t have it in her to be
the sort of Mistress I wanted and needed. I own my own business, and I
am fairly well off financially. I often have to travel in my line of work.
I had been gone on business for a week and I came home from the airport
around 3:00 in the afternoon. I walked into the house and said, “Lori,
I’m home”. I didn’t hear any response. I walked throughout the house looking
for her and when I walked into the bedroom I saw a note on the bed that
said,

“Welcome home ‘tweak’.

That will be your name from now on.

If you know what is good for you, and I am sure you don’t, you will
follow my instructions: get undressed, take a shower, and come down into
the basement naked.

Your Mistress Madam L.”

I could not believe my eyes. Lori had never done anything like this
before. In the past I had to be the one to initiate any domination role
playing. I was excited. I thought to myself that this was progress and
I wondered how far she was willing to take this game. I did as instructed
and walked down into basement.

When I got to the bottom of the stairs I saw the door leading to the
back room standing open with a light coming from it. As I walked through
the door my heart almost stopped. What used to be a 16’x 20’ bare room
was now transformed into a dungeon beyond my wildest dreams. Lori was sitting
on a chair, or should I say throne, that was against the back wall. She
was dressed like the dominatrix I always dreamed about. In her leather
outfit with whip in hand she looked like she meant business. She looked
like she wasn’t playing, but that this was for real.

As I began to collect my senses I looked around the room and saw devices
I had only previously seen in bondage magazines. There was stockade, a
bondage table, a cross, numerous whips, chains, hoods, gags and other instruments
of the trade. And in the corner was something I thought I would never see
– a metal cage! I had always dreamed about being locked in cage and hearing
the ‘click’ of the lock as I stared out helplessly from behind the bars.
The cage was about 4’ long, 3’ wide and 3’ high. And the bars were about
1” thick and were spaced about 4” apart. A person put in there would stay
in there until someone let them out.

After I recovered from all this I began to say, “What is all …” “Whack!”

Lori had approached me and hit me hard with her whip across my thigh.
“Silence!,” she demanded. “From now on I will speak and you will listen.
Is that clear,” she asked.

“Yes.” I replied.

“Whack, Whack”.

“Don’t you know how to properly address your Madam?” she said. “This
is the fantasy you have been waiting for your whole life, isn’t it”

“It is” I said.

“Whack, Whack, Whack” Each blow was harder than the one before it.

“I see what you are trying to do.” she said. “You want me to ‘make’
you address me properly, don’t you? I don’t think that will be a problem.
After today there will be no more problems. You will come to realize in
a hurry, or at least for your sake I hope you do, that I am in charge.
But then, again, why do I care if you are a quick learner or a slow learner?
I am not the one who will be disciplined.”

“Turn around ‘tweak’,” she commanded. "Tweak will be your new name from
now on for I think it fits you very well. It stand for ‘tit-warming-eager-ass-kisser’.
Do you like it?”

“Yes, Madam L,” I said with a sense of smugness on my face for having
addressed her properly.

She caught my sly look and said, “You don’t get it yet, but you will.
You think you’re cute with your laid back attitude and smug posture but
all that will change – in fact it is changing as we speak. Turn around
and put your hands behind your back,” she said with an authority I had
never heard before. I quickly did as I was told and I felt a pair of handcuffs
securing my wrists tightly.

“Tweak, you are now mine,” she said. “There is no escape. Life as you
once knew it is now over. I hope you really believed everything you told
me several weeks ago for you are now going to live your fantasy.”

After saying that she quickly looped a leash around my balls and tugged
until it was tight. I felt a chill go down my spine. She led me over to
the stockade and put my head into the center hole and then locked the top
in place. She then wrapped a rope around my bound wrists and looped it
through a ring secured to the ceiling. She tugged on the rope so my hands
were raised a foot above my back. She then secured my ankles to the base
of the stockade spreading them apart about 3’. I had never been so vulnerable
in my life.

“You may have noticed, tweak,” she began “that this room is no longer
the way you remembered it. I have made a few changes, or should I say 3
very wonderful gentlemen made changes for me. Oh, by the way are you comfortable?”

“Whack”

“When I ask you a question I expect an answer immediately. Are you comfortable?”

“Yes, Madam L.”

“Good,” she said “now back to what I was saying. The floor has been
carpeted, the walls have been sound proofed and all the equipment you now
see is real and of the highest quality. This little ‘project’ cost you
$20,000, I hope you did not mind.”

“I will now commence your training,” she said with a sinister smile
upon her face. “In a little bit you will be put into your cage. I know
you can’t wait for that to happen, can you, tweak?”

“No Madam L. I cannot. I very much look forward to a long time in my
cage.”

“I was counting on you saying that,” she said. “To begin we are going
to play a little game, the first of many. I am going to take a whip and
beat your ass until you beg me to stop. For each hit you endure without
begging me to stop I’ll let you spend an hour in your cage. If you last
ten hits you’ll get 10 hours. If you only can endure 4 then you only get
4 hours. Is that clear, tweak?”

“Yes, Madam L.,” I said. This was a dream come true. I couldn’t wait
to be confined in my cage. I steadied myself to accept her first blow.

“Tweak, count as we go along,” she commanded. “And thank me for each
one.”

Whack. “One. Thank you, Madam L.”

Whack. “Two. Thank you, Madam L.”

Whack. “Three. Thank you, Madam L.”

These were no love taps she was giving me. After I reached ten she told
me that she was just beginning. All I could think about, however, was how
many hours I would get locked in my cage.

“Tweak, we are now going to up the ante if you don’t mind.” From the
corner of my eye I saw her pull out a small block of ice from a bucket
and I quickly broke into a cold sweat. “Was it you tweak, who told me that
if you iced someone’s ass and then hit them that it would hurt a lot more?”

Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!

“Did you forget my rule about answering my questions without hesitation?”

“Yes, Madam L. I did forgot. I am sorry. It was me who told you about
the ice.”

“Tweak I thought you would learn more quickly. But don’t worry I won’t
give up on you – ever!” she said with that sinister smile. She began to
rub the block of ice on my already red ass. She kept this up until I felt
numb. “We are now ready to begin again” she announced . “Let’s see, we
were at 10. Those four you received for not answering my question obviously
do not count.”

Whack!

“Ahhhh” I screamed.I was not at all prepared for such an intense sting.

“Poor tweak,” Madam L. cooed. “It’s a shame that that one did not count.
You didn’t say ‘eleven’ and you forgot to thank me. We can’t start breaking
the rules now, can we?”

“No, Madam L.” I hurriedly said.

“That’s good tweak. Remember this is no longer about what you want.
You are now being controlled by me –and I decide everything for you. Now
let’s begin again.”

Whack! “Eleven. Thank you, Madam L.”

Whack! “Twelve. Thank you, Madam L.”

On the 21st one I screamed, “Please Madam L. I can’t take
it anymore. Please stop.”

“What’s wrong Tweak? Don’t you want to spend a whole 24 hours in your
cage”

“I do Madam L., but I can’t take the pain anymore.”

“Tweak, Tweak. What am I going to do with you? You say you want to spend
an entire day in your cage and yet you don’t want 4 more strokes. Well
I am going to make it easy for you. You don’t have to decide ever again.
Don’t you remember? I am now making all of your decisions for you. And
Isay you will beg me for the last four, is that clear?”

“Yes, Madam L. May I please have 4 more stokes”

Whack! “You call that begging? Tweak do you think I am only talking
to hear myself talk? When I tell you to do something you better damn well
do it? When I say beg, I mean beg. This is what I want, not what you want.”

“Pleeeeease! Pleeeease Madam L. Please whip me 4 more times”

Whack! “Twenty-one. Thank you Madam L.”

Whack! “Twenty-two. Thank you Madam L.” After this one I literally began
to cry out loud.

“What are you doing Tweak?”

“I am crying Madam L. It hurts so bad.”

“Did I tell you Tweak that you could cry?”

“No. Madam L.,” I said as I fought back my tears.

“Tweak, let’s see – what is that phrase that you said your parents used
to say when you were a child? I remember now; ‘If you don’t stop crying,
I’ll give you something to cry about’. I don’t know if they meant it, but
I sure as hell do! If you want to cry then you’ll have to ask my permission
first. Is there anything you want to ask me tweak?”

“Madam L. may I pleeeease cry? Please let me?”
“Only little children cry Tweak. If you want to cry then you better
ask me like a child.”

“ Mama, it hurts. I have a big boo boo and I have to cry. Pwease let
your little tweaky cry.”

“Okay little tweaky I’ll let you cry.”

Whack! Whack! Whack! After Madam L. finished her 24th stroke
I was truly wailing like a baby.

“Tweak, you now get to go to your cage.” At last I was going to get
my reward, or so I thought. “Before I let you go, though, I am going to
put these nipple clamps on you.” She applied the clamps quickly to each
nipple, and I felt as though I were on fire. “Tweak, I won’t take these
off until you are in your cage. These will give you incentive to move quickly.
There is also one more thing I must do before I release you.” I could hardly
think straight from the pain inflicted on my ass and nipples.

“Tweak, I can’t help but notice that your dick is hard. Ordinarily I
would not be surprised by that except for the fact that you told me only
moments ago that you were a little baby. Now babies don’t have hard dicks,
do they tweak?”

I couldn’t believe my ears. I knew at once what Madam L. was thinking.
She had every intention of draining him before I was placed in my cage.
She knew perfectly well that my fantasies were exciting while I was hard,
but that as soon as I came I wanted them to end. I couldn’t face the idea
of being locked in a small cage for 24 hours without being horny

Whack! “Did you forget our rule? I asked you a question, Do babies have
hard dicks?”
“No. Madam L.”

“Obviously my whipping you for not answering in a timely fashion is
not working.” As she said this she removed the nipple clamps, and before
I could fully register that pain, she put them back on in the opposite
direction. Now I was fighting back the tears once again.

“Tweaky, I am going to help you out. I am going to take away that hard
dick for you if you beg me to.” I could hardly hear her words for I was
engulfed in pain. “Tweaky, I want you to beg me to get rid of that hard
dick.”

“Pleeease Madam L. Pleeease help tweaky to get rid of his hard dick.”
I could not believe those words were coming from my mouth.

“Okay, Tweaky. Madam L. will help you.” As soon as she finished saying
this she began to pump him furiously. It wasn’t long before I was ready
to explode. I did not relish the thought of spending a day in that cage
having just come, but I was also dying to explode.

“Tweaky, there is one more thing I want you to do. You weren’t very
good tonight. You did not always obey me. I don’t think you deserve to
come in a pleasurable way. I want you to beg me to make you tell me right
before you come so I can take my hand away and deny you the pleasure of
enjoying your orgasm. Is that clear Tweaky? If it is then do what I asked.

“Pleeease Madam L. Pleeease make me tell you right before I come so
you can take your hand away. Tweaky doesn’t deserve to have a ‘good’ come
tonight.”

“Okay Tweaky, you convinced me. You have my permission to tell me to
stop right before you come. And God help you if you don’t”

With that she began to pump vigorously. After a few moments I was near
the brink. Every ounce of my being wanted to explode but for the first
time in our relationship I knew she was not kidding. After a few more moments
I screamed, “Pleeeease Madam L. stop! I can’t take it anymore.”

With that she removed her hand and placed an object I could not see
under my pulsating dick. I began to shiver and all at once I exploded.
She held that thing under my dick until every last dropped drained. I was
now frustrated, humiliated, tired and still in pain. The clamps hurt more
than ever now that I had come.

“Tweak, I know you want to get loose, but that won’t happen. Don’t even
give me those sad eyes if you know what is good for you.” Madam L. undid
the rope holding my wrists up and she opened the top of the stockade freeing
my head. She then led me by my balls to my new home. This wasn’t really
necessary for I wanted to move as quickly as I could to get those damned
clamps off.

“Tweak, you may now go into your new home.” I got to my knees and crawled
through the door of the cage. After I got through, and before I could turn
around, I heard the steel clang of the door closing and then I heard the
click of the lock. As I turned around and saw Madam L. through the bars
of my new home I realized what she had said earlier when she reminded me
that “you may find that wanting is not always so pleasing a thing as having.”

Madam L. removed the clamps and massaged blood back into my collapsed
nipples. I thought I would die from the pain. She then removed the leash
from my balls.

“Tweak, do you wonder where your come went?”

“Yes I do, Madam L.”

“Well here it is,” she said as she produced a baby bottle. “You had
quite a load for a little baby. I hope you don’t have to come again. Every
time you come while you are in your cage it will be into this bottle. And
any come you have in this bottle at the end of your 24 hours will be your
first meal. Let’s see if you have to come again.”

Madam L. began to stroke my cock again and it wasn’t long until it was
rock hard. “Does baby tweaky have another hard on?”

“Yes. Madam L.”

“You know what you have to do, don’t you. Don’t make me tell you.”

I immediately knew what I had to do. “Madam L. pleeease help tweaky
to get rid of his hard dick. And pleeease make me tell you right before
I come.”

“Ok Tweaky, since you begged so nicely I’ll help you come and I’ll let
you beg me to stop right before he explodes.”

After a couple of minutes I was begging Madam L. to please stop. I again
came in the baby bottle. I thought I was drained before, but now I was
completely spent. I did not want to be in this cage any longer and I wanted
the ‘game’ to end. But Madam L. knows me too well.

“Tweak, I know what you are thinking. I know you want to get out, but
don’t you see there is no ‘getting out’? You are mine. This is no longer
a game. I control you. I control when you are punished, how you are punished,
if you can cry and how you will come. Tweaky I am now going to go upstairs
and lie down. I want you to stay in your cage and think about your new
home and your new life. And don’t you dare come! I have a camera in the
corner and will be taping your every action. I will be back every 4 hours
to see if your dick needs to be drained. Is that clear?”

“Yes. Madam L.”

“Before I leave I want you to be able to see the man, the “baby” you
have become.” She placed a large mirror on the wall opposite my cage. “As
I leave to go to bed I want you to beg to kiss my ass hole good night.”

“Madam L. May I pleeease kiss your ass hole. Pleeease let me kiss it
good night.”

“You may, Tweak.” With that she backed her ass near to my cage and gently
moved the leather panty covering her ass hole. I gave it a long kiss.

“Tweak I think I am going to like this new arrangement. I hope you do.
I’ll see you in four hours!” With that she left the room and slammed the
door shut.

What have I gotten myself into I thought as I tried to get comfortable
in my new home for the next 24 hours.

More of my story will follow soon

25/11/01

story continues in [**My Life in a Cage 2**](my_life_in_a_cage2.html)

o0o
