---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/shelostthebet.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: She Lost the Bet
authors:
- Jon Deets
tags:
- M/f
- M+/f
- slave
- costume
- strip
- fondle
- bond
- gag
- sex
- group
- cons/reluct
- X
---

"Honey, you are wrong", I said.

To which she replied with the magic words-"I will bet you anything"!

"Anything?", I asked, with an arched eyebrow. "Even being my slave for an evening"?

"Absolutely", she replied, "I will be your slave even if involves fucking a stranger, because I know I am right"!

The problem was... she was wrong.

The evening began with me inviting some guys over to watch some football -10 guys to be exact. We grabbed some beer and some snacks, and I brought out the "squares board" just like a Super Bowl game where you write in your initials in one of the 100 possible squares and hope the score ends up making you the winner.

The game kicked off and we settled in for some male bonding, and then the first commercial came on the television. Suddenly, from out of our bedroom, my wife popped out with a very sexy cheerleading costume of one of the teams playing the game. She said, "Alright guys, I am your entertainment because I lost a bet and am a slave tonight, and that is why I have on a collar", and then she proceeded to cheer a bit and dance for the group.

When the commercial ended she kicked off her shoes and began serving as the waitress for the group. She brought us beers, served us snacks and just generally took care of us. The next commercial came on and again she led us in a few cheers, high-kicked and danced a bit, and,when the commercial was over took off her socks.She then immediately went to work by grabbing a serving tray and bringing beers all around.

I kept telling the guys - make sure you buy all of the squares - $100 bucks will get you 10 squares and the chance to win $1,000 because this is a "winner-take-all" game based on the final score of the game, and there are no pay-outs at each quarter-end.

The third commercial came on and again my wife jumped out and cheered, danced, high-kicked and wiggled her pretty ass for the group. However, the room went completely silent when the commercial ended and she turned around and took her cheerleading top off. Now she was standing there in only panties, a skirt, and a bra. She began serving the group again and finally someone asked me "Just what kind of bet was this, anyway?"

"She is my slave tonight", I replied, "and must do as I tell her".

"Holy Shit" was the answer I heard.

The 4th commercial played and after the normal cheering, my wife took off her bra to chants of "take it off, take it off"!

The guys weren't nearly as interested in the game as normal, and were actually happy when commercials played. Off came the skirt at the next commercial, and then, shortly before halftime, my wife was stark naked showing off her nice tits and finely shaved pussy to the group.

Naturally, she continued to waitress and serve the group beers and nice views. I made her go get into bondage gear including wrist and ankle restraints, just for kicks. One of the guys "accidentally" fondled her ass, and when I did not object all of the guys took a quick chance to grasp her tits, ass, and even try to get a finger into her. They dropped food in front of themselves to have my wife bend over and pick it up, which gave them another chance to cop a quick feel and get a great view.

Finally, after much cajoling, I got all of the squares sold, and picked the numbers for the squares. The game was close, and ended up 21-17 and thus Stan won because he had the 1-7 square.

"$1,000 bucks" he yelled.."awesome"!

"Not so fast", I replied, "there is actually an alternative. You can forgo the $1,000 bucks and give it to me, in exchange for the use of my slave tonight".

Stan thought a minute and then asked, "And I get to do anythng I want with her, right?"

"Thats right" I replied.

"Deal", Stan said immediately.

I led my wife over to Stan by her collar, and gave Stan some locks, rope, and chains. "All yours", I said, as I took the $1,000.

Stan said, "Guys, I gave up the money because I am a smart guy. She is all mine to do with as I wish, and right now I well sell a fuck to each and every one of you guys for $100 apiece!"

My wife gasped, and started to yell, but immediately a gag was slipped into her mouth and she was tied to a table with her ass and pussy exposed.

"Who is first?" Stan asked, "and have your $100 ready!"

That night I watched my wife get fucked by 10 guys and then tied tightly to the bed for a second round of cum-filled action. Stan actually made money by giving up the $1,000 he won in the squares game, and my wife is very, very careful with her betting nowadays.

12.08.11

story continues in [**She Lost the Bet 2: Another Lost Bet**](shelostthebet2.html)

o0o
