---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Journey of Discovery by Victoria Mystere - Edited
authors:
- Studbound
tags:
- F-m
- bondage
- cons
- X
---

Journey
of Discovery
By
Victoria Mystere
Edited
by Studbound

Chapter
One

A tiny bead of perspiration
traced a path on the man's hair and in spite of the difficulty, managed
to move to his skin. Moving slowly down, it meandered aimlessly through
the crevices of flesh formed by the constricting leather punishment hood
and collar and further down the bound man's body.

Glistening in the light from
the candles it reflected their glow and became transformed from a clear
bit of nothing into a shimmering jewel of passion moving slowly down the
man's back. The silence of the room was pervasive -- nothing moved and
nothing made noise. In the silence she imagined she could hear the tiny
bead of sweat moving. With an easy reaching motion she placed her thin
leather-gloved finger onto his back and traced the line the bead had made
until finally intercepting and capturing the precious moisture. The woman
drew her finger from his body and examined the tiny bead of gold. She thoughtfully
placed her finger into her mouth and tasted the man's passion.

She moved her hand down his
back slowly causing ripples of tenseness as if he were an animal shuddering
to remove a fly. Wherever her fingers touched she could see the effects
-- a fine quivering accompanied by a muffled moan from under the hood.
Her fingers continued down until they finally closed on the leather thong
tightly trapping the man's genitals. The thong she had placed there. A
leather thong constricting his scrotum and penis which she had carefully
threaded between the man's legs, buttocks, and then tied to the heavy punishment
belt. The thong that trapped and held in the cock and ball harness that
first contained him and made his erection impossible. She loosed the cord
and began to slowly tighten her grip -- then she pulled it tighter. She
heard his breath catch in his throat and he tried to whimper through the
gag under the hood. She smiled. Thinking little of the act, she cinched
it tighter and retied it to the belt.

Moving to the man's side,
she carelessly flicked the riding crop onto his body under his bound arms
where the flesh was tender. Just a reminder that she was there -- and in
control. With a small smile she reached to the chain attached to the clamps
on his nipples and added one more heavy metal hook. The added weight caused
the nipples to be distended a little further and the man moaned loudly.
Reaching out she closed her fingers around the chain holding the collection
of heavy hooks and shook them. They jangled noisily in the silence. The
clinking was nearly drowned out by the intense noises from under the hood
and behind the gag. She picked up the hooks and held them. She measured
their weight and sighed as she felt him relax. With little thought to the
consequences of her action, she tossed them up. For a brief instant they
danced on the air and the man's body relaxed. Reaching the apex of their
short trip they snapped smartly and fell back. With a jerk their travel
downward was stopped and the man moaned loudly as the clamps on his breasts
tightened further.

He tried to move. The chains
holding the thick leather cuffs on his wrists had little play. Still, in
his bondage he did manage to move them slightly. She saw this and reached
to the table behind her and took a rubber bungee cord. She placed one of
the hooks into a link of the chain as far up as she could reach. Even bound
and hooded, the man could tell she was near. Her body heat touched his
skin and his erection strained in its harness causing the cord constricting
it to tighten. She took the other hook from the bungee cord in hand and
stretched it tightly toward the chain holding the other wrist. With nearly
every ounce of strength she had, she hooked it through. Satisfied with
her effort she backed away to examine the completed bondage. With a neutral
expression she moved closer to the man and pulled on the newly stretched
cord -- it barely moved. Releasing it caused it to vibrate: quickly at
first and then slowing down until silence reigned once more.

She whispered in at his ear,
"You know you love it." And then added ominously, "Besides, even if you
didn't -- there's nothing you can do about it now, is there? Now you're
mine!"

Then she sat down, watching
him. She picked up the paper he had given her, before she bound him. Relaxing,
she opened the sealed envelope, removed the paper and read the letter -
the love prose/poem - he had written:
 
Here I am inside,
bound, helpless, vulnerable. 
The woman who bound me can
keep me for as long as it pleases her. 
She can display me, or just
leave me-- all night if it suits her. 
Longer even.
She knows the severity of
my restriction, because she knows the limits
that can be imposed by tightening
or loosening the restraining straps. 
There is time now; there
is time to dwell upon my condition, consider my limits, 
concentrate on my will and
stamina to stay the course. 
I want to prove myself to
myself as well as to HER.
I abandon myself to a fate
totally beyond my control. 
And the deeper the restraint
infuses my spirit, the
more it liberates, and,
yes, gives me freedom!
The longer I am bound and
gagged, the happier I am.
The longer I am in bondage,
the more I trust her.
The longer she keeps me
tied up, the more I love her.
And all the time there is
stirring warmth, a sense of
unutterable joy in my loins. 
An initial erection may
subside and re-surge, or may
not develop at all, but
constant tumescence bears
witness to that joy. 
Actual orgasm, though eventually
desirable, is not
important. 
The whole trip is an orgasm.
Bondage is a release.
I can relax.
I can let my mind dwell.
I can struggle.
I can beg for release knowing
it won't come.
She is in control.
I trust her.
I love her.
I fear her!
Right now, as you read this,
I've been immobile for a
while, and I occasionally
drift away from the
consciousness of my surroundings. 
I'm not in a total sensory
deprivation situation, but
my senses do turn off from
time to time, and I'm left
with only the struggle of
my mind to come to terms
with isolation and discomfort;
to transcend, and be
released by the sheer force
of my will. 
I'm proud to be here. 
I'm not an exhibitionist,
but it turns me on to know
that the person displayed
to you inside this
confinement--suffering,
struggling, exhilarated and
satisfied--is me. 
The more I'm bound, the
more effectively I am gagged,
the freer I feel. 
I'm glad to have you know
this.

Bondage means different things
to different people. To
some it's the means to an
end; to others, the end in
itself. It's as awesomely
beautiful to behold as it is
to experience. It's esoteric
as well as erotic, mental
as well as physical. It's
been described as a Heavenly
Hell, and can be so when
seriously employed on its
own, or in conjunction with
disciplinary treatment,
humiliation, Corporal Punishment.
But tonight we are
considering Bondage as the
core, the essence of any
S/M situation.

True Bondage is inescapable
Bondage - confined,
gagged, unable to move or
speak. It is when a woman
puts me into restraints
from which I cannot free
myself. The woman who binds
me, binds me to herself as
the instigator and perpetrator
of whatever agony and
ecstasy is to follow. I
start by indulging in fantasy,
then grow inward, and finally
retreat from superficial
reality into true reality.
If we understand each
other--if we have a rapport,
she may then want to take
me deeper, and as I approach
my endurance limit, she
will help me to steel myself.
The ultimate, and most
rewarding aspect of rigid
bondage, for me, is that
moment when I feel that
I cannot endure another second
of the restraint, and I
try to cry out for release.
But she will not give in
when I might.

The more she keeps me bound,
the more, despite my
pleas, the more I love her.
The longer I'm bound, the
better it is.
The more I want to be free,
the greater the ecstasy.
I would not want to fail
that woman, much less myself.
She would know that I always
try not to use a release
code--that despite my pleas
and whimperings, hopefully
not intelligible due to
my gag, that hers is the
judgment, hers the decision.
Then, eventually, my
"Thank you, DEAR" for the
trip from Heaven to Hell and
back would be heartfelt
and sincere.
The longer she keeps me
from saying it, the happier I
am. In the morning, the
next day, a week later, it
doesn't matter.
She is in charge!
Thank YOU, Dear!
I love you!

She smiled.

She was incredibly happy.

It had not always been so.
 
 

**[Continues
in Part 2](journey_of_discovery02.html)**

30.09.02

story continues in [**Journey of Discovery by Victoria Mystere - Edited**](journey_of_discovery02.html)

o0o
