---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: My Best Birthday
authors:
- Studbound
tags:
- M+-m
- F-m
- bond
- hogtie
- frat
- oral
- cons
- X
date: 2002-09-05 00:00:00
---

Despite the tradition, I
was determined to join the fraternity. It was an old fraternity with great
prestige and my brothers had been members, so I wanted to follow in their
footsteps – even though it meant acquiescing to the tradition. Everyone
knew about the tradition – it dated back so far that even the fathers of
current members who themselves had been members couldn’t remember when
or why it started. It wasn’t hazing by any means, and the college administrators,
who must have known about it – a couple of them had been members of the
fraternity, simply ignored it as something which that particular fraternity
did that was harmless fun and a long standing observance not to be quickly
challenged.

The tradition was simple
enough. Each fraternity member spent his birthday naked, bound, and gagged.
It generally happened starting at midnight on the member’s birthday and
lasted twenty-four hours until the following midnight. Usually the member
was tied up in the main lounge on the floor. The evening of the birthday
there was always a party celebrated around the trussed up "guest" and it
wasn’t unusual for older brothers, fathers, sometimes even mothers and
girlfriends to attend. As the restrained member squirmed on the floor,
everyone had a good time, ending up with a joyous singing of "Happy Birthday
to You."

Of course, not everyone had
a birthday during the school year. For those who had their birthday during
any of the vacations, an alternate date was selected and posted on the
bulletin board along with all of the real birthdays. So sometime during
the school year each of the twenty-two of us had a "birthday" complete
with the bondage that went with it.

The tradition was carefully
explained to potential members, although everyone knew about it long before
they arrived at the University. Those selected for membership went through
a ritual initiation that further demonstrated the tradition. At eleven
PM on the evening of the initiation, new members appeared naked in the
lounge. Returning members bound their hands behind their backs. Then the
fraternity president explained, "We come into this world naked. You enter
this brotherhood also naked. We come into this world tied to our mothers.
You enter this brotherhood symbolically tied to indicate the bonds that
will for your lifetime bind you to the brothers, past, present and future,
who you are now joining. We come into this world mute. You enter this fraternity
equally mute [as these words are said a returning fraternity member approaches
each freshman initiate and puts a strip of duct tape on his mouth]. To
remind you and all of us of these important ties, you will spend your birthday
in thoughtful contemplation, naked, bound and gagged as we now prepare
one of our current members."

At that the President holds
up a box that contains the names of all returning members including his
own. The Vice President draws a name which he reads. That member steps
forward, strips completely, and is securely bound and gagged and hog-tied
on the floor. That will be his ‘birthday’ for that school year and he remains
that way for twenty-four hours. The new members are asked a number of questions
indicating their willingness to be fraternity members, to follow the customs
and traditions of the fraternity. At each question the member grunts his
agreement. The initiation is then over but new members must remain naked
with their hands tied and their mouths taped for the next twenty-four hours
and they will celebrate their birthdays in the traditional manner.

In recent years a few older
members had tried to dodge the tradition by cleverly absenting themselves
from the campus. Some were caught, but once in a while one managed to actually
escape and it was a badge of pride if you were clever enough to get away
without having to endure the birthday ritual. The rule was that it had
to happen exactly on your birthday, and no other time, so if you could
find somewhere to hide, you could evade what most of us conceded was inevitable.

In my freshman, sophomore,
and junior years I dutifully allowed my fellow frat brothers to get me
out of bed at midnight, strip me naked, and tie me up and gag me as they
happily did to everyone else and as I equally happily did to each of them
when it was their turn. I enjoyed the party they threw the following evening,
and was relieved when it ended at midnight and they released me. Nobody
ever escaped once tied. There was so much experience at hog-tying bondage
that one simply endured when it was his turn, and then eagerly pitched
in when it was someone else’s time. But as my senior year birthday approached
I decided to try to dodge the ritual and gain points as I became one of
the few who had cleverly avoided the constraints imposed so cheerfully
on one’s annual celebration.

I laid my plans carefully.
I had one last class at two in the afternoon on the day before my birthday.
I left the fraternity house as usual heading for the campus, and attended
the class. After class I walked through the student union building, out
the back door, and quickly caught the first public transit bus that took
me into the downtown part of the city. From there I transferred to another
bus that took me to a suburb where I knew of a motel. I checked into the
motel under my full name, and laid low in my room studying my book the
rest of the afternoon. In the evening I bought a quick dinner in the motel
restaurant, and retired to my room to watch television. At a little after
ten I was in bed asleep.

When the hands grabbed me
by the arms and legs with one firmly over my mouth, I knew immediately
what was happening. Swiftly, efficiently, they tied me spread-eagle on
the bed. A ball went into my mouth, strapped in place and covered with
wraps of duct tape. The ropes that held my arms were similarly wrapped
with tape and tape encircled my hands binding my fingers together. It all
happened in the dark and very fast. Finally a piece of duct tape closed
my eyes and put me really in the dark. There were no voices, no indication
of who was there, although I knew perfectly well who was there. I found
out later that it only cost my fraternity brothers fifty dollars to bribe
the night clerk to let them into my room, and that two of them had been
following me suspicious that I might try to avoid the sacrosanct tradition.

So there I lay, stretched
out on the bed, naked, blind, bound, gagged. And it was all over. I would
remain there for twenty-four hours – until midnight the next night. And
the worst part was that I would miss the party that I was sure they would
throw back at the fraternity house. Perhaps I hadn’t been quite so clever
after all.

Was anyone in the room? I
couldn’t tell. Was it light or dark? I didn’t know. Had an hour passed
or two? Impossible to tell. Was the door or the room open so people passing
by could see me, or was I secluded? No sense worrying, there was nothing
I could do about it.

And then I thought I felt
something. Maybe not. Yes, I felt something soft on my right arm. It touched
my arm just above my elbow. Then it was gone. Nothing for a long time.
I squirmed, made noise in the gag.  Nothing. Suddenly a light touch
on my right tit. I jumped at the sensation. Who was there? Nothing. Was
it my imagination? Was I losing it? Another touch on my right tit – firmer
this time, but still just a touch. I tried to cry out, but only muffled
sounds emerged.

Nothing for another long
time. Then a touch on the inside of my left leg above my knee and the light
touch went slowly up my leg toward my crotch. This time I was sure there
was something going on. So was my prick that started to jump to attention.
God only knew who was there enjoying my frustration – and my arousal. The
soft touch went up and then back down my left leg. Then nothing. Then up
and down my right leg. By then I was horney as could be, hard as a rock.
More attention to my tits, soft, teasing. Then it stopped. Nothing.

I waited. I squirmed. My
erection subsided. After what seemed like forever something touched the
bottom of my right foot. Slowly it went up and down causing me to jump
and try to pull my leg away. The rope held fast. I laughed into the gag
as I am ticklish and the light unavoidable touch was a tender yet sensual
stimulus that caused my body to convulse. As I jumped and twisted in my
bondage, the tickling continued with more emphasis and pressure. Then,
suddenly, it stopped. Nothing. I lay and waited. Who was there?  Who
was torturing me with such pleasure?

Were they still there? Had
they quietly left? Was it male or female? Nothing for such a long time.
Then I felt it, damp and warm on my stomach. At first I couldn’t tell what
it was, but soon I realized it was a tongue, slowly moving on my body,
up toward my right tit where it lingered, where teeth gently nibbled at
my tit, then withdrew and moved down my body toward my stomach, and on
down. I was so hard by then I thought I would explode. But whoever it was
knew how to keep me excited without climax. The next time I felt the tongue
it was tickling my balls, first my right and then my left testicle, bounding
them around, flicking them with a quick tongue movement. Then the mouth
moved up on my prick, slowly teasing it, ending up at the head where the
tongue toyed with light and heavier brushes causing my penis to twitch
and strain. Heavenly pleasure and ghastly torture at the same time. I strained
at the ropes that bound me, unable to resist the penetrating waves of overwhelming
pleasure that the tongue and mouth continued to shoot through my body.

Finally, after what seemed
like an eternity, the mouth engulfed my erection and began a rhythmic movement
that quickly brought me to full climax. As I bucked and bounced on the
bed, my body writhed in bursts and waves of pleasure. My arms and legs
pulled against the binding ropes and I screamed into the unrelenting gag.
I had never felt anything like it in my life.

As the orgasm subsided, I
settled down and relaxed.  Nobody there. Nothing. I had no idea if
it was early morning, mid day, or what. How long had I been there? Would
they remember to come and untie me? Who had provided me with such gratification
– such unimaginable sensations? I made sounds into the gag, but if anyone
was there, they were ignored. I knew I had to remain bound for the full
twenty-four hours. That was the tradition. But how much longer was that? So frustrating.

After waiting for God only
knows how long, I felt something on the bed next to me. Someone. The bed
moved, and someone was lying curled up next to me. Quiet. I heard soft
breathing. Someone was there. I knew for sure that I wasn’t alone. The
person slept, then finally started to move. A hand stroked my stomach,
my chest. It played with my hair – the hair on my head, the hair on my
chest, the hair at my crotch. I was erect again. The hand played with my
erection and I heard giggling. Probably a woman but I wasn’t sure. I hoped
it was a woman. Had they paid a prostitute to play with me?

The hand played with my erection
for a long time keeping me hard longer I think than I had ever been hard
before. A light finger toyed with the sensitive head of my engorged prick.
Again I twitched and jerked without any success. Then I felt the person
next to me start to move – to move over on top of me. I felt breathing
as the person’s face was over mine. I moaned. The body slowly
dropped and I felt my erection enter the body of what I now knew for sure
was a woman. Gently we undulated together – gently, drawing out the sensations.
She was in control considering my bondage. I had a little movement, but
she was in control. We rocked together for a long time, and finally I climaxed
again. She lay on top of me for a while, then as my erection withered,
she pulled away and left me.

Who was it? God how badly
I wanted to know. Nothing. I heard a toilet flush somewhere. Nothing more.
Then it was quiet. Was someone still there? I couldn’t tell.

When the noise started, I
realized that there were many people coming into the room. Somebody pulled
the tape off of my eyes, and I saw about a dozen of my fraternity brothers
standing around. They brought beer, and cake, and were setting up for a
party. One of my real older brothers was there looking down at me and smiling.
"Happy birthday bro," he said. "Looks like you’ve been enjoying it."

They sang "Happy Birthday,"
and carried on telling stories, jokes, and making obscene comments and
gestures about the nude man lying on the bed. I was astounded when my girlfriend,
April, showed up. What if she found out about what had happened while I
was bound and gagged in that motel room?

Finally, at midnight, they
untied me. Stiff and sore, it took me a while to move about comfortably,
but eventually I was back on my feet. I dressed, and April said she would
take me back to the fraternity house. In her car, on the way, she looked
at me and smiled. "I loved spending the day with you today,’ she said.
"And you can count on this for sure – you’re going to spend many more days
and nights tied up. Count on it!"
