---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiesek/finishing_school12.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Finishing School II part 2
authors:
- Rbbral
tags:
- FFF/m
- FF/f
- latex
- bond
- enema
- bagged
- fem
- cons
- X
---

**Part Two**

It was a
warm summer night but they were dressed to the nines – in rubber. All three
wore full length hooded capes with only their faces exposed. Miss Broad looked
calm and controlled, Emma quite uneasy, and Sarah downright uncomfortable, as
well she may. Sigi kissed Miss Broad and then Emma, although she didn’t
exactly return it. Sarah nodded shyly and tried to smile but Sigi laughed,
gripped her shoulders and planted a big kiss on her lips. She looked shocked but
did not wriggle away. Sigi was well aware of the power she seemed to have over
these women and thoroughly enjoyed it.

From the
insides of the capes, studs were released, and they stepped out of them and
handed them to me. Sarah noticed my manacled hands and feet and gave me a secret
smile of encouragement, and then Emma winked and nodded imperceptibly. Their
outfits were stunning and I felt a surge in my cock, which was painfully
rebuffed by the needles in the pouch. The last thing I wanted was to start
getting an erection! As befitted their positions in the school hierarchy, they
were dressed completely differently.

Miss
Broad, Linda, was all in black, a stern black full-length dress, tight at waist,
bust and neck with ruffled sleeves to tight wrists. From the hips the dress
flared out to ankles. She had a high collar that kept her head high. She must
have been corseted for she walked stiff and erect. She was the image of the
mature dominatrix and I wondered if she chose this as a counter to Sigi’s
authoritarian manner.

Emma
looked divine, in a full-length white gown cut low at the front; her breasts
were positively fighting to be released from their small harness. It hung
loosely from under her breasts and was held by two small spaghetti straps. She
wore a gold choker, white shoulder length gloves and white five inch high heels.
Somehow I was actually proud of her, did she do this for me? No, she knew my
feelings for Sarah, but she certainly wasn’t lacking in self-confidence. She
smiled at me, a supportive and genuinely open smile, a smile that said, hang in
there, we are with you.

And
Sarah, to say that she had been poured into the gown would be an understatement!
How did she get into it? Stretched skin tight from mid calf to neck it was as if
she was painted in shocking pink latex. If she had goose pimples they would have
shown through. A tiny zip at the back was the only apparent means of entry.
Perched on her five inch pink pumps she tottered with nine-inch steps into the
room, her tight dress allowing her no more movement. Her hair was pulled back in
a ponytail, striking blue eye shadow and bright red lips and fingernails
completed the vision.

I moaned
into my gag at her beauty and tried to concentrate on something else as my cock
surged and was rewarded with a sharp pain from the rubber needles. I felt very
jealous as Uta and Mia each took a turn and pecked her cheek. I could see they
were ready to devour her, given a chance, and I hoped that I would be able to
attract all their attentions; I wouldn’t wish them on Sarah at any time. They
all sat as I went to the kitchen, dumped the capes and took back a drinks tray.

The
conversation was very stilted, I could feel the tension, Emma and Sarah
particularly were uncomfortable, and it wasn’t because of the dresses. The
other four seemed more at ease. I minced over on my heels, the large dildo
moving imperceptibly within my rear. I leant over, constricted by the corset and
the pouch, and passed them a drink. Each of the women eyed me, some coolly,
others with affection. Biting down on the rubber dam in my mouth I smiled at
Sarah without showing my over-white teeth. She smiled encouragingly again. I
stood by the fireplace, legs slightly apart as the conversation finally warmed a
little. Sarah kept glancing at me, but I tried not to meet her eyes, afraid of
incurring Sigi’s wrath later.

The
conversation finally warmed up and became a lot more specific, the topics being
rubber, slavery, domination……..and me.

“So
Maxine has been quite the find for you Linda, hasn’t she?” Sigi began. “We
had a lot of fun with her this afternoon in the rubber room. You were very
naughty not telling us her little secret.” Miss Broad gave her a look as if to
say, well you would have found out anyway.

“But,
I do feel you have been too lenient on her, she’s been having it too easy, I
think. This afternoon has been an eye opener for her, and it’s only the start.
We also came up with some interesting variations on her costume. As you know we
occasionally take in male slaves to train, and so we were lucky to have some
gear with us. We should show you. Maxine, come into the centre here.” I
hesitated a second and then came to the centre of the room, now surrounded on
three sides by the six women.

I tried
not to make eye contact with any of them, but I couldn’t help quickly glancing
round and seeing Mia and Uta in their matching red dresses, Sigi in her yellow
and green outfit and then, Miss Broad in black, Emma in stunning white and
Sarah, who gave me an encouraging smile, in her stunning pink sheath.

“Now
Maxine, lift your skirt and show us our clever undergarment combination.” I
hesitated, I don’t know why after all Sarah and I had been through. Sigi’s
voice hardened.

“See
what I mean Linda, pure insubordination; a proper sub does not even think a
second. This one still needs some firm handling. Maxine, lift your skirt, now.
You will be punished later for your lax behaviour.” I gripped the edges of the
short skirt and lifted them, pulling then to my narrow waist. I displayed myself
front first, cock and balls still being painfully tormented in the rubber pouch.
Although I turned my head to the side something in me wanted to see the reaction
of the women. Sigi, Uta and Mia showed an amused pride, Miss Broad a
professional interest, Emma was also interested, but I saw some sympathy there
too and Sarah, not so much shocked as compassionate.

On
Sigi’s command I turned around, filled with embarrassment and mortification.
There was an intake of breath when the dildo came in view and my cheeks under
the panties clearly spread. Between the white panties and my stocking tops they
could also see the bright weals of the whipping I had earlier. I thought Emma
and Sarah would be shocked but then Sarah and I had both had a butt plug tail up
our rears for half the afternoon, courtesy of Emma! So the effect was not as
shocking as Sigi might have hoped for.

“The
cheek spreader was used during the whipping to gain maximum access to the
fleshier parts of the rear. The dildo is four inches long and one wide, and will
stretch the rear passage nicely for larger intruders we have planned later.” I
bit down on my gag at the thought. “The dildo can move slightly, Mia will
demonstrate.” Mia chirpily stood and approached me with a demonic smile. With
a dainty finger and thumb she pulled the dildo down and gave it a half twist, My
sphincter slowly released it and she pushed it back into my insides. Mia smugly
sat again and Sigi then ordered me to replenish the drinks.

When I
returned from the kitchen and gave them their drinks, returning to stand by the
fireplace, Sigi said.

“Oh I
forgot to show you another of our designs, one of Uta’s.” Uta looked quite
proud and beamed.

“Maxine
come here and give us a nice broad smile.” I did so, showing off my bright
white rubber teeth.

“What
a lovely smile and what an effective gag.” She stood next to me now.
“Outwardly, perfectly normal, inside here, a rubber dam with teeth clamped
down on her own, impossible to take off without my little screwdriver here. Take
a closer look, come on.” So Miss Broad, Emma and reluctantly, Sarah, stood and
examined me as if I was a dumb mannequin. Miss Broad drew back my cheeks and
peered in to see the tiny screws; she closed my cheeks and lips and said.

“Mmm,
very effective Sigi.” She was really very approving. “That’s a fine design
Uta, totally undetectable, excellent for taking the girls out in public, or
bringing some new ones to the school. Do you have any more?” Uta nodded
proudly. “Good, I’ll take some with me when we leave.” She sat down and
Emma, acting coolly, pulled back my cheek, but when out of vision of the rest
she smiled and winked at me.

“Yes,
excellent, Sigi, very effective.” And she sat down. It was now Sarah’s turn.
She placed the palm of one hand on my cheek and ran her finger along my lower
lip, gently pulling it down, then lifted my upper lip exposing my shiny teeth.
Then she said, as calmly as she could.

“Yes,
very efficient. I’d….hate to wear one of those.” Uta laughed aloud and
said.

“Well,
maybe we can arrange something later for you Sarah dear. I would be delighted to
introduce you to it; you have such a perfect, kissable mouth, and just begging
to be gagged.”

“No
thanks.” Sarah said, brusquely. She knew this was a challenge and that they
may “meet” in the future but she did not rise to the bait.

“Linda,
dear,” Sigi said, “cannot Sarah stay with us over the long weekend? We would
so love her to stay, as you can see she has made quite an impression on us all,
she is really very pretty and it may give Maxine a bit of a break.”

“No!”
Sarah responded loudly.

“That’s
enough Sarah, I shall do the talking, and you will do well to be quiet.” Miss
Broad seemed to be aware again that her authority was under challenge. “Sigi
dear….you have Maxine as your…plaything for the weekend and you have
promised me you will be on your best behaviour, now how can I trust you with
Sarah?’

“Oh
come on Linda, be a sport.”

“No, I
must retain some rules here; I will not be run roughshod. Sarah is now…..in
Emma’s charge.” Emma looked surprised at this sudden turn, but then looked
at Sarah and nodded vigorously. “Sarah can come and see Maxine over the next
few days, with Emma – visiting privileges. I will not have you taking over
this place Sigi, you have Maxine and frankly I’m not too happy about that.
Can’t you find enough things to do between yourselves?” Sigi laughed.

“Of
course not sweetie, half the fun is having someone new to play with, to train,
to subjugate. You are a spoil sport sometimes Linda.” They all laughed again
but I had a sense it wouldn’t be left there, and maybe it didn’t bode well
for Sarah, or Emma. Uta changed the conversation.

“Sarah
dear, I love your dress, and your figure is….scrumptious. Do you have a corset
on? No?” Sarah replied, somewhat self-consciously.

“No…although
I have worn one over the last few days.”

“Yes,
I’m sure, I would love to corset you, dear, bring that voluptuous figure under
control – even better than Maxine’s, although she looks wonderful too.”
The others murmured agreement, and Emma couldn’t resist commenting.

“Well
I have to take some credit there, although Maxine has surprised us all and
impressed us too. She is already almost one of the family, isn’t she Miss
Broad?” Emma was being fairly blatant now, a warning about not be too harsh
with me, perhaps.

“Yes
Emma, Maxine is one of our favourites already, much respected and admired. Sigi,
I do not want her harmed unduly.”

What did
she mean by unduly, I thought!

“She
has come along way in a short time, she has come to appreciate the wonderful
qualities of latex and understands female domination and her own subjugation,
and what it means to be a true sub. I do not wish you to crush her spirit
completely, you may have your fun, as we do, but I think you will know where to
draw the line.”

“Oh
Linda, do stop fretting, Maxine will be fine, and so will Sarah, if you will
allow us to invite her to stay.” Invite? What a joke, I thought.

“Not
right now, Sigi.” And Miss Broad smiled sweetly and it was left at that. Sigi
however no doubt felt she had made some headway and it appeared she would not
give up on Sarah. They talked some more, mainly about the pony girl races,
asking Sarah if she enjoyed them.

I was
surprised to hear that she said she did. A little sheepishly, she admitted she
liked the rubber pony clothing and how it gripped her body in all the right
places. Then even more surprisingly she admitted a little sheepishly she
didn’t mind the bit or the blindfold. She liked the idea of being completely
in the control of someone she could fully trust. And she liked the idea of
running freely and yet tethered to one……she loved. Here she looked at Emma
and me and we exchanged smiles. After a while she even got used to the pony tail
and butt plug, she said, well maybe not completely used to it, but at least
adapting to it. Miss Broad looked on approvingly and then Uta said.

“Very
interesting Sarah, I have to say I would love you as my pony, but…..perhaps I
would use a larger butt plug, it doesn’t pay to have a pony that is too
comfortable!” Sarah stared at her in silence, there was a challenge there and
both of them seemed prepared to take it up. Miss Broad broke the silence.

“We
must go now.” She stood, and so with some relief did Emma and Sarah. Sigi
kissed Miss Broad on her cheek and they parted smiling, seemingly good friends
again. Mia, Uta, Emma and Sarah embraced but from Emma and Sarah’s point of
view considerably less affectionately. Uta had clearly taken to Sarah; her arm
was around her waist, so tightly encased in the pink rubber.

I
brought their capes. They were helped into them by Sigi’s girls. Uta helped
Sarah of course, not taking her eyes off her, and once Sarah’s arms were under
the cape she pressed the studs up to her chin and then pulled her hood over her
head. Loosely imprisoned as she was now, she could not defend herself when Uta
pressed her hands on either side of the hood and fastened her lips on Sarah and
ravenously kissed her. Sarah wriggled in her cape but had little defence. Uta
parted, and Sarah’s face was flushed as Uta said.

“I
look forward very much to tomorrow night.” Sarah still seemed a bit stunned
and licked her lips. Mia now kissed her lightly on the lips and then Miss Broad
and Emma went downstairs carefully on their high heels. Sarah stayed an extra
second or two and glanced back at me; her gorgeous face framed by her hood and
gave me a smile of encouragement. As they left I heard Miss Broad say.

“Good
night Maxine, be a good girl now, I know that this is all a bit strange, but
when you first arrived here it was strange too, and look how well you have
progressed. So dear, you may learn a few tricks from these girls too, chin
up!” They now departed and I was left alone with these women again, for the
night!

Mia and
Uta went to change and left Sigi and me in the room alone. She patted my cheek

“Maxine,
you will sleep with me tonight. Uta and Mia will sleep together in the other
room. I haven’t quite decided what to do with you yet, but what I have decided
is that you will be punished again. You were insubordinate earlier and so now
you will pay for it. Come with me.”

I
tottered behind her as she entered the rubber room. She lifted my skirt and
pulled down my rubber panties and I gingerly stepped out of them then,
blissfully, but painfully at first, twisted and pulled the double dildo out of
my rear. I let out a gasp of air and moaned into my gag, part in pain and part
in relief. I knew she was not doing this for my benefit for she had something
else in store for me, but the relief, however temporary, was very welcome.

Uta and
Mia now returned, giggling like a couple of schoolgirls at a pyjama party –
and dressed for it too, in identical baby doll outfits, barely covering their
backsides, but with frilly panties underneath. I was not fooled by this parody
of innocence however. Part of me found them extremely sexy but the other feared
what “education” they may have up their sleeve for me.

“What
about the horse?” Said Mia cheerfully. Sigi nodded and led me to the vaulting
horse. It resembled the standard gym vaulting horse on four spread legs but with
an extended face piece at one end. Straps were located along the torso and legs.
Sigi and Uta released my belt and cuffs while Mia carefully prised open my lips
and unscrewed the internal gag. She withdrew it, sopping with my saliva and
chortled at my relief as I passed my tongue over my teeth. But I had no time to
relax as they pushed me face down on top of the horse.

My legs
were stretched wide and strapped tightly, followed by my arms and then straps
passed round my waist and chest. Now facing me was the rubber facemask. It was
in fact a full head mask with a rear zip but the front face portion lay open
with the rear folded out. It was connected to a padded neck section that
extended out from the horse, as a horse’s head would. The mask did not concern
me too much; Lord knows I had worn a few over the last few days. What did
concern me was the huge cock gag inside!

It was
quite short – maybe two inches only, but extremely thick and with a small
trench at the base for my teeth to fit into. It must have been two inches in
diameter – and I didn’t know if my mouth could even open that far. I was to
find out. There were nostril holes and two eye holes.

“You
know what that is for, take it!” Sigi commanded. I hesitated and stuttered.

“You
must be kidding, I can’t take…it’s huge.” I tried to protest, but Sigi
placed a firm hand on my head and pressed down. I had no option but to open up
and I felt the very lifelike head of the cock at my lips. I opened further as it
stretched my mouth to the limit. Sigi however would not stop and she continued
to press, as the cock passed my teeth and I slid down the shaft. My teeth found
the small indents as my face was now pressed into the cool rubber of the mask. I
tried to keep calm, breathe through my nose and not gag as they folded the mask
over my head and zipped it closed.

The
feeling was incredible, my whole mouth was stuffed with the huge cock and my
head was encased in the tightest, stifling rubber. I couldn’t move an inch. I
heard them laugh at my predicament and congratulate each other on their
efficiency. I then felt my skirt being raised. Of course I still had my painful
pouch on and the cheek spreader, so I was horribly vulnerable now. I knew what
was to come. I received twelve meticulously aimed strokes with the whip. On top
of all the beatings I had earlier, this all but reduced me to jelly. I whimpered
into the gag, my face within the mask bathed in sweat. Then one of them wiped my
rear with what smelt like disinfectant.

“Excellent,
now you will receive your nightly washout. From now, you will have one in the
morning and one at night.”

By now I
was so sore and exhausted I was at the point that I didn’t care what they did
next. My rear was on fire and all I could smell, taste and feel was rubber. They
greased my rear passage, which I could now feel was well loosened and then
coolly inserted the enema tube. I had no chance of clenching the muscles and
offered no resistance. Quickly the warm water gushed inside me.

At the
same time I felt a hand tenderly stroke my head, as a mother would do. Another
stroked the top of my thighs and my burning cheeks and I felt a finger gently
rub the outside of the pouch, not enough to press the needles into me but enough
to arouse my cock, and the needles painfully stabbed my tender cock.

I knew
exactly what all this was about. It was no good for a domina just to punish her
sub to a pulp. No, she had to force the sub to associate pain and humiliation
with pleasure. So that eventually the slave would gain pleasure from pain, and
therefore would seek and embrace pain in order to achieve pleasure. And her
expert ministrations on my thighs, backside and cock and ball pouch were
bringing my flaccid cock to a semi hard and also very painful state. I grunted
with pain into the huge gag, the rubber nodules were now on the brink of
breaking through the skin of my cock and balls and at the same time water
continued to pour into my rear passage. She was doing a very efficient job of
exciting me and punishing me at the same time! This continued for a short while,
I continued to grunt and groan and she continued to play with my imprisoned
genitals.

After a
couple of minutes the tube was withdrawn and a large butt plug screwed in, up to
a flat, wide base. They let me lie there for a while allowing the water to seep
through my bowels. As she continued to tickle my pouch they talked among
themselves, almost as if I wasn’t there, wholly unconcerned with my plight.

Then I
felt my bonds being released, the zip opened and with considerable grunting from
me, the gag was withdrawn. I thought they would not be able to prise me off it,
so big it was, but with some not so gentle persuasion it plopped out. My lips
were sore and I ran my tongue over them. They allowed me to stand. I was a bit
groggy. It is bad enough having an enema, but having it while dressed in a
brutally tight corset makes it all the more painful!

I felt
under my short skirt. My rear was burning and the base of the butt plug was
almost flat against my stretched buttocks. My stomach was aching and I pleaded
with them to let me go, but Sigi told me to wait another couple of minutes, she
wanted me thoroughly cleaned out. I walked gingerly around in my high heels and
was beginning to cramp, while they stood to the side, amused at my plight. I saw
myself in the various mirrors, teetering on my heels, pain etched on my face.
Finally Sigi allowed me to go, accompanied by Mia. I was ordered to be out of my
clothes except for corset, cheek spreader and pouch. There was to be no let-up
with these women.

In the
bathroom Mia helped me off with shoes, stockings, gloves and finally the dress.
I sat on the toilet and she ordered me to unscrew the butt plug, this was to be
a very careful exercise. It went without too much mishap and I was allowed to do
my ablutions in private.

Mia then
returned and released me from my corset, the under corset tube, cheek spreader
and pouch. The relief was unbelievable; there were marks and stripes all over my
torso and rear from the various straps and clothes I had worn for so long. There
were also scratches and pinpricks on my cock and balls but the skin had not been
broken. This was all done in silence, I knew better than to talk. Now completely
naked I was allowed to complete my ablutions and shower. I did this blissfully,
while washing I found my rear passage seemed to be so much larger now, or was I
imagining it? My cock and balls were still very sore.

After
stepping out of the shower, Mia and Uta were waiting with the anal spreader and
corset, now wiped down. I applied some talc and stepped back into the spreader
and Uta adjusted the straps along my cheeks to allow easy access to my bum hole;
then I stepped into the familiar cool cling of the corset. I needed no orders
and raised my arms as they laced it methodically up my back. Soon, like a piece
of steel armour I was held firm – and without the ability of removing the
spreader. I looked down and felt the small false boobs, again marvelling at the
look and feel of them.

Looking
in the mirror I had to admit that my torso was taking on a real hourglass shape.
Then however came the dreaded rubber pouch with the hard rubber bristles. Mia
roughly took my cock and balls and stuffed them in, then pulled the straps back
and almost lifted me off my feet attaching them to the back of the corset. The
sharp rubber bristles immediately began digging into my tender cock and balls
again but I knew better than to complain! We returned to the rubber room, where
Sigi was waiting by the bed. She appraised my body in detail, again running her
fingers over my pouch and then around my anal ring, definitely not so tight any
more.

“Mmm,
she’s coming along nicely. Uta, I think she will be able to take a number six
probe now.” Uta withdrew a vicious looking butt plug from one of the
cupboards. It was white with a narrower neck and flat base, and was certainly
bigger than the one attached to my earlier pony tail.

“Maxine,
you must get used to doing this by yourself.” She handed me the plug, well
greased.

“Oh
no, you must be jok….”

“Maxine!”
And I knew it was pointless. I squatted slightly - hard to do with the anal
spreader, pouch and corset – and placed the head of it at my sphincter, which
was not difficult to find, so exposed it was. I pressed the base and felt the
head at my entrance. Pushing gently, and under the stern visages of the three
women, I felt the head enter me more easily than I would have believed. In fact
my passage seemed to accommodate it relatively easily. Shortly it was in, my
loosened sphincter gripping the narrower neck and the flat base was against my
cheeks.

“Now
we must dress you for the night, you will sleep with me, but not perhaps in the
way you may envisage. Come here.” Laid out on the large bed covered with the
latex sheet was a transparent catsuit. Sigi held it up, it was gossamer thin, I
could make her out standing behind it. It looked like a large condom, so thin it
was.

“We
don’t want you getting all wrinkly on us (what did she mean by that?) so you
will wear this. If you so much as split it, or rip it, God help you, now Mia
will powder you and we will see if we can squeeze you into it.” It looked as
if it had been made for a child, or at least a teen, and I couldn’t see how I
could get into it – but then I remembered – condoms do stretch!

As I
stepped into the leggings and they pulled them up over my thighs, I couldn’t
help but be amazed at the stretch in the latex. They squeezed out all the air
pockets and I pushed my hands into the sleeves with attached gloves. They
handled the wafer thin latex with great care and expertise and soon they had
drawn it over my false boobs and were zipping it up to a couple of inches below
the back of the high collar. Again they smoothed everything out and stepped back
to admire me. I had to admit I loved the caress of the thin latex, I had not up
until now worn anything so light, or flexible. There was no zip at the crotch or
arse, my pouch and anal probe would now stay there until the suit came off.

I rubbed
my hands over my boobs and the corset underneath the suit; despite being with
these very cruel women I was excited at its tight embrace. Sigi pulled back the
latex sheet from the bed.

“When
I said you would be sleeping with me, to be more precise I should have said,
under me! But rest assured, there will be no contact. Look here, I have a king
size waterbed and the water is warmed by these heaters at the side, and also
here by the floodlights in the base. Now you can see Mia unzipping the side to
expose the water. It is not full of water, why, because you will be the one to
fill it. You will go in here, we will zip you shut and I will sleep on top of
you, a real live waterbed!”

“This
long rubber tube extends from the side of the bed, with a watertight fit of
course to this full head gas mask that we have adapted especially for this
function. Once the mask is on your head, down to your neck and taped and painted
to make fully airtight, your only contact with the outside world will be through
the corrugated breathing tube. The water is about 18 inches deep and nice and
warm, but you will be there all night so as we didn’t want you coming out all
wrinkly, we have you in this thin suit, the back zip by the way is also a
waterproof zip. The top sheet of the bed you can see is transparent and you will
be able to look up at me sleeping, and I will of course be able to look down at
you, imprisoned. I sleep naked generally, sometimes in rubber, but you will see
and worship my fine body on top of you. You will not of course be able to
touch.”

She
smiled and then Mia pushed two wax earplugs into my ears, blocking out any
sound. She then pulled an open-faced rubber balaclava type hood over my head,
exposing only my face and tucking the collar under the collar of the suit, which
was till open.

Uta
brought over a pair of mittens. They were ball shaped and as I pushed my hands
in them I noticed a small valve that Sigi attached a pump to, and then began to
inflate. My hands were forced into fists by the pressure and the gloves now
resembled shiny thumb less boxing gloves.

“Just
so you don’t get up to any mischief with your hands, you naughty girl.” She
chided me. As if I could, I thought.

“Now
for the helmet, you will see that from the outside it looks like any gas mask
but it is full head with a short waterproof back zip and a number of rubber
straps, so no chance of water seeping in here. We’ve provided a little
variation with a cock gag here, not too big but a permanent reminder of
your….subservient position, something to suck and chew on overnight. You will
be able to breathe very easily, the gorgeous smell of rubber of course. Now open
up.”

I had
little option of course so I opened my mouth and accepted the rubber cock,
sucking it in as they pulled the mask over my rubber balaclava. They zipped it
up, it was a very tight fit as they then tightened the straps and tucked it
under the collar of the suit. I sucked on the cock; it wasn’t too big. The
inner face piece covered my nose and mouth snugly and the lenses did not mist
up. The air I breathed through my nose was plentiful.

“Now
we don’t want any water getting in at all so we are going to wrap this
waterproof tape round and round your neck sealing you in. Don’t worry, it will
not be too tight, and once we’ve done that we are going to paint a couple of
coats of liquid latex for a nice smooth seal.”

And they
proceeded to do just that, wrapping sticky waterproof tape around the bottom of
the mask to my neck, and then zipping the suit closed and wrapping more tape
over it. Then finally they painted on a couple of coats of liquid latex, waiting
for the first coat to dry and applying another for a smooth seamless join.

So I was
ready for bed. One last time I peered into the mirror. I saw what appeared to be
a well developed woman in a skin tight rubber catsuit over black corset and with
inflated balls for gloves and a full head gas mask covering her head. It was, to
say the least, a strange sight. Mia took my shoulders and said, pointing to the
centre of the exposed waterbed.

“Now
Maxine, we want you to very carefully sit down here.” I could barely hear her
with the earplugs and two layers of rubber over I but did so and then Sigi
connected the end of the corrugated tube hanging over the side of the bed to the
connector at the front of my mask. She twisted it closed and now I noticed she
was right, the air I breathed in had the now familiar sweet, pungency of rubber.
I sat back in the warm water, the thin latex protecting me.

Mia
pressed my head back and my head went under the water. For a moment there was a
flash of panic but I was dry inside the mask and the warm water was really quite
comfortable against my gossamer thin suit. I breathed in…..okay, fine don’t
panic. She held me under for a minute or so, then withdrew her hand and I rose,
lifting my head up.

“Any
leaks?” Sigi asked. There seemed to be none and I shook my head and grunted a
no.

“Well,
then good night Maxine. I hope you will enjoy the view, a truly submissive
view.” She pushed my head under again and I saw Mia zipping up the side of the
bag. They pressed the sheet down to expel any last air bubbles as Mia finally
zipped it closed.

I was
now entombed, in this watery prison. Quickly my mind began to wander; if they
left me here I would never get out, never. I would die here. Okay, don’t panic
you fool, they will want you for some more of their fun tomorrow, and the next
day.

The
floodlights suddenly came on underneath me, and I looked up and saw them
watching me, big grins on their faces. My natural flotation meant I was floating
beneath the rubber skin and Uta placed her hand on me and pushed hard, and I
sunk back a few inches and then floated back to gently press against the rubber
surface. The water was quite warm and not uncomfortable. After so many times I
had been buggered in the last few days, I hardly noticed the butt plug in my
rear. I was really taking to them quite easily now, and the rubber pouch was not
too bad either.

While I
was with them, and in complete subjugation, they knew that I would adjust to
this, which of course was what they wanted. They had now left me, floating
silently in my watery prison. The lights were bright, but underneath me, so I
closed my eyes and tried to relax. Maybe I dozed off, but a disturbance in the
water woke me. I stared up and saw Sigi lying on top of me. She was completely
naked. Her firm body was lying over me, face down. She laughed, but all I could
hear was my own breathing and the slight lapping of the water. She pressed
against me through the rubber, we were touching….and yet we weren’t. She
laughed and blew me a kiss; then pulled on a rubber blindfold, and laying back
and pulling a rubber sheet over her she seemed to lose interest in me and went
to sleep.

I
rolled on my side and then my front, but the lights were too bright so I
returned to my back and looked up at Sigi. She had now rolled on her side and
her mouth was slightly open. She had her hand between her legs. What was she
dreaming, I wondered. Of her complete power over the man/woman below her,
perhaps. She seemed fearless; my presence was not even acknowledged, I was no
threat to her at all.

I
clamped down on the cock in my mouth, I had little discomfort, I was used now to
the tight helmet, sweating a little but not in the face piece. I placed my
rubber mitten adjacent to her firm breast, but there was no reaction. I closed
my eyes and tried to sleep; the only sound my breathing; the only smell, rubber
and the only tactile sensation, water and rubber. Had I returned to the womb?
Connected by my umbilical cord, in my own warm water, I was like a child,
protected and safe from the outside world. I looked up at Sigi, my whole
existence would be dependant upon her. I sucked again on the cock, it seemed to
calm me, like a child at the breast. The parallels were just too obvious, like a
child I would be dependant on her for everything – and I would do as she
wished, as she commanded.

Some
time in the night the water was disturbed and I woke. I peered upwards through
the two lenses in my mask and was treated to an alarming sight. I bit down hard
on the cock in my excitement. Through the transparent rubber sheet above me, I
saw that Uta and Mia had joined Sigi on the bed and were now engaged in
energetic lovemaking. They were all naked and yet all blindfolded. Uta and Sigi
had acquired from somewhere large strap on dildos. They were both larger than
Mia, and it was apparent she was to be the “sub” for the night as she was
now sandwiched between them. Impervious to my presence they kissed and fondled,
Uta facing Mia, and Sigi behind her. Uta now drew up Mia’s knees by grabbing
the back of her thighs as Sigi, exercising her ultimate authority, entered
Mia’s rear. It seemed that Mia did gain pleasure from this, although she did
make a face. Then while Sigi fondled her breasts from behind, Uta kissed her and
entered her from the front.

Sandwiched, impaled by them, Mia could barely
move as the two larger women licked, caressed and kissed her. Mia seemed to want
to put up a fight, maybe she liked to feel overpowered, but it was hard to tell
if this was for real or part of their scene. As the water around me was
disturbed, I found myself being slowly rocked to sleep while the two larger
women, when finally sated, withdrew and they fondled themselves to sleep above
me.

14.08.06

 [continued in **part three**](finishing_school13.html)

**\* \* \***
