---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Maya And Rose
authors:
- Mig
tags:
- FF-m
- FF
- latex
- catsuit
- chloroform
- conditioning
- enema
- bond
- mast
- oral
- climax
- cons-nc
- X
date: 2011-02-20 00:00:00
---

Maya And Rose: London story

**Prologue**

Maya and Rose are top fashion models. Rose is blond with long straight hair, while Maya likes to keep her black hair short. When the hectic schedule allows, their access to leading fashions, makeup, and travel enables them to play out their favorite game. The name of the game is enslaving their unsuspecting neighbors.

**London**

It was Friday the end of London fashion week. Maya and Rose were slowly getting ready for their trip to Milan on Monday. This gave them a full weekend to devote their predatory attentions to Mark. Maya spotted this athletic looking financial advisor, the other day in the elevator, and realized he lives in an apartment just below theirs, accessible from a spacious terrace overlooking Canary Wharf. As the evening creped by, Maya was preparing a large bottle of Chloroform, she obtained after seducing a elderly chemist. She attached a tip of a long rubber hose to the opening of the small canister, and stretched it out through the open window of their apartment. As she predicted, the other side of the hose rested gently at the air intake of Marks’ air condition unit.

“It will take about 45 minutes”, calmly observed Rose looking at her watch, “and than the chloroform fumes in his apartment will knock him out”.

“Just enough time for you to get ready”, added Maya. Rose shed her daily clothes, standing naked in front of her friend, who began sensually applying talcum powder all over her slender body. Next Maya brought out a black latex catsuit. Rose inserted her feet into the hose part of the suit while Maya slowly stretched up the leggings over her long legs. Finally she zipped up the catsut on her back , gently stroking her shoulders, barely resisting the temptation to kiss this blond beauty decked in a black skintight suit. There was a lot to be done, not time for succumbing to little horny desires.

Rose slid her rubber stockinged feet into a pair of Alfa boots and pulled the laces tightly. She took a glance at wrist length rubber gloves resting on the table. They will have to come later. For now she eased her fingers into tight black leather gloves. She was sitting impatiently in a chair flexing her delicate hands in skin gripping leather gloves, while Maya was combing her lush hair into a small bun on the back of her head. Then Maya placed a hood with a face opening on Rose's head. As the hood was in place, Rose took a black gas mask and pressed it hard to her face. Maya was already there to help her tie the straps on the back.

Rose inhaled deeply sensing the front of the mask making a perfect seal over her face and engulfing her nostrils with the promising aroma of rubber.

“Almost a shame, that we have to keep the suit matt for now, we cannot afford it to be slippery as you descend to his terrace”, observed Maya. Having said that she helped Rose climb onto the window and grip the thick rope that descended down to Mark's terrace.

As Rose noiselessly landed on Mark's terrace, Maya had some preparing of her own to do.

First she drew back the rope and retracted the hose from the Chloroform bottle. Than, she effortlessly slid into a black latex catsuit. Over it the suit she put on a regular cotton sweatshirt and pants. The large duffel bag she hung over her shoulders, contained all the necessary equipment she and Rose would need for their deliciously wicked game with Mark. Leaving the apartment she even bothered to take along an empty coffee mug. Anyone who encountered her in the hallway of the apartment building would have assumed that, she was about to borrow some sugar from a neighbor, for that “after jogging coffee”.

As the padded feet of Rose's Alpha boots silently touched down on the marble floor of Mark's terrace, she immediately let go of the rope and peered into the apartment through a glass door. The television was on and Mark was slumped on a couch intoxicated with Chloroform fumes. Rose unzipped a small pocket on the side of her boot and took a out a lock pick. The lock on the door surrendered within seconds. She was in. She tiptoed towards Mark, and checked his breathing. “He is out alright”, she thought to herself holding his chin in the grip of her leather gloved fingers. She took the remote control and turned off the television set. The only sounds in the room were Marks sleepy breathing, humming of the air condition unit, and her own steady, horny, labored breathing through the filters of the gas mask. She opened the terrace door completely, to let out the chloroform. Five minutes passed but she was not ready yet to remove the mask.

Maya approached Marks’ door. She was ready to knock, but she changed her mind, deciding to make sure she left no trace. So she took a short black latex glove and snapped it over her right hand. Than she tapped marks door three times. Rose opened the door and Maya rushed in.

Almost instantly, the two girls were in each others arms. Maya was kissing Rose on the mask, saying: “I love you when you are masked, for I know you are about to do some lovely evil things, and get away with it”. Rose silently watched Maya through the lenses of her mask, as she was removing the sweatshirt from her black latex clad body. Maya, now wearing both gloves and a hood with eyes, nose and mouth openings kept lovingly caressing the body of a masked she-warrior before her.

“What about him?”, asked Rose, removing the mask, and nodding towards Mark, still unconscious on the couch. It was time to work. Maya helped Rose replace her gas mask and open face hood with a same sinister hood she was wearing herself. Now that they were both masked it was impossible to tell who was who. Yet Rose decided that she would keep the Alpha boots on, while Maya opted for shiny ankle high spike heeled boots.

The two latex clad figures proceeded with removing Mark's clothes, and placing his naked body on the chair. They used duct tape to secure his arms and legs to the chair. As they did that each of them stole a little sensual caress over his body, noticing with pleasure that even he was out a sort of smile on his lips and a little rise in the pecker area. “Lets wake him up, but not completely, just to a sort of state when he will feel like it was a dream”, suggested Rose.

Maya brought a vial of smelly salt under Marks nose and quickly removed it as his eyes slowly began to open.

The first thing Mark noticed, is that he was in his room, unable to move, and that something sticky and tape-like was glued over his lips. Yet somehow, he felt very sleepy.

In front of him in a dim lit room he could make out two black hooded figures, in the unmistakable perfect shape of female bodies. The were caressing each other gently, taking long time for their latex gloved hands to cover the distance of ones arm or a leg. During this caressing, the black bodies seem to acquire more and more shine. He was unaware of the fact that girls used caressing to apply silicone on their catsuits using, small dark colored silicon soaked cloths.

This silent dance of two perfect shiny masked bodies continued in front of him for what seemed as an eternity. Rose opened her eyes from a sensual bliss of Mayas hand gently applying pressure deep in her inner thigh, and noticed that their prisoner has developed quite a rise of his own. He was awake enough to take the matters to a new level.

Rose drew her jet black hooded face close to Marks. “This is what is going to happen”, she began to whisper, “We are beautiful, but be advised, we can hurt you very badly: However we have chosen to include you in our pursuit of pleasure which will last for the next 48 hours. Thanks to us, you will experience unbelievable pleasure, your only obligation is to surrender part of your freedom to us forever. In a way, that is your debt to us for the pleasurable services rendered, as well as a precaution that you cannot track us down and endanger us in the future, in any way possible. We will train you in such a way that we take complete control of the sexual functions of your mind and body”.

Having said that Rose quickly peeled off the duct tape from Mark's mouth, and quickly replaced it with her gloved hand over his lips, while the latex covered thumb and index finger holding his nose firmly.

While Mark was struggling for air she continued,” First we must establish some sort of mutual trust, so when I remove my hand you will not scream, are we clear ?” Mark nodded in panic. Rose slowly lowered her perfectly encased black fingers to his neck. From the pocket of her Alpha boot she produced the sharp lock pick and pressed it hard to his jugular.”Just a little extra protection darling”, she added as she leaned her latex clad body over him and gently placed the front tip of her Alpha boot over his balls. Maya moved in holding his mobile phone. “We want you to record a new outgoing message, saying that you will be busy for the weekend and cannot take or answer any calls”. Saying this and pressing the phone next to his lips, she could not resist the temptation to insure her lady boss status by only just scraping his foot with the tip the spiked heel of her boot.

Mark recorded the message wondering what is going to happen to him next. Uttering the words, he kept checking the obviously beautiful, but masked female face in front of him. He noticed how Rose's lips, get tighter, and her blue eyes, look at him coolly. Despite the predicament he was in. Mark wished he could kiss those lips.

“We are going to train you now”, said Maya as she placed the earphones on his head. The Mp3 player was endlessly repeating the nonsense word “ma-than”, pre-recorded in Rose's sensual whisper. The girls also placed a night mask over his eyes, slowly depriving him of all but the senses they needed for his enslavement.

The hypnotic repetition of the word “ma-than”, was now followed by one new sensation. Rose grinned mischievously at Maya, as she applied some gel over her latex gloves and began to mercilessly massage Mark's shaft. Maya joined in on the action by squeezing his balls with her gloved hand and pinching his nipples with the other. While still pumping his shaft, Rose grazed Mark's lips with hers slowly penetrating in with her tongue.

Seeing this Maya extended her own tongue wickedly from the opening in the mask , and devoted her attention to his belly button. Mark began to whimper in excitement, he never ever suspected that surrender to a woman or women could be this pleasurable.

“I think he is beginning to enjoy his situation a little too much”, observed Rose. Maya slowly removed the headphones, from Mark's ears and whispered: “You are getting the wrong idea that all this is because of you”. Having said this she painfully squeezed his balls with her latex fingers sinking into Mark's flesh. He was about to scream when Rose expertly, slid two of her extended shiny black fingers down his throat, making him gag.

Mark was shocked how this much pleasure, turned so quickly into pain and a desire to throw, up. Sensing his feelings Rose said: ”This is just a small reminder of who is in control, we can bring you pleasure, but cross us, and you will experience pain worse than this”.

Mark nodded as best as he could, to make them sure he understood. Immediately hands drew back and when they returned, a slow but sensual caressing, soothed his body. Mark was amazed that after so much pain, the caressing seemed even more beautiful. “That's right”, said Rose, as if reading his mind again, “one cannot experience bliss in full potential, unless he embraces pain”. The waves of pleasure from rubberized hands continued to sweep all over Mark. Suddenly he felt a damp cloth over his mouth and nose and the now too familiar scent of Chloroform. Rose quickly removed the night mask. As were slowly closing, Mark's field of vision was dominate by one image . The beautiful blue beaming eyes and full lips from a masked face of Rose he slowly began to love.

As Mark was blissfully out, Rose turned her full attention on Maya. Her tongue darted out of the mouth opening on her mask, quickly finding a bay within Maya’s full lips. “Isn’t it great to have a prisoner of our own”, she asked the matter of fact. Maya didn’t respond but drew her black latex clad body in closer. A little sensual play before they, leave this latex second skin for other exciting garments.

Mark had no idea how much time has passed. When he was woken up by the unmistakable scent of salts, the scenery was all too different. His captors had shed their latex catsuits, and put on nurses uniforms made of white rubber. Their faces were concealed, by elastic white facial masks, which slightly expanded as they exhaled, but drew close to their high check bones as they inhaled. On their legs were see through latex stocking that ended in white stiletto shoes. Their hair was combed back into serious looking buns. However Rose was wearing a blond wig, so Mark was yet again unable to tell them apart. To round of the ensemble the girls hands were covered by short black gloves made of surgical grade latex. Some rough medical business was about to unfold.

Mark noticed that this time he was laid on his side with his hands tied closely by industry strength latex straps. As his senses began to return, he felt something invading his anus. He noticed a black hose extending from it and ending in a rubber bag hung above him.

“Now”, said Rose, “Welcome to the second part of our pleasure and pain training”.

The girls moved towards him in unison again. Just the sight of these two slender, long legged, virtually identical rubber creatures, despite his predicament, sent Mark’s cock into swollen orbit. That did not go unnoticed by Maya. Looking at him with her face hidden behind latex surgical mask, she thought to herself: “How easy I can manipulate people by enhancing myself with this, almost menacing outfit”.

The girls approached Mark, whose eyes darted left –right in order to visually absorb this beautifully dangerous sight. Extending her long fingers encased in black latex glove Maya began teasing his balls and stroking gently the length of his shaft. In the meantime Rose once again placed the eye mask over his face and the headphones in his ears. As Mark sank into darkness again a beckoning female voice began it’s chant: Ma-than, ma-than, ma-than …

Rose wasted no time coating her black latex clad index and middle finger in gel she began massaging the outer circle of his bum hole. Two simultaneous distinct sensations washed over him. One of rising tide of ever hardening excitement, the other of deep relaxation somewhere behind. Little did he know that the second one was just means to enable the muscles in his ass to relax and drew in more of the vinyl hose, so vital for what’s to come.

Sensing that he is emotional inches away from climaxing, Maya quickly looked at Rose who immediately stopped teasing his bum, and removed the eye mask and headphones from Mark’s head.

Blinking from sudden onslaught of light and sounds Mark was once again confronted by statuesque beauties in latex nurse’s uniforms.

“I bet you want us to continue”, said Maya sarcastically, “but in exchange you will have to endure, shall we say, an equal amount of discomfort”.

“So the question is”, added Rose, “do you really want us to continue?” Unable to speak because of a rubber ball gag in his mouth Mark nodded in what seemed to be almost in panic.

“For this you will get a kiss from me”, concluded Maya. She covered Marks eyes with the palm of her black gloved hand, and removed the mask from her face. Her tongue began caressing Mark’s lips that formed a perfect circle around the ball gag. After so much deprivation when her lips finally aligned with his, Mark felt as if this was the best kiss ever.

Maya withdrew her head, replaced the surgical mask and lift her palm from Mark’s eyes. From now on it’s just going to be sights, sensations but no sounds for Mark.

Knowing the routine Rose turned the switch on the bag attached to the hose and warm soapy liquid began filling Marks’ intestines.

It felt like a little irritatingly sharp pain was barely but slowly getting bigger. Mark really could not tell for sure, because, most of his sensory capacity was overloaded by his body’s response to rubber glove caresses.

The girls wasted no time. Each of them had her turn in exciting the stuff between his legs, while the other was stroking and pinching his nipples.

Rose moved back and began watching Maya’s work on Mark. A sight to behold: beautiful, barely evil, latex clad nurse working on her helpless patient. Her bottom stretching the white fabric to the point of breaking as she leaned towards Mark.

Maya suddenly felt the soft touch of a latex glove, stroking her bare thighs, just between where her latex stockings ended and her bare pussy was covered with the skirt of her nurse’s uniform. She decided to let Roses’ fingers do their sweet exploring.

Slowly she moved away from Mark and turned her attention to Rose. As Marks’ bowels were ever painfully filling up with warm liquid, he just could not get his eyes off of the two beautiful nurses, completely entranced in their latex heightened sensuality. The two girls aggressively squeezed each others tits. Fingers of black shiny gloves sinking into white rubber bras. Not wanting to reveal their faces the girls, could not kiss, so rubbing their surgical masks against each other had to suffice. On a strange way it looked even more sexually engaging.

Suddenly Mark nearly doubled up in pain. He looked at the bag above him. It was completely empty, while he experienced waves of painful cramps.

Noticing this, Rose walked over to him. She produced a butt-plug, and expertly place it where the vinyl hose used to be. The two girls helped him get up and undid his latex ropes. Feeling painful cramps every 10 seconds, he was not a threat to them. Rose walked him to the toilet, where she gently lowered him on the seat and swiftly removed his butt plug. Mark felt like all his insides gushed out. He was so spent. As he stood up, Rose discharged her soiled black gloves, and donned white ones. “Now you’re clean and worthy to receive our love”, she said.

Back in the main room, Maya also exchanged her black surgical gloves with the white ones. Now they were both completely medical white. Had it not been for the events that transpired, the whiteness of their outfits could be mistaken as a sign of innocence.

Emerging from the toilet, Mark still shaky on his feet fell right into Maya’s arms. She embraced him and removed his mouth gag. “I’m sure that you would like to kiss the hand in glove that, overpowered you”, she began, “on your knees”, she demanded immediately. Mark sank to his knees just to find his sides in a clinch of Roses’ latex clad legs. At the same time Maya offered her palm and began softly stroking his face. He answered by planting gentle kisses on her fingers and palm covered in tight white latex. Rose knelt behind him and traced lines across his back with the tip of her latex fingers.

Mark, naturally went on to use a little tongue while kissing her index finger. Maya slowly inserted her index finger between his teeth and began slowly to push it in and out. This only increased the intensity of Mark sucking it. At one point Mark's vision began to blur and he felt like his eyes were losing focus. Maya knelt next to him and drew her face close to his ear. She removed the surgical mask and whispered softly: “Little did you know lover, that these gloves had been soaked for hours in a solution of very powerful sleeping pills. Now you are going to dream land again”. She held his sleepy head strongly in her hands so he could not turn and see her face, while playfully inserting her tongue in his ear while he was falling asleep.

Hours later, at what actually was late Sunday evening, Mark was woken up by sensation of cold gel being rubbed all over his body. He was still too tired to move, or protest as his body was squeezed in a black latex catsuit with attached gloves and hood, that covered the face but had openings for eyes and mouth, plus two small holes aligned with the ones on his nose.

As the capacity of to think straight, was slowly returning to him, he realized the two female figures were dressed exactly like him. One of them moved over to him and press her chest against his. It was Maya who stroked the back of his neck and began to kiss him passionately as she moved her hands between his inner thighs. Rose moved in from the behind and began to rub her crotch area against his bum. Her hands were caressing his flat stomach. The tightness of his suit coupled with the gel that was warming up to his skin, actually distributed the power of each sensual touch all over his body. The catsuit was like wearing sex itself.

At the same time the earphones in his hood began pulsating the “mat-than” chant.

Maya placed her gloved hands on his shoulders and pushed him down to a huge armchair. Both girls pulled out surgical scalpels from the insides of their boots. Maya pressed hers against his neck while Rose, a true master of hand eye coordination, cut out the piece of his suit that covered his dick and ass.

The put the scalpels back in their boots and prompted Mark up. Each of them undid the crotch zippers on her suit. Yet again Mark was standing sandwiched between these two perfect bodies.

As if his member was not erect enough, Rose inserted first one and than two finger in his ass and began massaging his prostate. Maya on the other had took his erect member in her mouth and really did wonders to it with her tongue.

As the “ma-than” chant was his constant audio companion, Mark was lowered in the chair again while Maya forcefully rode his shaft. Rose kept herself busy by stoking and playing with both of her partners.

As the light were dimmed and his captor-companions dressed in glistening black, Mark really was not sure to which of them he was making love at any given time. But the constant beside the chant was the fact that this was by far the most exiting and demanding lovemaking session he was ever a part of. First one of the black latex clad figurines screamed in climax, and that the other began the wild ride on his shaft soon to do the same.

As Mark was keeping his erection up by giving it a wank with his latex gloves, he hardly noticed the girls have donned gas masks again. The “ma-than” chant that was now almost playing in his brain prevented him to hear the Chloroform gas hissing from a open canister.

The girls surged upon him in a frenzy of stroking his member with latex gloves, exploring his mouth with their fingers, and generally caressing him all over. Soon enough he came violently, with a force he never felt before. As this feeling began to slowly ebb, he once more felt sleepy. He could offer no resistance as two gas masked figures leaned over him and peel his eyes on him keeping a close watch on him going under. One of them grabbed the blade from her boot and cut off the glove part of his suit. The last thing he felt before he sank into sleep was her rubber gloved hand holding his bare one, keeping an index finger on his pulse monitoring the rate of its beats. The “ma-than” chant slowly became inaudible.

**… the ma-than test**

On Monday Mark awoke in his bed with a start. I was already 7:30 and if he gonna make it to his office in the city by nine he had to really hurry. As he was having a shower he remembered what seem as a very real erotic dream. He could not shake off the feeling of lost time. Oddly enough the memory on his answering machine was empty including the outgoing message.

He dressed into his usual three piece suit and headed to the elevator, all the way to the second level of the basement garage, where his car was.

As he ran into the arriving elevator he met the gaze of two lovely girls inside. On of them had long blond hair while the other has short black almost boyish cut. They had big suitcases, and he overheard the word Milan. Judging from their appearance, they could be fashion models.

As the elevator was nearing the ground floor, the blond one whispered softly: “Ma-than”.

Mark was totally surprised with what came next. It was as this word had triggered something inside him, his member immediately rose all by itself in his shorts, and shot a huge load of spunk inside his crisp new trousers.

The girls giggled and exited the elevator on the ground floor.
