---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Doctor Forever
authors:
- Anonymous
tags:
- F-fm
- F-m
- shrink
- swallow
- digest
- absorbed
- sci-fi
- cons-nc
- X
date: 2005-10-19 00:00:00
---

Conversation died down as Dr Rialdi began his speech. He slid out the
folded piece of paper from his jacket pocket and placed it on the podium.
He rested his reading glasses on his nose and unfolded the piece of paper
which he had written his speech on.

"Ladies and gentleman you are here today to witness the greatest invention
of our century. It will revolutionise our lives as Automobiles and Televisions
have in the past."

Dr Rialdi resembled the late Albert Einstein with his white, bizarre
hair style and brittle looking moustache. He revealed a slight smile as
the audience became dead quiet awaiting the announcement of the break through
invention.

"I bring you... The Shrinker!" he announced.

The white cloth was lifted off the mysterious object behind him to reveal
a ray gun type object. It was like a giant, metallic pencil which was held
in position by some small support beams. The room filled with hundreds
of journalists, photographers and camera men stared at the machine which
looked like something out of a bad science fiction movie.

"This machine can take any object or living being and shrink it to any
size you desire. Imagine the possibilities ladies and gentlemen, we can
create anything as small as we want! Machinery parts can now be shrunk
to save space, we can create microscopic tools, we could shrink ourselves
and go places where we have never gone before... Allow me to demonstrate."

Dr Rialdi stepped down and introduced Miss Cadims a middle aged woman,
with shoulder length black hair which was slowly decaying to a grey color.
She was slightly plump and had a few wrinkles but was still a fine looking
woman.

"Miss Cadims suffers from a stomach infection which until now could
not be treated. Today thanks to my invention, she can be cured of her pain.
Besides me are two doctors who have volunteered to shrink, enter Miss Cadims'
body, go into her stomach and treat the infection. You'll notice that Miss
Cadims is wearing a special suit which I call the 'lucent suit'. With this
suit on you can actually see what the two doctors are doing inside Miss
Cadims because the region the doctors are in will become transparent and
you will be able to see into Miss Cadims' body."

Standing besides Dr Rialdi was Miss Cadims who wore a "lucent suit",
a white tight fitting, ankle to neck to wrist body suit. Next to her were
the two doctors wearing helmets, air tanks and wet suit. They looked like
they were about to go deep sea diving, but the special gear was worn so
that they could survive their journey. One of the doctors was a man with
an average build and average height while the other was clearly a woman
because of the hour glass figure and the presence of breasts. No one could
make out who they were because of the helmets they were wearing.

The two doctors stood side by side as Dr Rialdi pointed the Shrinker
at them. When he pushed the button a faint blue ray was shot at the doctors
which shrunk them down to about half an inch. Dr Rialdi walked over to
where the tiny doctors were, lowered his hands and the doctors stepped
onto what must seem to them a size of a football field. He then handed
the shrunken doctors to Miss Cadims who dropped them into her mouth and
swallowed them as if they were tablets prescribed to her. The lucent suit
Miss Cadims was wearing allowed the media crowd to see the doctors travelling
down Miss Cadims' oesophagus, being pushed down further and further down
by her peristalic muscle movement. Eventually the shrunken doctors ended
up in her squishy stomach where they began treating the infection.

Several minutes later, "I'm.... I'm.... cured!" shouted Miss Cadims,
"It doesn't ache any more".

"You see?" Dr Rialdi rhetorically questioned the audience.

Miss Cadims with the two doctors still in her stomach walked off back
stage. Getting the two doctors out of her stomach would be something done
behind the public eye. A wave of applause filled the room as the audience
finally believed what they had just witnessed. Cameras started flashing
and questions were being asked so quickly that Dr Rialdi couldn't answer
them all in his entire life time. Finally the journalists were moved out
of the display room and into the conference room where the questions were
asked in a more orderly manner. The conference room was so full that some
journalists were squeezed out of it.

As the last of the journalists exited the display room the security
guards locked it up. Back stage Miss Cadims was lying down on her back
so that the doctors could walk along her oesophagus which was now parallel
to the ground. Eventually the two doctors arrived at her mouth and the
assistants plucked the two shrunken doctors out of her mouth and pointed
the shrinker at them. When the button was pressed they were back to their
normal size. The assistants escorted Miss Cadims out through the back door
and so the two doctors were the only ones left in the display room with
the shrinker.

The two took off their helmets, and took in a deep breath of fresh air.
The male doctor, Dr Peter Smit, had short brown hair and blue eyes while
the female doctor, Dr Lisa Garner, had waist long blonde hair.

"That was some ride eh?" commented Dr Smit.

"Incredible!" added Dr Garner and the two just sat there for a while
looking into each other's eyes. Dr Garner then slowly walked over to the
shrinker, and Dr Smit followed her.

"So how does this thing work Peter?" asked Dr Garner.

"Well you control the shrinking power with this dial here and then you
point it at the object you want to shrink and push this button," he replied
wrapping his arms around Dr Garner.

The two had been going out for about a month now on a steady relationship.
Dr Smit was behind Dr Garner and was kissing her on the cheek, but she
wasn't paying much attention to him, she was curious about the Shrinker.
Suddenly, Dr Garner elbowed Dr Smit in the gut and he doubled over. She
quickly pointed the shrinker at him and pressed the button. The dim blue
ray hit him and he quickly started shrinking. The idea of shrinking him,
or any other man had crossed her mind when she was first introduced to
the project.

Dr Smit didn't know what had happened yet, he was still recovering from
the elbow. However it wasn't long until he saw his giantess girl friend
towering over him, staring with her deep, blue, beautiful eyes. She wrapped
her fingers around him and picked him up off the ground. She then placed
him on the palm of her hand so that she could admire her power that she
possessed over him. He was shouting something at her but he was too small
for her to make out what it was. She'd imagine that he would be scared
rather than angry but this was better she thought. She brought him up to
her ear which was several times taller than him so that she could hear
what he was saying.

"What the hell are you doing Lisa? Make me back to what I was!"

Dr Garner just giggled. She placed his little man on a nearby table
so that the only way he could escape would be to take a fatal leap off
it. Then she went into the next room and grabbed a lucent suit and immediately
came back to where the inch high Dr Smit was. She unzipped her wet suit
to reveal a pair of royal blue coloured bikinis right in front of him.
She removed the top half of the bikini which were holding her more than
ample breasts in place and then she slowly slid the lower half down her
perfectly formed long legs and kicked it off.

At this point, Dr Smit was no longer angry. He was just sitting on the
table rubbing his hard dick, admiring his giantess girl friend who was
now completely naked. Dr Garner then picked up the lucent suit off the
ground and put it on. The white lucent suit complimented her perfect body,
it appeared to be one size too small and so the impressions of her nipples
were emphasised.

She then began to rub her stomach and asked her miniature boy friend:
"Do you think I have a sexy tummy?". Dr Smit nodded, and he was telling
the truth.

"That's nice, how would you like to visit it?" she asked.

"What do you mean?" he asked back. She couldn't hear him but could understand
him by his body language.

She gently picked him up around his waist with her thumb and index finger
and with her other hand carefully removed the wet suit that he was still
wearing and also his bathers underneath which unveiled his erection. She
smiled when she found out he was enjoying this experience. He was then
resting the palm of her hand and was heated by the warmth of her palm in
contact with his naked body. With Dr Smit still in her palm she walked
over to a near by mirror.

"This invention IS revolutionary, it now brings to life my fantasy which
I once thought was impossible," she said in a soft tone to herself and
repositioned her boyfriend so that he was lying down on his back in her
palm. She then began licking his dick over and over. He enjoyed it so much
that his hard stick erupted. She could slightly taste his cream on the
tip of her massive tongue, "Mmmmm, that's nice," she whispered. "I want
more," and as she said this she sucked him into her mouth.

She kept her mouth open and looked into the mirror so that she could
see what her now very frightened boy friend was doing inside her mouth.
He was trying to get out but each time he did she would just flick him
back with her tongue. He then started running around her mouth trying to
dodge her tongue by hiding behind her teeth when it came around but she
easily scooped him out, he didn't stand a chance. She then became bored
with this game and could no longer resist.

"Take a deep breath now," she suggested and she positioned his feet
so that they were facing towards the back of her throat. She slowly swallowed
him, savouring the sensation of him sliding down her throat. She looked
in the mirror as the lucent suit allowed her to see Dr Smit sliding down
her oesophagus struggling to get out of the tube which would lead him to
the absolute centre of her body. As he went further and further down she
had multiple orgasms and almost fell down.

Eventually he was pulled down into her dark, wet stomach. Inside her,
he was banging his fists on her stomach walls attempting to get out. She
saw his pathetic attempts of escape in the mirror through the suit and
could even feel his struggles. Soon, inevitably her stomach walls crushed
him and her stomach acids absorbed him. She was more than fulfilled with
her super sexual experience.

She was about to walk away from the mirror but then she noticed that
she could see Dr Peter Smit who was now a pulp, being distributed to the
various parts of her body. Eventually the particles were dispersed incredibly
finely and Dr Smit was now a part of his girl friend...

Forever.
