---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Final Straw
authors:
- Rupes
tags:
- F-m
- femdom
- bond
- strip
- hood
- bfold
- chain
- ladder
- hook
- breathplay
- susp
- oral
- climax
- cons-nc
- XX
date: 2015-07-05 00:00:00
---

It had been a god awful week. Stuck in a relationship with a girl who he was beginning to hate, but simply did not have the funds to do anything about it, stuck. Once again he had made the mistake of taking beauty over kinkiness. She was stunning, but she was cold, unforgiving and hated anything that remotely resembled anything to do with fetish. They had argued over this time and time again, and he had just resigned himself to trying to do the right thing and not upset her through fear of her turning him out on the street.

However this morning as he got ready for work, in a job that he hated and paid almost nothing, they had got into a huge row. Now as he approached the front door he was nervous, he had been thinking about it all day, knowing that the second he got in she would launch at him and they would spend the night arguing again.

Taking his key out of the pocket of his sodden rain soaked jacket he noticed his hands were trembling, partly through the sheer cold, but mostly through the fear of what awaited him. He slowly put the key into the lock, savouring the last few seconds of tranquil quiet. He slowly turned the key and timidly stepped inside.

Everything looked normal, everything was tidy and the house was quiet. He ventured into the kitchen, again everything was quiet and in it’s place. There was no sign of his girlfriend. He ventured into the living room. He had got about four steps in when he heard a voice behind him coming from the stairs.

“There you are, it’s about time.” His heart sank, he knew from the tone in her voice she was in a bad mood. The voice continued in it’s stern tone “Sit…. Look I really don’t want to argue with you, so I want you just to simply sit there, and close your eyes.” Now he was really uneasy, this was worrying, oftentimes when she appears reasonable, there is a deep dark time to follow. He knew better than to cross her, so he gingerly sat on the sofa and closed his eyes.

“Keep them closed, and don’t you dare open them, if you do we are done…. Permanently”

He felt her sit down next to him on the sofa. He sat rigid, not daring to do anything. She removed his jacket, and set about loosening his tie, and removing his shirt. What came next really was unexpected. He felt a sharp point in his back, cold, hard, but clearly very sharp. “I am sure you can feel this, it is the sharpest knife from the kitchen, you move, speak, or try to do anything I have not explicitly told you to do and this will be your fate.” She said quietly. “I’ve already put things in place to make this look entirely like self defence, are we clear?” she demanded.

“Yes” he said, hearing how weak his voice had become, he was thinking, she has lost it, but not having any idea what the hell to do.

As if nothing was out of the ordinary she smoothed his hair and then he felt something being pulled over his head. He dare not make a sound or try to stop her. It smelt like leather, but he knew that could simply not be the case. But it continued, a leather hood. He felt her tugging that the lacing, then hearing a zipped, then straps, then clicks as padlocks were put in place. “Still keep your eyes closed please” she reminded him.

He then felt some more additions being pulled tightly around the hood. “You can open your eyes now” she said with a little laugh, he did, but was greeted with nothing other than blackness. He had a thousand questions but dared not voice any of them.

He felt he guiding him to get up. He did and then she guided him to what he thought must be the centre of the room. “Step” “Step” “Step” she said as she guided him up some sort of small ladder, he could now feel a platform under his feet. She now pulled his hands behind his back and he felt handcuffs being applied, just a little bit too tightly. He then felt her fumbling with the double lock until he finally heard the little click as they engaged on both sides. She now moved to the front and undid his shoes, throwing them to one side, she did the same with his socks, and then unbuttoned his trousers and slid them down his legs, along with his underwear.

Noticing that he was quite turned on, she said with scorn in her voice “You really are a sick little pervert aren’t you, you have no idea how much trouble you are in”

He felt her fumbling with the hood, and a few seconds later his blindfold was removed. “I want you to watch the next part” she said almost mocking him.

She stepped down from the metal steps and walked around in front of him. She was wearing a black leather dress and the leather thigh boots he had bought her when they first met, the first kinky present he had attempted and the point at which everything had started to go wrong. She looked amazing, and he was now fully erect, his eyes following her as she walked across the room picking up a couple of small boxes and a length of very sturdy heavy steel chain. She came up the steps behind him she laid the chain over his shoulder, he could feel the cool steel, but he noticed the weight of it more than anything.

She then put her arms over his shoulder so that he could see that she had a small box in her hands, she proceeded to unbox a largish padlock and two very intricate looking keys. “These are the most secure padlocks I could buy today” she said.

She then took the chain reached up with the padlock and padlocked it to a solid steel ring that was fixed in the ceiling about his head. She then once again put her hands over his shoulders and showed him that she was opening up and identical padlock. She then wrapped the chain around his neck making sure there was no slack from the ceiling. It circled his neck and he then heard the other padlock click into position. She allowed the remaining chain to fall loudly down his back.

She walked back in front of him, wiggling her hips as she walked on purpose. “This is the bit I wanted you to see” she said. She held up the four keys in one hand and then produced a small set of bolt cutters she proceeded one key after the other to cut them up into as smaller parts as she could. “There, you are now officially fucked” she was almost laughing as she said it. He was really starting to panic, but was so far past the point at which he could have done something. He must have been shaking as she once again brought the knife in to view and pushed the tip into his chest, “Stop it” she said as a warning.

“I have been totally sick of your perverted ways, and you have driven me to distraction with your kinky stuff all around, well now it all stops and I can finally get my life back, without you. But I thought it only fair that in return for your death, I would give you a good send off.”

With that she gently took his cock into her mouth and started to blow him. He was reeling, he could feel the chain digging in to his neck, but it felt so good. He could feel his body starting to convulse in the beginnings of a huge orgasm. Using one swift movement of her booted foot she kicked out the steps from underneath him and he felt his full weight on his neck, he could not breath. He was kicking out wildly but she kept on with his cock in her mouth he orgasmed so hard, cum coming out like never before he convulsed through the lack of oxygen in his blood and the orgasm that just kept going. Things start to fade, and soon there is nothing but blackness.

Whooshing blood in his ears was all he could hear, then slowly, in a confused fog of a dream meeting reality he slowly began to come too. He was laying on the sofa, his head was resting on her lap, he could feel the leather of her dress, and the top of the boots around her thigh on the back of neck. Was it a dream, where was he, what was going on. He tried to speak but no words would come out, his throat felt sore like he had had flu, he thought perhaps he’d been taken ill.

“Shhhh, slowly” he heard her whisper.

After a few minutes, he had got his bearings, and asked her in a harsh, catching voice what the hell had happened. “you passed out”.

“We need to talk… Please don’t say anything… I want to speak to you….. about a week ago I was cleaning and was in a bad mood as I had found some of your kinky stuff. I went to put it away and I found your book. I read the stories you have written. I had no idea that the kink could be so deep. The stories made me think about it, I realised that life is too bloody short to mess around. I did not want to admit it, but some of the situations made me quite horny. But I definitely identified with the dominants not the submissive. I wanted to know how it felt to have someone trust you with their life. But I knew you would be very wary of trying anything with me as I know you have begun to hate me. So I decided to take control. I also realised I love you more than I thought. I hope you can forgive me……”
