---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Premium Playthings
authors:
- Bubuck31
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- rope
- anal
- sex
- kidnap
- doll
- F2doll
- chain
- drug
- gag
- nc
- XXX
date: 2025-04-19 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 5

Ben walked into the kitchen to get a bottle of water. He had had a busy morning on the phone talking to suppliers and was thinking it was time to let off a little stress and play.

Benjamin Tyler was the owner of a chain of furniture stores in northern California. After college, he had started working as a salesman in a small furniture store. He quickly realized that he could make more money opening his own business using his business management degree. Over the years, he grew the business to 30 stores sourcing his products from all over the world.

He was now 47 years old, 6 foot 3, and physically fit. He had a wife, son, and daughter, and he was also worth tens of millions so his life was pretty great.

His daughter Rebecca had just turned 20 last month and was currently in college about 60 miles away. She would come home for the weekend every few weeks or so. Chad, his 24-year-old son, lived at home. He didn’t really do much of anything. He liked to hang out with his friends at the mall or stay home and play video games.

The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree as they say. Ben and Chad did share one interest however. They both enjoyed bondage play and were sexually active. A few years ago, Ben and Chad were talking about things and Ben let him in on his little secret.

When Rebecca was in high school, her best friend was Caroline Fuller. The two were inseparable. Caroline was an outgoing friendly girl who was always ambitious and wanted more in life. She knew about Rebecca’s dad’s success in the furniture business and thought she could learn a few things from him.

One day, when she was visiting Rebecca at her house, she asked Ben if she could work at one of his nearby furniture stores for a while. As luck would have it, Ben’s secretary had just given her two-weeks’ notice. Ben agreed to let her work there after school on the weekdays on the condition that she work a full shift on Saturdays.

When she was 17 years old and at the end of her senior year, Caroline started working for Ben full time. She was anxious to learn how Ben was so successful and he was happy to impart his wisdom on her.

It had been 10 months since Caroline started working at the store full time when Ben approached her with an idea. He knew she was hungry to learn about the business side of things so he asked her if she wanted to attend a two-day business conference in San Jose. She happily agreed so Ben signed her up. He paid for her attendance and her hotel room. He even loaned her a company credit card to buy food and gas.

He was very happy to help her out. He enjoyed his success and he could see promise in Caroline’s future. He knew she would be a successful business woman someday.

The day had finally arrived. She had been looking forward to this for weeks. She stood in Ben’s office at the store’s main branch in San Rafael.

“Thank you so much for this opportunity, Mr. Tyler.” She smiled. “I’m going to bring back all kinds of information.”

Ben smiled, “I look forward to hearing all about it. Have a good time.” Caroline smiled and waved at him as she walked out the door.

That was the last time Ben would see Caroline. When she didn’t report to work the next week, he called around. The company who organized the conference, Caroline’s parents, and even Rebecca but to no avail. Caroline was missing. Even her car was missing but the company credit card had been used to buy gas in San Jose. Her parents filed a missing persons report and the police got involved. Ben fully cooperated with the authorities to help bring Caroline back. Ben even put up a $500,000 reward for her safe return.

Now, two years later, she was never found and the case was still open. Caroline’s parents missed their daughter very much and held out the hope that she would turn up one day. Rebecca had gone off to college and made new friends. She would occasionally think of all the fun times they had together and miss her friend. Ben moved on to a new secretary. A 32-year-old named Melissa.

As Ben walked upstairs to the bedroom at the end of the hall of his beautiful mansion near San Francisco, he was thinking about the last day he saw Caroline. As he unlocked the door and opened it up, he saw Susie laying on the bed staring at the ceiling waiting for him. She looked beautiful laying there and he thought he would have some fun with her.

Without much thought, he crawled onto the bed and on top of her. He immediately started fondling her huge breasts. He touched and caressed her body and by now was hard as a rock and needed to relieve himself. So, with little foreplay, he pulled down his slacks and rolled her over. Her back was arched up because of a pair of massive basketball sized tits between the sheets and her torso.

The grabbed some lubricant from the nightstand drawer and greased up her rear hole with his fingers.

After rubbing his cock on her butt crack for a few seconds, he pushed into her ass. She made no sound. Only a few short faint gasps of breath could be heard. He started out slow to be sure she was plenty lubricated then he pumped harder going deeper and faster until he was just about there. Just a few seconds before his explosion, he quickly pulled out, rolled her over again, crawled up to her face and shot his load in her wide-open mouth. He let out a moan of relief as she swallowed every drop.

As he was pulling his pants up, he heard someone downstairs. He went down to see that it was his son Chad.

“Hey dad.” Chad said.

Ben looked at him with a flushed look on his face. “Hi son.”

Chad walked past his dad and headed up the steps. “I’m going upstairs to play.” Said Chad.

“Okay.” Responded Ben as he opened the refrigerator to grab a beer. He knew what Chad meant when he said ‘play’.

Chad disappeared into his bedroom for a few seconds and returned with a single key. He walked to the end of the hall, and unlocked the door. There was Susie still on the bed with dried cum on the edge of her mouth.

Today he was feeling especially manly and dominant and he was on a mission. He rolled her over onto her stomach and spread her arms and legs wide apart. He could see that his dad had recently used her as her ass hole was still wet with cum. He went into the attached bathroom and grabbed a wet washcloth. When he returned, he quickly wiped her ass.

He then got some rope from a nearby drawer. He wasted no time tying her limbs to the bed posts stretching her body tight. And without any hesitation, he forced his dick in her ass. He figured he didn’t need any lubrication since his father had just been inside and he was right. Chad slipped in her rear with no resistance.

“You like that don’t ya bitch?” Chad said with an evil smile. “Yeah. Take it all.” He said, groaning.

He was pumping so hard that it put a strain on her ankles keeping her from sliding up the bed. He grabbed Susie’s hair and yanked her head back holding in that position making her spine arch back even further. Tears flowed down her cheeks as he shot his load deep in her behind. Chad climbed off her and went for the drawer pulling his jeans up. He picked up a butt plug and inserted it into Susie's slick ass hole.

“There you go. You can hold my cum for a while.” He spoke.

With that, he untied her, rolled her over again and left her there, still panting, and sweaty with tears in her eyes. He quickly walked out of the room and closed the door. Exhausted, even though he was in and out of her in about 10 minutes, he went to his room to take a shower.

After his shower, he went downstairs. When he walked into the family room, he sat on the large brown leather sofa next to his dad. After watching the baseball game for a while, Ben looked at his son.

“Do you want to go get a bite to eat?” Ben asked.

“Sure. Sounds good. Where’s mom this afternoon?” he asked.

“I think she’s out shopping. She should be back in a while.” Ben said.

During a commercial break, they turned off the TV, got up and headed out.

“I see you were playing with Susie today.” Chad said, making conversation.

“Yeah. You too?” asked Ben.

Chad laughed.

Ben chuckled as he said, “That doll sure gets a workout, doesn’t it?” Ben said.

They both laughed as they got in the car and drove off.

Lauren was Ben’s wife of twenty-five years. They had a good strong marriage and rarely had disagreements. When it came to their sex life however, they had a difference of opinion. Ben liked playing rough and being in control while she liked making love. He also had a very high sex drive. Lauren, however, was happy making love once every two months or so. They had come to an agreement a long time ago that he could get a high-end sex doll and do whatever he wanted with it. Shortly after that he decided to purchase Susie.

Lauren had just come home from lunch and shopping with a girlfriend and put her bags on the kitchen counter. She called out for her husband but got no answer so she went upstairs. She called out again but still there was still no response. She walked up to the door at the end of the hall. This door was always kept locked as this was Ben’s play room where the doll was kept. Lauren knew all about Ben and Chad’s toy and respected their privacy.

Knowing it was locked, she turned the knob anyway and to her surprise, it opened. She was slightly taken aback to see a naked sex doll on the bed. She had never seen one before and was a little intrigued. She stepped closer to its head and took a good look. The face looked remarkably like Caroline Fuller. Her daughter’s best friend who had gone missing three years ago. She looked at the rest of the body and, to her shock, saw that the chest was moving up and down.

“Oh my god!” Lauren gasped. “It’s breathing!”

After a minute to collect her thoughts. She said aloud, “It’s Caroline. What have they done to you?!”

Lauren was now in panic mode. Closely looking at Caroline's face. “Caroline, can you hear me? The doll didn't react. “Blink your eyes if you can hear me.” Even if the doll could hear her, she still couldn't blink.

Lauren never noticed that Ben had come home and was walking toward the open door.

“Lauren? What are you doing in here?” He said in a calm voice.

“Ben, that’s Rebecca’s friend Caroline! What have you done to her?!” Lauren sounded hysterical.

“Now calm down dear. Let’s go downstairs and talk about it.” He said.

Lauren did not want to talk about anything at the moment. She just wanted to help Caroline.

“Don’t worry about Caroline. She’s been here for almost three years now. Another hour won’t hurt her. Let’s talk.”

She seemed to calm down after a minute and he led her to his office on the first floor.

Needless to say, they had a heated argument about how this was wrong and illegal. Ben rationalized she was fine and not in any danger. Lauren argued that Caroline had to have been kidnapped and was now being sexually abused by her husband and son. After a yelling match, Lauren turned to leave the room.

“I’m calling the police.” She yelled, walking away from him.

Ben had to act quickly,

“I can’t let you do that, my dear.” He said calmly as he grabbed her from behind.

At 6’4”, it was easy to overpower her 5’6” 130-pound frame. He dragged her kicking and screaming back upstairs to the room where Susie was on the bed. As she struggled against his tight grip, he was able to get some rope around her and tie it off. He quickly ran to the garage and got some chain and padlocks. When he returned to the bedroom, she was struggling hard and had almost gotten free. He got down on top of her and wrapped the chains around her and eventually secured her so she could not get away.

As she was rolling around on the floor with far too many chains wrapped around her body, he wrapped duct taped around her head to stop the screaming. The house was far enough from other homes that no one could hear her screechy voice and constant swear words were annoying him.

Ben picked up the phone and dialed. “HI Gunner, It’s Ben Tyler. I have a problem here. My wife found the doll. I need to remove her from the equation. How soon can you get someone here to do a pick up? About 6 hours? Okay. That will work. Yeah. She found the doll. No. I’m not sure what I want to do with her yet. I’ll have an answer by the time your team arrives. Okay. Thanks. Goodbye.”

Ben hung up the phone and sat there for a few minutes looking at his wife squirming on the floor contemplating his options. He could sell her to a few business associates he knew in South America. A white sex slave would fetch some good money over there. He could give her to Premium Playthings. He knew they would give him credit toward his next purchase. After their lunch, Ben had dropped off his son at a friend’s house. Ben was sitting on the sofa then Chad came in.

“Your mom found out about Susie.” Ben said resigning.

“Oh, shit! What are we going to do?! She’ll go to the fucking cops.” Chad said.

“No, she won’t. I have her chained up in the play room on the floor. The guys from Premium Playthings are on their way.” Ben replied.

“What are we going to do with her?” said Chad.

“Well, we have a few options,” said Ben. “I was thinking about keeping her in the family. What do you think?”

“That sounds fine to me,” replied Chad, calming down a little. “After all, it is my mother. I would always wonder what happened to her. This way, she will always be close by.”

Years ago, Ben had been introduced to Gunner Beck. He owned a company called Premium Playthings. This was a place that would, for a price, create “products” for people who were willing to pay big money. Three years earlier, they had created the Susie sex doll for him.

Later that night, Nick and Jake Calhoun from Premium Playthings arrived to pick up Lauren. Ben led them upstairs to the room. She was still rolling around on the floor with about 50 feet of thick chain wrapped around her. She was still cursing through the duct tape wrapped around her head.

The two men smothered a wet cloth over her nose. Once she stopped struggling, they took off the chains, inserted an IV into her arm, put her limp body in a large wooden crate, and loaded it into their van. After a short conversation with Ben and Chad, they were off with their living cargo.
