---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/perceptions.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Perceptions
authors:
- Lobo De la Sombra
tags:
- Solo-F
- F/f
- voy
- online
- video
- naked
- bond
- rope
- gag
- hogtie
- mast
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2014-07-10 00:00:00
---

When you start this story, you may feel like discarding it immediately. That's the disclaimer. The request is, read the whole thing before you decide. It's not what it looks like.

"You wanted to see me, Sir?"

"Have a seat, detective."

Settling into her seat, Detective Rebecca Santos watched as Captain Murdoch thumbed a button on his desk, bringing to life the large screen on the wall. At the sight the screen displayed, her eyes widened.

On the screen, a young woman lay naked on a bed. Rope bound her wrists behind her, more rope binding her legs together at knee and ankle. Duct tape covered her lips, a slight bulge in the center only hinting at something stuffed into her mouth. Soft grunts emerged from the speakers as the woman rolled across the bed, twisting uselessly at her bonds. For long moments, she could only stare at the image. Finally, she turned her head away, gazing at Murdoch.

"Captain?"

"Look at the bottom right of the screen," Murdoch instructed. When she did so, she was surprised, and more than a little troubled, to see "Fourteen.com" emblazoned boldly.

"An underage bondage site," Murdoch said, his voice cold. "We just found out about this one, and I mean to shut it down fast. That's where you come in."

"But, Sir, this is a job for vice. I handle cyber crime."

"I know," Murdoch said, his voice softening. "I also know about the work you do for young teens. We need to find whoever is running this site, and we need to put a stop to it. You're the best qualified, Becca, so it's your case."

Becca shook her head. "I don't know, Bob," she replied. "I might be too close to this one. You know how I feel about abusing minors. I may not be able to remain professional with this."

"You'll do whatever needs to be done," Murdoch said, "whatever that may be. At any rate, you have your orders, Detective. I would suggest you get started."

Later that evening, Becca sat in her apartment, staring at her computer. On the screen, another video from the Fourteen.com site played. In this one, the same young woman sat strapped to a chair, moaning loudly as a vibrator buzzed away between her thighs. As she watched, Becca recorded her thoughts.

"It seems strange," she said softly. "This is wrong, so terribly wrong. But, at the same time, I can't deny that I find it strangely erotic. Just the thought of someone treating a young girl this way is abhorrent to me. At the same time, the sight of her, so helpless, so aroused, it makes me... makes me..."

Abruptly, she ended the recording. "Makes you what, Becca," she said to herself, her voice harsh. "Admit it, the sight makes you horny." This much, at least, was undeniable. Shortly after starting the video, one of Becca's hands had found its way between her thighs, stroking softly. Troubling as the sight might be, there was still something in it that aroused her. The realization was enough to cause her to halt the video. With the screen dark, she fell into her bed, quickly losing herself in strangely troubling dreams.

Next morning, she presented herself at Murdoch's desk. "Captain," she said softly, "I want you to take me off this case."

"Becca," Murdoch replied, "I need you on this one. You're my best shot at tracking this site down and putting an end to it." He rose from his chair. "I have a meeting to go to about this very case. Whatever your problem is, deal with it." Without letting her reply, Murdoch strode from the office.

"I want to," Becca whispered to the empty room. "I just don't know why I wish it was me."

That night, Becca sat once more in her apartment, watching a video from the site. This time, the girl was hogtied with leather straps. This time, Becca didn't even try to deny the arousal she felt, nor did she deny the wish that she were bound that way. Instead, she simply watched, her hand between her thighs, until she surprised herself with a powerful orgasm. Now more troubled than ever, she darkened her screen.

For the next three nights, Becca sat glued to her computer screen, watching videos from the site. During the day, she went through the motions of working the case, but her mind was never quite in it. Instead, her mind was fixed on images of herself, bound as the girl had been bound, helpless and horny. At night, her dreams were filled with the same images.

Finally, after a week, a break came. Becca sat at her desk, pretending to examine internet connections, when she was called to Murdoch's office.

"We have them," he said, holding up a slip of paper. "Your friends in cyber finally tracked the site down, and we have an address. I'm sending a squad to raid the place."

"No." Even Becca was surprised at her response. Watching Murdoch's eyebrow rise, she thought quickly, surprised at how easily the answer came to her. "Bob, I want to go alone. I need to see these people before you arrest them. Please, Bob, this is important."

For a moment, Murdoch simply gazed at her. Then, with a slow nod, he handed her the paper.

Time to end this, Becca thought, gazing at the house that occupied the address on the paper. For a moment, she thought about hanging back and watching, but something moved her toward the door. Giving in to the impulse, she rang the bell. The door was opened by a young woman, who smiled brightly.

"Hello." The woman stepped back. "Come on in," she said, smiling as Becca hesitantly entered the house.

"You're very trusting," she observed, glancing around. "Letting a stranger into your home, that is."

"Oh, but you're no stranger," the woman replied. "You're Becca Santos. You do volunteer work at the girl's shelter. I know because you've helped friends of mine. Now, what can I do for you?"

"I'm here because of a site we think is being operated from this address," Becca said, wondering if this was really the evil person she expected. At her words, the woman grinned.

"Really?" The woman beamed. "Great. We're filming at the moment, though. Would you like to see?"

Unsure of what to expect, Becca nodded slowly. With a smile, the woman led her to a back room, where the girl from the videos lay spread eagle on the bed. As before, she was securely bound and gagged. In spite of herself, Becca could only watch, her hand slipping slowly between her own thighs.

"No," she whispered, "this is wrong. It has to stop."

"Wrong?" Looking puzzled, the woman beside her entered the room, stopping the camera. With quick, practiced motions, she released the girl on the bed. Once free, the girl rose to her feet, not bothering to conceal her nudity.

"Who's this?"

"This is Becca Santos. I told you about her, remember?"

The girl smiled brightly, holding out her hand. "I am pleased to meet you, Becca. I'm Four."

"Now wait." The three now sat around the table in the home's kitchen. The girl, still naked, smiled across at Becca's confused face. "How old are you?"

"Nineteen," the girl replied.

"Nineteen?" Becca shook her head. "So you're not fourteen," she whispered. "You're Four, the teen. The site gives your name, not your age." She looked at the second woman. "And you are...?"

"Oh," the woman replied, smiling, "my bad. "I'm Two." She shrugged. "Our parents didn't believe in names," she said, "so they numbered us."

"So this site is legal."

"Completely," Two replied. "We have all the permits and everything." She frowned. "Why? Did you think we were doing something wrong?"

"We thought," Becca explained, "that this was an underage bondage site. Because of the site name."

Four's eyes widened. "Four Teen," she said slowly. "Fourteen. Oh my God. I am so, so stupid! I never once thought about that. I am so sorry. What can I do to fix this?"

"You have no idea what I went through trying to solve this case," Becca told her. Slowly, her lips began to curve. "But I can think of a way to set things right."

"Good job, Becca." Sitting behind his desk, Murdoch gazed across at her. "I'm glad to know this was just a case of mistaken identity."

Becca nodded. "Four has agreed to change the name of her site, to prevent future misunderstandings," she said. "What she and Two are doing is completely legal."

"There's just one more thing I don't understand." Murdoch thumbed the control. As the screen sprang to life, it showed Becca writhing languidly in the bonds that held her naked body helpless. "Care to explain this?"

Becca rose from her chair, thumbing the remote and darkening the screen. "What I do on my off time," she said, "is my own business." Turning away, she didn't even try to hide the smile.
