---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Professor Kink's Escape Room Challenge
authors:
- thepinkbishop
tags:
- Other-f+
- M-f+
- bond
- latex
- catsuit
- gag
- straps
- piercing
- toys
- buttplug
- scifi
- force
- climax
- nosehook
- milking
- bodymod
- machine
- oral
- reluct
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-01-11 00:00:00
---

### Episode 1

The klaxon blared and a crimson warning light swept menacingly across the dimly lit control room of the crippled rescue submarine as the Isabel and her three companions fought frantically to stem the rising water level. The water was already up to Isabel’s waist and it seemed the more she and her companions did to try to stop it the faster it rose.

‘This is way too fucking realistic,’ Tiffany shouted as the metal deck plate beneath their feet pitched to the left and the whole room tilted by about ten degrees sending a wave across the cramped chamber that nearly swamped her.

‘Does anyone remember where the Panic Button is?’ Priya asked.

‘We don’t need the Panic Button,’ Isabel said as calmly as she could, her hand dancing across the aging control panel in front of her, flicking switches and turning dials in an attempt to find the right combination. ‘We’re escape room champions and we’re going to get that $100,000 when we get out of here.’

‘If we get out of here.’ Pryia shouted. Isabel glanced round to see her throw back her long dark plait and take another breath before plunging below the water to change the flow valves in the pipes they had uncovered below the floor as the sub had crashed.

‘We’ll get out,’ Isabel said as much to calm herself as her other two companions. ‘How’s it going Tiff?’

‘I’m up to my tits in freezing seawater,’ Tiff called back. The buxom redhead was wrestling with a rusty escape hatch. ‘How do you fucking think it’s going?’

‘We’ll be fine Tiff,’ Isabel reassured. ‘Any joy Charlie?’

Charlotte was sitting cross legged in an alcove about two feet about the water level flicking through a ring binder with glossy laminated pages. She was the only one of the four women who wasn’t soaked. ‘The schematics show some sort of escape pod in the roof.’ She looked up, her blue eyes scanning the steel roof, following the pipes and ventilation ducts. ‘There!’ she said, triumphantly, climbing to her feet and leaping from her perch to swing from the bars of a roof ladder, her long blonde hair flying. Reaching the hatch, she lifted her feet to kick at the panel, pushing it back to reveal an airlock door.

‘Well done, Charlie,’ Isabel called although even as she spoke, she was thinking how bloody typical it was that the three of them were down here, up to their arses in freezing water getting a soaking while miss perfect with her blonde hair and gorgeously athletic body was up there keeping herself warm and dry and still managing to look bloody beautiful in the loose coveralls they’d been given to wear.

To her right, Tiffany was wading back towards her from what was now the downhill end of the room, red hair plastered to her skin and the coverall clinging to her large breasts and outlining her startlingly erect nipples.

‘Bloody typical.’ The redhead glanced up at Charlotte who was swinging from the wheel that opened the hatch, grunting with effort as she tried to turn it.

At that moment Priya surfaced, taking in a gasp of air, blinking water from her large dark eyes as it streamed from her thick dark hair. ‘I cannot stop it,’ she said and then looked up to see Charlotte’s legs swinging wildly as the rusty hatch mechanism yielded to her efforts. ‘Again?’ She said quietly looking from Isabel to Tiffany.

Isabel shrugged and nodded as Priya stood, the water draining from the loose coveralls, sucking the material against the dark skin of her body. Not for the first time, Isabel envied her friend’s dark exotic looks and her gently rounded form.

---

With the hatch open, they scrambled up into the room above, another steel chamber but, aside from the puddles they created themselves, blissfully dry.

Not unusually, Isabel was the last one up, throwing up a handful of potentially useful items she’d scavenged from the control room stuffed into a ‘Utopia Enterprises’ bag.

‘Shut the hatch, would you Izzy?’ Charlotte said, glancing over her shoulder. The blonde was already exploring the room although there wasn’t much else to see, just three steel walls, one with a hatch similar to that which they’d just climbed through and a fourth wall with four glass fronted chambers each containing what looked like a black rubber diving suit.

Isabel closed the hatch, turning the locking wheel.

‘I’m guessing we have to get to the suits and then go out of the hatch,’ Tiffany said.

‘Doh?’ Charlotte said. ‘Really?’

‘Stop it you two,’ Isabel snapped. Charlotte did tend to get up people’s noses but it was usually Tiffany who piqued first.

‘There!’ Priya said, squeezing water from her long dark plait and throwing it over her shoulder then sweeping the hair that had come loose back with it. ‘It’s a slot for one of those keys we found in the locker.’

‘Just as well one of us thought to bring them.’ Isabel opened the bag and produced the oddly shaped geometric rods that they’d found which were very much not in keeping with the old fashioned steam punk style control room below.

There were four keys, four slots and four suits.

And there were four of them…

---

‘What is this stuff?’ Tiffany asked.

‘Feels like rubber,’ said Charlotte.

‘It’s definitely not rubber,’ Isabel assured them. When not seeking out Escape Rooms she was an engineer. ‘Some sort of carbon fibre. I’d say it was graphene,’ she said, rubbing the material between her fingers. ‘Except that you can’t make a suit out of graphene.’

‘We need to get them on,’ Tiffany said, ripping open her coverall to give everyone a clear view of her truly magnificent breasts with their arresting pink nipples and then sliding her legs out to reveal the rest of her voluptuous, pale skinned figure.

‘Do you think anyone’s watching?’ Priya asked, looking around. Most escape rooms had security cameras and in a couple of the big competitors they’d entered, the feed had been streamed to a spectators’ area.

‘Probably somewhere,’ Tiffany said, looking around and quite deliberately turning and sticking out her tongue as she blatantly displayed her naked body to anyone who might be looking.

‘Slut!’ mouthed Isabel as Tiffany completed her rotation, arms outstretched.

Tiffany grinned. ‘If you’ve got it, flaunt it.’ She cupped her right breast and lifted it to her face, her pink tongue licking the huge pink nipple. ‘Come and get me, boys,’ she said out loud. ‘Don’t keep Tiffany waiting.’

Isabel pulled off her own coverall wishing she could be as confident in her body as her friend. It wasn’t that she had a bad body, it was just a bit ordinary; 34-22-34, A-cup or, maybe a B on a good day with a decent bra. She’d done classical ballet for years and while she was toned and elegant she knew her shape didn’t appeal to the boys she met whose eyes always seemed drawn to gorgeous blonde Charlotte or bouncy, bubbly Tiffany. Priya was a little different; she didn’t date although that was not from want of offers.

---

The suits fitted perfectly. Rather too perfectly, Isabel thought as it tightened round her body, apparently squeezing and shaping it with ease.

‘Whoa!’ Tiffany staggered. ‘Did anyone else get that?’

‘What?’ Isabel looked round. ‘Oh…!’

Isabel got it. The suit was extremely close fitting…intimate might be a better term.

‘It feels like someone’s trying to drive a butt-plug inside me,’ Tiffany said.

All three other girls looked at her.

‘What?’ The redhead looked at them. ’Don’t tell me you’ve never tried one.’

‘I can’t say I ever have,’ Priya said somewhat primly.

‘They’re not all they’re cracked up to be,’ Charlotte said, her cheeks reddening in a most un-Charlotte like way. ‘Not that I’m an expert, obviously...’

As well as pressing on her anal sphincter Isabel could feel the suit flowing across her sex; exploring…probing. She understood now why Charlotte was blushing.

‘I must say this is the first time I’ve ever been groped by an inanimate object,’ Tiffany said, her cheeks colouring and her breath quickening. ‘Is anyone else having this problem or did I get the pervy suit?’

‘No!’ said Isabel, aware of the firm but constant pressure against her own anal ring and the suit settling against her sex. ‘I think we’re all getting it. Must be made of some sort of smart molecule.’

‘Just as long as it does not go any deeper,’ Priya said, her eyes wide.

‘It seems to have stopped,’ Isabel said with a gasp of relief. Having insinuated itself between her labia the suit seemed to have paused in the edge of full penetration.

‘Mine too,’ Tiffany said. ‘Bit of a shame really.’

‘Slut,’ opined Charlotte.

‘Takes one to know one,’ Tiffany snapped back.

‘Ladies,’ Isabel and Priya chorussed.

‘We’re safe and we have a means of escape,’ Isabel continued. As she spoke, she glanced to one side catching sight of her reflection in the polished steel of the wall; a slim and very obviously feminine figure in a tight, shiny, black and rubbery looking sheath. The suit covered every part of her body except her face and had somehow closed itself around her curly dark hair leaving it hanging behind her head in a ponytail which she thought was rather odd as she was sure she hadn’t pulled it through.

She thought the others looked good too; curvaceous Tiffany, her red hair positively glowing in contrast to the shiny black material; Priya with the suit stretched across her strikingly large breasts and demonstrating a remarkable thigh gap for her size; and Charlotte looking as bloody perfect as ever.

It did, Isabel thought, make her own breasts look bigger…and her nipples were really standing out.

---

They knew where they had to go next and after opening the airlock Isabel led them into the chamber where they stood around the edge of the ‘exit’; a pool of deep green, almost black seawater that ebbed and flowed and splashed up onto the deck.

‘Shame these suits don’t have a mask,’ Priya said.

‘You can’t have everything,’ Tiffany said. ’So who’s first.’

‘Come on,’ Isabel took a deep breath and jumped.

The first thing she noticed as she plunged into the chill water was the way it slid across the suit and she found her momentum carried her down so far that her ears throbbed. She brought her hand up to her nose to clear them and felt something hard in the way. When she opened her eyes, she found the suit did have a mask, some sort of clear plastic visor across her face. She looked round to see the others making the same discovery. They had fins too and when she kicked, she found that so did she; the gloves of the suit had become webbed too.

‘Nice.’ She hadn’t meant to say it out loud.

‘Yeah, weird,’ Tiffany’s voice appeared in her ear.

She kicked out and swam towards the entrance of the main ‘research base.’

---

They scrambled up into another steel room which almost mirrored the one they had left, their masks vanishing as they cleared the water into the relative safety of the base their ‘mission’ briefing had told them they would be exploring. ‘We’ve lost all contact…’ was the dramatised introduction and 'you are being sent to investigate’. Isabel couldn’t help thinking that, in the early day of Escape Room scenarios, getting out of the submarine would have been considered an adventure, but that was just the precursor to the main event allowing them to start their adventure, now trapped in an underwater research base from which they had to escape, presumably without the use of the submarine they had just crashed and abandoned.

She sat for a moment, catching her breath and feeling a little like a beached seal beside Charlotte’s mermaid as she waited for the fins that had grown from the boots or, perhaps that should have been ‘socks’, of the suit to disappear. She might have thought about this further, given time and fewer distractions but she had entered the adventure and somehow seemed to just know it would happen.

‘Did anyone else find…?’ Priya’s voice broke the silence. ‘That their suit sort of rubs.’

‘Sure does,’ Tiffany said with a grin. ‘I might take mine home as a souvenir.’ She gave a wiggle that, from a large breasted girl and black rubber was decidedly sexy.

‘My nipples are really tingling,’ Charlotte said absently, rubbing them.

Isabel stayed quiet. She knew exactly what the others were talking about. As she’d swum the suit had seemed to rub her erogenous zones and she knew that if she’d been in the water for much longer, she wouldn’t have been able to keep her hands away from her crotch. It certainly wasn’t the exertion of the swim that had made her breathless and flushed. At least sitting still stopped that distraction although the suit was very much still pressing intimately at her sex and insistently at her back passage and for some reason, her nipples were tingling too.

‘We’re not going to have to crawl out are we?’ Priya asked after a moment looking at the page fins that were apparently moulded to her suit.

‘You could take your suit off,’ said Tiffany with a mischievous tone in her voice and a wink to Isabel.

‘But I left my clothes…’ Priya protested, stopping when she realised she was being baited.

‘I’m not sure we can get them off,’ Charlotte observed. She’d somehow managed to tear her fingers away from her nipples and was pulling at the edge of the suit where it circled her face.

‘We must be able to get them off,’ Isabel said. ‘I remember…’ She had been about to say she remembered zipping hers up but then she realised she didn’t; a bit like she didn’t remember sliding her hair through the back of the hood. She certainly hadn’t worked it intimately between her labia or pushed it deep between her buttocks.

‘It’s ok,’ Priya said. ‘It’s changing.’

Isabel looked at her feet. The fins were narrowing, tapering into…points and then swelling.

‘I think mine has got stuck,’ Charlotte said. ‘Looking at her own boots.’

‘I can’t help thinking they look like hooves,’ said Priya.

‘Stage one transformation complete,’ a voice said.

‘I think somebody’s having a laugh at our expense,’ Tiffany said.

‘Yeah,’ said Charlotte. ‘Take four hot girls, get their clothes wet, make them strip and dress them in black rubber.’ She looked around. ‘Face it girls. We’ve been had. I bet there’s no $100,000 prize either.’

‘They said this would be a challenge,’ Isabel said, levering herself to her feet and balancing on the ‘hooves’. ‘Just like my ballet days.’

She had to admit that Charlotte and Tiffany had a point, except the part about getting wet, of course, on Charlotte’s part. There she was, slim, ultra slim in fact and very female in what appeared to be a tight black shiny rubber catsuit. There were websites that showed girls just like she appeared to be now with her waist cinched in ludicrously tightly, making her breasts and hips stand out in a slimmer but not no less appealing version of Tiffany. The suit definitely made her breasts look bigger and her nipples; and as for her bottom…well, if she was honest, that looked round and shiny and gorgeous and so did her legs which appeared clad in shiny stockings or boots that seemed to go on forever.

‘Come on.’ She tottered en-point over to Tiffany to help her to her feet. ‘We can’t stay here all day.’

---

‘Very kinky,’ Tiffany said as they stood for a moment holding hands, Isabel supporting her friend and steadying her. ‘I have a pair of toe boots at home.’ She grinned. ‘Guess I should have practiced more.’

Tiffany was bent over more than was necessary making her fully rounded bottom and her large breasts stick out.

‘You’ll be fine,’ Isabel reassured her. She was about to turn away when Tiffany cried out, her free hand going to her breasts; she wobbled dangerously but Isabel steadied her.

‘Tiff?’

‘Did any of you get that?’ Tiffany gasped her hand clutching her right nipple.

‘Stage two transformation initiated,’ the voice said.

The other girls looked around nervously but only Tiffany seemed affected.

‘I think the suit just pierced my nipples,’ Tiffany said, her fingers probing.

Isabel could see Tiffany’s large breasts were even more prominent and her nipples looked huge but there was nothing obvious to see. Then, suddenly, her suit began to peel away, starting at the nipple and exposing the skin of both her breasts and there, in her large swollen pink nipples were a pair of black rings about an inch and a half across and a quarter of an inch thick.

‘Fuck,’ Tiffany said pushing her finger through one of the rings.

‘Swearing violation,’ the voice said. ‘Punishment initiated.’

‘Wha…?’ Tiffany got no further.

The material of the suit flowed across her mouth and forced its way inside. ‘Mmmphh.’ The redhead’s cheeks bulged, her blue eyes wide. Tiffany’s hands went to her mouth, fingers clawing the black material.

‘Interference beyond parameters of scenario,’ the voice said. ‘Restraint initiated.’

Isabel watched as the redhead’s hands appeared to be gradually pulled away from her face and guided behind her back as if by some unseen force.

Isabel sprung forward to help as Tiffany looked at her, panic evident in her blue eyes wide. With her mouth completely sealed her breathing was loud through her nose.

‘Oh my god,Tiff,’ Isabel looked at her helpless friend. There was a clear bulge where the gag filled her mouth and the suit seemed to have taken on a shape as if was held in by a thick strap behind her head; other ‘straps’ ran up her cheek to meet over her nose where they joined the hood of the suit over her forehead. Behind her back, her arms formed a triangle with what appeared to be thick back straps superimposed over the suit pinning her wrists and elbows together, more of the raised bands ran over her shoulders as if holding the restraint more tightly in place.

‘It certainly is kinky,’ said Priya, tottering over to Tiffany and tracing one of the straps over her shoulder.

Tiffany stood wide eyed and bare breasted, clearly adjusting to the situation.

‘Mmmmnnggg…’ She reeled again and Priya and Isabel grabbed her quickly to stop her falling.

‘Tiff!’ Isabel felt a surge of panic. ‘What’s wrong?’

‘Mmmmnngg.’ Tiffany tipped her head back, nostrils flaring and her face flushing. ‘Nnnnngghh.’ She shook her head, her red hair flying behind it. ‘Nnnggmmphh.’ Tiffany began writhing, swaying on the boots supported between Isabel and Priya. ‘Mmmphh…nggg…aaaa…’

‘It’s hurting her,’ Isabel shouted, frightened.

Tiffany shook her head, eyes wide, panting and squirming. ‘Nnngghh.’

‘Tiff,’ Isabel asked. ‘What’s the matter?’

Tiffany shook her head again; the panicky look was fading and her movements were calming down.

Isabel waited anxiously; relieved that whatever was affecting her friend was passing.

‘What did it mean by stage two?’ Priya asked. ‘It clearly only affected Tiffany.’

‘Mmbbbmm.’ Tiffany tried to explain but the gag was totally effective in rendering her speech incomprehensible.

‘We should go on,’ Charlotte said from the other side of the room, apparently less concerned about the redhead’s odd behaviour.

‘She can’t stay like this for the rest of the escape,’ Isabel said.

‘Maybe it’s part of the puzzle,’ Priya said. ‘Maybe there’s some sort of key in the next room.’

‘Really?’ Isabel said doubtfully.

Priya shrugged. ‘Well, we can’t stay here.’

‘Tiff?’ Isabel asked. ‘Can you…?’

‘Mmmm.’ Tiffany nodded toward the door and took a hesitant step forward.

---

A simple combination lock comprising the coordinates of the base got them out of the airlock through a sliding steel panel and into what had once been a space-age hexagonal corridor but in the flickering overhead lights they could see it was now blasted and scorched, sections of the shiny white plastic walls melted and warped in places; debris from the ductways that had once run across the ceiling lay scattered on the floor and pipes hung down venting steam while severed wires sparked.

‘This has got to be one of the best rooms we’ve done,’ said Priya, supporting Tiffany from one side while Isabel supported her from the other. ‘It’s really realistic.’

‘Sure is,’ Isabel reached out and ran her fingers over a scorch-mark in the wall; whatever the suit was made of it didn’t interfere with her sense of touch and even seemed to enhance it, allowing her to feel every ripple and deformity in the scorched plastic.

Charlotte walked ahead of them carefully stepping over the debris and avoiding the wires.

‘I guess this explains why they lost contact with the base,’ Charlotte said, referring them back to the scenario briefing. ‘They want us to know something pretty serious must have happened.’

Isabel guided Tiffany over a broken pipe. The redhead’s breathing had calmed down and she was less flushed but the gag still covered her mouth and her arms were still firmly secured behind her back.

‘I wonder if this panel works.’ Charlotte pressed a button beneath a view screen which flickered to life revealing a black and white image of a woman’s face, suitably grim and haggard, her blonde hair tied behind her head. The image vanished in static then distorted dramatically before reappearing.

‘I’m all out of options,’ the woman said, her image moving back away from the screen to reveal that she was naked and implying she had gone beyond the point of caring; she was carrying a very large space-age looking gun that was as grimy as she was. Behind her, another figure appeared, a second woman although this one wore one of the black suits similar to those which Isabel and her friends now wore. This one, however, differed in a number of ways: firstly, it covered the woman’s entire head effectively blindfolding her and bulged over her mouth in the same way as Tiffany’s now did, suggesting she was gagged too; like Tiffany’s the suit had peeled back to reveal the woman’s breasts which were huge and also pierced through the nipples with black rings; the woman’s arms were barely visible but when she turned to the side guided by the naked woman with the gun it was possible to see that her arms were tightly folded up high behind her back, her hands encased in some sort of mitten that was attached to the back of what looked like a collar around her neck but was probably just a thickening of the suit; her arms were encased in folds of the suit finishing at her elbows which were linked by what appeared to be a short strap but, like the collar and like the ‘straps’ on Tiffany’s restraint, were probably parts of the suit.

Like the four girls, this woman’s waist was tightly constricted so as to appear impossibly thin compared to the flare of her hips and her enormous breasts with their massive dark areoles that were at least as big as a person’s hand giving her the appearance of being intensely aroused; the woman’s hips and the top of her legs were bare as were her large round buttocks but thin filaments of suit ran down between her legs suggesting that the suit continued to exert its presence on her sex and probably her anus too; a large ring like those in her nipples pierced her clitoral hood; more strips of suit supported what looked like stockings or thigh high boots that ended in ‘hooves’ like those the girls wore; a band of the suit perhaps eight inches long linked the woman’s ankles and where it attached the suit seemed thicker as if she were locked in cuffs. The naked woman had clearly been guiding the hooded, helpless one by a leash that was attached to her nipple rings and when she drew on the leash the helpless, suited woman came closer bumping into the naked one.

‘It’s ok.’ The naked woman turned and stroked the side of her companion’s head and spoke soothingly. ‘I’ll get us out of here, my love.’

The hooded woman pointed her face at the other in what might have been a tender moment but then suddenly her head tipped back and she gave a muffled yelp.

‘Oh, my darling.’ The naked blonde held her helpless companion. ‘I’ll make them pay for what they’ve done to you.’

Whether the helpless woman heard her companion or not, she was not comforted and began writhing in the same way as Tiffany had done, mewling into her gag, her body shaking.

‘Fight it!’ The naked blonde said, grabbing her companion’s dark ponytail.

The writhing woman shook her head miserably, she was panting hard through her nostrils, as her body writhed, hips gyrating, huge breasts bouncing; she seemed to be pressing her legs together and Isabel, wondering if the suit was inflicting some sort of pain on her sex, tore her eyes away from the helpless captive to look at Tiffany.

Tiffany’s blue eyes were wide and glistening with tears as she watched the screen and Isabel saw her shake her head and heard her give a faint gasp then a long moan that was similar to the one they’d just heard on the screen.

‘Unngghhhhhhhhhh.’ Tiffany shook her head more vigorously, her eyes pleading, then her legs buckled. ‘Nnnnmmmhhh.’

On the screen the hooded woman mirrored the redhead’s distress, collapsing to the floor writhing and thrashing.

‘Please, my love.’ The naked woman spoke in a hoarse whisper. ‘They’ll hear you.’

But the woman did not hear and simply lay thrashing on her side before rolling onto her belly and lifting her legs. ‘Mmmmmhhhhhhooohhh.’

The naked woman stood, temporarily abandoned her helpless companion and spoke into the screen, her eyes wild and her expression fearful.

‘See…’ she said. ‘See what he's done to us.’ She gestured to the woman on the floor who continued to cry out through her gag, arching her back as she rolled on the floor. ‘The airlock’s sealed… I can’t get out and I wouldn’t survive out there without my suit anyway.’ She glanced to the side. ‘They’re coming… I should fight but I can’t…won’t kill them, not my own crew.’

There was a noise off to her right, the clank of metal, and the woman glanced fearfully towards it.

‘They’re almost here. If you find this remember the Workers will ignore you but you’ll have to hide from the Hunters. I tried to get to the emergency release mechanism to return us to the surface but I couldn’t, so I rescued Clare from solitary and planned to escape. I’m not going to make it now. I’ve left more information for you in the maintenance tunnels. Get into them as soon as you can. The Hunters can’t enter them.’

The clanking seemed to get louder metal feet or boots on the deck plating.

‘Beware of the suits,’ she said, glancing back at the screen. ‘You’ll need one of these.’ She held up a disc. ‘Manual override. I used it to remove my own suit but Kink’s deactivated it and I can’t get Clare’s off.’

She glanced down at the helpless writhing woman on the floor.

A shadow loomed over her.

‘Shit…Hunter…’ The woman turned and pointed the rifle but as she had foretold did not pull the trigger. She glanced across at the screen. ‘This is Base Commander Briga Songsten signing off for the last time.’ She gripped the rifle tightly, lifted the muzzle and fired at the ceiling. ‘Come get us. Come rescue my crew from that madman, Kink.’

The picture distorted, then they saw an image of falling debris, the cable sparking close to her body; there was a second muzzle flash and burning metal dripped around her.

At that moment, tendrils of rope or cable began to snake around her body and they saw the flash of a metal claw. ‘No!’ She struggled violently but the black substance steadily overwhelmed her, tightening as it engulfed her body before coalescing to create the sheer smoothness of one of the black suits and a moment later, she was dragged away leaving the helpless woman writhing and screaming on the floor.

---

Beside Isabel, Tiffany was writhing and screaming too.

‘This is crazy,’ Priya said. ‘We have to end the scenario.’

‘Not yet,’ Charlotte called back.

At that moment, Tiffany stilled and opened her eyes looking up at Isabel.

‘Tiff? Are you ok?’

Tiffany nodded and the gag slid back from her mouth allowing her to gasp in air.

‘What happened?’ Isabel asked, her voice full of concern.

‘The suit,’ Tiffany gasped.

‘What’s it doing to you? Did it hurt you?’

Tiffany shook her head gasping; there was saliva dribbling from her soft pink lips.

‘Not hurt…’ She tried unsuccessfully to sit up. ‘This thing has just shoved a dildo the size of Nelson’s Column in my fanny and filled my arse with something that feels like the Eiffel Tower…and until just now they were both buzzing away furiously.’ She forced a smile. ‘I’ve just had the biggest fucking orgasm of my life.’

‘Swearing violation. Stage two punishment initiated.’

The material of the suit rolled back across Tiffany’s face but this time did not stop with just her mouth, it spread across over her eyes too, blindfolding her and leaving her head completely encased except for two breathing holes over her nose.

‘Tiff,’ Isabel called but it was too late.

‘Actually, it doesn’t sound that bad,’ said Priya.

‘What do you mean?’ Isabel looked at her angrily.

‘Well, I wouldn’t mind,’ said Priya with a shrug. ‘’Would you?’

‘What?’ Isabel asked, bewildered. ‘Be trussed up like that and gagged and blindfolded?’

‘And forced to orgasm,’ Priya added a sly smile on her face. ‘I’m just saying I wouldn’t mind. Though I’m still a virgin so I wouldn’t want the Nelson’s Column part.’

Isabel tried to ignore the warmth her own suit was creating between her legs and the persistent tingling in her nipples which seemed to be becoming more sensitive every time she thought about them.

‘Oh come on,’ Priya said, her face reddening. ‘Everybody does self bondage when they masturbate don’t they?’

Charlotte and Isabel exchanged glances then Charlotte bent and picked up a cord of some sort from the floor. ‘Come on you two.’ She tossed it to Isabel. It was the leash that the naked woman had been guiding her helpless companion with, a leather strap with a wrist loop that forked and ended in two hooks.

‘I can’t lead her round by the nipples,’ Isabel protested.

‘Well we can’t leave her here,’ Charlotte said. ‘And we can’t stay here or one of those Hunter things might come by and we can kiss goodbye to $100,000.’

‘I’m not sure we should continue,’ Isabel said standing up. ‘This is all a bit too much and it’s not fair on Tiffany.’

‘I really wouldn’t mind, if it was me,’ Priya said.

‘No,’ Isabel said darkly. ‘We should pull the plug.’

‘Tiff would want us to carry on,’ Charlotte said. ‘Priya.’

‘I say we go on too,’ said Priya with a smile. ‘No fucking arguments,’ she added deliberately.

‘Swearing violation,’ the voice said. ‘Punishment initiated.’

The gag filled Priya’s mouth and, as it did so, Isabel saw her smile.

‘Alright,’ Isabel nodded, acquiescing, and she and Priya hauled the helpless Tiffany to her feet. Then Isabel hooked the leash to the rings in the redhead’s nipples. ‘Sorry, Tiff.’

‘Mmm.’ Tiffany shrugged, seeming to imply she understood and, perhaps as Priya had suggested, didn’t really mind.

That’s when the lights went out.

---

Charlotte led, picking her way using a flashlight Isabel had scavenged from the submarine and Isabel followed, guiding the helpless Tiffany on the leash hooked onto her nipples. Priya walked behind, her eyes white in the darkness and, when Isabel looked round in flashes of light, she was sure she caught her friend deliberately touching her breasts and sex. Keeping her hands away from her own erogenous zones was proving quite a challenge. She tried to tell herself it was a comfort thing but if she was honest she felt randier as she’d been for some time.’

‘That was fun,’ said Priya suddenly.

‘Just don’t swear again,’ Isabel called back.

‘Shhh!’ Charlotte turned.

There was a clanking sound and the scrape of metal on metal.

‘Shit!’ Priya hissed then clamped her hand to her mouth.

‘Swearing violation. Punishment initiated.’

Charlotte shone the torch back as Priya’s suit engulfed her face.

‘Fuck!’ Charlotte said. ‘Oh…’ She too clasped her hand over her mouth.

‘Swearing violation. Punishment initiated.’

‘Great work,’ said Isabel sarcastically.

Charlotte lifted her hands in a gesture of helplessness clearly trying to indicate that it wasn’t her fault.

‘Light,’ said Isabel pointing at the torch.

Charlotte looked at her uncomprehending then turned off the torch plunging them into darkness again.

A moment later another light appeared at the end of the corridor, bright like a searchlight behind which lurked the sound of clanking metal footsteps.

‘What do we do?’ Isabel hissed then, realising she wasn’t going to get an answer, she felt suddenly alone.

It was at that moment that Tiffany began to moan.

‘Tiff,’ Isabel hissed urgently. ‘Not now.’

Tiffany’s moans got louder and Isabel pulled on her leash drawing her closer. Tiffany yelped at the sudden tug on her nipples then moaned again.

‘Charlie,’ Isabel whispered. ‘Hide Priya.’

‘Mmmm,’ Tiffany moaned again.

The metal footsteps approached slowly but inexorably and Isabel pulled Tiffany against her whispering to her to keep quiet in much the same way as Commander Songsten had done to her companion and, presumably, lover. In the darkness, she thought Tiffany nodded her understanding as she stood trembling in Isabel’s arms a black figure in the total blackness of the corridor. It was at that moment that Isabel realised it wasn’t just trembling. Tiffany’s crotch was pressed up against Isabel’s thighs and it was definitely vibrating.

The helpless redhead’s breathing was ragged through her nostrils and she was whimpering quietly.

‘Oh, Tiff,’ Isabel realised how much stimulation Tiffany was enduring and squeezed the helpless girl tighter, pulling her friend’s head against her chest and pressing her back against the wall in the darkness more than aware of what that the vibrator was doing to her own body. She hoped that the machine or alien or whatever it was wouldn’t be able to see them in the darkness but there was nowhere to hide.

‘Just keep quiet a little longer.’ She stroked the smooth surface of Tiffany’s hood and planted a kiss on the top of Tiffany’s head realising she was in part doing this for her own reassurance.

Maybe it was the darkness; maybe it was the unknown; maybe it was the thought of what her own suit might do to her, binding her or gagging and blindfolding her, robbing her of her ability to move, to see, to speak or, worse, of her autonomy; maybe it was the constant and, frankly, distracting sexual stimulation that was interfering with her usual calm assessment of such situations.

The clanking footsteps came closer and Isabel realised she was actually scared; this scenario was too realistic; Escape Rooms were a series of intellectual puzzles and maybe a few simple physical tasks which she usually left to Charlotte; not jumping out of crashed submarines and being hunted in the dark by bizarre metal creatures while…

Tiffany’s knees buckled.

---

It was hard to see past the light but she thought the figure was about seven feet tall, vaguely humanoid. Steel glinted in reflected light as the creature or robot or whatever it was lumbered forward. If this was a Hunter then it didn’t seem a very effective one with its lumbering pace. She just hoped it was one of the Workers that the Commander had spoken of.

Tiffany whimpered again and the creature stopped. It was level with Isabel and Tiffany where the two stood pressed against the metal wall of the corridor with Tiffany on her knees, her gagged face pressed firmly against Isabel’s crotch.

The creature turned towards them.

Isabel found herself trembling with unexpectedly genuine terror and took a step away drawing Tiffany with her but in her haste she stumbled over the boots and the two of the fell, Tiffany landing on top of Isabel who lay literally paralysed with fear, torn between the need to squirm out from beneath her friend and flee and to hold onto Tiffany for the comfort it gave.

The creature raised its arms and lifted a panel off the wall above them then inserted some sort of tool into the machinery beyond and the lights came back on, dimly at first then increasing in brightness.

The creature was indeed humanoid; it looked like some sort of exoskeleton that glinted…metal, moving mechanically with hinged joints controlled by pistons; there was a woman. That it was a woman was in no doubt; she had huge breasts, bare like Tiffany’s now were but over her nipples there was a cup-like arrangement with pipes emerging from them that ran back into the metal machine that encased her. Her body; her human body was as voluptuous as her breasts although with what seemed to be the obligatory narrow waist pulled in by a black suit that covered her head and body below her breasts although it left her sex bare; like Commander Songsten’s companion on the screen the woman’s boots looked like stockings or thigh boots, the feet of which were inserted into the mechanical feet of the exoskeleton. She was mounted astride a narrow saddle and held in place by the black ring that pierced her clitoris and fastened to a steel ring that was part of the machine; there was a harness across her chest and a collar around her neck. Her arms were inserted into the arms of the metal suit, her hands locked into steel gloves. Her mouth was filled by a gag that looked like a horse’s bit and there was some sort of visor across her eyes; a nasal hook distorted her nose.

Isabel watched the woman’s head tilt downwards and then lift again and felt certain that she was about to be taken. Then, suddenly the mechanical exoskeleton pulsed once stilled and the woman’s head lifted. Isabel watched her squirm on the saddle and moan around her gag. The pulse came again and the hoses running from her nipples began to move rhythmically as if the device was milking her.

The woman squirmed more violently, her thighs closing, squeezing the saddle.

‘Yeshh.’ She gasped. ‘Yessh. Shang u Mashter.’

She wriggled again her muscles spasming against her restrained. ‘Shang u… Shir. Bleash led me gum. Bleash…. Oh yeshh…yeshh…yesh…Shang u Mashter.’

The woman shuddered to an obvious and unashamed orgasm jerking against the exoskeleton which now, rather than aid her movements, seemed to hold her completely immobile. As her howls of pleasure died away it seemed that Tiffany could contain herself no longer and convulsed violently on top of Isabel, mewling loudly into her gag and reminding Isabel of her own arousal and possible impending orgasm. As well as the violent bucking of Tiffany on top of her the vibrators inside the buxom redhead were pressing almost directly against Isabel’s sex.

‘Oh fuck!’ Isabel hadn’t meant to say it out loud but she realised she’d been holding her breath and it came out as a low hiss.

‘Swearing violation. Punishment initiated.’

Isabel felt the suit flow across her face and press into her mouth. She tried to keep her lips and teeth pressed together but it didn’t work and quickly, the strange material filled her mouth pushing down her tongue and flowing into her cheeks, forcing her jaw open and bulging out between her lips.

‘Mmmmm.’ Tiffany squirmed clearly relaxed in a warm post orgasm fug, pressing herself against Isabel even more intimately.

Isabel looked up at the strange woman in the exoskeleton towering above her, her own body torn weirdly between climactic terror and sexual arousal feeling as if she were in a dream. Unable to move, to escape; her body pinned by Tiffany’s weight and fear she succumbed to the desperate need to lie back and let her body enjoy the sexual climax that had been building since the suit had engulfed her body and forced her to endure a constant stimulation.

Isabel howled into her gag clasping Tiffany’s against her own and bucking her hips to rip the full pleasure of the suit’s pressure against her sex and the delicious tingle caused by the vibrator.

---

As her climax faded and Isabel opened her eyes and had the strange sensation that the woman in the exoskeleton had turned into Charlotte. She blinked and realised that was exactly what had happened.

‘Wmmmm.’ She tried to speak and found she was still gagged.

‘Aren’t we a naughty girl,’ Charlotte said. ‘Speaking of which…’ She gestured to Priya who stood beside her. Priya was also still gagged; she was still blindfolded too and Isabel realised she had two large black rings piercing her nipples; unlike Tiffany, her breasts were not bare, the rings just stood proud of the suit. Charlotte pointed downward and Isabel lowered her gaze; Priya had a ring piercing her clit too and someone, presumably Charlotte, had tied a length of cord to it and was using it to lead her.

‘How’s our resident sex toy?’ Charlotte said, raising an eyebrow.

Isabel heaved Tiffany up and Charlotte helped the helpless blindfolded girl to her feet.

Something had changed and Isabel realised that Tiffany’s arms were now restrained up behind her neck like the woman’s on the screen had been; the arrangement seemed to make Tiffany’s enormous breasts look even larger; she must be, Isabel thought still intensely aroused; her areolas were hugely swollen and the nipple rings stood out; like Priya, Tiffany now had a clit piercing, a thick black ring which protruded through a hole in the gusset of her suit that stretched tightly between her legs, where it bulged over the bases of the huge plugs that protruded from her sex and anus. The suit rode high on her hips so that when she turned the full roundness of her buttocks was exposed as were the tops of her thighs which swelled over the tops of the tight boots that encased her legs.

There was, Isabel thought, also something about the way the redhead stood; perhaps it was the fact that she could do little else but there was something intensely submissive about her, standing restrained and leashed by her nipples, bent slightly forward which might have been to keep her balance on the hoof-like heels or because of the way her arms were restrained; it looked as if she was displaying her breasts and pushing her fully rounded bottom out behind her, somehow implying she was totally accepting of her helpless state, an animal on heat due to the sexual torment that was being forced upon her.

Isabel climbed to her feet and that’s when she noticed her suit had changed too. Beneath her tightly constricted waist, bottom and the tops of her thighs were completely bare and she too had a ring through her clitoris.

It was probably just as well she was gagged but that didn’t stop her fingers moving to it immediately, feeling the smoothness of the black material between the tips of her gloved fingers. The sheer touch was enough to make her shiver and she wondered that she hadn’t noticed the ring pushing its way into her most sensitive flesh. It didn’t even occur to her that this was way beyond what she might be expected to endure as part of an Escape Room; that a soaking was par for the course in some scenarios or perhaps ending up shut in a cage for an hour; but gagged and pierced?

All she thought was that she’d quite like matching rings in her nipples, especially if they felt this good.

---

The entrance to the service passages were behind the panel that the Worker had opened and turned out to be a maze of narrow corridors barely wider than their shoulders. As Commander Songsten had promised, there was a small palm top which, when Charlotte activated it, contained a personnel file on Professor Kink; there was a photo and some background demographic details; it described him as an ‘ultra-genius’ with doctorates in Medicine, Psychology and Engineering and briefly outlined his work on biomechanical interfaces including development of ‘smart-molecule’ enviro-suits. They were, a linked file explained, completely integrated with the wearer’s biological and psychological milieu and capable of providing to all the wearers needs; suitable for extending physical capability, survival in hostile environments and military applications including maintenance of discipline. There was a footnote suggesting that certain prison authorities were piloting a variation of the suit and preliminary results in terms of offender behaviour had been promising as a result of its ‘carrot and stick’ approach. Another footnote commented on evidence that the suits were far more effective at interacting with women than men and this had led to protests in the research community and allegations of misogyny against the professor.

‘Well, that explains the gags and the bondage,’ Charlotte said. ‘Though I must say it feels very much more ‘carrot’ than ‘stick’ for me at the moment.’ She turned in the tight space, running her hands down her slim athletic body and then playing with her nipples where they poked through the black cones covering the tips of her breasts. ‘How about you Izzy?’

‘Mmmm,’ Isabel nodded. She was still gagged but even if she wasn’t, she might not have told Charlotte that her breasts were still tingling madly and she was trying desperately not to play with the ring in her clit.

‘Well Tiffany’s suit obviously thinks she’s in need of some serious correction,’ Charlotte said. ‘I wonder what she’s done to deserve that?’

’Mmmm,’ Isabel said, gesturing with her head towards the maintenance passages ahead.

---

Charlotte led, trailing Priya behind her on the leash that was tied to her clit ring; although she was leashed and hooded, Priya’s arms were free and she was able to steady herself on the walls, her fingers trailing along the sheer metal surfaces. There was something about the way Priya was walking that told Isabel her friend was enjoying the experience of being lead along like this and probably what the suit was doing to her, something about the way she lifted her feet and placed them, one in front of the other so her hips and black covered bottom swayed. It was something Isabel could relate to as she continued to feel the effects of the ring in her clitoris and the effect of the suit on her nipples; and, although her loins were bare, there was still the thread of suit tight between her buttocks and a plug pushing gently against her anus and sex that threatened to force their way in deeper with every step she took.

Tiffany, trailing behind Isabel as she was led by the nipples, tottered awkwardly in her intense bondage and it was clear that the dildo and butt plugs inside her made every step a sexual torment to her. The redhead had enjoyed at least three intense orgasms, probably multiple orgasms in fact, in the last hour and, Isabel guessed probably needed some respite from the ongoing sexual teasing she seemed to be experiencing.

Again her thoughts turned to her own sexual needs.

It took them some time to navigate the maze of tunnels and frequent dead ends meant they had to reverse direction, Isabel squeezing past Tiffany and Charlotte passed Priya until eventually they maintained a fixed order giving Tiffany’s leash to Priya when Charlotte lead and clipping Priya’s leash to Tiffany’s clit ring when they reversed direction and Isabel lead. Tiffany squirmed and moaned each time Priya’s leash was attached to or removed from her clit, and was soon panting through her nostrils both from the exertion of walking in her strict bondage while only able to breathe through her nose and from the sexual teasing she was enduring.

At one point, the passage became a crawlway which proved difficult for Tiffany without the use of their arms although she wasn’t the only one to catch her leash under her knees. However, blind and helpless and the most voluptuous of the three she sometimes became stuck on a tight corner. Isabel, crawling behind with her had little option but to gently encourage the squirming redhead, pushing against the redhead’s pale freckled bottom. It was unfortunate that at that at one of these moments, the black plugs protruding from Tiffany’s sex and anus began to vibrate and the helpless girl was forced to an orgasm.To Isabel, kneeling behind the tunnel with nothing to do but watch the pale quivering flesh and vibrating plugs and listen to her moans of tormented ecstasy, it seemed to last a frustratingly long time, particularly as it reminded her of her own needs.

Finally, out of the crawlway and back in another narrow corridor, they reached a heavy steel door, Charlotte leading and Isabel bringing up the rear. Although the other girl’s first experience of being gagged as a punishment for swearing had been short-lived, Isabel’s gag showed no sign of moving and the two girls between remained hooded and gagged. Isabel thus had little option but to stand at the back of the line in frustration as Charlotte worked on the logic puzzle that opened the door. It became doubly frustrating when the light above the door pulsed red and Charlotte had to start again.

Isabel could suddenly contain herself no more and began to pull at the black material of the suit where it gagged her.

‘Interference beyond parameters of scenario,’ the voice said. ‘Punishment initiated.’

‘What did I do?’ Charlotte called out. However, it wasn’t Charlotte who was being punished.

Isabel squeaked into her gag as she suddenly felt a pull on her arms, drawing them behind her back. She struggled against the apparently unseen force although she knew it was the suit but it was impossible to resist and, in a moment, her arms were pressed together behind her back, palms touching and elbows squeezed together.

‘Hey, some of us are trying to concentrate.’ Charlotte turned to look at her.

Isabel blushed as she turned to show the blonde what had happened.

‘Oh, I see,’ Charlotte said.

---

‘Unauthorised interference,’ the voice suddenly announced as Charlotte once again failed to access the door. ‘Security protocol initiated.’

It was probably as well that Isabel was still gagged or she might have sworn at Charlotte particularly when, at that moment, Tiffany collapsed to the floor in the throes of another enforced orgasm.

‘Someone else is going to have to do this,’ Charlotte shouted over Tiffany’s cries and she stepped away from the door and kicked it angrily, nearly stumbling over Priya who was crouched consoling and supporting Tiffany as the redhead climaxed strongly again.

‘Punishment initiated,’ the voice said.

‘What the…?’ Charlotte said. ‘Ow!’ Her hand went to her breast.

At that moment, Isabel’s gag finally released her. ‘Charlie…’

’I think my suit just pierced my nipple,’ Charlotte said. ‘Oh! There goes the other one.’ She cupped her breasts, pulling at the suit.

‘Interference beyond parameters of scenario,’ the voice said. ‘Punishment initiated.’

‘Hey,’ Charlotte said. ‘I didn’t ask you to pierce my fucking nipples.’

‘Swearing violation,’ the voice said. ‘Punishment initiated.’

‘Nnnttthh.’

‘Just keep still,’ Isabel said. ‘Let’s not upset it anymore or we’re going to be in serious trouble.’

‘I thing we’re in therious trouble already,’ Charlotte said, turning round.

The suit had blindfolded her shaping over her face like a cowl; instead of a gag, the black material had pierced her tongue causing the blonde to squeal as it formed a ring like those already fixed in Tiffany’s nipples and clit. Isabel watched as Charlotte’s suit continued to reconfigure; apparently thinning and disappearing, reshaping leaving a thick high collar snug around her slender neck and then dividing into strands that fanned out from it radiating across her honey tanned skin to encircle her breasts and then scale them forming a cup over her brown areolas through which her deep brown nipples jutted stretched by their new piercings; below her breasts the strands ran to her navel then fanned out again some running down onto her legs to join thick bands that encircled her toned tapering thighs and another two strands that passed between them, tightening in a way that Isabel guessed would have made Charlotte’s blue cobalt blue widen if she could have seen them.

‘Ith jush gone up my arth,’ Charlotte said, her voice an octave higher than usual as her fingers clawed at the strands of the suit but even as she did so, the gloves moulded so that her hands turned into flippers which attached themselves to the thick bands around her thighs; and then the suit around her arms dissolved into cords like those across here body. That the cords were tight was in little doubt, Charlotte was fit and lean even if she did have a little more flesh than Isabel but the cord drew in her flesh, dimpling it where they confined her.

For a moment, nothing further seemed to happen as if the helpless blonde was somehow resisting her captivity then, her arms were slowly pulled backwards; with her hands still anchored to her thighs by the tips of her fingers it meant that her elbows were gradually drawn together forcing her chest forwards.

‘Ughh!’ Charlotte said, the muscles of her upper body bulging as she strained against her confinement even as her breasts seemed to swell forwards.

There was another pause while the legs of the suit and boots dissolved into black cords leaving her legs otherwise bare down to almost the tips of her toes where the hooves shaped themselves into narrow points.

The helpless blonde staggered but managed to keep her balance, her body arched slightly backwards, hips pushed out, breasts jutting.

Isabel was sure her friend’s nipples had swollen to twice their usual size as a result of the piercing.

‘Oh godth,’ said Charlotte, trembling slightly. ‘Nnth.’

Isabel watched helplessly as a strand of black appeared to run down from Charlotte’s navel across her lower belly and on over her shaved sex.

‘Nthh bleathh.’

The strand disappeared between the blonde’s spread legs and she screamed as it surrounded her clitoris and lifted it then seemed to burrow through it before continuing on.
