---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/liz_phil.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Liz & Phil
authors:
- Unknown
tags:
- MF
- latex
- catsuit
- public
- oral
- sex
- cons
- X
date: 2004-03-20 00:00:00
---

It was to be today that Liz was going to visit me and I could hardly
contain myself. My hand trembled as I took a sip of black coffee; I was
at work as this was a convenient place for us to meet. The phone rang "Phil
it's for you" Bob said, picking up my phone I mumble into the mouth piece
"Phil here".

"There's a young lady to see you, I have sent her up" said
the receptionist. I had hardly put the phone down when the door opens and
in walks Liz. She is wearing a very smart full-length black coat with a
small scarf around her neck and boots.

She makes her way across the office towards me, when the other people
in the office are behind her she allows her coat to slip open. I glimpse
the latex catsuit she is wearing beneath the coat, she slips her knee through
the opening of her coat as we meet and rubs me with it. She gives me a
kiss on the cheek and says, "let's get going then I can't wait to get started".

We say good-bye to the office and make to leave the building, except
I steer Liz into a small room at the far end of the corridor, I check no
one has seen us and shut the door. Turning round I see Liz has slipped
out of her coat and is standing there covered in her tight catsuit, it
hugs all her curves. We seem almost transfixed when suddenly we are together
my hands caressing her body, the latex feels fabulous. We are unable to
control ourselves, my hands slip between her legs searching for the zip
that will allow me entry into her. Her hands are busy on my trousers undoing
the zip, then my belt.

Finding her zip I pull it open and I can feel her
warmth on my hand, she turns round and bends over and I am in her. The
weeks of anticipation of this moment explode into a fury of sex, no gentle
coupling this, our bodies crash together as I take her from behind. I hold
onto her hips as I thrust in and out of her. Looking down I can see the
perfect curves of her body leaning over in front of me the rubber shining
in the light. Our bodies shudder and we both stifle our cries as we come.

Liz turns around and we fall into each other's arms gasping for breath,
we hold onto each other trembling my hand traces over her body as we both
kiss and try to lick each other's lungs. Regaining our composure Liz zips
up the opening between her legs in the catsuit and puts on her coat and
scarf and picks up her bag. Checking that we are both presentable I check
the corridor and we slip out of the building.

We head off into London and do some shopping; Liz takes any opportunity
to give me a glimpse of her latex covered body. While standing in a queue
I slip my hand beneath her coat and fondle her body when suddenly her hand
starts massaging me between the legs. We are tight up against each other
face to face so no one can see what we are doing, we are lost in each others
gaze. Suddenly we are aware of the cashier shouting, "Next Please !" Slightly
embarrassed we untangle ourselves and pay for our goods and leave.

In the next shop as we are leaving Liz needs to "powder her nose", so
I wait outside for her. The door to the ladies room opens and a latex covered
foot and then calf come into view followed by a hand which then beckons
me in. Entering I find Liz standing there looking absolutely gorgeous in
her catsuit. "There is no one in here" she says "and look there is a bolt
on the door".

Slipping the bolt across she wraps her heavenly legs around
mine and we start to kiss. Our breathing gets faster and faster as we kiss
each other, again the weeks spent in anticipation were hard to control
and we were soon finding each others zips. Unzipping her opening I insert
my fingers into her and started to work on her, she was incredibly moist.
We really could not control ourselves Liz turned around and I was thrusting
in and out of her. This time Liz forgot herself and let out a scream as
her body shuddered in orgasm.

"Are you all right in there dear" came a
call from outside. Making ourselves respectable Liz undid the bolt and
we walked outside arm in arm. "Well I never, how disgusting. Did you see
that she had a man in there with her, I don't know what they think they
were up to" said the woman. As we turned the corner we burst into laughter
and then ran outside.

Late afternoon we made our way to the Hotel and booked in. Once in the
room Liz removed her coat and got onto the bed. I took some photographs
of her as she posed for me, she had a great body which looked very erotic
in her shiny black catsuit.

It was not long before we were kissing and petting each other on the
bed. I ran my fingers over her latex covered body, shivers ran through
me as I did. Liz started to push my head away in the direction of her crotch.
She gave a little wriggle and bent her legs at the knees. Putting my head
between her legs I could see she had put the lace through the eyelet's
either side of the zip. Using my teeth I slowly undid the lace and pulled
it out, I then found the zipper and gripping it with my teeth pulled it
open. I started to search inside her with my tongue, I took more time than
I needed to find the spot as I wanted to tease her a little. When I hit
the target her body tensed slightly as my tongue touched it. I went to
work caressing her sex with my tongue, I really just wanted to get up and
penetrate her straight away. But I stayed with my face buried between her
legs using my tongue to work on her, she squeezed her legs against my head.

I was absolutely rock hard I could hardly control myself when she arched
her back and started to pull at my hair. I put my finger into her and continued
massaging her, I then raised myself up the bed. Positioning myself between
her legs I exchanged my fingers with my now aching rock hard penis and
slowly started to move it in and out of her. The desire to thrust faster
and faster was overpowering but I somehow managed to control myself and
kept up the slow thrusts. Liz gave out little whimpers as I moved in and
out of her, her latex covered body felt wonderful beneath me.

Slowly Liz
required the tempo to rise and we got faster and faster, again I had to
fight back the temptation to accelerate away. Liz then started to cry out
louder and started to thrust upwards towards me, we increased the tempo.
Our bodies started to shudder with ecstasy when suddenly Liz arched her
back and gave out several loud screams, I exploded in her and my body went
rigid. We collapsed back on the bed and I held her rubber covered body
and gently caressed her hair as we kissed.

When we had recovered I helped Liz out of her latex catsuit, the zip
is laced over and this needs to be undone before she can take it off. With
the catsuit off she seemed more vulnerable standing there totally naked,
her body was very beautiful. After our shower Liz came and sat on the bed
with her back to me, her shoulder was very inviting so I lent slightly
forward and slowly kissed it. She put her hand up and pulling her hair
to one side she bent her head forward. I then started to kiss the offered
neck, with my right hand I slowly traced the curves of her delicate breasts.
As my hand circled her breasts the back of my thumb would just catch her
nipple, causing a very slight tremble to pass through her body. Liz then
swiveled round and our lips met and we fell back onto the bed. Our tongues
met and danced in each others mouth.

With my right hand I traced down the curves of her body and then up
her thigh. Her leg was bent at the knee with her thigh pointing up so on
the return journey the back of my hand traced the inside of her thigh.
My hand traveled this path several times always avoiding the area between
her legs. On one of these travels as my hand got near her breast I transferred
my lips to her nipple, and my hand to her breast. Her nipple was not fully
erect so I very gently sucked and it rose and started to harden. I then
took her nipple 'oh so gently' in my teeth and gave a very very gentle
squeeze. Her nipple responded and became very hard, I then gently circled
her tight nipple with my tongue.

Moving back to her mouth we kissed with renewed passion, my hand started
to trace its path up and down her body very slowly again. I then did the
same to her other breast and nipple and afterwards our mouths met again
and my hand started to draw up and down her body. I continued like this
for an age enjoying every moment. Then as my hand started its return journey
up her body Liz took hold of it and pushed my hand in between her legs.
Inserting my finger into her warm moist depths I started to caress her
there. Her breathing became faster I moved my mouth to her breast and started
to circle her nipple with my tongue and gently suck at it.

My finger kept working away at her all the time, she writhed on the
bed in pleasure and gave out a little whimper. Liz suddenly pushed at my
head pushing me downwards, as I moved she raised her hips and pulled a
pillow under her behind. This raised her up and allowed me easier access
with my tongue which started to massage her erect clitoris. Her hands held
my head as if she were afraid I would remove it too soon, her writhing
became stronger and the groans louder. Suddenly she was pulling at my hair,
she wanted me inside her.

Again I put my finger inside her as I moved up
the bed, guiding my erect penis with my hand I entered her body. The movement
was slow and deliberate at first then Liz demanded more speed our bodies
found a rhythm which they pounded out on the bed. Faster and faster we
got, Liz was groaning in pleasure suddenly she arched her body and convulsed
in spasms as she came. Suddenly my body went rigid and convulsions passed
through my body, I hardly had the strength to hold my self up anymore.
I slipped off Liz and we embraced each other our hearts were pounding and
we were both breathing heavily. We kissed and stayed there in our embrace
while we recovered from our exertions.

The time had gone far too quickly and it was time for us to leave, we
dressed quickly, Liz in jeans and jumper which she had brought with her.
We made our way to Waterloo station with a few moments to spare before
the last EuroStar that night was due to leave. We kissed and Liz walked
through the barrier and got on the train, she waived and blew me a kiss
before disappearing inside. As I made my way back up the motorway from
London to my home, I wondered how long it would be before Liz would visit
me again. Or maybe I might get invited to visit her and perhaps meet her
friend Sarah.

Now that would be an interesting story.
