---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Billy 7
authors:
- Lobo De la Sombra
tags:
- M2f
- transform
- F-f
- tease
- toys
- insert
- oral
- climax
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Billy 6**](billy6.html))

Part 7

“Isn’t that a nice ass?”

“Hey now.” Smiling, Billie aimed a playful swat at Jackie’s ass. “You’re not supposed to be staring at girls’ asses.”

“Only yours, dear,” Jackie replied teasingly. “And besides, I was talking about that guy she’s with.”

As Jackie continued to ogle the guy across the room, Billie watched her, inwardly pleased that she’d made the adjustment so well. From the unhappy, despondent girl who’d come home from her change, she’d become this happy, lively young woman. Billie couldn’t be happier for her friend.

Sipping her soda, Billie glanced around The Nineteen. A special club, The Nineteen only allowed nineteen-year-olds, who’d undergone the legally required gender change, to enter. Here they could relax, talk, dance, and share their experiences. Billie and Jackie had been spending their Saturday evenings here since Jackie’s probation had ended, nearly two months ago.

It was a normal crowd for a Saturday night. Glancing around, Billie spotted Robert, looking unhappy as he eyed the other guys around him. Here and there, Billie could see others, male and female, who hadn’t been able to adjust to their new gender. Mostly, though, it was a normal crowd, guys and gals mingling, some of them pairing off. Now and then, a couple, guy and girl, would slip out the door. Billie smiled, well aware of what they had in mind. One of these days, she knew, it would be her slipping out, some guy’s arm around her waist, looking for a quiet place.

“We need to talk.” Turning her attention away from the crowd, Billie looked into Jackie’s serious eyes.

“What’s wrong, hon?”

Jackie shook her head. “Not here,” she said. “Let’s go to my place.” Nodding, Billie threw some money on the table to pay for the soda, then allowed Jackie to lead her to the door.

Something was bothering her friend, Billie knew, and she began to worry, hoping Jackie wasn’t backsliding. It could happen, after all, and Billie found herself hoping fervently that it didn’t happen this time.

“Okay, hon, what’s wrong?” Leaning against the foot of Jackie’s bed, Billie gazed worriedly at her friend, seated at the other end. For a moment, Jackie fussed with her skirt, then raised her head to lock her brown eyes with Billie’s worried blue ones.

“I saw you,” she declared. “At the club. You were looking for guys. For possible sex partners. For you. And for me, I know it, so don’t deny it.”

“Jackie…..” Billie paused. True, she had been looking, but no more than Jackie had been. Billie took a deep breath. “Yes,” she said, “I was looking at guys. At them, not for them.”

“You told me I could wait till I was ready,” Jackie said accusingly.

“And you can,” Billie replied. “I’m not trying to rush you, hon, and if it feels like I am, I’m sorry.”

“I just don’t think I’m ready,” Jackie said sullenly.

Billie eyed her friend with concern. In the nearly three months since she came home, Jackie had become, in every way, a young woman. Mentally and emotionally, as well as physically, she was female. Yet she still carried an innate fear of taking that next step. “Sex with a guy” had become like a phobia for her.

“Jackie, hon,” she said carefully, “it’s ok. When you’re ready, you’ll do it. Not until.”

Jackie eyed her suspiciously. “You won’t tie me to the bed for some guy, will you?” she asked. “Like you did when you used that double dildo on me?”

Unable to resist, Billie smiled at the memory. “If you’ll recall,” she pointed out, “I didn’t actually use it on you until you admitted that you did want it. If you’d said no, it wouldn’t have happened. And you did enjoy it.”

Jackie bobbed her head sheepishly. “No,” she corrected, “I LOVED it. And I love you for doing it.” She grinned. “Even if you were a devious slut to do it that way.”

Billie returned the grin, then grew serious. “Hon,” she said softly, “I swear, on anything you want me to swear on, I won’t do anything to force you to have sex with a guy before you’re good and ready.”

“You swear?”

“Cross my heart,” Billie replied, her hand making an “X” motion over her chest.

“Hands off those tits,” Jackie ordered, her mood suddenly turning humorous. “Nobody touches them but me, you hear?”

Laughing, Billie crawled to the head of the bed and hugged her friend, then rose and drew Jackie to her feet. Removing Jackie’s clothes, Billie then dressed her in her (Jackie’s) favorite night gown, then eased her back onto the bed. Quickly, Billie changed into her own night gown, then slipped into the bed beside her friend where, once the lights were turned out, the two girls quickly fell asleep.

“I just can’t explain it,” Jackie said. Today, the two girls sat at their favorite café, dawdling over lunch. Taking a bite from her sandwich, Billie let her silence encourage her friend to continue.

“I mean, it’s not like I don’t want to,” Jackie said. “I do. Sometimes I get wet just looking at the bulges some of those guys carry around the club every Saturday night. But it’s like, every time I think of being with a guy, something in me freezes up. I don’t understand, and it’s driving me crazy.”

“It’s ok, hon,” Billie said patiently. “You’ll get it all worked out.”

“Will I?” Jackie looked doubtful.

“Of course you will. Jackie, think about it. You were a guy for eighteen years. You spent eighteen years being taught that, for you, sex with a guy was wrong. I know your dad, remember? He’s so hetero, I bet even his pubic hair is straight.”

Jackie gave a startled laugh. “You are bad,” she said mock-seriously. “You are so very bad.”

“But I’m right,” Billie insisted, “and you know it.”

“Maybe so,” Jackie mused, using a french fry to draw abstract doodles in the ketchup on her plate. “But you’re not having any trouble. And your dad’s just as hetero as mine is. But it doesn‘t bother you. You‘re actually looking forward to it.”

“That’s different, hon,” Billie said. “I had something you don’t have to help me.”

“Oh? What did you have that I don’t?”

“You.” At Jackie’s stunned look, Billie smiled and explained. “You were there with me, and for me, to help make sure I wasn’t afraid of guys. You let me see your cock, touch it, even play with it. And you never once tried to force me into anything.”

“Well, there was that first time…….”

“Shush,” Billie said warningly. “We’re not going to talk about that. The point is, you were there for me, a guy who I knew liked me, respected me, even cared about me. You let me be with a guy on my own terms, and at my own pace. I can’t do that for you, and I really wish I could.”

“Billie, don’t. You’ve done more for me than I could ever repay. If it weren’t for you, I might still be hiding in my room, wearing that ugly old robe, afraid of what I was and what I might become. Now look at me.” Jackie stood and spun in place, making her short skirt flair up. As it did, Billie caught a brief glimpse that informed her there were no panties underneath. Finishing her spin, Jackie wavered for a second, then dropped back into her chair.

“Look at me,” she said again. “I like being a girl. I like this body. And I love the way you make it feel.” Suddenly, she became serious. “And maybe that’s part of the problem.”

“What do you mean?” Billie asked.

“Maybe you’ve been too good to me,” Jackie said softly. “You’re ready, you want to be with a guy, you’re just waiting for me to be ready too. I know you are, so don’t deny it. When I have my first time, you’ll have yours, not before”.

“And maybe that’s what’s wrong. When you have your first time, you’ll be with a guy. And I don’t think I want to share you with a guy.”

Seeing Billie’s shocked look, Jackie gave her a little smile. “It’s ok,” she said. “I’ll get over that. It’s just something else I have to deal with. I mean, sharing you doesn’t mean losing you, right?”

“Never,” Billie said with conviction, taking Jackie’s hand in her own.

“See?” Jackie’s smile grew a bit wider. “And this time next year, we’ll both be guys again. We’ll both find girlfriends, sex between us will be a thing of the past.” She squeezed Billie’s hand. “And we’ll be closer friends, better friends, than we could ever have been if this year had never happened.”

Rising, she drew Billie to her feet. “Now,” she said, “take me home and fuck me till my eyes roll up and I look like a zombie in a movie.”

Laughing, Billie allowed herself to be led from the café. Jackie, she knew, was going to be okay. The simple fact that she could admit to her fears meant she could deal with them. Which meant the rest of the year was going to be very interesting. For both of them.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=433.0)

10.02.12

story continues in [**Billy 8**](billy8.html)

o0o
