---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Livin’ the Mummy Dream 3: Enter Sheila'
authors:
- Mumman
tags:
- M/ff
- mum
- wrap
- board
- nipple
- toys
- tease
- mast
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2010-08-21 00:00:00
---

continued from [part 2](livingthemummydream2.html)
Part 3: Enter Sheila

She ravenously ate the bites of Shrimp Scampi as quickly as he could put them into her mouth, between his bites and sips of the Chablis wine. She was angled upright on the memory-foam body-board, her raised arms and hands and spread legs and feet wrapped and taped immovably down to the appendage sections. Her entire body is covered and tightly compressed to the table with her pierced nipples sticking out. She is anxious to call her half-sister about coming out to L.A. from upstate New York after her surprising and shocking phone-call. Her 18th birthday is 10 days away, her biggest wish to “get tied-up real good!” Disneyland and all other attractions are secondary to her, the little bondage freak!

They are both in an excited semi-state of shock, thinking of how they’ll have to accommodate her. As they start to get over the shock, both are seeing what fun this will be! Her regular routine will be disrupted but she’ll have a new bondage play-mate. He’ll have a new and very willing bondage subject to bind up! As he feeds her, he thinks of the wonderful, sexy possibilities of wrapping and tying them up together. New fantasies pop up in both their minds as they finish their meal. She’s quite used to him coming home and feeding her while still helplessly tightly wrapped up. He gives her more white wine, holding the glass to her mouth as she dribbles a bit. She still wears the tight white cervical collar. He wipes her mouth and chin.

“Well, Gina, things are about to get a little complicated and disrupted around here for awhile, but I think we can accommodate her very well!”

“Yes, Mark, it will be weird, but the more I think about it, the more excited I get! Let’s call her now on my cell phone! Put it on speaker!”

“OK.” He hits the auto-dial for her sister and holds it up near her head.

Sheila answers quickly. “I’ve been waiting for your call, sis! I’m so excited!!”

“Yeah, me too, sis! That’s real nice of Dad!”

“Yeah, he’s super! But I wonder if he’s trying to get rid of me! He says to see how long you two can put up with me, then he’ll buy the ticket back! Then he jokes, ‘maybe you’ll become a Cali-girl!’ Who knows, Gina!”

They look at each other and don’t know what to say.

“I wouldn’t take advantage of you guys, unless you let me! L.O.L.! But me and Dad have been having some issues lately. It’s like he thinks I’m still a little girl sometimes! He found a pack of cigarettes in my jacket and freaked out! He doesn’t like that I’m out with friends late sometimes. Of course he doesn’t like that I’m having sex, even though I’m on birth-control, and doesn’t like that I drink a little sometimes! Then there’s the tattoos and piercings! Sound familiar, Gina??”

“Ha. Yeah, it sure does! I guess I was your role-model. Dad worries too much and tries to control things, but he means well. He either forgets when he was a teenager or doesn’t want us to make the same mistakes he did.”

“Well, he needs to realize to each her own and stop trying to control me! But now he’s giving me this great trip and I’m so psyched!! My birthday’s in 10 days, next Friday. I can fly out to L.A.X. next Wednesday, around 3:00! How’s that?”

“Alright. One or both of us will pick you up!”

“Yes!! Is Mark listening?”

“Hi, Sheila.”

“Hi, Mark! Thank-you for having me visit and for everything you’ve done for my sister! She’s living her dream out there with you! Did you hear my message?”

“Yes. You want a very special birthday present!”

“I sure do! You and Gina think of a special way to fix me up! I want a real ultimate, incredible experience! I wanna be so tightly bound up, I can’t move, and I want to have vibrator orgasms! Yeah, I’m a crazy bondage chick like my sister! I wanna be tied up with her too! Use your great imaginations, you two!”

“We will.” they say almost in unison. They laugh.

“Oh, thank-you sooo much!! You guys are the bomb! I’m so excited!! See you next Wednesday! I’ll give you the flight number! Love you! ‘Bye!”

They say good-bye and look at each other. They sigh. “She’s really a trip, Mark! She’s a stubborn, fiery red-head who always wants to get her way!”

“Well, she’ll get her way, but let’s see how she can handle it! Don’t worry that anything personal or sexual would ever happen between her and me, Gina. You know you’re my one and only!”

“I know, Mark. Thank-you so much for being accommodating to her. I know it will be weird and disruptive of our routines for awhile, but I believe it’ll really be fun!”

“Me too. We’ll accommodate her alright!”

She chuckles. “So I believe you mentioned jacking up my vibrators and sucking your cock??”

He grins and begins taking off his clothes. “Yes, dessert time, dear!”

He turns up her vibrators to the max and unlocks the table, pivoting her forward. He gets on the reclining bench and grabbing her locked and splinted raised arms, lowers her head to his swelling head as she gets revved up. She eagerly takes his hardening cock into her mouth as he lowers her, forcing his member deeply toward the back of her throat as she sucks and tongues him fervently. She expertly controls her gag-reflex. She moans as the vibrators do their work. He moans as she does hers with alacrity. He begins bouncing her up and down rapidly as she squeals and takes his big fully-erect cock deeply, sucking hard on it and sliding her pierced tongue along his shaft. He loves the feeling of the stainless steel ball-post rubbing him. She is cock-gagged to the max and loving it.

Her explosion builds up in her wet, vibrating pussy as his builds up inside her luscious, stimulating mouth. She sucks harder and moans in high-pitch as she orgasms hard, screaming through her nose. Then he cums in huge spurting spasms at the back of her throat, hollering out in ecstasy. She continues sucking hard and swallowing all the tasty sperm fluid she can as he slows her up and down motions, impaling her oral cavity deeply with his large cock. She continues sucking to get every last cum drop out of him, swallowing it and climaxing again, hollering between swallows. A little of the white fluid escapes her clamped, sexy lips around his wide shaft.

“That’s right, baby, finish up all your dessert! Aahhh!”

She chuckles and sucks him dry. He finally raises her up off his softening cock, pushing her up to admire her beautiful face and thick, messy hair. She licks her lips to get the residue cum and swallows, smacking her lips. “Mmmm! Good! Salty!” They beam at each other. She has been very thorough and there is very little semen on him.

“Good job, hon!” he commends her.

“Well, dessert was delicious! Wanted to finish it all! Oooh-oooohh!” She climaxes again as the vibrators do their orgasmic job. She strains to move her head in the tight tall cervical collar, as it is the only thing she can move. “Aaahh, yeah!!” Her rigid form shakes and quivers as he watches her, still holding her up by her trapped, outstretched arms. He smiles at her, madly in love-lust.

“What a woman!” he thinks. More orgasms wrack her tightly-racked body as she makes wonderful sexy noises. She moans and drools as he finally pushes her upright, having thoroughly enjoyed her bound orgasmic performance. He turns down the vibrators as she pants and sighs in relief. They smile at each other as he cleans up. “More Chablis, Dear?”

“Yeah, please.” He fills her glass and tips it to her mouth as she takes a few big gulps.

“Thanks!” Her constricted stomach gurgles.

“You’re welcome, Dear. And thank-you!”

“You’re ‘well-cum’, hon!” she puns. He chuckles.

“Your piss-bag is pretty full! I’ll change it after I tether you up by your titties!”

She sighs. She’s been stuck in this position for about 10 hours now, but it’s his game tonight. He tilts her back and gets thin cords which he loops through her nipple rings. He moves over the nipple-bar and locks her angle in at about 45 degrees. He ties the cords to the bar and unlocks the table. Her weight takes it back, pulling the cords taut, stretching her nipples out nicely. She moans in her nipple-ringed, immobilized suspension as he clamps off her catheter and flushes the collection bag’s contents. He hooks up a new one.

“How’s your vibe settings, dear?”

“Turn them up a little, please. I’d like more wine, please.” He obliges.

He fills her glass back up and sticks a straw in it. She drinks a lot and is feeling a bit inebriated. Her stomach gurgles more. “OK, Love, just one more thing!” He gets a length of twine. “Stick that wonderful tongue out!” She does and he ties it to the piercing post on top of her tongue. He pulls it and ties it to her nipple bar, removing all slack as she moans.

“Thanth” she lisps sarcastically.

“You’re welcome! I’ll see you in a while! Think about what we’ll do with your sister!” Downstairs he goes. She struggles to move for the hell of it. The vibrators are getting her aroused and the pulling on her strung-up nipples and tongue stimulates her. She starts to think about Sheila. She imagines being intimately, inextricably tied and wrapped-up with her. A big, long double-dildo enters the picture, embedded deeply in their pussies. She sighs. She imagines being tightly bound to her sister in a 69 position, heads at each other’s hot, wet crotch with probing tongues. Her fantasy is 8-10 days away, as is her sister’s. Her imagination runs wild. The vibrators buzz. She cums.

Her days pass pretty much in the customary, bound, immobilized fashion. She wonders what kind of stamina and tolerance her sister would have for tough, long-term mummified immobilization. She becomes obsessed with her kindred kinky sibling. It’s nice they’re about the same size, her sister being about an inch shorter than her at 5’ 6”. She’s also slim and shapely, though with smaller breasts. She marvels at how much they’re alike. How much of it is her influence on her? She calls her up on the weekend after a particularly long, hot, grueling mummy-session that she had specially requested.

“Hey sis! Been thinkin’ about your visit a lot!”

“Oh, yeah, Gina! I’m just psyched out of my mind!”

“We’re both really happy you’re coming out! Especially considering our uh, shared proclivities, shall we say?”

“Yeah, it’s so freakin’ cool, sis! It’ll be awesome!”

“So, Wednesday we’ll pick you up at the airport. We can go out to dinner at a nice place, then-“

“Then take me home and tie me up!” she interrupts. “I just can’t wait!! I wanna be all wrapped up, taped-down and gagged so I can’t move! I want you to vibrate me with the high-speed wand vibrator stuck in my crotch! OK??”

She chuckles. “Wow, Sheila, you’re really hot to trot, girl!”

“Oh, Gina, I’m rubbin’ myself right now thinkin’ about it!”

“Well, aren’t we like two peas in a pod?? Speaking of which, I’ve thought a lot about being tied-up with you, sis, since you brought it up! I must admit, the thought turns me on! Not that I’m a lesbian, Sheila-“

“Oh, me too, Gina! I’ve never been tied-up with or been with a girl before, but to be tied-up and wrapped-up with you, ‘cause it seems we’re so much alike…oh, it just gets me hot!”

“Well, Sheila, it is scary how much we’re alike! I feel the same! I know Mark will really enjoy it! We’ve discussed it and we’re both gonna be in for some amazing experiences!”

“Oh, God, Gina! It’ll be so great!!”

“Yes, it will, you little bondage slut! Ha! Imagine if Dad heard this??”

“Uh-uh! No way!”

“He’ll just think you’re out here sight-seeing and stuff, which we will do some of for sure! Well, just a few more days, and we’ll really be havin’ some fun, sis!”

----------------------------

Wednesday arrives and they go to the airport to pick her up. She flies into her sister’s waiting arms and gives her a big hug and kiss, then Mark, towering above her. She is positively beaming and all a-twitter, her gorgeous blue eyes sparkling. Her beautiful long, thick red hair shimmers. She has a nose and an eyebrow piercing. She wears tight blue-jeans, wedge sandals and a tight red top. They compliment each other on how great they look. Gina is a stunning flaxen-haired vision in skin-tight blue-jeans tucked into her tight 5” heeled spiky black leather boots and tight black leotard top. They grab her multitude of luggage and head toward the S.U.V., her youthful exuberance overflowing. Off they go to one of their favorite restaurants for a sumptuous meal and drink. The waiter, whom they’re familiar with, discretely refrains from asking for I.D. from her sister as they all order wine, for which he shall receive a larger tip.

They have a happy, wonderful meal and he rewards the grateful waiter very generously. “So, Sheila,” Mark says, “where should we to go now to sight-see and maybe shop, to Hollywood, The Walk of the Stars, Rodeo Drive…?” They both look at her in the back seat and she looks back and forth at them.

“Uh, not now…Gina, did you tell him?” They both burst out laughing. “Oh, OK! Ha-ha-ha! Home, Mark!” she orders haughtily. “To the bondage suite, tout suite!”

They laugh. “Yes, Ma’am!”

They arrive and lug all her bags in. “What’s all this, your whole wardrobe?” Gina asks.

“Practically. Don’t know how long I’ll be staying!” How long, indeed, Gina wonders.

They get her set up in the guest bedroom. She’s happy she has her own bath adjacent to it. She admires the spacious condo as they show her around. Upstairs, her eyes light up. Set up there is the narrow, padded mummification table with plastic wrap, vet-wrap, duct-tape, cervical collar and long rubber gloves lying on it, along with the large rounded Hitachi vibrator. A large ball-gag and a smaller one are there, a tall and a medium cervical collar and a padded blindfold. She runs over like an excited child going to open her Christmas presents. They smile.

“Alright! This will be great!! Let’s get going!” She unabashedly undresses quickly. Her figure is sexy-slim. They notice her new tattoos on her lower-back and upper-arm. They especially notice her newest piercings. “Surprise! Just had my nipples pierced with my graduation money! You two helped a lot with your nice contribution! Thanks again!”

They nod and look at each other bemusedly. “You’re welcome!”

She picks up the large ball-gag and nods approvingly. “OK! I’d like you to wrap my legs together with the vet-wrap, with the vibrator stuck hard in my crotch with the control sticking out so you can adjust it! Then plastic-wrap me down real tight to the table and duct-tape me down real good! Wrap my head up with the vet-wrap! Make sure I can’t fucking move, OK?”

“OK, Sheila” they say almost in unison.

“I want to go all the way! I’m sure I’ll get noisy, but I want the full juice! Just turn it up every 30 seconds or so!” She jams the big ball-gag in between her teeth and works it all the way in, with some effort. She moans in excitement and buckles the wide strap tightly behind her head. She fastens the tall cervical collar tightly about her slim neck with the Velcro fastener. She puts the over-bicep-length rubber gloves on, and with her sister’s help, rolls the powdered tight black gloves all the way up her arms. Gina gives her ear-plugs to put in to add to the sensory deprivation and puts the blindfold on her. She is already swooning as she lies down on the narrow memory-foam mummy-table. She jams the big Hitachi vibrator hard against her crotch and clit, holding it tightly as he wraps her legs tightly together, and the vibrator in place, the end sticking out. He has cushioned between her knees and ankles.

She lies there still with her arms down, breathing rapidly and noisily. She moans excitedly as he begins wrapping her tightly down, beginning with her pointed feet, progressing up her legs and around the vibrator with the strong, clear plastic wrap, overlapping it up over her hips, stomach, heaving breasts and shoulders and going back down to her feet, compressing her into the thick memory-foam. She squeals in delight at her first full mummification immobilization. Gina begins lovingly, carefully wrapping her entire head and neck-collar down to the cushioned board with the vet-wrap as he begins the tight, solid duct-tape application from feet to shoulders, and back down. She is already practically climaxing as she feels the tight, utter and complete immobilization, breathing very hard, constricted breaths. It feels incredible! This is like a dream!

“OK, Sheila,” she says, “I know you’re super-excited, and this is all new to you! You need to try to calm down a little, as you’re practically hyper-ventilating, OK?”

“MM-HMM!”

“We’re going to let you get acclimated for awhile, to make sure you’re OK! If at any time you need release, hum a little tune and we’ll cut you out quickly. After you’re breathing better, I’ll start the vibrator. This will get very intense! You’ve been real anxious for this, but we’ll have to be careful! I’ll start real low, and gradually turn it up about every 30 seconds. I’ll keep asking you if you’re doing OK as we go along. You doing OK now?”

“Mmm-HMMM!” She is on a super-bondage high, reveling in this amazing experience. She tries to move any part of her crushingly-bound body and is delighted at the impossibility of doing so. This is exactly what she wanted! She feels the vibrator head pressed hard against her clit and tries to move her hips. No movement at all. She is totally blind and the huge ball-gag stretches her mouth and jaw to the max. She could almost cum! They watch her as she continues breathing hard for a good while before finally moderating her breaths. She moans in mummified ecstasy, sweating.

Gina remembers her first time like this under his super-tight wraps. It was absolute nirvana, exactly how her sister feels now, but she didn’t have a vibrator stuck in there. That was for the 2nd time. She didn’t want to be released and swooned in his incredible tight embrace for almost 5 hours. How long could her sister endure? She’s quite a determined, stubborn one, she thinks.

She gets well-acclimated to the crushing bondage, pressed down well into the thick memory-foam padding, adding to the feeling of complete cocooning. She makes a noise, attempting to signal to her sister to start the vibrator. “Ready, Sheila?” She makes a loud affirmative sound. “OK, girl, here we go!”

She switches it on to low-vibe, pressing down on it as her sister emits a small excited squeal. After about 30 seconds she turns it up a little, asking her how that feels. She makes a loud affirmative noise and encourages her further. Another 30 seconds, another power boost. She is quite noisily aroused as her pussy juices start to flow and her clit is all a-quiver. She makes high-pitched sexy noises that remind Mark of her sister. They look at each other and smirk. His crotch arousal becomes obvious. He puts his hands up to her and gestures like “Hey, can’t help it!”

She turns it up a notch, and Sheila screams as she cums in an amazing, shaking, rippling orgasm. She screams through her nose as it continues ravaging her. “You OK??” She answers in the affirmative as her senses reel and she tenses her muscles to dissipate the orgasmic energy. “You sure??” She gives the OK. She hasn’t “cum” this far to stop short of getting the full blast! She turns it up to full-power as her clit vibrates into over-drive and she hollers as a torrential wet, pulsating climax overwhelms her, her juices gushing out. Her stiff form shudders and shakes tremulously as it wracks her to the soul. She squeals and mews loudly, breathing very hard. Her mind and senses are reeling but she is loving it! This is so incredible!! she thinks.

“Had enough, Sheila??”

“MM-MMM!” she hollers as the powerful vibrations assault her over-stimulated crotch. Her sister keeps it pressed hard against her wet twat, shocking her clit and pussy into hyper-stimulation, shaking her to the core. She screams in mindless bound orgasmic delirium.

“Done now?!?”

“MMM-MMMHH!”

She and Mark look concernedly at each other, but she’s getting what she wants! Multiple orgasms assail her, blowing her mind. Her stiff form trembles and convulses as she feels electrified. She hollers and screams, practically hyper-ventilating, prompting Gina to slowly turn it down as she barely notices, still cumming. She is in orgasmic outer-space, feeling like she is floating away in her tight super-stimulating bondage capsule. She shuts it off as the final spasms tremor through her. She tenses and attempts to move against the unyielding super-tight wraps, moaning loudly, feeling hot and super-high, her position completely unaltered.

“Well, sis, that was pretty amazing, huh?!”

“MM-HMMM!”

“Quite a first test, girl! Are you OK?”

“Mm-HMM!” Her hot breaths slow down as she feels absolutely euphoric and wrung-out. Oh what a feeling! She moans, giggles and vocalizes happily as they watch her and smile.

“This is your game, your pre-birthday present, Sheila! Just rest for awhile now. We’ll keep a watch on you.”

She utters a ball-gagged “Thank-you!” She is in mummified nirvana, relishing every moment of this wonderful experience, not nearly ready for it to end.

Gina motions to Mark to go across the big master-suite. “Mark, making her cum like that made me so hot! I nearly came myself!” He nods and smiles. “How about a 2-fer, like we discussed?”

“Sounds like fun!”

“OK, but don’t over-do it with her, though she shows a high tolerance.”

“Don’t worry.”

“I am just amazed at how much we’re alike! She’s a total bondage freak! OK, let’s get my tilting bondage table out. Do me up real tight as usual and stick the other Hitachi vibrator down hard on my clit. Then give us both the juice, slowly turning it up, OK?”

“OK, hon. We’re sure enjoying your sister’s visit already!” he says with a big grin.

“Yeah. Look at her. She’s just loving it!” Sheila moans rapturously.

He chuckles. “Right. Let’s get you set up, Hummy!”

They go over and she whispers loudly into her sister’s plugged and wrapped ear. “OK, sis, I’m gonna join you on this special occasion! Getting you off made me horny! I’m getting wrapped and taped-up next to you. We’re gonna get vibrated together! First, I’ll carefully cut around your lovely nipple rings just enough to attach a couple nipple vibrators to them for some added stimulation.”

“MMM-HMMM!” she squeals.

“I knew you’d like that! It was great fun to vibrate you, now it’s Mark’s turn to do us both!” She squeals enthusiastically.

Very soon Gina is completely wrapped and duct-taped down super-tightly on her shaped, out-spread limbs padded body board, ball-gagged, neck-braced, ear-plugged and blindfolded, her head wrapped down like her sister’s in snug vet-wrap. She cannot move a muscle. The big vibrator is wrapped and taped tightly against her crotch, and nipple vibrators are attached to her protruding nipple-rings. She feels as excited as ever, and Mark is very excited about getting them both off at the same time.

They both breathe heavily in eager anticipation. Gina is also in the horizontal prone position as he stands between them. He flicks on their nipple vibrators to full-speed as they get excited. He also flicks on the video camera he has set up. “OK, ladies, get ready! I’m going to turn these vibrators up a notch at a time, real slowly! I think we should have a little contest!” Gina moans, knowing his predilection for game-playing. “Who can take it for the longest?” Sheila moans excitedly. “If one of you really hyper-ventilates, that’s it. There has to be some limit! The first one to start humming ‘Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star’ loses. The winner gets…whatever bondage scenario suits her fancy! Whatever fantasy you can conjure up in your crazy bondage imaginations, I’ll do my best to make reality! OK, here we go, ladies!” He is thoroughly enjoying this as he turns the powerful vibrators on simultaneously with each hand at low speed, pressing each harder into their moist crotches. Their resultant moaning is sweet music to his ears.

He intends to savor and prolong this for as long as possible. He’s in no hurry! They both moan in sexual arousal. Ten minutes go by before he turns them up a notch, as they turn up their gagged moaning and mewing correspondingly, tensing their muscles. He gets very aroused and lets go of the tightly trapped vibrators to let his pants and shorts down. He gets a condom and rolls it onto his throbbing penis, lightly stroking it. After ten minutes he turns the vibrators up another notch, pressing down on them. They both yelp and tense and shudder. Sheila hollers out as a moderately strong orgasm comes upon her. Gina soon follows suit. He keeps the pressure on as they squeal and yelp and cum some more. Now it’s his turn! He lets go and strokes his latex-sheathed cock vigorously, cumming soon in big spurts, trying to be as quiet as possible.

His immobilized sexy subjects calm down a little, anticipating the higher settings. He recovers, leaving the filled condom on, and after ten minutes have elapsed, turns the vibrators up a notch, applying pressure. Now they’re getting into the red zone! They both moan and squeal and scream as they climax hard in wonderful synchronization. He grins as they shudder and shake in loud stereophonic rigidity. What sweet, sexy music! He is the Maestro! The strong nipple vibrators contribute nicely to their orgasmic experience.

The ten minutes slowly tick down toward the highest setting as their extra-sensitized clits and wet pussies spasm against the intense, incessant vibrations. Neither is ready to start humming the tune yet. Fantasy bound visions flit across their endorphin-flooded minds between climaxes. Their heavy breathing and high-pitched vocalizations drive him crazy and he feels a renewed stirring in his cock.

He turns the vibrators all the way up—the moment of truth! He presses down as they shriek nasally and the cascading climaxing crescendo crests as their super-stimulated, compressed, vibrating clits go crazy, as do they. They spasm uncontrollably, caterwauling in orgasmic overload. He’s glad he’s had sound-proofing installed. He watches their breathing as he gets hard again. Neither wants to give in and they control their heavy breathing as best they can. He lets go of the vibrators to get a grip on his cock. They remain stuck hard in their crotches at full orgasmic power. Mark does his thing while the strong vibrators do theirs. They screech and strain in bound sex-tasy in their super-tight unyielding wraps as relentless multiple orgasms wrack their bodies, breathing very hard. He excitedly finishes up his business, adding to the full condom’s contents.

He wonders how long this can go on, as they wonder how much more they can take! He presses down on the powerful vibrators again, smushing their raw, hot, over-stimulated clits down hard. They yelp, squeal, strain, tremble, moan and cum, going bonkers as their sex-juices pour out of their hot spasming vaginas and they sweat profusely. He is absolutely loving it, looking back and forth at the stubborn over-stimulated climaxing pair. Who will break? It goes on and on until Sheila, feeling faint and finally at wit’s and clit’s end, surrenders and reluctantly hums the first notes of the song, to Gina’s huge relief! They had gone for 15 minutes on the highest setting while having uncontrollable continuous orgasms! They are totally exhausted and wrung-out. For all their straining and exertions, they are stuck exactly as they started.

He turns the vibrators off as they sigh and breathe in relief. “Wow, ladies, what a show! Bravo!” He claps appreciatively. “The winner of Bondage Challenge #1, on my right, the veteran, Gina!” He pats her vibrator and she squeals in delight while Sheila moans and pants, feeling beleaguered but happy nonetheless. “Nice job, both of you! Captured on video, for your viewing and listening pleasure later! You’ll excuse your bondage-vibrator-master for his indulgences! But you’ll only see him from the back!” They snicker. “Why don’t you relax, ladies, and wind down in your wraps for awhile? Is that OK for you two?” They both tiredly agree. “So, Gina, love, your bondage fantasy wish is my command! We’ll see about that later!” She moans in excitement and anticipation.

He goes to the bathroom, “forgetting” about the vibrating nipple-ring clamps. Gina smiles to herself in triumph, envisioning the two of them wrapped up tightly together, kneeling, facing each other, angled heads attached by Mark’s clever new large double-strapped ball-gag, lips just touching together, heaving breasts and sweaty bodies crushed together, arms bound stringently behind, with her huge new flexible vibrating double-dildo stuffing their juicy, pulsating pussies to the hilt… Oh, yes, they’re ready for this visit!

Mumman
