---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesek/joey_potter2.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Joey Potter Self Bondage 2
authors:
- Sir Stephen
tags:
- n/a
---

\*
Part 2: Joey Potter
Self Bondage: Whatever Jen Wants

Jen had had no date this Friday night because she had worked at the
restaurant until late.  After closing, Jen had simply gone home, undressed
(to a short white slip) and checked her email.  She was astonished
to find her inbox full - after all, it had been emptied this morning!

Even more surprising were its contents.  All the emails were from
Joey Potter, someone she had never received email from before.  And
they all had attachments, some of which were huge!

Jen opened the first of the emails and noticed its huge distribution
list.  She right-clicked its jpg attachment and opened it in a new
window.  Astonished was too weak a word to describe Jen's feelings
as she saw, line by line, a picture of Joey Potter in what appeared to
be self-bondage, in her own living room!  Having had some bad blood
with Joey in the past, Jen couldn't help but break into a grin as the picture
reached ½ complete, showing Joey Potter with her wrists chained
to a collar, and what looked like a very complex apparatus of self-torture
devices arrayed about her.  Noticing the time on the email, Jen realized
that Joey might still be in this position.  A few minutes ago, Jen
had been ready to masturbate herself to sleep.  Now. The Potter home
was not so far away that Jen couldn't get there, perhaps before anyone
else!

Jen's grandmother was asleep, so Jen re-dressed quietly, grabbed a red
dog leash, a huge strap on dildo, and a few hanks of rope from her past
(and her top dresser drawer, where Grams never looked, apparently), and
slipped out the back door in black spandex pants and a red tube top. She
didn't bother to put on panties or a bra, so her ample bosom and rear strained
against their stretchy encumbrances as she drove to Joey's place. 
Rather than knock, Jen went to the windows and attempted to see inside. 
Yep! There she was, the ice queen Joey, who had shown so much disdain for
Jen and her history of sexual experimentation.  As Joey raised her
exhausted eyes to the window, it was clear that as she recognized Jen,
she began to quake in her umpteenth orgasm of the evening, her abject humiliation
having carried her over the edge yet one more time.

There was no time to waste.  Jen tried the back door, found it
open, and was soon inside, figuring out where Joey's keys were and what
to do.  Jen quickly extracted Joey from the entire apparatus, catheter
and all, except the penis gag, with tube still dangling, the posture collar,
the wrist cuffs, and the locks attaching them to each other.  Then
Jen escorted Joey to the bathroom, where her butt-plug was removed long
enough for the hapless self-bondagette to relieve herself of her urine-enema. 
Jen cleaned her up tenderly, and then replaced the butt-plug and harness
promptly.   Putting the keys to all of Joey's little padlocks
on a chain around her own neck, and attaching the red dog leash she had
brought to Joey's posture collar, Jen led the bewildered nearly-nude Joey,
who was trying to talk through her gag, outside into the cold night air.

Joey tried to say "But we..." but it came out as "fuck me," and Jen
said, "I'll fuck you, don't worry, Joey."  Joey tried to say "No,"
but it came out "Go," and Jen, opening the trunk of her car, said, "Get
in the trunk, Joey, and we can go."  As the trunk came down, Joey
tried to say "Stop" but it came out "Shop," and Jen said, "Ok, we'll so
shopping wherever I can find a store that's open."

Jen drove to the only store in Capeside that she knew would be open,
the Dunkin Donuts.  Here she led Joey by the leash into the store
to the amusement of its clerk, one Dwane Digby, a freshman at Capeside
High.  Jen tied Joey's leash to the counter and said "Spank her, if
you like, Dwane."  Nerdy Dwayne was beside himself as Jen began using
the payphone to call some of the cheerleaders in her squad at the school.

The first cheerleader Jen called, a girl named Ima Gusher, was home
alone with her parents out of town.  Hearing this, Jen said "Great,
I'll be right there with a present for us both," and summarily extricated
a hapless Joey from Dwayne's rather ineffectual but embarrassing fanny-swats. 
Dwayne watched goggle-eyed as Jen absentmindedly pulled Joey tottering
after her in her red ballerina-style on-point stiletto boots.
"Just remember," Dwayne, said Jen as she left, "I'm no longer the biggest
slut in school.  You read it right on Joey's forehead, so tell the
chess club, or whatever club you're in, to update their masturbatory fantasies! 
Hell, tell 'em to call Joey for a good time and they can even stop wanking
for awhile, right, Joey?"  Amazed at herself, Joey nodded yes with
her gagged head, but plead for release with her watery eyes.

Dwayne watched as Jen stashed Joey in the trunk again, then drove off
to Ima's house.   Ima had a side driveway with an ivy-covered
white picket-fence arch over it.  Jen was humming the theme to Dawson's
Creek as she pulled in the driveway. you know. the one that goes "I don't
want to wait/ For our lives to be over."  Ima opened the back door
to see what her cheerleading squad leader wanted at - what was it, now
- nearly 2 AM?

Jen was surprising enough herself in her tight pants and hot tube top,
but when she pushed the button to open the trunk and said - "'ave a peep
at what we've got in the boot, dearie" in a fake British accent, Ima just
about wet her pants.  The Ice Queen of Capeside herself, Joey Potter,
the intellectual better-than-you-girls bitch who hung out with the cutest
boys but managed to never give them any, was worse than naked and in wrist-to-collar
bondage in Ima's own driveway!

While Ima stood gaping, Jen was all business. "Ima, you and me are gonna
have some fun with slut-face here, OK?"  "Su.sure, Jen," Ima managed,
as the two of them helped Joey out of the trunk.

Once inside, Joey was escorted to Ima's bedroom, where her wrists were
released from her posture collar and re-locked to each other behind her
back.  Jen produced some of the rope she had brought, knotted it repeatedly
along its length, and created a tight crotchrope for Joey to enjoy for
the rest of the evening.
Joey was pushed down onto her knees in front of the two cheerleaders.

"Joey, here, put herself into bondage, Ima.  She wanted a little
fun on a lonely Friday night.  Well, let's give her some."  Jen
then addressed herself to Joey.  "Joey, I'm going to take off your
gag, but only if you agree to my terms.  You are going to do ANYthing
that Ima and I tell you to do until dawn, and then I will take you back
to your own house and release you.  In the meantime, no screaming,
no complaining, and no speaking unless spoken to.  When you do speak,
you will address either of us as Mistress.   Nod if you agree." 
Joey was in tears.  How COULD it have come to this?  This awful
blonde bimbo she had loathed for two years now was going to make her, Joey
Potter, eat pussy.

Joey nodded as her tears ran down her nose, past her gag, where they
joined her drool, and down the sternum between her exposed breasts. 
"OK," she tried to say, but Jen said, "I told you to nod, not to talk!
And you forgot to say Mistress!" and slapped her hard across the face. 
"I guess I've always wanted to do that," Jen admitted.  "Now, don't
give me any more excuses.  You're supposed to be smart, now obey us
like the SLUT that you so proudly say that you are!"  Joey nodded,
and the gag came off.  There was a loud, almost sickening POP as it
exited Joey Potter's mouth, trailing drool the way a Little Caesar's Pizza
Ad trails cheeze.

"Now, Ima," asked Jen, "have you ever had anybody eat your pussy?" 
"No," she replied, "and I'm not sure that I want to have a girl be the
first, but Joey here is just begging to do it, I suppose."  "That's
a good idea," said Jen.  "Joey: beg for it, and be LITERARY while
you're at it.  I just KNOW you can!"

Joey gulped, swallowing her own copious and thick saliva, tried to wipe
her chin on her shoulder, and, looking Jen straight in the eye, enounced
in a little-girl voice:

"Mistress, put me to some use.
Make me drink your pussy juice.
Keep me here until the dawn
Then stake me out across your lawn.
Make me keep my pretty nose
Buried where your essence flows,
Make me keep my pretty mouth
Pressed against your tropic South,
Married to your gorgeous bush.
If I am too gentle, push
My head against your pussy, where
Angels dream and slavegirls dare.
Make me press my virgin face
Deep into your secret place,
So that one who saw us would
Think I had no face, or could
Live forever in your thighs.
Mistress, in your awesome eyes
I can sense my own defeat.
I must eat, and eat, and eat,
As if your pussy were my meal,
And I must eat you well, a real
Slut in every way for you.
I must taste your sticky goo
As it issues in long strands
From your secret folds.  My hands
Are chained behind me, so that I
Cannot escape, but really, why
Would any slave wish to evade
Service?  I will be your maid,
Dusting you with my wet tongue
In every secret fold.  Your young
Labia and clit, and hood,
Will be my hometown neighborhood,
My place to live, to hang, and meet
Friends.  My friends will be your sweet
Hole and clit and pussy lips.
That's where I belong!  Use whips
And chains so that I must
Burrow deep into your lust,
But all I need is to be told
To push my tongue into your fold.
Mistress, it would be a rush
To drink your juices! Let them gush
In my mouth and down my chin,
To where my pubic hairs begin,
My own more humble pussy-mound
Which no hand yet, nor tongue has found.
Let my tongue go where you wish -
A swirl, a spank, a subtle swish
Of tender moisture pressing where
Your hand might go, where I not there
To meet your pussy's every need,
And more - to satisfy its greed!
Mistress, I can't get enough!
Make me lick your juicy muff!"

Ima was astonished, but Jen simply said "I knew you had it in you, Joey." 
Indeed, Jen had known.  While it had seemed before to Joey that Jen
was being harsh, a bimbo bitch, Jen was simply being the top that Joey
needed and was trying to be for herself with her self-bondage.

You see, Jen had a sexual history longer than that of the rest of the
Capeside High student body combined.
Her exile from New York to Capeside had been precipitated by her discovery,
by her parents, in latex bondage, being triple-penetrated by three neighbor
boys.  She had herself provided the red latex open-breasted top and
thigh-highs, and had also produced the handcuffs which held her hands behind
her back as she sucked one, and greedily absorbed two other boys with her
nether orifices.  Her parents had been shocked, and had sent her to
Grams, her even more prudish, and even more religious, Grandmother.

Yes, Jen had confronted her demons somewhat earlier than Joey. 
She had become fully orgasmic by twelve, while Joey was just learning orgasms
tonight, at age eighteen.  She knew that bondage and discipline could
be stimuli to push any girl past her previous limits into new territories
of pleasure and fulfillment.  Even without love, yes, even without
love, good sex had its place.  And Jen knew all about good sex.

For her part, Joey had somehow talked herself into enjoying her situation. 
She realized now that the dare she had given herself, and the steely cold
pride with which she had expected to avoid her own traps - the automatic
email for instance - Joey now knew that these were all mechanisms she had
created in order to force herself into just such a situation as this.

Now, at least romantically, Joey had never considered herself a lesbian. 
But Joey - well she could do worse than to eat one of the prettiest girls
in town.  And Ima was no slouch either, being a cheerleader as well. 
So Joey Potter inched forward on her knees and began attempting to pull
Jen's pants down.   "No," Jen said, "eat Ima first."  So
Joey Potter inched over to Ima and began trying to unzip her denim Guess?
jeans with her teeth and tongue.  Amusedly, Joey thought that "Guess?"
referred to her own curiosity as to what Ima Gusher would taste like "down
there."   She was secretly glad that the cheerleaders had gotten
to her before the football team.

Ima was of little help, and Joey had to work her way all around Ima,
tugging at the waistline of her jeans from all sides, before she could
get the jeans down to Ima's ankles.  A little more work got them off,
and she was now looking at Ima's panties.  But wait!  They were
the sort of panties that say what day of the week they were put on, and
Ima's panties said Sunday!  "That's right, Joey, I've had them on
all week.  Haven't had a bath all week, either.  All the better
for you, from the sound of your begging."

And Ima and Jen had a good belly laugh while Joey turned as red as a
freshly spanked ass.  Nonetheless, she stuck her tongue out as far
as she could, and approached Ima's panties like a patient being told to
say "ahhh."  Ima said "Ok, SLUT," (for the word was still emblazoned
on Joey's forehead) "I'll make it easy for you."  Ima stepped out
of her panties, slipped them over Joey's head and around her neck, and
sat down in an easy chair in the corner.  Joey moved over and began
eating Ima's pussy, while, unbeknownst to her, Jen began strapping on her
long, black, hard, shiny, latex dildo.

Joey thought for a moment about what she would like if someone were
licking her, and began by licking just the vertical strips of bare flesh
between Ima's upper thighs and her outer labia.  Down to up, then
over to the other side and down to up again. Nothing but that, and no contact
with Ima's pussy, for about five minutes (seemed like fifty to both girls)
until Ima grabbed Joey's hair and said "don't be a tease, do it, you slut!" 
Joey was now, for real, for the first time, eating pussy.  Her tongue,
at least, was no longer virgin.

Jen knelt behind Joey and began stroking Joey's own, heretofore neglected
pussy while Joey ate Ima, who soon proved to live up to her name. 
Joey thought at first she was getting peed on, so copious were Ima's vaginal
secretions!  But Joey didn't mind in the least as she proceeded to
line her own tummy both inside and out with Ima's strong, bittersweet secretions. 
Joey flattened her tongue and moved it slowly from bottom to top of Ima's
pussy, giving a little coy flick just at the top as if to say "hello" 
or "see you soon!" to Ima's clitoris.  Jen interjected a suggestion
from her own past, when she had served as a slavegirl to multiple tops
of both sexes simultaneously.  "Say 'Yum Yum' after every few licks,"
said Jen, "and say it as if you mean it!"

Joey completed two more slow vertical licks and then said, in her best
little-girl-eating-candy voice, "yum, yum!"  before continuing her
endless meal.

Joey was enjoying her self-abasement more than she had ever enjoyed
putting down Pacey and the other teens for being sexual.  Having lived
on a pedestal of her own making, with only that cold fish Dawson for a
worshipper, Joey had been putting the potential joys of sexuality out of
her thoughts more successfully than most hormone-driven young girls.  
That was probably, Joey now realized, the main reason she had always preferred
Dawson, a low-testasterone type if there ever was one, to all the other
guys.  It was also why she had gone no further than a kiss with Pacey
before dissing him again, much harder than if she had never allowed those
furtive smooches in the dark.

Meanwhile, Jen was wishing she had brought some K-Y lubricant to put
on the strapon dildo she was donning over her spandex pants.  But
when she knelt behind Joey and, maneuvering around the butt-plug harness
Joey was wearing, urged the head of her long black cock into Joey's pussy,
Jen realized that lubricant would have been unnecessary.  Joey was
as wet as they come.  Jen let her have it inch by rock-hard inch,
and she had ten inches to give her, enough to make it important that Jen
judge whether she was slamming against Joey's cervix or still just filling
her passage.  But Joey's unusually ample rear, plus the fact that
Jen was coming into her from behind, made the ten-inch, smooth black latex
just the right length, and its somewhat oversided but otherwise realistic
head made its passage in and out more noticeable than it might otherwise
have been in that wet, wet channel.

As the head of the dildo reached its limit on the way in, it rubbed
"heads" with the butt-plug which Joey had impaled herself with earlier
that night.  The two had a "tete-a-tete" as it were, with the tissues
separating Joey's vagina from her rectum as the wall they spoke to each
other through.  The butt-plug seemed to be admiring the greater size
of Jen's strapon, while the strapon seemed interested in the butt-plug's
having been there in the first place.  In between was Joey, licking
Ima and drinking her juices as if Joey had just crossed the desert with
Lawrence of Arabia and was finally able to drink the sweet waters of an
oasis.  "Yum, Yum!" Joey said, again, as Jen started to thrust in
and out of her more regularly and rapidly, and as Ima's breathing started
to increase concomitantly Joey thought it meet to increase the rapidity
of her tongue-movements.

Joey drew circles around Ima's clitoris both clockwise and counter-clockwise. 
She had to learn to swallow quickly to keep up with Ima's gushing secretions
lest the sheer volume of pussy-juice keep her tongue from functioning. 
Joey pulled Ima's entire clitoris and clitoral hood into her pretty mouth
and sucked it like a little cock.  At that point Ima started to lose
all sense of self-control.  Ima had been enjoying Joey's humiliation
more than the stimulation, or so she had told herself.  But at this
point who was licking her and what else was going on in the room were questions
she could no more answer than the name of the first dynasty in China or,
for that matter, who was buried in Grant's tomb.  Just as Joey had
forgotten her hands, useless behind her, and had discovered her lips and
tongue, as well as her rectum and pussy, Ima had forgotten her entire body
and had discovered her clitoris.  Oh, Ima had rubbed herself there
plenty, but not with the devotion, slipperiness, and rapidity which Joey
was able to provide.  Ima started to clamp her thighs against Joey's
ears and Joey went deaf.

The sounds of her own breathing, of Ima's moans, and of the now-wet
front of Jen's strapon harness slapping her ample, plush buttocks all went
immediately silent.  Only in their absence did Joey realize how erotic
they had been.  But now in the silence, and the vice-like pressure
of Ima's thighs, and as Jen thrusted in and out at least once per second
with all of her strength, Joey started to cum as well.  Joey pressed
her mouth even harder against Ima's pussy and alternated between her various
licking techniques at the rate of one per three seconds.  Ima started
yelling and even the hermetic seal her wet thighs made against Joey's ears
could not stop that sound.  The neighbor's dog heard it, and answered
with a mournful sound, as if to ask for a similar release.  The teenage
boy down the block heard it in his sleep and experienced an immediate ejaculation
in his sleep, without onanistic stimulation.  Jen heard it, and said
"Pipe down, Ima, before the Police come," but Ima did not hear this admonition. 
The sun heard it, and began to come up.
As Ima and Joey came, Jen started coming due to the friction on her
own pussy from the bumpy inside of her strapon harness.  "It.pays.to.use.the.right...tool.for.the..JOB!"
she said, as she thrust herself against Joey's helpless ass even harder
than before, whacking it again and again and simultaneously pressing her
equipment against her own hot pussy.

As the first rays of dawn began to shine through Ima's window, Jen began
untying Joey with the intent of returning her to her home.  What did
not dawn on any of the three was that Joey would be less safe at home than
anywhere else, after her mass emailing earlier that night.  But Jen
unlocked all of Joey's padlocks, washed all of the equipment in Ima's bathroom,
and even massaged Joey's neck before asking, rather than dragging, Joey
back into her car, this time in the passenger seat and wearing a bathrobe
borrowed from Ima.  As Joey went up the stairs to her home she did
not notice the cars parked near her home that were not there when she had
left in Jen's custody.  Who was there to greet her as she came, exhausted,
back into her living room, confronted with the evidence of her self-bondage
insanity?

Why Dawson, of course.
