---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/rbrbills_final_conversion2.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Rbrbill’s Final Conversion Part 2
authors:
- Rbrbill
tags:
- F/m
- F/f
- latex
- slave
- bond
- reluct
- XX
date: 2005-05-01 00:00:00
---

Rbrbill’s Final Conversion
Part 2 by Rbrbill
**Rbrbill’s Final Conversion Part 2 (Shirley's Journey)**

**Chapter 1 - Thoughts, Feelings, Revelations**

Several weeks have passed since Rbrbill (Thing) was put into his punishment
program.  Angelica was in her usual place; sitting on the chaise lounge
in the pit while Thing went through the treadmill paces.  He’d been
at it now over two hours and the heavy steps from his ballet boot shod
feet disclosed the exhaustion in his body.  The machine stopped for
one of the rest cycles.  These were always fun since “rest” was really
misleading.  The stopping of the mill just invoked an enema flush
and the firing up of those gloriously pulsating rings.  Angelica often
fantasized about taking that vibrating monster inside her as she watched
it squeezed and relax in rippling massage.  She just knew that the
same caresses driving Thing to uncontrolled orgasm would surely do the
same for her.  But he was the Thing and she, the Mistress who had
to maintain the discipline and mechanical nature of the regimen. 
She felt that introducing her hot wet pussy, even rubber-sheathed, 
onto that rod, no matter how gloriously sensual it might be, would destroy
the developing servitude and broken spirit she desired in Thing.

Besides, that sheathed rod was at least twice the girth of any dildo
vibe she’s ever put inside her tender flower.  The monster stretch
just seemed too much for her as she eyed the rigid shaft and watched Thing
shudder in orgasm, go limp at the knees then, pull up short as shocks pulsed
through him.

Her mechanical massaging of the vibe shaft inside her pussy only amplified
the sudden emptiness that she felt as her body quivered in a seemingly
empty cum.  The physical relief was as amazing as ever.  The
rolling wave washing over her in an addictive elixir but she was missing
something.  Thing’s forced explosion was as wonderfully erotic as
any earlier one seemed as he stiffened and obviously grunted as his teeth
clinched; his body arched in the bindings and he slumped and received the
punishing shocks.  Not that she knew what were the thoughts or feelings
of her rubberized prisoner.  But that jerking body and heavy slump
from exhaustion, despite knowing the punishment for sagging, had to be
a result of another full sexual blast.

The treadmill started up again and Thing began to trot with its pace. 
He’d really gotten very good in the boots.  If he were ready to return
to the world of the living, his ability to get around in those boots would
serve well.

Angelica fondled the heavy rubber suit as she watched him go through
his paces.  The suit had arrived earlier that day.  She’d waited
six weeks for it to come and she’d spared no expense, as with Thing's suit,
in its creation.  It was essentially the same suit that Thing was
encased within.  Only this suit was created for a female, and not
just any female, but for her.  The thick rubber suit incorporated
a vaginal sheath, clit pouch, a catheter for the urethra, and a reinforced
hollow plug with a the same mechanical insert that could flush, fill, and
pulsate in any combination the computer program required.  The thing
was huge.  She’d forgotten how big it was when she’d split open his
rectum with its insertion.  The idea of it inside her probably exaggerated
the appearance but still, it was awfully big!

She fondled the breast cups of this suit.  These were very special
too.  Very small and reinforced openings would allow the nipples to
slip into little waiting pouches.  The rings of these openings had
little hard rubber nubs built in.  The nubs were curved inward. 
Much like the bowl of the pitcher plant, the rings would allow the nipples
to slip in easily but would resist any attempt at withdrawal by biting
into the tender flesh.  The tips of the nubs had little metal caps
that could inflict a tiny, shallow, and dully painful prick once the suit
was properly fitted.  She smiled at the new masochistic side of her
that was growing each day.  She felt the heavy rings at the base of
the breast cups.  These also had little nipples to attach tubing. 
The manufacturer had assured her that these would provide a very special
added pleasure to the entire suit once properly attached to the equipment
included with the suit.  He didn’t elaborate, but she guessed it had
something to do with hydraulics and massaging her breasts even more erotically. 
She loved to slide her arms into those thick rubber sleeves and experience
the helplessness of her useless hands.  It was all only temporary
bliss.  It was ash in her mouth for she could never have the full
experience of this suit as long as she had no one to trust to dress her
in the multiple rubber layers, administer and monitor the session, and
release her at its conclusion.  She toyed with letting Thing perform
the duties, but she knew that was impossible.  In his new demented
state, he’d be completely unreliable and besides, she’d have to remove
the padded gloves and he might turn on her in his sudden new freedom.

She studied the exquisite construction of the built-in corset. 
From the outside of the suit, no one could tell there was a severe figure-shaping
corset inside.  By the feeling of the rigid parts in the suit, Angelica
could tell the limits of this body vise.  When laced up it would reach
from just under the armpits to down over the hips.  It rose high in
the back to cover the shoulder blades and on the front, a wide, flattened
busk would rise to separate the breasts just a wee bit too much for comfort
as they jutted like little cones in their soft rubber cups.  Her budding
masochism thrilled at the fantasy of her boobs held split in tension between
the busk.  The busk split into a smooth yoke above the breast openings
curving back over the shoulders to join to the back of the corset. 
This provided a shoulder bracing harness that would ensure the proper posture
of anyone wearing the suit.

The perfect construction of the marvelous suit amazed her.  She
tugged at each ring to see how strong the reinforced ribbing built into
the suit was.  She noted the steel grommets for the corset and the
little rubber flap to cover the lacing once it was completed.  She
checked the shine a hundredth time and then hung it in its special recess,
an altar of sorts to wicked fetish, next to the hoods, the gag, the inner
suit of this nearly gossamer Nomex rubber, the gloves, and the boots well
that made the outfit almost complete.

Then there were the dildo shorts.  This heavy rubber and steel
device had a menacingly huge vibrator design for the two plugs.  There
were two cylinders extending below the two phalli connected by a fulcrum
system housed in the thick rubber spreader piece connecting the two cylinders. 
A link from a small rotary motor to the rear plug would push and pull the
things in and out of the tender openings.  The smooth thick front
would guard her sex from any intrusion other than the design of the suit. 
Its design to mate with hidden lock snaps on the inner and outer suits
impressed her most carnal lusts.  When this thing was locked to her
pussy, she would be completely sealed with that monsters impaling her succulent
recesses.  She shivered with the thought of those things raping her
endlessly.  The two had a similar piston action that would drive any
sex-crazed slut over the edge.

Obviously, she couldn't complete the full treatment in the suit without
help.  Even if she could close the zipper in the back, a task she
wasn’t even too sure about given the tight fit of the suit, she could never
complete the lacing of the corset to a proper closure for the full fetish
impact.  She could never get the chastity belt on properly either. 
She moaned in despair.

Oh she wanted to have a night in this bondage so much.  Just one
night was all she asked.  She knew that one night would never suffice. 
She had to find the proper Mistress or Master to assist her fantasy. 
She could arrange to meet at their dungeon and help her with the suit. 
She could be tied down or hung from a St. Andrews Cross, or suspended from
a ceiling to achieve a close parallel to Thing's ordeal.

She watched as the treadmill went through another “rest” cycle and she
switched the vibe inside her on full and ground herself to another rippling
orgasm.  Thing exploded again in his bindings.  He had become
such a rubber slutting whore of a thing, and in such a short time too.

She released Thing from the treadmill this time and guided him to the
bed.  She tucked him inside the rubber layers and kissed the snout
of the hood.  She was bonding more and more with his plight and she
couldn’t help it.  A tear slowly rolled down the inside of her hood
as her eyes misted a millionth time in the past two weeks.  The punishment
that started as bitter revenge had gotten out of hand and there was no
turning back once she had taken this path.  The Thing was changed
forever and now she wallowed in a secret self-pity and incomplete desire.

Doctor Tim Rutherford enjoyed his weekly visit to the “Dark Side” as
he came to think of Mistress Angelica’s lair.  It was purely clinical,
he reasoned, whenever he put down the $600 to spend three hours in her
tender rubberized mercies.  Tim was a fairly typical 40-something
man, a successful psychoanalyst; he had no problem affording the weekly
respite from his usual hectic world.  He was married but rationalized
the sessions were necessary for his well being.  Angelica was a therapist
for the fantasy lust he desired, as he was one for the real world stress
and problems.  He could completely forget all of the confidential
neuroses of his clients running around in his mind for three hours of complete
subjugation to the attentions of this gloriously wonderful rubber goddess
who lived on Queen Anne Hill.

The old home looked as innocent as any of the others that looked over
the breathtaking view of Seattle.  Mount Rainier was shaded in pink
as a setting sun glinted off its glacial flanks.  He rung the bell
and waited for entry into his wildest dream world fantasy.  This was
truly the portal to the Dark Side.

“If I may be so bold, what’s bothering you, Mistress?”  Tim and
Angelica were sipping herbal tea after the session.  He still had
fifteen minutes on his time.  Besides, Angelica always insisted on
a “decompression” time for clients.  She seldom joined them in the
plain room with its couch and magazines.  But Tim had suggested she
chat with him a bit.  At first she’d gone rigid and reminded him of
the Domme/slave relationship.  He assured her that would never change. 
He just had a “gut” feeling something was wrong.  He reminded her
that it was his job, as surely as hers, to read people’s emotions and feeling. 
He sensed something changing in her sessions.

“I noted about two months ago, you were suddenly so involved in the
games.  I mean…it was like you were really my lover as well as Mistress. 
The connection was stunning.  I wondered if something more, something
dangerous for me, was developing.  Four weeks ago I resolved to quit
seeing you since the turn of events troubled me.”

“Why didn’t you quit coming?”  Angelica crossed and uncrossed an
elegantly rubber- sheathed leg.

“Well, I guess I’m addicted.  I really need these releases or I’d
go loony.  You’re my therapist but I thought the professional arrangement
might be crumbling.”

“Not to worry, Tim.”

“Oh, I know.  These last three visits have shifted again. 
I mean you’re back to the professionalism I expect from a dominant partner
in a roll-play, just that your mind seems to wander.  I’d say you
were missing something in your life that you really desire.  I know
you are married too, though I’ve not seen your husband in months.”

“You’ve seen Bill before?”

"Sure, I used to see him at the golf course about once a month. 
We even played a round of golf and we share the same love for college basketball."

This was an unsettling turn of events.  She thought she knew Bill
completely.  He really had no friends outside of the circle of her
friends that she knew about.  She'd told her friends that he'd run
out on her after all the years!  He'd left without a trace! 
The friends consoled her, had suggested she go to the police, and she said
she would.  Of course she hadn't but she was able to convince everyone
that she'd reported him missing.  She said the police didn't give
her much hope in finding anything.

"I didn't know that."

“It’s not just that.  I would think that he would be a participant
in your work, a slave assistant or something.  I mean you can’t keep
your business a secret from him,” Doctor Rutherford said.

“I work alone.  He doesn’t participate in my work.”

“And that might be a problem.  You seem so flat as you said that. 
Your eyes look vacant too.  I feel that there is some terrible secret
you are hiding?  Is he away?  Are you separated?  Did it
happen a few months ago?”  I mean these are all questions that beg
an answer as I observe your changing moods over these past weeks.”

“Tim, I know you mean well but this is my private concern.”

“It’s unhealthy to let bad feeling stay inside, Shirley,” Rutherford
used her given name.

Startled, she said, “How did you know my name?”

“I checked you out before I started to visit.  I’m not new to the
darker side of sex and I know that there are many kooks out there.”

“You checked up on me?”

“Sure.  That’s why I know you’re married, been so for more than
twenty years.  That’s what strikes me as odd that you took up this
profession less than six months ago and your husband didn’t object, want
to be a part of the games, or leave you.  Of course I haven't seen
him either all that time.”

“He understands my needs too.”

“It takes a great deal of understanding.  I know.  If my wife
ever knew about these sessions…well, just say I’d rather not learn that
result.”

“Good.  Why don’t you just leave now, Tim?  I think you better
find a new Mistress.  I can recommend a couple over on Capitol Hill
who explore latex bondage.”

“Please, Angelica, Don’t do this.  I won’t ever bring it up again.”

“You’d better not, Slave.  I might just let slip some of my confidentialities
in the wrong places, but I’d still think you better not come by for a while.”

“One other thing, why did your husband suddenly quit his job?”

“What?”

“You called his office and said he quit effective that day.”

“Yes.  He didn’t need to work anymore.  We have financial
security.”

“See, that’s just it.  A guy just doesn’t quit and decide to do
nothing after so many years working.  He at least plays golf, fishes,
goes the movies, takes up a hobby, helps with the home business…”

“Well, that’s it isn’t it.  But you see this isn’t really a business
for me.  It’s a well-paying hobby.  We don’t need the money I
get from this either,” Angelica rose.

Tim rose and she guided him to the door.  “Please do not call again,
Tim.  You’re nice and you’re well meaning gesture is noted but it’s
misplaced.  I think you know too much about me…us to maintain the
proper professional arrangement.”

“See, you said “me” then added “us” after a hesitation.  There
is something burning in there and I can help you.”

“Wait a minute, you think I need your services?”

“Yes, but I wouldn’t be your analyst, I’d refer you to someone else. 
You see, we are too close for that.”

“Good bye, Tim.  Here’s the card of a very good dominatrix over
on Capitol Hill.  Look her up.”  Angelica closed the door on
another ex-John.

 
Thing must have been in that “rest” bondage over three hour now. 
She’d set the computer to entertain him with a few nice enema flushes and
a couple of pounding ass fucks and cock massages.  He was probably
pretty well done again by now.  She headed off to the pit to string
him up a while.

The chat with Rutherford really bothered her.  And his disclosure
of being casually acquainted with Bill shook her.  Was her turmoil
really that noticeable?  No, he was trained in the reading of human
emotions.  That’s why he saw something.

She helped the shaky rubber thing from its bindings and guided it to
the chains.  She hooked everything up and pulled him off the floor. 
In suspension between ceiling and floor she switched on the training program
and watched, mesmerized, as the system carried him off to tortured rubber
bondage in denial, erotic frustration, and ultimate explosive bliss.

Angelica fondled her new suit.  She let the cool rubber skin slide
through her hands as her vibe cranked up inside her and carried her to
a succession of mechanical explosions that left her tired enough for bed
but empty.

The Thing hung suspended all night.  He no longer had thoughts. 
He only had input.  Sensory input that melted his brain and left him
only desiring more rubber fucking, more rubber arousal, more rubber bondage,
more rubber torture and more rubber pulsating, massaging and carrying his
demented being to heavenly hellish captivity.  The occasional electrical
shocks were now added pleasure to his life!  He would actually silently
scream into the gag, not from anguish, but just to set off the punishment
system!  His life stripped to a simplicity no one has ever known before,
he existed to be served by the computer and its erotic programming. 
He didn’t even have memories of his wife/mistress.  He’d been completely
morphed into a rubber slutting object.  A feeding cycle filled his
belly and the flushing enemas flowed in and out of his willing body.

Rutherford knew more about Angelica than her current domestic and financial
circumstances.  He had the same attorney as she.

When her attorney discovered large expenses being charged to a very
eclectic latex clothing company in England, he made inquiries as the administrator
of the trust fund.  He discovered over $9,000 spent on one item of
specialty clothing and several lesser amounts for other accessories. 
There was a very expensive computer system and a billing for custom programming,
as well.  Then he discovered contractor bills at about the same time
for installation of a hoist, the digging of a cellar, trap door and sliding
floor panel, large quantities of sound proofing material and other odds
and ends.  He was really troubled when he discovered the nature of
the clothing the company had made.  He told them he was the husband
of the client and since he knew all of the personal questions to confirm
the identity, the company sent him a copy of the specifications for the
clothing and accessories.   It seemed the company had constructed
a rubber suit to place a man in extended bondage.  The attachments
requested would sure provide someone with a lot of sexual stimulation!

He sent his private dick to the city building inspector offices to review
the plans on file for the contract work.  The report made interesting
reading.  Shirley was either building a wine cellar (doubtful), a
safe room (plausible) or a secret storage vault (plausible).  It was
a sub-basement and could be accessed through a trap door or by way of a
retractable floor in the main basement.  The retractable floor seemed
an odd and superfluous expense, though that would allow the easy placement
of large objects in the vault.

The answers from the computer programming company were even less conclusive. 
The programmers said the program could be some sort of climate/security
maintenance program.  It provided temperature ranges to activate electrical
switches.  In some cases the program responded to pressure readings
that the user would input.  There were sound thresholds that would
activate control switches, again user input required.  Some settings
were simple timer activated controls.  These were linked to a random
number generator sub-routine that varied the switching times from fifteen
minutes to up to two hours.  All in all this was a not too sophisticated
(considering today’s technology) computer programmed control system. 
But the question was, “What did it control?”

Then similar charges from the latex clothing company showed up on the
trust accounts a month later.  This time the suit was built with specifications
for a female.  He calculated that $24,365 had been spent on the rubber
stuff.  The room had cost $34,495, the computer and programming another
$3,000.

The lawyer approached Rutherford with a generic case.  He did the
old suppose you discovered someone you knew was toying with something very
dangerous.  With some prodding he allowed that he thought the “something”
might be extreme and kinky sex involving really heavy bondage and probably
extreme levels of S&M activities, the type of sex play that was potentially
very dangerous.

Rutherford had played along but when he read the specifications of the
gear, that feeling hit his stomach.  He knew the hypothetical example
was real…and it was Shirley.  It had to be her.

“Someone could have a really interesting time with the stimulation these
suits offer.  I mean someone with a real fetish for rubber and bondage
would be in heaven,” Tim said blandly.

“Yes, they would…I guess,” Hargrove replied unconvinced.

“Oh, they would,” Tim assured the Hargrove.  “The pleasure center
of the mind would be in overdrive and the pain/punishment would only heighten
a masochistic arousal.  The person inside one of these would be on
a continuous high that only hard drugs could emulate.”

“Gee, Tim, you talk like someone who’s had firsthand experience in this
sort of thing.”

“Come on, Doug, I’m a trained professional in this area.”

“Right.”

Rutherford had lots of questions after that meeting.  He thought
he knew most of the answers.  He noted that Bill’s disappearance coincided
with the probable arrival time for the first suit.  Bill was tall,
well over six feet with long legs and arms, and the suit’s measurements
seemed to match his general build.  The vault was finished a few weeks
before the suit would have arrived according to the construction invoices. 
Everything was in place to execute the premier disappearing act. 
But the final conclusion seemed unimaginably terrifying but also hugely
erotic…placing a living soul into a long-term, possibly permanent, arrangement
of heavy rubber bondage and extreme sexual depravity.  It was unthinkable. 
But he had arrived at just that conclusion through an inescapable logic
trail.  Still, he had no proof of a crime.  There were no complaints. 
Of course he knew that a victim sealed inside the suit would not be in
a position to complain.  He knew that if he took his story to the
authorities, he’d probably be given a very skeptical reception.  He
doubted that any warrants would be issued to search.  He could lodge
a complaint against Shirley for illegal activities.  Her business
was against the law, though such crimes were never prosecuted these days. 
Her business was between consenting adults.

Well, Hargrove had come to him with a question; he could go to Hargrove
for advice.

“Doug, what if I were to tell you that the hypothetic situation you
related to me the other day just might have some very real and serious
results all ready happening?”

“What do you mean?”

“I mean, I think I have additional information that points to one of
those suits being used as we speak…has probably been in use for at least
six months.  Not knowing the length of any given session inside the
suit, I can’t guess at the mental state of the victim.  But if he
were inside it continuously, and mind you that could be done fairly easily
based on the specs you showed me, the person would by now be completely
demented…maybe beyond recovery.”

“You’ve got to be kidding!  I just thought this was some passing
kinky fad Shirley’s trying.”

“I doubt such planning is the result of a passing anything.  The
specs were detailed and the entire scheme too well thought out.”

“OK, suppose you’re right…and I’m not saying you are…where do we go? 
You’re right, there isn’t enough hard evidence of anything illegal beyond
the mistress dungeon thing you’ve told me about.  I still find that
hard to believe.  Shirley is so pious.  I mean she attends church
three or four times a week.  She donates big bucks to Catholic Charities. 
She’s a pillar in the Pacific-Asia American Ministries.  This is just
plain nuts.”

“Isn’t it though?  It’s the perfect cover.”

“OK, I’m in.  Any ideas?”

The next step was harder.  Rutherford called Shirley the next day.

“I’d like to see you casually, if you don’t mind.  I think I can
help you with your problem.”

“I’ve got no problem!”  Shirley snapped, her anger barely contained.

Rutherford expected her to hang up on him.

“OK, I’ll meet you at Ivar’s near the ferry docks at 1:00,” she said
quietly.

He breathed a sigh of relief.  She must have something going on
or she would have hung up on him.  Perhaps her agreement to meet was
more foreboding.

She showed up at 1:00.  Rutherford picked a table near the back.

“Tell me what’s on your mind, Shirley.  Just tell me any thoughts
that pop in.”

She was staring out the window, watching the gulls swoop at floating
debris.

“I’ve been the Domme so long.  It’s not just the last months when
I went public.  I mean Bill and I played in rubber for years. 
I never told you but he had me kidnapped some three years ago.  He
was on a trip and I wound up at a place in Idaho where they force you into
rubber.  I knew Bill did it for years before that.  I always
hated him for that rubber thing he tried to hide from me.  Anyway,
they put me through some very heavy training and I snapped.  I went
the cycle from subservient slave to demanding to be the Domme.  They
allowed me to make the transition.  I’ve been good at it ever since. 
But I missed being the slave occasionally.  Now those feelings are
much more frequent, maybe even obsessive.  I want to be put into rubber
slavery again just to feel that confining helplessness and fall into that
carnal pit of rubber lust that drove me so wild when they kidnapped me.”

“Why doesn’t Bill help you?”

“He’d never agree now.  He loves being the slave too much.

“Have you ever thought to let him help you with your hobby?“

“He never liked that concept.  He always wanted to have my sole
attention in rubber games and to be only for me.”

“So now you long to be the subbie for a day?”  Rutherford asked.

“Yes.  It’s not so unusual.  It’s why you came to me, isn’t
it?  To let someone else take complete control of your life and you
drop all of your cares at the door.  I’ve been under increasing pressure
the last several months.  Seeing four or five customers a week is
very demanding.  They don’t all like the same thing.  I have
to plan the sessions in advance.  You know how many questions I ask
a new client.  Then each time it has to be different, new challenges,
new tests, raising the bar of pleasure.”

“Hmmmmm, this actually may be easy to handle.  How often do you
think you’ll need this service?”

“I don’t know.  How often do you need to see me?”

“I’m asking the questions right now.  You know.  I see you
once a week.”

“Once a week…I have a very specific fantasy in mind.  To play it
out will take hours, perhaps an entire day.  I’ll defer on how often
I need the therapy until after we try it once.”

“No guesses now…monthly, every other week, every other month…I need
to know so that I can determine the arrangements I can make.”  Rutherford
thought that he really didn’t need to know but he wanted to get a feel
for the depth of desperation that Shirley had fallen.

“Well…at least monthly, I think.  I can’t imagine one time being
enough.”

“I have contacts in Europe who might help us out.  It’ll cost. 
I suspect the airfare will be First Class and the time expensive.”

“Obviously, money isn’t an object, Tim.”

“I suspected as much.”

Mistress Ursula had apprenticed under the legendary Natalia.  Rutherford
had discovered her pleasures while attending a convention in Frankfort. 
European, especially German, love for kink was renowned and Mistress Ursula
didn’t disappoint.

He pulled the card from his file and sent the e-mail requesting a special
session in the USA.  The response came back in 24 hours.  “I
accept.  I will receive $5,000 EUR for my services plus expenses. 
Please provide specifics so I can arrange appropriate shipping of my tools.”

Rutherford replied, “All necessary equipment is available at the location
of the session.  Only bring what you need for your own comfort. 
Plan on being here three days, max.”

The next day, “I can be there next week.  Please advance me the
fees and $3,000 EUR for expenses by tomorrow.”  The account information
was included to affect the transfer.

Rutherford contacted Hargrove to arrange the transfer of funds.

“Jesus!  $8,000 EUR!  That’s $10,665!”

“Money is no object, Doug.”

“Right.”

Mistress Ursula didn’t disappoint.  She cleared customs and immigration
quickly.  Her luggage wasn’t inspected.  She cut a regal figure
in severe leather.  She wore a leather suit under an ankle length
trench coat open to reveal her choker collar silk blouse in deep red, skirt
and legs.   Black stiletto heel boots encased her legs and disappeared
beneath the just below the knee hem of her skirt.  People stopped
to stare at the figure as she strode through the terminal.  The waiting
limo whisked her off to the Fairmont Olympic Hotel.

She called Tim when she was settled into her suite.

“Meet me in an hour at my hotel.”

She rung off the line before Tim could say anything; even ask where
she was staying. He thought it out and realized she’d stay at the best. 
He drove to the Fairmont Olympic. Sure enough, the desk rang her suite
and he was on his way to see the Ursula.

She had removed her leather coat and suit jacket.  The silk blouse
was open at the collar too.  Tim noted a little glint of rubber on
the exposed part of her neck.

Wow, he thought, she wears the stuff even when traveling.

The meeting was short.  Ursula was a bit disturbed that the session
would be done without her usual consultation with the client.  Tim
assured her that the client’s desires were completely known and that once
she saw the client’s equipment, she’d unknown exactly what to do.

Ursula just grunted but agreed.  This would be too easy. 
She didn’t need to develop any profiles or prepare any elaborate games,
a task she relished in her trade.  Oh well, it would be like a regular
session with a regular John of no imagination.  She had those too,
the ones who came in once a week for the same treatment.  Where was
the fun in that?  Still she was a bit intrigued by the mystery surrounding
the session.

**Chapter 2 - Transformation**

Thing was in suspension again.  Angelica sat mesmerized by his
jerking contortions of ecstasy.  He’d been in the harness three hours
and had obviously achieved five orgasms during that time.  His slumped
in exhaustion even though the rings rippled beneath the outer sheath and
his contracting sphincter muscles indicated a pounding ass fuck in progress. 
She fingered the vibe in her pussy and absently allowed the thing to bring
her to another slow cum.  She’d cum seven times while watching him. 
But still her mind wandered to the thoughts of her suit, still unused,
hanging in its little altar.

The doorbell rang.  Angelica started from her dream.  She
didn’t have any guests coming today.  It must be some solicitor. 
That little sign on her door only stopped the less obnoxious ones. 
She pulled on a robe to cover her latex and climbed out of the pit. 
She didn’t bother to close the trap door as she went up stairs.

She opened the door and there was a tall woman in black leather with
an assistant standing a step back and holding a small valise.  The
assistant had rubber gloves and a hood showing from under his/her coat
and teetered in the highest heels short of ballet boots she’d ever seen.

“I am Mistress Ursula.  You are my slave for the rest of the day.”

“I am?”

“You respond with, ‘Yes, Mistress!’”  Angelica stepped back in
surprise as the gloved hand swat her cheek.

“That’s the last time I will only slap you for an infraction.”

“Yes, mmmmmMistress.”

“Show me your dungeon.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

Angelica led the pair down the stairs.

“Stand there.  Take off that robe and lets see what I have to work
with.”

Angelica let the robe fall to reveal her lithe rubber encased figure. 
She felt like she was an object for sale being appraised.  She shivered.

“Good, you should be afraid.  I understand that you have some special
needs that I can take care of.  I won’t ask you any questions yet,
but I have been told that you have your own equipment to achieve this fantasy?”

“Yes, Mistress.  It’s down there.  Please wait and I’ll get
it.”

“No, we all go down.”

“But…”

“We all go down.”  Assistant grabbed Angelica and pulled her to
the trap door.

Ursula went down first.  Assistant pushed Angelica through the
door and Ursula took hold of her thighs to gently drop her the rest of
the way.  Assistant climbed down.

Ursula noticed Thing hanging there when she turned from the opening.

“Nice decoration.”  Then she saw the altar and the gear in the
spotlights.

“And you want to experience the same pleasures that He is enjoying.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“May I ask, how often and for how long He is put in this bondage?”

“He loves it and we do it every day.”

Angelica neglected to mention that it was 24/7 every day.

“Very well.  I think I see what needs to be done.  Remove
your clothing.”

Angelica’s/Shirley’s heart leapt with joy as she heard those words and
realized that her long for fantasy was about to begin.

"The treadmill and the sleeping shelf are also used by your slave?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Nice arrangement.  Some one could be kept very busy for a long
time in this little bondage nest."

Shirley shuddered.  She thought, "Had this new intrusion in her
life guessed the secret?"

"Put on the blindfold."  Mistress handed Shirley a wide heavy cloth
mask.

Mistress Ursula inspected her victim carefully.  Shirley was lithe
and fit.  At 5' 2" and a little over 100 pounds.  She was a nice
little package.  She'd pierced her nipples, earlobes and clitoris. 
Rings hung from each of the studs.  There were also three little rings
piercing each of her labium.

This little whore really had a bad case of "subbie-itis".  She
really wanted to let go of the problems in her life.  Well, Ursula
thought, this little honey is about to receive her wish...in spades!

Ursula set Assistant, a trained RN, to bathing the little slut. 
The skin conditioner/hair remover worked fast and there was soon nothing
on the glowing light tan skin of her new slut.  Shirley felt the glowing
tingle of the wash as she soaked in the tub.  Assistant carefully
scrubbed every part of her body.  She felt so alive as the cleansing
progressed.  Assistant then treated every part of Shirley’s body that
grew hair with a portable laser hair removal instrument she was trained
and certified to use.  Ursula only did this additional treatment for
those rare cases when the client desired permanent hair removal. 
Shirley felt the warm tracing of the laser as it performed its duty without
knowing the results.  She just liked the warm glow of her skin it
left in its passing.

"Stand and bend over.  Time for a little enema flush before continuing,"
Ursula directed the process.

Shirley felt the warm water washing inside her abdomen and she loved
it.  She was finally going to be a slutty slave again!  She took
the warm wash four times and released it to the drain.  Finally Ursula
signaled satisfaction and Assistant helped Shirley from the bath.

While the preliminaries had been going on Ursula was inspecting the
suit, two suits actually, and other things in the little alcove. 
It took little time to figure out the various openings, what went in them,
and how to put the elaborate device together.  It was a bit like a
puzzle that not only had to have each piece in the right place but each
piece placed in its proper sequence.  A lot of attention had gone
into the planning of this equipment.  She inspected the guy straps
above the treadmill closely.  When she pulled on one of the shoulder
straps, the computer drive light spun up.  She didn’t really know
what command the tension on the line invoked but she assumed it had to
do with the training and punishment.

She watched the rubberized fellow hanging in suspension, as his bondage
cycle seemed to be in a stimulation/denial sequence.  It was quite
erotic to see him quivering on the edge of release only to slump as the
system cut off the stimuli.  Then he’d arch his back as something
signaled a need to send some punishment pulse through him.  She'd
figure it all out soon enough.

Assistant sat Shirley down on the dressing stool.  The inner rubber
suit was ready to put on.  It's interior coated in the light lubricating
gel to ease its donning.  The suit was thin Nomex rubber.  Not
latex but a very strong and durable rubber that could be made in sheets
so thin to be almost transparent, even though the actual color of this
suit was pewter gray.  The nice thing about this suit was there was
no chance of an allergic reaction.  In addition the thin smooth skin
was almost undetectable to the wearer once it was at body temperature. 
But it did squeeze the body and stretch and massage as the wearer moved. 
It had feet but no sleeves or zips.  Wide shoulder straps would make
it comfortably cozy on the body.  The suit had a vaginal sheath, clitoris
bud and catheter tube built into its front panel.  The sheath had
a small opening at its base as well.  The rear had a reinforced rubber
opening with a metal twist lock ring to accommodate the combination vibrator/enema
flush plug that would reside deep inside her tender rectum.  The size
of the thing, based on the diameter of the reinforced circle, would split
her cheeks harshly, providing an obvious presence and reminder of rubber
servitude.  There were little veins of thin wiring inside the skin
of the suit.  These seemed to concentrate at the vaginal, the sheath
and molded labia, the anal region and the two breast cups.  She noted
a large concentration of wires toward the end of the sheath, corresponding
with the G-spot.  Additional runs of wiring went down the inner thighs
and from each breast cup in two sweeping curves to above the belly button
then straight down to the vaginal cluster and from the ass up the back,
splitting above the small of the back and continuing over the shoulder
blades to meet at the breasts.  There were tiny exposed female snap
recesses above the clitoris nub and the anal crack region where the wires
all seemed to terminate.

The suit slid on easily.  Shirley sat dutifully as the thin, almost
gossamer rubber covered her in a delicate layer of deliciously decadent
rubber.  She held her head back and thrilled as the cool rubber slowly
crept up her legs with the help of Assistant.  Once the legs were
covered, Shirley had to stand.

Assistant used a small dildo to push the vaginal sheath into the Shirley's
dripping flower.  Ursula noted her arousal with glee.  This was
way too easy.   Assistant lined up the ass ring with Shirley's
tight sphincter and pulled the suit over her hips.  Assistant pushed
the catheter tube into the urethra then with a gloved finger tugging gently
at Shirley's clit jewelry, slipped her clit ring and piercing through the
tiny slit in the clit nub.  Shirley shivered as the glove rubbed her
clit, pulled it with a delightful pinch that sent a sudden shock through
her and then felt the rubber cozy up to the base of her aroused and exposed
little button.

At this point Ursula saw a need to improvise.  The suit had not
been made to accommodate the six labia rings.  Perhaps an oversight
but more likely the rings were a recent addition to Slut Shirley’s body
and were not in the original suit design.  She used a scalpel to make
six small incisions in the Nomex.  She was extremely happy for this
suit, as the material would not split from this modification the way latex
could.  She pushed a clamp into each slit and pulled the hidden ring
out into the open.

Ursula stepped back to admire the amazing result…two aligned rows of
silver loops lining the rubberized gate with the pinnacle stud and ring
at the apex framed by the shaped pussy lips of silvery gray rubber. 
It was a beautiful sight for any rubber lover to behold!  She also
had to think of some interesting addition to make better use of these rings
beyond adornment.  She had already noted the main suit had mating
male snaps for the two females in this suit but there was nothing for the
rings.  That seemed a waste since their beauty would be hidden inside
the heavy suit.  She pondered her dilemma while Assistant continued
with the dressing.

Assistant finished pulling the suit up over chest and back.  Slits
for the nipple rings were centered in the wiring cluster of the breast
cup.  Assistant pulled each stud/ring through its slit and let the
rubber snap back, trapping the dark swollen teats securely.  
Ursula rummaged through a goody drawer in a corner cabinet and found
some lightweight chain…now this was just too good!  She attached the
center link of the chain to the clit ring with a little ring hook, then
she hooked it snuggly to the top labia ring on each side, forming an upside
down “V”.  She made sure there was no slack in the short spans to
the top two rings.  She crisscrossed the chain through the other two
sets of rings, again making certain the connecting clips kept the chain
taut while Slut Shirley stood.  She checked the position of the crossing
pattern and the sheath to make certain there was easy access.  She
clipped the two lengths of chain together and let them hang for now.

Assistant sat Slut on the stool and rolled latex stockings up each leg. 
The stockings were extra coverage that Ursula just thought would be nice. 
Shirley felt the tight latex gripping the inner suit.  She assumed
this was the new suit being put on, though she thought the tight feel wasn’t
as much as she’d originally anticipated.  There was a twinge of disappointment
that this new feel wasn’t as expected.  Assistant hadn’t put on the
vibrator panties either!

“Mistre…”

“Silence, Slut!”

She was surprised when Assistant stopped at the top of her thighs and
next rolled the long rubber gloves onto her naked arms.

Mistress handed Assistant the next item to slip on, the vibrator shorts. 
Two hollow shafts, cylinders, protruded from each phalli base.  The
vaginal cylinder was about one-inch long.  The anal one about three
inches.  There was a thick rubber housing linking the two pipes. 
A thin metallic link attached the centers of the two phalli residing inside
the cylinders, disappearing into two slots in the cylinder walls. 
Ursula pulled on the anal phallus and it slid down the cylinder. 
The pussy plug slid up its cylinder.  Its range of motion was less
than the ass plug.  The little housing must have some sort of fulcrum
arrangement.  It was an ingeniously simple system.  Obviously
an external connector rod for the operation hooked to a ring in the base
of the anal plug making a mechanical connection to a cam on a motor. 
She added a slit above a small metal locking ring of some hidden, for now,
purpose in the thick rubber base to feed the chains through and added two
rings on the sides of the anal plug reinforcing grommet to hook the chains
to the shorts before handing them over.

Assistant next slipped the shorts onto each leg.  Assistant stood
Shirley up.  To her surprise, Assistant attached thick cuffs to her
wrists and hoisted her arms above her head until her toes just touched
the floor.

“I’ve inspected the toys in these shorts, I thought a little restraint
was needed to facilitate the insertion.  I must admit, your specifications
exceed my most imaginative form of torture,” Ursula said, providing an
explanation she would have preferred to keep unsaid.  She knew that
maintaining some level of decency by way of explaining some of the actions
that might have been unexpected is both appropriate between slave and mistress
and necessary to maintain cooperative order until the slave is bound enough
to cause no more trouble.

“I’ll gag you temporarily too so you won’t be too noisy.”  Mistress
slipped a large ball gag in Slut’s mouth and cinched up its straps.

Assistant continued, pulling the shorts up until the lubricated vaginal
vibe and the hollow combination butt vibe plug and enema flush were touching
the sheath gash and anal opening, respectively.

Shirley clinched, as she knew what was coming.  She’d provided
the specifications for these two toys but now that they were about to be
introduced into her nether recesses, she wondered if the masochistic flight
of fantasy might have been a bit much.  The vaginal plug in particular
was an evil construction. It was seven inches long and 2 inches in diameter. 
It had, along its entire length, stubby vanes projecting outwards a quarter
of an inch from the curved surface.  The vanes would press intimately
through the protective sheath into the sensitive inner flesh of her birth
canal and reach deep into her uterus.  A little hooked finger projected
from the reinforcing ring at the base of the dildo to press against her
clitoris.  The finger was slightly concave and full of little bristly
nubs where it contacted the clit.  A slightly crooked end, like a
bent first knuckle, had a small hollow with a slit for access.  The
wire edge of the slit acted like a spring.  When squeezed it spread
so the clit stud’s little metal bead could slip into the hollow pocket. 
The springy wire would snap closed on the stud stem, locking the clit stimulator
to its intended target.  The wiring in the stimulator also mated with
the clit bead to form a circuit with the inner suit‘s network.  Assistant
worked the shorts higher up the waist then pulled the vaginal vibe base
back stretching the front panel before pushing its gel-coated length home.

When Assistant rotated the plug slowly while maintaining the pressure,
Shirley felt those evil vanes in the most astounding and uncomfortable
way possible.  Her audible grunts filled the room and she squirmed
against the bonds in vain.  Assistant pulled the catheter line through
its matching opening in the shorts.  Assistant squeezed the clit finger
and let the stud slip into its new home.  When the springs snapped
over the bead, Slut shivered slightly.  Then the rubber snapped back
as Assistant withdrew and the evil toy pushed deeper inside Slut’s sheathed
flower.  She jerked visible and the wide wrist cuffs bit her flesh. 
No mercy spared, Assistant lined up the slimy six-inch ass plug and drove
it deep inside Slut’s ass.  She could only thrash silently and madly
in her tensioned bondage while Assistant teased, then ruthlessly penetrated
her with the huge phalli.  She thought that the two probes were touching
each other inside her body.

Assistant fished the two chains out through the slit Ursula had made
near the metal lock ring and locked them to the rings on either side of
the butt plug.  They bit against the short span of rubber-covered
flesh between pussy and ass above Slut’s rubberized legs.  Assistant
pushed the front and rear male snaps on the shorts into the corresponding
female fasteners on the inner suit.

The deed done Shirley slumped in the bonds as Assistant released her
and sat her down on the stool.  She grunted as her weight drove the
two intruders deeper into her sensitive orifices.  “Gawd, what was
I thinking!” She thought as sweat broke heavily on her brow and tears welled
up in her eyes from the intense pleasure/pain surging deep inside. 
The chains pulled viciously at her clit and pulled her pussy lips tighter
around that thick phallus when she sat as well!  That was an unexpected
addition to her torment!  Then a shiver of erotic delight swept through
her body, as she knew this was what she’d wanted.

Ursula smiled as the Slut exposed her inner thoughts so easily. 
“This is just too easy,” she mumbled to herself again.

Now Assistant began pulling on the coup-de-gras, the outer rubber suit
that would seal Slut’s fate.  Slut marveled as the tight thick rubber
began squeezing her legs.  This is what she’d expected!  The
extra layer of the stocking made the tight suit just that deliciously little
bit tighter and added to the new sensation.  Assistant stood her up
and slowly worked air out of the shiny black legs.  Slut shivered
for the millionth time (in her thoughts) as the massaging squeezes worked
up her legs.

Assistant pulled the thick rubber suit over Slut’s hips.  The suit
had an hourglass shaped piece with a wide gash with little round widening
to accommodate the phalli piston mechanism.  Its  reinforced
rubber pressed the pussy vibe deeper, kept Slut’s legs slightly parted
and widened in the rear to press and squeeze her ass cheeks tighter against
that monster plug.  Ursula stepped in and cemented the edge flaps
of the suit to the hard rubber covering the piston mechanism in the shorts,
ensuring a fluid-tight seal.  In front there was a little short tube
with a little nozzle fitted on its end that pushed into the little ovoid
in the shorts and mated with the groove on the dildo.  A little mechanical
click indicated a hard lock.  The catheter tube slipped through a
matching opening in the heavy rubber.  Then Assistant found the two
male snaps that, as with the shorts had done to the inner suit, mated to
two female fasteners on the outside of the shorts.

Ursula stepped in at this point.  She cemented the catheter tube
to the outer suit with a little rubber gasket ring.  She added a one-way
valve/connector combination to the tube.  She still puzzled over the
little tube that seemed to fit under the dildo cylinder.  It mated
with that little groove on the outside of the cylinder that matched the
sheath opening she’d seen.  It dawned on her…the little Slut had thought
of female problems!  That little groove would allow the accumulated
blood to pass out of the suit during her “time”!  What an ingeniously
simple solution to a very old problem!  With that in mind, a two-way
valve/connector that would allow a douche into the forbidden recess or
a slight vacuum to assist in removing fluid would be a very good addition. 
She added the valve.

The outside of the suit had two small female electrical connections
that matched the snap locations.  Odd, Ursula had missed that during
her initial inspection, probably the small size of the plugs hid them as
she’d surveyed the heavy rubber folds of the suit’s skin.  She now
understood the intriguing possibilities of that inner suit with all of
its thin wiring weaving through its skin!  She noted that the rubber
bulge of the piston/cylinder mechanism was nearly invisible between the
slightly spread legs of Slut.  It was an amazing sight.

Ursula went over to the Thing to inspect his situation more closely. 
It was pretty obvious that all of the connections in his suit were duplicated
in Slut’s suit.  She noted the electrical wires connected to a little
transformer next to the computer.  A line ran from the generator to
a central control box that was connected, in turn, to the computer as an
external drive.

Catheter tubing and enema/flush tubing were connected to the Thing. 
These fed to a set of small pumps that were also connected to the control
box.  More lines ran from the pumps to the wall.  One was connected
to a valve connection.  That must have been the water line. 
The other seemed to gravity feed into a floor drain.  It was obviously
the waste line.  The tubing coming from the ovoid mouth went to another
pump system.  Two lines went from the pump, one to a large refrigerated
tank and the other to a water line.  Ursula stepped to the tank, opened
the top and peered at an unappetizing mix of tan paste.  “Probably
not too tasty,” she thought, “But nourishing.”  The tubes from the
gasmask inlet went through a regulator to a tank labeled “O2”.  Control
wires ran from the respirator to the control box.
So that was how you put someone into semi-permanent rubber isolation,
bondage, and punishment.  Interesting.

She put her attention to the equipment in the alcove.  There was
the control box, the pumps for the waste, enemas, food and water. 
Tubing that matched the diameter and material of the ones connected to
the Thing sat next to each pump.  There were two additional little
pumps, one tagged “Vaginal waste” the other tagged “breast/nipple pump. 
This device had four air nipples labeled: right nipple suction, right breast
ring inflation, left nipple suction and left breast ring inflation. 
Long lengths of plastic tubing were sitting in bundles by the device. 
A control box like the one hooked to the Thing was in the alcove, too. 
Each control wire connector was tagged for identity.   It had
all of the same fittings and feature as the one controlling Thing with
the one added connector for the vaginal evacuation system and the breast
hydraulics.

She checked the desktop icons and saw one identified as “System Maintenance”. 
She clicked the icon and a new window opened with two icons, Male and Female. 
She clicked on the “Male” icon revealing tabbed entries with notations. 
She saw setting for neck muscle pressure, shoulder harness tension, anal
muscle contraction, jaw clinch, penal temperature, body temperature, and
more.  There was a screen to program the sexual arousal and stimulation
cycles for the cock rings and anal plug.  There was a complete screen
dedicated to enema cycles.  There was a screen for treadmill speed. 
This system controlled a rubber fetishist’s wildest desires!  Several
bar scales indicated current processes, pulse, respiration, oxygen level,
blood pressure and temperature.  She watched as the bobbing scales
indicated the Thing was rapidly rushing toward another of his unending
orgasms.  The bars on the scales rose sharply as the machinery sped
the prisoner toward his fate.  Then everything stopped and the bars
quivered just below a digitally marked threshold line, before sinking back
toward a lower level.  The equipment whirred into action again. 
So the Thing was in a tease/denial sequence just now.  How delicious! 
She felt a bit voyeuristic as she watched the monitors of the internal
bodily process responding to sexual stimulation.

She closed the window and opened the Female icon.  Similar screens
appeared.  There were settings all ready typed into the various tabs. 
She clicked on the “default” button and saw none of the numbers change. 
Well, default might be a good start.  Once she figured out the complete
range of the program and the tolerances of her prisoner, she would adjust
accordingly.  Then a new thought emerged from the most sadistic corner
of her mind.  Slut knew the settings; she’d provided the information
to the programmer.

Ursula opened the male window and compared settings.  Sure enough,
the ones that seemed to control output to the suit were much higher than
the female settings.  Conversely, the settings for information feedback
seemed lower.

Most of the settings were about 25 percent of the male ones.  Ursula
was certain that male had been in his state quite some time.  His
settings had probably been altered over time to increase severity of punishment
and reduce level of feedback required to initiate a punishment.  Ursula
decided to adjust all the female punishment setting to a 50 percent level
of the male.  She lowered the feedback thresholds to within 10 percent
of the male counterparts.  Now that would be an unpleasant, but hopefully
intensely erotic surprise for Slut when the training started.  She
increased the vacuum of the for the nipple suction by 15 percent and the
inflation of the breast rings by 10 percent.  She’d watch the results
and change any settings accordingly.

Now Ursula had another inspiration!  Assistant was about to start
feeding the sleeves of the suit onto Slut’s rubberized arms.

“Wait.”

Ursula took up a small pair of nippers and a little emery board. 
She inverted the breast cups of the suit and nipped at each of the little
rubber nubs encircling the nipple rings.  She didn’t cut them off. 
She just pruned the tips to pointed edges.  The thin metal wires from
the electrical circuitry were just slightly exposed at the sharpened rubber
tips.

“Now you can proceed.”

Assistant slid the crotch high ballet boots onto each leg.  Slut
held each leg out while Assistant laced the boots.  Gawd, those were
tight, thought Slut as the heavy rubber slowly squeezed her legs into rigid
compliance.  She remembered Bill’s comment, “Don’t expect me to walk
in these thing,” and smiled inside…he’d learned how to walk, for sure.  
Assistant finished lacing each boot.  Slut tried to flex her legs. 
She could bend her knee only a few inches!  Between her boots and
that strap between her legs, she must have been a hell of a site with open
rubbery legs directing all looks to her rubbery hidden sexual pleasures. 
Assistant slipped each arm into the awaiting sleeve.  Slut knew
what to expect.  The cold rubber slowly encased her arms and at the
end her hands would plunge into the paddle/gloves that held each finger
in individual isolation and made her hands useless.  Sure enough the
fingers slid home and her stomach fluttered in delight.  Assistant
worked the air out of the arms and had her stand.  She teetered in
the heels.  Ursula steadied her slut as Assistant pulled the suit
to Slut’s nubile and sensuous mounds.

**Chapter 3 - Discoveries**

The cool cups of the built-in bra suddenly covered her petite breasts
in another layer of rubber.  Slut shrugged her shoulders, feeling
her begin to slide slowly into the snug containment.  She twisted
sensuously to settle herself further into the glossy jet black covering
and felt the thick and stretchy rubber rings, like narrow donuts, slipping
down over her breasts.  As they settled against her chest, they slowly
tightened around the base of each mound. These rings acted as loose snares,
keeping each breast blood-engorged and sensitive under the first suit just
like she‘d imagined as she wrote the specs for these little devices. 
In short order she would find that they also ensured each breast would
always remain fully captive within its highly specialized containment. 
For her suit, she’d asked that these donuts be inflatable.  She didn’t
know the ultimate results she would discover in the tender mercies of Mistress
Ursula.  It would be a terrifying revelation.

Her nipples pushed out towards the tip of each cup, and then slowly
each swollen teat inside the little nipple pouches of the first suit pressed
themselves past the ring of nubs surrounding the cup's apexes just below
small, secondary teat-suckling caps.  She grunted with startled surprise
and pain when they dragged across the sensitive skin of her already erected
nipples.

“I made some minor modifications to your little teasing nubs to increase
the carnal pleasure,” Ursula smiled knowing the discovery.

The engorged flesh under the first suit’s nipple teats slid almost effortlessly
past the rings of outwardly angled nubs and Slut couldn't avoid it happening.

The doubled rubber skin restricted her arms when she tried to reach
up with her useless, hand mitts and automatically attempt, uselessly, to
grasp and pull the squeezing, painful bra cups away from her breasts. 
It was too late.

Ursula smiled at Slut.  “I’m in control, dear.  This might
be your fantasy but it’s mine to complete. You’re just a slutty little
insignificant slave along for the ride.”

Slut shivered with a thrill at those words.  This was exactly what
she’d hoped for!

The outward pointing nubs prohibited the withdrawal of any flesh that
had already passed beyond their guardian rings of impalement, and Slut
knew instinctively that they would insert themselves into her sensitive
nipples if anyone tried to pull the cups away from her breasts. Slut moaned
with arousal and fear at the sliding and prickling sensation, quickly realizing
that she'd be unable to touch or remove her breasts from the suit, until
Ursula released the rings by using the expander tool accessory.

Ursula had that figured to.  She held up the little metal device
that she pressed down on the nipple to wedge against the base of the nubs
and the ring.  It was painful but with pressure and a squeeze of the
handles the left nipple ring spread open momentarily releasing the nipple…just
long enough for Assistant to grasp the stud ring with a surgical clamp
and pull it past the little guardian nubs.  Ursula closed the expander
and let the nubs bite into the base of fleshy bud behind the stud! 
She quickly did the same to the right nipple as Slut cringed and grunted.

Ursula didn’t pull the rings through the slit at the tip of the teat. 
She knew that was where the suction cup for the vacuum tube went. 
With a little clip of scissors, a tiny slit allowed each ring to pop out
of the rubber behind the suction slit.  Ursula watched as Assistant
cemented little guard strips around the base of the studs to seal the opening
they’d slipped through.

Gritting her teeth against the painful attentions of the sharpened points,
Slut shrugged the last folds up then over her shoulders, feeling her nipples
and aureoles being forced further and further past the hidden points, entrapping
them ever more deeply.

Assistant pulled strongly on the opened sides of thick rubber skin on
her back, struggling to get it into full contact around her body.

"Is this what you expected, Slut, when you were ordering your suit and
toys?”  Ursula removed the gag.  “You may answer direct questions,
Slut.”

"You surprised me…”

Ursula cut her off, “No excuses, answer the question!”

“It’s all and more, Mistress,” Shirley said.  She thought, “Those
damn nipple rings are a major surprise and I’m not too sure about those
things yet!”

For a few moments more Slut continued twisting and writhing while the
garment gradually slipped into a perfect fit. It was very tight, and about
to become even more so.  The pain in her nipples gradually dulled
but remained quite noticeable.

“Are you ready to continue?”  Mistress asked a question that really
had only one response.

She hoped it would be affirmative so she could continue to have a compliant
slave until too late.

"I guess I'm ready for whatever comes next." Slut gasped, unconsciously
shivering herself to escape the painful sticking of the needle-like nubs.
Of course, all that this did was to settle them ever more deeply. She waited
impatiently while Assistant arranged the next pieces on the bench behind
her stool.

"Well, you are a sight for a rubber fetishist!" Ursula exclaimed with
anticipation while she walked around Slut, inspecting the fit and watching
how she teetered, still blindfolded, in the ballet heels, trying to get
used to the boots.

Assistant guided her, still blindfolded, to the high stool that was
bolted to the floor, and helped her to sit on it. Once seated, Assistant
pulled a wide leather strap tightly over her thighs, anchoring her in place,
then began to feed the thin, woven-wire laces through the grommet holes
on the edges of the built-in corset. A couple of moments later they were
completely threaded, then Assistant began the tightening process from the
back, pulling them in forcefully while she sat staring blindly ahead.

"Jesus!" she gasped when the corset began to bite unmercifully into
her waist and compress her ribcage.

“Silence!”

Slut seemed to lift a mitt slightly, "How far in are you going to pull
this thing?"

“Silence!  You know the limits of the corset.  You wrote the
specifications!”

Slut realized that she had indeed written the specifications. 
She must have been in one hellova masochistic state when she’d penned the
measurements!

Ursula relented a bit.  "Just a little more Slut and Nurse will
have the edges meeting all the way from the top to the bottom."  This
was getting dicey.  Slut was certainly under control now but if she
began to struggle, the process could get ugly.  Must keep her under
control.

Nurse/Assistant grunted, keeping a constant tension on the thin wires
while they slipped slowly through their grommets; gradually pulling the
rigidly double-boned integral corset tighter and tighter.  Slut felt
the corset's punishing structure, almost invisible, as it tightened.
Slut slowly remembered how it reached from just under her armpits to
well down over her hips! She felt the flattening busk between her tits
with its open reinforced ovals guiding her trapped breasts apart and pushing
cruelly down on the lasso rings at the base of each succulent mound as
Nurse tightened the laces.  She imagined how the exposed blood-engorged
globes of soft rubberized flesh were jutting provocatively in the center
of the rigid encircling busk piece that flattened the surrounding flesh. 
She visualized how the busk split into a smooth yoke just above the breast
braces and curved back over her shoulders to join to the back of the corset
and acting as an inner shoulder brace harness that firmly pulled her into
a 'proper' posture.

"Gawd!! I don't know how long I can stand this!" she thought, feeling
the bottom of the stringent garment clamp itself over her hips and buttocks,
then pull her shoulders back, forcing her to sit more and more erectly
with each passing moment.  The intent had been for the combination
of the suit, the shoulder brace, and the corset to become, virtually, her
second skin; one that she could not be freed from without help.  She
whimpered but smiled a bit as she realized her specifications far exceeded
her wildest expectation!

Disregarding her grunts and moans, Nurse continued the work behind her
silently pulling the last slack from the lacing.  A couple of sharp
clicks sounded when Nurse cut the ends short after clamping them with little
metal tabs.  Slut didn’t know about this little added touch. 
She’d be unable to loosen them without help.  And so she sat patiently
waiting while Nurse finished this part of her entrapment.  Nurse slipped
the clamped wires under the lacing.

Nurse locked Slut’s wrists in the wide bands attached to the stool seat. 
Now she was sitting on the stool with legs and arms immobilized. 
She was truly totally helpless at this point and a new shiver coursed through
her retched body as masochistic lust bubbled closer to the surface.

Ursula whisked the blind-fold away and Slut blinked rapidly when the
bright overhead lights struck her eyes. She inspected herself in a strategically
placed full-length mirror and was amazed at the transformation that had
taken place in her appearance. The corset had dramatically reduced her
already small waist.  She stared, fascinated, at her reflection; drinking
in the look of her glossy black covering, watching the highlights of the
over-head lights flowing and spreading over the rubber skin that she'd
longed to be a prisoner within.

“Bill had been amazing in his suit at this point, I’m ravishing, gorgeous,
stunning, dazzling and more!” Shirley thought and smiled with spontaneous
joy!  Only her head was exposed to the open air…her bald and shiny
skull surprised her!  The nipple rings shone brilliantly in contrast
to the shiny ebony of the suit.  Slut was utterly taken by this newest
vision of herself.  Tears of joy rolled down her cheeks as she saw
her transformation in fantasy becoming reality!

“My hair!”

Ursula shushed her soothingly.  “It was necessary to complete your
vision when the hoods are worn.  It’ll grow back soon enough. 
Meantime, I will get you a nice wig to wear, no extra charge.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

Ursula could have added that Slut would never need her hair again but
it was still a bit too early.  “Speaking of which, it’s time to put
you into the hoods and mask!”

Slut knew this was the final act.  This was the act that would
achieve her ultimate masochistic fantasy.  She shook at the Mistress’
words.

Mistress decided to be an active player in the installation of the hoods
and gag.  She was aroused by the intricate design enough to want to
have these made for all of her clients.  Just locking the interwoven
layers of rubber over the victim’s head drove her wildly horny.  She
glanced at the Thing in suspension.  That was a thought.

“Now for the first hood.”  Mistress took the open face hood and
slipped it over Slut’s hairless head.  It had anatomic ears that fitted
against the ears the long plugs slipped deep into the ear canals. 
Just like the Thing’s studs, these studs allowed the thick plug to pass
into the canal then lock in place.  Sound snuffed off.  Slut
let Mistress know, “I can’t hear, Mistress.”

“I know that, dear.”  Slut Mistress’ voice through a mechanical
device inside the plugs.  “I’ve studied your plans.”

Slut nodded as she digested this information.  Mistress Ursula
was a very quick study.  The arousal of anticipation surged higher
as Slut realized that she was in the hands of a true professional who would
know exactly how to use the elaborate equipment to achieve maximum results. 
In this case, Shirley/Slut was anticipating a total journey into her deepest
masochistic recesses and fulfillment of a five-month festering desire to
discover what was beyond the gate to this darkest place in her mind.

“Open wide.”  Mistress held the menacingly large rubber gag shaped
to fit the inside of her mouth perfectly.  It had a round three quarter-inch
diameter opening in its mouth and the opening seemed to pass all the way
through the thing to the back.  Slut opened her mouth and the huge
thing passed her lips.  It filled her mouth.  She knew it would
but she still grunted as she gagged on the thing.  Her tongue found
a little rubber pouch to slip into and when the thing seemed to be breaking
her jaw, the teeth found slots to clamp down.  Even though she knew
the consequences, the reflex to bite down was too much and she closed her
mouth over the thing.  When she tried to open again her teeth were
locked into the gag by the suction.

“My dentist did as fine a job with my impressions as he’d done with
Bill’s,“ she mused in her thoughts.  The custom gag matched her mouth
perfectly.  There was no possible to spit it out without help. 
As soon as all of the hoods and equipment was in place she knew there was
no escape until Mistress finished the session.

“I gather this is a custom made appliance designed to fit only your
mouth.  I’m sure you’ll find it quite comfortable, eventually.”

Now the first terror of the night session flashed in her eyes. 
“Eventually had an air of finality to it,” Slut thought as she remembered
saying those exact words to Thing so long ago.

Mistress stood beside her.  “Not to worry my dear.  I’ll going
to take very good care of you.  You are after all my personal rubber
slut.”

“Déjà vu!”  Slut reassured Thing with almost the
same words!  Slut knew struggle was in vain but she tried and soon
gave up.

The full hood with long neck skirts was next.  Mistress quickly
pulled the tight rubber thing to her face.  The earplugs worked deeper
into the canals.  Mistress worked long tubes into her nose. 
Slut could feel the things working slowly down into the throat.  She
pumped little bulbs and the tubes filled with air and locked into place. 
She checked Slut’s breathing, now unsteady and rapid.

Slut knew every piece of the puzzle.  She’d labored over the design
of the customized equipment, yet now that she was actually submitting to
the tender pleasure/pain the equipment would deliver, she was shocked by
the depth of despair and lust the actual treatment invoked.

Slut looked at the bright silver ring seemed to framing her mouth like
a surprised, “Oh!”

She  thought the expression was quite accurate.  Nurse zipped
the hood closed at the back and tucked the hood under the shoulders of
the suit and zipped the suit to the base of the collar.  The long
neck piece still hung open. The tight hood clamped against her face. 
She stared at the shiny ebony figure strapped helplessly to the stool and
realized the figure beneath the sensuous shiny rubber was herself and she
shook with lust despite her fear.

“Oh, Slut does love it so,” Slut heard through the communications link.

Nurse wrapped the thick padded posture collar around her neck. 
Slut had to lift her head to the sky to cradle her skull in the nesting
saddle of rubber-lined steel.  The spring of the collar snapped it
shut as Nurse closed it.  The locking hasps disappeared inside the
mechanism.  Slut remembered the spec for the collar.  The special
release tool was in the accessory kit.  She wondered in terror if
Mistress knew about the kit!  She tried to move her head but could
only manage slight side-to-side movement.

Now Mistress took up the black rubber feeding tube.  Slut wondered
what Thing thought it had been before she started feeding it into his mouth. 
It looked like a snake.

Mistress explained the process that Slut already knew.  “You must
swallow this down as I feed it through the gag or else you might choke.” 
She said more about the gag reflex and irritation that Slut didn’t really
hear.  Her eyes were locked on the slimy thing that would become one
piece of her life-giving machinery once it was in place.  Mistress
commented at the end of her speech, “But then you already know about the
feeding tube.”  Slut jerked out of her reverie.

Slut could do nothing but accept the slippery thing as Mistress fed
it into the mouth circle.  Slut grunted and felt gag reflex but 
swallowed and the thing slid down her throat.  A little twist at the
end of the tube and it locked with a snap onto the ring in the gag. 
Mistress pumped a little bulb and Slut felt the thing sealing itself inside
her.

Mistress stood back, hands on hips and nodded admiringly.  She
picked up the modified gasmask.  It was the standard military combat
mask attached to a hood, just like Thing‘s.  The outlet cup was modified
to mate with the feeding tube but the exhaust slits were still beneath
the opening.  It had two round eye ports to see out of, a nose cup
that would fit the tubes protruding from Slut’s nose and an opening for
the feeding tube to seat against from the inside.  It had two inlet
ports in each cheek like any gasmask.  A curved metal neckpiece in
the base of the hood mated with the collar.  Mistress pulled the thing
to Slut’s face from behind.  She carefully adjusted the breathing
tubes to the nose cup.  She pushed the mouth to the feed tube and
Slut heard the vibration of the snap in her ears.  Slut shivered again
with the knowledge of her growing isolation and reliance on this rubberized
cocoon.  Mistress closed the zipper of the hood and the ring aligned
with the collar.  The hood base locked to the collar piece with a
snap.  Again the fear of the permanence and the conflicting power
of the enclosing rubber suit twisted Slut in all directions at once. 
She heard the popping of rubber gasket valves as she breathed in and out.

Mistress picked up a controller and pushed a button.  Slut’s view
went dark.  “This mask is very nice.  I especially like those
polarized lenses.  I commend your imagination, Slut.  You are
a genius!  She seemed to mock Slut’s predicament.

Vision view returned and Slut stared at her shiny rubber encased body
with the bizarre gasmask and silvery eye circles looking blankly back at
her.  Gawd, she and Thing were male/female bookends!  They were
two peas in the same pod!  She shuddered visibly at the thought.

Mistress pulled the “second skin” hood over the gasmask.  Like
Thing’s, it matched the eye ports, snout and inlet ports perfectly. 
Nurse cemented the exposed edges of the hood’s opening to the mask. 
Then Mistress finished rolling the suit’s neck rubber over the outer rubber
hood’s neck.  She zipping the suit  closed then used rubber cement
to seal the overlapping neckpiece to the outer hood of the mask. 
As Slut watched, she added more cement to parts of the suit with exposed
zippers and she sealed little flaps smoothly to the suit.  The permanence
of her design sent the strongest shock through her trembling body yet. 
What had she done?

Mistress now applied her attention to Thing.  She’d decided that
suspension was the first punishment the little Slut needed.  Thing
was already in suspension so he had to come down.  Mistress decided
he needed rest.  So the bed plank seemed to be the place for him. 
She lowered him from the chains and helped him to the bed.  She helped
him onto the shelf and pulled the bag around him snuggly.  He was
absolutely compliant through the process, obviously resigned to whatever
came.  He’d really been in this bondage for some time.  Mistress
reconnected his tubing and pulled all of the straps tightly about his body. 
She pulled the two-way zip up enough so that his sheathed and ringed cock
was standing out of the sack in full rubbery glory.  She had some
really nice plans for that thick rubber sheathed and mechanized toy that
hid the hot manhood inside!

Nurse released Slut’s arms and attached them to the overhead hoist. 
Slut’s arm rose above her.  Then Nurse attached a hobble line to Slut’s
ankles.  She released the thigh straps and lifted slut off the ground. 
The suit harness took the weight and distributed it throughout the system. 
Nurse pulled all of the chains taut, leaving Slut dangling there between
floor and ceiling.

Mistress hooked up all of the wonderful tubes, control lines and electrical
feeds to the suit.  
She made it a breathing game as she attached lengths of tubing to the
inlet ports of the gasmask.  Slut sucked hard for air but the long
winding tubes seemed constricted.

"I can see that you're having some difficulty breathing, Slut." she
muttered, connecting then tugging on the two long corrugated rubber hoses
that would maintain and so overwhelmingly govern Slut’s life from now on. 
With a rapid twist of each wrist on the hose's locked to the inlet ports. 
Thirty seconds passed while she watched Slut’s staring eyes through the
multiple coverings. Slut’s chest heaved desperately to get air into starving
lungs; but the inner masks sucked even more tightly against her face when
she attempted to inhale.  Mistress switched on the oxygen-enriched
air supply then again watched closely. Now, Slut’s lungs were forcibly
filled and allowed to exhaust themselves, thanks to the compression of
the corset and suit, before being re-inflated.  Slut was but the body
inside an isolated rubber world, almost a human robot, encased in rubber. 
Her eyes closed in relief. At the regulator, the breathing bag slowly inflated
and deflated in cadence with each breath.

Her breathing was measured by the cycle of the forced inflation system. 
Terrifying thoughts coursed through her mind as I hung in her rubber prison. 
She trembled in excitement and fear as every possible fantasy rushed through
her mind.  Was this just the beginning of an incredible night to remember? 
Was this the beginning of some incredible week of concentrated rubber lusting? 
Was this punishment?  That thought spread and so did a dread. 
Slut really didn’t know much about this mysterious Mistress who appeared
at her door offering all of the answers.  Was this Rutherford’s idea? 
Did he guess the truth about Bill?  Gawd, it was too late now, she
thought suspended above the floor.

Slut abruptly realized that she was now truly locked inside her rubbery
layers, helplessly suspended in mid-air. In all of her dreams for this
moment, she didn’t realize how completely vulnerable and erotically aroused
she’d be!  Certainly, she could still move her raised hands and arms
against their slightly loose chains fastened to the spreader-bar above
her head, and she was able to kick her feet to the limits of the short
hobbles; but she was completely suspended! There wasn't any way for her
to get at a single one of her fastenings even had her fingers and thumbs
not been embedded in the sturdy mitts locked over her hands. She remained
anchored to the floor below by the chain locked to the hobbles, ensuring
that she was kept centered, even though she could bounce slightly on the
spring-loaded chains. With a gagged-strangled and ragged shriek of near-hysteria
she thrashed frenziedly against her restraints, desperate to somehow free
herself.

Mistress watched with fascination as the range of emotions played out
before her eyes.
She opened the computer file for “Female” and clicked of the “Execute”
button…how appropriate, Mistress thought.

Inside the cloying blackness of her masks, Slut felt the first stirrings
of her Discipline Equipment.

Her nipples began to tingle then suddenly fierce, vibrating, pulsing,
shocks coursed through the tender, blood-engorged, needlelike nub penetrated
and sensitive flesh.  Her breasts and nipples, already swollen with
sensitizing blood, extruded even further outwards into the small teat sucker
cups at the tips of the tight breast confinements; pushing deeply through,
and past, the needle/nub rings so that they began a further re-penetration. 
Within the mitts, her rubber encased and isolated fingers attempted to
claw their way out of the dense foam surrounding them, frantically trying
to free themselves.  Slut screamed against the huge, totally efficient
plug in her mouth from the sudden, inescapable agony of the needling shocks,
even as the suit began to discipline her tongue and mouth with pulsing
waves of agonizing strength.

Her specifications for the equipment had been perfect, drawn up in a
demented mind of fantasy, truly beyond any realm of reality and now she
had allowed herself to be locked in this erotically perverse prison!

Her legs flailed against their short hobbling wires, jerking spastically
when she automatically tried to pull them as far up as she could. 
The chain attached to her clit and pussy raked and bit and pulled her labia
closer to the phallus as she kicked and strained in pain.  It was
impossible! Her ankle-cuffs were jerked to an immediate stop by their short
wires, driving both the plugs deeper yet, and waggling them madly around
inside her loins. She screamed in mindless utterly feminine distress the
plugs twisted and jerked in response to the her own frenzied kicking.

The plug and clitoral electrodes seemed suddenly to ignite! Shocks first
twitched, then coursed with revolting pulses through her most sensitive
female flesh. Now howling incoherently against her gag, she writhed and
shook herself demented dance while she was disciplined.  Her inner
thighs started to shiver and jerk uncontrollably when more electrodes came
to life, making her spread her legs apart and jerk even more strongly on
her hobble wires!  When her legs opened what little they were permitted
by her fastenings, the finger and electrodes of the clitoral stimulator
pressed even more deeply into the node of her femininity than they had
before.  The little finger began to vibrate fiercely, rapidly driving
her into shivering and writhing fits of excitation and a wail of desire
and arousal pushed up her throat.  The collar reacted.  A sizzling
series of painful electrical pulses were unleashed from either side of
her clit, passing directly through the now supersensitive nerve center
of sensual universe!  The pain was acute and totally unexpected, and
she screeched with agony as her legs jerked spastically against their restraints. 
It went on and on!

Slut knew then that she had descended into the depths of a personal
hell that permitted no respite or release.  She was her own worse
enemy!  She’d designed the equipment, though a merciless Mistress
kept a professional eye on her victim.  In her loins, the fire and
needling of electricity grew stronger and stronger.  Her wild struggling
and writhing, bouncing there in isolation in mid-air, quickly disoriented
her from whatever grasp of her surroundings she had previously had and
forced her to concentrate her full awareness on her tortured erogenous
zones.  The shocks changed constantly in cadence and strength until
she became a raving mad woman and then passed out from the intense agony. 
Eventually Slut came back to awareness; but it was only to be assaulted
again!  With a slow and deliberate movement the two huge plugs embedded
within her vagina and ass alternately partially withdrew and thrust slowly
back into her depths!  They began to increase the tempo of thrusting
and withdrawal until she felt as though her very core was the cylinder
of some bizarre engine of pressure, pain, and pleasure! Along its huge
girth, soft yet intrusive rubber fingers slipped sibilantly over that semi-mythical
area known as the 'G' spot, teasing her again to higher and higher planes
of feminine sexual arousal until she thought that she would go utterly
crazy from the turmoil of the sensations being forced into her mind. 
In the rear, that monster raked through her rectal canal and pushed against
the thin wall of skin separating uterus from abdomen.  At times she
thought the two would touch each other in an explosion of erotic mayhem!

She strained to remain silent under the onslaught she was being subjected
to, biting hard onto the deep gag pad but it was a hopeless attempt. 
She groaned, then screamed, as the electronic sentinels attached to her
throat and collar unleashed more punishing electrical pulses through her
clitoris and nipples!  She couldn't stop her screaming and of course
the pulses built higher and higher until again she was driven from awareness
in an agony-illuminated burst of sensation.

The next time she woke, it was to experience another horrifying sensation.
From the hollow plug gripped by her anal sphincter, a flood of lukewarm
water surged up into her corset-compressed belly!  She screamed raggedly
again while her bowels filled, causing a discomfort that she never realized
could be felt as she suffered the first of many huge, forced enemas. 
Panting and gasping the oxygen-enriched air pumped through her mask into
her lungs, she bawled helplessly from the pain and terror, unable to escape
the intimate torturing; but there was even more to come.  Sensations
so overwhelming, that she couldn't even name them.

At the tips of her breasts, the doubled hoses and suction cups attached
to the nipples slowly began a pulsating suction and release cycle on her
ringed nipples and areolas.  At first the sensation was astoundingly
pleasurable; but the blood-engorged flesh quickly began to ache fiercely
from the strain of the throbbing vacuum being so callously and continually
applied.  To add to her horror and discomfort, at the end of each
suction cycle, her nipples gradually retracted into the ring of evilly
penetrating nubs!  They inexorably transfixed her super-sensitive
flesh, sending fresh, stifled screams from her steel and rubber-encased
throat. That though was nowhere near the final act of her breast's disciplining!

Now, the other options came into play! The nooses cinched around her
breasts against her chest wall were suddenly filled with high pressure
air! They closed around the bases of the fleshy masses, squeezing them
painfully away from her body and deeper into their rubbery cups! From the
outside, the rubber stretched as her breasts ballooned outwards. 
Her nipples were forced and sucked deeper and deeper past the torturing
rings of needles!  She cursed the Mistress that modification to her
suit!  What would have been erotically dull pleasure/pain was now
excruciating torture!  She felt as though her breasts were slowly
being severed from her body by the rubber nooses and they were so far removed
from sight and the ability of anyone to stop the process that she could
hardly stand the thought of what was happening to them and to her! 
The rings obviously filled to a much greater pressure than her default
specs.  She suspected the other setting were changed too!

Suddenly, vibrators buried within the two dildos and the one pressing
against her clitoris buzzed into a vibrating life all at once, sending
waves of incredible sexual stimulation crashing through her already reeling
mind. The sensations rose higher and higher, mixing inextricably into the
wash of flooding stimulation and at the monitor, Mistress checked her blood
pressure, breathing, and heart monitors; glancing at the pulsing bar graphs
on the screen that indicated her brain activity, checking to see that her
disciplining wasn't too severe, then she secured the key-board.

Mistress walked over to the Thing and boldly mounted his cock. 
She let the pulsating member slide into her dripping cunt and rode his
pulsing shaft to delightful explosion!

Oblivious of the wild sex inspired by her ordeal, Slut jerked and twisted
insanely in her personal hell of blackness, trying frantically to beg for
release from her mind-shattering torments, while she was assaulted again
and again by the horrible devices locked onto and inside her vulnerable,
encased body.  It was no use.  She was utterly silenced and totally
concealed from an unknowing and uncaring world beyond.

Despite her discomfort and devastating pain, her masochism began to
come to the fore while she was slowly and irresistibly aroused by the plunging
of the plug, the throbbing of the insidious vibrators and the constant
stimulation of her breasts.  Automatically prevented from crying out
her apologies and pleas for release; she began to ride the demonic attacks
on her mind and body, rising quickly to orgasmic release.

Everything suddenly stopped!!!

Mistress rode Thing to another incredible blast as Slut hung there in
frustration.  “This is the best good fortune I’ve ever had,” Mistress
thought.

The communications link sputtered to life, “By now, my little rubber
slut, you’ve figured out that I changed some of the settings on your equipment. 
I’m watching your vitals closely so not to worry your little head any.”

“The BITCH!”  Screamed Slut silently into her gag.

For long moments Slut was left hanging on the very edge of an incipient
explosion of female pleasure, gasping with exertion and frustration. 
Nothing happened. She could not get that final kick to get herself to a
climax!  Slut slowly recovered her senses within the limitless blackness
and silence of her suspension; but after some five minutes, the low-level
shocks and stimulation began once more.  Under the suit's gleaming
exterior, her already sensitized flesh responded rapidly to the renewed
stimuli and she was taken again to the pre-orgasmic plateau, suffering
the intense combination of pain and pleasure even more thoroughly than
she had the first time!

Unfortunately for her, the computer monitored her carefully while she
was being conditioned by the continual stimulation /punishment regime. 
Time after time it shut down the various inputs, just as she was ready
to detonate; leaving her to curse and scream frustratingly into her gag
with trembling and then whimpering desolation.  This process continued
unabated for long hours, until she was crazed with a desperate need to
achieve release, then finally, with a burst of completely unendurable sensations,
she was willingly forced over the edge to a titanic orgasm.

A fiery blast of magma turned her entire body and mental core into a
flooding plain of scintillating sensation then she passed out in an overwhelming
tidal wave of whirling star-bursts mixed with the white-hot lances of searing
and agonizing shocks.  She hung limply unconscious while her torments
tapered off; twitching, gasping, and sobbing with relief at their momentary
cessation and hopelessly struggling to free herself.

When she finally returned to full awareness much later, still suspended
in darkness and swinging gently back and forth, she began to realize that
it hadn't been a bad dream!  She really was a prisoner; gagged, blinded,
silenced utterly, and helplessly bound, with no way to escape from the
Mistress.  Her nipples burned fiercely from the pulsating suction
and the penetration of the sharpened nubs; but under the rubbery cups she
felt them begin to stiffen again, pulling at the rings deeply embedded
in their bases when more shocks began to twitch her breast-flesh! 
The nooses around their bases had relaxed their grip sometime during the
process; but they began to reassert their strangling hold on her once more. 
She screamed anew into her gag as her breasts were once more snared into
painful hemispheres of feminine vulnerability, and again the automatic
discipline cycle that her attempted screams triggered off punished her
terribly.

There was nothing she could do to stop the process!!!

More screams of hysteria tore from her soul when the imperative impulses
of electrical energy increased in intensity, making her sensitive mounds
turn into horribly painful sensory organs.  Tiny and perky, she’d
been quite proud of the way they set off her petite shape.  The torturing
of her breasts that she now suffered made her wish despairingly that she'd
never been born a female or had breasts!  Once more, the plugs buried
in her loins began their irresistible manipulations, making her thrash
crazily in suspension while she was forced to orgasm after orgasm after
orgasm.  And she relished in her masochistic lust and took back the
words she thought a moment before.  To be born a female and to achieve
such carnal heights filled her demented mind!

The dungeon resounded only to the clattering sound of her flailing chains,
for her strangled shrieks were kept fully contained within her masks, helmets
and the looping air hoses, and the powerful screams of Mistress as she
rode Thing to her seventh massive explosion of carnal lust!  Mistress
noted that the Thing hadn’t been exactly dormant during the game. 
He’d had at least four rocking orgasms of his own, carrying him to rolling
heights of passion, aware of the weight on his crotch, but totally unaware
of what the weight meant.  After his fourth cum, Mistress switched
the control on his mask to view.  She saw no change in the silver
eyes lenses but the sudden and renewed shaking of the trembling bound body
was enough for her to know his new arousal was totally in response to the
rubberized vision of woman sexuality sitting across his midriff! 
He went rigid a fifth time as a new wave of lust spread from his loins!

Now Mistress had to think about the future, well actually the next 24
hours.

“Rutherford, you will make Shirley disappear,” Ursula said matter-of-factly.

“What?”

“I have to repeat myself?”

“No, Ma’am.  Only Shirley is respected in her community. 
She has lots of friends.  She will be missed.”

“Do I have to plan everything?  Write a letter explaining that
she’s off on a long trip to recover from the grief of finally admitting
Bill is gone.  She went to Europe to a special clinic that deals with
such things.  Leave a generous donation with the church.  Leave
a forwarding address for letters, mine.  Leave an e-mail account as
well.  I’ll make sure it’s set up.  It’s name will be ’ltxstgslt@hotmail.com’. 
I’m sure you can figure out the details now.”

“I think I understand.”

“I’ll eventually write a letter to the friends that she decided to remain
in care for a longer than originally planned time.  Ultimately, we’ll
write that she has made a new home in Germany and will not return to Seattle.”

“I want you to sign her trust over to me.  I’ll send you the particulars
of a solicitor to contact.   I will transfer $1,000,000 to your
account to complete the services I ask.”

“Yes. Ma’am.  I will take care of everything.”

“You must deliver the letter by the end of tomorrow.  That’s when
I’m scheduled to leave.  I will be taking Shirley and her husband
with me.”

“What?  You found Bill?”

“I found him, yes.  I doubt he’s Bill anymore;  he’s more
of a rubber slut plaything by now.  No worry, I know exactly how to
take care of little rubber sluts, both the types who are involuntarily
imprisoned and the ones who desire the treatment.”

“Yes, Mistress.  I’m sure you do.”

The next day, Mistress Ursula relaxed in her first class seat. 
Assistant sat quietly next to her.  In the cargo bay were two large
caskets labeled “Remains of Bill Goodwyn and Shirley Goodwyn,” respectively. 
The final destination identified as “The Estate of Ursula Grundwald, Frankfort,
Germany.”

Inside each casket was a rubberized and sealed up body protected by
heavy foam padding with an air bottle and air supply for 24 hours. 
The portable devices to stimulate the two purred on inside the caskets. 
The two rubber prisoner sluts quite entertained as they rode orgasm after
orgasm in the pressing darkness of their tombs.  No sound escaped
their gags, hoods, and the sound-proof padding of the caskets.
