---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Girls Game Night
authors:
- nightgerbil
tags:
- F+-f+
- fpov
- bond
- cuffs
- toys
- tease
- chastity
- naked
- mast
- cons
- X
date: 2025-08-20 00:00:00
---

### Part 3

"You want to play **what**?" I gasped. It was Alison's turn to choose a game and... "I thought you would want to play hungry hippos or something." Wide eyed I met Claire's gaze and she looked equally stunned, while Hanna just seemed bemused.

Alison glared around at us. "It's my month and it's my turn! You going to play with me or what?" she demanded.

Another Wednesday had come around and it was time for the girls to get together again. The rules of the night were simple, each month one of us got to pick a game and would play the first match of each evening. The loser of that first match would spend the night tied up… and erm “played” with.

*Alison's month, Alison's game,* I thought and saw agreement in Hanna’s eyes.

"Oh of course we are sweetie," Claire leaned in and hugged her, "It's your choice of course, but edging? Are you sure?"

We looked around at each other and I asked, “How would that even begin to work?”

Alison's cute dimples grew as she beamed at us and began to gush her idea. “The competitors will be tied up naked, I bought two sun loungers, see?” she pointed proudly to the side of the room. There we saw indeed two loungers, to which our erstwhile friend had attached four pairs of pink furry handcuffs to each one. Attached by one cuff to each of the corners of the lounger, between two springs, it was clear that she’d been putting some serious planning into this…

“Once restrained, the others will be using these vibrators on the competitors!” Holding up two powerful looking Hitachi wands, Alison continued to smile (*somewhat dementally*, I thought to myself. *Where did this come from? It's like a Bond villainess meets an excited puppy*.) “The vibrators will be held against the competitors' clitoris for one minute and one minute only! Stop clocks provided!” Alison was giggling now to herself. “For every minute they are on, they get turned off for thirty seconds. Then on for a minute then off again. This will go on until one girl has an orgasm at which point she loses the game!”

 We looked around at each other and as all our mouths opened to speak, Alison interrupted us with “Wait! There's more!” Alison reached under the table to a bag she had there and dropped a chastity belt on the table. I looked at it wide eyed, it was a pink rubber coated cable that would run around the waist with a lock at the front. Between the legs ran another pink cable that attached to a large metal plate that would clearly cover the wearer's loins.

 “Now obviously girls, we can’t do the usual forfeit as we will need both loungers to continue the game for the rest of the night for the rest of us. So instead the loser has to wear this until next week! Can’t control your orgasm, be denied your orgasm!” Alison was practically bouncing up and down in glee at this point. “For a week!” she repeated and I turned to Hanna, catching her gaze. A finger spin hidden by my body from Alison, indicated my opinion that this was crazy and got a raised eyebrow and nod in reply.

Claire, watching Alison closely, spoke up, “Sweetie have you considered if you lose the first game, that you will be locked up for a whole week? You’ll enter next week so horny you will lose again and the week after you will lose again? If you want a month in chastity in your new belt, we can just do that for you. It's not a problem.”

It was like a switch. Alison instantly sobered and just gazed at us. The silence stretched out until she finally said, “What makes you think I’ll lose any of the games? You three sluts won’t be able to control yourselves,” she sneered, “and it's going to be fun watching you try for ONCE.”

There was something glittering in her eyes as she watched us all stand straighter and I spat out “Oh NOW its fucking ON!”

The mood of the room had changed now, from an aura of puzzlement and concern to a tense excitement with a slice of anger. In silence a dice was produced and we rolled to see who was going to be challenging our surprising little friend this week. Claire rolled a four and then expressionlessly handed me the dice. I rolled a two, then watched Hanna roll a five. Alison and Hanna it is then I thought to myself. Interesting, this has to be the hardest matchup of the three of us for Alison. *I wonder if I could even the odds*, I mused to myself, *oh this was going to be fun!*

Watching my friends strip naked and settle on the loungers I kept my face still and my thoughts to myself as I watched Hanna insist that Claire and not I would tend to Alison. “Is she still holding that against me? She's going to regret this.” Honestly I’m tired of one night going a bit too far being held against me forever more. I avoided Hanna’s eyes as I attached the cuffs to her ankles and wrists. When this is all over, I’m going to have a serious heart to heart with her about this.

Plugging the wands into wall sockets, (*just how powerful are these things anyway?!*) Claire and I set our stop-clocks and in unison began. Placing it against Hanna's clit I knelt beside her and began to quietly speak, softly enough that the others couldn’t hear us. “So who's the mommy now then? Are you going to be a good girl for mommy?” Hanna snapped her head around glaring at me. I ran a finger around a nipple, gently caressing it and watching it get hard.

“Who is mommy's good little girl?” I continued. Leaning over and licking the nipple once, I began rolling my finger over its tip.

“What are you doing?” Hanna hissed at me, “stop that!”

“You're going to cum for mommy?” Running my finger nail down her flank, I hear her gasp and smirk into the glare.

The timers went on the stopwatch, had it really been a minute already? I turned off the wand, but didn't stop my assault on her nipple. “How wet are you right now babe?” I giggled. “I’d check, but I’m up here with you.” My reward was that level cold gaze she gets when she's trying to back me down and I shiver inside, but it's feeling different this time. Now Hanna is in my restraints and she can’t get me. Not yet…

“Quit it Marie, this isn’t funny,” she muttered at me. “Oh well one of us is having a grand old time here!” I laughed back, then moved my hand from her breast to her chin and moved her face so she could see the wall. I leaned in and whispered in her ear, “I’m having fun and so should you. Tell me what colour the wallpaper is babe. Green or red?”

As I knelt myself back down beside her, I resumed my caresses of her nipple. She looked towards me, away from Alison's cream wallpaper and said “Green. The wallpaper is green.”

Just like that I had my consent! The stop clock chose that moment to beep and with a big smile I flipped on the vibrator and resumed its assault on Hanna’s clitoris. “You know what babe? You never DID tell me how wet you were did you? I think I’ll have to go see for myself…”

Moving my mouth to the nipple I’d been teasing I began to lick and nibble on it, hearing her gasp and feeling her wiggle. My left hand moved down to take over the vibrator, so my right could feel down that long open pussy… My smile grew as I felt its dampness and ran a finger across its entrance. Hearing Hanna beginning to moan, my smile just got bigger and bigger.

It felt like just a few seconds had passed when the damn clock beeped again at me ordering me to stop. My mouth on a nipple so erect it had to ache, my finger stroking a pussy that had opened up and seemed to want to swallow it whole. Turning off the vibrator I smiled up at Hanna and began to stroke her clit with my dripping right finger.

“Damn it Marie!” Hanna gasped at me, “this is supposed to be a rest period, what are you doing?”

I smirked at her “Why cheating of course and that's PRINCESS Marie to you!” I pressed my finger firmly against her hard clit and felt her move up the lounger straining in her bonds.

“Oh you're so dead,” she muttered and closed her eyes. “I’m going to spank you to tears and edge you for days,” she continued, biting her lip.

I kept running my finger around her clit in circles as she muttered increasingly incoherent threats. As the stop clock beeped again, I interrupted her with a laugh and “promises promises”. This time I slid my finger into her now soaked pussy as I held that wand against her and raised up on the tips of my knees as I finger fucked her. Looking her in the eyes I started to coo gently at her; “Good girl, who's a good girl, come for mommy now… that's it come for mommy.”

I could see Hanna fighting it, but it was no use. I was wet myself watching the orgasm being dragged kicking and screaming out from my best friend. Hearing the wailed “Nooo! Damn it! Marieeee!” I bit my own lip as she thrashed around and looking over at Claire and Alison I saw them look back.

“See? She couldn’t last three minutes,'' said Alison happily. “I WIN!” I laughed as Alison continued, “Untie me, Claire, so we can get her belted.” Hanna looked defeated and tired as we used wet wipes to clean her pussy and thighs. “So slutty, all this cum everywhere,” Alison tutted, as she put the belt around Hanna.

Hanna moaned as the thong was moved between her thighs, again as her pussy lips were moved into the slit of the inner shield. As the grated outer shield covering the whole of her pussy was locked in place, I felt my hands of their own volition moving to touch myself. As the lock of the belt clicked home on Hanna’s waist a shiver ran through me and turning to meet Claire's eyes I saw the smoldering passion in her eyes matched mine.

Alison saw the look and laughed again. “See? You two sluts can’t wait to cum either. Don’t worry it will be your turn to wear it soon. Now get naked. I bet neither of you will last a minute in the next round.” Laughing again she released Hanna as I began to strip.

*Where's this coming from?* I wondered. I was starting to regret helping her win!
