---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/subspace_emmas_fetish_cruise_adventure28.html
title: Subspace - Emma's Fetish Cruise Adventure
authors:
- bentbliss
tags:
- F-f+
- F-fm+
- chastity
- urine
- lactate
- group
- bond
- oral
- public
- prison
- electro
- cons
- XX
date: 2026-05-03 00:00:00
---

### Part 28: Mindfuck

“You didn’t invite me to your orgy last night?” Princess’s voice echoed in the small room.

Emma had no desire to open her eyes as she laid on the floor, curled up under a blanket. The petite body she was spooning rolled over and buried her face in Emma’s chest.

“There was no orgy. All of us are wearing chastity belts. Now let me sleep.”

“Chastity belts don't preclude you from having an orgy. We have an appointment soon and our resident therapist is missing.”

“She’s not missing. She's right where I left her.”

Emma heard Angie respond, “Here.”

Angie was insistent on spending the night even after Emma warned her there wasn’t much room in the small room for four of them. Emma ended up making it work and Angie went and changed out of the clothes Emma made her pee herself in.

Upon Angie’s return, Emma put her in the bed in the same position Emma occupied the night before, on her back and under Nix. Nix once again on top bound to the bed restraints, effectively trapping Angie underneath.

“One problem solved,” Princess added.

“Is the pixie drooling on you, Angie? And has she peed yet?” Emma asked, her eyes still closed.

“I haven't peed yet. I said I reserve that for you,” Nix responded.

Emma, despite not wanting to wake-up, went to respond, then changed what she almost said.

“She likes to experience what I have done. So go ahead and pee on her.”

“What?” Angie exclaimed.

“Are you going to punish me like you did or have her do it, because then it is a no,” was Nix’s response.

“Since she likes experiences, you can punish her like I did to you and she can experience how you felt.”

A sudden “What the fuck!” had Emma smiling as still laid there with her eyes closed. She knew what happened.

But Emma screamed out her own “What the fuck!” and ripped off the blanket. Her eyes opened seeing Kit latched onto her breast and sucking.

Princess was quick to comment, “You've been holding out on me and not sharing.”

Emma was trying to move past her shock. She took the lactation drug before bed like she had done for most of the trip so far. At no point did she ever expect to be breastfeeding. The pumping was one thing, this was… Emma laid there confused. Her mind was going in a million directions.

Emma felt the pressure on her nipple subside and the small voice spoke, “I am hungry, you were leaking, and you taste good.”

Her mouth immediately latched back on to Emma’s nipple and proceeded to continue eating. Emma was at a loss for words.

“The other one is mine if she finishes that one.”

Emma’s eyes narrowed at Princess as she looked up at her.

“The two of you should go find Nanny or someone.”

“Someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed.” Princess answered.

“I'm sorry Goddess. I should have asked. I thought you wouldn’t mind. I was being selfish,” mumbled Kit before burying her head in Emma’s chest.

Emma sighed. She was being grumpy for no reason other than being tired.

“No, I am sorry. I'm tired, have lacked caffeine most this trip, and was caught off guard once again. You would think I would be getting used to it by now.”

“While most unicorns are intelligent, we know you are special in that regard and won't hold it against you.”

“I'm going to punch you in your cunt.”

“Bad grumpy unicorn. Behave or I won’t get you some caffeine for our therapy session. You will not ruin harem therapy.”

Emma let out another sigh.

“Just release the other two while I let Kit get back to eating.”

Princess just smiled and released the other two on the bed.

Emma had to soothe and coax Kit into continuing what she started. Emma still wasn’t sure about her feelings with this. Her breasts were full as usual and it wasn’t bad in any way. If anything it was a new experience for her and one she never considered. One she decided to see how it went.

Kit was still feeding as the yelp came from the bathroom followed by the sputtering cough. Emma had no doubt that Nix had Angie bound and peed on her like Emma did to her in the shower the previous morning. Angie clearly wasn’t Nix if her response was any indication. Nix had closed her mouth and eyes to prevent anything getting in them. Emma could only shake her head at the naivety of Angie sometimes. She may deal with people's mental health problems, but some of her choices in other areas were questionable.

Princess was still trying to sell Emma on letting her have her taste after Kit.

“They got a bunch of milk from you yesterday during your VIP visit. They won't miss this morning’s… too much. It’s not like you will have the full amount when she is done and you will need to empty your udders no matter what unless you want the discomfort of an engorged breast. It will be fun and tasty… hopefully.”

Princess got her wish and was breastfed by Emma. She was not the only one. Emma hadn’t noticed that Tabby was there. She along with Angie, once she got out of the shower, took their turns. Nix had been the only one not to partake yet and Emma still had some milk left.

“Alright Nixie, your turn. Don’t give me any more grief. I haven't bothered you about coming to harem therapy.”

“I'm already in a harem and don't need therapy,” the pixie blurted out.

Emma smiled, “So come get fed. We have done much worse to each other. You will probably even like it. Now don't be shy because others are here. This is a small group compared to our public adventures. Plus there isn’t much left. Tiny Kit had one all to herself, the rest of you are struggling to finish one.”

Nix huffed, but was soon laying with Emma on the floor suckling her breast.

Once her ‘udders’ as Princess kept calling them were empty, the push to get ready began. Everyone else had a head start as Emma was kept occupied. Not that Emma had any say in what she wore.

Soon Angie left to let in those who showed up on time and make sure things were ready for a larger group than she normally had. Nix had headed out to spend some time at her Master’s suite while Emma was in therapy. That left the four of them to head to Angie’s temporary office. They were late and Emma wasn’t moving as fast as she normally would.

Despite claiming she was wearing them for being a ‘grumpy-corn’ earlier, Emma knew Princess only brought what she intended Emma to wear that day, likely until dinner at least. Yes, Emma wanted more training in her ballet boots, but the boots also slowed her down some. Her afternoon was likely to have quite a bit of walking even if it wasn’t clear to her what was going on this afternoon. Her poor feet were in for a rough day.

To add more to the fake ‘grumpy-corn’ punishment, she was wearing a long-sleeved body hugging dress. It was soft, stretchy, and quite comfortable. Her breasts were accentuated with how the dress conformed to her body. Her chastity belt outline was clearly on display. It was a few inches short of reaching the tops of her thigh-high ballet boots, exposing a little bit of skin. The punishment came in the unicorn picture that encircled her body and the matching bright colors.

As they entered Angie’s office, a number of people were already there. Most of the faces Emma knew, but there were a couple that weren’t.

Princess pointed Emma to an empty couch and had her sit in the middle. Princess took her seat on the right side of Emma. Kit, being more assertive than usual, took her place in Emma’s lap with Tabby in Princess’s lap.

“It seems you want a sizable harem,” Emma commented to Princess.

“This is a small portion of those who are interested. There wasn’t enough room for everyone and it would be too chaotic to have everyone for this first one. There will no doubt be lots of questions and mixed feelings,” came the response from the former maid.

Emma knew she wasn’t wrong. Feelings. Those were already a complicated mess most times at best.

The door to the office opened and another walked in. Emma’s eyes were glued to the woman. The question was, was it because of who she was or what she carried in her hands. Yes, a complicated mess at the best of times.

The woman sat down on the couch next to Emma on her left. She handed Emma a cup of coffee as she sipped from her own cup.

“You're my divine goddess,” Emma blurted out before bringing the hot, bitter liquid to her lips.

“Trying to butter up your drink won’t make it taste any better. But at least I know now my pecking order and how quickly I am forgotten.”

Emma didn’t even hesitate in her response, “She lets me see her in all her glory. Soon she will be inside me. I could even put part of me inside of her. No perpetual tease and denial. It’s nearly an orgasm in a cup.”

“Good to know your interest wanes already and you found something better.”

“Please. I'm not going away anytime soon. You're my addiction.”

“You should seek help for that. Maybe that's why you are here.”

Emma grumbled as she sipped her coffee. Not her favorite kind to drink as it was black and bitter, yet it still was better tasting than most of the smoothies she had.

Princess jumped in to comment, “Grumpy-corn. You should have seen her when she ended up breastfeeding some of us.”

“What? No fair. I want to drink some of my Goddess’s divine life sustaining nectar,” Nadia shouted.

“*Of course*”, Emma thought. Her excitable Latina goth worshiper would be the one who openly felt left out. Emma wasn’t looking to commit to any more as she was still processing what happened this morning. “No promises. Let's move on to why we are here,” Emma started before turning to her right. “Otherwise some sex addict will try to start an orgy.”

“You're right, the orgy is scheduled for after this session so we should get on with it,” Princess said as she smirked at Emma.

Emma nearly slapped her forehead, but didn’t want to spill her hot drink or hit her worshiper pet, who was still sitting in her lap.

Nadia nearly knocked over Lacey as she jumped up and pumped her fist in excitement. Emma couldn’t help but crack a smile.

A voice in her left ear whispered, “Don’t turn. Don’t respond, as there is no need to interrupt more. It is good for you to smile and unfortunate that your morning was once again rough. She would be good to have around in your life if she makes you smile that easily and I don't mean it has to be intimate. Friends would work, though she would want more. But she lacks friends who truly appreciate her and she has so much to give that others use her. She is one of the good ones. Though most here in this room are. Now let's see how this goes and hopefully you will be in a better mood by the end since breastfeeding didn’t make ‘mama-corn’ happy.”

Emma tried not to groan or turn to look at the woman she was infatuated with. Instead, she brought the cup up to her lips and let the hot, bitter liquid work its own magic. Her eyes stayed focused on the bubbly goth across from her. Her large breasts bouncing up and down in rhythm were hypnotic in their own way. The back of Kit's head dug in between Emma’s breasts as she basically used them as a pillow.

The first harem therapy went on with most of it focused on Princess’s vision and the questions others asked. Emma mostly sat on the couch between the two women who have probably impacted her most on this trip. The one on her lap was up there in the group below those two. Mostly, Emma tried to listen and participated as necessary.

As harem therapy ended, the shout of “Orgy time!” immediately came from Nadia. Emma could only shake her head. Emma may have released her from chastity last night, but she was unsure if Nadia had the object inside of her removed. If it wasn’t, she was going to be in a world of hurt again. She might be even if it was removed. All of it was her choice though and Emma didn't blame her for doing what she wanted.

People were getting up and following Princess out of the office. Despite her excitement, Nadia, along with Lacey, headed towards the still sitting Emma. Even Kit, after rubbing her face into Emma’s chest, had already gotten up and was moving out. Only Emma, Miss Keys, and Angie remained seated.

Nadia's sad face was hard to ignore as she looked at Emma and asked, “You're not coming, Goddess?”

“No, I have a one-on-one therapy appointment with Angie. I like Angie, but I doubt this is for fun as she takes her job seriously even if she leaves a wet spot in the back of her skirt,” Emma turned to see Angie blushing. “You two go have fun and try not to hurt yourself too much,” Emma said, still unsure of Nadia's condition. “You have a chance to learn and explore with the others of the potential harem. I'm not needed as there will be plenty of you and expect the royal pain-in-the-ass to rub many of your noses off.”

Nadia nodded and turned to Miss Keys.

Miss Keys decided to answer before the question, “I have to get back to work. There is always something that needs my attention and the rest of my day is full handling this afternoon and anything that pops up by this evening.” She stands adding, “That doesn’t mean there isn’t an interest to try something another time. While I don't know if I am able to commit to a harem, I've been a little more open to the idea of exploring.”

Miss Keys stood up from the couch before leaning forward with her ass in front of Emma’s face, she kissed Nadia on the lips. The moan from her worshiper clearly let Emma know how much she enjoyed it. A small pang of jealousy hit Emma in the pit of her stomach.

It didn’t end there as she shifted over and bent over further, her backside thrust further towards Emma as she kissed Lacey in a similar fashion. To add further feelings, Emma watched the toned ass wiggle in front of her.

While this has been an ongoing thing between them, Emma still struggled at times and wanted her even more. It would be easy to pout, but Emma knew this show was for her. She may as well enjoy it. If she got her opportunity with the woman she was infatuated with, it would make it even sweeter after enduring all of it.

As Emma watched in a state of arousal, she realized that her teasing of Angie may come back to bite her. She hoped there wouldn’t be a wet spot on the back of her dress when she got up.

After Nadia and Lacey left, Miss Keys went over to Angie.

“Don’t let her take advantage of you. I know you want her to use you. You probably even want her to tie you up. At some point she will probably have the time to do so, but not right now. Make sure she is ready and on time for the excursion,” Miss Keys said as she held Angie’s shoulders while looking her straight in the eyes. “Don’t disappoint me,” she added as she once again leaned forward and passionately kissed the psychiatrist.

Emma was heavily conflicted as she watched Angie melt at the attention. Her body shivered. When Miss Keys groped her breast, Angie’s legs nearly gave out. It was something Emma herself wanted to experience. To receive the passion from that woman after she endured all of the pent-up sexual tension. As of now, she was relegated to being a voyeur instead of an active participant.

These past couple of minutes had been a show for Emma. She watched the woman she desired the most walk out of Angie’s temporary office. Her hips swayed more than usual to further tease Emma. As she made it to the door, she looked over her shoulder towards Emma. Her hand reached behind her, a finger extended. Touching the back of her dress, she announced, “Tractor beam disengaged.”

She was out the door before Emma’s mind caught up and said out loud, “Mindfuck!”

Momentarily forgotten until Angie responded, “Yeah and not just for you.”

Angie had been clearly affected by the whole thing in her own way.

Emma, being a bit snarky, said, “I'm regretting not ending you last night.”

Angie had turned towards Emma to see the smirk she displayed. There was a bit of fear, but she quickly regained her composure.

“I think we should begin our one-on-one session now. Even if you consider ending me, I fear her more if you are not there and ready on time.”

“That is fair. I've seemingly done my best to drive her away or disappoint her in moments. I'd rather not do that again.”

“Then let's get started so that I can maybe earn another kiss from her,” Angie said with her own playful smirk.

The therapy session went as expected for Emma. Mostly it left her with plenty to think about. Yet, it was good to talk and open up on things. A lot had been thrown at her and expectations were far beyond what she thought would happen. Some of the stress of being overwhelmed had lifted, but she had no desire to slow down. There just wasn’t enough time to do everything she wanted or invest in people enough. But she would get what she could and try to enjoy herself for the rest of the cruise.

“You don’t have to walk me there, I'm sure I can find my way, “ Emma said to Angie as they slowly traversed the ship. The ballet boots slowing her down once again.

“I do and I don’t. Plus, I am going on the excursion as well and need to head there like you.”

“You know what it is then? I didn’t think there were any offshore stops on this cruise.”

“There hasn't been as long as I have worked here. As to what it is we will be seeing today, I know the basics. Just enjoy the surprise. I am excited and curious as to how it will turn out.”

“So no hints?”

“End me if you must. It would be kinder than what she would likely do to me.”

“Is it that big of a secret?”

“No, of course not. Most everyone but you, it seems, knows the basics.”

“More teasing and messing with my mind.”

“Uh huh. We know you desire it and you have done plenty yourself to others. I haven’t forgotten about last night or this morning. After all, your wet spot isn't too big at the moment.”

“Fuck!” Emma blurted out. She looked over to Angie while trying not to draw attention to her backside by checking. “You're messing with me.”

Angie kept a straight face and looked forward as she shrugged as they kept walking.

Emma stood in line, her hand swiping the back of her dress trying to find a wet spot. It was nearly impossible to do as she was walking in the ballet boots, especially with how the dress conformed to her. Even standing there, she struggled with it. That led to more eyes on her than usual as she wasn’t as stealthy as she hoped.

They were near the bottom of the ship, on the port side, waiting for the ferry to pick them up. Most of the other guests had already made their way over before Emma and Angie even arrived. They would be part of the last group heading over.

There wasn’t any place to sit which left Emma standing on her toes as she waited. While most people mainly looked at her, eventually a few started talking to her as she waited. They were polite and asked her many questions. Angie stood next to her quietly, likely evaluating Emma and how she interacted with them.

The ferry arrived and was ready to take the next batch of people. As Emma went to cross the little metal bridge connecting the two boats, she realized the difficulty for her that was coming. Both boats may have stopped, but the waves had not. The light rocking of the boat tested her balance. The bridge was at an angle and while it had railings, it shifted between the two boats to match their movements. The ballet boots were not really designed to walk on uneven ground or sloping terrain.

It left Emma a bit nervous, but one of the staff helped her across from the front. Angie was behind her in case she lost her balance backwards. Emma felt Angie’s hand on the small of her back. It was a bit of comfort for the nervous Emma as she traversed the bridge that was a dozen smaller steps for her predicament.

The ferry had two decks and they entered the top deck to board. Emma was thankful there were a few open seats close by as the smaller ferry swayed more than the bigger cruise ship. She was happy to finally sit and feel a bit safer as well as relief for her feet.

With Angie sitting next to her and an open upper deck where passengers sat, Emma got her first chance to look around as the ferry unmoored from the cruise ship. Off to her right, she saw the cliffs of an island. She had no idea which island it was as it wasn’t listed as a port stop. There weren’t supposed to be any port stops and no one recalls any of the previous cruises having one. A little further down she saw the terrain slope down and caught sight of what looked like a dock still under construction. As the ferry got closer, Emma could see more construction and signs of completed projects.

She said to Angie, who sat next to her, “I have no idea where we are. It’s clearly something new or at least this area with the work that seems to be going on. Still no hints? Should I ask some of the others? I heard the mention of a resort among other things. Possibly a fetish resort.”

“Did you sneak a peek at your Christmas presents before you were allowed to open them?” was Angie's response. “Even what I could tell you, wouldn't do justice to the presentation we will be getting. I think we should enjoy the view. I will give you this much, it is an exclusive unveiling of sorts. We get to be a part of it.”

Emma watched on as they got closer with some minor chatting as a few others showed interest in her. She had been too busy to meet with everyone or do things with all of them. She had taken time during the cruise and more was planned to meet and interact with some of the other guests even beyond her dinners. Being on the ferry, with nowhere to really go or hide, allowed some a chance to be around her, even if it was the most casual and mundane experience.

There was a temporary dock or at least a small one that was hidden from view on approach. Getting off the ferry was not as bad as getting on in some ways, but worse in others. Having to navigate to the exit meant climbing down steps to the lower deck with the ferry and across a ramp that was still rocking a bit from the waves.

Emma was glad to be on land, at least while wearing the ballet boots. Though that quickly changed as she looked at the steep inclined path up towards their destination. She could see parts of buildings up above, but her footwear wasn't designed to walk slopes like that. She saw a number of people walking up, but thankfully a greeter announced to the new arrivals that there were a few limited modes of transportation in the form of electric golf carts or a pulled rickshaw.

As Emma and Angie sat in a rickshaw, a muscular man was pulling them up towards their destination. There was another person behind them to help and hopefully ensure they didn't go plummeting back down if control was lost. Sweat glistened off the man’s shirtless body as the sun beat down overhead. The mild breeze helped keep the temperature down some so that it was comfortable to Emma.

“Enjoying the view?” Angie asked.

“There is plenty to see and I don’t just mean the backside of the kind gentleman who is giving us a lift. I probably would have had to crawl up this path as I doubt my boots would have been safe to walk in.”

“I think I would have liked to see you crawl up the hill. It seems like something up your alley.”

“Then we likely would miss whatever is happening up there, at least the beginning of it. Plus, you would be crawling with me.”

“I…”

Emma looked over at her while firmly saying, “You would have been crawling with me. Now enjoy your eye candy and the rest of the view.”

“I doubt he appreciates being called eye candy. He may not be like you and demand all the attention.”

“I don't demand all the attention. I would happily sink into the background and go unnoticed like most of my life outside this cruise. I think you and others forget, I had my head and face covered that first night as Princess was trying to hide my identity for me. Unfortunately, my body has some distinguishing features and everything was plastered for everyone to see who wanted to. There were some people who figured out who I was and things spread quickly. So much so that multiple people, who are invested in the success of the cruise, asked for my help. I came as a guest to enjoy what is expected to be a once-in-a-lifetime trip. I've tried to balance my vacation and being a help. Mostly I'm doing stuff I am interested and wanting to do, just on a more public platform.”

“You believe this is a once-in-a-lifetime trip? You know there will be future cruises.”

“It took me years to save up to afford this trip. I have a good stable job, but secretaries like me don't get paid like the lawyers I work for. Add in rent, bills, and all my other expenses, I don't expect to do another one, at least any time soon.”

“I'm sure you could work something out with them assuming they don't ask you to come back. You have been a boon for them.”

“Maybe. But that hasn't been offered or discussed. Truthfully, I will need to process this after it's over to figure out if I would want to do it again. We still have roughly half the trip to go, who knows how I will feel by the end.”

“That's mighty mature and healthy of you to take that approach.”

Emma grunted at the response. She continued to look around and conversed with Angie. The pathway was still a work in progress like everything else she had seen so far. There were decorations, if you can call them that, or construction of others. They were coming up on some crosses that were large enough that a human could hang from them. There were other fetish related items spread along the sides of the path. It left Emma wondering if the items would be used or be merely decorative.

Upon reaching their destination, there were a number of rickshaw and golf carts in a pseudo parking lot. A crowd of people a short distance away. Past the crowd were a number of large buildings. A hotel at the least and she could likely guess some others, but she overheard from others that a tour of the place was what they were here for. There was likely more to see, but Emma would wait until they were closer.

Emma spoke to Angie after they got out of the rickshaw, “You should reward these two gentlemen for their hard work.”

After a bit of back and forth, Angie was squatted between both men. Their pants undone with one of Angie’s hands wrapped around each cock. Stroking both of them, she alternated sucking each one.

She was far more enthusiastic than Emma expected. Emma was a little worried that it would be her doing it since it was her idea. She had sucked plenty of cock on the ship, but they weren’t on the ship. She wanted Angie and others to get their own chance to star. In the end, the two men chose Angie. That left Emma feeling better that some weird conspiracy for most of the attention to be on her didn’t exist off ship at least.

She was mostly happy for Angie. She wasn’t playing second fiddle to Emma at this moment. She was an attractive and beautiful woman among the many Emma had spent time with. They should be getting more attention or as much as she had been. Maybe they were, but Emma wasn’t with each of them most of the time.

Emma could hear the footsteps coming behind her, but she continued to watch the psychiatrist perform. Angie impaled her throat deeply on one of the cocks while she continued her rhythmic stroke on the other. Emma knew how hard it was to multi-task like this. It took plenty of focus and likely practice. A smirk crept up Emma’s face wondering just how much this professional woman has actually practiced and done things of this nature.

“What's going on here?” The purple-haired pixie asked as she stepped along one side of Emma. Her worshiper pet ended up on her other side.

“She's just rewarding them for bringing us up here so I didn’t have to crawl my way up,” Emma responded as she put her arm around Kit and pulled her next to her.

“Sounds like you should be the one rewarding them,” Nix answered.

“I would be, but they chose her. Thankfully my magic is wearing off and I can go back to being a fly on the wall.”

“Pfft. You know that things haven't started as they are waiting on you.”

Emma’s eyebrow rose at that comment.

“Please tell me they are not. I only vaguely know what might be happening at this point. If people are waiting on me,” Emma groaned as she looked at her pointed feet encased in the ballet boots. She shook her head, “I don’t have anything to do with this.”

The mischievous pixie looked up at Emma with her own smirk and said, “What? The tractor beam isn't pulling you in yet?”

Emma narrowed her eyes at Nix and turned back towards the crowd. It didn’t take long to spot her near the front of the main group. She was talking amongst her own smaller group. For a moment she looked over towards Emma even though there was quite the distance between them. Emma’s heart fluttered, even as Miss Keys turned her attention back to the others.

As Emma turned back, she caught sight of plenty of people still making their way up the hill.

“It looks like more are still coming. Plus, I feel responsible to make sure Angie is alright since this is my idea.”

“I'll make sure she is fine. You are moving as fast as a snail along a trail of salt.”

“I'm not that slow.”

“Of course you are. You are not moving at all. That one,” Nix pointed to Kit, “will escort you. She will likely want more breastmilk from you.”

“Well I'm pretty empty so that isn’t an option until likely tomorrow.”

“Oh, so you plan to breastfeed again?”

“I didn’t say that,” Emma said, defensively while staring at Nix. “I remember you chose to take part in it, I am wondering if it is you who is looking forward to it again. But I get your point that I should head over there as it will take me a bit.” Emma looked at Angie still pleasuring both men then added, “I would tell you not to pee on her, but I'm unsure if that is or isn’t something she wants.”

“I am not peeing on her,” Nix practically shouted.

“Uh huh. You had no problem doing it to her this morning. Multiple times I believe.”

“You said…” She started to respond when Emma cut her off.

“I didn’t make you do it at any point. You chose to, just like when you sucked the milk from my breast. I may have encouraged it, but it was all your choice, Nixie.”

“You know you got my Master calling me that now.”

“Good.”

Nix huffed, “You're the worst.”

“And the troublemaker pixie who can't get enough of it,” Emma responded before calling out to Angie. “Make sure you get a proper facial from both and don't clean it off.”

Angie's mouth encased one of the cocks, sucking it thoroughly. She pulled her mouth off to respond and the cock spasmed. Whatever she was about to say was lost as a white line shot out, catching part of her nose and cheek. More shot out towards her glasses, forehead, and hair.

Emma wanted to continue watching, but she knew Nix was right and she should get moving. Angie and Nix would probably catch up to her before she reached her destination, especially since the first one was finishing.

“How was the orgy?” Emma asked Kit as they walked. She was glad to have someone with her as the ground was uneven and she had to take things slower in the ballet boots. Kit was probably the smallest person around, but her support was invaluable. Emma hoped there would be better surfaces to walk on eventually, but she couldn't tell as there was plenty of construction. This place was definitely a work in progress.

“It was fine, Goddess. Different from what I did with my previous Master. It would have been better if you were there.”

“That wasn’t an option. The orgy and harem are Princess’s thing. She deserves the attention and to not have things get out of control with my presence. It’s good for all of you who are interested to get to know and do things with each other. Even if I join it, not everyone can be with me at once depending on what is happening. I also doubt I or anyone else would be around all the time. Meaning it's better if everyone gets used to each other and doesn’t feel left out or feel like they are less than others because some people get more attention. Did you have fun and get to experience new people?”

“Yes, Goddess,” Kit responded. They continued to chat as they slowly walked. Nix and Angie caught up well before she was even halfway there.

A few people were still trickling in as Emma and the others reached the crowd gathered. There was plenty of chatter. Emma hanging out in the back drew less attention to herself except for a few nearby people. Thankfully, everyone's attention was focused elsewhere as the first person stepped up to speak with them.

The crowd quickly went silent as Miss Keys spoke, “Greetings. Welcome to the Keys to Kink Resort. This is the first look for potential guests of the future. We'll be doing a tour momentarily. This place is under development and construction. For your safety, please stay with the guides and your group. Some places are ready to get a look at while others are works in progress or dreams waiting to become reality.”

Miss Keys went on explaining a number of things, including when they expected to open, some of the attractions and amenities, and future ideas and plans. She also answered some questions. As expected, the cost was a popular topic as well as if certain specific attractions, events, fetishes, and kinks were allowed.

“The rules of what is allowed will be pretty much the same as the current cruise. We want a safe and consensual environment while promoting exploration and a chance to live out your fantasies in a friendly and open-minded environment. I'm sure there are more questions, but I'm sure many want to see what is and will be offered. We will be looking for feedback and open to answer questions later or when it fits what we are doing on the tour. We will stay as one group for this early portion outside. Then we will split into smaller groups so that everyone can see some of the inner spaces or smaller areas without it getting too crowded. Each group will see the same things, just likely in a different order. After the tour is over, we will meet in the hotel cafeteria for more questions as well as an early dinner. You have the option to head straight back to the ferry if you wish to skip the meal here. The options for food are far more limited and there will be less line waiting for those who head back to the ferry first. Either way, let's take a look at the early development of this fetish resort.”

The gate opened and the group flowed through, following a group that were likely investors, guides, and possible management.

It was clear many things were a work in progress, but there was plenty of beauty and things to see. Multiple pathways spread out. Some looked more normal and what you would expect from a normal tourist resort. Others seem to fit themes, some possible kinks and fetishes, and other things that were in development.

The group was taken down one path that led to a newly built bridge over a small pond. The water was clear and it was easy to see hundreds of fish moving about in the water. The place gave off a sense of relaxation as well as a possible romantic vibe.

Touring another path led them to seeing restraints along the side. It was a path for public outdoor bondage that guests could participate in. A few got to test out the stocks and other simple devices. There were metal poles buried in the ground in some areas that were meant to bind people to, including spread eagle. More things were to be added over time.

Another area they came to was the public bathrooms. There were see-through bathrooms similar to ones you can find in places like Japan. Where in Japan, the bathrooms would go opaque when the doors were locked and in use, these had the option to remain see-through even when occupied. There were other sections designed for humans to be public toilets. Seating was added throughout the area for those waiting or wanting to watch.

They ended up in an open area that was due for construction and stopped.

Miss Keys announced, “This area will be home to the resort's temple. It will not likely be done by the time the resort first opens. We are still in discussion with the design and who the temple will reflect. We will be looking for feedback to make it more general for the various Gods and Goddesses to worship, a rotation of deities, or focus on one or even a select few, like the Unicorn Goddess herself in the back.”

Emma literally wanted to die or find a hole to crawl into at that moment. She turned bright red as much of the crowd turned towards her. There wasn’t any escape, especially while wearing the ballet boots.

Miss Keys wasn’t finished as she added, “Imagine a temple built to be her domain. Statues of her likeness. A Goddess living in the temple and worshipped daily. So many delicious and exciting options.” She paused momentarily to let things sink in a moment. Miss Keys continued, “It is one of many options and possibilities being discussed.” A sly grin came across her face, “Even the Unicorn Goddess was unaware of the possibility until this moment.”

She tried to look calm despite the turmoil building up inside of her. She didn’t really get to dwell on it as people were coming up and asking her questions. She should really be used to this, but once again caught unprepared by her newfound fame and the consequences.

Minutes later, Miss Keys announced, “I am happy many of you have questions and opinions. We will have time later for further discussion. We will continue the tour now.”

The group started moving again. Emma and her group kept to the back, partly due to Emma’s pace. Part of her didn’t want to be seen or have attention on her.

Angie finally asked, “Are you okay?”

“Mindfucked and embarrassed.”

“Want to talk about it?”

Emma looked at the people in front of her. She knew some were listening and a few would occasionally look back at her. Angie seemed to catch on. Emma shook her head and did her best to follow.

Eventually everyone ended up in front of the hotel and were broken up into groups of ten to fifteen people. Angie, Kit, and Nix were still part of her group. Emma’s group had a guide she didn’t know. They headed immediately towards an ominous building with the other groups heading towards other buildings or areas.

As they got closer, Emma saw the fence around the perimeter. It was topped with barbed wire. Cameras up on top of poles lined the fence at intervals as well in the open yard and around the building as far as she could see. The space between the fence and the building was wide open with no place to hide even without the cameras. The windows of the building all had bars at least on the side they could see.

They passed through an outer security checkpoint. Emma found out guards would be posted to prevent escape as well as monitor and check those coming and going. The fence tunnel led them to the inner checkpoint. Once this place was in full-time service, only one end of the gate leading in and out would be opened at a time to further control access at all times.

By the time they reached the building, they stood outside another heavily secured door. It opened after a few minutes and they were led into a sterile lobby. There were signs pointing directions for visitors and prisoner intake. Between the two separate corridors leading further inside the prison was a wall with a bulletproof glass window that would allow someone to talk to and get information from if there was someone there.

The place was pretty empty and the lack of people was noticeable. So the clicking sounds of heels coming down the corridors from the one that was labeled for prisoner intake and most of the cell blocks, everyone perked up to see who was coming.

Miss Keys stepped out of the corridor and into the lobby. She looked over the group before her eyes stopped. Her look felt like it was piercing Emma’s soul. There was no warmth or kindness in the woman's face. She wasn’t Miss Keys at the moment, she was Warden Keys.

Everyone and everything had been silent since she entered. That made her voice sound more booming and further authoritative when she finally spoke.

“Epsilon!” Emma’s posture straightened at the name. “I can not allow someone like you to walk freely among the rest of…” She paused and scanned the rest of the group, “These barely innocent people. You are a danger to them as you have proven in the past. Let's take you to intake and they all get to see how an inmate is properly processed. Remember, I don’t want any insubordination or I will subdue you with maximum force. You are far too dangerous for anything less.”

There was a bit of shock from everyone, even Emma. Once again caught off guard. She was epsilon and clearly Warden Keys was the authority of this prison as much as the one back on Subspace, the cruise ship. Emma knew she was serious, but it was also a chance to engage with the woman she completely desired. She knew it was best to play her part. It was also a continuation of a fantasy she started, but hadn’t gone back to during her time with Nix.

Emma stepped forward, her arms out in front with her palms facing up, in a gesture of surrender. “Always thwarting my plans, Warden. Probably for the best… for them,” Emma said with a nod back towards the group to emphasize she was likely a danger to them.

As she got within a couple of feet of the warden before, she demanded Emma to stop and turn around. As Emma turned back to the group, she heard the warden move behind her. She didn’t have much time to react as something touched her side and electricity coursed through her body. The only reason she didn’t hit the ground hard as her body seized was that the smaller warden held her up from behind enough to slowly lower her to the ground. Emma was taller than her by a few inches, the ballet boots made it more drastic as she was on her toes constantly. The height was probably less of an issue when Emma likely outweighed her by around forty pounds. The warden was clearly fit and capable for her size and age.

Emma found herself in a room with just the warden. The others were outside watching through a window. She was still trying to gain full functionality of her body. The warden hadn’t let up as epsilon was dragged from the lobby to the intake room, she had tasered multiple times to keep her subdued. It was both terrifying and exciting to Emma. This was the experience she craved though it would take awhile to feel normal. Having your nervous system short circuited once could make someone feel that. She endured it multiple times. She had done it to others on a much lower intensity. She would need to ask how much voltage or at least the setting she was experiencing, eventually.

The serious looking warden expression changed to a cruel smirk as she asked, “Are you ready to continue? We are getting short on time and don't want the other tour groups to overlap.” Emma nodded in response, not wanting to speak at the moment. “We will do this quickly. It will be fun for me and less pleasant for you. Now stand up and remove your dress. Leave the boots on as we don’t have time to waste removing those deadly weapons. I'll ensure you are punished for bringing those into my domain without permission later. If I find any other contraband on you… Well you better hope I don’t.”

Emma stood up and removed her body hugging dress. She wasn’t given anything else to wear that day other than her ballet boots. Her chastity belt is a permanent fixture on her body these days. Part of her still was embarrassed to expose her body in public or to strangers, but it was something she was doing daily if not more often depending on her activities of the day. It still made her feel vulnerable as everyone got to see her imperfections and her unfit body. She had improved it some before the trip by trying to get in shape, but it wasn’t enough. The diet and exercise she was getting on the cruise was slowly changing her as well.

“Hands against the wall! Legs spread!” Emma was broken from her spiraling thoughts by the warden.

Warden Keys searched her body, quickly and efficiently. She didn’t lie that it would be more uncomfortable than normal. Not that Emma truly minded. She was still being touched by the woman she most desired.

Emma let out a gasp. She wasn’t the only one as members of the group were surprised by it as well. Warden Keys showed no mercy or intention to slow down as her rubber gloved hand penetrated Emma’s rectum one finger at a time. Before long, her slender hand was fully inside Emma’s bowels, fisting her a few times before pulling out.

“Nearly every inmate goes through this process, just not at this speed. But our time is limited and vile offenders like epsilon have earned far worse than this,” Warden Keys spoke to the tour group. There were microphones and speakers on both sides for communication.

“What did she do that was so bad?” One of the guests asked.

Warden Keys was removing the rubber gloves as she answered, “Special inmate epsilon has attempted to assault and rape multiple guards and myself. She is kept out of the general population to prevent attempts on other potential victims, whether they are inmates or not. She is our most violent and high risk prisoner we have had so far.” Warden Keys went to the restraints and grabbed the first piece. “That is why she is required to be bound and secure at all times for the safety of everyone here, including myself.”

The prison restraints were added to Emma’s body starting with her wrists being shackled. A belt was added up to her waist along with cuffs just above her elbows. The cuffs were attached to the belt limiting Emma’s arm movement. The chain from the shackles connected to the thigh and ankle cuffs that were added. A cruel mask was added. It held her tongue down and had small openings to allow her to breath and see. A thick collar was added to limit her head movement.

“Why the mask?” someone asked.

“Violent criminals like epsilon tend to be biters and spitters. So once again it is for the safety of the guests, staff, and prisoner herself.”

Emma was helped to a cell as her restraints and boots severely limited her movement. She was being held up by others when electricity coursed through her body once more. She was lowered to the ground as everyone exited. The cell door slid shut and the tumblers to the locks clanked, sealing Emma inside.

“It seems a bit harsh,” one person said.

“We do our best to cater to everyone. Everyone has different wants, desires, and limits. All of this is within her limits. Emma is quite the masochist and gets off on this type of treatment. In many ways she is the toughest type to satisfy. Always wanting more, but for everyone's safety, especially her own, we are still limited and must find unique ways to keep her satisfied. The prison is one of many options. You will find out if you haven’t already while on the cruise and here at the resort, normal rooms are not the only option for people to stay at. People have the option to try out other places full-time or part-time, like the prison. You will soon tour multiple places and see different options. Even the main hotel has a maid quarters for guests to be trained and serve for all or part of their stay. There will be people who will book a trip here who will be arrested immediately upon stepping on the island and spend their entire vacation inside as an inmate. We even offer the option for those who desire to be trained as prison guards. To get back to the question, I am harsh towards her because she desires and wants it. We are here to provide people with an experience they can't get elsewhere. You have all had your own fantasies and desires catered to on the cruise or at least I hope so. We want your experience to be everything you desire. I would be lying if I said that there isn’t a desire for most to return or positive feedback to bring in new people. This only works if people are happy. As for what makes people happy depends on each individual. Sorry for my long winded answer. We should get you to continue on the tour.”

“What about her? Are you letting her out to continue?”

A smile reached Miss Keys face, “Of course not. She is truly a danger to all of you. Even before being restrained, she was slowing the group down. You can now enjoy the rest of the tour at a proper pace.”

Warden Keys added, “Epsilon isn’t the only one here who has been an inmate at the Subspace prison. Why don’t you show them, Angie.”

Angie blushed and lifted up her skirt. Due to the location of her tattoo, she had to expose part of her lacy thong and her partially obscured pussy to others. Soon everyone got to see the tattoo on her inner thigh. Two large stylized letters reading ‘NG’ with the words ‘Property of’ above the two large letters. Below them it read ‘Subspace Prison’.

Much to everyone's surprise except maybe Emma, Warden Keys kissed the woman on the lips and added, “Good Girl.”

As they walked away, Warden Keys turned back to Emma with a cruel smirk. “*Mindfuck!*” she tried to shout through the mask. Not that anything coherent came out.

As everyone left, Emma tried to sit up but the restraints made it awkward. She looked around to find the cell barren except for a toilet. There was no bed or cot. She had solid walls surrounding her except the bars for the wall with the cell door that entered.

She tried to get comfortable on the cold, hard floor. Her flesh dealing with the harsh feeling of both the floor and restraints. She hadn’t forgotten the look of the group, even those of her friends.

More tour groups came through. Many were staring at the bound prisoner in her cell. Her mask prevented any communication. It appeared they all got to see a video of her intake and many were surprised to see that she was truly there.

Eventually after the last tour group passed through, a couple of people came to remove Emma from her cell. She didn’t recognize any of them and endured the slow trek out of the prison and the surrounding fenced in courtyard. They didn’t remove her restraints as she was brought to the hotel cafeteria.

There were questions and suggestions being asked to Miss Keys and others. Others congregated in small groups talking amongst themselves. It was a busy place even though Emma saw a number of people leaving, likely trying to catch the ferry early.

Emma found herself seated at a table and her mask removed, but not the rest of her restraints. Angie, Nix, and Kit came over to check on her and even gave her water to drink. Her restraints didn’t allow her hands near her face so she required help. The three of them left soon after, each with their own plans for the evening. Emma had no idea what her plans were. For now she'd wait as she was dependent on others.

The early dinner started and those who had signed up to have dinner with her sat at her table. Unlike the rest of them, Emma didn’t eat. She wasn’t even offered her usual smoothie. Instead her meal came from the cum from the men and women she gave dessert to. Usually it was only for those who signed up to have dinner with her, but another two dozen or so took advantage of the opportunity leaving Emma’s mouth worn out.

The majority of people had left and Emma only saw cleaning staff as she continued to sit there unsure what would happen next. It was soon answered as those that got her from the prison showed up. Her mask was put on and a new journey into the unknown began.

The sun was getting close to the horizon, but the sunset still had plenty of time to go before darkness replaced it. She was standing near the edge of a cliff. A number of tiki-like torches were lit and surrounded her. There was a small table with a chair off to the side.

She was soon pushed to her knees. A small chain anchored to the ground was attached to her collar. She couldn’t lift her head more than a foot off the ground. Her restraints hampered her, but if necessary she could rotate around the anchor point with effort.

Footsteps led away leaving her alone. She had quite the view. The early stages of sunset. The ocean went on as far as the eye could see. It was quite peaceful even in her current circumstances.

Footsteps came from behind her, but she didn’t want to exert the effort to rotate around to see, plus she would lose the view. The mask prevented her from speaking, so she waited to see what would happen.

“It is quite the view, isn’t it? I've considered building a house here to retire to at some point. Seeing you like you are makes me believe I should and keep you here like this forever. It does suit you well.”

Emma struggled to turn her head with the side even as the collar resisted. She caught glimpses of the heels and nylon covered legs.

“Always looking to worship my feet. While I can use a good foot massage, that is no longer something someone in your position could do.” Another set of footsteps came from behind Emma. “Ah, it looks like my dinner is here. I'm starving. Much like you, I only had coffee this morning and some water throughout the day.”

Miss Keys apparently sat down, she was out of Emma’s view. The other person had left, never saying a word. Emma knew she was eating by the exaggerated sounds. Her own stomach grumbled.

She spoke again, “No doubt you are hungry. But an animal like you isn’t really human. My table scraps would be far too good for you even if I had the keys to remove your mask, which I don’t. Don’t worry, I'll have someone bring you a bowl of dog food and water each morning. I suggest you enjoy them quickly before the pests show up and take their share. Though I imagine they will enjoy your flesh as well.

“I was nice enough to give you a bit of reprieve for now with the torches. Though it was mainly for my benefit to eat in peace. Once the torches run out. I'm sure many pests will look to feast upon your supple body. That is just one of many things you will learn to survive in your new life.”

“Wait until the wind picks up later. The cold will be the least of your worries. You see the wind carries tiny particles. The stronger the winds, especially the storms, the more your flesh will be sand blasted. It is likely to rip open your skin and then even more pests will feast on you. That won’t be good for you unfortunately. I'll have to consider getting you a proper bitchsuit to negate much of it if I decide to keep you long-term.”

Emma heard the fork clink against the empty plate which was followed by her speaking again, “One last suggestion before I need to head back and handle the never ending problems. It would be wise to do your business downwind. Unless you enjoy the smell or watching the pests feast on your own shit. Farewell my pet, in case you perish before I have a chance to return and allow you to bask in my presence. Oh, you have been desperate for titles to call me. You got one right today, though that one is usually reserved for those I truly want to punish and make suffer. They often call me many things before they break, but Mindfuck is one. So it is another lesson for you to consider as I reiterate,” Miss Keys paused while standing off to the side of Emma. “I'm not a good person.”

Emma listened as the footsteps faded in the distance. She didn’t bother fighting the restraints. There was no getting out or away. The torches were still active for now and there was enough moonlight reflecting off the ocean to still see a bit. Really there was little she could do but wait and enjoy the view until she passed out.
