---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: New Tricks for an Old Dog
authors:
- Marcia
tags:
- Sbf
- cons
- X
date: 2005-07-15 00:00:00
---

New Tricks for an Old Dog by Marcia
It is often said that you can’t teach old dogs new tricks.  How
wrong this saying is because, despite my being classified as an old dog
(just turned 58 thank you very much) by several agencies and institutions,
I’ve learned several new tricks these past two years and I’m happier now
than I’ve been in a long time.

Last winter we had we had a fairly severe snowstorm that dumped almost
20” and crippled most of our highways and side streets.  The plows
in our community did not come through our neighborhood for two days and
as a result we found ourselves cooped up with nothing more to do than watch
TV, read, sew and cook, etc.

On the first evening of our forced stay-at-home I decided to watch TV. 
I had already finished a book I had started a few weeks before and my husband
had gone to bed for the night (he’s, gasp!, 68 and was tired from shoveling
the driveway and wanted to try to get an early start in the morning when
the plow would come through and put all the snow back in front of our driveway
again).

Scanning the listings on cable I was looking at the HBO and ShowTime
movies and found one that I had never seen or heard of called Bound starring
Meg Tilley.  I’ve always found that movies she is in are not too bad
and considering the other choices that evening I decided to turn that one
on.

Never having anything but vanilla relationships (see, I’ve even learned
many of the expressions) going back to when I was in college and most certainly
since I was married 35 years ago I had never been comfortable with the
sex scenes in the movies today and certainly not with any of the other
kinkier things some have shown.  But this time, for some reason, things
were different.  In fact, a lot of things were different for me that
night.

The other woman in the movie, I forget her name (must be a senior moment),
meets Meg and they become intimately involved.  At first it bothered
me that the movie was showing that because I always felt that such scenes
are not necessary if it is a good movie or even a bad one for that matter. 
However, this time it was different for me because I found myself practically
glued to the screen when the camera panned up Ms. Tilley’s legs while she
was standing behind the woman that had come into the apartment to fix her
sink (and all these years I thought all plumbers were over weight with
droopy jeans displaying more cleavage in the back than most women do in
front).  Anyway, things progressed from there and in a short time
they are in bed, making love and talking about stealing a lot of money
from the man she (Ms. Tilley) is with.  Without going on and on about
the plot and everything else that happens (which I didn’t really pay too
much attention to because I found myself otherwise occupied after a while)
one thing leads to another and both women are eventually tied up and gagged
by the man.

The scenes that were violent in nature I won’t go into either but for
some reason when I watched them being tied up and gagged feelings that
I never knew I had were suddenly bubbling up inside me.  I started
imaging myself tied and gagged but instead of the violent things that they
were threatened with I imagined myself being touched and teased. 
Almost absentmindedly my hands were rubbing my breasts and began to roam
further down to my thighs and as I pressed my hands between my legs I was
practically trembling with desire to do more.

As quickly as I could I opened my pants and pushed them and my panties
down to my knees and as I kept touching and massaging myself and tweaking
my nipples I just started to drift off into some sort light dream state
and I could feel my legs trying to open wider but as they were restricted
by my pants I could not open my legs as wide as I wanted and I started
to imagine that my legs were tied with rope instead of being restricted
by my pants/panties.

The orgasms I had were as intense as any I’ve ever had and, in some
ways, much more fierce and concentrated wondering what the hell had just
happened to me.  Leaning back on the couch I was half naked, exposed
from my waist down, wet, and with nipples that seemed harder than they’d
been in a long long time and I still had my hand cupping my pussy. 
Lazily I might add, but still cupping it none-the-less.

I never went up to bed that night.  Instead I switched channels
(the movie had ended) and put on one of those home decorating shows (after
pulling my pants and panties back up) and I curled up under a small throw
I keep on the couch and feel asleep until I was rudely awakened in the
morning by Mr. Snow Shovel.  Almost instantly it all came back to
me.  How the women were tied and how it made me feel and what I had
done and when I went to shower my hands once again began to caress my breasts
and pinch my nipples and it was a very short trip to my pussy as I used
the bar of soap to rub my labia and clit.  It’s a good thing my husband
has arthritis that sometimes causes him a lot of difficulty when standing
because we had a seat installed at the end of the tub several years ago
and if it weren’t for the seat I would have been on my back in the tub
because of the intensity of the orgasm I was having (so I guess his arthritis
was, that morning, a good thing – always a silver lining).

Have you ever become consumed about something and wouldn’t rest until
you learned everything you could about it?  Well, that’s how I was
that morning and ever since.  We may be old(er) but we do not live
in the dark ages.  No abacus or oil lantern for us, no siree, we not
only have electricity and indoor plumbing we have cable and a computer. 
So after my bath adventure and a cup of coffee (with Mr. Snow Removal still
working outside but I think talking more with our neighbors than working)
I settled myself down in front of the pc and began to do some surfing.

How to start, what key words to search for.  Tied up, that got
some results.  Bound, that got even more results (including a listing
for last night’s movie), and finally, after a half-hour of nervously skimming
through some sites I hit the jackpot by searching for bondage.  So
many sites, so much to see, to learn about, to think about.  The wheels
within my mind were spinning out of control as I went from one site to
the next.  All the images flashing before me recorded in my memory
bank for future reference as I thought of myself tied and gagged and blindfolded
as those beautiful women were.  Suddenly I was no longer 57 year old
married woman wearing a faded but awfully comfy flannel nightgown, I was
one of the women whose photos I was looking at.  Restrictively tied,
gagged with all sorts of things; scarves, balls, leather straps and other
things I didn’t even have a name for.  Even the choice of ropes, straps
and chains used were different.  And the clothing, lingerie and costumes,
or lack thereof, were just as diverse. Like Rip Van Winkle I felt as though
I had awoken in a strange new world and I couldn’t get enough of it. 
For the rest of that week I was insatiable and tried to learn as much as
I could.  I masturbated more in those few days than I had in months
and each time I fantasized of being tied.

Which finally brings me to my first time tying myself up.  Dear
reader, you didn’t think I would not at least tell you about it, did you?

My husband was going to Pittsburgh with his brother and our two nephews. 
They had tickets for the Steelers football game and left early Saturday
morning and would be staying in Pittsburgh on both Saturday and Sunday
night not driving home until Monday morning (a good 8 hour drive from our
house).  Now what is a horny old gal to do with so much time on her
hands?

First thing she does is pack him a nice lunch for the trip and waves
goodbye from the front porch.

The second thing she does is grab the car keys and drive to Home Depot
to buy rope (which is another story all by itself.  Oh the things
you can find there!).

After spending a casual two hours shopping I lugged my purchases to
the car and put the bags on the front seat next to me.  Yes, I bought
more than just rope, I bought some chains and locks and a couple of small
wood working clamps and, well, lots of stuff all based on what I had read
about and seen on the internet.

Before going home I also went to Macys at the mall and went straight
to lingerie.  Not hard to find as that department is by the main entrance
from the mall’s main walkway.  Now, I hadn’t bought these things in
years so I got an extra thrill just making my selections.  Stockings
and garter belt, a lovely lace slip, panties, bras and a little waist cincher
with attached garters.  I have to admit that one of the sites I had
gone to was devoted to corsets and so my wanting the waist cincher.

I almost decided to buy new heels but didn’t.  Since then I have
but I decided against it that day and went home instead.

Once in the house I made sure the garage door was closed, inside the
house I checked both the front and back doors to make certain they were
locked too, and ran as fast as these old legs could take me upstairs to
my bedroom where I laid all my purchases on the bed, sorting the ropes
by size, the chains, locks, and so on, and last the lingerie.

So frilly, so pretty, so wonderful to imagine myself dressed and tied
in them.

Taking a quick shower (normally I have a tendency to linger in the shower)
I was tempted to do more than just wash but wanted instead to get back
to the bedroom and put my plans to work.

It’s funny, I hadn’t worn stockings in years but as I put them on it
felt as natural as when I was younger and as I attached the garters I felt
a definite tingle of excitement building even more inside me as I put on
the lace panties and bra.  Standing in front of the mirror I looked
at my reflection and liked what I saw.  Please understand, I’m not
talking about the “physical” me, I’m not pretty, fairly plain in fact,
but what I saw and liked so much was me glowing.  I don’t think I
can come up with a better word to describe it.  Glowing seems right. 
Even today, when I “dress up” I feel like I’m glowing inside.  It’s
a rush and I love it, almost as much as being tied up.

Going to my closet I picked out an old cocktail dress I hadn’t worn
in ages.  A pretty wine red wispy thing with spaghetti strap and a
low cut bodice.  The hem comes short of my knees a couple of inches
and although I hadn’t worn it in ages it still fit fairly well.  A
bit tight in a couple of places I’ll not mention just now but still it
fit okay.

Shoes were next and I chose a pair of black pumps with two-inch heels. 
Since that day I have expanded my shoe collection but at that time they
were the highest I had.

Before going back to the bed to select the rope I was going to use I
went back to the bathroom to brush my hair and put on my makeup. 
Silly when you think about, but if my hair isn’t brushed and makeup not
applied I wouldn’t be “dressed”.

Finally I was ready for my first adventure.  Having read a lot
of stories and articles about the art and hazards of self-bondage I made
sure that I had a couple of sharp steak knives and a pair of scissors that
I would place on the floor just in case I couldn’t untie myself.

Picking up the quarter inch ropes that I had them cut to ten and fifteen
foot lengths I sat on the edge of the bed and began by tying my ankles. 
I was going to tie them so that one crossed over the other but quickly
found that standing with them tied like that was not easy and certainly
hopping around like that would be out of the question.  So I tied
them side by side and like a good student of bondage used the ends of the
rope to cinch all the windings quite snug, but not too tight (I thought
anyway).

Next I tied my knees, above and below, and then wound some more rope
around my upper thighs.  I had no idea why the upper thighs are tied
but they always looked so pretty in the pictures so I tied a rope around
my thighs too.

I had already begun to get excited while tying my legs and my breasts
felt swollen and my nipples were most definitely hard and I hadn’t even
touched them yet.  My breathing was a little shallow as well, and
not from the fact that I had been bending over and tying my legs.

Using a longer rope, about 25 feet, I looped it over my breasts and
began to wind it as tight as I could above and below and crossed between
my breasts.  It took some time figuring out the best way to wind the
rope but eventually got it so it was pretty tight and my breasts were squeezed
very nicely.  I couldn’t resist touching my breasts and almost started
to lift the hem of my dress so I could touch my pussy but I knew if I did
that it would ruin everything so I managed to stop myself from going any
further and picked up an old pair of panties and a scarf so that I could
gag myself.

After putting the panties in my mouth I realized that they weren’t really
filling my mouth that much so I went to get a second pair from my dresser. 
That’s when I found out that the rope around my ankles was tighter than
I thought it was.  When I stood up I could feel my ankles being pressed
together much more tightly and as I tried to hop over to the dresser I
realized that it was not going to be as easy as I thought and I had to
put my hand on the edge of the bed and then on the edge of the dresser
to keep my balance so I could get the panties.  By the time I got
back to sitting on the bed again my ankles hurt just a bit but I could
also feel how they felt better without the extra tightness caused by the
rope.  If I was going to tie myself so that I had to stand in the
future I made a note of making sure that I didn’t tie them quite this tight.

I also loved how my breasts felt as I hopped to and from the dresser. 
They bobbed a bit but the way they were compressed felt oh so good too.

Putting in both pairs of panties wrapped inside one of the scarves so
I wouldn’t choke accidentally I wrapped two more around my mouth and tied
them all behind my neck.  Testing how effective the gag was I was
surprised to find that I was able to make quite a lot of noise and I could
also talk, with difficulty, but well enough to be understood.  Just
not as loud as normal.  Since then I have learned to use other gags
and have found that no gag prevents you from making noise.  Tape is
best to ensure you can’t say anything intelligible but you can still make
noise from your throat and nose.

Getting on the floor was my next big step.  Much more difficult
to do when your legs are tied than I would have thought but once on the
floor I picked up the last two pieces of rope I was going to use for my
first tie-up and after sitting back against the side of the bed I wound
the first rope around my waist and knotted it in front.

I was already very excited and knew that I had to tie my hands or I
would just pick up my dress and put my fingers in my pussy and I wouldn’t
stop until I had (at least) one orgasm.  I didn’t want to do that,
I had come this far and I was determined to finish tying myself up.

On a few sites on the internet I tried to learn how to tie my hands
behind my back and not get loose easily.  I had practiced this with
my hands in front of me first then behind my back several times while reading
the instructions online but this was the first time that it counted so
I tried to do it as best I could.

I used a slip knot and after making several loops just big enough for
me to put my hands through I tied the end of the rope to my ankle rope
and then, after laying on my stomach, I grabbed the ends of the rope and
put them through the rope around my waist.  I began pulling on the
ends from my ankles and when my feet were up and I could feel my calves
begin to touch my thighs I tied the ends of the rope around my ankles and
knotted them on the far side of my ankles so it would be difficult to reach
the knots.  Easier to describe how to do it than doing it.  It
took me a bit of trial and error to finally get this done and I have to
admit that I almost thought I wouldn’t be able to do it.

After the rope was tied I put my hands through the rope loops that were
still dangling from my waist rope and when I pulled my feet away from my
ass the slipknot tightened the rope around my wrists.  Very snugly,
very securely as I discovered when I tested to see if I could wriggle my
hands loose.

I was now tied and gagged, laying on the floor of my bedroom, picturing
myself tied like all the other women I’ve seen on the internet and I loved
how it felt.  As began to wiggle to see how much flexibility I had,
how easy or hard it would be to move around if I had to get to the knives
or scissors, I began to rub my breasts and nipples on the rug as well as
my pussy.

This was so much better than sitting on my couch with my pants down
by my knees.  I couldn’t move much and I was becoming more and more
frustrated each time I tried to rub myself on the rug.  So close at
times only to have to stop because of the frustration and all the wriggling. 
I needed to rub more and more and when I pressed my pussy down on the carpet
my breasts felt the rope around them tightening and it all just kept me
on edge.  Finally, after I don’t know how long, I had such an intense
orgasm that my body stiffened and as I came again I could feel everything
spinning and rushing through me.  I had never cum so hard and I loved
it.  I never wanted to be untied I thought as I kept humping the carpet
and sort of semi-rolling to my side and then back again, as heavily as
I could, on my breasts.  The expression “I died and went to heaven”
came to mind when I laid there worn out from both the orgasms and the bondage. 
The rope held me like a warm embrace, a tight hug or squeeze by a lover. 
I was literally in a fog and loving every minute as I just let myself go
and relax against the ropes.

How long it took me to recover, again, I don’t know, but when I did
I thought that I should untie myself and then get on to the next thing
I wanted to do.  I tried to get my hands out of the loops but with
all the pulling and twisting I did I couldn’t manage it and had to get
to one of the knives or scissors and that’s when I learned that wanting
to move somewhere when hogtied is easier to think of doing than doing.

I couldn’t believe how difficult it was to squirm my way to the knife. 
Even on the carpet I was having difficulty moving very far with each wriggle,
moving the thighs here, then there, trying to lift my breasts so I could
move toward the knife.  Harder than I imagined but at the same time
very interesting as I once again began to get more than just a little stimulated
and after having gone only about five feet or so needed to stop moving
toward freedom and start moving toward another orgasm.   This
orgasm took me much longer to achieve than the first two but it was still
almost as intense and breath taking.  It also marked the first time
in years that I had cum so often in such a short period of time and although
I was well on my way to exhaustion it felt so damned good I didn’t care
if I never got loose.

But when I came back down to earth I did care, my ankles were hurting
from the ropes because I had pulled too hard on them and I could feel the
beginnings of numbness in my feet and hands.  So I knew that I had
gone too far this first time and that I had to get loose.

After several more minutes I did manage to get to one of the knives
and after I cut the rope from my ankles to my waist rope and wrists I stretched
out my legs and it felt so good.

An hour later I was still dressed and downstairs in the family room
where I set up one of the dining room chairs in front of the TV. 
Almost all of the rope marks on my wrists and ankles were gone and I was
wanted to try being tied to a chair for while.  It was still early
in the day and I had lots of other things to try so with the chair next
on the list I began.

Today I am still doing self-bondage, my husband had a minor stroke and
can not assist, but I have also talked with several wonderful people online
who have given me advice about self-bondage and one gentleman, another
old dog (but he learned his tricks years ago) has been good enough to have
to visit me a few times when I am home alone and I have had the good fortune
and opportunity of experiencing bondage by his hand.  But all that
and my own self-tying can be told another time.  I haven’t even finished
telling about my first day/weekend yet.
