---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Factory Tour with Options
authors:
- Northern Chill
tags:
- FF-F+
- lovedoll
- transformed
- packaged
- cons-nc
- X
date: 2006-05-17 00:00:00
---

Author's
note :  This story is a bit darker than my usual stories and involves
scenes of sexuality, profanity and mild violence.  If this offends you,
please move on to another story, otherwise enjoy
!    (Based on
an idea suggested to author by Mad Bird CZ...... )

It was a summer day with the midday sky hazy from the high humidity that
seemed to be everywhere. Kids were in the quiet streets playing stick ball
or running under the water streaming from an open fire hydrant. The
children scattered to one side as two large mini van taxis drove by, heading
towards the factory that the people inside had signed up for a tour
of.
"Gee, you'd
think a company that manufactures love dolls would be sensitive about how they
produce and test the products before sending them out to the various stores
around the country," the blonde haired Miranda said as she turned and
looked back at the other women in the van.
Gina and Svetlana nodded silently in agreement while
Cynthia's face slightly reddened. "Well, the online questionnaire I filled out
at Dream Dollies web site was fairly thorough. It even asked if I had.. ummm... personal thoughts about love dolls in general...." Cynthia
said, trailing off at the end in obvious embarrassment.
"You too..? Gee, I thought I was
the only one who was asked for my thoughts about the dolls and stuff related to
it. When I wrote that I often.. um... well.. fantasized about being
treated like one, they immediately emailed me back and invited me on this tour,"
Iris said, somewhat embarrassed by her admission though that dissipated
somewhat when she glanced around and saw the nodding of heads much like Cynthia
had seen earlier.
"Well,
I don't know if Dream Dollies can help fulfill our fantasies or not but I'm
curious about the whole process they use to make their amazingly lifelike sex
dolls. I swear, every boyfriend I've had in the last six months has
brought it up in one way or another..." Gina said as the women started
chatting among themselves about men they'd dated and other things.

**In the other cab......**
"This whole tour seems kind of strange to me. I mean, a
factory that makes love dolls giving a tour to ten women who answered their
online questionnaire seems kind of strange to me. The fact that the tour
was non-transferable and we aren't allowed to take anyone with us is even more
bizarre," Molly said while twisting a lock of her red hair with her right
hand.
"Ahh, Molly, you
worry too much. Why don't you look at it as an all expense paid vacation
with a slightly off the wall kink to it? At the very least, it'll make for
great conversations at the clubs when you get back home. Of course, if you
don't talk about it there, you can go over it when you're alone in bed... if you
know what I mean," Carmen said with a broad grin.
Miranda and Tanya looked out the taxi
windows and pointed at various sights of interest to them while Pam rested back
with her head resting in her right hand. "Ugghh... don't even mention
clubs to me. I spent way too much time at the local clubs last night and
my head feels like it's stuffed with cotton. I just hope the whole tour is
as good as they said it was in the email," the redhead said as she rubbed her
neck with her left hand.
"Well,
we're here now. I guess we're all going to find out what this tour entails here
in a few minutes," Tanya said as she shifted herself on the seat and
pulled up the blue and white tube top she was wearing. She had been a
cocktail waitress back in her home town until she had been recently fired for
refusing to give in to the owner's sexual advances. With few friends and
no living relatives, she was about to leave town to try and find something
better when she accepted the offer of this tour. In fact, she had made
more friends with the other women on tour than back home. Tanya was
surprised to find that quite a few of them were like her - single, no relatives
and looking for a little fun. As the taxi turned into the factory parking
lot, followed shortly thereafter by the other taxi, it appeared that Tanya's
desire for fun would soon be answered....

**Ten minutes later.....**
The group of ten women had been ushered into a fairly large conference room
where they were served a variety of fruit juices and told that the tour
coordinator would be with them shortly. The women sipped on the juice
while looking at various brochures on a table at the front of the room or
looking at pictures of various dolls produced by the company. "Luscious
Linda", "Delightful Debbie" and "Sensual Sandra" were just three of the dolls
pictured on the walls. Several of the tour members remarked that, in
spite of the typical doll poses depicted, the various products looked just like
real women.
After several minutes of
chatting among themselves, the guests were greeted by the sight of two women in
their mid 30's entering the room with big smiles on their faces and carrying
several sheets of paper with them. Both of them were dressed in pink and
white business suits with thin waists and bust lines that looked to be at least
D-cup size or larger.
"Geez, you think these
two were the models for one of these love dolls at some point in the past,"
Cynthia said softly to the women around her, who all tittered at the
amusing suggestion.
"Ladies, if you can take a
seat, we can go over the details for the fantastic experience that looms ahead
for each and every one of you. My name is Lucy and this is Bonnie over
here and we're going to be your guides today as well answer any questions you
may have along the way," the blonde haired Lucy said with a bright smile
on her face.
Once the women had sat down, the
guides handed out a yellow and pink form to each woman before returning to the
front of the room once again. Cynthia glanced over the forms and saw they
were standard waiver release forms absolving the company of any monetary claims
in case of accidents during the various steps of the tour. The only
difference between the two forms was that the yellow form had a large **N** stamped in the upper right hand corner and the pink one had a **F** on
it.
"To get things started, let's review what
brought you all here today. All of you indicated you'd like to experience
what it would be like to transformed into a latex vinyl doll and I'm happy to
say we're going to be able to fulfill your fantasy today. However, I do
want to remind you that the process that we use is a secretive one which is why
there is the standard non-disclosure clause in the forms you see before you,"
Lucy said with a serene tone.
"Each of you have
also stated a preference for which part of the tour you'd like to take part in
(normal or full service) and the cost for each differs of course. This is
just a formality at this point but if each of you can fill out the appropriate
form based on your desire, we can get things started. Oh, and if you want
to switch from one type to the other, let me or Bonnie know when you hand your
forms in," Lucy said happily gesturing towards the papers in front of the
women.
A few minutes later, the ladies had all
filled out the proper forms and handed them in to the company reps. Lucy
looked over them quickly though she paused when she got to Tanya's form.
"Tanya, I see you've changed your mind about which part of the tour you
want from full service to the normal option. Since there's a difference in
terms of cost for you, we'll settle up with you after the tour either in a cash
refund or free product certificates," the company rep said with a bright
smile.
"Now, if there's no additional questions from
any of you, we can start the amazing tour that you've all signed up for.
Everybody who signed up for the full service tour will follow me, while
those of you who wanted the regular version can go with Bonnie through the door
at the far end," Lucy said, motioning towards the two doors while nodding
towards her fellow worker.
"Umm... just one second.
Before we head off on the company tour, I just have one question about the
promises I read at your web site. You say that your company is capable of
having a woman experience the feeling of being turned into an inanimate love
doll, yet you don't go into any details of how you do this. Could you give
us a little detail about what the process entails? " Cynthia asked with
her hands gesturing towards the company paraphernalia.
Lucy's blue eyes clouded over for a second and, for a few seconds, it seemed
like she was having trouble phrasing a response to the inquiry. A few
seconds later, her face resumed the serene look it had all along as she looked
at Cynthia with a big smile. "As we told everybody in the email that you
were sent, the process of realizing your dreams will involve the actual physical
transformation of your bodies into the inanimate form of the love dolls that we
ship out of her each and every day. I promise you it'll be an experience
unlike anything you've ever felt before," she said with a chipper
tone.
The women in the group looked at each other and
nodded in satisfaction at Lucy's response. After the guides' inquiry if
there were any other questions was met with silence, everyone moved towards the
door appropriate to their preference and followed one of the guides out.
Cynthia, Gina, Iris, Svetlana and Miranda followed Bonnie through one door while
Molly, Anne, Carmen, Tanya and Pam trailed behind Lucy out the other wooden
door.
Bonnie's group followed a series of yellow dots down
a long corridor which ended in a elevator with TOUR written above it. The
woman filed into the elevator and after the door closed, Bonnie pushed the
button marked **D** and, a second or so later, the car started to slowly
descend. After a minute or so, the elevator stopped and the door slid open
to reveal a corridor that looked much like the one the women had just come
from.
However, this corridor had several doors on both sides
that were fairly near the elevator with signs marked PRELIM, STAGE 1 and FINISH
above the entrances. Bonnie smiled as she ushered the women into the
PRELIM room, which appeared to the women like a locker room and shower area they
would see at any local gym.
"Ladies, the first step for this
exciting process you're about to undertake is that you should all store you
clothes and belongings in a locker for safe keeping. Don't worry... the
lockers will be secured after you're done undressing so you need not worry that
you'll be left naked at the end of tour," Bonnie said with a chuckle that
elicited a few laughs from the women.
As the women started
to change, Bonnie went over to a locker that stood by itself and pulled out a
large cardboard box. She opened it and handed each woman an unlabeled
bottle containing a bright pink fluid as well as a disposable razor and cream.
Bonnie then moved over to an opening near the lockers where she waited
patiently for the women to finish undressing and storing away their clothes
before speaking again.
"Next step, ladies, is for you all to
take a nice hot shower using the bottle of shampoo I handed each of you.
It's a special liquid that will help to make sure that there is no dirt or
contaminants on your skin for when you undergo the process. The razor and
cream are for you to shave away all pubic hair before the process can begin.
I would advise you all to wear shower caps before starting to use the
cream as it is geared to remove any hair it comes in contact with," Bonnie said
to the group of women, who nodded and started to get ready for this part of the
process.....

**Elsewhere.......**
"........ I wonder if they use hypnosis to make you
believe that you've been changed into a love doll..." Carmen said softly
to Pam as the elevator slowly descended to where everything would
begin.
Before Pam could respond, the car slid to a
stop and the doors slid open. As the six women stepped out, they saw a
long light blue colored corridor where they saw there was four doors, two on
each side, in the corridor and a set of double doors at the end like the type
you would see in a loading dock area.
"Ok, ladies.
Step into the changing room here and remove all your clothing before we
start the process. After that, make sure you take a nice long hot shower
to remove all gunky dirt that will affect your transformation into sexy love
dolls. However, I must warn you in advance that the shower will remove all
you body hair so be prepared for your appearance after you dry off," Lucy said
with a pleasant tone.
"Body hair? Are you talking
pubic hair or...?" Carmen asked in a hesitating voice while touching her
right hand on top of her head.
"Well, Carmen, as it was
pointed out to you in the brochure that you were mailed some ago, the process
turns all exposed organic material inorganic so unless you want to spend
the rest of your life with synthetic hair that will never be replaced by real
strands, you might want to accept the idea of being temporarily bald,"
Lucy replied in a firm yet pleasant way.
Carmen nodded
slightly in acceptance and started removing her clothes as did the other
women. A few minutes later, all four were in the shower area basking in
the hot water spewing from the shower heads with the only hint that the water
was anything out of the ordinary being a faint scent of an exotic perfume that
pervaded the area.
Once all the women had showered
thoroughly, they stepped back into the change area and looked at themselves in
the mirrors there. Even though they had been warned ahead of time of
the shower's effects, the images that they saw still surprised them to say the
least. Devoid of any hair on their bodies, the four resembled anatomically
correct dolls with only the blinking of their eyes and the shine of a gold ring
adorning Pam's left nipple marking them as human. The women spent a minute
or two looking at themselves in the mirrors as well as looking over those next
to them.
"All right, ladies, it's time to move to
Stage 1. If you'll follow me out the door, we can begin the process in
earnest," Lucy said as she ushered the women towards the door leading to the
corridor once again. When Pam and Lucy both asked if they should put on
robes, Lucy assured them they would be out in the corridor for only a few
seconds and that factory workers are forbidden from entering the area during
tour times. The four women then proceeded out following the guide with
uncertainty and anticipation clearly visible on their faces.

First
group.....
Iris and her fellow tourists
were sitting on individual tables which resembled ambulance gurneys as they
waited for Bonnie to begin the process though privately some doubted the
validity of the promises the company made. A couple of the nude ladies
were talking softly among themselves when Bonnie came from the back of the room,
holding a silver tray with what appeared to be individually wrapped cough drops
on it.
"All right, ladies, I want each of you to take
one of these lozenges and place it in your mouth but do not bite down on it no
matter how tempting it may be," Bonnie said as she moved around the room
and gave each woman one of the pink wrapped candies.
"Now, you'll probably feel a little disoriented and light headed as the effects
of the drug starts to spread through your systems. I would suggest all of
you to lie back and relax on the tables you're on. You'll find your
mobility will start to lessen quite noticeably after about five minutes or
so, Don't worry, it's all part of the process," the tour guide said
as she watched Cynthia and Gina settle back with content looks visible on their
faces.
"Umm... so what comes after this? Do we become
love dolls within minutes of this taking full effect? " Svetlana asked
with some difficulty as she felt her tongue growing numb from the
drug.
"No, heavens no. After the lozenges' effect has
taken hold, I retrieve a bottle of our special Dolly Prep and spray each of you from head to
toe, which will soften your skin and continue the process of changing you into
inflatable sex toys. Thirty minutes after the spray, each of you are
rubbed down with towels that are dipped in Dolly
Shine to give each of you that dolly look. We videotape the whole
process to give you a souvenir after this is all done along with a cardboard box
with your name and picture on as a love doll to give your experience that extra
touch," Bonnie said as she watched Iris' eyes flutter rapidly as she laid
on the table.

Second group.....
"Mmmmmm...
this feels pretty good..... like I'm floating in a sea of
water....."Molly thought as she felt her skin growing softer by the
moment. Her tongue had gone numb several minutes earlier but she
really didn't have anything to say at this point. Her breathing was
growing shallower and her eyes had drooped as if she had fallen into a light
sleep.
"I wonder if
my boobs will be bigger when I'm a fuck toy....." the red haired Carmen
thought as she laid on the couch with her nude body looking majestic as if she
was waiting to be deflated and put into a box right away. Although she was
fairly certain that the process was not yet fully underway, she could see her
skin was becoming a lot smoother in appearance and a birthmark she had just
above her belly button had simply faded away. Carmen's whole body was
tingling, as was her fellow tour mates, as the medication worked its way through
their systems.
Ten or so minutes after she gave the women
the lozenges, Lucy walked over to each woman individually and checked on their
progress by tapping them on the arms and legs as well as on their torsos.
For each, the sensation of Lucy prodding and touching their bodies proved to be
quite stimulating to say the least. In Pam's case, when Lucy's fingers
brushed up against her left breast as she checked her process, it caused the
buxom blonde to moan out loud as best she could. Each of the ladies were
thoroughly enjoying themselves and looked forward to the next step of the
process.

First group....
When Bonnie was satisfied that the lozenges had taken full effect, she walked
over to a nearby wall and pushed a large red button. A minute or so later,
another woman, wearing a large blue smock, entered the room and handed Bonnie a
smock for her to wear. Two clear plastic bottles with DOLLY PREP written on the sides were then
retrieved by Bonnie from a nearby storage locker. After both women donned
gloves that ended just short of the elbow, they proceeded to start spraying each
of the women from head to toe with the solution. They also sprayed the
back side of each subject with one employee rolling the woman on her side while
the other soaked her with DOLLY
PREP. After all five women were thoroughly doused with the special
solution, Bonnie's assistant took off her smock and gloves and put them in a
nearby container before leaving the room.
After
Bonnie had carefully removed her own gear and put them in the container, she
pulled up a chair and sat down to watch the process unfold right before her
eyes.
"Oooohhh...
it's starting... I can feel it..... this is so cool....." Gina
thought to herself as she felt herself grow lighter by the second. She
felt her pussy and mouth twist and contort into ovular shapes like one would see
on any sex doll. Seams were becoming more pronounced on her arms and legs
as well as around her breasts. Her whole body felt taut like stretched
material yet she could sense there was still flexibility in
it.
"My body...... it feels
like everything is swelling... I'm.. I'm becoming a sex
doll!" Cynthia thought as her body took on the appearance of an
inflatable love doll. She could see her breasts pushing outwards by at
least 2 cup sizes with her areolas turning bright pink in color and her nipples
becoming erect and enticing to anyone seeing her. Needless to say, the
changes affecting her were extremely stimulating to Cynthia and it felt, to her,
like her mind was adrift in a sea of erotic bliss.
"I can't move.... but I can feel everything....
mmmmm....." Miranda thought as she stared up at the ceiling (which
had appeared to be lined in glass no doubt for the benefit of tourists like her)
and saw her body changing before her eyes. Her eyes widened and took on
the painted look that all sex dolls had (thankfully she could still see with
them) and her cheeks were taking on a bright red color. She could feel the
interior of her mouth forming into a smooth, latex sac devoid of any teeth or
her tongue with her lips forming a perfect O-shape. Her mind raced as
Miranda tried to think of what laid ahead with the tests she had been told about
and how she would feel.
Svetlana's and Iris' experiences
were similar to the other three women in the room as they felt their bodies
stretch and become rubber and latex in nature with every part of their bodies
tingling in feeling and desire to be caressed and experience what it was like to
be a love doll. For all five of the women, the next few hours would meet
all their expectations and then some.....

Second
group.....
Lucy sat in her chair and
watched with fascination as the five women lying down swiftly changed into
incredibly realistic love dolls. She saw Anne and Molly's breasts swell
outwards to at least C cup size capped by the usual pink areolas and nipples
seen on all sex toys of this type Tanya's green eyes changed to painted
features that matched the rest of her doll face with its apple cheeks and sultry
O-shaped mouth that begged to have something inside it.
Once
she was satisfied that the process was finished, the tour guide stood up and
walked over to where the newly created dolls were to visually inspect each of
them. She noted, with a sense of pride, how Carmen's fingers and toes
looked to be painted digits of latex and how Pam's legs had separated into the
traditional V-shape of all love dolls.
After she was
satisfied that all five were now sex dolls, Lucy left the room and returned with
a co-worker close behind her. Each was wearing a set of gloves (similar to
the ones they wore earlier when spraying DOLLY
PREP) and were carrying what looked like bottles of suntan lotion in
their hands. The two women methodically applied a small amount of the
lotion to each doll's torso and, using sponges from a nearby bucket, began to
rub and massage the liquid into each doll's skin. As they scrubbed and
buffed the dolls one by one, each became shinier in appearance giving them a
glow that was even more pleasing to the eye.
"Ooooohhh... my God.. this is incredible... absolutely
unbelievable........" Tanya thought to herself as her body tingled
from the massage she was given. She would have screamed out loud in
delirious pleasure except for the fact that she could no longer communicate in
the slightest. Her fellow tourists felt much like she did as their latex
bodies were rubbed and caressed repeatedly by the two company women.

First
group......
Bonnie and her assistant
finished polishing up the last of the dollies before tossing the sponges in the
same bucket their gloves were thrown into. After waiting a few minutes for
the cream, much like earlier, the two took turns pushing the living sex dolls
one by one out of the room, down the corridor and into the room marked STAGE
1. Once all the women were in the room, which seemed far more cluttered
then the first place they were in, the two company employees flipped the
dolls over so they were resting on their firm chests. Nodding to her
assistant, Bonnie stood in front of the doll that Cynthia was and leaned to grab
hold of the doll's inflation plug. With a grandiose gesture, and a wink to
the overhead camera that was recording her every gesture, the worker tugged open
the plug and stepped back to watch the results.
"Oooohhh... this is it!... I get to experience what
it's like to be deflated, to lose all shape and become nothing more than a flat
piece of latex and rubber...... wow!!!! " Cynthia thought to
herself as she felt her body's air rapidly escape through the open plug.
Her legs, which still looked long and luscious even in her state as an inanimate
doll, quickly became as flat as the table she was resting on. It seemed
like, in only a blink of an eye,that her body lost all its air and, aside
from the protrusions where her breasts were, she was flat as a pancake.
"My goodness... I'm
really deflating.... just like a hot air balloon... this is unbelievable.... I
can see myself folded and stored in a box... just like any other sex
doll...." Miranda thought as she felt herself rapidly lose the air
that now composed her insides. She found herself rapidly pressing flat
against the table as her body lost all shape and definition until it was flat
like the other dolls were becoming. The living doll, even in her flattened
condition, exulted as she felt her skin caressed by her tour guide.

Second
group.....
Lucy watched as, one by
one, the dolls had the air escape from them through the open inflation
plugs. The hissing sound was quite noticeable at first and gradually grew
quieter as the living sex toys lost all shape and definition and became nothing
more than flattened pieces of latex.
Once the dolls
were fully deflated, Lucy moved to the back of the room where she opened up a
large wooden crate that had a padlock on the side. With the help of an
assistant, she pulled out what seemed to be an oversized vacuum pump that had a
long, thin hose connected to it. The hose ended in what looked like ten
nozzle attachments extending separately from one end that indicated it was not a
device geared for cleaning the floor of a room.
Nodding to her helper, Lucy took each of the five deflated dolls and held them
aloft while her helper clipped a nozzle onto each one in turn. Once all of
them were hooked up, Lucy turned her attention back to the pump in the center of
the room. Reaching down to the right side, she flicked a switch from IN to OUT on the device followed by toggling the ON/OFF switch.
A few moments later, each of the dolls had the sensation of shape returning to
their bodies that was definitely erotic in nature. Carmen felt her arms
start to regain their form even as they bent to assume the traditional L-shape
that all synthetic dolls had. As her breasts swelled outwards and caused
her doll body to slightly wobble on the table, the redhead felt the intense
feelings of pleasure return that she had felt before. However, with these
feelings, Carmen felt an aching in her three openings as if she needed something
or someone to fill them up.
Anne's feelings were
similar to the other inflating dolls as her flattened body rapidly took
shape. She found her desire for pleasure was stronger now that she was
inflated and she wondered if this was how a love doll would
feel.
However, for all five dolls, the feelings were
fleeting as they were inflated for five or so minutes before Lucy flipped the
device's switch to the IN position.
She then, as before, went to each of the dolls only this time she extracted the
air in the same manner that she had added it. Molly and the others quickly
found themselves back in their flattened forms very quickly after which they
were folded up carefully. The deflated dolls were surprised by the fact
that when they were put into a cardboard box, they were placed face down so they
only could see the back of their fellow dolls. The box was then closed and
carted away to the next part of the tour.....

First group......
"Oooohhh...
this is incredible.... first we get transformed into love dolls, then we're
deflated and then inflated... what's next? I should know since I signed up
for this tour but it's hard to think in this form.... ummmm....."
Svetlana thought as she found herself being propped up in a sitting position by
Bonnie. The love doll saw that her fellow group members had been propped
up in similar manner with their hollow limbs splayed out to the sides.
Before she had any more time, Bonnie and her aide stepped to a point where all
the dolls could see and hear her.
"All right, dollies,
at this stage of the doll making process, we test the doll's openings to make
sure that it can stand up to lengthy usage without damaging the structure.
First off, all three openings are probed with sex toys for a set time limit to
make sure the material will not tear under stress. Of course, this test is
merely symbolic for you five as your structure is much different than the dolls
we manufacture here.... in more ways than one! Ha!" Bonnie said with
a small chuckle evident in her voice.
With that, the
tour leader took out several dildos and vibrators and after unwrapping them from
their packages, she handed them to her assistant. Bonnie's aide took the
sex toys and after applying a generous amount of lubricant to each one in turn,
she laid them down on a nearby metal tray. After they all were prepared,
Bonnie took the tray over to Miranda, who was the doll closest to
her.
Picking up a blue and silver vibrator,
Bonnie deftly inserted it into the doll's inviting artificial vagina
followed by a similar colored one into the doll's mouth. She then clicked
both vibrators on before moving onto the next doll and repeating the
process. Once all five dolls were given the vibrators to fill their
openings, Bonnie stepped back and picked up a stopwatch from a burlap bag at the
back of the room.
"I think thirty minutes will
be more than enough time for you dollies to revel in the sensations that are
going through your hollow bodies. I'll leave you to your enjoyment and
when I come back, I'll have a surprise for you five," the tour guide said
with a twinkle in her eye.
"Surprise?......... what is she talking about?.....
oooohhhh.... uhhhh... this is SO FUCKING unreal..... damn, I've got to get
myself a new vibrator when I get home.... maybe two.... the batteries run out so
fast on those things......" Cynthia thought to herself as she
reveled in the sensations that her hollow body was
experiencing.
Roughly thirty minutes later,
Bonnie returned to the room with five men, each dressed in white terrycloth
robes, trailing behind her. The robed men stood silently as Bonnie slowly
moved around to each of the dolls and removed the vibrators inserted into
them. Once she was finished, the tour hostess took a place in the room so
that all the living sex toys could see her once
again.
"Now that everyone has completed the
first phase of product quality testing, we move onto the next phase of ensuring
the products we sell won't become damaged from repeat usage. The gentlemen
you see with me are part of the human testing we do at Dream Dollies.
Their jobs are to use the love dolls thoroughly over a one hour period with
every opening being thoroughly used. They'll be using a variety of
lubrication oils and creams based on their individual preferences but rest
assured these five will make sure that the next sixty minutes for you
five. I'll leave you with them and prepare something that might surprise
the lot of you," Bonnie intoned even as she turned and left the
room.
When the door closed fully, the five men,
who ranged in ages from mid 20's to early 40's with varying physiques, set about
getting ready for their task. As they disrobed and laid out the items they
would be using in their 'work', the dolls were mentally tingling in anticipation
of what laid ahead.
"Oh, this is unreal!..... I'm going to have sex with a
complete stranger and not have to worry about anything afterwards... for all he
knows, I'm just another blow-up sex doll.... though.... I wonder if Bonnie did
tell them.... the way she explained.... oooohhhhh....." Gina
thought to herself before she felt her doll body being lifted up by a brown
haired man. She barely had time to revel in the pleasure of his fondling
her latex form before the living sex toy felt the man's hard member teasing the
sides of her O-shaped pussy.
"YESSS!!!!!!!............." Gina
mentally shouted in pleasure as she enjoyed the rising pleasure from the man
slowly entering her with his hard member. As she started to slowly bob up
and down on the table, her mental enjoyment was quickly joined by the other tour
participants as they were probed, caressed and fucked unlike anything they had
experienced before.
Second group........
For Molly, Carmen, Anne, Tanya and Pam,
the male testers had finished thoroughly 'examining' their doll bodies and were
in the process of taking soft white towels and cleaning each of their openings
completely. Once done that, the men propped the dolls up into sitting
positions before depressing a large red button located on the back wall.
The five then slipped back on their robes and silently left the room once again.
"That was
UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!..... it was better than any sex I've ever had.... well, except
for the fact that the guy who was using me needs to trim his fingernails a
bit..... I thought most guys just chewed them off...."Molly thought
to herself as her thinking finally calmed down from the euphoric rambling of the
past sixty minutes or so. If she was human, she would have laid in bed for
the rest of the day to recover from such a vigorous lovemaking session. As
it was, she lay motionless, like her fellow dolls, and awaited the return of
Lucy.
As it turned out, the living sex toys
didn't have long to wait as Lucy returned to the room roughly five or so minutes
later. The tour host checked the dolls over to make sure all their
openings had been completely wiped clean and then called in two aides to help
her with the next step.
"All right, ladies, it's
time to end your experience by transforming you back to your normal human
selves. We start the process by applying an ointment to your body that
will change your molecular structure slowly back to human form. However,
your mobility will still restricted during your change back so try and keep that
in mind when you first sense the changes," Lucy said softly before she and
her aides started applying a pink ointment to the five
dollies.
"OHHHH!!!!..... I WISH THEY'D LEAVE ME AS A DOLL A
LITTLE LONGER..... DAMN, THAT FEELS GOOD!!!........." Carmen shouted
mentally as she felt her doll body being picked up and the cream being massaged
onto every square inch of her. When the aide's hands came in contact with
one of her three openings, she thought she would go insane from the waves of
pleasure that rippled through her air filled body. Her mind would barely
settle down from one such assault of pleasure before the caressing of her boobs
would send her spiraling into another mental
orgasm.
Carmen's fellow dolls experienced
similar sensations as the lotion was vigorously applied to all of them.
Once done, Lucy and her assistants quickly left the room and 30 or seconds after
they departed, a loud humming sound could be heard in the room. This noise
was quickly followed by a noticeable increase in the temperature that would have
left the five women sweating and despairing over the heat if they were still
human. As it was, three or four minutes after the heat increased
noticeably, the dolls started to twitch ever so slightly and beads of
sweat were becoming visible on the surfaces of the
dolls.......
First group..........
Once the dolls were fucked thoroughly,
the men cleaned up after themselves (with special attention paid to the inflated
fuck toys) and left the room silently. Cynthia wondered what was going to
happen next when Bonnie and her assistants came back into the room. After
checking over the dolls to make sure they were completely wiped free of any
liquids and other such material, Bonnie nodded to her assistants to move over to
the dolls while she stood in the middle of the
room.
"The next step for you five is
to experience what it will be like to be on one of conveyor belts in our plant
as you are tested in various ways to ensure that you meet our high standards
here at this company. A few of these tests will be repetitious in nature
but after they are completed, you will be finding yourselves deflated, folded,
put into plastic bags and then into the boxes that will be your home from now
on," Bonnie intoned as her aides picked up the dolls and carried them out
of the room.
"What the hell is she talking about?..... she must be
joking about the new home bit..... oooohhh.... this new doll body is way too
sensitive...... uhhhh......." Svetlana thought as she tried to
figure out exactly what was in store for her and the others. She saw they
were being carried out of the room and towards the double doors at the end of
the corridor. Upon going through the doors, Svetlana saw (as best she
could with her doll eyes) that she was now in the room that Bonnie hinted at: a
room for testing and packaging love dolls like her and the four
others.
Oblivious to the silent
protests of the inanimate sex toys, the Dream Dollies employees quickly placed
the love dolls on a nearby conveyor belt that was inactive at the moment.
After adjusting the doll's bodies so that they were lying on their sides, the
employees stepped back and within a few moments, the belt started to move with a
loud rattling noise audible in the
room.
The dolls found themselves
slowly ascending upwards before passing in front of three previously unseen
workers, dressed in heavy rubber smocks and matching gloves. The workers
reached up to thin rubber hoses hanging overhead over the dolls and attached
them to the inflation valve on the back of each of the inflated sex toys.
Once the hoses formed a sealed connection, the workers turned a red knob
on a switch connected to the hose they were handling and watched as a three
digit figure in bright yellow appeared above the knob. Although the number
varied slightly for all five of the dolls, the numbers started to increase
upwards accompanied by hissing sounds from the
hose.
" I'M INFLATING!!!...
EVEN MORE!!!.... UHHHHH..... THE PLEASURE... AND PRESSURE...... THIS IS......
OOOHHHH... SO HARD TO.... HARD..... MMMMMMMM..... FEELS
SO........"Miranda thought as she felt her limbs and torso
start to swell. Although she couldn't move her head, she could see with
her fixed doll eyes that Cynthia was lying next to her and the seams on her doll
body seemed to be disappearing under the stress of the increasing pressure
building within her (and the other's) doll body. Miranda started to fear
that if the process didn't end soon, her plastic form would tear apart under the
strain.
"115.....120....125
%..... Shut down!........" a Dream Dollies worker intoned before reaching
up and depressing what was presumable the shut down button. The workers
disconnected the hoses from each of the sex dolls and after making sure the
inflation valves were secured once again, the conveyor belt was set into motion
once again.
"WHAT..... WHAT IS
HAPPENING?....... I FEEL SO STRANGE..... SO FULL........ THEY CAN'T BE
TRANSFORMING US INTO DOLLS PERMANENTLY..... THEY JUST CAN'T!!!!...... WHAT....
WHAT IS GOING ON NOW??......"Gina thought as she wobbled
ever so slightly as the belt moved along. Before more than a minute had
passed, the belt stopped once again in front of two factory workers.
Unlike the first two, these workers were holding the hoses in their hands with
the ends snaking downwards out of
sight.
"Gee, it's been a busy
week, eh, Frank? This is, what, the third or fourth 'special' order we've
done this week," the burlier of the two men muttered loudly so he could be
heard above the noise of the various machinery. While he talked, the man
flipped open the inflation valve on the back of the nearest doll while attaching
the hose in his hand to it simultaneously. From the doll's perspective
(who formerly was Cynthia), she could sense that the air was being sucked out of
her hollow form but, unlike previously, there seemed to be something else going
on.
"I'M DEFLATING.... LOSING MY SHAPE..... AM I GOING TO
WIND UP STUCK IN SOME CLOSET?.... OR..... OR...... I NEED TO BE USED.... I'M A
GOOD DOLLLLLLLL......" Cynthia thought desperately though as
her body lost shape, her thinking seemed to change abruptly to resemble the
desire for pleasure her current form wanted and
needed.
Once the doll was
fully deflated, the burly man disconnected the hose from its back and pulled up
the other end of the hose, which was connected to a silver colored metal
container. He detached the hose from the container and labeled it using a
black marker he plucked from a shirt pocket. The other man did a similar
thing after the hose was done extracting the air from Gina's dollified body
before he started to carefully fold the doll
up.
"NO!!... WE.... WE'RE
BEING TREATED LIKE SEX TOYS..... DEFLATED, FOLDED AND READY TO BE SHIPPED TO A
STORE..... SOLD TO SOME SICK PERVERT AND USED BY...... USED BY......... I WANT
TO BE LOVED.... GIVE PLEASURE......."Gina thought before her
mind faded away as her flattened form was neatly folded up and placed on the
belt. The other living dolls quickly experienced the same thing as
Miranda, Svetlana and Iris were all deflated and left in a pile next to each
other.
Once all five dolls had
been taken care of, the men started the belt up again and it rattled to life
with the dolls descending towards the front of the room and the belt's
end. Just before reaching the end, the belt was stopped by two more
workers who prepared the dolls for shipping. They slipped the deflated
dolls into individual clear plastic bags and sealed the bags with a hand held
sealing mechanism. With faces that had looks of desire for nothing but
lust and desire, the dolls saw the workers briefly glance at each of them a
final time before plucking a box off a nearby table. As the dolls
were slid inside their new 'homes', they saw that the box's exterior for each
had a picture of the women as a real woman. The pictures, which showed
each of them nude and posing seductively for the photo, were ones submitted by
the women when they originally applied to visit the
factory.
Only now did they
realize what the photos would be used
for........
Second group.........
The five women, fully human
and free of any of the ointment responsible for their change, were getting their
clothes out of the respective lockers and discussing among themselves what they
liked and disliked about the tour. Carmen, Pam and Molly thought the
experience was OK but nothing to write home about, so to speak. Anne was
excited about the sensations she felt from start to finish and vowed that when
she had enough money saved up, she's be back to take the 'full service'
tour. As the women talked among themselves, Tanya was strangely quiet as
if she was contemplating certain parts of the whole
experience.
"Well, this was quite the experience, to say the
least. Yet..... why do I feel so odd....? It's as if there's
something else going on here but I'm just not seeing it," Tanya
thought to herself as she pulled on her tube top followed by her shorts.
Given the nondisclosure agreements they all had signed, the five spent longer
than normal in changing into their clothes as they couldn't chat about it
publicly once they left the
factory.
After they
finished chatting, and exchanged phone #'s and/or email addresses, the women
gathered up their things and headed back to the elevator where Lucy was waiting
for them. After they all had entered the car and it started to slowly
ascend back to the floor they had started on, Tanya thought up a way she could
take a tour on her own.....
"All right.... as a final part of the tour, we'll go back to the room where the
introductions were done and I'll give each of you some parting gifts as our way
here at Dream Dollies to say thank you for your interest in our business and
hoping you'll remain loyal customers in the years to come," Lucy said
sweetly as she led the group out of the hallway and towards the intended
area. With Tanya being the last one in the elevator, she decided now was
the time for her to act....
"Shoot! I
just remembered I forgot something down in my locker, I'll go get and be
right back," Tanya called out as she ducked back into the elevator and hit
the button to close the door. She then hit the button for the floor below
the one she and others was just on to see how much she could snoop around on her
own.
Moments later, Tanya
found herself walking down a corridor that looked very similar to the one she
was just in with this one leading to what seemed to be some sort of distribution
area. She was just opening the door when a loud buzzer went off followed
by what seemed to be a group of employees heading off to a side room.
Sneaking carefully behind the machinery, Tanya saw that the workers were sitting
down and enjoying lunch which meant she could look around a little more freely
than she figured.
Walking by several conveyor
belts, Tanya saw several air hoses as well as canisters next to them that looked
to be part of testing for the love dolls prior to them being shipped out.
After passing by several similar type belts, Tanya came to front of the area
that looked to be some sort of shipping
dock.
"Everything looks to be pretty routine.... hmmm...
wonder what's in this black box over here?" Tanya thought to herself
as she walked over to a black cardboard box near the dock's edge. Judging
by the large masking tape dispenser sitting atop the box, it looked to be a
shipment that was close to being shipped out. Setting the dispenser to one
side, Tanya opened the box and saw, as expected, that it was packed full of
inflatable love dolls with foam pellets sprinkled around them. Plucking
the box on top out of the box, Tanya saw that the box was much more colorful
than the usual ones she saw in the stores back home. There was a large
color photo on the front along with the phrase 'the most realistic inflatable
love doll you'll ever buy!!' written in big, black letters with the doll's face
pressed against a clear plastic
window.
"Hmmmm..... I think this new type of dolly would do
very well... it's really a work of art.... though there's something familiar
about it........." Tanya thought to herself as she studied the box
in her hand. After a few seconds, she realized what it was that nagged at
her subconscious. The person depicted on the box was MIRANDA from the
other group and it looked like she was still a love doll! Glancing
downwards, Tanya saw that the members of the group Miranda was in were also in
the box in similar poses and packaging.
"How could Dream Dollies already have made up sex
dolls that look just like people here today even if they have the pic..... oh....
oh no.... OH SHITTT!!!!...... MIRANDA.....
CYNTHIA... GINA.... THEY.... THEY'RE ALL STILL DOLLS AND BEING SHIPPED OUT TO BE
SOLD!!!!!... FUCK!!!!!......." Tanya mentally gasped in
shock and horror as she realized what she was actually looking at. She let
the box slip out of her hands and back into the packing crate as she tried to
figure out what her next step was going to
be.
However, before Tanya had
a chance to act on what she had just learned, she felt her hands being grabbed
from an unknown assailant and were swiftly pinned behind her. Another
person (male judging by the size of his hands) grabbed her around her shoulders
and clamped a hand over her mouth to prevent her crying out for
help.
"Gosh, Tanya, I am so
sorry that you had to see that. I was hoping that we could count on your
patronage for many years to come. Unfortunately, we do have a policy that
people who see the 'other side' of our operations are processed in the same
manner that our 'full service' invitees are dealt with. Don't worry,
though, that you'll have any friends or family members to come looking for you
in the future. We carefully screen all our applicants so that if something
like this does happen, an 'accident' can be arranged to cover your
disappearance. As for your future, we'll be using your physical appearance
scan, like the full service women, to manufacture our limited edition ultra
expensive love dolls. You didn't think we wouldn't have that opportunity
while you were in the plant, did you? Well, we did, but don't worry.....
you'll be finding yourself a special home in the very near future," Bonnie
intoned in her weirdly cheerful way with Lucy standing behind her and nodding in
agreement.
Tanya wanted to
break free... get away... out of this mad house.... when the hand clamped over
her mouth was replaced by one holding a cloth that smelled sickeningly
sweet. Before she knew it, her mental protests, and all other thoughts,
descended into a pit of darkness that seemed
bottomless.........
Epilogue................
"Whoah, dude, these dolls are, like, totally real! I mean, wow, this one,
is, like, whoah, big boobies," a sandy haired man in his early 20's
exhorted as he ran his hands over the rubbery surface of the inflated doll he
knew simply as
Gina.
"Yeah, man,
we were lucky we won that online auction that Dream Dollies ran just the other
day. I just hope that my dad doesn't find out that I used the company
credit card to pay for both of them. Geez, this one has pretty nice blonde
hair for a blow up dollies," the other fellow murmured as he pushed in the
inflation plug on the back of the sex toy he was holding. Stroking the
long blonde strands of hair of the doll formerly known as Miranda, it was
obvious both of the young men were extremely turned on by the inflated
dolls.
Without another word spoken,
the two men picked up their newest acquisitions and headed to their respective
bedrooms for fun and pleasure for all
concerned.
................
The mid thirties man hopped a few final times on the pump he was stepping on
before releasing it and moved the inflated doll onto a nearby bed. After
doing that, Bill started to take his clothes off while glancing over at a nearby
box: stamped Cynthia on the top, he was very impressed by how much the doll
resembled the woman depicted on the
cover.
"Geez, if I had known this little beauty was going to be this damned good
looking, I would have bought all of these dollies when they were
auctioned. Of course, if Nicole was around a little more at nights instead
of flying off to some godforsaken place as an Air Force pilot, I wouldn't need
something to keep me company at nights, "Bill sad quietly as he climbed onto his
bed and began to stroke the doll's soft
exterior.
"NO!! I'm not some sextoy!!!..... I...
ohhhhh.... I'm a good dolly.... my owner wants to use me..... I hope I make him
happy......... mmmmmmm..........." Cynthia thought as she felt her
owner's tongue slowly enter her mouth and knew that her purpose for existing was
being
fulfilled.
...................
Police sirens wailed in the distance as a dark clad figure climbed through a
window and set foot inside a darkened apartment. After pulling the blind
down on the window, the man flicked on a nearby light switch and started dumping
out a burlap bag that had been slung over his
shoulder.
"Geez, the response time by the cops is getting quicker every week. Lenny,
my boy, maybe it's time you got out of the cat burglar business and into
something more legitimate like being a professional lobbyist for a big tobacco
company," the man said to himself as he started to examine the loot he had
acquired from his 'visit '. In addition to the usual amount of jewels,
coins and other trinkets that the burglar knew he could easily fence, Lenny had
also grabbed a rather expensive looking box containing a deflated love doll made
by Dream Dollies. 'Svetlana' was written in big red letters on the box and
it looked to have been a doll that was custom made for the buyer in
question.
Curious, Lenny took the doll out of the box and carefully inflated it
fully. Oblivious to Svetlana's mental pleas for her to be used, the mid
40's man ran his hands over the doll's firm breasts and shiny torso then
whistled softly out
loud.
"Well,
my darling, I think you'll fetch me a pretty penny with the boys but if they're
not interested, I'll find you a good home!" Lenny said as he laid on the
bed and turned the light out with visions of money dancing in his head. As
for the doll, it was disappointed... it needed to be
fucked....
.................
Thirty or so days
later............
"......thank everybody for coming today to take part in our tour. Before
we split everyone into their respective groups, we thought we'd show everyone
two of our newest dollies. They're prototypes so please be careful when
you handle them," Bonnie said to the seated women while Lucy opened up two
cardboard
boxes.
To the group of women seated on the left, they were handed the inflated doll
that used to be known as Iris. The women oohed and ahhed as they noted how
realistic the sex doll
was.
"Mmmmmm... this feels so good.... all these hands
touching and caressing me.... I hope one of these people takes home and uses me
like a good fuck toy......" Iris thought as the doll reveled in
having its body poked and
prodded.
For
the women on the right, the doll elicited similar notes of appreciation though
the doll's point of view was very different from the other transformed
women.
"YOU
BASTARDS!!.... CHANGE ME BACK!!!!.... OOOOHHHH!!.... YOU CAN'T KEEP ME LIKE THIS
FOREVER..... MMMMMM!!!!..... DAMN YOU!.... DAMN YOU
DOLLMAKERSSSSS!!!!!!!!" Tanya thought to herself as her rage
mixed with the sensations of pleasure she fought to overcome. When she was
deflated, she was left with her silent hope that she might someday be released
from her latex
prison.
If only
that was
true.............
THE END
