---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiesek/fromthefireintotherubberpan.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: From the Fire into the Rubberpan
authors:
- Sean Ingham
tags:
- Solo-F
- F+/f
- latex
- nightwear
- sheets
- tease
- fondle
- breasts
- toys
- les
- mast
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2014-10-11 00:00:00
---

1. The Wheelbarrow

The street lights in the evening fog blotched the avenue like
dancing
fantoms; in the awkward silence, the muffled echo of her heels
on the
sidewalk caused her to believe that she was followed. She would
not stop
nor turn no matter what; she hurried. She was terrified by a
presence,
lurking in the shadows that followed her every move. In the distance,
she then noticed a person walking toward her; he was just three
lights
ahead, about two hundred yards.

Uncertain about the gender yet,
she was
trying to guess the size. Just ahead, she suddenly noticed a
walking
alley through a front lawn. The dwelling was surrounded with
hedges, and
completely dark inside. In one second her mind was made up: she
would
hide, wait for the pedestrian to pass, and by that time she would
know
if she was really followed. Her petite size vanished out of sight; she
rounded the corner of the house and noticed the black profile
of a
wheelbarrow left there on the pathway of concrete slabs.

Quickly
she
turned it on its side and crouched behind it. She was shaking,
her
stomach in knots. The tension caused her to listen above her
pounding
heart to every sound that might confirm or reveal what she expected.
She
chanced a peek over the barrow's ledge, expecting the pedestrian
to pass
by. Nobody came. One minute, two minutes, nothing. Instinct told
her to
roll sideways behind a dense bush and to squat there. She could
hardly
hold her breath; she felt her heart drumming so loud that the
whole
block was going to wake up.

Suddenly, she perceived a shuffling
noise
coming down the walkway, but from the backyard. It did not sound
threatening, but the profile of the silhouette confirmed a six
foot or
so human being. She was squinting, trying to make for more details
when
she heard the wheelbarrow being kicked over, and the thump of
a body's
fall on the ground, followed by a very loud string of curse words.
Her
first impulse was to go and assist, but she did not make a move.

The man
was holding his leg; he was in accute pain. "D.., d...,
d... ! " over
and over. "What a stupid idea to leave this on a footpath! Ah, these
broads... all the same...".

She was twenty feet away from
that scene,
paralyzed with fear. She would have given anything for a black
tarp to
hide under. After a minute or so, the stranger stood up and limped
away,
turned left on the side walk and disappeared. "That was
one", she
thought. "Now the other."

For what seemed a long
time, she waited,
freezing on the damp ground, but then decided to take the chance
of
walking back to the street. Yet a voice of caution told her that
if the
pedestrian had been able to see her enter that property, he could
still
be close by waiting for her. She was getting so cold and afraid,
she
could not even cry. Every thought had become a tremendous effort
of
concentration. A pair of racoons tipped over the neighbour's
garbage
can. The racket gave her the answer she was waiting for. She
heard the
man run on the pavement, on the driveway toward the noise. Through
the
branches, she just made out the body of a stocky man; he was
standing,
facing her, about forty-five feet away. The tension was so intense
that
she closed her eyes unable to face the inevitable. He was not
the same
man. "G.d, make him go away ! "

Suddenly it dawned
on her that neither
of these men were looking for her, but for each other perhaps.
That
thought calmed her nerves somewhat, and helped her wait for the
next
turn of events. He was smoking a cigarette and did not appear
in any
kind of a hurry. Next, she realized that she could be in trouble,
trespassing, just like the other two... Out of nowhere, a minivan
pulled
in the driveway. As the doors opened and slammed shut, sounds
of
laughter, women's voices, four or five of them transformed a
scene
pregnant with horror into a party. They were all talking at the
same
time; no one listened to what the other had to say. They had
been
drinking by the sound of their merriment. She could just see
them
through the branches: five well proportioned women, in their
late
twenties or so, with something different about them, their clothes
seemed very shiny. A few seconds later they were inside the house.

Since
the light through the windows was now glowing through the yard,
she
could see the man's features. He was approaching the house, his
attention riveted to the front window. Two more yards and he
was going
to fall over the wheelbarrow, but in the other direction this
time. She
made herself very small so that he could not see her. The scraping
of
the metal on the concrete slabs of the walkway followed again
by the
thump of a falling body made her shrink with empathy for the
pain he
must have been feeling. Seconds later, the front door opened
and two
women with flash lights were combing the area. The man took off
through
the backyard like a jack rabbit. She noticed a wallet laying
on the
grass, six feet away from her. She decided that he could be a
voyeur, as
it sometimes happens when several girls share the rent of a house.
After
picking it up and stashing it inside her all-purpose bag, she
got on her
feet. She was so stiff that she almost fell down; but she was
determined to ring the doorbell and report what she had seen
and found.

2. The Wallet

Her heart was beating fast as she heard hurried steps responding
to the
ring of the bell. A quick glance through the lace curtain of
the side
window proved to her that these girls were no fools. At last
she heard
the latchet of the door being released; an attractive face was
looking
at her.

"What can I do for you?"

"May I
come in for a couple of
minutes?"

"Well, of course!"

The door
opened; she walked into a
small lobby and stood there waiting. "Come and sit down. Are you cold? Do you want some hot tea?" The sound of that offer
was impossible to
resist.

"I don't want to presume."

"Nonsense!"

The hostess went
to the kitchen and brought out a tray of large mugs, a full pot
of tea,
another one steaming with hot cocoa, and warm muffins.

"Forgive me to
say this, but you look like you have been run over by a car.
Can I help
you?"

The visitor was so cold that it took her half a
minute to catch
on to the fact that she had been asked a question. She felt embarrassed
and blushed a little. Then she looked at her clothes. Her jeans
were
muddy, so was her jacket. There was nowhere to hide. In the back
of the
house she could hear animated conversations between the other
women
living there. She attempted to collect her thoughts, opened her
bag,
pulled out the wallet, and opened it up. Her fingers were stiff,
frozen.
Every move of hers was clumsy.

On the coffee table she pulled
out a few
family photos, credit cards, some bills, some receipts, a couple
of
prescriptions, the usual stuff, and a driver's license. The mugshot
looked like the man she had seen. She then became aware that
her hostess
was observing her.

"Do you know this person?"
she asked handing over
the driver's license to her hostess who upon cursory examination
let out
a cry and blanched.

"Where did you get this? When did
you find it?"

"He was there, when you pulled in. He walked across the
yard looking to
that window, but stumbled on the wheelbarrow and fell. His wallet
slipped out of his pocket, and when you came out, he ran away."

"What were you doing in the yard, yourself?"

She knew that her
story would be
hard to believe, but she decided to tell only the truth. Her
hostess
seemed convinced. "Follow me!" she said.

Both
women went into a small
office where a computer was humming on a desk. There was a cassette
tape
recorder. A fresh cassette was introduced and the hostess recorded
an
introduction. Following this, she began to ask questions to her
visitor.
In the course of the recording, she made a description of the
wallet.
When all of this was completed, she smiled and explained. "What you
have brought here is the main piece of evidence in my harrassment
case
against my former law firm. You cannot understand my gratefulness
to
you. Now, let's have some tea or cocoa, and get acquainted.
My name is
Laura Feldberg."

"Isabella Martinez. Delighted."

The two women joined
the rest of the company who was devouring the snacks. Laura introduced
Isabella to Francine, Joy, Cindy, and Suzie. Only then did Isabella
notice that these four women were dressed in nightgowns, jellibas,
or
leisure clothes made of that same kind of shiny material. She
noticed a
sweet scent besides normal female frangrance, something with
a little
prick in it. For the moment she did not let her curiosity appear.
Laura
informed the group of what Isabella had found, summarizing the
events.
They were awed and asked all kinds of questions to Isabella.
Suddenly
the rain began to fall, and the wind shook the trees with tremendous
force. Without warning the lights went off.

"That's
the gale they
predicted. Let me get the candles!" said someone.

"No!" ordered
Laura. "Let me observe the garden for a while, because
I can see
without being seen."

"Yes, let's!"
everyone chorused lining up at
the windows overlooking the surroundings. A few minutes later
they
watched him trace his path through the yard, and with a very
small
flashlight search the area where he had fallen and run away from.
He
came back a second time. Finally, Joy was so sick of it that
she slipped
into the garden with a flash camera, and surprised him with at
least six
snap shots in a row. He hesitated, not knowing if he should attack
her
and take the camera away, or run. He opted for the second solution.
"Dirty voyeur! Buy magazines instead!" shouted Joy after
him.

She came
back in, her pearly pink gown all wet and shiny in the light
of the
candles. Isabella noticed the droplets of rain water streaming
down all
around. Laura hugged Joy with excitement. "Thank you,
Joy, thank you!
You are so courageous! I could never do that." Suddenly
the power came
back.. " Switch off the lights, Francine. We prefer the
candles."

Suzie
lit the wood in the stoked fire place. The flames quickly wrapped
around
the logs, and the homey smell of dry pine filled the room. "Where do
you live, Isabella?" inquired Laura.

"I was going
to the bus stop on
Jackson Avenue. I have about twenty minutes on the bus and five
minutes
walk to my room on 66th. Wow! as a matter of fact, my last bus
leaves
in ten minutes, I have to say good bye."

"Now wait,
the weather is
awful, and I don't know where is that jerk. Would you accept
sleeping
here, since it is Friday?" offered Laura.

"Are
you sure?" asked
Isabella shily.

"Absolutely!" chorused all the
others.

"Then it's
yes. But I have nothing with me."

"Oh, we can take
care of that!"
they chorused.

3. Home

While the late night snack was developping into a slumber
party,
Isabella 's attention was drawn again to the strange material
of the
leisure clothes they were all wearing. Suzie noticed it - with
pleasure.
"Isabella, come with me." She led her to the bathroom
where she
supplied her with towels. "That' for your bath
or shower; throw all
your clothes in the washer and turn it on. Here is the soap.
I will
bring you some night clothes in a couple of minutes."

Isabella did as
she was told, She was happy to feel the hot water bring her body
back to
normal temperature. There were sponges to scrub with, and she
used them
until her skin was smooth and prickly. When she pulled open the
shower
curtain to grab a towel, she saw, on a red hanger, the most beautiful
nightgown in light blue shiny material with a white collar, a
very
delicate and feminine creation. There were also a pair of bloomer
panties in the same color material. A large box of baby powder
was
standing on the chair. Isabella used it all over her skin. Then
she
slipped on the panties; she was surprised to see that the crotch
was
opened. They felt good, however, very soft and light.

The nightgown
slipped on easily. She began to notice the strange and cool caress
of
that garment all over her body. It was quite sexy, she decided,
blushing
a little. In the mirror, she looked as good as she felt. Her
hair
wrapped in the towel, she clicked on the washer, and tip toed
back to
the living room. The cooler temperature in the house immediately
enhanced the sexy feeling of the gown; she could not imagine
what was
going on, but her body was tingling all over.

"Excuse
me, but what is
this made of?" she whispered to Suzie.

With a big smile,
Suzie turned
to her and hugged her. Isabella almost went into shock. She could
feel
Suzie's body, her hardened nipples, just the beginning of her
body heat,
but it was more than that, she did not know what, but it was
heady, like
a strong wine. It was different, Isabella felt naked, though
she was
dressed. She still felt Suzie's body as if she had had nothing
on; but
both of them were dressed. It did not make sense. That gown felt
like a
second skin, it was intimate and yet independent. "I'm
going crazy,
what is it made of?" she whispered again.

"Are
you comfortable?"

"Yes, yes, very much so; it's more than comfortable. Where
did you buy
such a thing?"

"Do you enjoy it?" Isabella
blushed; she knew, they
were enjoying theirs also.

"Yes, it is... different, ...
strange. I
have never worn anything like that."

"Come here,
lay on the sofa and
relax; here is a muffin!"

Isabella could not resist.
She was led by
the hand to the large sofa, and she sank into the pillows. Suzie
sat
down on the floor in front of the sofa. She took Isabella's hand
in
hers, looked deep into her eyes. "I am so glad you are
staying here
with us... and that you enjoy wearing this gown."

Isabella
could not
figure out what the second remark had to do with the first. Anyway,
she
let herself relax. Laura came with a small glass of Port wine
for her. "Take this, you will feel even better after all this cold weather."

In
no time she was so relaxed that she felt silly. Suzie was gently
caressing her arm, sliding the loose sleeve back and forth over
it.
Isabella could feel all kinds of electricity going through her
body. It
was confusing, overwhelming. A second glass of wine sent her
into "lala
land". Nothing mattered any more. Suzie was now carressing
her breasts,
very lightly, and it felt so good; she had never felt anything
as
wonderful. She knew that under normal circumstances she would
not have
allowed anyone to do that, but it felt so good that it felt right
at
that moment. She could hear the noise of gentle conversation,
the music
of a rumba dance, slow and steady.

Now hands were caressing her
belly
and others her thighs; she was sinking fast, all her defenses
smashed;
she wanted to cry, in fact she did. Suzie took her head in her
arms and
pressed her face against her well developed soft breasts. The
smell of
Suzie and of her strange nightgown was a turn on for Isabella.
Never had
she felt so loved, so secure; she abandonned herself like a
baby. She
did not resist, on the contrary, she pressed her face between
Suzie's
breasts, opened her mouth and licked them through the material.
The
taste was a little bitter sweet, she could not define it, but
she loved
it. More hands were caressing everywhere. Soon she felt carried
by many
arms. She was placed on a large bed, shoved to the middle of
it.

Suzie
laid next to her on her right, and Cindy on her left. Isabella
did not
notice the sheet she was laying on, but when the top sheet with
the
feather cover came over her, she knew it was made of the same
material
as her gown, yet a little heavier. At first it felt a little
cold in
that bed, and the three girls hugged each other very very close.
Suzie
and Cindy soon began to caress Isabella's body. She felt so good
that
she thought she was flying way up in the sky, higher, higher...
One of
the hands began to explore between her legs. Isabella had no
strength to
move, no will to resist, she let her do. Suzie kissed her cheek
and
murmured sweet words. Isabella did not understand them, but her
attention was focused on the very light and gentle fingering
in her
sweet spot.

Soon the string of the kite was cut off, and she
was flying
free, but the hand was still carrying on. Isabella felt sweet
little
cramps, or contractions in her low belly. They came in series
of six or
seven. After a while, they grew stronger. All of a sudden a hard
contraction made her bend her knees, then a sunami bent her in
half. The
hand worked harder. Isabella instinctively pushed her crotch
against
these elusive fingers that were causing such incredible sensations.
Her
belly wanted to explode, contractions came on like waves on top
of each
other. Isabella's energy was draining out, yet they were coming
and
coming regardless. She was afraid, but did not want it stopped.
"More...more... more... " She kept on saying.

She wanted
to cry again but
could not because she was afraid it would stop. The contractions
went
deeper and faster. Now fingers were insde her vagina, others
rubbed her
clitoris, other hands were caressing her breasts, her belly.
They were
everywhere. It was all caving in on top of her and she exploded
out of
control. She was pushing the hands away, but she wanted them; she
wanted the fight, the pressure, and got it and much more. Her
moans were
beastlike, she let it all hang out. The hands kept coming. Now
she
reached a high plane of detachment; her body was so energized
that she
could not control anything, she felt like fainting; in fact
she did,
but when she came to, one finger was still working her clitoris
very
lightly; it was the sweetest torture. It soon would send her
back into
a half conscious world.

How long did it last? she could not
tell, but
it must have been hours. When she came to, she was squeezed between
her
two companions, her head between their breasts. She felt so secure,
so
loved that she could have stayed there all her life. But she
'had to go'; it was urgent. "Suzie, where is the bathroom?"

"I thought you
would never ask, baby." Both women got up and led her
to the bathroom.
"Have you seen something like that?" Suzie was
showing Isabella a
soft vaginal massager.

"May be, I can't recall."

"Well let me show
you. Come back to bed." With infinite care, Suzie powdered
Isabella's
body once more to make her comfortable in the gown. Then she
lubricated
the toy and gently pushed it into Isabella's sweet hole. Cindy
was
carressing Isabella's breasts and belly during that operation
so that
the girl would keep completely relaxed. Ignoring the cold, Isabella
felt
the instrument fill her, posess her, focus her. A moment later,
Suzie
turned it on. Quickly Isabella's contractions returned, but much
stronger this time. Yet, when she was close to climax, Suzie
turned it
off. She wanted to build Isabella's libido again.

After a few
cycles,
she took out the tool, and started fingering her again. Isabella
climaxed for a long long time, bouncing from one star to another,
mutating into fireworks of brilliant colors. She felt untold
joys while
bursting, and deep security when contracting. Her sex was expanding
further and further until she became all sex and only sex, lived
for one
reason: expanding its outreach and satisfying its voracious
appetite,
not unlike a cosmic pump drawing everything to itself before
sending it
back out with a big bang into the universe.

At last she fell
asleep from
exhaustion, fragile, but fulfilled. It was daylight when they
woke up.
Laura was bringing hot coffee and donuts on a tray. "I
don"t want to
come out of there... never... never... I never knew it could
be so
beautiful ." Isabella was moaning over and over. She was
so frail that
she took refuge between Suzie's tender breasts. She would
lick her
nipples through the material. The smell of the latex with Suzie's,
the
taste, the softness of the material made her all the more helpless.
Suzie was loving every minute of it, of course. "Suzie,
tell me, what
is my gown made of, and this bed?"

"Does it really
matter?" she
whispered.

"Yes... because I have found my home, and
I can't ever
leave it." She began to cry tears of joy. "Thank
you, thank you....
thank you... "

Cindy's hand reached over, gently squeezed
her breast,
and caressed her stomach, lower, and deeper. Isabella's sex cravings
resurged like a geyser, she was completely unglued. No, it would
never
stop... "Welcome home, baby, we love you, we want you
home, always!"
Suzie's hand pressed Isabella's head deeper into her latex covered
tender bosom.

4. What is it made of ?

But for Suzie, the other women had met in the kitchen to see
if they
could hire Isabella as a housekeeper. Joy was making the list
of her
duties which were not too many. They felt that Isabella was one
of the
best candidates to train into the complete addiction to their
special
kind of clothing. They had a difficult time keeping to the subject
so
many ideas were being suggested. As a lawyer, Laura had the best
mind to
bring everyone to agree, and she laid out a plan in phases in
which
everyone would have a primary part and a secondary one.

The first
stage
was to attach Isabella to the group, and, as long as she was
happy in
bed, they would let her, taking turns eventually, so that Suzie
could
have some time off. Each of the women worked out a plan for their
part
in loving Isabella, assuming she would cooperate. It was slow
but
sensual, gentle but persuasive, bold but secure. They knew how
they
would keep her in a state of constant confusion and arousal,
yet without
guilt feelings. They knew what they were doing. "As a
rule, everyone
here will dress sensual. Although it may feel a little excessive,
we
want to see how Isabella adjusts. Don't
forget, she has not yet
accepted to live here. May be she will want to go to her home.
"

It was
decided that Laura would present the idea to her. By late afternoon,
Isabella was so exhausted, that anything was becoming counter
productive. After a long shower, she came out of the bathroom
in the
blue nightgown. "Sorry, I need my clothes."

"How could I have
forgotten, they must still be in the dryer" replied Suzie.

"You forgot
to turn it on, Suzie." echoed Joy. "Well, come
with me, Isabella, I
will lend you some clothes."

The two women went to the
bedroom. Over
the years they had collected some petite size clothes for such
occurences. Suzie pulled out a pair of black rubber skin tight
jeans, a
pink tank top and a cute white jacket with snap buttons, trimmed
with
black material. After powdering Isabella, the pants were slipped
on and
stretched so tight one could see the lips of her sex parted by
the
crotch seam. The tank top was of nude color that one could have
thought
Isabella had nothing on. Her nipples were aroused by the constant
friction between the tank top and the jacket. She looked real
cute and
sexy with a pair of short red patent boots as the finishing touch.

"Isabella, I have to go shopping. Will you come with me?"
asked Laura.
"Dressed like that, is that okay?"

Isabella blushed,
wanting but not
daring. Laurie was already wrapped in her macintosh rain coat.
"This
looks great to me.. Cindy, do we have a rain coat for Isabella?" In no
time she was snapped and tightly belted in a long black shiny
macintosh
coat, even more glossy than Laura's.

"You look smashing,
as they say;
you'll never see more guys after you." The two girls
left in the van.

Isabella was no match to Laura's skills in persuasion. They went
to her
room for a first load of essentials. Then they went shopping
in the
mall. Laura parked the car really far from the entrance door,
and by the
time they went in, their coats were dripping wet. They were a
sensation.
Isabella felt naked, yet she enjoyed being the center of attention.
Around coffee, her mac thrown on the back of a chair, Isabella
looked
preoccupied, and asked, "Laura, tell me, what are these
clothes made of
?"

"How do you feel in them?"

"Dangerously
vulnerable."

"What if
I told you that you are addicted to them for life?"

"Even if I were
not, I would like to be. Tell me."

The walk in the tight
jeans had
aroused her, and she did not know how to stop it; her nipples
felt hot
and lusty. She knew that she was again sinking into an orgasm,
maybe
more. Laura's sustained gaze into her eyes gave her shivers of
delight;
she noticed how Laura's eyes slowly went down to her chest, then
to her
already arching belly. Everywhere Laura looked, Isabella felt
aroused;
the feeling was frightening. Laura looked at Isabella's thighs.
Normally
she would have crossed her legs, or pulled down the hem of her
skirt.
But she slowly parted her knees while Laura's gaze was sweeping
the
insde of her sheathed legs up her crotch.

Just at that time she
felt her
vaginal fluid ooze out into the latex jeans. She knew Laura knew.
Isabella was no more herself, she was about to shake with fear
when
Laura straightened up. It had lasted barely a minute, but it
felt like
an eternity. Their eyes met; Laura smiled with kindness; she
took her
time sipping her coffee. "Isabella, we all are addicted
to these
clothes. You just started on that path. You can leave us, and
stop at any time you choose." She paused for maximum effect, then
continued. "If
in addition to your responsibilities I would prescribe the way
you need
to be dressed, would that be something you could accept?"

Isabella
considered the question. "If this means clothes in this
material, the
answer is yes, yes, yes. Any time, anywhere."

"That's a big commitment; I am proud of you."

"But there is one condition
to this; you must
tell me what they are made of."

Laura looked away; she
was buying time
obviously. It was as if she hadn't heard anything. She pulled
out her
wallet, left the money in the saucer plus a tip. Isabella realized
that
she was dealing with girls who would lead her to realms she could
not
possibly dream of. "Let's go home, shall we?"
said Laura matter of
factly. They had agreed that Laura upon their return would honk
the horn
if Isabella had accepted the deal. The girls would then congratulate
her, have a drink or two, and prepare her for her FIRST day of
initiation (out of forteen) to become part of their community.
That
first day was going to last until Sunday night, for sure, probably
longer.

"Laura, tell me, would my clothes be made of ...
rubber?"

Her
eyes were glazed. Peep ! peep ! peep !...
