---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tight
authors:
- Hazard
tags:
- Sbf
- latex
- catsuit
- constriction
- tight
- rope
- bedtied
- spreadeagle
- vibrator
- buttplug
- insert
- stuck
- torment
- faint
- continuous
- climax
- F-f
- release
- cons
- X
---

Corey shivered as she watched the clock edge its
way slowly to 8:00. The second hand seemed to move slower as if gravity
was dragging it back. "Finally," she said to herself as it clicked
over the minute hand that was already covering the 12. She stood
up and stepped out of the cold bath, her body covered in goose pimples.
Quickly towelling herself off, she walked quickly to the kitchen, removed
a large plastic bag from the freezer and took it into her bedroom. Arriving
there, she flipped the button on her video camera and made sure the red
light was on. She wanted to make sure she caught this evening on
film.

Opening the freezer bag, Corey removed a bright
blue latex suit and hood. After covering her still cold body with
talcum powder, she quickly worked her legs into the suit, sliding its chilled
smoothness over her icy skin. She rubbed baby oil into her orifices
and then eased the two internal dildoes into them. Pulling the suit
up over her hips, Corey pushed her hands into the gloved sleeves and shimmied
until her breasts and then her shoulders were covered. Reaching behind
her with her gloved hand, she found the string and, hoisting it over her
shoulder, used it to pull the zip all the way up to her neck. She
felt the pressure build on her ample breasts as the suit hugged her.

She picked up the hood from the bed. Twisting
her hair into a ponytail, she slipped it through the hole in the top of
the hood and pulled the cold, smooth latex down over her face and head.
Corey adjusted the hood until she could see through the tiny eye holes
and then worked the nostril tubes into her nose, making sure she could
breathe through them. As she pulled the hood down over her chin,
she was immediately unable to move her mouth. The bottom of the hood
pressed tight to her neck, coming down over the top of the suit where it
attached firmly with velcro. She was completely encased in electric
blue latex.

Corey stepped over in front of the mirror and
admired herself. She had a very well-shaped body and the tight latex
accentuated every curve. The feel of the slick latex, the sight of
the beautiful woman in the mirror, the gentle pressure of the dildoes,
and the excitement of what was to come caused a rushed excitement that
ran through her body. Although she was still cold, Corey could feel that
her body was slowly warming up and with it the suit. Tearing herself
away from the mirror, she slid her latex-covered legs into white thigh-length
boots and laced them up as tight as she could. It was hard to contain
herself as her hands caressed her legs and moved of their own accord to
her pussy.

"Can't stop now," she thought, "time is running
out."

Climbing onto the bed, Corey slipped her booted
feet into the waiting loops and pulled on the ropes that lay across the
bed. As she pulled, her feet were drawn towards the corners of the
bed. She pulled harder until she couldn't move her legs at all and
the slipknots tightened. Laying back, she placed another loop around
her neck and again pulled it tight. Picking up a blindfold, she slipped
it over her eyes and fastened it tightly behind her head. The blindfold's
sides fitted tightly against the latex letting no light through.

"Now for the final step," Corey thought, "no turning
back."

Reaching out to the sides of the bed, she found the wrist
loops. She worked them over her hands and then pulled them tight.
With the knots on the outside of her wrists there was no way to untie them.
The other ropes were now out of reach, not that reaching them would have
helped as they were pulled tight. She was trapped.

Her heart was already pounding in her chest when
the warmth of her body activated the dildo in her pussy. She heard
herself groan with pleasure although almost no sound escaped her tight
hood. This dildo didn't vibrate like others she had tried.
It seemed to slowly thrust and throb inside her almost like a real penis.
She felt herself building towards a climax but she fought it, letting it
build and build. A minute later, the other dildo started to vibrate gently,
shredding her control. Corey felt herself explode into a fierce orgasm.
As the waves passed, she lay still, her breasts heaving as she struggled
to get enough air through the tiny vents in her nose.

"Oh, God,"
she thought. "What have I gotten myself into?"

The dildoes were unrelenting, keeping her excitement
up, and Corey felt herself building again. Then she started to feel
the pressure. As her body temperature increased, so did that of the
suit and it began to shrink, tightening its grip on her body. Corey
revelled in the tightness, every nerve in her body tingling and sending
waves of pleasure from her toes and fingers to her brain. The dildo
in her pussy throbbed rhythmically and she found herself rocking in time
with it, arching her back and pushing her ass into the bed as she struggled
to ride it out. The second orgasm was better than the first but the steadily
constricting latex around her belly and chest made it harder to get her
breath back. For a minute, Corey thought she would black out, but
eventually her breathing calmed and she lay almost still, though she couldn't
stop the rocking entirely.

The suit continued to tighten and soon Corey found
she couldn't move her fingers at all. Her body was stiff as the ever-increasing
pressure held her in its firm embrace. Before she had really recovered
from the last climax, she felt herself rising again. By this time,
she could hardly move her hips and the dildo did most of the work.
Sensory overload and lack of air actually made her faint this time and
she came to a few minutes later to find she could not move at all.
The suit was so tight that she was completely stiff. Her breath was
coming in short gasps as she struggled to fill her lungs.

Now Corey was scared. She had dreamed of
the tightness but hadn't realized it would make it so hard to breathe.
She tried to relax and conserve air but the relentless dildoes had already
started working again. Corey tried to cry out but it was clear that the
muffled sounds that escaped the suit would not be heard outside the room.
Not that there was anyone outside the room. She had made sure of
that. She would be here until morning. Until Lilly came to
release her.

Corey began to wonder if the suit had reached
its limit. Whether it would go on tightening until she couldn't breathe
at all. Surprisingly, she found the thought of dying like this very
exciting and instead of reducing her passion, she found herself letting
the dildoes carry her off again. Struggling for enough breath to
stay conscious, Corey found herself drowning in the constant throbbing,
felt her body revel in its excitation, felt the pressure building from
within and without, felt the explosion tear her soul to shreds as she blacked
out again.

Corey had no way of judging the time. She
had already lost track of how may times she had come. She was starting
to get confused about everything - why she was here, even who she was.
It was harder and harder to think about anything but the pressure, the
pain, the struggle, the ecstasy.

Over and over through the endless night the cycle
repeated itself. Awakening to her thumping heart and gasping lungs.
Fear of dying. Lust for yet another climax. Eternal throbbing.
Eternal pressure. Her body constantly getting hotter, forcing the
latex tighter around her. The slow building fire in her loins.
The wild confusion in her mind. Struggling helplessly to escape,
even to move. The burning in her lungs as her body demanded more
oxygen to meet the needs of the inevitable orgasm followed by the equally
inevitable blackout.

Corey didn't notice when Lilly gently untied her
bonds - her suit was so tight that she couldn't move anyway. She
couldn't hear Lilly's caring words of encouragement and concern over the
deafening sound of blood rushing through her ears and air gasping through
her nostrils.

Her first indication that the ordeal was over
was when Lilly removed the blindfold and looked down into Corey's deep
blue eyes. Lilly took out her penknife and carefully slipped it under
the base of the hood, slicing up the side of the face. She pulled
the ruined hood up over Corey's ponytail and kissed her gently on the forehead.
Painfully, Corey opened her aching jaw and tried to take a deep breath
but she was still far too constricted by the suit. Lilly used her
knife again to slice down the front, sliding her knife between Corey's
breasts, freeing her lungs at last. As Corey took deep breaths, Lilly
continued to slice the suit, eventually freeing Corey's arms and legs.
Then she gently pulled the dildoes out, eliciting a moan from Corey.

Lilly then took Corey's limp body in her arms
and hugged her close, waiting as her breathing eased. She had been
concerned about this one but Corey had insisted. The two stayed motionless
for a while, Lilly cradling her lover and Corey struggling exhaustedly
to return from her dark journey.

After several minutes, Corey turned
her face up to Lilly's and, with a slight smile, said "can I do it again
tonight?"

9/6/2000
