---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Turnaround
authors:
- Jezziebelle
tags:
- F-m
- F-f
- M-f
- Sbf
- bdsm
- bond
- hood
- crop
- leather
- catsuit
- gag
- rope
- susp
- toys
- switch
- oral
- mast
- cons-reluct
- X
---

Entry from the S(A)X Leather Bondage Story competition 2005

Beth had left the man bound and
hooded, feeding him air through a narrow tube, for half an hour now. Glancing
at the clock, she saw his session had overrun by five minutes, and expertly
began to release him.

The strange thing about this client
was he never wanted to climax during their sessions. As a result, Beth always
felt a little disconcerted by the end. She tried to hide it, of course ‚Äì it
wouldn‚Äôt do for one of the most popular dominatrices in the club she worked
for to be seen to be uncertain. But there it was again: as he stood up, rubbed
his wrists and reached for his clothes, there was a moment of connection
between them when he caught her eye and seemed to reach her soul.

‚ÄòSame time next week?‚Äô said Beth,
tidying up her equipment, shaking off the strange sensation.

‚ÄòLook forward to it,‚Äô he replied,
and took his leave.

Beth had been working at the club for
a couple of years before she met him ‚Äì Joe. She‚Äôd never thought she could
ever make her living doing this kind of thing, but that was before the very
forward-thinking proprietor of the club had hired her for more than she was
making as a trainee solicitor. She hadn‚Äôt looked back since. She‚Äôd
acquired a devoted following of clients, both male and female, and a write-up
in several magazines ‚Äì even a glossy Sunday supplement. She was famous for,
and particularly proud of, her ropework, which she could use to suspend the
most well-built men from the ceiling without harming them. Thankfully, her
boss allowed her to exercise a certain discrimination when it came to choosing
her clients, and with people queuing up for her services, she‚Äôd been able to
select only those she really wanted to work with ‚Äì not the fat, sweaty
businessmen in town for a conference, and not the women with self-esteem
problems (those she referred to a psychiatrist).

Joe, when he‚Äôd walked into the club,
had been exactly her kind of client. Tall, dark and handsome with a healthy
wallet and brainpower to match. At the new client interview (no one was ever
taken on without an interview ‚Äì this was an up-market establishment), he‚Äôd
proved he was witty, relatively sane, and altogether Beth‚Äôs idea of an ideal
man. When he said he was looking for a dominatrix, she‚Äôd signed him up on
the spot.

But, after six months of regular
sessions, Beth really didn‚Äôt think she‚Äôd got to grips with him at all. It
infuriated her that she couldn‚Äôt find the switches to flip him over into
true submission, and it disconcerted her that he always looked as if he knew
what she was thinking.

After Joe left each week, Beth had
taken to booking sessions with a sweet young woman called Mary whose reactions
Beth could play like a fiddle. It gave a little boost to her professional
pride. This week, as Mary squirmed on the floor, wrapped up in duct tape with
a large enema bag emptying into her, Beth reckoned Mary had Joe to thank for
getting such an energetic session out of her each week.

As promised, Joe returned the week
after and greeted Beth casually. All of her other clients spoke nervously, or
at least stood respectfully with their heads bowed. Joe slung his coat over a
chair, gave her a cheery hello, and waited expectantly.

Suddenly angry, Beth determined that
he was not going to enjoy this session. If he wasn‚Äôt here to have his limits
pushed, then he could stop wasting her time.

She always wore her full leather
catsuit whenever Joe was coming, together with her most pointy stiletto boots.
It gave her a sense of protection. Today, she also donned a pair of gloves and
a half mask that she'd recently bought from a visit to **Sax Leather**,
that covered the
top of her face. Hair flowing, she picked up her whip and ordered him to
strip.

He took off his clothes quickly, but
before he could turn and look at her with that nonchalant expression again,
Beth snapped a pair of handcuffs round his wrists, locking his arms behind
him. She swiftly attached a rope to the chain between the cuffs, one that ran
up to a pulley system on the ceiling, and pulled so that he had to bend over
at 90 degrees, his arms pulled up painfully behind him. He brought his legs
together to ease the pressure on his arms, and Beth secured them in place with
a stiff leather strap.

He grunted, and Beth had the
satisfaction of seeing him less than comfortable ‚Äì she hoped mentally as
well as physically. Feeling sadistic, she pushed a metal spreader gag between
his teeth and opened it to its fullest extent. She swung two heavy clamps from
his nipples, worked a fat butt plug into him with little mercy, and then
snapped a tight rubber ring round the base of his erect cock, making it throb
painfully. It wasn‚Äôt an elegant or subtle arrangement, but she‚Äôd had
enough of trying to be elegant or subtle. He had it coming.

She pulled up a chair, sat down, and
crossed her legs. Turning his head, he could see her pick up the newspaper,
open it to the cryptic crossword, and began.

After ten minutes, she deigned to
explain. ‚ÄòAs you don‚Äôt seem capable of the proper respect for me, or value
my work, I don‚Äôt think I can be bothered with you. You can stay there till
your time is up.‚Äô

As the minutes ticked on, Beth waited
for signs of distress. If she could break him, she‚Äôd release him and give
him a little pleasurable teasing. He was, after all, paying for this. But
no‚Ä¶ he wasn‚Äôt struggling, or shouting to be released. Nor was he hanging
loosely in defeat. He just stood there.

Angry with him and herself, Beth
released him five minutes before the end of the session.

‚ÄòWhy do you come here?‚Äô she found
herself asking, as he dressed and she sat on her chair, swinging her foot.

He gave her a cryptic smile. ‚ÄòYou
really want to know?‚Äô he replied.

‚ÄòYes, I do. I mean, you don‚Äôt seem
to get anything out of it. You‚Äôre making me look bad.‚Äô Beth removed her
mask and looked him in the eye. She‚Äôd never talked so openly to a client
before.

He shrugged. ‚ÄòOK, I‚Äôll tell you,
but I doubt you‚Äôll understand. I come here because understanding girlfriends
are few and far between, but paying a woman to submit to you is entirely
pointless. See you next week.‚Äô And he left.

What was that supposed to mean?
Confused, Beth sat silently for several minutes, trying to figure it out, but
didn‚Äôt get very far. He was clearly going to keep coming to see her, toying
with her professional pride. She supposed she‚Äôd have to let him go, or he
would torment her forever.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

The next week, Beth made a fatal
mistake. She hesitated.

She really didn‚Äôt know what to do
with Joe. Everything she tried didn‚Äôt work. She longed to see him kneel
before her and worship her, but the longer he held out, the more her
confidence was draining away ‚Äì and into him.

She‚Äôd dressed as usual in her
leather catsuit, which zipped up the front. She‚Äôd let her dark hair flow
loose, but left off the mask. In the minimalist, bright room where she plied
her trade, she reached for Joe‚Äôs wrist to cuff it and hesitated for a
fraction of a second.

Joe caught her eye and moved his hand,
capturing hers. He held her gently, but the power shift was enormous. How dare
a client of hers have the temerity to touch her? But Beth didn‚Äôt react. She
froze. Slowly, he took the handcuffs from her grasp, and moved away.

Trembling inside, Beth stood still and
glared as she felt the sands of power shifting beneath her. ‚ÄòWhat the hell
do you think you‚Äôre doing?‚Äô she half whispered, half shouted. Standing a
few feet away from her, Joe ran the metal bracelets through his fingers.

‚ÄòAn experiment,‚Äô he replied,
keeping calmly amused eyes on hers. In two strides, he was beside her, but she
held her ground.

‚ÄòPut those down,‚Äô she ordered, but
she knew she‚Äôd lost him. A chill settled in her stomach.

She could leave any time. The door was
easily reachable. There was also a panic button just feet away from her. But
she didn‚Äôt move as he locked the first cuff round her left wrist. She
watched dumbly, as if seeing the action from afar, and shivered. The cold
metal seared her skin and her psyche.

Standing in front of her, so close she
could smell him, he reached his arms behind her back and brought her own arms
together, locking her right wrist into the second cuff. These were her own
handcuffs, designed to withstand any attempts at escape. The only key hung on
a hook on the far side of the room.

Swallowing hard, Beth raised her eyes
and looked up at his face. Even in heels, she stood several inches shorter
than him. He had an unreadable expression on his face ‚Äìthe kind of
expression she‚Äôd always tried to cultivate.

‚ÄòWhat does it feel like?‚Äô he
whispered, his breath brushing her face. Silently, Beth tested the cuffs and
found herself, for only the second time in her life, securely chained.

‚ÄòLet me go,‚Äô she murmured.

Joe slowly shook his head, then bent
down and kissed her.

Beth didn‚Äôt react ‚Äì didn‚Äôt
respond, didn‚Äôt pull away. He kissed her motionless lips for several
seconds, then raised his head again.

Beth couldn‚Äôt take his gaze any
more. Head swimming from the kiss, she did what she had never done in her
life: she looked away. Lowering her head, she murmured again, ‚ÄòLet me go.‚Äô
Her voice had a low insistence, but one that Joe overrode.

In her line of vision she could see
Joe‚Äôs hand move to her chest. With one finger in the zip of her catsuit, he
lowered the zip tooth by tooth till her breasts were exposed, continuing till
it passed her navel and ended right between her legs.

Heart racing, Beth gasped and even
felt dizzy as he tore away her defences, metal tooth by metal tooth. She saw
her pale skin exposed inch by inch, her breasts swelling naked from the
confines of the suit, nipples engorged; her waist; her navel; the tip of the
dark patch of trimmed hair between her legs. Hands bunched into fists, wrists
straining against the cuffs that held her, she could only watch.

Joe kissed her again, and this time
she gave a slight moan, responding infinitesimally, unconsciously. As he
kissed her, he slipped a finger into her catsuit and found her clitoris which,
she discovered, was fat and soaking wet. Circling it oh so gently, softly
kissing her lips, in a couple of minutes Joe brought Beth to a quick, urgent
orgasm. Crying out quietly into the kiss, Beth leaned into him as she came.

He‚Äôd unlocked the cuffs before she
realised it, and was half way towards the door before she‚Äôd zipped up the
catsuit and turned to him.

‚ÄòSame time next week?‚Äô he said,
and waved goodbye.

Beth sat down heavily on the floor,
and put her head in her hands.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Beth‚Äôs boss, Jack, had only one
rule. It was that all his staff had to experience what it was like to be on
the receiving end, at least once, before he let them loose on the clients.

When she‚Äôd first joined, she‚Äôd
sneered at this strange piece of psychology, and went confidently into the
playroom with Jack to be bound for the first time in her life. She didn‚Äôt
think there was any point to it.

What a lot she‚Äôd learned.

Jack had first stripped her of her
smart clothes, and dressed her in a purple sequinned bra and knicker set that
had seen better days. Then he‚Äôd painted her face in gaudy colours, pushed
her feet into stilettos, and led her by the hand into a second room. As
she‚Äôd caught sight of herself in the mirror, her self-image came crashing
down, and she followed him slightly more nervously than before.

He‚Äôd made her play at being a seedy
sex club hostess, one that probably earned no more than a few Eastern European
units of currency a week. In her shabby finery, she was made to serve him
drinks, while he groped her freely. Anger swelled up inside her, but she bit
her tongue as she knew she had to get through this test to be employed by him
as a dominatrix.

Then he bound her hands behind her,
and tied her ankles together as well. She flinched at the unknown sensation of
the knots tightening, feeling as if she was teetering on the brink of a
precipice. He pushed her to her knees and she fell vertiginously down,
struggling without much effort as he very loosely hogtied her, a long length
of rope between her wrists and ankles enabling her to kneel upright. Then he
presented his cock to her mouth.

If she‚Äôd had the use of her hands,
she would have walked out then and there. But the sensation of being bound for
the first time, combined with the imaginative trip he‚Äôd taken her on, mixed
potently in her mind and in a haze, she‚Äôd complied. Feeling his cock at the
back of her throat made her feel good. When he pulled away before she could
finish him off, she‚Äôd felt desolate.

He bent her over till she was curled
up over her knees, head down, and placed a drink on her back. Then, drawing up
a chair next to her, he read the paper as he casually slid his finger in and
out of her pussy from behind, pushing aside the gaudy purple thong. Before
long, she was humming with preorgasmic fire, her mind somewhere deep in his
world.

Of course, he stopped before she could
come, and as he moved to leave Beth rolled over onto her side, still caught in
her loose hogtie and unable to sit upright.

She didn‚Äôt recognise the words as
hers, but she knew they came from deep within her.

‚ÄòDon‚Äôt leave,‚Äô she cried out
plaintively, and she knew at that moment he‚Äôd hooked her.

Jack paused in his journey to the
door, and turned around.

‚ÄòYou‚Äôre hired,‚Äô he said with a
grin, then got down on the floor beside her and fucked her till she could come
no more.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

The next time Joe walked into her
playroom, Beth was ready for him. She‚Äôd spent all week asserting herself on
her other clients (receiving a fair few large tips in the process). Now,
dressed in a silk shirt and black skirt ‚Äì the catsuit reminded her of too
much ‚Äì she greeted him with a flash of teeth and was gratified to see him
look surprised.

As he stepped into the room, she
pushed the door closed and went straight for his legs. She‚Äôd been a willing
pupil at the club‚Äôs free judo lessons for its staff, just in case the worst
happened during a session, and now she gladly put the lessons into action.
Knocking his feet from under him, with the momentum of surprise she was soon
sitting astride him, as he lay face down, two arms twisted behind his back,
her knees digging into the backs of his.

‚ÄòThat,‚Äô she whispered in his ear,
‚Äòwas for last week.‚Äô

Breathing hard, she held him for a
moment till she felt his muscles relax, and then began to think about
loosening her grip and backing away. It was enough. He sensed her intention,
and before she even knew what was happening he‚Äôd flipped her from his back
and was rolling on top of her as she fought him with flailing limbs, all judo
moves out of the window.

He was much stronger than her, and by
the time he had her on her back, hands and legs spread out and securely
pinned, she knew she was lost. ‚ÄòBastard,‚Äô she cursed through gritted
teeth, but he only smiled. He bent his head towards her and she jerked away
from him, but he persisted and shortly, though she knew she didn‚Äôt want to,
she found herself kissing him deeply.

After that, there wasn‚Äôt much
argument. She struggled desultorily, but he confined her easily. Stripping her
of her shirt and skirt and discovering she wore nothing underneath, he then
reached for a rope and began to bind her hands behind her back. Round and
round he wound it, like a pro, till Beth knew there would be no escape
forthcoming. He repeated the process at her elbows, drawing them closer and
closer together as Beth complained. Eventually, they touched, and Beth gasped
at the sensation.

Busy trying to come to terms with her
bonds, Beth only vaguely registered the ropes winding round her legs till she
realised she was bound securely at ankle and knee. ‚ÄòLet me go,‚Äô she
whispered into the floor, but he chose not to hear. Instead, he hogtied her
quite tightly, and stood back to admire his work.

His dominatrix lay at his feet, naked,
roped by his own hand. Her hair fell in dark waves over the floor, and her
skin shivered as her muscles tested their bonds.

‚ÄòIntoxicating, isn‚Äôt it?‚Äô he
asked in a gentle tone. Beth tensed.

‚ÄòI‚Äôll have you banned from the
club,‚Äô she replied, trying to make her voice hard.

Joe knelt beside her again, rolling
her onto her side so he could see her face. She glowered at him to hide the
arousal she knew shone in her eyes.

‚ÄòI think you‚Äôd find this easier if
you were gagged,‚Äô he said calmly. ‚ÄòThen you can just relax and go with the
flow.‚Äô

‚ÄòNo way,‚Äô gulped Beth, suddenly
scared on a whole new level. But Joe was adamant. He held the red rubber ball
in front of her mouth, holding her gaze, till, with an enormous upheaval
inside, she opened her mouth and let him gag her. He buckled it tightly behind
her head.

Breathing fast through her nose, Beth
closed her eyes and tried to ignore the sensations pounding her from every
angle. Helpless in front of her own client, speechless, she felt him slip a
finger between her legs and feel the wetness inside her. As she opened her
eyes and gave him a look of tortured delight, he grinned triumphantly.

‚ÄòThis is the pure reaction you
always wanted me to have, isn‚Äôt it?‚Äô he asked. ‚ÄòPhysically and
mentally.‚Äô

Beth screwed her eyes shut again,
refusing to recognise what she could now see in herself.

Joe found two fat cushions and placed
them on the floor beside Beth, lifting her onto them so she lay on her back,
pressing her bound limbs beneath her. He sat beside her, caressing her
breasts, stroking her stomach, as she lay hazily, silently, fearfully. No
surrender. She wouldn‚Äôt‚Ä¶ she *couldn‚Äôt* submit to him. It was all
wrong. She was the dominatrix, and here she was bound helplessly in her own
playroom, her client pinching her nipples freely and flipping her mind over
and over. Her body, traitor that it was, was on fire with arousal, melding
with the ropes that held her captive, yearning for Joe to come inside her.

Her mind flashed back to her first
experience at the hands of Jack, who was so good, so seductive, so dominant‚Ä¶
perhaps, after all, we‚Äôre all dominant to those less so than ourselves. But
then, when we meet someone more expert than we are, we succumb‚Ä¶

Beth opened her eyes and saw Joe
kneeling in front of her, holding a plastic object. She moaned into her gag as
he pushed it between her legs and deep into her, turning on the vibration as
he did so. Then he kissed her, before rolling her back onto her front and
allowing her arms and legs to revive. He put the cushions away.

It was time for their session to end.
Bending down to kiss her hot forehead, Joe whispered goodbye, and left the
room.

Beth shrieked into her gag, and began
to kick at her bonds with a vengeance. He wasn‚Äôt going to leave her here!
Her next client would be along in minutes, or another member of staff‚Ä¶ The
humiliation was too much to contemplate. Joe had tied her too well for her to
even budge one of the knots. As she writhed and shouted, the vibrator inside
her drove her to a toe-curling orgasm, and she strained at her bonds as it
washed through her, forgetting all about the people who would soon find her in
her predicament‚Ä¶

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Jamey knocked nervously on Beth‚Äôs
door, wondering what was wrong. Her next client was waiting, and Beth was
never late.

Jamey was slightly in awe of Beth, so
didn‚Äôt dare go in for several minutes. She‚Äôd been learning her trade as a
dominatrix from Beth, who was a harsh but inspiring teacher. Jamey had spent
one too many afternoons at the receiving end of her talents, in punishment for
screwing up.

Eventually she pushed open the door
and peered anxiously round it.

For a moment, she thought Beth must
have a client with her. Lying in the middle of the floor was a hogtied, naked
woman, writhing in what was unmistakable orgasm. She started to close the door
again before she recognised Beth as that hogtied naked woman.

Something must have gone terribly
wrong. Dashing through the door, Jamey was beside Beth in a second, trembling
fingers working the buckles on the back of the gag that silenced her. As Beth
worked her sore jaw muscles, Jamey released the hog tie and rolled her onto
her side, her arms and legs still bound.

‚ÄòBeth, oh god, what happened?‚Äô she
murmured. Beth was trying to say something but she wasn‚Äôt listening.
‚ÄòI‚Äôll get Jack, we have to call the police...‚Äô

‚ÄòNo!‚Äô shouted Beth, who hadn‚Äôt
before realised it was possible to actually die of embarrassment. But at least
it was Jamey who‚Äôd found her, Jamey who worshipped the ground she walked on
and could be trusted to keep this quiet.

‚ÄòJamey, just shut the door and untie
me, right now.‚Äô She tried to keep the wobble from her voice but was afraid
it still showed. She jerked once more at her bonds and gave a shout of
frustration.

Jamey stood up slowly and looked
towards the door, which stood wide open. Any minute now someone could walk
past and see Beth‚Äôs predicament. Thoughtfully, she crossed the room and
closed the door, quietly turning the key in the lock.

‚ÄòJamey, untie me now,‚Äô ordered
Beth, who was desperate to get the still-vibrating object out from inside her
before she came again. Her arms were aching at the strictness of her bonds.

Kneeling beside Beth, Jamey reached
for the knots that bound her ankles but hesitated.

‚ÄòCome on, Jamey,‚Äô groaned Beth.
‚ÄòWhat‚Äôs wrong?‚Äô She glanced up and saw with a shiver that Jamey was
staring right at her.

‚ÄòAll in good time,‚Äô her trainee
whispered seductively. ‚ÄòBut right now, I have other plans.‚Äô And with a
swift, practised movement which Beth had taught her, she pinched Beth‚Äôs nose
hard till she opened her mouth to breathe, and then pushed the ball gag back
into place.

Beth screamed, but it was silenced
rapidly by the gag. She bucked in her bonds but it was no use. Jamey had found
the vibrator inside her and was turning it up to its max. With a calm,
sadistic smile, she pushed a butt plug deep inside her and retied the hogtie,
tighter this time, pulling her head back as well using the straps on the gag
as tethers.

‚ÄòCome on now, Beth,‚Äô she murmured
in a tone she‚Äôd never used with her before ‚Äì she‚Äôd never dared. ‚ÄòWhat
dominatrix worth her name would pass up this opportunity?‚Äô And she sauntered
off to examine the rows of nipple clamps on the wall, as Beth slid helplessly
once more towards orgasm.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Beth pressed down a little harder with
her stiletto heel on Jamey‚Äôs naked back, till her student cried out and
rattled the chains that held her prone on the floor.

‚ÄòI‚Äôm sorry, Beth,‚Äô she pleaded.
‚ÄòPlease forgive me. You know I‚Äôll do anything for you.‚Äô

Beth arched one eyebrow and picked up
her whip. ‚ÄòI think you proved that already, darling,‚Äô she said icily, and
flicked the whip accurately across her bare bottom, making her dance in her
chains.

Revenge was nice, but was it really
worth it? It was enough that Jamey had come to her and knelt before her,
almost in tears, scared by what she had done to her mentor. She didn‚Äôt
really need to rub it in physically. After all, she‚Äôd done the job well,
making Beth come several times over. She put down the whip, another item that
she'd purchased from **Sax Leather** and started to
unlock the cuffs from Jamey‚Äôs limbs.

‚ÄòGet out of here,‚Äô she ordered, a
smile twitching on her lips. ‚ÄòAnd tell Jack on your way out that you‚Äôll be
needing your own room from now on.‚Äô

Jamey pulled on her clothes in a daze
of terrified happiness, not quite believing that Beth had actually let her
graduate to full, independent dominatrix.

‚ÄòHonestly?‚Äô she gasped, and when
Beth nodded she leapt into her arms and hugged her tight.

‚ÄòJust one thing though...‚Äô said
Beth, extricating herself from her grasp. ‚ÄòNot one word to anyone. Or
else.‚Äô

Jamey nodded furiously, then asked if
she was ever going to explain.

‚ÄòNo, I am not,‚Äô replied Beth,
sending her on her way with another flick of the whip.

Explain? How could she? She didn‚Äôt
even know what had happened herself. She, who thought she didn‚Äôt have a
submissive bone in her body, writhing in unmistakeable arousal in bonds
applied by her client and her student. Something must be wrong with her...

As she packed up her equipment and
changed into her normal clothes, her mind was full of Joe. Jamey had taken
advantage of finding her helplessly bound, but she hadn‚Äôt taken over her
mind the way Joe had. The feeling made her almost sick with vertigo.
Everything had been turned upside down. Her professional pride wounded by not
being able to dominate him, and now her sense of self thrown into question...

Shivering with more than the cold
night air, she stepped out into the street.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

It took a lot of effort not to return
to the club before the week was up. Finally, today, he allowed himself to go.
He had to see her, and he assumed she was expecting him. Although this time,
perhaps not with the expectation of dominating him.

He had never been this intoxicated by
a woman. Girlfriends had come and gone, and some had even let him tie them,
but no one had made him feel this way. Trouble was, he was always attracted to
strong, independent women ‚Äì the kind who wanted long, passionate lovemaking
and not the dirty, kinky scenes that filled his mind, all the more when the
woman was entirely the opposite of your typical submissive.

He‚Äôd tried paying women ‚Äì escorts,
women in clubs like this one ‚Äì to submit to his ropes and chains, but it
just wasn‚Äôt right. It gave him chance to practise his skills, but his soul
wasn‚Äôt in it. Arriving at Beth‚Äôs club intending to ask for a session where
he could tie a woman ‚Äì the craving always caught up with him ‚Äì he‚Äôd seen
Beth stalking the corridors and fallen head over heels for her. On finding she
was purely a domme, he‚Äôd signed up anyway.

It had been very strange, allowing
himself to be bound and teased by her. He maintained a cool detachment,
enjoying her attentions as her cool fingers touched his skin, but not in the
slightest feeling submissive to her. It amused him to watch her struggle with
him. It was a cruel joke, really, to pretend he was a sub and let her question
her professional skills, but it was worth it just to spend that hour with her
each week.

And then that tiny instant when
she‚Äôd hesitated, and he‚Äôd taken the cuffs from her... He hadn‚Äôt been
planning to do that. But the flash he‚Äôd seen in her eyes gave him hope, and
it was done before he‚Äôd even thought about it. Oh god, if he could turn
her... it was too much to think about.

He composed himself before stepping
into her room, determined to maintain his calm appearance.

Beth was pacing restlessly back and
forth, waiting for him. Even biting her nails and frowning, she looked
amazing: she had on those high boots which looked so painful to walk in they
were as much a sub‚Äôs punishment as a domme‚Äôs attire. Her waist was nipped
in by a leather corset, above and below which flowed her breasts and hips in
perfect curves underneath the skirt and silk shirt that she wore. Her hair
gleamed softly in the light as she turned to face him, eyes flashing both a
warning and a plea.

Joe closed the door behind him and
placed his coat on a chair, moving slowly. His eyes never left hers. Once his
dominatrix; now his sub ‚Äì or so he wished. He could tell she was going to
fight it, but he wouldn‚Äôt want it any other way. He felt a smile touch his
lips.

Seeing as Beth was apparently lost for
words, he sat down and crossed his legs. Still she hovered at the far side of
the room, arms crossed protectively across her chest.

‚ÄòHave you ever been tied before?‚Äô
he asked, as if it were an everyday question. Beth shook her head sharply,
then, after a moment‚Äôs consideration, nodded slightly. Joe gave her a
questioning look. Beth sighed, and stepped across the room to her private set
of drawers where she kept her notes on her clients and their preferences under
lock and key. From the depths of one of the drawers she withdrew a photograph
and thrust it in his direction.

‚ÄòMe,‚Äô she said shortly. Joe looked
at the picture he held in his hand. It depicted Beth dressed in gaudy
underwear, her arms and legs bound, on her knees in front of the man he
recognised as the owner of this club. It looked like it had been taken from
CCTV.

Beth was now leaning against the far
wall, her eyes closed. ‚ÄòWe all have to have an initiation, with Jack. The
owner of this place. He says you can‚Äôt domme someone properly unless you
know how it feels to be dommed. So that‚Äôs my session.‚Äô Her voice was hard,
as she tried to control the wobble she felt.

Joe felt his trousers stirring as he
gazed at the picture ‚Äì this glamorous dominatrix bound on her knees in
grainy black and white. Eventually he rose and crossed the room towards her.
Standing close beside her, he ran one finger down the side of her face and
felt her shudder.

‚ÄòWould you like to do that with
me?‚Äô he asked, softly.

Beth swallowed and closed her eyes
again. ‚ÄòYes,‚Äô she whispered, like it was the most horrible confession.
When she opened her eyes, she caught a glimpse of a wide grin on his face
which was quickly smothered.

He leant towards her, sliding his arms
around her sculpted, corseted waist, and kissed her cheek.

‚ÄòYou can domme the entire world,‚Äô
he murmured, ‚Äòand I‚Äôll love you for it. Just let go enough to submit to
me.‚Äô

‚ÄòHow can I?‚Äô she said forcefully,
tensing in his arms.

He smiled wickedly. ‚ÄòDarling, it‚Äôs
not your choice. It‚Äôs mine.‚Äô He took her hands and held them together
behind her back with one of his, making her moan imperceptibly. ‚ÄòAnd I want
to bind you hard and tease you till you beg for more.‚Äô

‚ÄòBut I‚Äôm a dominatrix,‚Äô she
moaned, resting her head on his shoulder. ‚ÄòThis is my life. Every man but
you I want to tie up and humiliate.‚Äô

Gently Joe disengaged himself and
stepped back a couple of paces. He hated to cause so much pain and
bewilderment. But he was sure he was right, was sure she wanted this, even
though she didn‚Äôt know for certain herself. And then he had a bright idea.

‚ÄòSo domme yourself,‚Äô he challenged
her, taking his seat again and watching expectantly. ‚ÄòShow me what you can
do.‚Äô

She frowned at him, confused. He
gestured to the racks of cuffs and rope that adorned one wall. ‚ÄòTie yourself
up for me. And make it as good as you would for a client.‚Äô

With his eyes upon her, Beth felt a
tingle between her legs as she listened to his request ‚Äì or was it a
command? No... not a command. He didn‚Äôt own her entirely, yet.

‚ÄòAre you serious?‚Äô she asked, her
professional mind already wandering to how she could tie herself most
effectively. She‚Äôd never done it before, but now she was intrigued.

‚ÄòOf course,‚Äô he replied with a
grin. ‚ÄòCome on, I want a show.‚Äô

Confidence rising a little, Beth
grinned back. She was, after all, a natural performer. ‚ÄòAlright then,‚Äô she
said, feeling surreal.

How to get herself completely
helpless... it was certainly a challenge. She enjoyed considering herself as
her own client. To be honest, she kind of scared herself too... she knew just
how cruel she could be.

Joe watched from his chair as Beth,
absorbed in her task, strode round the room gathering rope, a gag, leather
cuffs and chains. She checked a chain which hung from the ceiling, and nodded
to herself when she was satisfied it was secure. Only when she was ready to
begin did she glance his way and begin to strip. As the corset came off, Joe
pictured himself tight lacing her back into it.

She stood naked in front of him,
unselfconsciously. She started with her chest. Running ropes round her chest,
above and below her breasts, she formed a harness that squeezed them tightly,
making them stand out in sensitive globes. A very strict crotch rope followed,
with knots in three places to plague her. Joe had to struggle not to take his
cock in his hand as he watched her bind herself, her hands working quickly
over her own body, handling the rope like the pro she was, even though she was
tying herself. She still looked the very essence of a dominatrix, as she
worked swiftly and accurately to restrain herself in what was clearly going to
be a challenging position.

When her body harness was complete,
she bent at the waist to tie her legs. Many turns of tightly cinched rope soon
held her ankles, calves and thighs firmly together. Balancing precariously on
her bound legs, she stood carefully up.

Watching her buckle herself into a red
ball gag was almost more
than he could bear. She was taking it so seriously, intent upon her work as
with any client. After the gag was in place, stretching her lips, she cuffed
her wrists in front of her with leather cuffs¬Ý which were joined by a 6 inch chain.

She‚Äôd placed herself directly under
the chain which hung from the ceiling, before she‚Äôd started tying her legs,
so now all she had to do was raise her arms and lift the chain between her cuffs over the hook that dangled on the end of the ceiling chain. This she did
with ease, because the chain hung quite low. Joe was almost disappointed: she
could easily release her hands. But then she gave a downward tug and, like a
roller blind, the chain retracted about twelve inches upwards with a force
that was powerful enough to pull her up with it, her arms now stretched above
her head, her stomach taut, leaving her standing on the balls of her feet but
nothing more.

It was now that her expression changed
from one of calm control to one of wide eyed, nervous arousal. The moment she
was inescapably restrained, bound and stretched out by her own hand, she
moaned into her gag and her body writhed gently, her toes dancing on the floor
as she tried to get comfortable. It wasn‚Äôt much use. Joe could see that the
chain pulling her arms up had also raised her shoulders in their harness, so
that the crotch rope dug in more deeply, practically invisible between the
folds of her pussy. The ropes round her breasts also seemed to be holding her
more tightly.

Joe had to admit, she certainly knew
her job.

He circled his bound dominatrix,
running his fingers over her taut flesh as she squirmed. Then he gave her a
push, letting her swing back into position as her feet scrabbled on the floor
for purchase ‚Äì not yet willing to lie back and go with the flow. Her eyes,
too, as he turned her to face him were flickering between the urge to fight
him and a desperate need to let him take control. Holding her gaze, he reached
up and pulled the chain a little higher, lifting her feet from the ground
entirely.

Before she could complain, he pushed
her again, and this time she swung unimpeded till she came to rest beside him
once more, moaning softly, hanging loose in her bonds. That was more like it.
The more he took away her control, the less need she felt to fight. Well, that
was OK. His imagination writhed with evil ideas for making her utterly,
totally, helplessly his.

It was a hard position: sweat was
breaking out on her forehead, and her hands were turning white. A couple more
swings and he‚Äôd release her. But before that, he whispered into her ear.

‚ÄòI‚Äôm going to tie you up so tight
you can‚Äôt even blink, and leave you till you beg for release.‚Äô

Push. Swing. A quiet moan from behind
the gag. Eyes closed.

‚ÄòI‚Äôm going to bind your breasts
hard and whip them while you thank me for every stroke.‚Äô

Push. Swing. A louder moan this time,
a little more frantic.

‚ÄòI‚Äôm going to strap you into a bit
and bridle and make you trot naked round my garden, with bells on your ankles
and a tail flowing from your ass.‚Äô

Push. Swing. He took his erection in
his hand and starting to stroke slowly. Beth writhed in her bonds, body and
mind both over-exerted.

‚ÄòI‚Äôm going to corset train you
down to 16 inches, pierce your nipples, and own every inch of your body.‚Äô

Push. Swing. Each mad idea drove both
him and her even higher. Breathing hard, she came to rest beside him, almost
exhausted. This time, he spun her around, letting her twist back and forth at
the end of the chain.

‚ÄòAnd I‚Äôm going to bound, gagged,
and blindfolded for days on end, as I fuck you any time I want.‚Äô

He released her now, helping her down
then pushing her gently to her knees, and onto her stomach on the floor. He
recuffed her arms behind her then stood above her, stroking his cock hard and
fast as she moaned and writhed on the floor, clearly desperate to come. The
sight of her in such frustrated disarray was too much. Mind full of images of
what they would do together, he came hard and his cum splashed down onto her
skin.

Beth jerked in her bonds as the hot
cum seared its significance across her back and her bottom, arching her neck
and shouting into the gag as she, too, felt orgasm rising deep with her.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Neatly dressed once more, professional
demeanour intact, Beth opened the door and ushered Joe out.

‚ÄòSame time next week?‚Äô she said,
and Joe nodded. A smile touched her lips as he left, turning to flash her a
wicked grin before the front door of the club closed behind him.

Beth picked up her
strop whip, and patted it
against the palm of her opposite hand.

‚ÄòNow then, who‚Äôs next?‚Äô she
asked, her eyes lighting on her next client, who suddenly seemed more
apprehensive than excited about his session. Beth licked her lips and smiled
like a snake spying its next meal.

‚ÄòDon‚Äôt worry,‚Äô she said,
‚ÄòI‚Äôm in a very good mood.‚Äô And the door closed behind her with a bang.

30.01.12 (Reposted)
