---
original_url: https://www.dollstories.net/storiesad/blow_up_doll.html
subcategory: Doll Stories
title: Blow Up Doll
authors:
- Leticia Latex
tags:
- F/m
- M2f
- transform
- transgender
- rubberdoll
- latex
- inflate
- toys
- mast
- oral
- sex
- reluct/cons
- X
date: 2006-07-08 00:00:00
---

As she went down the street, Tiffany got several shocked
looks from people around her. As far as she remembered, crowded sidewalks never
used to be like that. Normally, on her way to work, the sidewalks were crowded
but people still managed to go about without actually having to hustle their way
through the crowd. These days, she seemed like a magnet to all those people,
there was plenty of space on the sidewalk but people looked like they were all
converging on her position. Everyone was brushing her sides, some actually
grasping at her arms, wanting to touch her skin. Some smiled, some looked unsure
of what to think of her. Those that grasped her arms were surprised to find
their fingers easily cleaving into her skin, as if they realized she didn’t
seem to have any bones to speak of. No one had the exact same reaction, but
every single person she met had one.

Still she smiled, wondering just what she had done to
turn out the way she did. Remembering the events that lead to the present
moment.

**Two months before...**

“No Stephen! Why do you keep insisting?” asked Ariel.

“I’m not insisting, it’s just that I like that
kinda thing and I would love to see you wear some.” answered Stephen, looking
at the latex-wear spread out before them. “Why won’t you wear any, gimme one
good reason?”

“I don’t know... it’s just... it scares me a bit...
don’t you think it’s a bit too kinky, it just screams sex, it’s not
subtle, it doesn’t say ‘Make love to me’ you know... it’s more like
‘Fuck the hell out of me’ and that’s not really me.” Looking around,
Ariel was searching for a way to change the topic. Stephen and her were downtown
that day and figured they’d stop at a sex shop just for fun, maybe buy some
stuff to spice up their sex life.  “How
about that lace outfit there, isn’t that sexy?”

“Ariel, see.... that’s too much ‘Make love to me’
for my own tastes. Lace is just too boring, that is even less subtle than the
plastic I want you to wear... at least rubber can be worn in dance clubs, but
not lace. Besides, latex is really, really sexy, it would just hug your curves,
enhancing those that may lack definition.” explained Stephen.

“Now what the hell is that supposed to mean??? Are you
saying now that I’m flat-chested? I never heard you complain before, so why
now after three years together?” she fumed.

“No, no, no, it’s not that... it’s just that it
would make you sexier... you got very nice... ahem... boobs, firm and
everything. Hell, nobody would complain on your body, it’s like the best of
any of the girls I’ve dated... and the D-cups you have drive me nuts in
bed,” he assured her. “but the thing is...  I’d
like to see them elsewhere than in bed. I mean, come on, you hardly ever... make
that never, show off your body. You always put on baggy shirts and pants. How
about we see some legs and cleavage sometimes.”

“Okay, fair enough, I’ll try to show more skin... but
not wearing that kinda thing, I don’t think I’m ready for that... put
yourself in my shoes, would you wear that stuff? It looks so uncomfortable, like
too tight.” dared Ariel.

“Yeah, I would... and I’d probably wear it with
pride.” he smiled as he answered.

“What? I think you just want to hold on to your point
and won’t let me get away with it, you wanna make me angry?” Ariel was
getting crimson red at the insolence she thought Stephen was showing her.

“No, really I would... look, come over here.” he said
calmly as he took her in a corner of the store so they could have a little more
intimacy in their discussion. “You see, there’s this thing about me that you
might not know...” looking down as if he was ashamed of holding something back
from her for all this time.

“What is it? It can’t be THAT serious, what is it?”
she asked, curious and a bit afraid of the answer.

“You know how much I love you, right?” Ariel nodded
at the question. “Okay, then just don’t interrupt me until I’m finished,
okay?” Again, she nodded. “Here I go, okay... so there’s this one time I
heard a girl say that the man’s g-spot was in his ass.  Since
I’m a pretty open-minded guy, I tried it once, put a finger up my ass and I
liked it, a lot. I’ve never been one to think it makes me gay to like it, so I
kept on doing it when I was in the shower with a soaped up finger and with time
it lead to two fingers and then to phallic-looking objects, then I finally
bought a vibrator. You know how we watch a lot of porn together... it came to a
time when I looked at the girl and thought about her being me, like it was me
being the girl being pound in the ass by the guy... only I assure you guys do
nothing for me... it’s only the dick that does it... basically I’m trying to
say that I found that I liked it in my ass and that I could be turned on by a
girl with a dick...” he lowered his head, preparing to be yelled at.

Ariel was dumbfounded “Whoa! Huh...okay... that was a
shocker.
I... guess it’s okay.”

“HUH?!?” Stephen couldn’t believe his ears.

“I guess it’s okay. My boyfriend is an open-minded
guy, I don’t know of any guys who would take a dick up the ass and even think
about liking it, even if he physically likes, they’d be beating themselves up
mentally because of homophobic thoughts going in their heads. I think that’s
great... and about you imagining yourself as a girl... I guess you probably
prefer seeing yourself as a nice girl taking it up the ass as a opposed to a guy
getting reamed, right?”

“Aside from some minor details, I think that covers it
pretty much.”

“Do you crossdress?” she asked. “You don’t put on
my clothes, right?”

“No, I’ve been here once and tried some girl stuff...
I’m really ugly as a girl, my shoulders are too broad.”

“Okay, I got an idea... let’s forget about that latex
thing for now and focus on you, you want me a bit more naughty, at least
that’s the impression that I get. I’m not ready to actually wear that stuff
for you but how would you feel if we bought a transsexual porn movie and a
strap-on? I wouldn’t mind doing you.” she proposed.

“You would??? I’d be thrilled to explore that with
you, I’m so relieved you didn’t take that the wrong way.”

So the couple looked around for a decent vid with
she-males that showed no traces of ever being a man before, they chose only the
best ones, Stephen didn’t like it when they had male features still showing.
They finally found a movie that could put both of them to shame, one with girls
that had bodies to make Ariel jealous and bigger dicks than Stephen himself.
Both of them agreed on that one. Then they bought a pink jelly strap-on dildo
for Ariel to put on. The dildo had an ejaculating function where, when pumped
continuously in the same way you would masturbate an actual cock, an air gauge
built pressure until it auto-climaxed when reaching a certain point. Stephen and
Ariel had bought it for the realism of it, it came with a pouch of powder to mix
in water to create a gooey liquid reminiscent of cum. Stephen had always wanted
to know what it was like to take a cumshot from a woman so he was happy to buy
that one.

“You really sure about this, right? Transsexuals
won’t disgust you?” asked Stephen.

“Yeah, I’m sure, this’ll be fun... I can finally
see what it’s like to fuck someone... Okay, so I don’t have an actual dick
but it’s a start.” she smiled.

So they paid for the stuff and went back home. The night
after, Stephen made sure he was clean all over, inside and out. When he came out
of the shower, Ariel had prepared supper and she was wearing the outfit she knew
Stephen preferred from all the lingerie she had. She was wearing her purple
liquid lift bra from La Senza because she knew Stephen liked women even bustier
than she already was, so she wore it to give herself a DD-cup instead of her
normal D’s. The only other thing she seemed to be wearing was her matching
purple silk skirt that went down to her knees.  So the couple ate supper and sat in front of the TV to watch
their favorite shows. After a while, Stephen stood up and went to get the porn
tape.

After putting it in and starting the VCR, he went back
next to Ariel and sat as the movie started. The title of the movie, Boobtown
She-males, went by, as scenes from the movie appeared to introduce the cast.

“Wow, those girls got bigger tits than me, and look at
their asses.” marveled Ariel.

“You make me laugh, you make me look at the tits so I
won’t notice you drooling at their dicks, which seem fairly larger than
mine.” laughed Stephen.

“Okay, so maybe I like big dicks, I’ve never given
you flak for loving big tits.” she said.

“Huge tits.” he said.

“What’s that?”

“Huge tits, honey... not big, I like them huge,
enormous even.” he corrected.

She looked at him with widening eyes. “Wow, how
huge?” she asked.  “No wait,
don’t answer, let’s see... from all the girls in this movie, which one do
you prefer?”

“I really like that girl, Vicki, she’s got real nice
boobs.”

“I’ll say, she looks like she has volleyballs
strapped to her chest, that IS huge... geez, you never cease to amaze me.”

“Is that good?” Stephen asks, smiling.

“Well... it’s just... new, didn’t know you liked
women that big.” she smiled back at him. “Don’t worry about me, I’ll
make sure that you have no fear of expressing your fetishes from now on.”

So with that, they continued watching the movie, until
the scene with Vicki came up. Ariel started to play with Stephen’s nipples,
turning him face to her so she could French kiss him as the same seemed to be
happening to Vicki on screen, who was being kissed-kissed by Erika, a D-cupped
blonde that looked like she had the same kind of body that Ariel had, except
Erika had an eight inch tool.

“You like when I play with your titties, huh?” asked
Ariel, naughtily.

“Yeah, keep going...” he answered with a deep breath
as he continued kissing her all over.

She continued playing with his tiny nipples and started
fondling his cock with her other hand. As Vicki was standing up to get her cock
sucked by Erika, Ariel took Stephen’s shaft and pulled him up so he was
standing in front of her. She put both hands on his butt as she went down on
him, engulfing his cock completely.  Stephen
moaned as Ariel bobbed her head on his dick furiously.  After
a while, Ariel let go of Stephen’s dick and stood up in front of him, wrapping
her arms around his neck, kissing him passionately. A minute of this and she
turned him around, pushing him on the sofa, then seductively she lifted her
skirt, the dildo standing at attention. Stephen’s eyes widened with lust as
she showed him what he had been waiting for all night. Then in a moment that
would have had anyone think that Ariel had seen the movie a dozen times, Ariel
commanded in unison with Erika on screen:

“Suck my cock, slut!” They both demanded.

Stephen was happy to oblige as he went for the dildo with
hungry eyes, still looking straight into Ariel’s eyes. For the first time
ever, Stephen was sucking a girl’s cock and he was extremely turned on by it.
He started letting out high-pitched, girly moans as he sucked on and on, pumping
the dildo, which was gaining pressure for the ejaculation that he hoped, would
be soon to come. Stephen couldn’t help running his hands over Ariel’s boobs,
caressing them as she arched her back, as if she was actually taking physical
pleasure from all this, playing her role perfectly. She started bucking her hips
to get more plastic dick past Stephen’s eager lips, holding his head in place.
Drool started dripping out the sides of his mouth, as he didn’t even take time
to swallow, getting the cock very slippery. After two more minutes of this,
Ariel pulled Stephen’s head by the hair.

“Ride me!” she said, looking lustfully straight into
his eyes.

With that, Stephen rose up in front of Ariel and turned
around, sitting on Ariel’s plastic dick, descending slowly but easily inch by
inch as the slippery dildo disappeared into his ass. As he lowered himself
completely onto Ariel’s tool, he let out another girlish moan, clearly
indicating that he was again fantasizing about being the girl in the movie,
hence Vicki. He started masturbating as Ariel went for his nipples, playing with
them from behind his back while he was riding her faster and faster.

He was getting feverish as he neared orgasm while Ariel
let out sensuous moans, anyone looking at both of them would have sworn she was
really taking pleasure as if it was a real dick she had, and same for Stephen
would could’ve been mistaken for a girl by his moans and little screams of
ecstasy. They both watched the movie excitedly while going at it, then as both
girls on screen seemed to be near cumming, Ariel stood up, Stephen still impaled
on her cock, she took both his arms behind his back like the reins of a horse
and started pounding back and forth with a bit more speed, all the while both of
them started moaning louder.  Stephen
was starting to feel a little pain as his arms were pulled harder and harder by
Ariel as she pumped in and out with fury up to a point were she held still,
moaning.

Stephen’s pain quickly subsided, his orgasm taking over
his whole body, his ass clenching on the cock, going back and forth faster until
Ariel finally let out a loud scream cumming into Stephen’s butt. Stephen even
came from all that stimulation, his muscles twitching; he could feel his ass
getting tighter as he was milking the dildo for all it was worth.

Ariel slapped Stephen’s smooth ass as she kept on
cumming, she cleaved her fingers into his ass cheeks. She thought she was done
cumming when she released Stephen’s arms.

Stephen fell forward on the sofa from exhaustion, he
swore he had relaxed his ass as he got off Ariel’s strap-on but couldn’t
help but notice how it hurt when he got off of it, like his ass was actually
tighter than before sitting on it at all. Ariel had another spasm as she spewed
a few last drops of jizz on Stephen’s ass cheeks and anus. She smiled as she
rubbed the fake semen into Stephen’s cheeks, afterwards she lay down on
Stephen’s back, nestling her plastic dick in between his ass cheeks.

“MMmmmmmmhhh, that was great, I’m kinda glad you got
me into this, fucking is great.” marveled Ariel.

Catching his breath, Stephen said, “Yeah, it was, but
my ass hurt when I took it off the dildo, as if it was tighter... probably the
orgasm I guess.” then thinking about the whole situation and how weird it was
for a first time. “You know what? You really surprised me there, just
yesterday I was telling you how I thought you weren’t naughty or kinky enough,
then five minutes ago you proved me wrong by fucking me like no tomorrow,
treating me like your little slut... I must say I’m real surprised by you.”

“Is that bad?” she asked.

“Oh no, hell no... it felt real good, wish we could do
this more often.”

“Cool, ‘cuz I liked it.”

After a while, Ariel stood and went to wash the dildo.
Stephen stood and went in the bathroom too, he figured he would wash his ass but
as he ran his hands on his cheeks and found them unusually smooth and tight for
an ass that had just received it’s fair share of the gooey stuff. He found
absolutely nothing to wash away, like his skin had absorbed it completely.
Stephen brushed the thought away and went back to the sofa, watched TV and
waited for Ariel to come back and sit next to him. They talked about their
experience a bit and then went to bed, all smiles.

The morning after, Stephen woke up and surprised Ariel in
the kitchen. Ariel was busy making a new batch of fake cum with her little pouch
of powder. She stopped upon seeing Stephen and threw the bag in one of the
drawers, closing it quickly.

“Geez! You scared me, don’t ever do that again.”

“Whoa, sorry, didn’t mean to, so what are you
doing?” Trying to peek over her shoulder, she tried hiding something, then he
finally saw “Ah, gotcha! So you liked so much you couldn’t wait making more
of the gooey stuff, you really like doing me?”

Ariel sighed, “Huh.... yeah! Can’t get enough of it I
guess.” she wiped her brow as she continued her work, injecting the stuff into
the cock and then putting it away in her bedside drawer.

In the afternoon, Stephen called on Ariel to join him in
the bathroom.

Stephen was looking at his crotch in the mirror.

“Did you see this? It looks like the cum is some kind
of ointment because my balls are smoother than I’ve ever felt them, and they
don’t seem to be riding as low as they did before, like they just climbed back
up in my crotch.”

“Wow, they look great I guess... you’re not freaked
out, right?” asked Ariel.

“No, this is cool.” He kept on looking at them. They
were almost getting out of sight and all he could think of is that the cum had
made his skin more taut, hence bringing his balls up into his groin.

That night, Ariel put the cock on again and surprised
Stephen in the shower, driving it into his ass when he least expected it.  After
15 minutes of fucking in the shower, Ariel came into Stephen’s ass and on his
cheeks too, also dripping down to his crotch. In sheer ecstasy and excitement he
rubbed it in himself, whimpering like the girl he imagined himself to be.

The day after, Stephen panicked, as he couldn’t not see
his testicles anymore. Ariel reassured him that they were probably there, just
completely hidden, maybe the cum was such a potent ointment that it had made the
skin real tight. Stephen trusted her and let it be.

Ariel smiled as she saw that the cum she got the day
after they bought the dildo was really working. It turns out that Ariel had
switched from regular fake cum to a very potent hormonal one. She had came twice
in Stephen’s ass and on his cheeks and down to his groin, and she had proof
enough as Stephen’s ass was just another cumshot away from being the perfect
heart-shaped ass she wanted him to have and his testicles had already gone away.
Now, she thought, she’d have to be careful and cum on him at places he
wouldn’t notice the changes too much.

**A month passed...**

“Honey! Can you help me out here?” Stephen called out
to Ariel.

Ariel entered the kitchen; saw her boyfriend, or actually
what was left of him. Stephen had a body even she could envy, he had slender
legs up to his heart shaped little ass, so tight despite the almost daily
banging he was getting. He had lost about every body hair he ever had and his
shoulders were now much less broad than he had said before. Ariel would
sometimes be surprised when looking at him naked, because his face was still his
own and as long as he was wearing his clothes, nobody would figure he had that
kind of body that any man would die for. Still he didn’t really notice, he was
too busy to care, enjoying the newfound pleasures with his girlfriend. When she
looked at him naked, his inner thighs looked like a girl’s right down to the
patch of blonde hair, he had no part of his male genitalia left except for his
cock that was the last proof of his masculinity.

“What is it, Stephen?” she asked, smiling at his
beauty.

“It’s that damn jar... I just can’t open it, but I
could swear I’m the one who closed it last time.” He said, still trying to
force open the jar, flexing his now frail girly muscles.

“Here, gimme that, wouldn’t want you to strain a
muscle of your delicate arms.” she took the jar and opened it without much
effort. “Hmmmphhhh, it seems like I’m the man around here since I began
fucking you... you are really getting too deep into your girly role, Hee hee hee.”

“Oh come on, stop bragging, you know that’s not true.
I’m still your man; do I look like a girl to you? mmmppph!”

“Someone hasn’t been looking in the mirror lately.”
she mumbled under her breath.

That night, after supper, Ariel was done washing the
dishes so she went back to the bedroom while Stephen was wiping them. All of a
sudden, a pair of hands started pulling and kneading his nipples playfully, a
hard cock pressing his ass cheeks apart.  Smiling, he turned around to see something he never thought
he’d see in this lifetime. Ariel was standing there, wearing a latex gown
going down to her feet, smiling as she really liked the feeling of wearing it.

“What in holy hell has gotten into you? You are HOT!
How? I mean why? How come now you are wearing it?” he asked, speechless and
catching his breath.

“Well, decided on trying it and I’m not disappointed,
let’s just say it’s a special night.” she teased.

He took her by the hip and brought her near him,
caressing her latexed body, tits and ass. He kissed her lips, down to her neck,
then he kissed and licked her cleavage and went down to her rubberized belly,
kissing and licking. He went down to her thighs as she started lifting her
skirt. He got down to her calves and started making his way back up until her
tool hit his right cheek, he then moved his head sideways, gulping the whole of
the cock, slowly he took it out, making sure that he made it wet as it came out.
Then, a first for him, he deep-throated her, holding his lips firmly around her
dick he bobbed passionately and faster by the second.

“Yeah, mmmmmh... that feels good, suck it baby,” she
said as she arched her back coming back and looking down at Stephen who was
looking at her wickedly.

She held his head there as he started fingering her
underneath her strap-on. She started masturbating the strap-on while Stephen
pumped furiously, blinded by lust. She felt the pumping motion getting harder as
the pressure was nearing the climax point, despite all that Stephen was still
sucking relentlessly not even slowing down. All his efforts finally paid off as
Ariel arched her back, starting to masturbate furiously pushing his head away
from her cock.

“I’m... unnnnnghhhhh... cumming!” she screamed.

“Cum on my face, on my face... cum all over my face.”
he pleaded as she had never done it before because she had promised herself not
to until the time was right.

What seemed like gallons spurted out the dildo flying
across all over Stephen’s face and chest, all over his nipples up to his chin
and all the way up in his hair. Stephen moaned as he rubbed it all in,
swallowing the few drops that went past his lips onto his tongue. Up to a month
ago, he could never have imagined that he’d ever be swallowing cum from a
girl, let alone his latex-clad girlfriend. Ariel caressed his hair, getting the
cum all over them, she didn’t mind getting some over her hands; she hoped he
didn’t mind having it all over his hair.

“Wow!” she said, “You really are a cum slut... you
swallowed all that?”

To that, Stephen was too happy to nod. Stephen laid down
on his back to lick his fingers clean as Ariel removed the emptied cum-tank to
put in a new one.

“Did you put more powder than normal in your little
mix? My skin seems to be tightening a lot,” he asked.

“Maybe it’s cuz it’s the first time you take a shot
in the face, no?” she offered.

“Aaaaah, could be... never mind that.” he said with a
little higher pitched voice than normal, he cleared his throat and turned over,
on his knees, offering his ass to Ariel.

Ariel aligned herself with Stephen’s anus; she grabbed
him by the hair to back him onto the dick, smiling as it grew slowly while
pulling it. The dildo penetrated with much ease, compared to a bit over a month
ago, Stephen’s ass had become more tender and willing. Still holding him by
the hair, she started banging him as he moaned and squirmed, biting into a
pillow to muffle his ecstasy. Ariel bent a bit forward, reaching for his cock
at his front and started jacking him off as she fucked him deeper with each
thrust. She started playing with a nipple with her free hand but Stephen hissed
in pain and pushed her hand away, explaining he felt unusual pain there. She
assured him that it would subside after a few minutes.

She then turned him over, placing herself under him; he
still had his back to her as she held him by the torso, lowering him on her cock
at a steady rhythm. Stephen feverishly augmented the pace until Ariel was close
to cumming again. She lifted him off her dildo and started masturbating,
screaming as she came. She held and squeezed Stephen’s nipples firmly as
streams after streams of hormonal cum landed on his crotch, where his testicles
used to be, flowing down to the crack of his ass. She rubbed it in with the tip
of the cock, still caressing Stephen’s tightening chest.

“Oh God! First time we do it twice in a night, I feel
tight all over... like my skin is gonna tear open, it’s so taut. I need
rest... no more until tomorrow, baby.” as he fell aside her, falling asleep,
tired.

Ariel stood up and went to wash to dildo, coming back to
sleep after. A huge smile on her face, she was eager to see her boyfriend
tomorrow.

The morning after, Stephen woke up with an odd feeling.
He opened up his eyes and saw Ariel was screwing a new dildo to the strap-on, it
seemed like the other one but there didn’t seem to be room for a cum-tank.

“Since when did we have that strap-on... doesn’t seem
like it has cum in it... I liked the cum,” he whined, his eyes still semi-shut
from the sleep.

His groin felt a strange sensation has he thought about
sex and their toys, and it didn’t seem like it was just his erection that was
giving him that feeling.

“Oh, I bought that like a week ago, at the same time I
bought my latex dress. It looks really cool, you like it?” she asked as she
finished screwing it in place.

“Well, how should I know... how about you let me have
it?” he asked eagerly, opening his eyes slowly as fatigue faded away.

He noticed how high his voice seemed since he woke up and
he kept clearing his throat, trying to make it go away, finally dismissing it.
He thought he just needed a glass of water so he let it go and tried to enjoy
the moment.

Ariel looked at him wickedly, smiling. She started by
going down on his erection, licking the tip of his dick hungrily, then she went
down the whole length engulfing his shaft as she went, still sticking out her
tongue. As she came to the bottom of his shaft, he felt her tongue lick
something he never felt before, making him moan out in pleasure. She smiled as
she came back up and then down again, teasing. After two minutes of this, she
let go of his dick and went back to a kneeling position in front of him, teasing
his groin with the tip of her cock, she smiled. He smiled back as she entered
him completely in three strokes. She started pumping in and out of him, arching
her back.

“That’s odd, I don’t feel you like I normally do,
my ass must be real used to taking cock now since I don’t feel it stretch
anymore.” he said as he moaned. He reached out to grab the cock in his hands
to push it in farther; he took his hands away quickly as the dildo was all
gooey.

“What the heck is this? That’s your new dildo’s
feature, it auto-lubricates?” he said, a bit surprised to have his hands all
slippery like that.

“Of course not, that’s not the dildo’s feature,
I’ll show you.” she said as she flipped a little switch on the plastic
dick’s base “Auto-lubrication, make me laugh, we don’t need that, you
lubricate way better than I thought.” she said as she humped slowly, talking
with her lover.

“Lubricate? My ass lubricates well enough? Come on,
you’re pushing it, no?” he said, not believing her. Ariel started laughing,
completely stopping her motion.

“Hee hee hee, don’t be silly... no, I’m not talking
about your ass.” she said, smiling devilishly “Right, right, I didn’t tell
you... I’m fucking your pussy, I was talking about your vagina,” she
admitted, starting to hump at an accelerated pace, the dildo emitting what
sounded like a hissing sound.

“WHAT??!?!? A pussy??? What the hell are you talking
about? What the heck is with my damn voice?”

Stephen panicked as he heard about him having a vagina;
he reached for his groin only to let out a gasp as he landed on his clit. He
wanted to get up and look at it, but Ariel pinned down his frail female body,
still fucking his/her pussy as she masturbated his/her cock. The hissing sound
got a bit louder and Stephen nearly fainted as his/her nipples slowly inflated
into breasts, he panicked as his/her breasts pumped up from nothing to a D-cup
in a few strokes.

“What are you doing, lemme go! Ariel, come on, what the
hell’s happening to me, stop it, I’m turning into a freak, that’s not
normal... my skin is tight yet elastic. What’s with my chest...  I’m
getting boobs. Make it stop!!!” he/she said, panicking.

“I thought you’d like that, I’m making your fantasy
come true, no? Didn’t you want to be a girl when you watched porn movies?”
she asked calmly, still pumping air in his/her pussy.

“Well... yeah, but not like that, I mean I never
thought about my real life as being a girl, what about my job? My social life
and stuff like that... I can’t just be made a girl like that!” he/she
protested.

“Why? You do like what you’ve become, no? You could
leave your current job and actually BE a porn star, we could make that happen...
you wouldn’t like that?” she insisted, inflating his boobs bigger still,
past the grapefruit range.

“It was just a fantasy, this is happening too quickly
and you didn’t even tell me! How selfish of you... turn me over, make me a guy
again! This is too crazy even for my twisted tastes,” he/she pleaded, trying
to push Ariel out of his/her pussy.

“What if I can’t turn you back? You’ll have to
accept your fate, right? If I can turn you back, wouldn’t you like to be
turned into a girl momentarily?” She explained.

Stephen closed his/her eyes, trying to concentrate, to
get a grip. He/she put his hands to his/her face, passing them through his long
blond hair. He/she started crying as he/she looked at them. He/she tried to
think straight, not even bothering to reply to Ariel since she kept pounding
his/her cunt. He/she brought back his/her delicate hands to his/her chest to
concentrate, unfortunately touching his/her sensitive breasts, letting out a
moan. He/she definitely could not concentrate with his/her pussy being banged
and his/her tits growing like that, he/she kept moaning uncontrollably as he/she
kept playing with his/her ever-inflating boobs.

“I see your boobs aren’t as sore as yesterday, you
like them now, huh?” she asked naughtily, well aware that Stephen couldn’t
keep his/her hands from his/her new body.

“They feel so good, uuunnnngggghhhh...” he/she
reached for Ariel butt, pulling her deeper in him/her as he/she spread his/her
legs.

He/she kept massaging one tit while spreading open
his/her pussy.  He/she screamed in
anticipation and ecstasy as Ariel grabbed onto both boobs to get a better grip
as she was starting to accelerate the pace at which she fucked her
boy/girlfriend. He/she rode the dildo for another 5 minutes until both of them
climaxed, the cock releasing a final big gush of air in him/her, making his/her
breasts stop at the size of volleyballs. Ariel got her cock out of Stephen’s
pussy who let out a little hiss of ecstasy as his pussy was still twitching from
orgasm. He/she finally opened is eyes wide enough to witness the changes in his
body. He/she stepped back, bringing his/her back to the wall, lifting and
cupping his/her tits trying to evaluate how big they were.

“Holy God, what d’you do to me, turn me back, I’m a
freak! How can I go to work like that? Every inch of my skin hurts, like it’s
too stretched, what have you done to me?” he/she asked, furious.

“Oh, relax will you, your skin is tight cuz I just
blown up your tits to a size I thought you’d like, that was the biggest it
would go to... plus we both came so I stopped there.”

“Like??? I look like a damn freak! Do I have to remind
you that I’m a boy?”

“Well, I don’t see much boy in you except for that
dick of yours, you’d have less of a hard time going around telling people
you’re a girl.” she explained.

Stephen shook his/her head in denial, making his/her
boobs wiggle with the motion. Wiping the tears from his/her cheeks, he/she
asked:

“Can you turn me back? Can it be done? Will you?”
he/she asked.

“Well, yes I can. See, what I’ve done is change the
original cum we had bought with hormonal cum, so each time I came on you, the
place where the cum penetrated was feminized, didn’t you notice your body was
getting more feminine in the last month? That’s why I kept from cumming on
your face and your pussy area until yesterday, so you would only see the effect
this morning.  Basically I can cum
on your boobs and face, having that turn back to normal so you could at least go
back to work without drawing suspicion to yourself and then gradually I could
cum again on your body over a month and turn you back into a full man. But since
we have the weekend for ourselves... I thought we could enjoy your new body?”
she asked coyly.

Stephen lifted his/her head, his/her nose and eyes puffed
and red from having cried. He/she looked at her, eyes widening in hope.

“So you can turn me back?  Then I guess we could fool around a bit, I must admit it’s different to
have sex that way.  “ she said as
she finally accepted her female body and condition... for the weekend. She wiped
her nose with a tissue and looked down at her tits, smiling. “They’re
beautiful, you know what? I look like that Vicki girl from our movie.” she
said as she cupped her boobs, looking at herself in the mirror in front of the
bed, her dick upright from the arousal of looking at herself. “I look hot... I
guess I should say thanks for letting me explore my fantasy, right?”

“It would be appreciated.” Ariel said, smiling.
“You know what’s been going through my mind before I bought the new dildo
and my latex dress last week?” she continued.

“No, what is that?” Stephen asked, her head cocked to
the side as she was putting up her hair in a ponytail. “You got an elastic for
my hair?”

“Well I was really hoping you didn’t protest too much
to stay as a woman for at least the weekend because I bought this really
expensive rubber gown for you too so we could both dress-up. I got your dress
the same size as me, so your titties might give some major cleavage and look
like they are overflowing. It’s the same dress, except mine’s dark green and
yours is pewter-colored... wouldja like to put it on?” Ariel asked as she gave
Stephen an elastic.

“Yeah!!! Gimme, you remembered a month ago when I said
that I would wear some if I were a woman?” she asked as Ariel nodded to the
question and left to get the dress.

After some squeaking noises came from the walk-in closet,
the door opened up to Ariel dressed in her latex gown, the skirt a bit lifted
from the strap-on pushing on it. She presented the gown to Stephen who looked at
her with lust. Stephen went in the closet, closing the door behind her. A few
squeaking rubber sounds came from the closet, Stephen also let out a few
struggling sounds, not really used to putting on plastic clothes, she finally
got in her dress correctly but struggled a bit more to fit her volleyball-sized
assets in it. The door opened to a magnificent vixen, Ariel was surprised and
licking her lips in anticipation, looking at the bulge in Stephen’s skirt, as
she was obviously aroused by her new experience.

“You like it? How do I look?” she asked.

Ariel was really astounded, “You were right Stephen,
huge boobs are really a nice thing to look at... mind if I touch ‘em?” she
asked. “While we’re at it, do you mind if we find you a female name for the
weekend?”

Stephen merrily hopped to Ariel, bouncing on her way. She
bent over a bit, presenting her overflowing cleavage to Ariel.

“Stephen... Stephen, you know that doesn’t sound
right at all.
Call me Tiffany,” she said, smiling.

Ariel looked at her girlfriend, putting both hands on her
cleavage, she started playing with Tiffany’s flesh balloons, drawing circles
on her skin and down to their latexed surface.  Tiffany
closed her eyes and bit her lower lip, taking her hands to the neck line of her
gown which was pretty low-cut, she pulled on the neckline enough to squeeze her
tits through, having them rest over the neckline, in all their glory for Ariel
to play with. Instead of cupping or squeezing them, Ariel went for the nipple
with her tongue, licking it sensuously, taking it into her mouth. She suckled on
it like a baby, licking all over the tit, burrowing her face in it, then
suckling some more as she handled the free boob with her left hand.

Tiffany closed her eyes, hissing from the pleasure, she
pushed her funbags together, pushing them in Ariel’s face. She held Ariel’s
face on her breast as Ariel lifted the skirt with her free hand and started
stroking Tiffany’s cock. She changed from one boob to the other after a few
more minutes of suckling, changing left hand from tit to dick and vice-versa.
Tiffany moaned and yelped in her girly voice as she was getting jacked-off,
licked and suckled. She grabbed her free tit and licked it, sucking hard on the
nipple. She started breathing heavily as Ariel grabbed both melons with her
hands and went for the cock with her mouth, putting the skirt over her head.

Tiffany pushed on the latex where Ariel’s head was,
locking her mouth on her dick. It didn’t take much more of this for Ariel to
feel Tiffany’s body getting stiff and then spurting something that seemed like
a gallon in her mouth. She almost choked on it as she couldn’t swallow it
quicker than it came out of Tiffany’s penis, so she overflowed and let it drip
all over her chin and in her cleavage. Tiffany backed up, turned over and lay
down on the bed, exhausted.

“Wow, I don’t think I ever came that hard. The
funbags you gave me really add to the experience,” she explained. Ariel looked
at her with a jizzed grin on her face, winking at her lover.

“You’re beautiful, I really like your body better as
a girl, can we keep it?” she pleaded.

“Whoa! I don’t think that’s wise... let us go
through the weekend and we’ll see but I don’t see a lot of chances of me
wanting to stay like that... I look way too much like a freak of nature. A sexy
freak I must say but still, I feel odd with this,” she answered.

Ariel pouted at the answer. Both stood up and went to
wash their respective bodies from the morning’s action. When they were done
they both put their rubber dresses back on. Then the day went on normally,
watching TV or doing chores, dressed to kill. They smelled sex and they liked
it. Ariel was actually happy to be wearing rubber clothes and felt nice and sexy
in them. Tiffany, on her hand, was rather enjoying her body when she wasn’t
actually paying attention to the part of her that reminded her that she was
really a boy.

Ariel changed in the middle of the day because she said
she had some errands to run. So she put on civvies and took the car.  Tiffany
stayed home and masturbated... both her pussy and dick, taking small pauses when
she was about to cum to play with her boobs long enough for the pressure to come
down, then she went back at it. Her new body proved addicting and she couldn’t
get enough of it. Her sex drive was now twice as big as it was before since she
had two sex organs to speak of now. She was so busy playing with herself for the
fourth time in the day that she didn’t hear Ariel coming back.

Ariel had gone and bought a new pouch of fake cum from
her specialized dealer. She had made the mixture out of the hormonal cum and the
new one and filled a brand new cum-tank. The tank itself was bigger than the old
one and compressed the cum so she could put more cum in it. She then put the
ejaculating dildo back on the strap-on belt, then she put on the belt and got
back in her plastic gown, dropping the skirt over her cock.

Ariel had just started cooking dinner when Tiffany got
out the bedroom, soaked in sweat, exhausted from her workout. She was panting,
her dick finally gone limp. She wrapped her arms around Ariel who had her back
to her, preparing dinner. Ariel smiled as she felt her lover’s globes mash
against her back. She prepared something light so they wouldn’t feel too heavy
that night from eating too much.

After supper, they both got out on the town. Ariel had
proposed Tiffany to go out in a club and show off her body. Surprisingly for
Ariel, she accepted. So both rubber lovers went downtown at this club where all
the girls are very pretty, except none of them would ever dare wear latex in
public. Tiffany was, for the first time in her lifetime, feeling invincible.
Guys and girls kept looking at the couple, some drooling and some with jealousy
in their eyes. Tiffany was a real tease for the boys, cupping and squeezing her
knockers together for maximum cleavage. Ariel was surprised when Tiffany went
outside with a guy and came back a few minutes later with glistening lips and a
grin. They danced all night and went back home.

As soon as the door closed, each jumped on the other,
Tiffany which was a bit weaker than Ariel lost the battle and ended up under
Ariel who pulled on the neckline of her dress, pulling her hooters out. She
licked and bit them hungrily, sucking on the nipples hard each time she passed
in front of them. They both couldn’t contain their urges to fuck. Tiffany
lifted Ariel’s skirt, smiling as she saw that she had already put on the
strap-on. Only this wasn’t Tiffany’s target. She looked just under it,
Ariel’s slit was shining from her flowing juices. Tiffany got hard just
looking at it and plunged her penis right in, getting all the way in with one
thrust. Ariel arched her back in ecstasy as she closed her eyes and grabbed on
to both of Tiffany’s melons. After the initial shock, she looked back at her
lover’s body, she licked her lips in anticipation as she pushed both boobies
together and dove her head into the cleavage, licking and sucking frantically
while Tiffany fucked her furiously. Tiffany was so excited from the attention
her breasts were getting that it took her less than five minutes before she came
what little she had left in her.

As soon as she was finished milking Tiffany’s tool,
Ariel didn’t even wait for her to catch her breath that she already was
pumping in and out of Tiffany’s pussy with her own dick. Tiffany rolled her
eyes and her head around on the sheets in sheer pleasure. She grabbed the sheets
in her fist and forced her farther on Ariel’s dildo. She was herself surprised
at how she couldn’t get enough of it; it felt so good that she drenched the
strap-on in her new juices. She took both her tits and shook them against
Ariel’s nipples, rubbing them uncontrollably.

When she was done with that, she took her lover’s head
and locked it to her left boob, which she was presenting her. Once Ariel was
addictively sucking on her left breast, she took her right one’s nipple and
started kneading it, playing and sucking it herself.  She had a hard time catching her breath as she kept moaning
and yelping, all the while panting heavily. She had sweat flowing down her
forehead, soaking her now very thin blond brow. Ariel was equally sweating from
the motion she was executing. Her drops of sweat fell down to Tiffany’s
latexed belly, pearling sensuously down the waterproof plastic dress.

Ariel rose from Tiffany’s chest and in a swift motion
turned around, bringing her girlfriend over her. Tiffany who was now on top,
took her lover’s D-cups out the same way hers was. She grabbed and caressed
the knockers as she started riding her. She rolled her head as she kept the
rhythm, her long hair hung down her front, tickling Ariel as their tips brushed
her nipples.  After a bit of riding,
Ariel heard a little hiss coming from the tank and felt a little warm sensation
coming from her mound just over her pussy but she dismissed it, concentrating on
making Tiffany cum. Ariel let Tiffany ride her a little more before pushing her
off her cock, she looked at her lover filled with lust.

“Suck it, honey. I’m gonna give you a cum shower...
I’m gonna drench you in it, you want it all, right?” She said as she stood
up before Tiffany, forcing her girlfriend’s head on her cock as soon as she
nodded.

She was only too happy to oblige, sucking as if her life depended on it.
She also tried tit-fucking a bit, finally bringing the plastic dick to
ejaculation. Ariel pushed her away from her and told her to move so she could
get as much as she could all over Tiffany. She didn’t quite know why she had
to do that, but Tiffany obeyed. Ariel arched her back as she came gallons all
over Tiffany’s skin as she turned about, getting it all over her hair, chest,
face, back, legs, butt, feet... she literally had it everywhere on her and she
even pulled on her dress neckline to get at least a liter in her gown, rubbing
on the dress, smearing it all over her belly.

She took off her gown quickly to
get as much as she could, then realizing that there was probably not a spot left
on her body that wasn’t covered in jizz, she put the cock in her mouth and
swallowed about two more gallons in her mouth alone. Ariel was still spasming
and the flow of cum died down. She wiped her forehead dry as she realized that
the strap-on looked sticky on her, she quickly took it off to realize that the
tank had spilled on herself. She panicked as she tried to wipe it away, only
rubbing it in without really realizing it. She kept it to herself and both stood
up to go wash.

“Oh wait,” Ariel said, smiling. “would you like to
try something out?”

“Huh, I guess so.” Tiffany answered, winking a bit
not to get cum in her eyes.

“See, you’re gonna think I won a lot of money lately
because I bought one more thing, and I’d really like you to try it. It’s
very kinky and you might like it too. First of all I want you to tell me how
much you like cum, do you like it, do you think it’s icky to have it all over
yourself?” she asked plainly.

“Oh no... I don’t think it’s icky; it’s all
slippery like oil.
It’s fun when I play with my titties with a lot of cum on
them.”

Tiffany said as she paused, realizing something “You know
what?  My vocabulary seems to be
getting sluttier by the minute since I’ve been female. Is that normal?”

“Well, I gotta tell you that nothing in the cum was
supposed to make you that way. I guess you really were a slut in a man’s body.
That might explain why you imagined yourself as a porn star... that might also
explain why you’ve done stuff way more extreme than any woman I know. Porn
stars do it for money while you did it for fun and for the love of it, it seems
like you can’t get enough of showing off how much you like sex and how
you’re ready to try anything. That makes me think, do you wanna try out what I
had planned, it’s realllllly kinky.” Ariel said.

Tiffany nodded, eyes wide and jizzed smile up to her
delicate ears.

“Okay, you wait here honey, don’t wash... just wait
for me.” She said, happy that she wanted to try it. She went out the room into
the walk-in and came out a minute later with a hooded rubber catsuit.
Tiffany’s face lit up.” Okay, so you see, I’d like you to get in that and
be completely encased in rubber. That, I’m sure you’ll like. But the thing
is, I’d like you to get in there now, still covered in my cum and I want you
to sleep wearing your cum-filled rubber pajama. Will you be a good girl and do
that for me?” she asked shyly.

Tiffany took the suit without hesitating and went into
the closet to put it on while Ariel washed the drops that fell on the carpet and
on the bed. Five minutes later, Tiffany came out the closet wearing her plastic
jammies. A smile drawn on her plastic lips.  Ariel wanted to touch badly, she ran to Ariel and started
rubbing up and down her body, feeling the normally skintight fabric shift around
on a layer of slippery jizz. She hugged and kissed her lover on the lips,
parting them apart to dart her tongue in. She caressed her hair, which came out
in a perfect ponytail from a hole at the top of the full-faced hood. The only
holes in the garment were for her mouth, nostrils, eyes and hair, the rest was
completely closed from outside, keeping the jizz inside.

They embraced each other’s body and Tiffany lay down on
the bed, exhausted from a total day of sex, dancing and more sex. She fell
asleep like a baby, her hands in fists. Although probably every girl she knew
would have thought that sleeping in a pajama filled with semen as being sick,
she loved every second of it. It sure didn’t stop her from falling soundly
asleep in a matter of seconds and having very pleasant dreams from the day she
passed.  Perhaps being a woman
wasn’t all that bad, she sure had a hard time remembering the last time she
had this much fun in a day when she used to be a guy.

Ariel, on her side, was taking a shower. She washed the
sweat she built up with the sex and wearing all that hot clothing she had been
dressed in all day. She took extra care to wash the mound of hair over her slit.
She shampooed, got out and wiped herself dry and went to bed, her arms wrapped
around her rubber-clothed girlfriend.

The morning after, a little bit after sunrise, it was
Ariel who was awakened by her lover. Tiffany was masturbating Ariel under the
sheets; she did so on purpose to wake up Ariel. Ariel opened her eyes slowly,
still a bit dazed from her night’s rest.

“Whew! Looks like someone has a case of the morning
stiffy... hee hee! Why didn’t you take off the strap-on to sleep last night,
can’t you get enough of it?” she laughed at Ariel’s apparent penis envy.

Ariel, on the other hand, didn’t see anything funny in
that as she had taken off the dildo the night before. Her eyes widened as she
tossed the sheets off her, discovering what the cum that had spilled on her
mound had left. Sure enough, and like she feared even though she kind of wanted
it to happen, she now had a dick.  And
a cute one at that, feminine although undoubtedly male.  Tiffany
smiled, only her teeth appearing amidst her otherwise completely shiny, black
surface. It was more like the contrary for her lover who seemed a bit upset to
say the least, sitting upright, looking at it. She tried pulling it off gently
only to realize that it was stuck there, obviously. The irony clearly didn’t
please her, and for a good reason.

“Don’t sweat it, it’s beautiful... and just like
me, we can just cum there again and it will disappear, making you a woman again.  Keep it for the weekend? Just for
meeeee? Please?” she asked, enthusiastic.

“Of... huh... course. Honey, I have no choice but to
tell you now. I’ll have to keep it since the cum won’t reverse nothing, I
told you that yesterday because I wanted you to stop worrying about it and try
to see how fun you’re new body could be... I think that turned out pretty
well, but I didn’t expect to end up with a dick myself. Which is why I spent
about an hour in the shower yesterday, praying for the cum that had spilled
there to be completely washed away. I guess I’m paying the price now.” she
admitted shyly.

“So you mean I’m stuck in this body?” she asked
worriedly, cupping her boobs for emphasis.

“That’s.... pretty much it, except I’ve done more
to you... but I’ll let you find that out in due time... you could like it, I
hope you do.” she answered, tears welling at her eyes, ready to cry. “I’m
sorry, I just... I mean... I didn’t want to make you unhappy it’s just that
transforming you was getting addictive and I kinda knew you could like it since
it was a fantasy of yours.” she said between sobs as she broke down and cried
her eyes out.

“It’s okay I guess... I’ve got a lot of things that
I wanted, I mean, you wore latex for me... I wore some, you even made me a
she-male like I fantasized about, although a sluttish one but you say that’s
entirely me and not your changes that made me that way. I took a freaking cum
shower and even slept in plastic jammies still covered in it for crying out
loud. I wouldn’t have done it if it repulsed me that much. Maybe I just
didn’t see myself living that way for the rest of my life... but it ain’t so
bad.” she said looking at Ariel’s face lighting up a bit more, wiping her
tears away.

“Really? And you don’t think I’m a freak for having
a dick?” she asked, her eyes red and puffy from all those tears.

Tiffany looked at her with a puzzled look. “Just look
at me...  I’m a black rubber
covered slut with volleyballs on my chest and a dick above my pussy... and I’m
supposed to be male above all.  How
in the world could I even start considering you like a freak.”

Tiffany looked at her with a smile, proving that no
matter how their bodies had changed they were still the couple they were before,
even though they might be called lesbians now it made perfect sense to them
since they didn’t feel less in love than before. If anything, they were more
in love than they’d ever been and their sex life was getting something
comparable to a hurricane of fresh air. A month ago, Stephen and Ariel had
argued about a simple piece of kinky rubber, but now everything seemed the way
it should have been from the beginning between Tiffany and Ariel. Ariel wore
latex and liked it and Tiffany turned out the way she fantasized of being. As
the thoughts quickly went into the “Case closed” folder in her head, she
paused, smiling she turned to her girlfriend.

“You know what would feel good right now?” she asked
her lover, twirling the ponytail of hair that came out the top of her hood with
her fingers.

“No, what? “ she wiped her noses and her cheeks,
regaining her composure.

“This!” Tiffany said as she shifted herself in front
of her lover, holding both her boobs, each well-defined by the skintight suit
she had on.

She plunged Ariel’s cock in her cleavage, smiling
broadly. Ariel yelped and moaned as she felt what it was like to have a cock for
the first time. She felt the soft, cushy, rubber-covered hooters embrace her
penis ever so gently. Tiffany then squeezed them together around Ariel’s pole,
feeling the latex shift from the still slippery layer of cum covering the inside
of the suit. She felt her breasts still as firm as they were the day before,
only she could easily cleave into them, like they were empty of substance and
full of air. She liked the feeling of lightness they had, it made her horny as
she started masturbating Ariel’s manhood with her funbags. Being her first
time, Ariel couldn’t stand that treatment long before shooting sperm into her
friend’s mouth who kept sucking on the head as it came up her cleavage.  She
then lay back in bed, tired and panting from her first “male” orgasm, her
dick limp after giving everything it had in store.  Tiffany
lifted her globes up to her mouth, licking every drop she had missed that had
fallen on her bosom.

“That was fun! I think I’m gonna like being a girl
after all, I think it suits me better. What do you think?” Tiff asked
playfully.

“You were undoubtedly a she-male in a guy’s body all
along... for all I know, I must’ve been in love with a girl for the last three
years without really knowing it. I don’t think you’ve ever been anything
but, you were just convinced you were a guy because society told you so... maybe
genetics didn’t help either. But it’s become obvious that you were just a
slutty tease waiting to happen. I can’t think of a better way to describe
you.” she smiled and caressed the V shape at the top of Tiffany’s cleavage
sensuously.

“Can I take off the pajama now? I wanna touch how
smooth I am now because cum is good for the skin.” she said eagerly
anticipating to play with herself since she couldn’t put anything inside her
since she had no holes in her suit to access her important holes.  The only place a prick could enter was in her mouth, which was
fine, but she just couldn’t pass up the opportunity to use her new assets.

“Hummm. Yeah, I guess you can take it off, your skin
should be...plenty smooth.” she told her, a bit nervous to see her take it
off.

Tiffany smiled, “Yay!” she chanted as she bounced to
demonstrate her happiness.

She undid the zipper at the back of her neck and made it
go down, it easily slid down from the slipperiness of it. She looked at herself
in the mirror, glistening with jizz; she stepped off the garment that lay around
her feet. Ariel handed her a towel, biting her nails, nervously waiting for the
results. Tiffany wiped feverishly, the towel getting heavy from the quantity it
was absorbing until it was soaked up completely. She looked at herself in the
mirror, dropping the towel to her side, she cocked her head as she looked at her
body and tried to comprehend. She was still shiny.

“Honey? Why is my skin still shiny? Is it all oily
still? Maybe if I took a shower? Right?” she asked a bit nervous.

“Well, that’s what I was talking about when I said I
had done more than make you a girl, you see...” grabbing her arm to comfort
her, her fingers actually squeaking against Tiffany’s skin. “...you see I
kinda...well... maybe I went overboard with your transformations, because maybe
you wouldn’t have had problems fitting in society as a busty girl...but now?
Okay, here goes! I guess what I’m trying to say is that the cum bath you slept
in has turned your skin to plastic... aaauuuurrrrgh, this is so hard. Bottom
line, you’re now made of rubber, your filled with nothing else but air, your
bones and organs are gone. The best I could describe you would be... well...
you’re my own living inflatable rubber doll. I’m sorry,” she said, again
tears were coming to her eyes. “I don’t deserve you, I made you a girl and
still you love me and you even tit-fucked me... but I knew that even then you
had slept in your cum-filled jammies and it was already too late to tell you,
you should just dump me for transforming you into a doll” she cried
remorsefully.

Tiffany looked at her skin, touching it; it was so smooth
to the touch. She had always liked the look and feel of latex, now her skin was
made of the stuff. She pressed on her boobs, cleaving her fingers in her own
skin, she could mash them real hard and didn’t feel any pain. She grabbed her
arm and squeezed it; she could touch her index and her thumb together through
her arm.  Indeed she didn’t have
anything but air inside her body.

She drew a smile on her lips at all the possibilities.
“You know what?” she asked, looking at her shiny self in the mirror, same
appearance as before only way shinier and slippery. Ariel shook her head no.
“I’m looking at myself right now... and I must say I’ve seen inflatable
dolls before, only I’ve never seen one that looks as damn good as I do. You
did a magnificent job,” she said, bending her arms, legs and generally moving
around, analyzing her new body.

She walked around the room and could hear her legs and
arms squeak as she moved. She walked to Ariel, caressing her cheek with her
plastic hands, trying in vain to wipe the tears from her eyes since water
didn’t cling to her skin. She looked deep into her lover’s eyes and told
her:

“I love it!” she said, lustfully looking into her
eyes. “I have no idea how day to day life will be like, but I love what
you’ve done to me.”

Ariel was getting her smile back, then Tiffany tried
jumping on her to make her fall on the bed, but Ariel caught her mid-flight and
held on to her, with no effort. Ariel was holding Tiffany up with one hand.

“Oh yeah, I’m an air-filled doll... forgot that”
she said as she wrapped her legs around Ariel’s waist, held there with no
effort, she looked with lust in her eyes.

Ariel threw herself on the bed with Tiffany still
attached to her waist. They rolled around laughing, eventually curling up
against each other in a ball, sleeping the rest of the morning away.  Across
the room, the pajamas she had taken off were still laying on the floor.

Sunday afternoon started brightly for Ariel after her
doll girlfriend had given her another tit-fuck/blowjob to wake her up.  She
couldn’t get enough of her new female body and it showed, as she was very
eager to please, doing nasty things that normal girls wouldn’t. Basically she
figured she’d do anything she ever wished a girl would have done for her when
she was a guy. Ariel then got up and put some clothes on, as she had to go to
the grocery store. Tiffany did the same, only she went into the closet and
looked at her side of the closet where her guy clothes used to be. Ariel had
changed all that, it really showed that she was prepared for that as she had
already switched her to girly, sexy clothes. And expensive ones at that, all
plastic rubber. She had all designs at her disposal, only it was latex. So she
put on a pink tank top and short skirt. She looked like she was wrapped in
bubblegum. She shimmied into the kitchen, looking at her lover.

“So, how do I look?” she asked, not totally confident
with her ability to dress as a girl.

“Well, I must say that you’ll probably never figure
out how to dress properly as a woman. But it’s not like I gave you the clothes
to do so. I’d say you make a pretty good slut though.  Whatever you can match in this wardrobe I got custom made for
you is gonna make you look like a sex-starved bimbo. Even those office-looking
blouse are made of shiny white rubber. There’s just no avoiding it I think...
but I don’t think you mind that much, right?” she said.

“Oh no... I love it, I look so sexy. Who wants to look
normal anyways? I really adore the clothes you’ve had made for me. Only one
thing troubles me?” Tiffany asked.

“What is that?”

“It’s the boobs... they are big, not huge but big
nonetheless. I was wondering why you gave me big boobs; I mean I’m the breast
woman, not you as far as I know. So why’d you make me so big?” she pondered.

“You complaining?”

“Rrrrrriiiiigggghhhhttttt! Me? Complaining? After all
I’ve been through I’d start complaining about the rack, which I can’t keep
my hands off. It’s not that, it’s just.... you know?” she cocked her head
as if Ariel was supposed to know.

“Okay, you’re right. I did do it for you because I know
you are a
big boob lover, but I kinda got a crush on Vicki in our
movie
since you told me you liked her. I guess you kinda turned
me into a big boob freak too.” she shyly admitted

“Oh, is that so? Then might I ask the same question you
asked me the night I told about Vicki? How big does my sweetheart likes her
titties?” she teased.

“Let me blow you... er... I mean show you,” she said,
slowly coming up to her lover, kissing her lips and biting them.

She licked her neck as she went down it’s length,
kissing and biting her shoulders as she got there. She grabbed her by the torso,
pushing her fingers in with ease, laughing at the though that she was so light
and that she had no bones inside her. She felt like she was playing with a toy,
she could hug her and squeeze her torso until her hands met through her rubber
skin and Tiffany didn’t feel any pain, she just felt nice being handled like
the toy she was.

Smiling at her plaything, Ariel lifted Tiffany by the
torso with ease, bringing her plastic flesh-balloons up to her face. She mashed
the knockers against her face, licking and sucking on each rubber nipple. She
smiled, amused as Ariel’s cock was resting between her tits at the height she
was holding her. She slowly moved her up and down, still holding by the torso so
her dick would ride up and down her cleavage teasingly. Tiffany moaned, putting
her hands on Ariel’s head and pushing herself up, bringing her rod to her
lover’s lips. It didn’t take much to get the message through, not even a
second had elapsed and she had Tiffany’s prick banging the back of her throat
as she held her up by the ass, pushing her girlfriend’s tool in and out of her
own mouth.

“Mmmmmmhhhh.... ungh...” Tiffany tried speaking but
could only bite her lower lip in pleasure, “you never.... aah.... did answer
my ... oooohh... question.” she managed to say between hisses and gasps of
excitement.

Ariel looked at her like she was being an impatient child
and pulled the latex penis out of her mouth with a nasty, very wet slurping
sound. A thread of saliva hung from the underside of her pole to her lips,
finally breaking and landing on her chin. This turned on Tiffany who thought
Ariel looked like she had just swallowed a bucket of cum and couldn’t swallow
it all. She held one arm on her butt cheeks and put her other hand on her
significant other’s back, walking up to their room and laying her slowly onto
bed. She gave her doll’s dick a few strokes of her hand as she licked and
kissed the folds of her new vagina.  Tiffany
moaned as she felt warm lips wrap around her clit, she had never had her pussy
eaten before. She felt a few licks on her clit, a few suckles, but her eyes went
wide when Ariel placed her mouth a little bit lower, over her opening, and blew
hard. She felt the air run through her whole body and felt the hot breeze end
it’s journey in her jugs.

“What are you doing?” she asked in panic
.

Lifting her head up, Ariel said “Let’s just say I’m
answering your question... had I answered verbally, that would have translated
as ‘You’re not big enough for me yet!’” she explained as she put her
head back in place and inhaled deeply.

She blew all she had in her lungs into her lover. Tiffany
shivered as she felt the air travel through her body and started feeling her
skin getting tight. Her breasts got taut and were standing out proudly and
spherically. Ariel didn’t even look up and took another breath as she started
fingering her friend’s clit and stroking her cock while she blew more than
once into her. Tiffany closed her eyes and bit her lips, cupping and holding her
tight boobs, actually feeling them getting larger.  She kept dreaming of larger funbags as she hadn’t actually
told Ariel that there was no such thing as too big for her.

A little blowing later, Ariel was licking up her doll’s
juices and stroking her cock to orgasm. As the orgasm hit, Tiffany jerked from
the double pleasure she was getting and bucked around on the bed, taking her
lover out of her lustful trance. Ariel backed away, so she wouldn’t get hurt
by one of Tiffany’s flailing limbs. She looked at her and realized how far she
had gone, she was so blinded by desire a few moments before that she hadn’t
given any attention to her masterpiece. Same thing for Tiffany, after her
orgasm, she tried pushing herself up in a sitting position but had trouble doing
so as she opened her eyes and saw she had her hooters inflated to something like
one foot large each. She rubbed her eyes in amazement and ran her hands all over
them, caressing them and feeling their size, a hollow rubber balloon sound
coming from the both of them.

“WOW! I don’t know what to say...” She said
excitedly. “they are wonderful!”

“Geez... you sure I didn’t make them too big, I’m
sorry.” she apologized.

“Don’t apologize... I hope you like them this big
honey cuz I wanna keep ‘em like that... WOW!” she exclaimed herself as she
kept running her hands over them.

She stood up, rubbed the cum she had just gushed all over
her belly. She then got on her knees, bending until she rested on her boobs
alone, making her hands free to caress her own rubber body.  She
turned her head to her lover and raised her ass.

“You haven’t fucked my ass as much since I’ve had
my pussy, I’d like you to make me cum again, honey.”

Ariel rolled her eyes. “You slut! You just can’t be
satisfied, can you?”

Tiffany just answered by shaking her ass a little more
teasingly, backing herself up to Ariel’s dick, nestling it in her ass crack.  “Come
on! Don’t leave me like this, you know you want to.”

“I really gotta get more people around if I’m to
actually go to work tomorrow, or else I might come back home and see your juices
dripping on anything that remotely looks like a dick.”

Tiffany just laughed at the comment and tapped her butt
against Ariel’s dick once again. “Less talking, more screwing. Stop the idle
chit-chat and fuck me.”

“Ah well... since I got you the way I wanted I must say
I don’t regret getting a dick of my own.” she said as she penetrated the
slippery plastic ass eagerly waiting for her rod.

She rocked back and forth on her huge bosoms until both
came. She clung to her tits like she would have done with the sheets had she had
the presence of mind to have her hands on them. With a banshee scream she
collapsed, rolling to one side. She fell asleep in less than a minute after
catching back her breath, lying on her back, her jugs standing proudly one foot
over her chest, perfectly taut and spherical.

The weeks passed and Tiffany called to tell her boss she
quit.  She got at least a daily fuck
out of Ariel or whoever she brought back home. She found out that she could
deflate her plastic flesh but decided to keep them at a comfortable foot large
each, even though she and Ariel made her knockers three feet large for a weekend
of sex. They both thought they should do that again another time and make her
even bigger. All of these events bring us back to the present day. People were
looking at Tiffany and her shiny skin, guys didn’t even bother being subtle
about outright staring at her chest, which she had deflated to volleyball size,
strictly a matter of crowd control she thought.  She walked downtown until she met with Ariel at the entrance
to a rather large building.

“So, you ready to do this, honey?” asked Ariel,
opening the door to her lover.

“I’ve been losing sleep over this, let’s go
already, I can’t stand it anymore!” she exclaimed, a broad smile over her
lips.

They got up to the fourteenth floor in the elevator were
greeted by a large man at the top.

“Hello ladies, the name is Brian Syzlack, I’m the
owner of this fine establishment. I’m thrilled to meet you at last, after all
you told me, I’m eager to see what all the fuss is about.” he said,
extending an arm for a handshake. “Would you two please follow me to my
office?”

The girls followed and entered the nicely furnished
office, long couches and even a bed littered the large room.

“Okay...Tiffany? That’s your name, right?” he asked boldly
.

Tiffany nodded with a smile.

“I’d like it if you could take off your clothes and
let me see you naked.” he ordered.

She was happy to oblige, dropping her professional
looking white rubber blouse and navy blue knee-long latex skirt. She stood
there, sticking her chest out proudly, holding her hands behind her back. Her
cock was semi-hard standing at 90 degrees for all to see.

“Uhhhhmmmm... thanks but I meant fully nude, could you
take off the catsuit too?” he said looking at her shiny self.

“I can’t, sorry.”

“Why is that, there’s gotta be a zipper somewhere...
are you like... burnt or disfigured under that?” he asked out of curiosity.

“Ahem, I thought I had told you on the phone. Sorry
about letting that one slip by, actually, what you are referring to as her
catsuit happens to be her skin.” Ariel explained.

“How can that be? Not sure I’m following you...” he
looked at her with an odd expression.

“Just grab my arm as hard as you can, you’ll see,”
she asked as Brian did so, his eyes widening. “So you see, you could probably
describe me best as being a living rubber she-male doll.”

Brian seemed astounded. Ariel moved up to Tiffany and
grabbed her tits.

“I’m sorry, she’s not as busty as I had told you on
the phone, we had to deflate her to get here without causing major car
wrecks.” with that said, she looked into her girlfriend’s eyes and got on
her knees in front of her.

She took her whole plastic dick in her mouth and started
bobbing her head and lips on it, making her lover close her eyes and moan. She
arched her back and grabbed her tits when Ariel finally started blowing her,
literally. Ariel blew into Tiffany’s shaft, inflating her balloons in front of
the CEO. She stopped at about a foot and a half each. She got up and wiped her
lips from all the saliva.

“There, about a foot and a half, even bigger than I had
told you, we even went to three feet once, and we don’t know how big she can
go. Basically, you can blow into her cock, ass, pussy our mouth, or whatever
other orifice you can find to make her chest balloons inflate to the desired
proportions.” she explained.

Brian felt faint, “Boy, you girls are gonna be rich...
do you actually know the potential this girl has? I can already see the
titles... Inflatable Rubber She-male, Living Rubber Chick With A Dick, Tiffany
The Living Doll... heck you’re hired, can you start today? We already have a
movie shoot but we can always change the title and story a bit to revolve around
your character instead of Vicki’s one.” he asked, eager to sign the
contract.

“Vicki’s in that movie? Wow... my idol; will I get to
fuck her?  Sign me up!” she said,
jumping around in delight, her boobs so taut that they hardly bounced.

Brian jumped with her and hugged her in his arms,
squashing her boobs against his chest, kissing her on the cheeks. “You are
gonna be a star, here, follow me.” he said, taking her by the arm. She
followed him until they got into the studio. Ariel seemed awkward, like
something was making her uncomfortable.

Brian got to Vicki and brought her to the couple.
“Tiffany, I present you Vicki. Vicki, this is Tiffany, probably your greatest
fan and this is...” pointing Ariel.

“Ariel!” Vicki said.

“You two know each other?” asked Tiffany as she
turned to an awkwardly smiling Ariel.

“Let’s just say she’s an old flame, so I see
you’ve outdone yourself Ariel. Back when we dated, volleyballs was the biggest
you could make breasts inflate... or maybe those are just balloons stuck under
her catsuit?” asked Vicki.

“Actually, this is not a catsuit, Vicki. That’s her
skin... she got turned into a living rubber doll somehow.” explained Brian.  “She
can do some pretty interesting stuff and she’s eager to suck and get fucked by
you.”

Tiffany nodded with enthusiasm.

“I wouldn’t mind taking a shot at you either, how
about it Mr.
Syzlack? Can I play in the movie?” pleaded Ariel.

“Well... I don’t think so, I’m sorry to say that
this movie was going to be chicks with dicks only,” Brian said.

Ariel lifted her skirt and took off her panties revealing
a semi-erect cock.

“So?” she demanded. “I can even get implants if you
want a big tit production or somehow get myself the rubber look and inflate them
like Tiffany.”

“MMMmmmmhhhh... well, everything should be okay for
today. As for the implants or blown-up tits, we’ll see another time,” he
said.  “Okay people, we start
shooting in five, everyone in place.”

The crew got to their position and the studio went quiet.

Three months after, a certain Tiffany was declared:
"The Rubber She-male that turned the industry upside down, Tiffany stars in
Inflatable Rubber She-male.”

....The End, for now
