---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Stables
authors:
- Rupes
tags:
- MF-f
- sbf
- cuffs
- caught
- stable
- straps
- leather
- stirrups
- bond
- oral
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2014-09-10 00:00:00
---

Tanya and I had decided to take riding lessons, Tania wanted to go because she wanted to firm up her bum and loved to ride, and she had also heard that it is great exercise for pelvic floor muscles making sex even better. I had agreed to go with her as I love girls in tight clothing and boots, and I had been given the task of buying our kit. Tania was wearing tight polo shirt, with black jodhpurs, now I had spent a small fortune on these as the seat was made from real leather. I had also bought her the most expensive riding boots I could find and they fitted perfectly sitting just below her knee. She looked amazing.

We noticed one stable girl there who was quite cute, in her mid-twenties, blond hair, blue eyes, about a size 8 with small breasts but a really nice firm bum. She stood out to us for two reasons, firstly she wore tight brown leather chaps, and secondly she spent a lot of time in the tack room cleaning all the straps and saddles. Being a fetish couple we soon realised that there may be a kinky side hiding here, so we started to hatch our devilish plan.

Tania being the more dominant of the two of us always carried in her purse a pair of fairly unremarkable silver chain link handcuffs, she would often arrest me in the most inappropriate places, she thrived on my humiliation at times, but she was amazing in bed and funny with it, not to mention sexy as hell, I also liked the feeling of everyone looking at us.

Our plan was simple, we knew from a previous mix up that we had one key that would slip into the lock of the cuffs but would simply not turn as the bottom part was just too large, it was a key from a slightly different manufacturer. So our plan would be that Tania dropped her bag in front of this girl, ensuring that the handcuffs and incorrect key would fell out, along with other bits and bobs. She would then pick everything back up shove it all in say to the girl would you mind popping this in the tack room as we are slightly late. We thought that curiosity would get the better of the stable girl.

We headed off to our hour long lesson, this involved a long ride in the countryside, and we knew from experience that as this was a Wednesday afternoon the stables would be empty apart from the stable girl once we and our riding instructor left.

We returned an hour later on the dot, there was no sign of the stable girl, so our instructor told us to un-tack the horses and put the saddles back in the tack room. We walked in and it was empty. Tania closed the door and we placed our saddles on the racks. Tania looked at me and said the scent of leather in this room always made her horny as hell. She kissed me, "Let’s go to yours before my sister gets back", Tania is my sister-in-law, and we often had sex especially after riding.

At this point Tania grabbed her bag and looked inside, she looked over at me, "Looks like our plan worked" she said with a smile. "Come out wherever you are" she said loudly.

The stable girl appeared from behind a tack stand. Her hands behind her back. "I just wanted to try, but the key did not work" she turned around, her hands were starting to go blue. "They just got tighter the more I tried to get out!"

Tania quickly found the right key and loosened the cuffs but left them on firmly, she then double locked them. She looked the girl up and down, "I think we need to talk to the owner" Tania said in a disapproving tone.

"No, please, I’ll do anything" the girl pleaded.

Tania locked the tack room door, unlocked the cuffs and ordered the girl to strip which she did. "Now put back on the chaps only", again the girl looked a bit confused and then did as she was told. The chaps left her perfect bum out and her bits easily accessible.

There was a large wide beam in the centre of the tack room which was used to hang the saddles over whilst they were being cleaned but today it was empty. Tania got two sets of stirrups with leathers and threw them over the beam about 1m apart. She then ordered the girl to lay on her back along the beam. Grabbing lots of leather bridal belts Tania had quickly secured her booted feet below the bar, strapped her knees so that her legs were apart and then put another belt around her waist and one just below her bust. She then pulled out the handcuffs and fastened the girl’s hands around the beam behind her back, she was stuck.

Tania removed her boots and jodhpurs, she was not wearing underwear as she preferred the feeling of the leather against her, and she then slipped her boots back on. Carefully she straddled the beam and put one booted foot in the each of stirrups that were laid over the beam just below the girl’s neck, she then carefully lowered herself on the girls face and began grinding away. She motioned for me to do the same, which I did.

My set of stirrups were just below the girls bum putting me in just the right place to slide into her so I could have sex with her but it left me and Tania close enough to kiss. We banged away at the girl for about 30 minutes. The girl had spent most of that time peaking from orgasm to orgasm, along with Tania. Once I had cum hard in to the girl we both got off, got dressed, Tania undid the handcuffs and put them back into her bag.

She looked at the girl, "Right, you can get yourself out of the rest."

The girl was still panting heavily, but began tugging at the straps.

"Better wait until she is out" I said to Tania.

It took her about 5 minutes to free herself, she was a bit unsteady on her feet but managed to get dressed, we were just about to leave when the girl walked over to us. "Excuse me," she said politely, "Are you coming back next week?" she blushed.
