---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Night of Many Showers
authors:
- FG Dickens
tags:
- M/m
- mum
- bond
- wrap
- tape
- breathplay
- sendep
- gag
- buttplug
- anal
- objectify
- reluct
- cons
- X
date: 2025-10-02 00:00:00
---

### Part 1

There's something I've always wanted to try: mummification. The whole nine yards, head to toe, sensory deprivation, and being ignored like a good little object. That day was to be the day.

It all started at the crossroads of opportunity and desire, I had a rare weekend off with no plans and I was feeling really… submissive. Long story short, and although I can recommend the experience, I cannot recommend you do this at home or elsewhere: I put out a request on a fetish community website. That's how I got to know him. The kinda weirdo to respond to an ad about wrapping a dude up.

Couple things right off the bat, I'm not gay. I hate everything about men. No, this was purely kink. No sexualised element. Just wrap me up, leave me a bit, fuck with my head, then so long, sayonara! But that's just not how it went…

We got to talking. He'd had minimal experience with it but greatly enjoyed the control. We just talked. What did I like about it, what kinda positions would I like to try, and so on, he even sent his address before we even agreed to anything. So, I checked it out online, looked good! Safe neighbourhood, nothing sketchy, looked like a normal family home - which it was.

Then he asked for a preference sheet. I decided to be honest:

> *Yes, do:*
>
> * *Mummification*
>
> * sensory deprivation
>
> * 'drive me crazy'/mindfuck/trickery
>
> * neglect play/'ignoring' objectification
>
> *Yes, if you want:*
>
> * *light CBT*
>
> * electro play (curious, no experience)
>
> * anal play (toys)
>
> * tease, edge, denial
>
> *No, but sure (if you want to degrade me):*
>
> * *larger toys*
>
> * breath control (light!)
>
> * impact play (light)
>
> * gags
>
> *No:*
>
> * *bodily fluids*
>
> * permanent or long-term harm
>
> * Needles
>
> * breaking consent

He was respectful… asked me a couple clarifying questions and asked about some things I omitted, all good. Then he said, "I'll do it all, but can I fuck you?"

I… didn't know what to say. The thought of getting fucked by a man, yuck, but at the same time… that's incredibly degrading and objectifying… I told him I couldn't say now but would let him know tonight.

Anyway, because I was expecting some fun anal play either way, I did end up getting cleaned up before setting out on the just over an hour drive out of state. I was… nervous, when I arrived. Nervous and stirred, simultaneously loving and regretting putting the (small) buttplug in before leaving - especially on speed bumps!

When I pulled up, I texted him. "I'm out front, just to let you know, I sent a friend your address and if I don't call them from home at a set time (reasonable including travel based on our agreement), they'll call police on you. Not a threat, just playing it safe. Safeword is 'peanut butter' or three mmms with clear, intentional headshaking. You may fuck me, just make sure to ask me before you do anything - consent. Okay? I'm… nervous"

His response was swift. "I understand. Yes, that's okay. Come in, door's out front."

This was it, I was in this strange house, in a strange town, across a border… at almost midnight. What a dumbass.

He locked the door behind me, but left the keys in the lock, "we wouldn't want any strangers coming in, but just in case you want to make a runner, I'll leave the keys in, okay?" He was kind. We both sat down and had a glass of water before I got cleaned up and emptied my bladder. We spoke about a lot, why I was into it, my experience, his experience, life. The house was giving divorced dad, which was true. He also explained he wasn't into men, but he was what they call 'heteroflexible' which for his context means 'I don't care what it is, I'll fuck what I dominate.'

Anyway, once cleaned up, we headed upstairs to get started…

---

This was it! We entered his bedroom with a big box-spring bed and a line of dressers to the side covered in toys, bondage equipment, gags, and - most importantly - tape and foil.

"So, how do you want to start?" he asked.

"Well… just the regular kind, I guess?" I responded.

"Alright, well… you want to keep your clothes on?"

"N-no, I shouldn't…" Boy was I right, it gets hot in there, you know…

I ended up keeping my undies on, uncomfortable with getting fully naked in front of this stranger. He grabbed a long coil of black foil and started with wrapping my arms, "be sure to hold your hands in a comfortable way, they'll be trapped that way until I'm done with you," sounded like helpful advice wrapped (hehe) in a playful threat. Wrapping the arms separately ensures they 'stick' to consequent wrap, keeping my arms at bay.

The plastic foil wrapped my arms to my sides, then all the way down to my ankles and all the way back up to my neck before tearing the end off. Here's everyone's favourite part: he then looked me in the eyes, grinned, and shoved me onto the bed. God, the helplessness being just tossed like that… Fantastic.

Next, he finished off my feet before returning to finish the last pesky exposed thing: my head. "This is going to block your breathing. This might be scary, but I'll still give it a couple of passes before I make a hole where your mouth is. Is that okay with you?"

"Yes."

"Are you sure? Okay, deep breath."

This was… exhilarating and a bit terrifying. Blind and waiting for a breathing hole to be produced just feeling this tight foil coil and coil again around your head…

A breathing hole in place, he roughly manoeuvred my body so that my head was on a nice, soft pillow and my feet faced the doorway. I hear tape being pulled off its roll and being attached and wrapped around my body, further limiting my mobility and prospects with shocking efficiency. Then, he paused and significantly slower cut off two strips… then wham, a palm covered my mouth and nostrils, keeping me breathless, but when he lifted the pressure, I still couldn't breathe… I could feel him watching me struggle and I can't deny… I loved it

Well, after I could breathe again, that is… "Well, I'm going to get a shower. Then I'll leave you for… what did we say again? An hour, was it? Maybe two~ Ah, whatever, not like you'd know or do anything about it! Well, see you!"

Faint footsteps and then… a showerhead. He was actually not here! I was actually mummified and entirely hopelessly restrained! I couldn't open my hands nor move my arms, the way he wrapped it made it impossible for me to fully bend my knees and neck. The only true freedom I had, for the moment, was my tongue. Just the way I wanted.

When the shower sound stopped, everything went silent for a while. I'd hear sounds on occasion, the closing of a door downstairs, the very sneaky soft movements around the room entirely shattered by the incredible noise of closing the old windows. I don't know how often he came up real close, but he did at least once. And then…

Suddenly, I felt him weigh down the bed, right next to me. This was followed by a teasing phrase like, "you still look very helpless!" He fondled my face before shoving his fingers down my throat. Unprepared and unaccustomed to, well, phallic objects in my throat, I gagged. He did this again and again, before deciding I was giving 'too much teeth' and I felt this rubber thing get fitted around my lips and teeth. A gag, it is, well, that's when I tried to get a sense of it with my tongue and found the massive hole in the middle… He sat down on top of me, holding my head still with his knees and kept training my gag reflex. I moaned my displeasure, choked away, but obeyed like a good little object anyway… A toy had by now replaced his fingers.

He grabbed something and sat back on top of me, but I could sense he'd turned around. A soft - as I would come to find - thump hit my cock before he pressed down hard. "May I take it out?"

"Mhm."

His skinsafe blade ripped through the foil safeguarding my soon to be vulnerable dick, revealing my underwear. He scooched it down my legs, gave my cock a firm but soft smack and began stroking it. I then felt something touch my lip. "Those are my balls in front of your face, lick them." He stopped stroking to make something clear, his pleasure dictated mine and so reluctantly, I stuck my tongue out.

But I couldn't do it. I did my three mmms, although they were more "hum hum hum" and he sighed, then got off me. I don't know why, but I felt the need to apologise. "Sowwy," I mumbled through the gag.

"Sorry what?"

"Sowwy I can' do i'," I responded.

"Sorry what?" he repeated.

"Fuck," I thought, it suddenly got very real. "Sowwy I can' do i', mas'a," I squeeze out.

"Good boy, that's okay," he said, but the smack to my dick said something else.

He unceremoniously flipped me over. The comfy bedsheet became a smothering, suffocating bundle of softness. For a moment, he stood watching me, clearly enjoying my laboured breathing and my efforts at straining my back in order to lift off, before sliding two soft pillows - I presume - under my chest and forehead. "That better, slave?"

"Yesh, 'ank you mas'a." I feel the skinsafe blade tearing through the tape again.

He pulled my underpants down harshly before firmly groping my butt. He stepped back to grab something. I felt him get on the bed on top of my legs and part my cheeks. "You're wearing a plug! Ha!" He slowly pulled it out, "a little one, though."

"Ungrateful," I thought, I'd worn that for almost three hours by this point. He got up again to set the plug aside on some tissue paper I heard him rip off.

The cold, viscous liquid that is lubricant hit my butthole like a lightning bolt. Suddenly, my whole body was on edge. Nervous again, but so very intrigued. I felt something press against my bud, it's latex-y, probably a condom over a dildo and fuck it's big.

He gently pushes it in. "Such a slut," he exclaims before leaning in close to my ear, "I didn't even push it all the way, you just sucked it in…"

I exclaimed my disbelief, but I knew it had to be true, after all, he could see it. He slowly worked it in and out consistently picking up the pace. After, I saw the glass dildo he'd shoved up there. It must've been about 6 inches long, thick, with a bulb up front that must've been at least an inch in radius. The glass cock functioned as a handle for a while too.

He worked it in and out and in and out, constantly stopping just as the bulb was stretching my hole. All throughout I moaned in pain and pleasure of equal measure, though I didn't know that at the time. Then, he started fully pulling it out and pushing it back in. Sometimes all the way, sometimes just the bulb. And then… the moment.

"That's my dick pressing against it now. Can I fuck you?" I couldn't believe myself, but I wanted it. The humiliation. The objectification. The position I was in, blind and immobile held down by his weight and the strength of the many layers of foil and tape, it did something to me. I needed it. I couldn't produce the words, so I just nodded, best I could, and made an affirmative "huh" sound. He was raring to go because the moment I affirmed, he slammed it in ballsdeep.

After a couple thrusts, he laid down on top of me, moaning and saying degrading things in my ear. "Fuck, that's such a tight cunt. I'm going to use you until I'm done."

I hated it. Well, I hated that I kinda loved it, despite how overwhelming it all was. I didn't complain, I didn't want to though I didn't quite figure that out yet. Thrust after thrust, moan after moan, I knew: I loved being used like this.

"Fuck you're tight!" It didn't take long before he filled up his rubber. "Fuck… That was quick." Winded, he got up off me and went to get cleaned up, leaving me to lie there and contemplate my new existence as a fuck hole.

When he came back, he removed the breathing pillows, enjoying the struggle again. I struggled my way onto my side, much to my own appreciation and pride. All to be undone by a simple, little effort of his hand. "You wanted pictures, right? Let's take them." I felt tape cover up my ass, before he flipped me over and did the same to my cock and mouth, leaving a black humanoid shape with nothing but a nose sticking out.

After the pictures were taken, he came to me and said, "I think it's time for a break, do you want out or should I leave you for another, hmm, half hour?" I really wanted to stay like that, but I knew we had more plans, and I was really thirsty and really sweaty, so I asked to be released. He complied, ripping straight through my prison from neck to toe, exclaiming amazement at the buildup of fluid all over me.

Now no longer blind and restrained, I laid winded a moment just processing it all, using my newfound freedom to feel the sweaty, clammy skin. "I think I need a shower."
