---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Beth
authors:
- Orion1701
tags:
- M-f
- cheat
- naked
- bond
- video
- caught
- revenge
- hogtie
- gag
- bfold
- spank
- tease
- denial
- nipple
- oral
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2015-07-31 00:00:00
---

Beth pulled back the curtains by the door. It's Him! She rushed to open the door standing in full view. She was naked, just as she was every time he came over. She was in full view of anyone who may glance in her direction and she loved it. The red head stepped out onto the porch wrapping her arms around him. He pulled her in kissing her powerfully in the sun light. Then he turned her around and with a swat to Beth's bare ass he sent her running back into the house.

One person had been watching. Catherine had lived next to Thomas' family and watched him grow up. She felt it was disgraceful how his young wife was behaving while Thomas was at work providing for her. Enough is enough Catherine decided as she picked up the phone.

"Thank you Mrs. Morton, I'll be home to deal with this soon". Thomas already had his computer on and was reviewing the video. He had placed web cameras at both doors, in the family room and bedroom. Mrs. Morton had called two other times and this time he wanted to be ready. He watched as his naked wife knelt at the man's feet and held out a rope to him. The man then used it to bind her hands behind her back. He wound more rope around her arms and chest framing Beth's breasts. More rope went around her ankles and knees and then up to the rope around her breasts. This pulled her feet up in back forcing Beth into a strict hogtie.

Twenty minutes later Thomas parked his car around the corner from the house. A quick check of his iphone showed that they were still together, she was still tied-up, a blindfold had been added, and Beth was on her knees giving "him" a blow job.

Thomas crossed the two back yards and entered his house through the garage. He opened the door leading into the house and there they were. The man sat in a chair with his head thrown back and his eye's closed. Beth knelt between his legs bound and was working on his cock with her mouth as if it were pure chocolate.

As he walked silently across the carpeted floor Thomas took a gun from under his coat. Taking the weapon he placed the end of the barrel into the other mans open mouth. His eyes snapped open showing pure terror as he looked up into Thomas' face. Unaware Beth continued on until a hand grabbed her hair and pulled her off of him.

With a twist of his wrist Thomas pushed his wife away to fall to the floor. To the man he said, "That's my wife dumb ass".

He tried to talk but the gun barrel made it impossible. Grabbing the man by the shirt collar he pulled him to his feet. Shoving him backwards they went through the house to the front door. Thomas slammed him against the door twice stunning him. Setting the gun aside he opened the door slamming him face first into the frame. Blood ran from his nose and a split lip as Thomas used the mans belt as a handle and sent him flying head first out into the yard.

Mrs. Morton and a couple other ladies stood by her porch as witness. As the guy hit the grass the ladies stood and began to clap their hands. Thomas waved and turned going back into the house. He still had a cheating wife to deal with. Remembering the ropes he decided that she wasn't going anywhere real soon.

First things first, Thomas put his gun away and went to the kitchen for a beer. He could see Beth struggling on the floor trying desperately to free herself. She was twisting and rolling wildly but could not find a knot or loose coil.

Beth heard the sounds from the kitchen and stopped struggling. She called out to him, "Tom,... Thomas? Help me".

Her husband walked in and sat in the chair recently abandoned by the other guy. He leaned down and pulled Beth up by her hair placing her back onto her knees.

"Ow, Thomas, untie me".

"No", Thomas said, "Let's talk for a minute".

Beth squirmed in her restraints but could not slip free. A ball gag hung on it's strap around her neck. Lifting the ball he brought it to her lips. Beth twisted trying to dodge the gag. He gave a nipple a hard squeeze making his bound wife cry out. When she did he shoved the ball gag into her mouth. Pulling her closer he buckled the gag in tight.

"I'll talk, you listen", he said. "First I've known about your boyfriend for a couple months now. I didn't care about that. However you stopped being discreet, and you brought him into my home. Three friends told me about your visitor and today it was Mrs. Morton. Today I had to take action".

Beth shook her head moaning through the gag.

"As a precaution I placed several micro-cameras by the doors, the bedroom, and this room here. I watched you meet him on the front porch naked for the neighbors to see. You gave him the rope he used on you and knelt at his feet as you did it".

Thomas stood, "I have to go get the car from around the block. You wait here and think about what you did. Think about what will happen when I get back".

When she heard the door close Beth started struggling frantically. No way did she want to be helpless when Thomas returned. 'I have to be free and on my feet to face him', she thought. Twisting, rolling, and pulling Beth struggled to free herself but nothing would give. She writhed on the floor until she exhausted herself. When her husband returned she was as helpless as she was before he left.

Thomas returned almost half an hour later. He stopped to reassure the ladies that all was well and that the other man was gone. No he didn't think there would be a divorce. What did she say they asked?

"I didn't give her a chance to talk", Thomas said. With a wink he added, "I left her bound and gagged on the family room floor".

The women burst into laughter, "Give her a good spanking for us would you?" Joyce said, and burst out laughing again.

"I'll do that", he said. "By the way you may hear some things tonight. Shouting or screaming maybe".

"Don't let that bother you", Mrs. Morton said, "Clean out your house. We won't let a little noise bother us".

Beth had fallen onto her side and rolled across the floor in her escape attempt. Thomas walked in, grabbed the rope connecting her wrists to her ankles like a handle and carried her back over to the chair. Holding Beth in place he used a hand to roughly grab an ass cheek. She cried out and tried to wiggle away. Lifting his hand Thomas delivered a solid slap to Beth's ass. She cried out and tried to roll away but he held her firmly in place.

'That felt good', he thought raising his hand to deliver a dozen more swats. Beth thrashed wildly in the ropes as her ass seemed to be set on fire.

"You can thank your friend Joyce", He told her, "she said that you deserved a good spanking".

"UMmmm, umhmmm, ummmmmmmmmmmm", Beth screamed into the gag.

"I couldn't agree more, this won't be the last spanking you receive before I set you free".

Thomas pulled his wife up to her knees and knelt behind her. He began to run his hands gently over her bare shoulders and neck. Beth groaned softly rolling her head as her neck muscles relaxed. Gradually she leaned back into his touch. His hands slid down over her collar bone and cupped her breasts. As he rolled her nipples she melted into him a gasp slipping around the ball gag.

Keeping one hand on her breast Thomas slid the other hand down her body gliding over her stomach and diving into the cleft between her thighs. Beth surged against the ropes binding her as his fingers touched just the right spot. It felt as if his fingers were electrified as they slid over her clit. She couldn't speak or move as she strained against the bondage. Tossing her head back Beth moaned as his fingers slipped into her.

'Oh damn', Beth groaned, just a few seconds longer and she would explode. The blindfold freed her imagination to soar. The gag prevented her from begging him for more. The bondage guaranteed that she stayed right where she was suffering in sweet turmoil.

Suddenly he was gone. No hand on her breast. No probing fingers No body to lean against. Beth fell to her side on the carpeted floor.

"Mmmmmmuuuuuuuuuuuuuu.................." Beth screamed. Not now! He can't stop now! Twisting, rolling, and screaming she fought frantically for a release that wasn't coming. Thomas stood in the kitchen watching her suffer in her helpless frustration. This wasn't going to be the last time she got to come close to orgasm but the bitch wasn't going to get her satisfaction any time soon.

He finished his beer while watching Beth struggle in the restraints. She took half an hour to finally exhaust herself and calm down. Thomas opened another beer and gave her an additional half hour to think about her sins. He started creating a plan as he stood watching his beautiful, naked, and helpless wife.

Discarding the empty bottle he decided that it was time for round two.

Beth felt his hands, one on a breast and the other on her ass. She writhed laying on her side. Thomas took his time toying with one nipple then the other until they stood hard waiting on attention that didn't arrive. At some point his other hand had moved and reentered her. He was doing it again, Beth knew it, her body knew it. Even if she had not been tied-up, gagged, with a blindfold she would be a prisoner to his touch.

Unable to escape the red head lay helpless before him shaking her head and moaning. The first time she had fought it. Resisted, in the end he had won but it had taken some time for her resolve to fail. This time she had no resistance to give. Her protection was gone. This time it only took seconds for him to get a reaction.

This time was different. This time she felt his lips on her nipple. Thomas gently sucked it then teased it with his tongue. This set Beth off, her moans turning to cries as she thrust her breasts out for more. She was ready again, just,... a,....... few,............ more,................seconds............

Again Thomas stopped moving back from his wife. She screamed and struggled frantically but was helpless to do anything about the need she felt. This time there was no cool down. She was pulled to her knees again and held in place by her hair.

"I'm going to remove the gag and if you try to speak I'll roll you over and beat your ass again".

Beth nodded her agreement.

Thomas released the buckle and pulled the ball from Beth's mouth. Moving around in front of her he sat in the chair recently vacated by the other man. Guiding her by the hair Thomas drew her forward until his cock touched Beth's lips.

"Take it", he told her.

Using her hair to guide her Thomas brought his wife forward until her lips touched his cock. Beth didn't need prompting as she sucked it in. She went to work with an enthusiasm he had never known. First she took him in as far as she could. Then she drew back slowly allowing her tongue to wrap around his shaft. Then she reaching his head and played her tongue over the tip.

Thomas kept his hand in her hair as he leaned back in the chair. Holy shit she had never given him head like this before. It was hard to believe that this was his wife. The quiet girl he married who always seemed so happy. Right now she was a woman possessed as she sucked and bobbed on his rod.

His orgasm was an explosion shocking him to his core. Beth did not stop as he erupted in her mouth. She continued to bob and suck as she drained him. Pulling her hair Thomas pulled her off of him. She was smiling when he looked at her. Leaning forward he placed the ball gag to her lips again. Beth didn't offer any resistance as she took the gag and he buckled it in tight.

Thomas got up and left Beth kneeling on the floor. It was time to loose his clothes and get down to business. He found another surprise in the bedroom. There was leather cuffs and chains attached to the four corners of their bed. 'Ok', he thought, 'now this has some possibilities'.

Returning to the family room he discovered that Beth had not moved or fallen over. Kneeling behind her Thomas untied the rope between Beth's wrists and ankles. He hauled her to her feet then lifted her over his shoulder. Carrying his wife like a sack of potatoes they went to the bedroom.

Beth screamed as she was flung onto to bed unexpectedly. She was still securely bound and helpless to prevent her fall. He started at her ankles, untying the knots and removing the rope. She felt his fingers rub her ankles where the rope had left deep furrows in her flesh. Seconds later she felt something wrap around her ankle and draw up tight.

She realised that it was a leather cuff. Stan must has set this up before Thomas came home, she thought. Thomas untied the rope at her knees and pulled her feet wide apart securing it in other leather cuff. He removed the rope from around her torso and upper arms that framed her breasts cupping and teasing her nipples in the process. When he released her hands Beth reached for the gag but Thomas stopped her.

"Oh no, not yet", he told her as he pushed her down onto the bed. "You're not done showing me just how sorry you really are yet". Beth shivered at the sound of that. How can she say she's sorry if he never lets her talk?

Beth lay helpless on the bed. She was spread out to the four corners more helpless and vulnerable that before. In this position he could do virtually anything and she couldn't stop him. The cuffs and chain gave Beth just enough slack to struggle but not enough to move. As an added precaution Thomas placed a small pad lock through the buckle of each cuff guaranteeing that she stay put.

Suddenly Beth had a frightening thought. If Stan put the cuffs on the bed did he also lay out the other things? The flogger, the thin rattan rod, or the nipple clamps? The thought of Thomas finding those scared her. Maybe, just maybe he only got out her vibrator.

Thomas sat on the edge of the bed and placed a hand on her breast rolling her nipple gently. Beside her on the bed lay a leather flogger and a thin wooden rod. He was tempted to use them but there would always be time for that later. Right now he had something else in mind. Standing he began to remove his clothes.

Beth lay spread eagle on the king size bed testing the limits of her restraints. There wasn't much. Stan had done a good job of guaranteeing her immobility damn him. She felt the dip of the bed as Thomas crawled on and his naked body pressing against hers. Very gently he reached out to toy with her left nipple. It became a hard cone in seconds as he rolled it between his fingers. She twisted in response trying to extend herself to him.

A moment later she felt the bite of a nipple clamp. It's stinging bite made her cry out, Thomas played with her other nipple until it too betrayed her and became hard. He placed the other clamp and watched her writhe helplessly. The clamps bit hard driving the pain to her groin where it turned to lust. Oh damn it hurt,.... So......... GOOD!

Thomas slid his fingers down her stomach making his wife giggle. He remembered that she was extremely ticklish. From there his hand slipped between her thighs to caress her sex.

Beth arched her back thrusting her hips into the air. Moaning through the gag she fought to free herself to reach her husband. She wanted to beg him for more but the gag turned her words to mush.

But he didn't continue. His hand moved back up to the chain connecting the nipple clamps. Beth felt the chain being lifted into the air. Slowly the chain came tight and began to lift her breasts. She moaned trying to lift herself to take the strain off of her stretched nipples.

Thomas watched as her nipples stretched painfully. 'I wonder how far it will go before the clamp slips off?' He pulled a bit harder making Beth cry out, but so far there was no sign of it slipping off. 'Damn that must hurt', he thought, as he watched her thrash wildly in the restraints. She fell back gasping for air when he dropped the chain allowing her beasts to fall back.

Moving his hand back down between Beth's thighs. His finger tips gliding over her clit. Beth reacted to his touch as if shocked. Her hips thrust upward and she made frantic sounds around the ball gag. Beth kicked her feet and twisted wildly to get free but was held fast. She screamed in frustration as his hand pulled away.

Thomas had never seen his wife so excited before. Her breaths came in gasps and every muscle strained against the restraints in her need for sexual release. Her squirming was so erotic he could hold back no longer. Moving between her legs Thomas found her and drove himself all the way in one thrust.

Beth moaned from the depths of her helpless naked body as he finally slid home inside her. He didn't move right away and it felt so right to have him there. When he did move it was with a slowness and ease she had never felt before. She wanted to see him, to look into his eyes and see the passion there but the blindfold denied her this.

She felt him take a nipple into his mouth to tease it with his tongue. Beth tossed back her head and screamed into the gag again. Her fingers twisted to claws that she wanted to drag down Thomas' back. He moved to the other nipple sucking and teasing it pushing her right to the edge but still she didn't come. His thrusts continued slow and steady.

Beth was so ready that her entire body quivered in anticipation. She felt Thomas shift slightly and his mouth found that sweet spot at the base of her neck. That one spot that made her toes curl..................

Thomas felt her reactions and knew the second that her orgasm took her. He continued to slide in and out slow and steady as she thrashed under him. He stayed at this pace while she had a second and third orgasm. Then he drove himself in and erupted himself deep within her.

He rolled to the side to catch his breath while Beth lay gasping. She didn't move or make a sound as Thomas slid from the bed. He had to get back to work soon but he couldn't leave Beth like this. Taking the keys Thomas released the leather cuffs from the chains but left the cuffs locked around her limbs. He removed the gag laying it aside. Then he pulled a blanket over her naked body.

He wrote a note as he dressed and left her asleep on the bed.

Beth,
Your free now and have a decision to make.
If you want your boyfriend, leave before I get home from work.
IF you stay you will be restrained, naked, and punished for your indiscretion.
The choice is yours.

The end?

\*\*Beth's choice

He gave Beth another half hour while he thought about today's events. He was happy that she chose to stay with him. If not he would have never discovered this side of himself and he never thought his beautiful wife would willingly surrender to him like this. I'm not ready to let her go but what can I do next?

Thomas was still trying to come up with something when he opened the bedroom door and saw her. She was laying on her stomach again but this time she had managed to open her legs enough to press against the bed post. She made grunting sounds with each thrust as she rubbed herself against the wood.

Smiling, Thomas knew what to do next. Stalking forward he grabbed the chain linking her wrists and ankles and pulled her away from the bed. Beth screamed and wiggled helplessly. She had been so close!

He released her from the hogtie but left the leather cuffs in place. Thomas guided her up onto the bed. Beth moaned softly as she got to stretch sore muscles after hours of immobility. She found herself stretched out and tied to the four corners of the bed again. Something hard pressed against her sex, opening her and sliding inside. She moaned as she felt her body close around the intruder. A rope was added to hold the intruder in place.

'Where had he learned to do that?' Beth wondered.

Beth squirmed helplessly as he added a set of nipple clamps.

Thomas stopped to admire his work while running his fingers up the sole of her bare foot. Beth squealed pulling at her bound leg.

Leaning close to her ear Thomas said; "The foot ball game is starting in a few minutes. I'll be back to look in on you later".

The intruder began to vibrate as he said; "I left you something to keep you company until half time". Beth lost all control. Every inch of her bound naked body was focused on the intruder willing it to give her what she so desperately needed.

\*\*Beth's Ordeal

Beth was in hell. She had heard Thomas and knew that he left the room. She felt the clamps as they bit into the delicate flesh of her nipples. The restraints held her wrists and ankles spread wide apart guaranteeing her helplessness. The ball gag prevented all attempts to call out for him. The blindfold placed her in a darkness that added to her helplessness and freed her mind.

Her entire world focused down to just one thing. The intruder that was inside her vibrating gently. Beth thrust her hips out. She wiggled and twisted in a futile attempt to gain any pressure that could help her. Instead of the climax she desired Beth was held in a turmoil she had no hope of escaping.

Thomas settles into his recliner waiting for the game to start. The pre-game program still had some ten minutes. He switched over to the spy cams he installed to catch Beth in the act. He skimmed through the afternoon to the point where Beth emerged from her shower.

Beth was naked when she entered the bedroom. He watched as she wrapped the leather cuffs around her wrists and ankles locking them in place. Then she took a leather collar and locked this in place as well. She locked one end of a short chain to the bed post and attached it to the collar. Thomas watched as she used another short chain to link her ankle cuffs together. The gag and blindfold came next then a single lock was used to connect the wrist cuffs together behind her back.

He knew that Beth was now helpless, but that is not exactly how he found her. Skimming through the video he found where the woman from next door had come in. Thomas watched as she found Beth and listened to their conversation. Then he saw that it was Joyce who altered the bondage.

'I'll have to thank her for that', he thought. At first he was shocked as Joyce began to tickle his wife. Beth screamed as she tried desperately to escape but Joyce continued the chase. Thomas couldn't believe how watching his wife be tortured turned him on. Both women were beautiful and it was all he could do not to charge into the bedroom and pounce on Beth right now.

Beth writhed in helpless frustration. She strained at the restraints holding her to the bed. Her back arched lifting her breasts into the air. The clips on her nipples pinching at her delicate flesh. She fought the bondage thrusting her hips out hopelessly. She was beyond thought or reason. Her whole world was trying to reach that one thing she most desperately needed.

It happened. One moment she was in turmoil the next she was soaring through the heavens. With the orgasm Beth felt her body relax as if she floated on a cloud. Lights flared behind the blind fold in rythem to her quaking body.

The pleasure she felt was short lived. After only a few minutes the constant vibration of the intruder caught her attention. It was still there, still working, and she felt her body responding. Writhing she tried to dislodge the devise but it was well secured. Helplessly Beth tried to fight it, to hold back.

Her body betrayed her. Clenching her small fists she screamed as the orgasm curled her toes.

Half way through the second quarter Thomas heard Beth's muffled scream. She was writhing on the bed spread eagle and helpless. He watched her squirm in frustration and felt his cock respond. Just ten more minutes until half time then,...............

There was a fumble on the tv screen. It was recovered by a player on his team. Thomas leaned closer to the tv, Beth moaned in the back ground. The player with the ball ran down field. The other team closed in. A blocker ran in to protect the runner. Beth squirmed thrusting out her hips. They all converged with a crashing of bodies at the end zone landing in one large pile. Beth gasped while Thomas held his breath as the ref's ran in pealing players off the pile.

Beth screamed again, thrusting her hips into the air, "TOUCH DOWN!!!!!", the announcer screamed. The fans jumped to their feet cheering. The sound of thousands of cheering fans pushed her over the edge again. This time Beth was sure she saw fire works.

When they left the field at half time his team had a fourteen point lead.

Thomas stood at the bed side looking down at his bound wife. He couldn't believe that she was doing this for him. Reaching out he took a breast in his hands and removed the nipple clamp. Beth squirmed helplessly at the sudden pain in the released flesh. His mouth descended closing over the pained nipple as he sucked the pain away. The other clamp was removed and he was there as well to make it feel better.

Reaching down Thomas untied the crotch rope removing the vibrator. Beth moaned at it's loss but thrilled at the idea of what was to come next. He didn't disappoint her. She felt his weight settle on top of her bound body. His face dipped into her neck to nibble at the tender flesh. Beth moaned softly as he found the hollow below her ear making her toes curl.

Then Beth felt it. She felt herself opening to his shaft as Thomas entered her. With frustrating slowness Thomas slid in filling her and pushing Beth over the edge again. Her orgasm swept over her like a hot wave making her scream again and push back against his thrust. He drew back thrusting again and her orgasm peaked again, and again, and again. Each thrust driving her to orgasm.
His orgasm exploded into her making her respond one last time before the world finally went black.

Beth awoke some time later once again wrapped in the comforter. The gag and blindfold were both gone. She still wore the leather cuffs but had been released from the bed. Crawling from the bed she went to the bathroom to freshen up.

When she emerged Beth was feeling so much better. She picked up a few items from the night stand and went out in search of Thomas.

She found him in the family room sitting naked on the sofa. It was the final five minutes of the game and his team was leading. Beth walked in and knelt before him. She used one lock to connect her ankle cuffs close together. Reaching behind her back she locked the wrist cuffs together and lowered her head submissively.

Thomas reclined across the sofa and pulled Beth up to join him. As she settled in against him Thomas pulled the blanket down over them and wrapped his arms around her naked body. As the game ended his team was victorious. Beth reached out to kiss his neck.

"You win", she said softly, "I'm all yours".

©2014 Orion1701
