---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/rubber_baroness7.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: The Rubber Baroness 7
authors:
- RubberH
tags:
- F/f
- D/s
- latex
- bond
- straightjacket
- hoods
- slaves
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2009-09-28 00:00:00
---

continued from [part 6](rubber_baroness6.html)

**Part Seven**

Alice was stunned at the Baroness' request. "You want me to have....your
baby?"

"That's right." the Baroness said.

"Unless I totally failed Biology, I don't think that's physically
possible. You meant that you want someone to get me pregnant?"

"No, I meant I want you to have MY baby."

Alice was totally confused. The Baroness wasn't making sense. Unless she
suddenly grew a cock and a pair of balls, there wasn't any way that Alice could
get pregnant with the Baroness' baby.
Placing her arm around Alice, the Baroness gave her a hug and explained.

"I never told you very much about Gustav. Well, the mutual friend who
introduced us was once his lover. You see, both our families were very
conservative and would have disowned us if they discovered we were bisexual. I
preferred women, and Gustav preferred men... We were tolerant of each other's
desires and as a bonus, we were both into rubber and bondage as well."

"Being a Baron and the heir, Gustav had a lot of responsibilities and a
lot of pressure to keep the family name and title continuing. Before we thought
of getting married, he asked me if I wanted children. I always wanted kids, so
there wasn't any problem."

"A couple of years later, I was told by my doctor that I had to have a
hysterectomy. We were both devastated, and we didn't know what to do. Then we
met Elke and Kurt. They had a friend who could take as many of my eggs as
possible, and using Gustav's sperm, fertilize them and freeze the embryos until
we could find a surrogate to carry the baby."

Alice now understood. She was the surrogate. Was that all the Baroness
wanted from her? "I didn't realize all you wanted was a brood mare."

"Oh, No... Darling!" cried the Baroness "If that's all I wanted, I could
have taken anyone; even hired a surrogate. I wanted someone who'd WANT to stay
with me and raise the baby together. Someone who'd share my life.... rubbersex,
bondage, the owner-slave lifestyle... everything!"

"Then why did you kidnap me, and subject me to everything you did?"

"Because I knew deep down, you were just like me. When you looked at me
that night. When you didn't resist when I deliberately let my tit rest on your
shoulder. You didn't say anything, but I could see that you wanted me to come on
to you. When we talked, I found out we shared so much.... I had to have you. I
would have converted you into a regular rubberslave had the situation been
different, but I wanted... maybe this isn't expressing it right... but I wanted a
companion, a friend, a lover...a..."

"Wife?" interrupted Alice.

"That's not quite what I was thinking... I think the best word is
soulmate." the Baroness smiled. "But in some ways, wife would do as well. The
only things missing are a ceremony and a reception."

"This is not exactly what I thought of as a marriage."

The Baroness chuckled. "Well, when I was married it wasn't quite what
anyone else expected either."

Now in a much quieter tone she continued. "Alice.... I wouldn't want you to
do something this important without your thinking about it. I won't force this
baby on you, but..."

Then to Alice's surprise, the Baroness dropped to her knees in from of
her.

"Please do this for me... for us. I'll do anything you want..."

"Anything?" replied Alice softly.

"Yes...Anything."

"I no longer want to be your slave."

The Baroness looked up at Alice with surprise. "You want to leave me?" she
said; her voice actually trembling.

"No... I love you Greta. But what I want is to be your equal..To be
Mistress of this house as well as you. We share everything. Property, wealth,
slaves... etc. That's what I want. If I am to be your life-long companion, I want
to be more than just a slave."

The Baroness was silent for several minutes. Alice had actually found her
weak point... her desire for a mate. Someone who will share her life forever.

"I've learned to love rubbersex and bondage and I never want you to stop."
continued Alice. "But I want the shoe to be on the other foot too. I want you to
be the bottom from time to time. I want you to grovel at my feet, just like I
did for you. ...I want..."

"Done." said the Baroness.

Alice was stunned. "Done?... Did I hear you right?"

"Yes Alice, I agree. From the time the baby is born, you will share
everything of mine."

"No... we start now. No conditions, no exceptions..." Alice waited and
watched as the Baroness was quiet for several moments. Was she going to refuse
this demand?

"Quite the negotiator aren't you?... I'll tell you what: You become my
junior partner in my business interests; but I have the final say in all
matters. However, if we're together after six years, you'll get equal control in
everything; just as if we were a married couple."

"Two."

"Four years."

"That sounds reasonable to me.... agreed." Alice replied.

"You've learned quickly my Darling." said the Baroness as she began to
undo Alice's body binder. "I'll have the papers drawn up tomorrow."

"What are you doing?"

"I'm releasing you." replied the Baroness, quite puzzled.

"Hmmm I don't think so. ...STRIP!

The Baroness quickly removed her latex catsuit and stiletto heeled boots.

"Call number eight and four and have them bring in your best rubber
straightjacket and two of your most severe hoods."

The Baroness complied and soon the two rubberslaves brought the items.

"Now, have them put you in the jacket."

In a matter of minutes, the Baroness was secured in the heavy and
extremely tight, rubber straight jacket. Her arms were pulled nearly out of
their sockets as her arms were wrapped around her body and the sleeves of the
jacket were padlocked to the thick metal rings near the front. The crotch strap
had two vibrators which made their way into her delicate openings. The strap was
pulled so tight that it seemed to disappear between her asscheeks. It too was
padlocked closed. In fact, there were about twenty locks on the jacket.

The Baroness felt the vibrators nearly tearing her apart! All Alice did
was just smile.

"You ready for the hood? Alice whispered.

"What about you? Don't you want to get out of that binder?"

"When you've had enough. You will tell your slaves to put the hood on you,
but NOT to release you until tomorrow night."

"You can tell them yourself. They have been instructed to obey your orders
as well as mine."

"I don't speak German... How will they.."

"Understand you?..." the Baroness replied. "They always could understand
English. They just were trained to ignore you whenever you spoke. Now you have
absolute control over them.. just like me."

Alice whispered instructions to number eight, who then left the room .

"And you Darling? What are you planning for yourself?"

"I get the other hood put on me. We'll both be completely helpless
together."

The Baroness smiled as Alice had a thick molded hood pulled over her head.
A pump-up gag pushed into her mouth and inflated. The hood was then padlocked
shut, leaving Alice unable to speak, see or hear.

The Baroness' hood was different. It had two layers of rubber. The first
layer was extremely tight, and fit on her head like a second skin. Like Alice, a
gag with a breathing tube was built into the hood. It was placed into her mouth
where it sat limply. The second layer was much looser, but it had a reason to
be: number eight brought in a large container of liquid rubber and taking a
hose, connected it to a valve leading into the gag and hood.

The valve was opened and the liquid rubber rushed into the gag and hood.
The Baroness tried to fight the intrusion of the liquid into the gag, but soon
every crevice inside her mouth was filled. Likewise, the liquid rubber filled up
the hood and began to stretch. Her head looked as if it was twice its size
before the valve was finally closed.

She tried to sit upright, but the weight of the rubber inside the hood
kept her on the floor.
Then she felt her feet being fitted into a pair of boots. Although she couldn't
see , she knew that these were her special , super-thick rubber ballet boots
which would make it impossible for the wearer to stand! The boots laced all the
way up to her hips; forcing her feet into position, and preventing her from even
bending her knees.

The silence was awful! She kicked her legs but that only caused the
vibrators to move inside of her, causing immense pleasure/torment. What was
worse, the rubber would slowly solidify, trapping her in a nearly rigid helmet
of latex until the next evening.

Alice would pay for this....... maybe.

Hours went by as both Alice and the Baroness were confined in their rubber
restraints. Their bodies were sweating profusely as the tight rubber became
warmer and warmer with each passing minute. The rubber slaves were trained to
monitor any bound victims and to introduce liquids through a force-feed tube
within the gags to prevent dehydration. number eight gave the Baroness plenty of
water during the ordeal. However, the vibrator/plugs prevented her from
urinating. Her bladder became extremely full and by the time she was released,
she felt as if she would've exploded.

Alice had no such problem as her binder had been designed with a rubber
collection bag inside. Compared to the Baroness, she was very comfortable and
could have spent several more hours in her bondage. Of course, she had an
advantage in that she already had much more experience in being severely
rubberized for long periods of time.

After they were released and the Baroness was able to relieve herself,
both women laid down together in front of the fireplace. Alice cupped the
Baroness' breasts and began to suck on her nipples. The Baroness quickly became
aroused and began to reciprocate, but Alice pushed her lips away.

"Not yet Darling." Alice purred and turned the Baroness over on her
stomach. As the Baroness laid face down on the bear skin rug, Alice retrieved
a strap-on dildo from a cabinet, and put it on. Then she took a wide strip of
latex and wound it around the Baroness' head; blindfolding her. She tied it
tightly and knotted it several times to make sure it didn't slip off.

The Baroness was unaware that Alice was ready to mount her. Alice now
took a pair of hinged handcuffs and locked them on her 'victim's ' wrists.

"What the..MMMMMM!" The Baroness soon had the double dildo gag stuffed
into her mouth.

"Remember Darling.... I get to be the Top tonight. I want you to pleasure
me just like I did you that first time I wore this." Alice then ankle-cuffed the
Baroness as well.

The Baroness felt herself being flipped over on her back; pinning her
cuffed hands between the floor and her back. She could sense that Alice was
positioning herself over her face. Then, the smell of Alice's juices entered her
nostrils. In an instant, Alice impaled herself on the dildo-gag, and began
riding the Baroness' face.

Alice's knees held the Baroness' head in place, while her pleasured
herself on the rubber phallus. The Baroness began to rub her legs together as
best as she could... She was getting more and more aroused as Alice began to
wildly buck up and down.

Alice screamed and collapsed as the orgasm ripped through her! As she
recovered, she saw the Baroness's efforts to bring pleasure to herself as well.

"Oh Dear!" Alice exclaimed with mock surprise. "I can't believe how
careless I was!" She then went to a drawer and pulled out a balloon-like device.
She straddled the Baroness' legs and began to force the device into her
'victim'.

The device went in very easily, and Alice began to pump up the balloon. It
expanded quickly and the Baroness began to feel quite full. However, Alice kept
pumping until the balloon was not only secure; it had filled the Baroness to the max, and covered her entire pussy! The most fiendish thing about such a simple
device was that there was no way that her clit could be stimulated. The
Baroness grunted her displeasure, but Alice just smiled.

"I can't let you get sidetracked in serving me. I remember when you used
this on one of Elke's slaves... She was so frustrated that she wasn't allowed any
sexual stimulation for a week!"

The Baroness's eyes grew wide. Maybe she taught Alice TOO well?
