---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesad/andreabound_ties_sara_then_herself2.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Andreabound Ties Sara Then Herself
authors:
- Andreabound
tags:
- F/f
- Sbf
- bond
- rope
- spreadeagle
- hood
- blindfold
- gag
- ring-gag
- whip
- clamps
- toys
- switch
- cons
- X
date: 2020-02-29 00:00:00
---

### Sara’s Story

*Andi insisted I tell my side of the story she just posted. It was my first time really tied up and Andi wanted me to let you know how it felt. You can read her bit in ‘[#17a Andreabound ties up Sara and then Herself](andreabound_ties_sara_then_herself1.html)’.*

This is my first go at writing a story so please be gentle with me. At least this program has a spellchecker so I won’t get into trouble this time.

I thought the spelling bee idea was fantastic, kudos to whoever came up with that one. But I never got spanked before so I asked Andi to be gentle. She came up wit the idea she wrote up in her story about how she ties me up and leaves me and goes downstairs to do her own thing.

Andi has tied my hands and feet before. This time it was much tighter I think. It seems that way to me. Then she pulls my arms and legs to the corners of the bed and I’m thinking how does she put up with this I feel like I’m being pulled in two. Then Andi starts with the paddle and crop and whip all over my back although I think she’s really trying to keep it on my ass. But her aim isn’t so good and I keep yelling thru this horrid gag she’s made me wear. Did I mention the gag, its horrid and I cant believe she made me wear it for so long that’s payback time right there.

Then the vibe. Don’t get me wrong I love vibes what girl doesn’t but she leaves it in my cunt for ages until I manage to get free of her spiders trap. But that’s later. My cunt was so wet having my girlfriend tie me up so bad that normally the vibe would just slide out but Andis thought of that an my legs are tied up so I can’t slide it out and it goes on and on until I feel like I’m going to explode all over her bed and her tidy little room. Ha that’d teach her.

And god those pegs. I hate those and why does andi like them I can’t understand that cos there evil pure evil and I try and try to shake them off but we both know there not coming off until she wants and I can hear Andi laughing at me even though she’s trying to hide it and Im getting cross and I don’t believe she’s going to leave the pegs on me and go downstairs. And now she’s back talking about what to wear like I care cos my eyes are stuck shut and all I want is for her to take these pegs off but she still doesn’t and before I realize it she’s gone again and its too late and I have to wear them for like hours and hours. Will there be trouble for this, you bet your ass buster!!!!

I think im going to die what if andi gets stuck but I trust her and I know she’s coming back and I can be free of these pegs but it seems like its been hours and still no andi so I reach up and guess what I find a knot. I know Andis left it there for me, I love her so much right then and I work the knot wit my fingers and I’m thinking if I break a nail shes in so much more trouble than before and then I get the knot loose and I’m free at last. I look at the clock and its only been half hour since we started. I think how the blindfold makes you lose sense of the time and why Andi likes it so much and I start to hatch an evil plan.

Its an hour later before I hear her clumping up the stairs. At first I wonder what the noise is and then I peek and have a good laugh. She’s got stuck and then I think what if shed really got stuck and I didn’t find the knot. What then? But that’s why the knot was there wasn’t it so she knew I would be safe no matter what and I love her even more for being so careful with me and then I remember that if I hadn’t found the knot I would have been stuck with those horrid pegs for over an hour and I’m cross again and planning my revenge. By the time Andi gets to the room where I am sitting on the bed pretending to look surprised. I have to try really hard not to laugh at her and I make her promise all sorts of things so that she can use the john and I was thinking of making her keep the clamps on all night to tell her how cross I was with her but one look in those baby blue eye of hers and Im all melting inside as usual and so I take them off and make it all better. I made her wear the gag though. Ha ha.
