---
original_url: https://www.dollstories.net/storieslr/rubberdoll_jessica2.html
subcategory: Doll Stories
title: Jessica's Decision and a New Job
authors:
- Rubber Doll Jessica
tags:
- F/m
- latex
- doll
- transform
- FM/m
- mannequin
- cons
- X
date: 2006-03-16 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**The Beginning**](rubberdoll_jessica.html))

**Jessica's Decision and a New Job - Part 2 of Rubber Doll Jessica**

 Jessica shook uncontrollably as her orgasm seemed to last forever.
She wished it could of, but finally it did end. The rubbery Jessica released
Peter's cock from her mouth and slumped down. Spent from the greatest climax
she could imagine. Veronica just guided her to the floor, laying her on
her front, with her head to one side. Together Peter and Veronica removed
Jessica’s leg shackles. The spent dolly just curled onto her side, soaking
in the pleasure. Veronica kissed Jessica passionately. "I'm glad you enjoyed
it. Jessica", she told her. Veronica and Peter left Jessica to gather herself,
and talked. Jessica was oblivious to anything said.

Later that night.....

 Veronica took Jessica back to her house. After leading her back
upstairs she removed Jessica's bonds, and let her sleep the remainder of
the night. In the morning she woke Veronica over her. "Morning my doll."
she said and touched her face slightly. "It's time to come out I guess.".
Jessica was a little disappointed but got up anyway. Veronica picked at
the zip seal. After a bit of work she got an edge out and pulled the seal
open exposing the zipper. She pulled the zipper down to reveal the sweaty
flesh inside. It wasn't long till the suit was off, and Jessica was gone.
Veronica took Jack to the shower and left him to wash up while she tended
to cleaning the suit and hanging it up. Back in the shower Jack cleaned
up. Looking over his skin, it almost didn't seem right. It felt almost
like he wasn't himself anymore.

 After the shower jack found his clothes on the bed, got dressed,
and went down stairs. Veronica was making breakfast, wearing a long rubber
house dress. She loved rubber so much. Jack was starting to think this
woman didn't own a single piece of normal clothes. They sat down and started
to eat.

"So now I suppose you need to make a decision." She said to him.
Jack looked up kind of puzzled.

"Well it seems you enjoyed yourself last
night as Jessica." she said. "Now that the fantasy has been fulfilled,
you have to make a decision.".

Jack began to understand what she was saying.

"Do you want to be Jessica again?" she continued. "I could tell how you
felt last night. You were in heaven. You could have been that way forever
if we let you. So here is the proposition. Me and Peter are business partners,
and have all a lot of money as you can tell. You could live here with me
and be Jessica as much as you want, and as long as you want at a time.".

Jack turned white for a minute, almost in disbelief.

Veronica finished
"I know that’s a big decision for you to make that’s why I'll give you
some time. You have my number. Take as long as you want but call me either
way."

 Breakfast from that point was rather silent. After the meal was
done Veronica put the dishes in the sink and drove Jack home. He went about
the rest of his weekend thinking of the offer. All the memories of Saturday
still dancing around in his head. He had a lot of mixed feelings about
what Jessica did with Peter. But ultimately inside Jack yearned to be Jessica
again and would even let her do what she did, just to be a rubber doll
again.

The thoughts and the decision haunted Jack all day and for the rest
of the week. It was even hurting his work performance. He was talked to
twice that he seemed distracted. Jack finally made a decision. He would
take the next two weeks off for some vacation time he had saved up. And
be Jessica as much as humanly possible. After all Veronica did say he could
be Jessica as often as he wanted and as long as he wanted. So if he wanted
he could live the double life. Jack by day. Jessica by night and on weekends.
On Friday Jack called. "Hello?" she said. "Um, Veronica. I took some time
off from work... Can we try this for 2 weeks to start?".

There was a silence
for a second. "Why of course, I can understand it would be a lot to up
and move in all at once on a night and a half.", she replied. "When do
you want to come by?".

"As soon as possible" he said.

"I'll be waiting
for you." she ended.

 Jack drove over to Veronica's house. He brought only the clothes
on his back, figuring he probably wouldn’t need much of his own wardrobe.
When Veronica opened the door she saw it on his eyes. "Let's get you back
into yourself shall we?". Jack only nodded and came in. It wasn't long
before the suit was back up and on. Sealed shut again. Within a minute
of looking herself over again Jessica was on the bed with Veronica.

"Would
you like me in my suit Jessica?" she said softly. Jessica nodded.

Veronica
got up and left the room for a few minutes. Jessica lay on the bed. Without
really realizing it she started pushing fingers deep into her rubber pussy.
She was spread legged with her ballet boots on, and pinching and feeling
one of her breasts. Veronica came back in. In her transparent suit with
a black and red corset and black knee high heeled boots on. "Starting without
me are you?" she said smartly. Veronica walked over to the bed and sat
next to her doll. Jessica had stopped fingering herself. "No. Don’t stop.
It was kind of nice watching you pleasure yourself.".

Jessica ran her hand
back to her slit and entered herself again. It was just enough inside to
feel. Veronica ran her hand over Jessica's body slowly. Watching her masturbate
with loving eyes. Jessica just lay there, starting to twist and pant a
bit while her fingers dive deep. Veronica moves up onto the bed and up
towards Jessica's head. "Don't stop." she tells her, and begins to straddle
over Jessica's head. Jessica can only lay there. Continuing to masturbate
she thrusts her rubber tongue into Veronica's perfectly coated pussy. It
wasn't long before Veronica was cumming, but she kept on riding Jessica's
mouth. Jessica felt herself finally edging too. She licked faster and more
intensively. A second or two later she began to writhe, and moan into Veronica.

 Veronica pulled off and lay down next to Jessica. "Missed me,
didn't you?" she asked her with a smile. Jessica nodded slowly. Seeing
as speaking was still not likely with a rubber mouth. "Let’s get you cleaned
up." Veronica said as she left the room.

Jessica wasn't sure what to think
of what she meant. Veronica returned with some kind of device with a tube
on it. Veronica got back on the bed with Jessica. "We designed this just
for this suit. Watch so you can learn how to do it yourself, and don't
worry it won’t hurt a bit". She said and took the end of the tube, which
appeared to have some kind of nub curved in the middle on it, and put it
into a hole between Jessica's legs that simulates her urethra. She pressed
a button on the machine and it sprang to life. The nub inflated a little,
to make a seal with the tube, and then began injecting fluid into the hole.

Veronica showed her the machine as it worked. "There are two chambers in
the machine. One is filled with water. The other with a soap that won’t
hurt the rubber." she said. Jessica suddenly felt something going on in
the sheath inside. "It cleans out your plumbing so you won’t get clogged
up as it were" Veronica told her. The feel of the liquid and the vibration
of the pump actually felt kind of nice. Not intrusive at all. The machine
started pumping a little of the fluid in and out quickly to stir everything
up. Then sucked it all out and flushed with clean water. After it was done
removing the clean water the nub deflated and Veronica removed it. "Then
you just empty out the chambers, wash it out and put new soap and water
into it.". Jessica was amazed at the level of preparation and thinking
ahead that went into her rubber skin. "Well we wouldn't want you to get
clogged on extended periods, now would we?"  Veronica giggled.

 The day went on, and Veronica played dress up with her dolly.
Having her try on different outfits and things. Jessica loved it, modeling
the outfits and looking at how she looked in the mirror. Much like last
Saturday she didn't care what she was before. Only that this doll exists
now. Later they had lunch. Jessica started learning how to drink without
leaking from the lip. She also learned how to eat soup, but still had to
take some vitamins and such to supplement what she couldn’t eat. Veronica
told Jessica "The rubber in your mouth has been reinforced so you can’t
really damage it but you still need to learn to chew softer to eat some
solid foods. But anything requiring hard chewing just can't be done. But
I guess some sacrifices have to be made to be a perfect doll". Jessica
nodded.

The day went on and they watched some latex fetish movies, and got horny
again. Wasn't long till Jessica was in bondage and they were both writhing
in pleasure. Jessica used the cleaning machine on her self and got ready
for bed. Veronica came in and asked "Did you enjoy your day?" Jessica nodded
and got into bed. "I'm glad. I have to go spend some time at our fetish
shop tomorrow, would you like to come? Peter will be there and he's been wanting to see you again. I think you might be good for business anyway."
she smiled and giggled a bit. Jessica thought for a minute and nodded.
"Why not?" she thought to herself. "Good. But we got to get up early. Before
the shop opens for setup.". Veronica said as she started to leave. "Good
night Jessica. Pleasant dreams my doll". Jessica dozed off to rubber dreams.

The next morning.....

 Jessica woke up and went through the rubber wardrobe. Finding
a nice short skirted halter dress. She was getting good in her boots as
well. "Well you look outstanding in that dress." Veronica said coming in. They had some breakfast and went off to the store. "Pleasure of
Life"
it was called. Veronica opened the door with her key and they went in and
locked it back up. Peter was already there. "The shop won’t open for a
few more hours." Veronica told Jessica.

"Jessica you wonderful doll!" Peter said coming into the front. "Good
to see you again. Heard you enjoyed last weekend. I'm glad." he finished.
Jessica looked around and saw latex and rubber fetish stuff of all types.
Clothing, to toys, to bondage. It was a latex wonderland. "How would you
like to work in the shop for a day or two Jess?" Peter asked. Jessica didn't
need a second word on it. This place was great. She nodded excitedly. Great
then lets get you ready. "Ready?" she thought to herself. "What's this
ready stuff?".

 "Take off your dress." Peter said to her. She complied, figuring
it was just an outfit change. Veronica walked over to Jessica with some
latex straps. She looked at it oddly but trusted Veronica. The straps had
some cuffs on them and Veronica wrapped them around Jessica's wrists. Then
around the opposite sides of her body, so the one on her left arm went
around her right side and opposite for her right arm. Then she wrapped
the straps around Jessica's elbows to the same arms and pulled tight so
her arms were wrapped tightly to her sides and around her waist. Veronica
then pushed a plug with a tube and a pump into Jessica's ass, and a tube
kind of like the cleaning machine into her urethra hole, and pumped them
both till they wouldn't come out. "What are they doing to me?" she thought
to herself, but it still felt good and reminded her of last week. So she
went with it. Peter came over with a weird looking piece of clothing. It
could only be explained as a body corset. It went from below the waist
to over the shoulders and had no arm holes. Seemingly appropriate since
her arms were pinned to her sides. Peter fitted it over Jessica and the
two of them began lacing her up till she couldn’t move her torso at all.

 Jessica saw herself in a nearby mirror. Looking at her reflection
the body corset was smooth over her body and almost seemed like it was
part of her. She looked as if she didn’t have arms. It was a bit uncomfortable
but tolerable. "Let me help you lay down Jessica" Peter told her and eased
her to the floor. "What's next?" she thought. Veronica removed Jessica's
ballet boots while Peter came over with a set of leg shaped framework.
The moment Jessica saw the framework she thought to herself "My god they're
immobilizing me. They wouldn't.. They can't.. Can they.....?" her thoughts
trailed off as they tightened the frame over her legs and she soon wasn’t
able to move her legs. She was now unable to move at all except her feet
and head. Veronica quickly fixed that with a neck corset however. As soon
as it was laced on and tight Jessica was now unable to move her head at
all. Only stare straight on. Then Peter brought over what confirmed her fears.
It was a flesh tone latex body suit. But as it unfolded she could see the
outside was made up to look like dull plastic. It was a mannequin suit.

"They're making me a mannequin!" she shrieked in her head.. She began
trying to make noise. Veronica smiled "I think she knows what were doing
love.". "It's ok, she will love it in the end". Peter said as he pushed
a gag into Jessica's mouth that also had a tube and pump on it. He pumped
it up while Veronica gathered all the tubes together and taped them together
between Jessica's legs. Peter removed all the pumps so the only things
protruding were the tubes.

 Finally came the suit. Peter on one leg and Veronica on the other
started to pull it up Jessica's still body. Once past the feet they stopped
to put some white latex stockings and her ballet boots back on leaving
the stockings down until they worked up the rest of the leg with the suit.
"There those will keep your feet still as well dolly." Veronica said. They
continued to pull the suit up. Pushing the harness of tubes through a hole
at the very bottom of the suits crotch. Making sure the vagina hole was
lined up they pulled the suit to her waist. Then pulling the stockings
up as well. "Can't forget these" Peter says as he gives Veronica a mannequin
arm and holds one himself. They attach the arms to her torso with some
latches on the body corset. Then pull the suit the rest of the way to her
neck. Putting the arms through holes in the suit. "You were right. The
seam between the suit and the arm does give the appearance of a mannequin’s
removable limb". They picked Jessica up and carried her over to the window
where a mannequin rod was waiting. They seated Jessica on top, pushing
a rod into her pussy and into holder that held her up round her pelvis.
"Good thing for that at least. Or that rod would stick me like a spit.".

 "You ready Jessica?" Peter said as he took the head of the suit
in his hands. He pulled it up over her head and rested it. Adjusted the
face and looked to make sure it all matched up. Veronica zipped the back.
"Guess what else Jessica? This skin has the same kind of flap as your skin
underneath. So no one will be able to tell. With that Veronica began pushing
it shut. They brought over some mirrors to show Jessica their handiwork.
She looked on in horror and lust at the same time. She looked like a mannequin.
With the way the suit was made up it looked just like a mannequin’s skin.
"Ok now to dress you" Veronica said.

 They took her off the pole again and
worked a black latex mini skirt up onto her. They hiked it back up and
put her back on the pole. "Mmmpph.." was all she could barely manage to
say as she felt that metal dong go back into her. Then they pulled a low
cut white and black latex corset halter around her and laced it from the
rear. "Only loosely this time. We don't want to break her in half" Peter
told Veronica as she was trying to tighten it in. "Oh yeah.. I get carried
away sometimes. Forgot.." She said smiling. Peter only smiled himself.
Finally they rolled some black latex opera gloves over her new arms. And
put a long black wig on her head, parted in the middle. "There. All dressed.
Now for one last detail" Peter said as he took the fitting ends from the
tubes coming from Jessica and attached them to a set of tubes coming from
the pole. The Fitted ends all different shapes preventing hooking up the
tubes wrong. Then pulled her skirt back down hiding the plumbing from view.

 With the connections in place, Veronica flipped a switch on the
wall and suddenly the invaders in Jessica's pussy and ass came to life.
Vibrating and pushing them selves around slightly. Peter and Veronica held
up the mirrors again. "What do you think Jessica? Like your employee uniform?".
Peter asked.

 Jessica looked again, not that she had a choice. She saw the
mannequin standing there looking back at her. She had to admit she looked
sexy. "And with the plugs buzzing and twisting away I got something to
occupy Me." she thought.

 The two of them began to setup the rest of the
display, both of them caught themselves looking back at Jessica from time
to time. Just knowing she was in there was enough until finally they couldn’t
take it anymore and started up right there. They explored each other until
Peter was on top of Veronica's rubber body with her legs in the air. They
pushed into each other wildly like two rubber animals until finally exploding
into a mutual orgasm. This sight was not unnoticed by Jessica who was trying
to move any way she could on top of the monsters inside her. But just as
she felt she was getting close they suddenly stopped.

 "MMPH!" she shrieked
into her gag. Peter took notice. "Oh yeah we forgot to mention the stand
has a tension sensor on it. Kind of like a lie detector, except it senses
the tension you have down there. When it decides you're a bit too close,
it stops everything for a while. Don't worry it'll start back up soon.
Keeping you close".

"You monstrous Bastard!" Jessica thought to herself.
"How could they keep me here like this and not let me at least have pleasure
too!".

 The store opened, and so did the  window curtains. The techno
music playing in the store drowned any little noise Jessica could make
in her prison. Hours went by and all Jessica could do is watch customers
go by. Looking in at her. Some of them looked like they we're really turned
on by her. Especially the younger ones. It was amusing but couldn’t keep
her mind off being on the edge the whole time and not being able to release.
The tubes insured Jessica got water, and pumped away any waste she had.
After a while Jessica started to lose track of time and even reality. All
she started to know was immobility. And the inability to release. She felt
separated from the world. The shop closed and the lights went out and it
was dark outside. Jessica had no idea how much time had passed until someone
came from behind her. The window curtains closed and the lights turned
on. It was Peter. Jessica woke out of a daze and realized she might have
actually stopped even thinking for a moment, or an hour. She had no idea
how much time had gone by.

 Peter looked at Jessica longingly. He reached under her skirt
and disconnected the tubes. He pulled Jessica off the pole and laid her
on the window stage. He pushed something on her hip and her legs spread.
"There is a spring load in there my dear. So you can be entered." He explained.
He then opened his rubber jeans and pulled himself out. Putting a little
lube on Jessica's rubber pussy he pushed into her. And began to make love
to the mannequin. It felt like heaven to Jessica who had been left without
final pleasure all night. But then He stopped. "WHYYYY?!?!"" she screamed
in her head.. "Jessica, I will remove your gag and fuck your mouth now.
I know it’s been hard for you and you might be upset but don’t scream,
and I will make you cum. Otherwise I'll put you back on the rod.".

 Jessica was so tense she would do anything. Peter pushed past the fleshy
rubber lips and attached the pump for her gag and deflated it. Pulling
it from her mouth. Then straddled her and entered her mouth. Thrusting
back and fourth. Peter couldn’t hold long and exploded into Jessica's mouth.
She swallowed every drop eagerly. Any attention from the outside world
got her closer now. After Peter rested a minute he touched her. Feeling
her solid body and admired her. "Rubber and latex is my first love Jessica.
But Mannequins is another." he told her as he looked her over. Then he
moved between her legs and pushed back into her pussy. Thrusting deeper
and deeper. Jessica was losing her mind "Please god! Don’t stop! Let me
cum!". She pleaded in her mind. She couldn't take it anymore.. The endless
tease all day, the taste in her mouth, the invader in her ass and Peter
fucking her.. She began to climax finally.. Cumming harder and harder, Peter could even feel it. "Yes Jessica! Come for me! Cum! I...I.....!",
Peter came again right after Jessica.

 He climbed off and sat for a minute. Gathering himself. Jessica
also was lost in the orgasm. It was like the release of a floodgate. After
regaining his strength, Peter put the gag back into Jessica's mouth and
pumped it back up, and removed the pump. Then he pushed the lips of the
suit back closed and pushed her legs straight again, locking them back into
place.

"Ohhh nooo.. He's going to put me back up!" She said to herself.
Peter cleaned her out and put her back on the pole. Then hooked her back
up, and lowered her skirt. Before leaving he said one last thing "The display
ends the morning after tomorrow Jessica. But don't worry, tomorrow night
will be even better my mannequin doll.".

Now she realized she was a doll
for both of them. Not that she minded though. She was a rubber doll. Or
is it mannequin doll now. Who knows. The lights went out and her mind slowly
disappeared into the darkness again, to be awakened again tomorrow night.
Then finally released the next morning. She had what she felt was her last
thought for this night, before going numb again was, "If tomorrow night
was to be even better. I can survive till they release me. If they release
me. I can't wait...." and her mind trailed off.....
