---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Laura’s Christmas
authors:
- Orion1701
tags:
- Sbf
- naked
- rope
- gag
- bfold
- handcuffs
- caught
- F/f
- tickle
- tease
- mast
- climax
- cons
- X
---

It all started innocent enough. It was
christmas, and I was alone. I'm Laura by the way. I was living alone for
the first time and really enjoying the freedom. I had finally worked up
the nerve to try something that always intrigued me. Bondage, or rather
selfbondage. You see nobody knew of my fantasy's except for my friend Pat.
She went with me to buy my handcuffs. I told her they were for a joke gift
to a friend but I don't think she believed me.

The tree was decorated with colored lights and
ornaments. All other lights were turned off. The tree would supply all
that I needed. I sorted out the things I wanted to use for tonights adventure.
Leather belts, blindfold and leather gag with a stuffed pouch to fill
my mouth.

After setting my bathrobe on the sofa I sat on
the carpeted floor wearing only red thong panties. I wrapped the belts
slowly around my ankles being sure to loop each one separately. Then I
went above and below the knees with more belts. My legs were now secured
and I couldn't slip them free without my hands which were soon to be out
of the way.

Next I placed the gag in my mouth and buckled
the strap tight. In the spirit of christmas I added red and green stick
on bows to my boobs. The blindfold slid into place completely cutting off
the dim light. Almost done, I need to hug my thighs and reach the cuffs
that are attached to my ankle belt. With several loud clicks that I am
sure the neighbors can hear my hands are now secure.

This puts me in a sitting position with my hands
trapped under my bent knees. I can move some but that would mean scooting
along on my unprotected ass. Instead I choose to relax in front of the
tree and fantasize.

I didn't even hear the door open. The keys were
on the floor near by. I didn't even know someone took the keys for my cuffs,
I was too busy with other sensations. Like the restraints and the thong
between my legs. Neither of which was enough to bring me to orgasm, no
matter how much I wiggled and rocked on the floor.

Finally with frustration getting the better of
me I went for the keys. I twisted to my left. The keys were only a foot
or so away. Only they weren't there. I turned some more, still no keys.
I scooted forward and searched again, but no luck. Now I panicked, pulling
and kicking, trying to get free. I screamed and thrashed about until
I toppled over onto my right side.

'Oh shit am I screwed!' I thought. That's when something
brushed my foot. My barefoot! Softly it came again, brushing my feet
again. On it's third pass I giggled despite myself. I have very ticklish
feet. Again and again it came, feather soft making me laugh softly.

'Who is doing is I wondered? Who is here and why?'

The feathery object moved up my legs and brushed my sides and back. Fingers
replaced the feathers on my sides. I was really struggling now.
I thrashed wildly hoping to escape this attack, only to have another part
of my body tickled.

The assault stopped suddenly. I sat trying to
regain some composure and wondered at how excited I was. In fact I was
more frustrated than ever and wanted more! The blind fold was lifted away
and I saw Pat kneeling before me. She had the biggest smile on her face.

"I thought this is what you were going to do,"
she said, "after buying handcuffs and saying that you wanted to be
alone tonight!"

A weak hum escaped my gag in response, as I pulled
at my bound wrists.

"Oh no, christmas packages can't be opened until
morning!" Pat said. "But I'll see if there isn't something I can do with
it until then. Don't worry you won't be bored."

With that that blindfold was replaced and I was
in darkness again. Seconds later the tickling started again this time with
Pat's happy laughter added in. I turned to the side but that did not help.
It only exposed my thong protected ass which Pat slapped with her hand.

Once again my feet were the target of affection
as I helplessly thrashed around. Ever so slowly the tickling fingers found
their way between my bound legs and stroked my pussy. That's all it took,
all of the tickling and frustration had built up and reached it's
limit. The orgasm was fantastic, fireworks and rainbows, as I writhed
in total helplessness.

And morning is still a long way off.



2001
