---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiessz/silent_intruder.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: The Silent Intruder
authors:
- Robert Kingsley
tags:
- Sbm
- leather
- harness
- hood
- gag
- chain
- cuffs
- caught
- F/m
- tease
- mast
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2003-02-16 00:00:00
---

Thursday afternoon.

Sunlight filtered through the almost closed window blinds into the quiet
sleeping room. The bed was wide and inviting, the satin sheets glistening
in the few rays of sun that managed to sneak in. He stood totally naked
in the middle of the room, his clothes in a neat bundle on the chair next
to the dresser. Bending over he picked up a leather body harness. It felt
cool and stiff in his hands as he started to put in on, looping the straps
over his shoulders and closing them behind his back. The crotch strap had
a steel ring in it through which his cock and balls went; he pulled it
tight up behind his back and closed it. Then he closed the cuffs around
his ankles and locked them together.

He shuffled towards the bed and sat down. The feel of the satin sheets
against his naked and bound body aroused him and his erection became almost
painful as it strained against the steel ring encircling his genitals.
He swung his feet onto the bed and, bending over, hooked a chain to the
ankle cuffs. Then he lay back on the cool sheet and breathed deeply, trying
to calm down.

A black leather hood came next. He pulled it over his head
and fastened the chinstrap behind his neck. He breathed deeply once more
and then put a ball gag in his mouth. He now was blindfolded and gagged
and the set-up was nearly complete. Fumbling behind him he found the other
part of the chain. It went through the ring at the crown of the hood and
then through the back collar ring of the harness. He looped it back and
tightened the chain, hooking it onto itself way above his head. Then, after
hesitating a bit, he closed a handcuff around his left wrist, pulled the
short chain through a strap of the harness and closed the second cuff around
his right wrist.

He was trapped.

The chain checked every move he made. Raising his head or feet was impossible.
His wrists were locked behind his back in steel handcuffs and leather straps
bound his body. Mechanics governed his only escape, a key hooked up to
an alarm clock upon the dresser. As soon as the hour hand would reach 4
PM the key would slip off and swing on a string against his hips. By turning
on his side he would be able to grasp the key and unlock the cuffs.

But that would take at least another hour.

He lay back in his bonds, enjoying the feeling and wriggling a little
bit. The helplessness aroused him and his erection stood upright like a
flagpole. He could try to turn on his belly. Then he would be able to press
his cock against the bed and soon would have a relieving orgasm. But he
decided to wait and enjoy the bondage feeling.

His mind drifted back to some months ago when he and his wife had had
one of their rare talks about their sexlife. Their 14-year marriage had
been a good but dull one and lately she had not been too keen on having
sex at all. When they went to bed during the week she just turned over
and fell asleep. And on the rare Sunday mornings, when they did make love,
it was always in the same boring position. He had felt something was lacking
and that they needed something to spice it up. But what?

A few days later purely by accident he had parked downtown in front
of a sex-shop. The collection of bondage paraphernalia in the shop-window
caught his eye and he had been unable to walk away. Instead, he went inside.
He discovered that there were small video cubicles where you could choose
a sampler of a longer movie available on DVD or for VCR. Almost in a trance
he punched the combination for a BDSM selection.

When he came out of the cubicle he went through the shop and bought
a lot of stuff. Body harness, cuffs, hood, gag, garter belt and stockings.
And of course the DVD.

Then he went home.

It had been a disaster.

His wife took just one horrified look at the bondage gear, and when
he showed her the cover of the DVD she had left the living room shouting
that he was a pervert and she wanted none of this. So he had melancholically
dumped it all in a big cardboard box, which he put out of sight on a high
shelf in the garage. The relationship between him and his wife was somewhat
strained for the next few days, but it soon turned normal again.

Then one day, while he was home and his wife was working late, he took
the box to the sleeping room and started experimenting with self-bondage.
He had visited a number of websites and had a good idea how to go about
it. The feeling of being bound and helpless really excited him. He felt
his restraints so intense as if his senses were magnifying everything.
As a result his erection was actually bigger than he had been the last
few years. So, whenever his wife was away and would not return soon, he
bound and gagged himself. He was getting quite good at it…

He turned his head and the chain jingled a little bit.

He always lost track of time when he was bound and in the hood. How
late would it be? Did he hear the faint scraping noise that preceded the
release of the key?

No, it was something else.

THE DOOR SLOWLY OPENED!

He heard the faint creak of the hinges and he turned his head automatically
toward the sound. But the hood prevented him from seeing anything. He lay
tense on the bed, all senses straining to detect sound or movement. Then
he clearly heard footsteps, slowly but surely approaching the bed. His
heart jumped and in a panic he tried to get up and away. But the chain
pinned him down.

Without warning, a leather-clad hand encircled his cock in a tight grip.
His hips jumped up in a reflex and he tried to roll over but the hand firmly
pulled him back. Then it slowly slid up and down his suddenly very hard
cock while a second hand played with his balls. He moaned and tried to
free his hands from the steel embrace of the handcuffs but they held his
wrists in an iron grip.  ‘Who are you? What are you doing?’ 
He tried to yell but the gag would not let him. And the moans were met
with absolute silence, only broken by the swishing sound of the hand jerking
his cock off and the tinkle of the chains to his collar and feet.

His body began to move rhythmically with the movements of the hand on
his cock and he felt a momentous orgasm building up. Then suddenly, the
hand was gone.

‘Nooo!’ he cried and tried to move his body to find the hand again.

Then he suddenly felt a pressure on the bed and before he could react
he felt a warm, wet pussy sliding down over his swollen cock. He was being
fucked, hard and fierce, the pussy slamming down on his belly and engulfing
his cock up to the balls. A pair of breasts swished across his chest, nipples
touching his nipples. He moaned and wrestled and finally came in a shuddering
orgasm, while his bound legs jerked at the chain. The pressure lifted from
the bed and he heard the footsteps leaving the room, closing the door behind
them. After some time the key slapped against his hip and with a struggle
he managed to free himself of the cuffs and the hood.

There was no trace of the intruder…

The next few days he could not put the incident out of his thoughts.
It turned him on every time he thought about it. He could almost feel the
warm moist pussy sliding over his swollen cock. No way to fake the wetness
left behind. It had been a woman.

‘Who was it? Why did she do it?’   .

If he bound himself again, would she come again?

And how could he find out who it was?

He had searched the whole house but had not found a single clue about
the identity of the intruder. The scary part was that all the doors had
been locked and the windows closed…

The next time he went into self-bondage he set a trap.

He loaded his Sony Handycam with a 90-minute tape. A strip of black
masking tape prevented the red pilot light to show and he then carefully
hid it between books on the bedroom bookshelf. Quietly he donned the body
harness, hood, gag and cuffs again and hooked himself to the bed. Just
before he closed the cuffs he started the camera and dropped the remote
control behind the bed. With a wildly bouncing heart he snapped the cuffs
shut and he lay trapped, just like the last time.

After what seemed a very long time he heard the door creak as it was
quietly opened. The sharp tap of stiletto heels on the bedroom floor inexorably
approached the bed. His erection grew very hard as he expected the hand
to grip his cock again. Just when he raised his hips a bit, two steel clamps
unexpectedly bit his exposed nipples. He moaned and tried to escape but
the clamps were attached to chains and the chains were held tight. Every
move he made was now a torture as the intruder pulled the chains and the
serrated clamps tugged at his nipples.

His cock slid up and down between
a pair of breasts, but just before he climaxed the breasts disappeared.
He moaned and tugged at his restraints but the torture went on until finally
a warm, wet pussy slid over his swollen cock and he was fucked mercilessly
until he came in a wild and screaming orgasm and lay spent on the bed.

It took somewhat longer this time to free himself. He sat up, gingerly
touching his painful nipples and slowly put on a bathrobe.
Then he retrieved the camcorder. It took only a few minutes to hook
it up to the wide screen TV in the living room, rewind the tape and start
it. The picture came on, clear and sharp. He saw himself in the bondage
gear fastened to the bed and heard the snaps of the cuffs being shut. Then
nothing happened for some time.

Suddenly a figure crossed the room and bent over the prostrate form
on the bed. He only saw the back, but saw that it was undeniably a woman,
clad in an under slung bra, garter belt, black nylons and high heeled pumps.
And she wore no slip or panties. She quickly snapped something shut, then
stood erect again, tugging at the chains attached to the nipple clamps.
Then she knelt on the bed, straddling the prostrate body and pushing the
cock between her tits while she still pulled the chains. Her hair fell
down over her face and he still could not see who she was.

The sights and sounds and the view of his struggle against the bonds
excited him again so he almost unconsciously started to masturbate, climaxing
again when the woman rode the form on the bed into a frenzied orgasm.

Then she rose.

And while she walked away she looked straight into the camera lens as
she tossed her hair back with a flick of the head. 
He gasped and froze.

IT WAS HIS WIFE!

© 2002  Robert Kingsley – All Rights Reserved -
