---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Sun I Can't See
authors:
- Tigerstretch
tags:
- FM
- latex
- catsuit
- gloves
- toys
- insert
- rom
- cons
- X
date: 2020-03-30 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 1 - Sunrise

I decided to come to this small park to relax. It was just in front of the big luxury apartment building where I lived, a big skyscraper. One could say I was quite lucky to have this area just across the street because, in such a big city, there was not a lot of green space anymore. To me, it was vital to be able to go to a place where I could just sit down to smell and hear the remainder of nature.

Today, I was not working. It was late in the morning, and I was sitting on a small bench facing the pond with my book. Halfway through it, I couldn't get myself to finish it, it was not very good. What would be the point of imposing this on myself? There were plenty of other works I could try later if I wanted to.

I put it next to me on the bench before stretching and placing my elbows on the backrest. I turned my face to the sky, there were no clouds; I could feel it. The sun was intense, warming up the skin around my sunglasses.

When I was peaceful like this, I could hear and feel so many things. Everybody should take the time to do this occasionally, they would understand me better. I liked to build a mental representation of my environment, only using the sounds, the smells, and the touch.

Without vision, I could tell there was a hotdog stand somewhere on my left, probably a busy one as the employee kept repeating the same words over and over again to greet new customers. Regular clients were not receiving the same treatment as he used a much more genuine dialogue to reward them for their fidelity.

The pond in front of me was impossible to miss, of course. Adults and kids alike were feeding the ducks. The fascination experienced during this action crossed generations. To me, however, they were just water rats. I tried to feed them once or twice but found it pointless, and I didn't like the noises they made.

They should move them to a real forest instead of keeping them in the middle of a city to make people feel better. I guess humanity needed a reminder that they didn't destroy the whole planet yet, so they could keep doing it without guilt. The quacking water rats were that excuse.

There were also a bunch of other benches on my right that were all full from what I could hear. People, like me, reading a book to escape city madness or feeding pigeons. Blerk! Pigeons, I didn't even need to talk about those things. Flying rats.

There was a light wind today. I was a woman, but I could still feel the thin body hair of my naked arms, reacting to it; I was very sensitive. If it were blowing from the West, it would bring an odor of pizza. The hotdog smell would generally come from the East. Because it was merely a matter of paying attention, I could just let my senses receive all of this information effortlessly. For me, it was by far the easiest way.

The giant city was good to me. It would be hypocritical of my part to say otherwise as, even if not perfect, I made my money out of it. A chunk of it came from real estate, but I also had a specialization that made my work pretty valuable to a lot of people. Also, it was convenient to have all the services I needed at a walking distance; it made my life easier. Like most people living here, if I had to go somewhere a bit farther, I'd just get in a cab. Yeah, I liked it here, a lot.

"Sorry, do you mind if we share this bench?"

I returned my head to a level position and turned it toward the man that just asked that question. Here we were again. It never failed. It was a simple matter of time.

"Sure, no problem at all," I said.

"Thank you. The park is bustling today."

Yep, the chit chat had started. I scouted my butt to the left and returned my book to my lap. Next, the stranger was going to talk about the weather and eventually would start flirting with me. It was always the same recipe. Since it was a non-aggressive way to meet new people, it was all good.

I was not offended by unknown lonely men that tried to get a piece of flesh. They did nothing wrong, but I just wished that, eventually, one of them would use a different path to approach me. At least, based on his voice, this one seemed to be around my age, early thirties, I'd say, which made him a better candidate than the ones in their sixties that were pulling the same crap. Age was not the issue, but come on. Grow up!

He sat next to me, at least this one was not trying to touch me right away, else I'd have been out of here. I was ready. What would he say next? I waited... And waited?

Nothing? Was he ignoring me?

That was a bit odd. My head was pointing toward the quacking duck pond, but all my attention was on this man sitting next to me. I couldn't hear him preparing his voice and couldn't sense him hesitating. There was a strange calmness emanating from him. Usually, men were quite nervous while gathering the courage to speak to me. Why was he different? I waited some more, trying to figure out what I was missing? What was he waiting for to talk to me?

Then I heard him flip a page of his book. Again... and again. Was he truly reading and not paying any attention to me? I kind of felt like a fool for guessing wrong what he was going to do. My face felt warmer, and it was not because of the sun this time. It was merely a bit of self-humiliation.

By doing nothing, this guy made me rearrange my thought process. He got me curious, interested. I wanted to know why he didn't do what I predicted. He did have a friendly voice and was polite, so maybe I should try to talk to him? Then I realized something; I was squeezing my book very hard in my hands. Why was I that anxious all of a sudden? I groaned and lowered my head.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

"Ghk...!"

He scared me. I didn't deserve this embarrassment. Why did I groan anyway? Now I probably looked like a freak. But, perhaps I was right, he is going to talk to me after all. He was just waiting for an opportunity. That must have been the reason.

"I'm fine," I said.

"Okay... Sorry."

Sorry? What now? My face was burning even more. I heard him flip another page of his book. Was this apology all the extent of his social interaction? He didn't intend to speak to me at all. That was abnormal. What was his deal, was he gay? I was even starting to be a bit angry at him for ignoring me.

Without even noticing, I was the one that was currently gathering up some courage. How did it end up like this? It was supposed to be the other way around. And these damn water rats kept quacking as if to make fun of my situation. Okay, let's put an end to this nonsense. I turned to the guy and addressed him in a confident tone.

"Excuse me!"

"Mmm... Yes?"

"I..."

"What is it?"

Oh no! I was not ready... I just paused like an idiot because I had no idea what to tell him. He was waiting for my next words, but I had none to share.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

"I'm... sorry."

"Sorry for what? Do you want me to sit elsewhere? I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable."

"What? No! No, no! It is not that at all. It is just... you didn't talk to me."

"Uh? You are a strange one, alright. Look, do you need to talk? I'm a good listener if you need to vent about something."

Oh my Gosh, this went all wrong. It must have given the worst first impression ever. I was ready to show him how confident I was, but it turned into me looking like a vulnerable girl that had mental problems and needed a shoulder to cry on.

"I have no problems!"

"Haha. I didn't say you had. So, what is it then?"

"I... I don't know..."

Not only did I dig a hole, but I climbed down into it and even started burying myself. I wanted to run away. It was as if I was losing control, and on top of everything, my whole body was burning of shame. What was going on? Something like this never happened to me before.

"My name is Miles. What is yours?"

"Oh? What? My name?"

The guy attempted to jugulate my self-generated discomfort.

"Yes... Your name. You must have one. Right? Maybe look on your health card. It should be on it."

"I do. Hehe... Sorry. I'm Alex."

"So, what were you reading, Alex?"

Okay, he got me there. The tone he used while asking for my name made me smile. He was also distracting me with another question. He was too good at this. Did he plan all that to get to me? If that was the case, it was one nasty flirting technique. Maybe there was something to salvage out of this after all.

"Dune," I said.

"Dune? Like the movie?"

"Yes."

"It is an excellent book. I read it a long time ago. I didn't remember it being this big, though."

"It is... a special edition. But, it is the original text."

I rubbed the cover with my hand, trying to hide it but I couldn't do the same with its size. He didn't understand what I meant by "special," I think.

I liked his voice, but he was just trying to make me feel comfortable. I had to get back to my old self else I would annihilate that already damaged first impression. I needed to rattle his cage a little bit to turn things around in my favor.

"So, your name is Miles? Do you find me pretty?"

"Uh...? Well... Yes, you are. But that is not why I am here. You misunderstood my intentions, I think."

Ah! I got him.

"I know. I know. Don't worry. Tell me. What do I look like?"

"I'm sorry? Surely, you must have seen yourself in a mirror before. I did, and sometimes it is scary, but I don't need people to tell me what I look like. It is a strange question."

"Hehe, it is a strange question, but I'm asking it anyway. I like to hear how people perceive me. It is like a game."

"I perceive that you are as strange as your question. Okay, very well, I'll play. Let me take a good look at you. You have blonde hair tied in a ponytail, I can't see your eyes because of the sunglasses, but they look cute on you. Your skin is tanned and flawless. I'd say you are in your late twenties or early thirties. You don't look that tall, but you are not short either. You seem fit. Mmm, what else... I like what you are wearing. I like that short sleeve shirt. Is that enough?"

Answers like those were why it was so hard to meet interesting people. They were so superficial. Or maybe they just didn't process things the same way I was. It was a bit disappointing. I had higher expectations.

"What's wrong, Alex? It was not what you wanted to hear?" he asked.

"I'm not sure what I wanted to hear..."

"Alright, I'll try again then."

Try again? More of the same? I wasn't too sure I wanted to hear more about my clothing and tanned skin.

"You wear a ponytail because you have a day off, but the weaves on the side there makes me think it is not your regular haircut. Your tan tells me that you probably went to the beach, somewhere south not long ago. Health is important to you, so you eat well, and you exercise regularly."

"Oh my..."

I didn't expect that. He should have started with this right off the bat because he just reached the next level. Maybe he was not as superficial as I thought. Alright then, he deserved a reward.

"Miles, are you single?"

"Haha... I told you, I am just here to read my book. But, yes, I am. Are you?"

"I am too. Yes. Would you like to go on a date?"

"A date? I don't know, Alex. I am not sure what I want, I broke up recently with another girl. It is a bit too fast."

"Do it for me then? What about you just come over to eat. I'll cook something good, and we will go from there. Are you available tonight?"

"I am... but... sure... I have to move on, I guess. But, Alex, keep it simple, okay?"

"I can do that. See the big apartment tower over there behind us?

"The Theodore? You are not living there, are you?"

"I do, and I'm not going to apologize for it."

"No! Sorry! I mean... I didn't want to judge you by the cover. It's just that not a lot of people can afford to live there."

"It's not important. So, visit me at around 6 pm. You have to talk with the clerk, tell him my name, and they will escort you to my place. See you later."

"O... Okay."

Finally, I managed to get an interesting date for tonight. It didn't end well last time I pulled something like this, and it was a while ago, so hopefully it would go better this time around. Miles seemed smart enough and funny too. His voice was kind of dreamy; I couldn't wait to get to know him better. There was no significant risk anyway.

It just made me happy to get this opportunity today, that would be enough reward in case things went sideways. I hoped he would at least take the time to get to know me a little bit, unlike all the others. I don't think he noticed, so I would only find out tonight.

I stood up and carefully walked around the bench, sliding my hand on the backrest. I listened intently and, from the distance, heard the beeping of the pedestrian crossing located in front of my building. I slowly walked toward it. Miles was probably watching me, so I had to look somewhat sexy, and, more than anything else, it was not the right time to trip and fall.

I made it to the crossing without incident, but there was a lot of traffic today, so I had to be careful. I heard a familiar beep; someone already pressed the button for me, that was always convenient. The audible signal resonated, and it was my cue to cross the street. A good trick was just to follow the footsteps of another lady wearing noisy heels. That way, most of the time, I could avoid bumping into cars that were blocking the intersection. Listening to the other pedestrians swearing helped too. It worked great this time.

I made my way in the direction of my building, and it didn't take long for one of the doormen to notice and greet me.

"Miss Alex, you are back already? Are you going back home?"

"Hi, Albert. Yes, and I will have a guest tonight around 6 pm. His name is Miles."

"Very well, I will let the clerks know. Here, take my arm, let an old man feel useful, and guide you to the elevators."

I certainly didn't need help to find my way, but Albert was awesome. He was probably in his late sixties and always treated me like a real human being. When that doorman helped me, there were efforts made to make me believe that it was for his benefit and never for mine. The other doormen were friendly too, but Albert was my special one. Too bad, he was already married.

He walked me to the elevators and pressed the right button for me. Before the door closed, I asked him one last thing.

"Albert, can you ask security to keep an eye on me and my guest tonight, just in case?"

"Yes, Miss Alex, will do. Have a wonderful evening."

"Thank you, you too."

---

I was getting nervous. I kept pressing the button on my watch. And a small robotic voice confirmed that Miles could show up any minute.

"The time is 5:53 pm."

Well, at least I was ready, so was the food. I took a nice shower before jumping in some sexy underwear and a cute little summer dress... just in case. Feeling sexy during a date was legitimate, right?

I was sitting on the living room couch, and on top of the coffee table in front of me were two items. One was my phone, the clerk would be calling me if Miles indeed shows up, and the other item... I was not ready for it just yet.

I shouldn't have been surprised, but I jumped when my phone rang, betraying my anxiety. When I answered it, the clerk indicated that Miles had arrived and that they would escort him to my place. I gave them my blessing even though it made my heart beat faster.

"Come on, Alex! Everything will be fine... relax. It is just a friendly dinner."

I talked to myself in an attempt to not freak out any more than I was already. The second item, a long, narrow, and white silky piece of fabric, was waiting for me. I slid my fingers under it and lifted it to my face, placed it over my eyes and tied it comfortably behind my head. It was so soft. To me, this classy blindfold was the best way I found to feel at ease with myself when receiving visitors.

I stood up and walked to the door, waiting patiently for someone to knock, which happened not long after. I opened the door, and one of the clerks addressed me.

"Good evening, Miss Alex, Mr. Miles is here, should I let him in?"

"Yes, thank you."

"Have a great evening, Miss Alex."

I quickly took a few steps back and crossed my hands in front of me. That was a cute pose, I thought. My heart was racing, but I was doing my best to keep my composure. I heard Miles walking in, and the clerk closed the door behind him, leaving me alone with this strange new guy that I only met a few hours ago.

"Welcome to my place, Miles. I hope they treated you well."

"I..."

Moment of truth. He undoubtedly noticed the white blindfold I was wearing. This was the reason he paused. I just had to wait for his next move to find out if I would have a good date or if everything would crumble down to dust as usual.

"You look great, Alex. How are you?"

As much as I didn't expect a lot, my little heart filled with a bit of joy. His first comment was not about my blindfold; it was just to tell me that I was looking pretty. I'm sure my cheeks turned all red.

"Thank you. I really like this dress. It is a warm day, so let's start with something to drink. What would you like?" I asked.

"I'm not difficult, beer, wine, or whatever else you have."

"I have beers. I will have one too, just give me a sec. Please, sit on the couch, I'll be right there."

I happily trotted back to the kitchen and opened the fridge to grab two beer cans. I ran my fingertips on them to feel the embossment.

"Okay, I have Sappori and Oldcastle. Which one do you want?"

"Sappori sounds good. Hey, you have a nice view from here, what was it, the 38th floor?"

Darn, he didn't sit on the couch. I followed his voice and met him next to the window with our beers.

"Here, take it. Yes, the 38th floor. I know the view is facing other buildings, but it is fine. The apartments with a view over the park are so much more expensive. I wouldn't be able to afford one of those. I don't need this extra burden in my life. Do you need a glass for your beer? I always drink from the can; they don't break if I drop them.."

"I'm fine with the can as well. It is nice and cold; that is all we need, right?"

"Right. Come on, let's sit. I want to get to know you a bit better."

He walked to the couch, but unfortunately, I couldn't keep track of which one he sat on, I now had to pick a spot for myself, I just hoped I'd not sit on top of him, that would be catastrophic. Ideally, I wanted to choose the one of the two where he wasn't, just so I would not sit too close from him right off the bat, that would be a bit odd. But all I could do was to rely on luck. I picked a spot and sat down. Fortunately, nothing terrible happened.

"So, how was the rest of your day? Did you finish that book after I left?" I asked.

"Haha, no! I couldn't read anymore after meeting that strange girl."

OH CRAP! I sat right next to him. I even jumped a little when he replied.

"Oh! Hehe! Can you tell me more about that strange girl?"

"She was super cute, but a bit odd. She invited me for dinner, and when I got to her place, she magically became even more intriguing."

"Is... Is that so? How come?"

The silk blindfold was kind of a dead giveaway. I wished Miles had not gone there already, but what did I think? Of course, he was going to want to talk about this. I just wanted to be treated like a nice cute girl for a few hours, but I wasn't going to be mad at him for mentioning it. It was my life, after all. Who I was.

"Well, for a start, she is even cuter than I remembered, and a bit more mysterious as well. Her place is nice. Minimalist, but nice nonetheless. There is nothing on the walls, and everything is white. So it is hard to tell what kind of person she is."

He knows... Come on... Spit it out. I'm ready.

"Also... there is this book here on the table, she was reading it earlier. There is no text at all in it, it's covered with tons of small dots instead."

"Miles... I..."

"Sorry, Alex, I think it is better to get this out of the way so we can enjoy our evening, don't you think?"

"You... You don't want to leave?"

"Why would I? Come on. Say it already, so we can stop talking about it. The two of us putting on poor acting performances is not how I want to spend my dinner with you."

He was different. He was not uncomfortable as he should have been. Why was he like this? I started rubbing my neck nervously, knowing he was right. The reason that I didn't want to say it was that I didn't want him to leave and wanted to spend the evening feeling just like a cute girl and have fun. But now that he said that he wanted to stay so genuinely, what would be the point of trying to pretend any longer.

"Miles... I'm a blind person. It's from birth, and I never saw a thing in this world. I'm wearing this blindfold to hide my eyes. They look weird."

"I love the blindfold. Keep it."

"You are okay with it?"

"Yes, it's pretty. You look like Lady Justice. So, what is the deal here? How can you afford an apartment at the Theodore? You are some sort of genius or something?"

He didn't care... like, at all. I couldn't believe it; he just skipped to a different topic after telling me I was pretty. Not that talking about money was something I wanted to do, but at least he genuinely seemed not to give a shit whether I was blind or not.

"I worked hard. And a bit of luck. This place is not that big and is fully paid off already, I just have to pay the fees. It is only one bedroom," I said.

"Do you want to give me a tour?"

"Sure..."

Before we could even stand up, the phone rang; I used a vocal command to answer it.

"Answer. Speakerphone...! Hello?"

"Miss Alex? This is security. How are you doing?"

"Everything is fine. Thank you."

"Thank you. We will call again later."

Simple as that. Now Miles knew he had to be on his best behavior.

"They are keeping an eye on me?" he asked.

"No, an eye on me. Living here comes with some perks, Miles. You are not allowed to murder me tonight."

"Haha. Okay, noted, do not murder the cute girl."

"Come, you wanted to see my place. It is not that big, but wait till you see the bathroom."

We stood up and started walking around. I knew every inch of my place. All the distances and objects were recorded precisely in my brain, and I never moved a single piece of furniture since I lived here. I moved around with confidence. I showed Miles the kitchen, which was half-opened to the living room. Everything was white, I knew that much, and the countertops were grey granite. I showed him my favorite item, which was a fancy espresso machine that I loved so very much. I wanted to hug it. The next stops were the laundry room and the mighty bathroom.

"Geez, Alex..."

"Haha. You like it?"

"This is nuts... This bathroom is bigger than my apartment."

"I know, right, I love it so much. This is why I picked this unit. You know, for me, it is all about the sense of touch, so I wanted the nicest shower and tub. It is also a sauna."

"Wow... just... wow."

"Come, I'll show you the rest."

I showed him around my office. It was a small room where I had my paperwork, computer, and accessibility equipment I used to do my job. Some days I wished I could stop working and say goodbye to all those neverending reports that I had to type. Bleh! I wasn't there just yet.

The final stop was the bedroom. I opened the door and walked in first. Usually, the guests are baffled by it.

"So, this is my big bedroom. The whole wall is made of windows, but nobody can see in from the outside. I don't know how it works. It's probably magic. What do you think?"

"Well, it is very... How to say... kinky?"

Uh? Did he just say kinky? Where did that come from all of a sudden? I started to get a bit nervous... I did have a couple of secrets hidden inside the closet, but I remembered clearly closing the doors, so I was wondering if something was off. Too bad that I had no quick way to verify. My eyes were my hands and ears, not very useful in a case like this. I grew a bit uncomfortable.

"Hee... What do you mean, kinky?" I asked.

"Ah. Okay. So it is not here on purpose? Well, I tell you, I didn't care about your blindness, but this... I'm sorry, but I care VERY much!"

"Miles! What... What are you talking about? Tell me!"

The noise I heard next was not the one I wished to hear. It was the evident rubbery noise of a latex garment. Only now, I remembered and understood what Miles saw and just picked up. It was a full latex catsuit that I left on the bed when I was cleaning earlier. I must have been so nervous that I forgot to put it back in the closet with the rest. My body burned hot from embarrassment. I extended my arms in front of me and panicked a little.

"Oh, no! No, no, no! Give it to me... Now!"

"Heeey. Relax. It's nothing. Don't be shy like this. I just discovered a little deviant side of your personality, that's all. Here, it's in front of you."

"Shut up! Give it to me."

"Haha, you should see how cute you look right now."

I wrapped my arms around the suit, turned it into a ball of ruffled rubber and lowered my chin on it. Something like this was not supposed to happen. Then two male hands gently grabbed my shoulders.

"Calm down, Alex. I love it. Don't be shy."

"...Mph. Don't touch me. And I'm not shy."

"Alright, there, not touching. But I would love it if you wore it for me."

"Uh? What? MILES! NO!"

"Why not? Don't tell me you don't like it, I would not believe you. Don't you like wearing it?"

"I do, but... Hey, NO! I don't know you."

"What does it have to do with me? Whether or not you are wearing the suit, I won't suddenly try to get in your pants. I'm not like that."

"So, why would I do that then?"

"That is what I said earlier, you love latex, and I love to look at girls wearing it. It's not a crime."

I couldn't even call him a pervert, I was hugging a rubber catsuit right in front of him. This bullet would be a blank. This idea he planted in my head just now caused the butterfly in my stomach to take off and party. I didn't know him at all... So, why was I getting excited about the thought of wearing it tonight? Again, his voice. It didn't project any abusive vibes or anything ominous; I didn't think he was dangerous at all. He was just having fun.

The phone rang again, pulling me out of my trauma.

"Answer. Speakerphone...! Hello?"

"Miss Alex. Security check."

"...No issues, thank you."

"Thank you."

There was some sort of cold silence after this call. Perhaps he was starting to get offended by those security checks. I needed this service to protect myself as I was a bit vulnerable, but at the same time, I could understand why a nice guy like him could be insulted for being treated as a potential rapist.

"Alex. Listen, this is just for fun. It is to do something we both like. Okay, let's do something about this fear of yours. Look, give me the suit, I'm just going to put it here on the bed."

His tone was reassuring. But again, I never thought he meant to harm me or anything. He gently tugged on the catsuit, and I let it go reluctantly.

"Thanks. Now open your hands. I'm going to give you something."

"What is it?"

I placed my girly hands open together in front of me.

"Here, this is my phone and my wallet. That is all I have on me. Hide it somewhere... It is not much, but it is all I can do to show you that I can be trusted and that I trust you."

"Mmm... I'm still not sure I should do this; wearing a kinky suit in front of a stranger is odd."

"Hehe... Yes, you are sure, else you wouldn't even consider it. Just admit it, you want to."

"Miles! Stop...! Okay... Don't move. Maybe you are right... a little... but I want to check something first before I decide. And take those things back, I don't want them."

I gave him back his wallet and phone, I didn't care about his items at all, but it was a nice gesture, he was at least trying to comfort me. I reached him with my hands and started to feel him. That's what I do best.

"Seriously? You are wearing Jeans, on a warm day like this? What color are they?"

"Blue... they are Silvers brand."

"I know that. I'm not dumb."

"What? You can tell just by touching them?"

"Yes. It's easy."

I then checked his top. It was a t-shirt. I tried to find a logo on it, but couldn't find any, and it felt like cheap fabric.

"Why are you wearing a t-shirt? Didn't you have a nice shirt or something? Was I not worth more than a cheap t-shirt?"

"Alex... I was going to explain to you all that. But when I saw your blindfold, I thought I could get away with it. I live at the other end of the city, and I didn't have time to go back. And you are tickling me... Are you done already?"

"I shall forgive you this time only. I hope it is clean, at least. And no, stay still, I'm not done."

I checked his fingers for rings and his neck for chains or something. There were none. The next part, for a sightless person, could be quite intimate, so I preferred to ask him first.

"Can I touch your face?"

"Sure... but you are making me nervous."

"Are you good looking?"

"I don't know... Wait...! How is this important?"

"It is not. I can make up my own opinion about your visage. I just wanted to know if you were pretentious."

"Darn, Alex. You are evil."

"I can be. Stay still for a sec."

His ears were not pierced, but there were some small hairs that should have been plucked off. I checked his facial structure; it was pretty generic. As he said earlier, he didn't have time to go back home, so he was not clean shaved. It was a 5 O'clock shadow, but yet, it was not rough to the touch. He probably couldn't grow a decent beard even if he tried. His nose was a bit oily, but people didn't notice that in general. He didn't have any moles or anything like that. Overall he looked like a typical Caucasian.

"Close your eyes. What color are they?" I asked.

"Boring brown? And are you done? I feel scrutinized."

"Hehe, it's because you are. I think you look fine. Oh, dear..."

"What? What did you find now?"

"Your eyelashes are SO long. Are you sure you are not a girl?"

"Hey!"

"Just kidding... but they are very long. And you should pluck off the hair in between your eyebrows; it's gross. What color is your hair?"

"Kind of black."

"Alright, I'm done."

I won't tell him that, but he was somewhat of a cutie. To me, he seemed healthy. As I thought he was thirty or so, he didn't seem too tired, so he must get enough sleep. Being sightless was great for this kind of exercise. I could learn so much about people just by touching them. I could hear them very well too; Miles was obviously nervous when I started feeling him. When I listened to his breathing change, I discovered that he liked me more than he led me to believe. He said I was cute and all, but there was more to it, and I wondered if he realized it himself.

"Okay, you know what? If you promise to be a gentleman, I think I'm going to be bold and wear my catsuit just for you."

"Aaah, Alex. That would be super cool, but you know... do it for yourself too. I was pushy just the kick of it, but don't do it if you are not comfortable."

"Mr. Miles. Do you have sudden remorse?"

"Hehe, maybe I do. I just really like girls in latex. I didn't mean to push you."

"Nah, it's all good. Let's do this. Go back to the living room while I'm dressing up. Unless you want to try the fancy shower?"

"Can... Can I?"

"Of course you can. Go right ahead. You need a shower anyway. Oops... Did I say that out loud?"

After this last little tease, I showed him where the towels were, and I went back to the bedroom, whispering some individually crafted words to myself.

"What the hell am I doing to myself?"

I stripped naked and placed all my clothes on top of the dresser. In one of the drawers, there was a bottle of lube that I picked up. I poured a bit of it in my hand and started rubbing the slippery liquid all over my skin. One reassuring thing was the sound of the water splashing that came from the bathroom, it was telling me that Miles was not peeking on me, and he was instead enjoying the luxurious shower. It was time for me to get in my latex catsuit.

For me, everything was about texture. People described wearable latex to me in the past since I couldn't see it, but their descriptions always left me puzzled. They kept saying it was shiny when polished, as an example. Telling this to a girl that had no concept of light, was a bit pointless, it didn't help me at all to understand why kinky people loved it. To me, rubber was building material, not quite erotic.

That was until a friend made me wear a pair of latex opera gloves for fun, I became hooked. It was SO different than what I expected. I touched rubber before, but wearing it was much more intense. I understood the meaning of the word "shiny" when she polished my arms. If light were anything like the wind, it would just slide effortlessly on the perfectly smoothed latex surface.

The catsuit I had was hugging my entire body, making me feel so good. I was wearing it often when I was by myself, just because I liked the sensation so much, and I was about to put it on again, this time with an observer. Sitting on the edge of the bed, I slid my legs effortlessly inside the suit. Then I tried to remove all the wrinkles around the feet and ankles; at least that was an excellent excuse to caress my body. Once satisfied with the comfort level around my toes, I stood up and pulled the catsuit over my hips and... wait... I felt a bit naughty. I tiptoed back to the dresser and opened another drawer to grab one of my jelly dildoes.

"This is nuts. But... I'm so turned on!"

After hesitating for way too long, and trying to calm my heartbeat, I decided to go for it. I inserted the dildo inside my already soaking wet pussy and pulled the suit over it. I then put my arms inside the sleeves and pulled the suit over my shoulders. The lube kept making the whole operation easy.

I could feel the dildo when I was rubbing my crotch with my gloved hands; it was easy for me to tell it was in there, but... I didn't know if it would be visible to Miles. I was semi-confident that I would get away with it; It seemed discreet enough to me.

Next was the attached hood. I pulled it over my head and aligned the mouth and nose holes. There were none for the eyes as it was pointless, for apparent reasons. I was at the point where I just needed to zip the whole thing up. I was considering letting Miles do it for me as it would be much easier. Yeah, I would do that.

I went to the closet and started rummaging like a raccoon in a plastic bin on the floor. I pulled out a pair of short vinyl high heeled boots; those always made me feel extra sexy. Maybe I could ask Miles to take care of the lacing as well. I giggled at my naughty thought, knowing it would be an excellent way to learn if he had a foot fetish.

One downside of being covered in latex was that it included my fingers too. It sure felt delicious, but it was taking away a lot of the sensitivity I needed to be functional. They were my eyes. A wave of anxiousness washed over me when I remembered that I still had to finish preparing the food tonight and this would make it much harder...

"Oh no, I forgot about that part," I said.

"What part...? Oh my..."

Miles startled me. I was way too absorbed by my latex experience, and I didn't notice the water had stopped. Well, at least I was not naked anymore. I requested his assistance.

"Can you zip up my suit?"

"S... sure..."

"What's wrong?"

"Nothing, you are just so beautiful. It's crazy... Did someone ever tell you how good you look in this suit?"

With my face hidden, I could blush to my heart content. I was not going to answer his question. Miles stepped behind me and started sealing me in. The feeling of the latex sliding and getting tighter around my skin was so erotic. I had to try at least to keep a minimum of composure. He was so very gentle. He didn't even try to touch me if only to move my hair out of the way. I wasn't sure if it was because of the suit, but I kind of wanted him to hug me. It was torture.

"Do you have some polish?" He asked.

Oh no! I forgot about that part too. I did have some polish, but... was he going to offer me his help? Semi-reluctantly, I walked to the dresser once more, feeling around for the right bottle inside the drawer.

"I... do..."

"Okay, do you need help?"

"S... Sure."

What else could go wrong? This whole adventure was escalating way too fast for the little me. Miles started at my feet; he was very straight forward about it. He probably knew that trying things right now would not end well for him. Slowly, but surely, he went up and up with the pad, reaching my sensitive thighs and my butt. In a very gentle tone, he tried to warn me of his next move.

"Relax, Alex. It will only take a second, I won't try anything..."

As he said that, I understood that he was going to polish my crotch next. He had no ill intention, but only now, way too late, it came to me that I had this dildo inserted between my legs. And he would undoubtedly discover it. I felt his hand rubbing the pad right over it. My heart almost exploded, and I let out a big involuntary moan. I was done for! I would be Alex, the slut, forever.

"...Alex...? Is this a ...?"

"...nng...! Maybe."

"Really? Well, that is cute. I bet it feels good too."

To confirm that what he felt was what he thought, he put his whole hand over my pussy and pushed the dildo deeper. People that relied solely on the sense vision to see things were not that gentle with their hands. I could only slide a finger quickly, and I'd have had all the information I needed, but Miles didn't have that skill obviously. The dildo moved inside me, making me moan some more, and my legs started shaking.

"Wow, Alex, you are quite something, you know that? Let's finish the rest of your body."

"Yes... please."

It was HARD to contain myself. The polishing pad was rubbing all over me, and as much as I tried, it was almost impossible not to feel this as erotism. Particularly the breast and face. I kind of wanted to get fucked right away, but I had to resist that urge. Miles was just here for a friendly dinner, after all. As if ...

"Your hood without eyes is amazing. Come to the living room. You need those boots on as well, I suppose?" he asked.

"Yes, if you don't mind."

Our awkward walk arm in arm to the living room was brutally interrupted by the phone ringing again.

"Answer. Speakerphone...! Hello?"

"Miss Alex. Security here."

"Yes, everything is good..."

It just felt wrong to keep doing this to Miles. I had to allow him to feel like a regular guy at some point. This date was ours, and by now, he convinced me that he wouldn't do anything terrible.

"You know what, guys? I think I'm going to be fine. Thanks for your help tonight."

"Are you sure? It is no problem at all, you know. We are here for you."

"Thank you, no, I'm good. I will call you if there is an issue."

"Very well, Miss Alex, enjoy your evening."

I hung up and stayed silent for a moment. I was not wondering if I did the right thing, but I still felt a bit vulnerable, out of habit. I tried to remind myself that Miles had been great so far, and I was trusting him. Worst case scenario, my phone system was all voice-operated. I could call security with a single word if there were anything wrong. But deep down I knew it wouldn't come to that.

"Alex, I'm going to touch your neck area gently, don't be scared."

"Okay... but why...? Eeep!"

"Hehe, you are a sensitive one. Listen, I want to be honest here. I didn't want to come today. I am here because you asked me to. As I said, I'm still missing my ex, and I'm not ready to go crazy just yet. But what you are doing for me right now is amazing, and I appreciate it a lot. It is hard for me not to sound creepy when I tell you that I love girls in latex and all, but it is just because I'm uncomfortable. I want to enjoy it, but I'm a bit scared. I don't want to hurt you with my personal mess."

And me who thought I was the scared one. We needed to talk. We were both enjoying this way too much already, but at the same time, we were not ready to go too far.

"Well, Mr. Miles, I think we are going to be just fine."

I hugged him.
