---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Artful Ambush
authors:
- Frosted Moonwright
tags:
- FM+-f
- bond
- rope
- gag
- sex
- oral
- anal
- fight
- hogtie
- reluct
- cons
- X
date: 2025-07-13 00:00:00
---

The full moon gave the empty street a somewhat eerie shade as Leah walked home. This was not a ‘nice’ neighborhood, as she well knew, but she carried herself with an athletic grace that spoke of repressed ferocity and made all but the dumbest pickpockets and muggers stay well clear of her. One of her friends had once described it by saying that Leah didn’t ‘walk’ like any other person did, she ‘stalked’ through the city, as if waiting for a reason – or excuse – to erupt into motion. Leah had to admit that it was a fairly accurate assessment, as she had – on multiple occasions – exploded into unexpected violence in response to an attempted robbery or assault. She smirked briefly at the memory of the scrubby thief’s expression on discovering that his target was much less vulnerable than previously thought. *He won’t make that particular mistake again, if he’s learned anything from the experience.*

Her peripheral vision and other senses were on constant scan for potential threats, too; a courtesy of her upbringing in a ‘prepper’ community. Her ‘guardians’ – she did not allow herself to think of them as parents, because they had not filled any of the typical roles – had made sure that her senses were honed and that she understood that **everybody** outside their community was a threat to her safety. Since escaping that cultish life, she had certainly revised some of her opinions, but many of the self-protection instincts remained strong. Intellectually, she knew that **most** people didn’t care in the least about her, much less actually wished her harm of any kind, but the emotional side of her brain didn’t always care what the intellectual side thought, regardless of how convincing the logic was.

This train of thought was a frequent one for her. *The battle of rational vs. emotional, who is going to win the day?* she wondered to herself. *Emotional is certainly more pleasant to live with, and does help me make – and keep – friends, but rational is certainly useful at times, too.*

As if to illustrate her point, a small animal – *a fox, maybe?* – down the street upended a bin, scattering debris on the road with a loud commotion. She knew that at some points in her life, that type of sudden noise would have spiked her adrenaline and set her to identifying possible escape routes. Now, she just identified the racket as not a threat to her, briefly debated setting the bin back upright before discarding the idea, and continued on her way home.

As a result of her assessment and discarding of potential threat, she was **completely** surprised when a muscular arm wrapped suddenly around her waist and yanked her bodily through an open door into a dark shop. Even surprised as she was, her instincts prompted her to react, and before she even consciously recognized what was happening, she had wrapped one hand around the offending wrist and the other seeking an elbow pressure point to break the hold. The arm was immensely muscular and veritably covered in hair – she would not have been surprised to find out that she’d be grabbed by a gorilla. Before she could break the hold the arm had on her, she was spun around and unceremoniously flung to the floor. Converting her forced motion into a fluid half-roll, she had her hands and feet under her and was moving evasively before the brute could pounce on her again. She spun around to face her assailant, prepared for an immediate reaction, only to find him standing nonchalantly in front of the door with his hands on the hips of his worn overalls, grinning broadly.

“Well, well, what have we here?” the rumbling bass voice asked. “A new toy to play with?”

Leah didn’t respond, other than baring her teeth in a facsimile of a predatory threat. She was on the balls of her feet, ready for movement in any direction, and had her hands up and open in a defensive and deflection stance. The ruffian was a bit shorter than average, but just about as wide as he was tall. *Strong, but probably not that quick,* Leah thought. *Grappling is probably a bad idea, but I should be able to avoid him without too much difficulty.* Listening to the cadence of the situation, she counted out the beats of the moment, trying to determine when to break the temporary stillness. *It’ll be better if I move first,* she thought, *it’ll give me a partial second of advantage over this lumbering bruiser. Right about…* _**now***_.* She leaped to the side, deftly dodging behind some tables and putting distance between them. She trusted in her agility to enable her to outmaneuver her opponent. *As soon as he’s away from that door, I can get by him and be home free. No way he can catch me in the street.*

As if he’d heard her thoughts, the roughneck smiled and rotated slightly to face her, keeping his body between her and the door. This was… unexpected. If he was trying to rob or assault or otherwise endanger her, he’d have to eventually catch her to do so. Merely standing there was a waiting game that would only end if she willingly put herself in reach of those gorilla arms. But this meant that they were at a stalemate. Nothing would happen until Leah chose for it to happen, apparently.

A flash out of the corner of her eye made her jerk her head backwards, just in time to avoid the small rubber ball flying past her temple. She glanced at the direction that the ball had come from, and saw a slim and dark woman leaning against the wall there. Leah’s initial impression of her was that she was probably tough, but clearly not as physically imposing. The woman was smirking assuredly, and was dressed in black leather and a set of torn jeans. “She’s pretty quick, yeah? Might be hard for you to catch. Want me to help?”

The ruffian at the door – *’Gorilla’*, Leah thought – shrugged expansively, highlighting his enormous shoulders, and raised his hands palms up. “She’ll come to me when she’s ready. Besides, I think she’s too good for you to handle alone.”

“Ah, but she’s not alone, is she?” asked a velvety tenor with an English accent, coming from a man standing only a few meters away, dressed in loose-fitting flowing clothes. Leah startled, as she hadn’t even heard the whip of a man in the room. He was very tall, very thin, and moved like a snake. She immediately classified him as ‘extremely dangerous’. She absently noticed that he was holding the ball that the brunette had thrown. *I didn’t even know he was there, and didn’t hear him catch the ball?* she thought. *He’s* _**incredibly***_quiet. Three-on-one isn’t great odds, especially since they all seem to know each other already.* However, despite her thoughts, the stalemate seemed to continue, as nobody wanted to be the first to move.

So Leah broke the imposed serenity with a rush of movement. A chair was grabbed from a nearby table and flung backwards at the snake-man as she rushed the door. A leaping kick at Gorilla – aimed for the collarbone area with an intent to push him off-balance, and if she was lucky, enabling her to carry her momentum over the man and out the door – was casually blocked with one overlarge forearm. *If I hadn’t seen that just happen, I’m not sure I’d’ve believed it,* she thought distantly, as she launched herself backwards off the arm to stay out of grapple range. As she landed, the leather-woman was within arms’ reach, landing a solid rabbit punch to her ribs. Leah rolled with the hit, grabbed the offending arm, and flipped the woman over her and onto the ground. As she followed up with a throat strike to take the woman out of the fight entirely, a slim hand deftly deflected the strike harmlessly to the ground. *’Snake’ has definitely had a lot of training in the arts,* she thought, *but I bet I can out-muscle him.* She struck out with a leg sweep, and the martial artist easily levitated over it. As she’d been expecting this, her other leg embedded itself firmly into his stomach, causing a sharp exhalation, and then she planted her previously-sweeping leg and veritably launched the man halfway across the room. She used the remaining momentum from her push to spring to her feet, ready to move again.

It was not a moment too soon, as she narrowly avoided the rushing bear hug from Gorilla. He did manage to hang on to one of her wrists, but the rest of her remained mobile. She knew the counters to break a wrist-lock, and while her assailant’s immense strength helped his hold, it couldn’t possibly stop her entirely. She twisted out of his grip, disregarded the optional wrist-break option as she wasn’t sure that it would work, and catapulted towards the door and her freedom. Her dash was interrupted by a two-footed kick from the woman in leather – *‘Hawk’*, Leah thought – briefly knocking the wind out of Leah and throwing her to the ground. In the mere seconds before she regained her footing, Snake was there, seizing an arm and twisting it in a painful manner.

“Do it, Tess!” he urged, “I can’t hold her for long!” Leah was surprised – and somehow, also not – when a short piece of rope was looped around her restrained wrist. *Gotta get away before Gorilla gets up. If he gets me, I’m doomed.* The rope was wrapped around her upper arm, nearly pinning her arm to her shoulder, in what she’d’ve called a ‘chicken wing’ if she’d been thinking about it. She was able to find a weakness in her opponent’s leg balance and pivot underneath him to defeat the hold, but it seemed a little late, as her arm was now stuck until she could get rid of the rope. She bucked him off, but Hawk – *Tess*, she mentally corrected herself – had managed to hang on to an ankle in the melee. As Leah reeled back to strike the limpet, a borderline-square leg – belonging to Gorilla – interposed itself to foil her impending attack. This was followed, predictably and unavoidably, by her half-bound arm being grabbed by what felt like an industrial press.

“Another one, please?” Gorilla asked mildly. “She’s still too hazardous for my taste.” Tess leaped to her feet, whipping another short rope out of her pockets. They wrestled Leah’s bound arm behind her back, and lashed the new rope into the previous loop. As she wrapped the loose ends around the opposite shoulder, tighter and tighter, Leah’s arm was pinned more and more thoroughly behind her.

As an act of desperation, Leah violently swept her free arm around, aiming for the Gorilla’s head. Her hopes were dashed when the arm was caught expertly, almost gently, by Snake. He maneuvered her arm so that her hand was behind her head, with her elbow pointed straight upwards; a position where she could exert no force from it, and certainly not enough to get away from Gorilla’s clutches. “Ah, here you are, Tess,” he said urbanely, “if you’d be so kind.” That wrist was also soon cinched with rope, and the rope was pulled downwards until it was tied off to the other wrist below. Leah was struggling violently still, one arm pinned near her spine, the other held above her in an uncomfortable position, her hands nearly touching by her shoulder blades.

“Thank you, Asher,” said Snake, standing up. “This one’s quite the handful.”

“I’ll say,” said Gorilla lasciviously, openly eyeing the bound woman up and down. “Maybe even two handfuls.”

Leah glared at him briefly, then powerfully kicked her legs and leaped to her feet, bound arms notwithstanding. She swept a foot under a surprised Gorilla’s – *Asher,* she amended – legs, knocking him from his feet. She ducked under Snake’s outstretched arm and broke for the door, but was tackled roughly by Tess before she could make the door.

“Caspian! Get her leg!” Tess called. “Rope’s in my pocket!” Snake pulled out a rope and wrapped it several times around Leah’s upper calf, just below the knee. This was pulled upwards and tied off to one of the ropes wrapped around her shoulders, pressing her knee into her side, near her armpit. Leah groaned at the stretch this placed on her, as well as knowing that she was now well and truly stuck.

“Now I know your faces, and your names,” said Leah, breaking her silence for the first time. “Whatever you do to me, I’ll do to you twice over. Only difference is that you’ll never know when it’ll happen.”

“Hmm, kitten has fangs,” said Asher half-admiringly. “Fortunately, she’s been at least mostly declawed for the moment.”

“KITTEN!?” Leah exploded. “I’ll tear you all to pieces! I’ll destroy yoummmmmpphhh!” Leah’s invective was interrupted by Caspian slipping a ball gag into her mouth. “Mmmpth! MMmrsssstrrrdd!”

“There’s no one around here at this time of night to hear you,” said Caspian as he tightened the straps behind her head. “But I’d prefer to not be screamed at regardless.”

“I dunno, Caspian,” responded Tess. “It might be interesting to hear what she has to say when she finds out that this wasn’t a coincidental grab.” Leah’s eyes bulged angrily as she fought the ropes, cursing indistinctly. “Yes, my dear, we were here specifically for you.”

“Well, also for us,” interjected Asher. “It’s not **just** a business venture, there’s definitely some pleasure to be had. Right, Caspian?”

“Yes, quite,” said the elegant man. “In fact, we may as well get started.” With that, he made a snake-like swipe of an arm, and a blade that Leah hadn’t even seen went through her top like paper. Her athletic chest was only hidden by her bra now, which she expected would not last long. And her assumption was correct, as the knife came down again and again despite her struggles and attempts at avoiding it. In short order, she was entirely naked outside of the ropes and gag. She focused her furious glare on Caspian, who seemed to shed it as easily as water off a duck.

“Boys, boys,” said Tess, “you should know by now how this works. You have to check with your victim to ensure they’re enjoying themselves, remember?” At their nods, she leaned over the bound woman. “If you don’t want this to continue, just tell me to stop at any point, ok?”

“Stppphphhh!”

“I’m sorry, I didn’t understand that. You’ll have to speak more clearly if you want to be understood.” With a transparently duplicitous smile, Tess leaned over and sniffed at Leah’s hairline. “She smells nice. Maybe I should have a taste?” She grasped Leah’s hair, assertively tilted her head to the side, and nibbled at her exposed neck. The visible quiver that went through her quarry told her that she was close to the mark. “So soft, so vulnerable…” As her teasing mouth reached the collarbone area, Leah was entirely unable to stop herself from arching her back as much as she could manage, as the waves of sensation ran through her.

“Ah, yes, that seems to have confirmed it,” said Caspian. He drew a light finger down Leah’s ribs, furthering the quivers that Leah was unable to suppress completely. “Do you mind if I join in, Tess?”

“Not at all, there’s just so many spots deserving of attention, don’t you agree?”

“I do indeed,” purred Caspian, and added his own mouth and hands to the treatment that Leah was receiving.

Leah, on the other hand, was having an increasingly great deal of trouble concentrating on escaping. The prior activity had been invigorating, she had two mouths and four hands actively teasing her, and the feeling of restriction was not helping her overall arousal. But she resolved to show as little as she could, as she didn’t want to give her captors that satisfaction.

“She’s trying to hide it, I see,” said Asher, penetrating directly through her attempt. “But I’m not sure she has any practice at subterfuge.” He leaned over and slid a wide-fingered hand over Leah’s exposed pussy. Her immediate writhing and muffled moan illustrated his point, and his fingers came away slick with her arousal. “I can see what you want, kitten. And I’m going to give it to you.” While keeping eye contact with his bound hostage – Leah felt that she **couldn’t** look away – he casually shed his clothes, revealing an incredibly muscular, hirsute form underneath. Leah felt her eyes inexorably drawn downwards until they focused on his erection. To her relief, it was not hairy, but did match the scale of the man, being strikingly thick. He rolled a condom on slowly, almost tauntingly, while intently watching her completely fail to tear her eyes from his cock. “Ahh, is this what you’re wanting, kitten? I’m happy to oblige.” With that, he picked her up bodily, holding her aloft with not so much as a quiver in his arms. “And you’re already conveniently ready for me, how polite of you.” He lifted her slightly, so that her bound leg rested on top of his shoulder, then settled her down slowly – how agonizingly **slowly** – onto his waiting erection.

Leah felt as if she was going to be split in half. She had known that the monster would stretch her already, but she hadn’t even considered the position she was in. Spread as her legs were, it felt so much tighter than it normally would have. Fortunately, she thought wryly, there seemed to be **plenty** of lubrication to help out. As the brute repeatedly lifted her and impaled her on his cannon, frustratingly unhurriedly, she impotently tried to repress her reactions, so that it wasn’t obvious she was also enjoying herself. She cried out into her gag, and hoped that it sounded more like threats than the sounds she was actually wanting to produce.

“Mmmm, I like those noises,” murmured Tess from behind her. “Nice and sweet, so unlike her earlier fury.” She grazed her teeth over the edge of Leah’s ear and exhaled huskily. Leah’s resulting full-body shiver was clearly visible to all parties, and Asher gasped a bit at her sudden squeeze.

“I think she liked that, Tess,” Asher said, punctuating his sentence with rhythmic thrusts that induced an irregular tempo of breathing on the helpless Leah. He sounded much less out of breath than she did, despite that he was doing most of the work. “She squeezes pretty nicely for a ‘sleeve.” Leah scrunched her eyes shut at the implied disparagement, trying to not show that the barb had struck a nerve.

Tess grinned predatorily and bit down on Leah’s neck, holding the bite and feeling her prey writhe impotently. Supporting the bound woman’s weight partially on her own shoulder, she let her fingers wander across the bare ribs and up the athletic but still supple breasts. Leah’s nipples were quite erect, and she seemed to be unable to stop herself from reacting to the insistent fingers.

“Hey Asher, help me lay her down,” said Tess after a moment. “I have an idea.” She braced her hands under Leah’s back, letting her stretch out horizontally. Asher appeared to have no issue at all holding up the majority of Leah’s weight with just his burly hands on her waist. Leah thrashed her head back and forth as they laid her down on the floor, pinning her bound arms beneath her. Once she was down, Asher resumed his rhythmic thrusting, each stroke drawing another short gasp from the bound woman.

Outside of Leah’s range of vision, Tess reached into one of her many pockets and pulled out a ring gag. After briefly locking eyes with Caspian, she reached over and unclasped the ballgag in Leah’s mouth. As it was ejected from her mouth, the resulting diatribe was almost exactly as expected:

“Get off me, you beast!” Leah shouted. “I’ll kill you all, you bastaaaaararagggh…” Her invectives became a howl of anguish as Caspian pulled both of her erect nipples harshly, and Tess used her distraction to slip the ring gag into her mouth. Leah’s eyes bulged as the strap was inexorably tightened behind her head.

“There, isn’t that better?” asked Tess rhetorically. “You can make some more sounds now, so you’ll have to let us know how we’re doing.” Leah’s wordless whine was periodically interrupted by Asher’s forceful-but-leisurely thrusts.

“Tell you what,” said Tess after a moment. “You make better use of that mouth and maybe I’ll think about untying you.” Caspian shot a brief warning glance at her, which she bore with no apparent effort. She shed her own shorts and settled her now naked crotch over Leah’s upturned face. “Deal?”

Leah, not really seeing any other way out of this, reluctantly nodded. She was doing her best to ignore the other set of sensations, but the delicious fullness she was feeling and the smooth thrusting were wearing down her defenses.

Tess crouched down over Leah’s face, resting casually on her heels. “Get that tongue out, kitten,” she demanded. “Ah, that’s better,” she sighed as Leah’s tentative tongue reached up through the gag to lick her. Asher provided some ‘encouragement’ by giving a couple of quick deeper thrusts, the two of them smiling as Leah’s eyes involuntarily shut tightly.

Asher planted his hands on the ground on either side of Leah’s torso, and engaged the muscles in his massive torso to relentlessly impale the helpless woman. Her muffled moans and murmurs indicated that she was being affected by his efforts despite how much she tried to hide it. Tess’s closed eyes and open mouth also indicated that Leah was performing as demanded.

Caspian hovered quietly nearby, watching the facial expressions of the three in front of him. When he decided the time was right, he uncoiled with his typical swiftness and wrapped a long-fingered hand around one of Tess’s wrists. In a blink, this was twisted behind her head and locked in place with a wrist hold, and as her eyes opened in shock, he kissed her fully on the mouth. She **immediately** melted into the forcible act, and as he had predicted, promptly had a shuddering, squirming orgasm, grinding her crotch into the face below her. As she came down from the heights and her spasms receded, Caspian pulled away with a lingering touch.

“God **damn**, Caspian. How do you **do** that? I didn’t even think I was that close!” Tess rambled with a euphoric smile on her face.

Caspian returned her smile with one his own. “Let’s just say I can read you pretty well, my dear. Besides, I know how binding a hottie like this one gets you going.” He smirked at their captive, who was feebly trying to put on a disaffected expression. “Just like I can tell that this one has been really enjoying the process too.” Leah shook her head wildly, as if to denounce this, but no one was fooled.

“Well, Caspian, I did say that I’d think about untying her,” said Tess. “What do you think?”

“Hmm, she’s still quite dangerous, but I believe we could manage it safely. Do you have a spare loop?”

“Pretty much always,” Tess laughed, as she retrieved another short length of rope from her innumerable pockets.

“Let’s get her feet secured, perhaps around an immovable object, like Asher,” Caspian smirked as he untied the rope holding Leah’s leg to her torso. Tess wrapped the loop around Leah’s free ankle, and Caspian slipped the loop that had been around her calf down to her ankle and tightened it in a similar manner.

Leah was feeling greatly conflicted by this change and the emotions associated with it. She knew she **should** try to escape as her legs were free for a moment, but she still had this mountain of a man pinning her hips to the ground with his incredibly frustratingly methodical jackhammer. The position that she had been held in had not done wonders for her leg muscles, and the bondage being actively applied was definitely distracting her.

And then before she managed to actually make a decision about whether to try or not, she felt her legs lifted and her ankles crossed behind Asher’s back. Both Tess and Caspian were actively wrapping their respective ropes around the other leg, tightly binding her legs together into a lewd pose. She very pointedly did **not** think about how this position allowed her to be a more active participant, as she knew that her previous lovers had enjoyed her well-toned legs.

“Ah, that’s better,” said Caspian. “Perhaps I shall take a turn?” He slithered silently to above Leah’s head. “What do you think, kitten?”

As Leah looked up at him, not entirely understanding, he opened his loose-fitting robe to reveal his own erection. It was much thinner than Asher’s, but also longer. She now understood the dual purpose of the ring gag, and briefly worried how deeply into her throat it was going to end up. *Not that I have much choice in the matter*, she reflected as she flexed her arms feebly against the ropes.

Caspian fluidly squatted down over her head, and guided the tip into her open mouth. Leah instinctively and impotently tried to push it away with her tongue, which had precisely zero effect on its progress.

“Ah, that feels nice, kitten,” Caspian sighed. “Isn’t this more pleasant than trying to hurt us?” He seemed content to have her focus on the head, sliding slowly in and out. He occasionally changed the angle so that his cock rubbed up against cheek, but did not seem interested in jamming it down her throat.

*Damn my oral fixation*, Leah thought for probably the hundredth time in her life. She tried to not show that she was enjoying this.

As Leah involuntarily squeezed her thighs together in response to Asher’s continuous thrusts and Caspian’s ministrations, she felt her lower bound arm also being manhandled. This was gradually untied, and her shoulder muscles both complained at the movement and were grateful for the change in position. The now-loose arm was pulled out from under her torso, and with a quick readjustment from Caspian, it was stretched out above her head, so that both of her arms were held upwards. This was conveniently underneath Caspian’s legs, which limited her ability to potentially escape. *Even if I didn’t have my legs tied around this behemoth, that is,* Leah thought. Her other bound arm was briefly released before her wrists were tightly bound together. *At least it’s a more comfortable position than before. If I get out of this, I’m going to be sore as hell.*

She briefly felt her upper torso being lifted – presumably by Caspian – and a small bundle of something was slid underneath her shoulders. She was unceremoniously dropped down onto the bundle, her head lolling backwards over the edge. Before she had really processed what the implications of this might mean, Caspian pushed his erection deeply into her mouth and into her now much more accessible throat. Her indignant response was entirely ignored as he pressed his pubic mound up against her lips. After a few seconds, he relented and began sliding in and out, allowing her to breathe as needed while continuing to use her throat for his own pleasure.

“She has a lovely throat, Asher,” said Caspian cheerfully. “You may want to give it a try.” Leah’s eyes bulged as she tried to imagine Asher’s colossally thick cock stretching her defenseless throat.

“You know I don’t fit through that ring, Caspian,” Asher responded. “Not sure I’d trust her without it, either.”

Leah could almost hear the smirk in his voice, but was grateful anyways. As she relaxed from the hypothetical hazard, she let herself slide back into the headspace of getting competently fucked both vaginally and orally. As she drifted in the sensations, she focused on trying to impose a zen-like calm over her features and reactions. *Remember the SERE training,* she thought, *that’ll see me through. I’m just watching this happen, not experiencing it myself…*

Her focus was shattered abruptly by Caspian’s supple fingers precisely seizing her erect nipples. He pulled them upwards with just the right amount of pressure, which made Leah arch her back in sensation overload. All of a sudden, the dual thrusting action was **entirely** unignorable. *That man is far too perceptive,* she thought. *How could he possibly have known what I was doing?* His artful handling was seriously distracting, sending waves of tingling throughout her body that she was unable to inhibit.

And then, after an unspoken signal that Leah didn’t see, Tess’s clever hand slid down Leah’s lower stomach and across her lips, with a single fingertip finding her swollen clit. The response was immediate and intense: straining muscles, tightly-closed eyes, and a wordless keen that snuck around the obstruction in her mouth. No more than a few seconds of stroking later, Leah was convulsing strongly as she involuntarily orgasmed.

“Ah, there she goes,” said Asher. “She’s been fighting against that for a while now. She tightens up nicely while she’s going. It’s almost enough to make me come too.” He grinned, “but not quite enough.”

Caspian looked considerably more ragged. “I don’t know how you do it sometimes,” he husked. “You’ve been giving her a good pounding for over 20 minutes, and don’t even look like you’re enjoying yourself.”

“Self-control and exercise, man,” Asher replied. “Both do the body good! Anyways, are you ready for the next stage?”

Caspian nodded seriously, and withdrew his erection from their half-conscious prey’s mouth. He stepped backwards to get clear of Leah’s arms, then lifted the limp woman’s shoulders off the ground. Asher reached forward from his kneeling position and hoisted her weight with just his arms. Her limp arms went over his head and dangled behind his back. Once she was somewhat balanced, Asher stood up, easily bearing both of their weights. Caspian noticed that the barbarian had somehow still not slid out of their target’s twat. *Showoff.*

Tess slid behind Asher and performed some magic with the ropes dangling from Leah’s limbs. In short order, she was in a sort of reverse hogtie with all her limbs wrapped around Asher. Leah’s head was still lolling around somewhat, as she was still about half-conscious from the explosive orgasm a minute or so prior.

Caspian opted to wake her back by slipping a condom on, applying a generous amount of lube from a bottle on a nearby table, and sliding his cock into Leah’s ass. She jerked awake at the invasion, and immediately began a stream of unintelligible invectives. This was interrupted by Asher lifting her slightly and letting her drop back down onto the pair of erections. Her reaction was immediate and obvious: a sharp inhale, a full-body shiver, and her eyes rolled briefly backwards. As Asher set up a short cycle of lift-and-drop every couple seconds, with Caspian supporting the balance as needed, they quickly found a sequence that seemed to keep her continuously writhing and clamping down nicely on both front and back.

Asher, however, was not appreciating the multitude of sounds and occasionally drool coming out of her mouth. “Tess, do you still have that long gag?” At her nod, he glanced at Caspian, who unclasped the ring gag from the back of Leah’s head and slipped it off. Before she could start back in with her insults and threats, Tess deftly slipped the long penis gag into her mouth, stifling her voice and apparently increasing her reactions to the other stimuli.

“I guess our kitten likes having her mouth full,” Asher needled the bound woman. As the taunting took effect, Leah screwed her eyes shut and tightened all her limbs around the broad man’s back. It seemed like she was having a mini-orgasm every fourth or fifth stroke.

Caspian succumbed first to the writhing woman’s erotic sounds and squeezing. As he lost coordination during his own orgasm, he managed to stand there and continue to benefit from Asher’s efforts. Once he was done, he let himself slide out of Leah, and stumbled over to join Tess on a nearby couch.

Asher decided to change things up at this point. Instead of the up-and-down motion that he had been affecting, he just began to walk smoothly around the open room, leaving his quarry impaled upon his robust equipment. The resulting grind seemed to have a pronounced effect on Leah, as her head lolled backwards and she hung on to his shoulders as if for dear life, even if her bound arms didn’t allow her to let go.

Leah’s mind was a whirl of arousal. Each of Asher’s steps caused his cock to move around deliciously inside her, and she was having a hard time breathing consistently. Her nipples were straining against his broad chest, and the throbbing cock inside her was dripping with her own juices. The hard rubber cock in her mouth wasn’t quite what she was imagining, but it was close enough for her addled mind. Each step seemed to get her just a little closer to that crest she was aching for.

And before she even sensed it was coming, it was upon her, breaking over like a wave full of light. She knew she was shouting into her gag, and doing her very best to fly away, but somehow the gag and the ropes just made the whole thing even better. While her orgasm was still shaking her body and mind, she did not even notice as Asher laid her down on one of the nearby couches. She did very much notice when he started thrusting rapid-fire instead of his previous methodical tempo. Leah felt like she was swimming in aftershocks - every few seconds, another mini-orgasm would happen. She was long past even thinking about needing to escape, and instead was simply floating in this whirlpool of sensations.

With a baritone grunt, Asher tightened his immense musculature and finally had his own orgasm. His rumbling growl resonated in the space and seemed to linger even longer than his climax did. Tess and Caspian heartily cheered him on. As he came down from his own high, he grinned at his compatriots, and took a short bow while still holding Leah to his torso. From her brief upside-down perspective, she also grinned.

Tess stood, walked over to the pair, and began untying the ropes. As Leah’s feet were freed, she stood on her own and waited patiently. Once her arms were free too, she began to stretch out her tired muscles.

“Shit, Asher, that walking around trick was **mean**,” Leah complained. “Where did you come up with that idea?”

“From an old story I read,” the big man replied casually, cracking his own knuckles and stretching. “I’m gonna have a bruise on my forearm for weeks, scrappy bitch.” His tone and smile let her know there was no actual anger.

“I have to be careful about how I hit people, you know that. That strike would have snapped Caspian like a twig!” she laughed, eyes shining.

“Only if you managed to actually hit me,” smiled the thin man. “I am glad you pulled your strike on Tess’s throat, thank you,” he bowed minutely.

“I didn’t want to actually hurt her, old man,” she admitted. “I appreciated you letting me have that follow-up kick. I don’t get to do that one very often either.”

“I also appreciate not being killed,” laughed Tess. “You are… an extremely hard target to handle.”

“Face it, Leah,” said Caspian seriously, “You, alone, are probably capable of defeating any three or four high-level practitioners of any art you care to choose. The three of us handled you **this time**, because we know both you and each other and can work as a coherent team. If Tess hadn’t brought her toys, would it have ended differently? If we were actually fighting, it was only a matter of time until you injured one of us, and then there’d be no way we could contain you. You are legitimately, truly one of the most gifted students I’ve ever had, which of course is why I had to send you off on your own.” He smiled gently. “I appreciate your willingness to participate in this, unannounced as it may have been.”

“I told you before, sensei,” Leah said with a brief salute, “that these raids are the highlight of my week. I relish the sore muscles and bruises, and certainly don’t mind the rest of the fun.” She briefly glared at Asher ominously. “I just need to figure out some way to repay some of that.”

“No need, kitten,” he grinned. “I’m just happy to go square against somebody who doesn’t run away ten seconds in.”

“Kitten?!” she mock-indignantly screeched. “You’ll definitely pay for that one, meathead. In the meantime, you’re all visitors in my city now, which means I’m responsible for hosting. Lucky for you, I happen to have acquired an overlarge residence, with extra rooms and showers, a hot tub that will fit eight, a decent training dojo, and a freezer full of the thickest steaks you’ve ever seen. It’s been too long since I’ve cooked for anybody but me.” She briefly scrutinized Asher, “And for you, ‘Gorilla’, I believe I have an extra-large, extremely sturdy bed. Maybe I’ll get Tess to help me safely strap you down. Wouldn’t want you to take advantage of me again, now would we?” She smiled cherubically. “Welcome! You’re on holiday!”
