---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/jillsadventureintototalslavery5.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'Jill''s Adventure into Total Slavery 5: The Reward'
authors:
- Mistress Lisa
tags:
- MF/f
- MF+/ff
- D/s
- slaves
- bimbo
- bond
- naked
- dungeon
- bdsm
- whip
- nipple
- clamps
- weights
- torment
- toys
- strapons
- insert
- tease
- chast
- oral
- denial
- sex
- anal
- climax
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Jill's Adventure into Total Slavery 4: The Island Home**](jillsadventureintototalslavery4.html))

**Part 5: The Reward**

Jill and Amy talked about their lives and how they got on the island. Amy explained she was a foster child and grew up abused by her foster father and ran away from home when she was 17. In LA, she found a job modeling fetish clothes and slowly learned about the scene and found herself going to clubs and playing with the people there. She enjoyed sex while in bondage and was very open to anything.

One night she was introduced to Carmen and Jason and after a few days at their LA home she accepted their offer to be a slave for the money and also because she enjoyed it except for the extreme pain, but was willing to accept it as a way to start a new life after the contract was up. She said she really loved Carmen and Jason, but needed to explore the world. So when the contract was up, she left and went to Europe and had fun, but was conned by a handsome man and he ran off with the rest of her money. She realized the real world was not as safe as the BDSM world was on the island and she could trust Carmen and Jason.

Jill explained she always had an attraction to bondage, and spend hours in self bondage dreaming of being someone’s slave. Through a business client she met Carmen and Jason and found that what they offered her was everything she dreamed of and wanted.

Amy said she could tell as to come back as their slave she had to sign the same contract, but with a lower salary than Jill and she was to get the tattoo in a few weeks. Jill looks in Amy’s eyes and kisses her deeply with her tongue exploring Amy’s mouth.

Amy kisses back and starts to play with Jill’s tits, when they heard Carmen shout, "slaves don’t play without permission and I don’t remember giving you permission". Both said "Sorry Mistress Carmen".

Carmen dragged both slaves into the dungeon and chains them side by side to the wall spread-eagled. Carmen retrieved from a drawer six cloverleaf clamps that had a flat metal disk attached to a chain hanging from each clamp. Carmen attached the clamps to their nipples and clit, and showed them and box full of ¼ pound magnets and tells them she was going to add one to each clamp disk until someone begs her to stop from the pain.

Amy feels the clamps tighten when the first set of magnets are added and realizes the months away from here has made her nipples and especially her clit more sensitive to the pain and she does not know how much she can take, but she was going to hold out as long as possible. Jill watches as Carmen attaches the magnets and as the clamps tightens the pain started to get her juices flowing and she is becoming aroused.

A few minutes later Carmen adds another set of weights to all the clamps and watches as Amy struggles to stay still and as Jill wiggles her body and feels the clamps tighten even more. Carmen notices Jill is getting excited as she sees the juices flow down Jill’s legs, while Amy is clearly in pain and not enjoying it. After another 20 minutes and three more sets of the ¼ pound magnets being added, Amy is in agony as her clit is on fire and as it has been stretched a few inches and as her nipples are burning also from the pain.

Amy does the best she can not to move and cause the clamps to sway and tighten and she is amazed as she sees Jill wiggling her body which she knows must be causing even more pain. Jill is in her own world of pain and pleasure and did not even realize her body is moving to cause the clamps to wiggle, which tightens them even more and her cunt is ready to explode as the pain is driving her closer to an orgasm.

Finally as the eighth set of magnets are added to the clamps, Amy screams no more and hearing that Jill screams as she explodes in a mighty orgasm squirting her juices all over her legs and floor. Carmen watches as Jill orgasms and as she slows down, Carmen starts to whip Jill’s ass causing her more pain from the crop and the weights and this starts another orgasm.

Carmen removes the clamps from both slaves and looking at Amy, Carmen tells her that she will be trained to become a pain slut like Jill. Amy cannot believe what she was seeing and could not even think how someone could enjoy such pain, and how she would learn to like it.

Carmen releases Amy and tells her to clean up Jill with her tongue and then give Jill another orgasm, but Amy was not to cum herself as she was the loser. Amy understood and licks the tasty juices from Jill and when her tongue reaches Jill’s dripping cunt, Amy shoves it deep into Jill and she fingers Jill’s clit until Jill comes so hard she passes out.

Jill wakes up from her climax to see Carmen standing in front of her and Amy still kneeling on the floor. Carmen tells Amy to release Jill and then the two of them are to shower and get dressed for their chores. Amy is told she is to be the maid and is assigned to Matilda and will also be spending the night with her and Manny, while Jill is told she will now be assisting Jason and will spend the night with him and her. Both slaves run to the shower and wash their hair and bodies as

Amy asks Jill how she could cum from the pain. Jill tells her to focus on the pain being pleasure as she would feel when she plays with her clit and just enjoy it. They get dressed and go off to their duties.

Amy enters the kitchen and Matilda gives her a hug and tells her she was surprised when Carmen informed her that she was back as the maid. Amy said the world out there was not what she wanted and everyone tried to take advantage of her but here she trusted everyone. Matilda smiles and kisses her and then spanks her ass and tells her to do her chores.

Jill knocks on the door to Jason’s office and he shouts "Come in". Jill enters and Jason explains that she was to go over all the accounts of businesses he had Tom’s company. He then tells Jill to note anything out of the ordinary with any account and he is very happy to have her experience and help.

Jill went over to her desk and notices the chair has a huge dildo in the middle of the seat and laughs inside knowing she was in for a very exciting day, and was glad she had several orgasms earlier so she might not cum from it and get punished. Jason watches as Jill slowly lowers herself onto the dildo and as she wiggles her butt to allow the dildo to slide into her wet cunt. Jill started to go through the first file of Tom’s company when she jumps slightly as the dildo comes to life and starts to vibrate. She looks over at Jason who was smiling and just said, "live with it but don’t cum". Jill is glad the vibrator was on a low setting, so while it excited her it would not push her over to a climax.

Several hours later, Jason said it was time for lunch and helps Jill off the dildo. They go to the dinning room where Jason sits next to Carmen at the table, while Amy and Jill eat from bowls on the floor. Jason tells Carmen about the planned trip to Montana to see Tom as a first stop in a planned tour of his companies.

Jason tells Carmen that Tom after 12 years being a widower and raising his daughter Heather, and had married Heather’s college roommate Norma, whom he met when Heather returned home after graduating college as a business major, and Norma had a degree in marketing and sales. Tom had hired both for the small company as the person who had both jobs was retiring. He found Norma exciting, beautiful and sexy and the courtship was short and they married after several months.

Carmen asked if Jason thought there was something odd that the profits dropped after Heather and Norma arrived. Jason said "I hope not for Tom’s sake as he deserves a break in life".

The rest of the day was uneventful and after dinner, Jill went upstairs with Carmen and Jason, while Amy went with Matilda and Manny.

Jill was instructed to get the bath ready in the large Jacuzzi as Carmen and Jason strip. Jill baths the three of them as they relaxed in the tub. After bathing them, Jill found herself between Carmen and Jason as they fondle her body playing with her until she is ready to burst, but Carmen whispers in her ear, "Not yet slut slave". Finally they get out of the tub and Jill dries them off making sure Carmen’s breasts and cunt are nice and clean with hard nipples and a swollen clit. After she is done with Jason his 9" cock is standing straight and hard as a rock.

They move into the bedroom and fall onto the bed in a tangle of body parts with Jill between Carmen and Jason. Carmen starts licking Jill’s nipples while Jason fondles her ass and a finger enters Jill’s asshole. Jill feels so wonderful with her owners making love to her body, and the feelings are unbelievable with one kissing her on her back and neck and a finger in her ass while the other is licking her nipples with a finger playing with her clit. Jill starts kissing Carmen’s body making passionate love to her.

Carmen reaches into her night table and retrieves the double dildo harness. Carmen slips the 6" dildo into her dripping cunt and tightens the harness around her waist. Jill looks at the 12" cock that is sticking out of the harness and wants it deep in her. Jill is maneuvered between Carmen and Jason and she feels Jason slide his cock into her hot wet cunt and impales her with its full length.

After getting his cock covered with her juices, Jason pulled out and Jill feels the tip of it slide to her asshole and slowly spread it open and she feels every vein of his hard cock as it slides completely into her ass. Jason stays still with his cock in Jill’s ass, feeling her bung hole clamping around it.

Carmen maneuvers the strapon’s dildo into Jill’s wet cunt and slowly slides the 12" dildo into her cunt. Jill is impaled in both holes by huge cocks and then Jason pulls back until only the head of his cock is in Jill’s ass and as he then slides forward Carmen pulls her dildo back until it is almost out. They slowly fuck Jill as one slide in a hole as the other pulls back. Jill can’t believe how wonderful she feels as they are fucking her. She screams fuck me harder to them, but they slow down teasing her. Carmen slides her head around a moaning Jill and kisses Jason with open mouth and he kisses her back. Finally they wink at each other and then start to slide into Jill’s holes at the same time. Jill feels her ass and cunt full with cock and wraps her legs around Carmen’s waist holding her deep in her, as she madly kisses Carmen, while Jason fucks her ass kissing her neck. All three of them are moving in passion and finally Carmen and Jill scream as they orgasm and Jason shoots his wad deep in Jill’s ass. The three collapse in the middle of the bed and fall asleep with Jill between them and their cocks still in her. As she drifts off, Jill never wants this feeling to go away as she love both of them so deeply.

The next morning after awaking, Jill is directed by Carmen to wash all three of them in the shower. Jill fondles Mistress Carmen’s breasts as she lathers them and slowly moves down her body with a soft wash cloth and then uses her mouth to clean Carmen’s tasty cunt and finishes cleaning her body and turns to Master Jason and the first thing she cleans is his now hard cock with her mouth swallowing it completely and sucking it until he shots another load of cum which she swallows loving the taste before washing his body completely. They allow Jill to stay in the shower and as she baths, with a warning not to masturbate. Jill washes her hair and lathers her body with scented soap. Once done she is instructed to return to her cell and get dressed for the day and then assist with breakfast. Jill leaves, but stops to kiss them both and thank them for an incredible night.

Matilda notices how Jill has a glow about her and questions her, to which Jill replies, I had the best night of my life last night. Laughing Matilda says I can see you are in love.

After breakfast which Jill and Amy eat from bowls on the floor while the others all eat breakfast seated at the table. Jill follows Jason to his office as they prepare for the trip to Tom’s company. The plan was for Jill to act like a mindless bimbo slut slave and when everyone went into a meeting to discuss the company business, Jill would be left alone at a computer to play simple games, but she would hack in and learn what she could. Jill asked how Jason would arrange that and he told her not to worry, but act the part and he would make sure she was alone at a computer.

Jason told her she would be wearing her collar of course, her chastity belt, and 6" heels with locks and also to pack several of her semi-transparent short dresses that barely covered her ass. Jill laughed and said that would work for the bimbo look, but how would she get through airport security. Jason told her they were using the countries private jet and both had diplomatic immunity as they are government officials of Matua. Cool, so if even if I get caught setting of a metal detector they can’t arrest me. Jason laughed at how the custom agents would just love to see her only in a chastity belt.

The next day, Jill dressed in a white dress with cream heeled sandals and carrying a large white leather handbag, leaves with Jason to the Caymans where they board his private jet and they fly to Montana, with a stop in Atlanta for refueling.

After arriving in Billings they go to the hotel where everyone in the lobby stares at them as the walk to the front desk. The desk clerk, when seeing Jill, gasps, as Jill looks almost naked and her huge breasts are sticking out like mountains. Jason asks for his room and is given the key to the presidential suite. As they walk to the elevator with the bellboy carrying their luggage, Jason tells her I always go first class and that includes you. Jill smiles at the compliment and knows the bell boy is looking up her short dress seeing her metal belt and firm ass.

Once in the room and after the bellboy had been tipped and leaves, Jason commands Jill to strip and prepare the tub, while he orders them dinner. Jill strips and goes into the bathroom, which was larger than most people’s living room, and starts the bath. Jason enters and Jill undresses him teasing each part as a piece of clothes is removed. Before Jason slid into the tub, he pushes a button on a remote and they both hear Jill’s chastity belt unlock. Jason pulls Jill into the tub and she spread her legs and her cunt swallows Jason’s cock and they fuck in the warm bubbly water. When they are done fucking, Jill washes her Master’s body and then dries it off making sure his cock is nice and clean and hard again. The food arrives and they enjoy dinner before going to bed and Jill bends over as Jason fucks her ass and after they both orgasm they fall asleep.

In the morning Jason has Jill lock her chastity belt back on and tells her to get a pink dress to wear to the factory. As they drive to Tom’s factory in the rental car Jason explains how they are going to get Jill alone in a room with a computer. Jill smiles and said she could act as he wanted.

As they enter the building everyone turns and stares at the almost naked Jill, as they walk to the receptionist and asks for Tom Jennings, telling her Jason Taylor is here with his secretary. A few minutes later a young lady arrives and introduces herself as Heather, Tom’s daughter, and she is the company’s business manager and has heard many nice things about Jason. As Heather turns and she sees Jill, her jaw drops as seeing what looks like a whore almost undressed in the company’s lobby. Jason introduces Jill to Heather as his secretary. Jill smiles and says "hi, I am Jill" in a very dumb air head sounding voice.

Jill notices that Heather is blonde, 5’6", 125lb and 36b-25-34 and about 23yrs old. Heather said lets go upstairs and meet the rest of the management team. They follow Heather to the elevator and go up stairs. As they get off the elevator, Tom meets them and hugs Jason since they were old friends. Tom introduces him to Norma (who is has brown hair is 38C-25-36 and 133lb and 23yr old) and tells Jason she is his wife and head of sales and marketing.

Jason introduces them to Jill and tells them she is his secretary. Norma is appalled at how Jill looks, but says nothing as she doesn’t want to offend Jason, who owns a good part of the company. Tom tells the girls he needs to talk to Jason alone in his office and to make Jill comfortable.

Heather and Norma, take Jill to Norma’s office to get her out of sight of everyone. Heather asks Jill what her duties as Jason’s secretary. Jill responds to make him happy and take care of all his needs. Norma said, so you’re a paid whore and does his wife know. Jill tells her in her most sluttish voice, "I am his slave not a whore as I am not paid, and yes Mistress Carmen knows I am here with him and I am her slave also".

"What do you mean by ‘a slave’" asked Heather?

"They own me and use me as they want", as she pulls up the back of her dress showing them the tattoo on her back and also they see the metal chastity belt and a glimpse of her huge naked breasts. Both Heather and Norma are appalled, but hide the fact as they don’t want to upset Tom or Jason, but do ask what the metal belt is.

Jill tells them it is a chastity belt, since she is a chronic masturbator and it prevents her from doing that. Heather asks her, "Just what are you here for?" Jill answers to keep him company and do what he tells me.

Jill then pulls out her cell phone and starts to play solitaire on it, ignoring Heather and Norma. Heather to make small talk says, "I like your piercings and tattoo". Jill says, "So do I including the ones under my chastity belt in my labia and clit".

Both Heather and Norma can’t believe what a slut this whore is. Then Jill puts down her phone and asks what they think of her beautiful 46DD breasts. Coughing Heather says, "A little too big for me". Jill shakes them and says, smiling; "She could use a bigger set".

Tom and Jason find the girls and Tom asks Heather and Norma to join them for a business meeting. As they are about to leave, Jill says, "Master my phone died, and I can’t play games while you are in the meeting". Tom asks Norma if her computer has games on it for Jill to play. Norma turns on her computer and logs onto the company’s network and opens up the solitaire game. Jill says thanks and in a flirty way she says, "I think you’re cute". Norma blushing leaves the room fuming and closes the door, so no one can see Jill.

When the door closes, Jill opens her bag and takes out a thumb drive and inserts it into Norma’s computer and then starts to look for the sales records. Jill finds several files that are interesting and transfers them to the thumb drive. Digging further Jill discovers how the scam is being done and copies those files showing where the money is going and who is getting it. Jill removes the thumb drive, closes down the files she opened and starts to play games acting like nothing happened.

About an hour later they enter the room and Jason tells Jill the meeting was very productive and turns to Tom, and tells him, "I hope you get things turned around", and as they leave Jason says they should visit his island for a vacation when they have time.

Heather turns to her father and asks how he could be friends with a pig like Jason. Tom tells her to behave as without his money the company would have not survived and he would have never been able to send her to school.

Upon arriving back at Matua Jason tells Carmen what occurred during the visit and what great a job Jill did getting the information while acting as a bimbo. Carmen suggests that they reward Jill.

Carmen asks Jill what reward she would like and Jill, blushing, says an extreme dungeon session with everyone using me and no limits. Carmen laughs and tells her fine; just give me a day to plan it and she sets Jill’s chastity belt to the tease mode just to keep her edge. Seeing this Jill cries, "Mistress this isn’t fair", and Carmen tells her "Behave or I will set it the shock every hour". Jill responds "Yes Mistress, I will behave".

The next day Carmen tells Jill to strip and then unlocks her chastity belt. She then tells Amy is told to take Jill to the main dungeon, braid a leather strap into Jill’s hair and then cuff her hands to the hanging chains and feet to the floor rings and pull until she is stretched taunt and if she goes easy on Jill, she will be punished. Amy tells Carmen she will do as told and takes Jill to the dungeon.

Amy says to Jill, "Please don’t blame me as I am just obey Mistress’s orders". Jill says it is fine as this is my reward, and allows Amy to place her in the bondage Carmen has requested. Jill is left alone in the dungeon totally helpless and she feels her body starting to react to the bondage and her juices start to flow down her legs as she is getting excited waiting her reward.

Later that night everyone enters the dungeon and Jill sees they are naked. Carmen explains her reward will be in three parts, each part different, some with pain some with pleasure. Carmen tells Amy to attach the leather strap in Jill’s hair to a rope that is being lowered. Amy attaches the strap to the rope, and Carmen pulls the rope so Jill’s head is immobilized.

Getting two nasty looking floggers from the wall Carmen hands one to Matilda. Carmen informs Jill that they will be whipping her front and back from neck to foot with Carmen doing her front and Matilda will be doing her back. They will do five rotations from top to bottom as the first part of the reward. Jill looks at the floggers and knows this will be very painful and that thought makes her body even more excited.

Carmen’s first stoke goes from right to left across her just below the neck, the tips of the flogger hits her in the arm pit. Jill screams as the tips hit her armpit and shakes in the chains. Matilda stroke follows going across her back the tips hit her other arm pit. Jill is in pain as this is one of the more sensitive places on her body. She is slowly whipped, each stroke biting deep into her body and they are showing her no mercy. While Jill is being whipped she sees that Jason and Manny are fucking Amy, with Jason in her ass and Manny in her cunt. Between the pain and wishing she was being fucked like Amy, Jill’s body is going into overdrive and her juices are flowing like a river down her legs, but she knows she can’t cum without permission. It takes 30 minutes for them to finish flogging her body and when they are finally done, Carmen yells "CUM PAIN SLUT". Jill’s orgasm is unbelievable and her whole body shakes from it for several minutes and they all watch her pain induced orgasm.

As Jill returns to the real world, she see Jason cuff Amy’s arms to a rope and raise her up off the floor and pull the rope over to Jill and lower Amy so that her cunt is in front of Jill. Jason pulls Amy’s legs around Jill’s head and using a strap ties it so Amy’s weight is on Jill’s shoulders with her cunt in front of Jill’s mouth. Manny walks behind Jill and she feels his hard lubricated cock against her asshole and it starts to enter her. At the same time, Jason is entering her wet cunt easily as they sandwich her. Jill is told to please Amy with her mouth, while she is being fucked and she had better please Amy.

Jill starts licking Amy’s slit and tonguing her clit as she tastes the mixture of Amy’s juices and Manny’s cum. Jill feels the cocks move in her and her cunt tightens down on Jason’s cock. As Jason pulls almost out, Manny ram’s his cock deep in her ass and then he pulls almost out as Jason rams his cock deep into her cunt. She is riding the cocks as they are pounding into her and she can feel the tips of each cock across the membrane separating her cunt from ass. Carmen then starts to suck on Jill’s right nipple and massages that breast, while Matilda does the same to Jill’s left breast. Jill is flying high as her body is feeling the pleasure in every part of her as being stimulated by everyone and as Jason, Manny and Amy cum she has the ultimate orgasm that lasts for what she thinks is hours before passing out.

Jill wakes up feeling the glow of her orgasms and she is still in the chains. Jill sees Carmen in front of her, and Carmen asks if she is ready for part 3. Jill looking at her Mistress pleads, "No more Mistress, I am exhausted". Carmen replies, "You asked for an extreme session and you will get it."

Jill watches as Matilda returns with two large boxes and hands one to Carmen. Carmen pulls from her box a double dildo harness, commenting her dildo is a replicate of Jason’s cock, while Matilda pulls a harness from her box and that one has a replicate of Manny’s cock. After they put on the harnesses, Jill sees two of the largest cocks sticking out from the harnesses. Carmen explains they are replicates of the late Johnny Holmes. Jill then sees at the base of the cock a set of rubber balls. She is told they hold fluid, which when squeezed will shoot the fluid into her cunt and ass. Matilda lubricated her cock and puts the tip against Jill’s ass hole and slides it in slowly stopping after an inch is in the hole. Carmen slides her cock into Jill’s dripping cunt and signals to Matilda to start fucking Jill.

While huge cocks start pounding in her cunt and ass Carmen starts sucking on Jill’s swollen nipples and Matilda kisses Jill’s neck. Jill feels another huge orgasm build in her as they tease her and fuck her until she screams as her body subsumes to the pleasure and her orgasm takes over. Carmen and Matilda continue to fuck Jill as one orgasm replaces the next and finally as Carmen and Matilda cum, they squeeze the rubber balls on the cocks squirting the fluid into Jill. Jill feels the fluid shoot into her and the next orgasm is even stronger. Suddenly Jill feels heat and pain in her cunt and ass. Laughing Carmen tells her the fluid in her is hot sauce. Jill body is over loaded from pain and pleasure and she passes out.

Jill is released from the bondage and is taken to the bathroom, where Amy douches her cunt and also gives her an enema to flush the hot sauce out of her. They take Jill to her cell and put her on the cot. Carmen tells everyone to leave and she will stay with Jill to make sure she is ok.

Carmen holds Jill in her arms cuddling her until she wakes up. Jill sees Carmen and smiles, telling her, "Thank you Mistress for the best time I have ever had, and I love you". Carmen kisses Jill and tells her she loved her also. Jill then says, "I never want to stop being your slave." Carmen tells her, "I am never going to terminate your contract as you are the best slave we have ever had." Jill smiles, knowing her deepest desires and fantasies have come true, as she falls asleep in Carmen’s arms.

Next part, a new slave arrives and Heather and Norma are caught



23.12.15

story continues in [**Jill's Adventure into Total Slavery 6: A New Slave Arrives**](jillsadventureintototalslavery6.html)

o0o
