---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Bathtub Bound
authors:
- DMW
tags:
- Sbm
- cuffs
- rope
- bath
- water
- 'true'
- cons
- X
date: 2009-02-04 00:00:00
---

Authors note:  This is a true story.  It is based loosely on The Bathtub Bound scenario found at <http://www.boundanna.com/html/en_scen_bathtubound.html>  It has been adapted to suit me and is not an exact copy of the scenario.

Looking at the bath I knew what I was doing was silly, idiotic and a little bit dangerous but I also knew that certain urges are part of me and the only way to deal with them was to involve self bondage.  Well, either that to pay for someone to do it for me but that’s not the kind of thing you come across in the Yellow Pages!

I was fed up of tying myself to the bed or in a hogtie and any other number of things I’d done to myself to boredom.  Luckily, Gromet helped.  Well, one of Gromet’s links which led me to BoundAnna.COM.  One particular scenario caught my attention and I knew I had to try it out.  Now was the time to do it.

After stripping off my clothes, I climbed into the bath and lay down.  The cold enamel against my skin gave me a stark preview of what lay ahead but I picked up the rope from the bath edge and wrapped it around the base of the cold tap, put my feet up on the end of the bath and tied the rope around each ankle.  This served two purposes.  One, I would be able to control the flow of the cold water with my toes and two, I would have limited use of my legs, especially important in not being able to escape too soon.

I picked up my escape method.  A handcuff key taped to a ping pong ball.  In tests, the ball floated with no problems and I knew it would always sit on top of the water.  I dropped it in the bath where it landed key down with a clunk.

Finally, I picked up my handcuffs.  I’ve had these since I was a teenager and although they’re not as shiny as they used to be, they’re like an old friend and I just can’t part with them.

On each side of the bath is a handle to help a person get out.  I fed the cuffs underneath this handle and cuffed my wrists.

I lay back in the bath and looked down at my body.  With cuffs and rope involved, I had gotten hard but couldn’t reach myself without lifting my body up, putting a strain on my calves.  Any thoughts of release would have to wait until later.

As I looked down my legs and at my feet, I saw my right foot, almost on its own, move and turn the cold tap on.  At first, it wasn’t too bad since the water went between my legs but it soon reached my butt, causing me to lift it out of the water.

I knew I’d eventually have to face the cold so I slowly lowered myself back in.  In my mind, I felt this was like getting into a swimming pool.  You know it’s going to be cold but it always takes you by surprise how cold.  I find the best way is to jump right in.  You don’t really get that option when you can only move a couple of centimetres!

I did lower myself down and hoped my body would adapt.  While thinking about it, I wondered if I’d be better letting the water run slowly to give me time to adapt to it or run it quickly and get out as soon as possible.  I live in a rented house so I knew I’d have to be careful about too quickly.  Letting the water overflow onto the floor was a definite no-no, especially as it also ran the risk of my escape going out with the water.

Deciding that a bit faster would be fine, I opened up the tap a bit more.  Now there was a definite flow to the water which started rising up the sides of my body.  It didn’t feel too bad.  Cold, definitely but nothing I couldn’t really handle.
That was until it reached my groin.  Once that happened, my erection vanished almost instantly and my balls shrunk close to my body.

I lay as still as I could but I started to shiver and the water was only halfway up the side of the bath.  I decided the only thing for it was to turn the tap on full blast and get out as soon as I could.

Closing my eyes, I pictured myself adapting to the cold, not letting it affect me which helped but I needed to open my eyes to keep a look out for the ping pong ball that would allow me freedom when the water reached the right level.

As it rose, the ball came near the side of the bath where my hands were.  I did manage to get the tip of my fingers in the water but only succeeded in batting the ball away.

After what seemed like an eternity, the water was at a level where I would be able to get the key, if I could get it to come back towards me.  I slowed the water flow down to a level I hoped would keep it high enough for the floating ball to be grabbed but not too much water that the overflow on the bath couldn’t handle it.

Now came the most difficult bit.  Being mostly submerged in water had produced an almost scuba suit effect so I had stopped shivering but the key was not where I needed it to be!

I twisted and turned, blew and drank, making the water come towards me but I just couldn’t quite do it.

Then I hit upon another problem.  The cold water shrunk my bladder to what must have been the size of a pea!  Once I realised I needed to pee, that’s all I could think about.  Doing so in the water and having to lay in it until I could escape was not something I was willing to contemplate!

With one final effort, I lifted my body out of the water, causing the ball to roll off my belly, bounce off the side of the bath and near enough to my waiting hand that I could grab it.

Desperate now, I fumbled with the key twice before I felt it slide into the lock and turn.  Releasing only one cuff, I pulled myself away from the bath and started on the ropes.  Of course, the combination of me pulling on them and the cold water had caused the knots to get even tighter and made releasing them a struggle.

Finally, finally, finally, after trying each of them a couple of times, I got one free, managed to unwrap the rope from around the tap and jumped out of the bath and straight to the toilet where I was able to relieve myself in the proper place!

When I was done, I was shivering again so I put on my dressing gown, took off the other cuff and ankle rope, pulled the plug and turned off the tap.

I’m not sure what to make of my experience.  It was interesting and I might do it again.  Then again, maybe not!
