---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Making Up In Public
authors:
- ropeknots
tags:
- M/f
- corset
- boots
- vibe
- bond
- handcuffs
- public
- tease
- denial
- climax
- reluct/cons
- X
date: 2015-08-22 00:00:00
---

I wish I could have seen the look on your face when the courier delivered it all. I know the flower bouquet was a bit overdone and the box of chocolates extravagant, but I bet you had that cute knowing smirk when you read the note telling you to "wear your motorcycle boots, your black corset, and these, I'll pick you up at 7" and opened the box to see the vibrating panties. At least, I hoped so, and I hoped this would help win you back.

It was a pretty bad fight. I'm not sure anymore what it was about, and it hurt that you weren't returning my texts. I just banked that you were still on for our dinner with friends tonight, and was pleasantly surprised when I pulled up outside your apartment building to see you wearing the motorcycle boots with black stockings and that amazing red dress that I've taken to mean you want to be fucked -- hard.

"We are NOT having sex tonight," you said as you got in the car, "just so you know."

"Mm-hmm."  I reached in my coat pocket and turned the remote on to its lowest setting, and your gasp gave you away.

"I mean it!  I just want you to know what you're missing out on!"

"Right.  You're wearing the corset, too?"

"Maybe I am, maybe I'm not.  You'll never know."

"We'll see about that.  You are wearing the panties."

"Yep.  I'm teasing you -- you're going to get me all worked up, and you're going to think you're coming upstairs, and you're not.  Tonight is all about me, that box of chocolates, a bottle of wine, and my favorite vibrator."

"Mmm... Well, at least you've given me plenty of material to get myself off with.  Put your seatbelt on, we're going to be late."

Dinner was great.  It was fun to watch you squirm as the panties did their magic, and I loved that this pair had an "automatic tease" setting that let me keep the remote in my pocket while you were brought ever closer to the edge of orgasm, only to be denied, and sometimes it just shut itself off.  When you left for the bathroom, I did turn them all the way up for the brief time it should have taken to finally push you over.  From the glare you gave me when you got back to the table, I knew how the night was going to play out.  I turned the panties back to a lower setting.  I'm fairly sure we put on a good enough show to our friends that they didn't know we had had a big fight, and I'm pretty sure they didn't know about the party happening in your panties, either.

"So here's the deal," I said on the walk back to the car, "I give you a ride home, you invite me up, and we have some amazing makeup sex,"

"Not happening."

I reached into my coat pocket and turned the vibrator up all the way. "Or, I get you a cab and send you home like this."

You stopped abruptly.  "You bastard!"

"You'll have a very fun cab ride."

"What if I change my mind when we get back to my building?"

I smirked.  "Last chance if you want me to get you that cab," I say as I continued towards the car.

You moaned softly. "OK, I'll let you take me home," you said, "just turn it off."

I unlocked the car and opened the back passenger's door, gesturing.  "Get in and kneel on the seat, back towards me."

"What are you doing?" you said as you get in.

"Making sure you don't try anything funny. Put your hands behind your back."

"What! Are you crazy?"

"You're free to get out, and find your own cab," I said, as I turned the panties back up all the way.

You moan, defeated. "Fine," you said as you put your arms down to your sides, "but don't think this means you're getting any."

I step forward to block the view from the street, "Like I said," I pulled the handcuffs out of my coat pocket, and locked your wrists together. "At least I'll have plenty to get myself off with.  Try and get yourself seated," I said, spanked you lightly and closed the door.  The rear windows are tinted, but I leaned against the window anyway, and smoked a cigarette.  The panties were still on high, and I waited until I heard you come before turning them back down to simmer.

I walked around the car and got in.  You had managed to get upright, and had that glare you do, that makes me know I'm hitting the right buttons.  "Cheer up," I said, "I'll turn it back up at the stoplights."

"You're in a lot of trouble, Mister"

"That's 'Sir', to you," I said as I reached back and buckled you in.  I pulled the dress out a bit near your cleavage, peered down, and smiled.

"You did wear the corset!" I said.  "We are so fucking tonight."

"You have a date with your hand," you said, "and I have a date with a certain box of chocolates."

I grabbed your chin with thumb and forefinger.  "You're forgetting to address me properly.  You'll be punished for that, and I know you'll like it, which is why you're doing it to begin with."  I let go.  "Besides, I don't see why it can't be a double date!"  I settled myself in the driver's seat and started the car.

We hit nothing but green lights and I didn't get to fulfill my promise to turn the panties back up to a higher setting.

"Can you turn them back up?"

I grinned.  We're only five minutes away, but apparently you can't wait.  "What did you say?"

"Can you turn the panties back up, please?"

"Who are you talking to?"

"Please, master, turn the panties back up.  Please.  I want to come again."

I grinned, and turned the panties to 'tease'.  "The next time you come it will be from me directly.  You've been a naughty girl tonight and you need to be reminded what it's like to not get what you want."

I heard you make a noise, something between a whimper and a pout.

I parked on a side street a few blocks away from your apartment building, get out of the car without a word, come around to your side and open the door.  You were in a dreamy state -- ten seconds on full power would push you over the edge.

"Oh come on," you said, "get me off and let me out of these, and I'll suck you off.  Right here."

I unbuckle your seatbelt.  "C'mon, get out.  This street is quiet but someone will come along eventually," I said.  "Besides, the keys are upstairs in your apartment."

"WHAT?  How am I...?"

"Get out of the car."

You slid your legs out and I helped you stand up.  I took my coat off and put it over your shoulders, and it's long enough to conceal your handcuffs.

"Clasp your hands together, so it looks normal," I said, closing the door.  You did so.  "Good, it just looks like you're cold.  Come on.  Let's start our second double date of the evening."

You made a noise at me halfway between a growl and a mumble, but with the panties working their magic and you being so close to orgasm, I couldn't make it out. Something about keys.

We made it to your building and to the elevator without running into anyone, but when the elevator doors opened it was your neighbor, Steve, apparently headed out for the bar.

"Hey! Good to see you!" he beamed. "Oh, hey, I wanted to ask,"

I turned the panties up to about 3/4 power. You gasped softly.

"Can you ask her later? She's not feeling well," I said, and caught the elevator door as it was closing.

"Uh well," he stammered. You looked like you were trying to hold something in.

"Yeah, tomorrow?" you said.

"Yeah, ok, tomorrow's good. Get better!" He headed off as I guided you into the elevator.

"What?" you asked as I turned the panties all the way up.

"We may as well take advantage of this slow elevator." I said, pulling you in for a kiss. Our lips touched a few times, you moaned, and I flicked my tongue at yours and grasped your butt.

"Oh god, oh god, ohhh!" you moaned as I stepped around you to hold you, and covered your mouth with my hand to silence your orgasm. I turned the panties off.

"Okay, that was hot," you said.

I smirked. The door opened and I guided you out. I checked down the hallway both ways. They were empty. "Come, let's get you into something more comfortable," and walked towards your apartment.

"Alright," you said as you caught up with me, "you can come in." I started to grin, but you continued, "IF and only if you were lying about the key and have it on your person."

I unlocked your apartment door, and then pulled the handcuff key out of my pocket. "After you."
