---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Jill''s Adventure into Total Slavery 3: The Slave Contract'
authors:
- Mistress Lisa
tags:
- F/ff
- FF/f
- D/s
- bond
- naked
- bdsm
- cane
- clothespins
- gag
- toys
- insert
- torment
- oral
- denial
- chast
- climax
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Jill's Adventure into Total Slavery 2: Carmen & Jason**](jillsadventureintototalslavery2.html))

**Part 3: The Slave Contract**

Jill and her new owners were on the private jet on going to the Cayman Islands to finalize the contract and setup the trust account. Upon arriving Jill and Carmen were met by their body guard Manny. Jill was introduced and was told Manny was a former seal and the husband of Matilda who was their chef.

They went to the law offices of Barbara Dare where the contracts and the legal work was to be completed. Upon entering the law office Jill noticed the receptionist, who was about 28 years old, about 5’9” slightly heavy with a full bust and she was wearing a slave collar. Jason said that Ms Dare and her aid were also lifestyle and Ms Dare was also one of the approved lawyers to practice law in Matua.

In the conference room the documents were spread out. Barbara took over and asked Jill if she was consenting to become the slave of Jason and Carmen Taylor and if she agreed to all the terms of the contract. Jill stated she did understand and yes she agreed to the slave contract. The contracts were signed and the money was transferred to the trust account.

Once they were done with the paper work, Jason asked Barbara how she wanted her payment for the transaction. Barbara looking directly at Jill told Jason, I will take her for the rest of the day. Jason laughed and said just bring her to the dock at 4pm tomorrow, as he tossed Barbara the remote to the chastity belts tens unit and the keys. Carmen told Jill to obey Barbara totally, or suffer for disobeying. Jill replied “Yes Mistress, I will obey as you command.”

Once Jason and Carmen left, Barbara handed the remote and keys to Kelly her assistant and told Kelly to prepare Jill for her in position 12. Kelly led Jill up the stairs to the home of Barbara, and into the “playroom”.

Kelly commanded Jill to strip and Jill obeyed standing in only the chastity belt as she did not have the keys. Jill was lead to a low standing pommel horse with a 3” wide padded board and forced to bend over it. A wide belt across her back secured her to the padded area. Kelly secured each of Jill’s ankles to opposite legs of the horse and her wrists to the other legs, so her legs and arms were spread wide apart and her breasts were hanging down and Kelly then raised the legs of the horse until Jill was spread-eagled taunt.

Watching Kelly use the keys, Jill felt the chastity belt being unlocked and the plugs removed from her cunt and asshole. Jill felt very vulnerable and at the same time excited, as she was spread wide open and the way her head was down she could see her dripping cunt.

Jill watched as Kelly remove her dress under which she was naked and go to the wall and retrieved 1/4lb weights and watched as Kelly attached them to her nipple rings and clit ring and she felt the pull of them stretching her nipples and clit.

Kelly then retrieved a nasty looking cane and she then kneeled on the floor next to where Jill was bound. Jill felt the weights continue to stretch her clit and pull on her nipples causing her even more pain.

About ten minutes later Jill saw Barbara entered the room wearing a very skimpy red leather bikini and smiling as she stared at Jill’s body. Barbara took the cane from Kelly and informed Jill she was to receive two strokes from the Singapore punishment cane, so she would know what to expect in the future if she disobeyed.

Jill heard the cane swish through the air and it hit her across the middle of both ass cheeks with a very loud crack sound. As it hit her ass Jill felt the extreme pain spread across her ass worse then any cane stroke she ever experienced and a welt grow. The second stroke caught her in the crease between her legs and ass and Jill screamed from the pain, promising to obey Mistress Barbara’s desires.

Kelly was then told to lick the welts on Jill’s ass and then lick Jill’s stretched clit until she was ready to cum but to stop just before Jill had an orgasm, by biting Jill’s clit. Jill felt the tongue move up and down her stretched clit and her juices started flowing and she was quickly reaching the point of a wonderful climax.

Kelly slowly licked and sucked on Jill’s stretched clit for at least ten minutes and just as she was about to cum, Kelly bit her clit and the pain sent Jill over the edge and she gushed cum into Kelly’s mouth. Barbara laughed saying I knew you were a pain slut, as Carmen and Jason would have nothing less. Kelly was told to release Jill from the horse.

After she was released, Jill saw Barbara removed her bikini bottom and relaxed on a recliner as she pulled Jill between her legs and told Jill she had better be good or else. Jill slowly licked around Barbara’s cunt, flicking at her clit, and nibbling on her labia and drinking her juices. Barbara was enjoying how Jill sucked her cunt and was getting very excited as Jill was drinking her juices as fast as they flowed. Jill then sucked Barbara’s clit into her mouth and using her tongue teased it as it grew and then she stuck her long tongue into Barbara’s wet cunt and fucked her with it to wonderful orgasm. Jill continued to suck and lick Barbara’s cunt as she was afraid to stop and receive the cane. After several wonderful orgasms, Barbara told Jill to stop and pleasure Kelly.

Jill crawled over to Kelly and dove right between her legs finding a wet cunt and proceeded to suck it until Kelly had an orgasm. Jill was then told to help Kelly get dinner ready and they both went to the kitchen.

Once in the kitchen Kelly grabbed Jill and kissed her deep throat and thanked her for the wonderful cum. Over a speaker they heard Barbara say they would pay dearly for that kiss, and to get dinner ready ASAP.

Once dinner was cooked it was brought to the dining room where Barbara was seated in a soft cushioned chair. Jill noticed the bench placed on the side of the table with two huge dildos sticking up. Upon command both Jill and Kelly lowered themselves onto the dildos. Jill felt her cunt stretch to what she thought was its limits and watched Kelly sit down also. Bowls were placed in front of them by Barbara and they ate by using their hands to pick up the food. After dinner and when they finished cleaning up, Jill and Kelly went back to the dungeon where Mistress Barbara was waiting.

Each slave was handed a gag with a small dildo that went in their mouth and a 9” thick dildo attached to the front of the gag. Once the gags were locked in place Jill and Kelly were told to lie on the rug with their heads at the cunt of the other.

Then they were told they would be fucking each other until one of them came. The one that came first would pick an envelope from the two she was holding and if it had a “+” inside it that slave would spend the night in her bed while the other would spend in extreme bondage and if it was a “-“, then she would be in bondage while the other slave was in Barbara’s bed. Also if neither slave was brought to a climax in 10 minutes then both would suffer.

As she lied down, Jill felt Kelly’s dildo enter her wet cunt and she slide her dildo into Kelly’s wet cunt. At the signal all you could see was two bobbing heads thrusting the dildo’s into the others cunt. Kelly rolled over onto Jill pinning her underneath her so she could fuck Jill easier and restrict Jill’s head movement. Jill realized what Kelly had done, but only too late to stop her and then when Kelly slid a finger into her ass Jill knew she was going to lose as Kelly fucked her cunt and asshole and just as she knew Jill was ready to cum, Kelly move her other hand over to Jill’s breast and squeezed her nipple hard and the pain drove Jill over the edge and she had another hard orgasm.

Both were ungagged and Jill complained that Kelly cheated, but Barbara laughed saying I never set any rules. Kelly picked an envelope and when it was opened she saw the (-) inside and shouted “Fuck I won and still lost” Jill was relieved that even though she lost she that she was the one to be in Barbara’s bed.

Kelly’s hands and ankles were locked in tight leather cuffs and then a strap was used to pull her hands and ankles together into a very tight hogtie. A chain from the ceiling was lowered and secured to where Kelly’s hand and ankles were cuffed together and the chain was pulled so her body bowed. Kelly then felt nipple clamps attached to her nipples and weights added as she was raised above the floor, and she hanging face down with the weights swaying and she was in pain which would only get worse though the night.

Jill followed Barbara to her bedroom and watched as Barbara removed her bra and panties and before getting in to her bed Barbara locked the chastity belt on Jill.

Barbara lied down on the bed and commanded Jill to give her a full body tongue bath, while she played with the chastity belt remote keeping Jill on the edge, but denying her a climax. After several hours Barbara fell asleep with Jill’s head between her legs.

In the morning Kelly was released from her bondage and after several minutes of stretching stood up and went to the kitchen to make breakfast. After breakfast Barbara told Kelly while she was reviewing some legal papers she was to put Jill on the cross and use the colored clothespins to make a nice design on Jill’s body using as all of them.

The chastity belt was again removed as to give Kelly more of Jill’s body to torture, and then Jill was strapped to the cross. Jill felt the welts on her ass press against the wood cross and she watched as Kelly brought over a box containing over 200 clothespins that she knew would soon be clipped to her body.

Working slowly Kelly use red pins to circle Jill’s left breast and blue for her right breast. Jill felt the clothespins close on her flesh and realized the ridges were very sharp. Soon Both of Jill’s breasts were covered completely with the pins in circles of varying colors. The pain was intense and Jill tried to stay as still as possible. Next Kelly covered Jill’s left arm with the ones in the armpit hurting the most.

It took Kelly over 2 hours to cover Jill from neck to waist and the pain from the clothespins was unbelievable. Jill thought at least the first areas were becoming numb from the pain, but as Kelly pulled on her clit and quickly snapped 4 clothes pins, Jill screamed from the pain and pissed herself. After washing down Jill’s legs Kelly finished the job covering her mound and legs until looking at Jill you could see no skin.

Barbara entered the room and smiled at the sight of Jill’s body and complimented Kelly on her artistic design. Barbara slowly ran her hands over the clothespins which caused Jill even more pain as each pin moved.

Barbara grabbed Kelly’s hands and cuffed them behind her back, and then told Kelly she had 30 minutes to remove the clothespins using only her mouth and if she did, then until it was time for Jill to go, Kelly could use her anyway she wanted.

Jill could not believe the pain she felt as the pins were pulled from her body by Kelly’s mouth, the ones on her clit and nipples hurt the most, but she watched the head move back and forth pulling several pins at the same time, and her body started to react to the pain, and her juices started to flow down her legs. Kelly yanked the pins as fast as possible and loved the taste of the pins that were on Jill’s legs as they were covered in her juices. Kelly finished the task just before the time was up and was sweaty and tired, but thrilled to have Jill for the next hour. Jill’s body was racked from the pain of Kelly ripping the clothespins from her body and how excited to pain made her feel.

Kelly locked the chastity belt back on Jill and set the controls to extreme shock climax prevention, knowing Jill would not be experiencing an orgasm in the near future. Kelly stripped and ordered Jill to give her a full body tongue bath, and leave her cunt for the end. Jill slowly cleaned the sweat from Kelly’s body hating the salty taste, but knew better that to disobey and disappoint her Mistress.

Finally, Kelly grabbed Jill’s head and pulled it between her legs and screamed “tongue me bitch” Jill dove tongue first into Kelly’s cunt and spent 20 minutes bringing her to several orgasms covering her face with her juices.

When done, Jill was allowed to shower and put her dress back and Kelly drove her to the dock where she met Manny and boarded the boat that would be taking her to her new home and the life of a slave she always dreamed about.



15.07.15

story continues in [**Jill's Adventure into Total Slavery 4: The Island Home**](jillsadventureintototalslavery4.html)

o0o
