---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Theraputic Release
authors:
- gravip14
tags:
- F-m
- M-f
- hypno
- mc
- bond
- oral
- sex
- cons
- X
date: 2009-05-14 00:00:00
---

The usual disclaimer which everyone reads: This story is purely fictional. It is for adults interested in tales on bondage and sexual themes. No profit has been made from this.

**Part I: The first time.**

As he settled himself into onto the sofa she couldn’t help but be amazed that such an attractive specimen could hold such a pathetic mind. Mr. James Norton’s neurotic nature required him to believe that he needed therapy. But other than that there was nothing wrong with him. Dozens of psychiatrists had come to the same conclusion only for him to leave them seek another. It was like a fix to him, he needed it and trying to tell him he was fine was just not what he wanted. I suppose it was unfashionable in his mind. Your “shrink” was just another accessory to such people and the last thing you wanted to hear was that you didn’t need to see one.

I realised this early on. He’d admitted to seeing several other professionals and I’d seen something of this nature before, but he just could not accept that he was fine. This was his only issue. In my frustration I suggested he try hypnotherapy. He could just sit there and I’d tell him to feel refreshed at the end of the session. He’d leave happy and I’d have cleared up some paper work while he waited in his trance. Placebo psychiatry. I could be disbarred for such practice, but it was what he needed.

Looking at him I remembered the first time it happened. I don’t know was it really, maybe that I already knew that I’d crossed a line or that it was a quiet week and my paper work was done and I was just bored as I sat there watching him that day. Whatever it was I decided to experiment. As usual he lay on the sofa in a hypnotic trance, the way I normally left him for our weekly sessions. We were most of the way through the hour. I was inclined to bondage and kept a pair of handcuffs in my office. On quiet moments I’d occasionally wear them. My secretary knew never to interrupt me during meeting with clients and when she was told not to. The latter were mostly used between appointments to wear the cuffs. It was a great way to release stress and a damn sight healthier than smoking. Care was required to hide any cuff marks and I was always sure to have a long sleeved top to cover them. Simple bracelets usually worked a treat.

I had sat staring at him for far too long and wished to play with the cuffs. The bondage was an ironic release I always felt. He’d never notice anyway. Hypnotised patients didn’t remember anything you didn’t want them to. Then it occurred to me!

“Sit up.” I commanded my patient and he complied. Keeping a second key in my closed fist I decided to experiment.

“When I say ‘Dandy’ you will obey this next command. This word will only trigger you this once. On the desk is a pair of handcuffs and their key. You are to lock my hands behind my back with the cuffs and take the key. After 5 minutes you will release me. While I am cuffed you will ignore all commands I give you and just sit where you are with the key. Do you understand?”

“Yes.” He replied.

I turned my back to him and placing my hands together said “Dandy”. Immediately he took the cuffs and proceeded to lock my hands behind by back. The cold steel surrounding my wrists was a welcome feeling. With the key in my hand I knew I could easily free myself. But this was a mere experiment. The real fun was yet to come.

As he sat down I tested my bonds. The cuffs were snug and secure, but not too tight. And now the test. “Release me.” He didn’t move, but just sat there starring into infinity. “Dandy! Take off these cuffs.” The imprinted command word no longer held power. All I could do was wait and see if he followed his instructions and enjoy the cuffs. Time passed slowly as I watched the clock. As I was reaching the point where I had nearly given up on him, he stood up brandishing the key. He released my offered hands.

Once the cuffs were hidden away I returned to where he sat and instructed him to forget everything that had happened and gave him the usual command to feel refreshed and satisfied with the therapy. Upon awaking from his trance he thanked me and left.

**Part II: A real test.**

I’d spent the whole week looking forward to the next session with Mr. Norton, fantasizing about how I’d make him bind me. I had a reasonable collection of bondage equipment. Some handcuffs, leg irons, a ballgag, a blindfold and various lengths of rope. I had rarely trusted or felt brave enough to confide my little secret lust to my previous partners. Self bondage was the usual order of the day. Now though I could simply program this man into binding me up any way I wanted and could trust that he’d release me only at a specific time.

Finally at 2pm our session began and as usual I put him to sleep. After fetching the bag of toys I stood before him with my long black hair hung over my simple royal blue blouse, black body hugging skirt ending just above the knee, black stocking and black patent 5” pumps. I removed a picture I printed from the internet of a secretary, similarly dressed as I was, hogtied with rope and ballgagged and blindfolded and showed it to him.

“Look at this picture. When I say the command word ‘Lemon’ you are to use the contents of this bag to tie me up in the same way. You will ignore any other commands I make to you. While you will not try to harm me you will overpower me if I try to resist. You will leave me tied until 2:45pm. The command word will have no special meaning after I use it. Do you understand?”

“Yes.” He simply replied.

Taking a deep breath my excitement grew. I knew that once I said the word there would be no turning back. He could easily overpower me. He was easily a six-footer if not more and well built. I was just a 5 foot 6, slim built lady. It was 2:04pm now. Just over 40 minute to be bound. I could take it. 15 minutes should give me plenty of time to clean myself up afterwards.

“Lemon” I blurted.

Immediately he stood and reached for the ropes. I decided to resist a little. Taking my wrist in a vicelike grip he spun me around and leaned me over the table. I hadn’t expected that. While not overly forceful I realised I’d pick up some bruises if I fought this. His strong hand had meanwhile captured my other arm and brought them bought together behind my back. Pinning them there he applied the rope with surprising efficiency. Giving up any pretence at struggle I let him finish. My wrists were snugly tied in parallel and cinched. Not too tight, but I wasn’t getting out of it without help before the time was up.

Another length of rope was then circled around my arms just above my elbows. I’d forgotten about the elbow tie. No one had ever put me in one and I sure didn’t know how to do a self applied one. He forced my elbows to a few inches apart. They wouldn’t touch like the model in the picture, but he was clearly going to try and match the picture as best he could. Fear crept in as I felt my average sized breasts were suddenly about to burst out the front of my blouse. “Stop! It’s too tight.” I commanded gasping. But he ignored me and finished cinching the rope which forced my elbows that little bit further together.

My ankles were his next target. Firmly they were placed together and it took a moment for me to regain my balance on the table and get some footing as he bound them. My poor breasts were force to take too much of my weight for that brief moment as my legs were clasped together. As he moved to add yet more rope just above my knee I suddenly became very aware of his hands working around my thighs. In spite of myself I suddenly found I was being aroused. I started wishing he’d forget the rope and move is hands higher. After all I was bound and helpless already.

Frustration was only just setting in when I found myself unceremoniously, though not cruelly, plucked up and place on the floor. I had a strange sensation that I was just some factory processed produce. He was binding me which a sort of robot efficiency, but it all lacked human attachment.

My ankles were then brought up and rope was added to join them to the toe the rope at my wrists. I gasped as he forced them closer together into about as strict a hogtie as I was capable of. Next time I show a picture, I need to ensure the model is not more supple then me. Before I knew what was happening a ballgag was filling my open mouth. My automatic protests were quickly muffled, but I’m just lucky that this office is soundproofed or by now my secretary would be coming into to the last scene she ever expected to see. The gag was secured about as tight as it would go. The blindfold then made the whole world disappear. Somehow that final act made it all so much more real.

Upon completion he sat back down and left me too struggle helplessly on the floor. I had no doubt that I was stuck here until the time was up. Suddenly I was afraid. Had I instructed him correctly? Would he release me like he was supposed to? What time was it now?

I struggled vainly in a mixed state of terror and arousal. Was I going to get out of this as planned or would my secretary walk in hours later to find me? And damn it man, don’t just sit there. Do something to me! I could not believe how excited I was getting. My struggles became about as much for physical release as for sexual release. I wanted to cum so badly. Drool ran freely from the gag, but I just didn’t care about that. My skirt marched slowly up my pale creamy thighs eventually exposing my silky black thong knickers. Soon the tight position began to cause my whole body to ache. Only the sexual frustration kept me distracted enough to make it bearable.

After what felt like forever I finally felt hands loosen the knots on my elbows. The relief that he would free me as planned was nearly enough to make me faint. I sighed as the elbows were released and next he targeted my wrists. Once free I ignored their stiffness and my hands went straight to my dripping sex. The dislodged skirt gave me quick and easy access. As he methodically continued to unbind me, now at the thighs, I worked my finger on my clit, my free hand in my blouse groping and my erect nipples. Only for the gag the world would have heard me. The blindfold left me isolated from all reality as I worked to my climax. As he started on my ankles my passion exploded.

I lay collapsed in a timeless world and he removed the last of my bonds. The gag dripped a trail of saliva from my mouth to the bag. Eventually my panting subsided and I noticed with horror the time was 3:12pm. ‘Time to clean myself up’ I taught! There was no chance. I cursed as I went to the attached washroom and cleaned up. I opened a window to clear the smell of my juices. Hastily I fixed my makeup and straightened my rumpled clothes. There was no hiding the mark the gag had left on my face. Tidying away my toys I noticed the drool stain, but I’d never clear it now.

Returning to Mr. Norton I gave him some final commands. “When you wake up you will feel refreshed and satisfied. You will not be surprised or annoyed at the time running over. You will not notice anything strange about my appearance or the room. You will wake up when I snap my fingers”. Click.

He awoke with a smile.

“Sorry we ran late, but I felt the progress could not be interrupted. Obviously I won’t charge you, but I hope you won’t be too inconvenienced.”

She convinced him to do two hourly sessions in future and that it could run over again, without charge, so as not to have plans after. He was only delighted to have a professional believe he warranted even more time.

**Part III: Physical Therapy**

With Mr. Norton settled in his trance I began stripping off my clothes. Thank goodness for the cold weather last week, otherwise I wouldn’t have had a long coat to cover my rumpled clothing. This time I intended to save my wardrobe. Wearing only my black thong and knee high black leather boots I collected my bag of toys.

“Sit up.” I commanded and handed him a bondage magazine with various sexual acts enacted. I ordered him to look through the pages and remember what he saw.

“The command word is ‘Lollipop’. After you hear it you will obey my next commands. The word will only have this special meaning to you once. You will not obey any further commands I make after hearing it. You will use those pictures as a guide. Choosing from them you are to bind me and use me for your own sexual pleasure. You will avoid harming me, but will force me to be bound and please you as necessary. You are to release me at 3:30pm. Do you understand?”

Upon his confirmation I uttered “Lollipop.”

He proceeded to get the handcuffs first. Not wishing to get hurt I allowed him to apply them. My wrists now secured behind me he forced me to kneel and then locked my ankles with a second pair of handcuffs. A leather collar was then fastened around my slender neck, my hair hanging freely over it. He then proceeded to blindfold me. My last sight was the growing bulge in his trousers. This bondage felt somehow much more real than the previous time. He was more part of it. Not just some hypnotised human robot. The smell of his manhood just before his hardened penis brushed my lips made me realise just how much a part of this he really was.

“Open up.” He commanded. I complied and took his shaft into my mouth. While I wasn’t new to giving a blow job, I’d never tried one bound. His hands clamped on my head helped me balance as he I slowly rocked back and forth. As his excitement grew he began to pumping my face. My gag reflex kicked in a few times, as I’d pull away he force me back into place. His pace quickened and I struggled to match the rhythm. As he began to peak I realised he wasn’t going to pull out to cum. I’d never let a man finish in my mouth before. Spitting wasn’t going to be an option either. As his hot seed filled my mouth I desperately tried to swallow. When he finally removed his spent member from my mouth I coughed and spat the remaining contents out. This was hastily interrupted as I suddenly felt the familiar ballgag inserted. I continued to cough and splutter behind the gag. Spittle and cum ran freely down my chin and onto my bare chest.

Powerful arm grabbed me under my arms and hoisted me to my unsteady feet. Taking my left arm he guided my hopping form across the room. Completely disoriented I prayed he wouldn’t let me trip on some unseen obstacle. He stopped me and bent me over what could only be my desk. The cuffs on my ankles were removed from my left leg. After spreading my legs I heard the click of cuffs locking. My right leg now appeared to be locked to the table leg. He repeated this with the left leaving my legs locked spread apart and my sex suddenly feeling very exposed. Its dampness easily soaking the thin material of the knickers. I felt a leash clipped to my collar and then go taut, forcing me to stay flat against the table. I heard him tie it off at the front of the desk.

He returned to the other side of the table. He gently pulled my knickers aside and I felt his warm fingers begin to explore the outer area of my sex. When those questing digits found my swollen clit I screamed. His continued ministrations left me writhing on the table. Soon it would be too much. Before I could get my satisfaction those blessed fingers abandoned me. The frustration was unbearable. My piteous moans were cut short as suddenly his restored manhood filled me. His steady pumping was easily enough to give me my much deserved orgasm. The pleasure overwhelmed me, my whole body going taut. A wail of shear erotic release was only barely contained by the gag. As I began to recover, his own lusts were clearly building. His animalistic grunts as he used me were getting louder and louder. I couldn’t believe it as I felt my own stirrings start anew. With what little freedom I had I tried to match his motion. As he became more and more frenzied, my own pleasure was building to fever pitch. His explosion inside me was countered by my own.

Awareness returned to my limp form. I was still secured to the table. My whole body ached with the strain of holding the position. I shivered, feeling a chill on my still damp skin. Aching for release, I had no idea of the time. Moaning weakly through the gag as I vainly sought as more comfortable stance. Eventually I heard movement from my unwilling master. He released my ankles and then my wrists. I managed to unclip the leash and remove my blindfold and gag. As my vision cleared I could see the table was a mess. A great puddle of drool matched the one on my exposed chest. The floor beneath my feet was no better, our combined juices having been deposited there as I remained bound.

I’ve have to come up with some way to avoid destroying my office with these session before next week I decided.

to be continued...
