---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sara the Reluctant Rubberdoll
authors:
- Sarablade
tags:
- M/f
- latex
- catsuit
- bond
- gag
- kidnap
- crate
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2003-09-28 00:00:00
---

One day I was chatting on the internet, I have to tell you a woman that
is into bondage gets a lot of attention, all of a sudden I got a message
from a guy called rubber man. The story went like this...
        Rubberman: Hello how are
you?
        Sara: I am fine you?
        Rubberman: I am good. I
am looking to make a human rubber doll.
        Sara: Wow, I don't know
much about rubber.
        Rubberman: Would you like
to try it?
        Sara: Sure it sounds exciting
give me your number.

I have to tell you I do not normally agree to meet someone that easy
but the thought of rubber got me really hot. I had never tried it but I
have been into bondage for many years now. So I figured "Why not take a
chance".

He planned on me meeting him at a warehouse he owned, I thought how
scary but sexy all the same. I drove out there all alone; I was dressed
in a short skirt and a tight blouse. As I got out of my car I noticed that
there was only one other car there in the lot, I locked the car and walked
into the warehouse, as I entered I saw him standing over in one corner
of the large area. Standing in the middle of the warehouse was a crate
that looked like a coffin and lying on top was a bundle of rubber gear.
He said, “Hello are you Sara?” I said, “Yes that’s me.” He said, “strip
please we need to get you into this rubber.”

I began to take off my clothes slowly whilst watching him stare at me,
when I had removed my underwear I stood in front of him nude. He gave me
a black rubber catsuit and said, “Get this on.” I slipped my legs into
the waiting holes, the smooth texture of the latex sending pleasant sensations
through my body, I pulled the catsuit further up my body luxuriating in
its feel as my naked body was covered by the suits ebony embrace. I eased
my arms into the sleeves, I now had the catsuit covering my body, the earlier
chill of the smooth covering giving way to the heat from my body, I present
myself to him, his hands touched the small of my back sending shivers down
my spine and zipped it up, closing me inside.

Wow this was so sexy I could feel myself getting wet, the tight rubber
gripping my breasts and my pussy. He looked at me and said, “You look yummy!”
I looked down at my tightly enclosed body, he was right I did look good,
the latex smoothed the sleek lines of my body, tightening and toning my
flesh. He then grabbed a black rubber hood that had a built in pear shaped
gag, he slipped the gag into my mouth, pulled the hood over my head and
zipped it up tight. There were holes for my nose so I could breath and
holes for my eyes so I could see, but besides that my head was covered
in rubber.

Then I saw him grab a bunch of rubber straps, he also had a device in
his hand that I had no idea what it was but I soon saw what it would do.
He began by putting one of the strips around my ankles and attached the
device. Before I knew it the strap melted almost sealing my ankles together.
Next he did the same below my knees and then above my knees, both times
he used the device to melt the rubber to bind me tightly. My wrists were
held at my sides and more straps held them in place, another one around
my elbows and again at the top of my arms made sure that I was held very
securely, again each strap was melted sealing my arms to the sides of my
now tightly bound body.

Now that I was totally helpless and silent, he then stepped back and
said, “My dear I have sold you and you have brought me a pretty penny.
See that crate that is what I am going to ship you in. I have sold you
to a very rich man in the Middle East.”

At that point I began to panic and started to struggle but I was held
very tightly by the straps, my limbs were useless to me, in my struggle
to get free I fell to the floor. He said, “No luck there was not a chance
of me escaping the straps and that I was totally helpless!” He said that
he’d used these straps several times and no one had escaped. Then he put
a couple more strips above and below my breasts, around my hips and another
smaller strap over the gag to hold it in place. Then he picked me up and
placed me in the box, he smiled at me as I lay there and thanked me for
making it all so easy for him to kidnap me.

The last image I saw was his face as he placed the lid of the crate
overhead, pushing it closed and sealing the lid. I laid there bound in
my tight rubber catsuit and wondered what lay ahead for me and to my surprise
I had a orgasm thinking of all the things he may do to me. Then I felt
the crate move I was being loaded onto a truck, the truck then drove off
with me inside as the cargo, my fate was sealed but what would happen next...
