---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiessz/training_slaveselena13.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: 'The Training of Slave Selena Chapter 13: Taking Control'
authors:
- James W
tags:
- M/f
- D/s
- latex
- bond
- SBR
- piercing
- enema
- catheter
- cons
- X
date: 2008-12-29 00:00:00
---

**Chapter 13: Taking Control**

It was late by the time they returned to James’s flat and they were both happy and contented to be back, ‘S’ retreated to the bathroom to bathe her piercings. James wanted ‘S’ to stay the night, he couldn’t bare the idea of her being on her own in her own flat with sensitive piercings and no one there to comfort her. So he insisted; she put up little defence. She could leave for work on the morrow. She already had some street clothes in his wardrobe; so it was settled.

Sitting quietly in towelling gowns on the comfortable sofa they mused over the build up to the weekend as well as the weekend. They took to their bed early, both tired. Snuggling up together between black latex sheets James spoke. “Darling ‘S’ lets sleep now, then I want to see you tomorrow evening to discuss certain things which need both of our attention before you become my full time slave. Tomorrow, no slave meditation or enema, just look after yourself and by the way, no latex!” ‘S’ was too tired to argue.

At work she was very careful to avoid brushing her sensitive nipples and took time to bathe her piercings at lunch. She felt so proud of her accomplishments although she did feel rather weary after the excitement of the wonderful weekend. When it was time to leave work she took great care when pulling on her SBR, even so she did wince as the heavy material brushed across her very sensitive nipples.

The early evening was warm and the ride on the underground in her mackintosh had her very warm under the confining caress of her impermeable SBR although she did not for one instant even think of undoing any buttons or slackening off any straps, she was after all a fully blown rubberist and was so very proud of her condition.

When‘S’ arrived at her Master’s penthouse flat she felt under dressed; no latex only her shiny black rubber mackintosh to confirm her fetishistic life style. She wore no gloves on her hands. Her Master had said no latex after all.

She rang the flat door bell and almost immediately it was answered by her Master wearing latex trousers and shirt. He looked wonderful an ’S’ hugged him but immediately was reminded of her sore nipples. She winced then pulled back. James smiled.

“How are young my subservient; five times pierced rubber slave?”

“Master I’m fine but feel completely naked not wearing latex. Please can I slip into something now?” Her master said nothing, rather he helped her out of her SBR then taking her hand led her into the sitting room where he motioned her to sit down.

“Slave, your piercings will take some time to heal and they will need to be bathed in salted water three times a day initially. The wearing of latex over the top will cause perspiration which could infect your piercings. I don’t want to risk you getting any infections so I have decided as your keeper, to impose a moratorium of the wearing of any latex over your breast or crotch.”

He was silent as if he had finished speaking. Selena was shocked and mortified, she couldn’t believe her ears. Her mouth dropped open, all the excitement of wearing and sharing latex since the first meeting began to disappear; she was bereft. She was about to speak when he continued. “For the next 30 days.” Again he left a gap. ‘S’ was distraught. She opened her mouth to speak but before any sound left her mouth, her Master was speaking again “This will give your piercings plenty of time to heal. But” and here he emphasised the ‘but’ “you will of course continue to wear latex over the rest of your lovely body and you will of course sleep between latex sheets. You will also be busy in preparation of you becoming my 24/ 7 slave.” ‘S’ had again jumped to the wrong conclusion, putting 2 and 2 together and arriving at 5! Her fears were not realised!

“So let’s get down to detail slave, First I want you to fit your vinyl lens helmet, corset and black latex gloves. Oh, and fit your slave collar with leash; Report to me when you are ready. We have much to discuss and I have tasks you will have to work at each day in preparation for your full rubberisation!” He added. “You will not need your blindfold or gag.”

‘S’ reappeared dressed as prescribed. She was led into the dungeon and loosely tethered by her slave collar to a ringbolt fixing by the washbasin in the toilet shower wet area. Her Master produced a long slim packet from one of the drawers, it was 2ft long. He ripped the packet and pulled out a long thin red rubber tube with rounded head with two eyelet slots set in the head. The tube was about the thickness of a slim biro but very flexible.

“This is an oesophical tube; you remember we saw one at ‘DeMask’. I seem to remember you were excited when I told you of its purpose. Well now is your chance to try one, you see, I shall want the option of feeding you via this tube if I so desire once you are my full time slave; that will mean, as you know, you will not have any taste, you will only be aware vaguely of the ingress of liquid unto your stomach. Now watch me closely, I shall wet the tip and first few inches of the tube with my saliva, then I shall gently introduce the tube back towards my throat opening. The tube is rounded and smooth, so it will not irritate the flap which hangs down from your throat. This flap activates your gag reflex and will, if prodded sharply result in you being sick. I have, with practice overcome the urge to gag. Now watch slave because when I withdraw the tube from my throat, you will begin to practice!”

The Master then proceeded to slowly swallow the red rubber tubing until only a couple of inches remained. ‘S’ was spellbound. ‘Imagine it, me being fed and watered via a rubber tube; I should be under total control, an object of my master’s desire, his play thing.’ She focussed on the tube as it finally slipped out of her Master’s mouth. It was her turn now! With trembling gloved hands she took hold of the glistening flexible tube and opening her mouth pushed it towards the back of her mouth, all was well; now, to touch the oesophical flap with the head of the tube. She touched it and immediately felt the irrepressible urge to gag. She coughed and pulled the tube out of her mouth, eyes watering. She felt as if she would be sick. She turned towards her Master and looked at him through the vinyl lenses, “Master, I’m a failure what did I do wrong?”

“Slave, listen to me carefully. What you did was to push the tube too quickly towards the back of your throat, you really must slow down. As the tube gets towards the back of your throat stop, think, ‘slowly’ then allow the tube to just touch your epiglottis. As soon as you feel the gagging sensation move it away slightly still holding it within your mouth. Over come your retch reactions then try again. It will take time before you are able to overcome the gag reflex. Keep practising, morning and night, spend no more than a few minutes at anyone time and you will progressively overcome you response to gag. Then you will be able to swallow the tube easily. Now try again but this time slowly”

‘S’ did as instructed and was surprised at her success she still gagged but withdrawing the tube slightly allowed her to keep the tube in her mouth. Taking it out of her mouth she spoke. “Master, I believe I shall be successful with this if I keep practising. I am determined to succeed. The thought of you having such control over me is incredibly exciting!”

Her Master spoke. “You must take the tube and practice, once you have success then you can experience what it’s like to be fed without either swallowing or tasting, because I have many plans for you once you are my 24/7 slave”. ‘S’ heart leaped at the implication of this.

“Now the next item I want you to become proficient at using is a catheter”. He opened a sealed package to remove a Foley type catheter. It was about 9” long and was small diameter. It was made of natural coloured silicon rubber, and had a rounded nozzle with one opening at the head. Towards the outer end of the catheter it had an inflation balloon filled with sterile water which, once fitted into the bladder and filled by pressing produced an inflated balloon at the tip of the catheter within the bladder to stop removal. This would allow the catheter to remain within the bladder for any length of time up to 14 days; the outer end of the tube could be connected to a collection device either a bag or directly to a bottle. Removal was facilitated by connecting a syringe to a small valve and withdrawing the sterile water from the retaining balloon within the bladder.

The Master finished explaining all of this to a wide eyed slave. “You see, slave using a catheter allows me to control your body functions, you will have no say in the matter. It will allow me to keep you in tight bondage without you needing to go to the bathroom at intervals and will underline your dependence on me”.

Again ‘S’ gulped, her breathing quick; she was very excited at the implication of this new information. ‘Yes, yes, yes! I will become my Master’s plaything, having no say in what happens to me ; trusting completely in my Master for my existence; I will be free of all responsibility other than of pleasing my Master.’ ‘S’ thoughts were racing she couldn’t wait to experience this new item. ‘S’ was then taken to the bondage chair where she was strapped and carefully washed in preparation for catheterisation.

The piercing rings looked good and he was tempted to finger them; but he had work to do. Donning sterile latex gloves he spoke. “It is vital to be scrupulously clean when completing catheterisation. Now, lets see, yes”, he placed a glob of KY jelly on her urinary opening. He gently introduced the catheter tube. ‘S’ felt a strange new sensation and her heart beat increased. Then from the end of the tube a steady stream of urine trickled into a stainless steel kidney bowl which received the flow. She was amazed that the procedure had been so easy. “You see, slave I now have control over your urine flow. I’m now going to inflate the balloon within your bladder to stop its removal”. Having completed this, the Master fitted a latex drainage bag to his slave’s thigh. “Now slave you will retain the catheter for the next two days. You can drain the bag whenever it becomes full, there is a tap at the bottom; but you cannot remove the catheter. I will do that in two days time; in the meantime you need not use the toilet for fluid release. This can be your first experience of being catheterised and under my control.

‘S’ couldn’t believe her ears. Here she was willingly under the control her Master. She was powerless to do anything. She would remain catheterised until he decided to remove the catheter. She looked down to see the slim tube dangling from her vagina and snaking its way to the collection bag on her thigh. ‘So this is what it’s like to wear a catheter. I can’t believe I’ve got one in. My god, I’m just my Master’s plaything. He has control over one of my vital functions and I can’t do a thing about it, wow,’ she shuddered at the realisation. ‘I’m really getting into deep and total control, and I love the experience; to be controlled so totally is amazing, I can’t wait until the end of the month!’

She then voiced her inner thoughts to her master. They spoke of this for some time planning various scenarios prior to ‘S’ handing over of her self to be used and trained and, kept as a fully encapsulated and rubberised slave; tight and tidy with no respite. By the time they left the dungeon she was very excited and eager to get to grips with her new training regime. Over the meal, she spoke of her thoughts and experiences over the time they had been lovers. They laughed and giggled at some of the things they had done and their experiences; their fears and anxieties about revealing their true inner secret thoughts as their relationships blossomed. How the old Selena had been so excited about the first weekend visit to James’s county cottage and wearing her SBR fully belted into the local pub. She felt she was very daring to do so, but looking back now they both laughed at her naivety. “Master I’ve come a long way since then and I know now that the journey has only just begun and is endless. That’s what is so exciting. A life times journey.”

She left her Master’s flat knowing she was inexorably moving towards her destiny; she shuddered feeling the movement of the thin silicon catheter tube brushing her thigh; she knew that as a slave she was powerless to remove it. The only task she was responsible for and had been instructed to execute was to empty the collection bag strapped to her thigh. She pulled her mackintosh belt in another notch and set out to gain the underground which would take her to her flat. She resolved to hand in her notice on the morrow. Although she was a freelance, she still felt it appropriate to let her company know of her plan to cease working at the end of the month. The die had been cast!

She awoke with a start, it was the middle of the night, and her phone was ringing. She slid a latex gloved hand out to lift it from the receiver; she held it to her helmeted head. “Hello?” Her thoughts in a spin, who could it be?

“slave.” In an instant she knew her response.

“Master?”

“I’ve been thinking of you since our discussion and I want to tell you just how much I love you.”

“Thank you Master. I love you, I worship you, I serve you, I adore you. What service can I be?”

There was a pause, then, “Consider your position slave, once you are mine totally, you will not know whether it is day or night as I shall, at my discretion, keep you blindfolded for long periods if I choose. You will be under my complete control and, I can assure you, I will exercise my right to control you absolutely. Think on that when you next meditate, I will e-mail you tomorrow. You have been catheterised now for, let me see, yes, 6 hours. How does it feel slave?”

“Master” Came the reply. “It feels strange not needing to go to the toilet and the tube reminds me of my total subservience to you; I like it.”

“Now begin your mantra put the phone down after counting to 6.”

‘S’ did as ordered, then continued with her mantra, “For the love of my Master, for the love of my Master until sleep overtook her.

==================================

‘S’ awoke habitually now at 6am. She stretched out her gloved hand and switched off her alarm which had remained silent. Then slipped out of her latex sheeted nest and walked into her bathroom where she emptied her drainage bag then took her enema. Meditating was accomplished easily now; her mantra helping her to focus on her coming slavedomship. Removing her helmet she took a leisurely shower then laced on her corset. She wore silk briefs and bra and felt somehow uncomfortable in doing so, but she knew it made sense and she could wait until the end of the month to give it up for ever. Walking the short distance to the tube station she looked to the casual passer by, a tall slim woman in a tightly belted shiny black raincoat with sou’wester to match.

By the end of the day she had given in her notice to the shock of both her bosses as well as her colleagues but they recognised clearly that she was determined to do so and was, anyway, madly in love and wanted to make a life with her man. She had instructed an estate agent to put her property on the market and arranged for a valuation on the following morning.

Returning from work in the early evening she was glad to be at home again after a somewhat fraught day. Taking off her SBR and stripping naked, she moved into her bathroom to bathe her piercings. She stood and examined herself. Her nipple piercings were looking good as were her genital rings. Her shaved mons and pubic area showed off the silicon tube where it emerged from her .She fingered the tube examining it closely. She had accommodated to it and was, deep down, enjoying the experience of wearing the device; she emotionally understood the significance of her situation. She had no control over her bladder; her master had imposed control and seen to that when he had fitted her catheter.

She slipped out of the bathroom and returned a few minutes later wearing her vinyl lensed helmet. Standing in front of the full length mirror she admired herself standing proud with breasts pointed her nipples full and ringed. She let her eyes take in the picture reflected beck. A tall lithe female quite naked apart from the glossy black latex helmet and gloves, her piercing rings glinting in the spotlights; the catheter tube and collection bag strapped to her thigh. The image was perverse, but she thrilled at the anonymous figure which stared back at her; ‘Yes, I’m like a chrysalis gradually emerging from my pupa. I shall progressively become the full blown beautiful creature at the end of the month. I shall no longer be confined by society expectations; I shall be free in my bondaged rubbered state to live according to my Master’s wishes. If I were given any choice I would of course choose to be kept rubberised, encapsulated never wearing anything else but latex rubber and kept permanently in severe bondage. Yes, I thank the gods I’ve got a Master who shares similar feelings as me. I shall devote myself to becoming a perfect slave.’

Then as if to confirm her intentions she walked beck to the bathroom and began practising with the oesophical tube. She managed to keep the tube touching her epiglottis without retching but was unable to swallow the tube. She remembered the Masters words, “It could take some time to overcome the gag response.” She was pleased with her progress and quietly determined to complete her training.

She spent most of the evening tidying and preparing the flat for the visit of the estate agent the following morning. She tidied away her latex gear and enema equipment which normally hung behind her bathroom door.

He arrived on time and pronounced the flat, ‘eminently saleable.’ she should have no trouble selling it; the clock was ticking inexorably, there could be no going back.

On Wednesday evening at the appointed hour she reported to her Master. She had been feeling very masochistic during the previous two days it was, she reasoned, her imminent move into 24/7 rubberization together with both the actual and symbolic removal of her independence that had caused this. Once divested of her SBR she knelt, head down her gloved arms holding out her flaccid favourite helmet as if begging for her Master to fit it on her. The silent pleading was granted and her hair was sensually plaited whilst ‘S’ squirmed but remained silent. The fitting of the helmet took some time as the long plait had to be drawn through the opening at the top of the helmet and then laced tightly. Closing the zipped flap at the back was completed carefully so the eye and mouth holes were perfectly position; the helmet looked perfect; it had been fitted by a Master. Once fitted, she assumed the classic slave pose, kneeling, arms behind her back head bowed.

‘S’ was once again taken and secured tightly into the bondage chair by her Master. The removal of her catheter fascinated her; the fixing of the syringe to the external valve and the manual withdrawal of the sterile water that had been deep within her bladder fascinated her. As the catheter was gently removed from her the sensation was unlike any she had ever experienced. It felt like the tube was a living item something of her Master’s desires. She had enjoyed the new experience of being catheterized and particularly of wearing it, but particularly the psychological implication of being controlled and was eager to know how to self catheterize herself.

Once shown she proceeded to complete the task easily and was thrilled to know she could catheterize herself if her Master ordered her. She was reluctant to remove it at the end of the experience, but was so subservient she complied without a word. As no sex was possible because of her vaginal piercings her Master took her into the dungeon where she was instructed to please him by sensual body massage, oral pleasuring and nipple manipulation. She helped him into a completely enclosed special black latex suit with only a tube opening at his mouth. Pulling up the final head closure zip ‘S’ looked at her packaged man and felt only love towards him. She helped him onto the padded bench then strapped him down. There followed a slow sensuous massage of his whole body, but concentrating particularly on his pert nipples. She rolled them between her gloved hands, pinched and used a vibrator on them. She then attached clamps. As he neared pleasure she affixed a rebreathing bag to his breathing tube; his breathing quickened as the combination of rebreathing and ‘nippling’ had him take pleasure; the latex sheath containing his issue. She left him still strapped but removed the rebreathing bag. Within her deep unconscious and unacknowledged by her conscious mind, she got a frisson from being in charge; however at this time she was only aware of her deep love for her Master.

It took a further two weeks for her vaginal piercing to heal. During that time her sex drive increased to a point where she thought she would die of frustration. She had to use her slave mantra constantly to control the urge. Her dreams were increasingly fetishistic and she often woke drenched in perspiration having taken a nocturnal pleasure. When she did she often went to her computer and followed up by surfing the ‘Alt binaries, rubberist, domains. She pictured herself in many of the stories she read or in pictures of other slaves in deep severe bondage.

It was during the second week that ‘S’ wearing her vinyl eyepiece helmet managed to accomplish her target of swallowing the oesophical tube. It was early morning; she had been feeling so sexually turned on with the thought that she would, in two weeks time, sign over her life to her Master. She found that if she ran the tube across her tongue and wetted it the saliva acted as a lubricant and allowed inward progress without difficulty. The oesophical tube slipped in easily and lightly touched the flap at the back of her throat; she did not gag and did not withdraw it. She persisted and then it happened, the red rubber oesophical tube slid past. A massive surge of joy overtook ‘S’ as the tube inexorably slid down her throat. She kept swallowing but there was no need. Only a couple of inches of tube remained at her mouth.

She was ecstatic; she had mastered the process, now the special suit of hers could be used as designed. The small opening at the back of the mouth sack would allow the fixing of the feeding tube. She wanted to try receiving liquids via the oesophical tube, but she knew that would come in due course. Anyway she didn’t have the apparatus for that. She looked at herself in the mirror above her basin; all that was visible was a helmeted head with two inches of red rubber tube poking out of the mouth opening. She tried the tube in various positions, first centre of lips then either side. Then she began the withdrawal. The tube slid out easily. She held all two feet of it up in front of her face. She was so proud of her accomplishment. Then with beating heart she tried again and again she swallowed all but two inches of the flexible rubber tube. This time she kept it in place until it was time to leave for work. She missed breakfast but was so elated at her success.

At work she sent off an e-mail to her Master, it read:

‘M,

Your ‘s’ has swallowed all two feet of her red snake and is both thrilled and proud of a successful outcome to her given task. She lives in anticipation of the outcome.

Your obedient,

‘S’

She knew that anyone intercepting the message would not understand the content. Only her beloved Master would. She was eager to receive his reply.
