---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Scanned, Printed, Sealed
authors:
- Baron Law
tags:
- F+-m
- F-f
- bond
- encase
- objectify
- conditioning
- sendep
- toys
- electro
- tease
- denial
- milk
- buttplug
- gag
- climax
- enema
- force-feed
- hood
- cuffs
- sex
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-09-20 00:00:00
---

### Part Five

#### Monday Afternoon, Plans are Made

Maggie was clearly thinking, but finally pulled herself together and explained, “I can’t punish George or David as much as they deserve, and there's no guarantee the courts would convict them. I also understand the need to protect the company, and Phil especially. So sadly it is probably best not to press criminal charges and drag all of us through the courts in the hope that George might eventually receive some sort of jail time and not just plead out to a lesser crime and get parole anyway.”

“I will insist that you continue to root out George and David’s compatriots and potential saboteurs,” Maggie added. “If we are to have the level of trust needed for a project of this nature I have to know, not think but know, the people who are working on it can be trusted.”

“That being said,” Maggie’s face grew very grim, “I will never forgive him, or how he endangered Subject-P, or how this was actually an attack against Paula for the crime of not wanting to go out with him and dating me.”

“But onto the more important question, do we proceed with our experiment or stop?” Maggie asked rhetorically.

Her face indicated she had reached a decision. “Subject-P is my primary responsibility and therefore I want to let you all know I appreciate the support and input, but in the end I need to decide if we continue.”

In an almost clinical manner Maggie described the experiment's goals. “As you all know there were three experiments happening this week. The first and most obvious was testing the most interactive bondage device we’ve designed so far. This included a food substitute delivery system to enable longer term bondage. The second most obvious test was randomized triggering of the expanded range of physical stimulation possible with the new device through the means of a video game interface. Since nothing is more random than people, this video game interface was considered a good test of those functions.”

Maggie paused for a moment, ordering her thoughts. “But potentially the most important part of the testing and the least obvious was using the video game interface to program Subject-P into an obedient living Robot. Through subliminal messaging, subliminal sounds, positive and negative feedback provided by the device and of course the actual imagery on the screens Subject-P has to watch. This Robot state of mind could be triggered by me using a key phrase. At this point Subject-P would enter a state of mind where he considers himself a passenger in his own body, while his robot personality drives the body and obeys my commands. In addition, by speaking another phrase while he is in the Robot mode, I can activate the Sex Robot mode. This was to be an even deeper personality level, where he was to be constantly aroused but unable to cum without being ordered to do so. This would have obvious advantages in prolonging his usefulness as a living sex toy for myself, Paula’s and even Subject-P’s enjoyment.” She summed up the last experiment in a near monotone.

Helen stared at Maggie in surprise. “I never saw this mentioned anywhere in the Special Project folder.”

Mr Barclay spoke up, “Only the first two experiments are officially listed in the documentation. The consulting firm we are working with would only agree to assist us if that last part was off the record.”

Maggie nodded and Paula continued to squeeze her hand in support.

Maggie continued, “I have no idea how much of the initial programming has taken hold in Subject-P at this point, he was supposed to spend Sunday through Friday receiving repeated exposure to the program as designed by the consultants. That has obviously been derailed by George at least a little.”

“I do know this though,” Maggie’s voice was firm as she pronounced, “I think we are better going forward, then trying to undo the past. If we open up Subject-P’s containment to get his opinion we undo all the work we’ve done so far. So far we’ve lost about five hours, that still leaves the rest of today and the entire week till Saturday. I say we go ahead, but monitor him even more closely.”

Paula was nodding along, then spoke up. “In light of all this chaos Mr Barclay, do you think we could get those outside consultants to live monitor Phil’s brain waves and give us a real time evaluation?”

Mr Barclay cleared his throat before answering, “Yes, I’ll reach out to them and see if they can monitor Subject-P’s progress in real time.”

“If it’s a question of money Robert, I’ll foot the bill,” Helen spoke up.

Maggie, seemingly exhausted by the events of the day, sagged back into her chair.

Paula spoke up, “I’ll reload the consultants original files to Subject-Ps Brain in the Box, and after you talk to the consultants, let me know where to send the monitoring feeds.”

Maggie stood up and commented, “Back to the lab then.”

The two of them left and if they seemed to support each other slightly, no one commented.

#### Mr Barclay and Mrs Carter

Helen waited till the door shut. “Poor dears are so wrung out they didn’t even notice when Paula slipped and called him Phil.”

Robert commented, “I think we should pretend we didn’t hear that.”

Helen smiled, “You are a good boy Robert, just like your father.”

“Thank you Aunt Helen.” He smiled back.

“You haven’t called me that since you were ten,” she chuckled.

“Well what did you think of Paula and Maggie?” he asked.

“They are everything you told me they were.” Helen nodded her head and continued, “I think they’ll be perfect for some of the ideas I have.”

“How about Subject-P?” Robert probed. “Did you read that psych evaluation?”

“I did indeed, dear boy.” Helen smiled a very wicked smile. “I have a feeling he will be even more suited to my plans than the girls.”

Robert told her, “I need to call those consultants and get back to Paula. Do you want to hang around or go home?”

Helen thought for a moment. “I don’t think you need me here any more, I’ll head home now. But keep me in the loop, Robert.”

“Of course Aunt Helen,” Robert replied. “Oh, before I forget, you were going to have those young ladies from your inner circle stop by for full body scans, for their robot costumes?”

“Yes, I remembered, they should be here this afternoon,” Helen told him. “I just forgot to mention it with all this morning's excitement.”

“And you did warn them their costumes would have some Interactive Features?” Robert asked cautiously.

Helen laughed. “Robert, that’s the only reason they agreed to it!”

She left his office still chuckling to herself. Robert shrugged and called his special consultants to make arrangements for Ph…Subject-P’s monitoring.

While he waited for his contact to answer he thought to himself. *“I’ve got to remind myself to still call him Subject-P, it would embarrass Paula and might undermine Maggie’s trust in us if she thought we’d been investigating him and found out his name on our own.”*

#### Inside the throne

Phil watched the end of the movie, the good guys win, Luke redeems his father, the emperor “dies”, happy endings all around. Happy endings for everyone but Phil that is!

As much as he appreciated a good movie, he had to wonder what was going on. First thing in the morning he had been awoken by an X-rated and to be honest blatantly sexist version of the video game. It was like some 13 year old horny teen boy's idea of a sexy game. Phil had to admit his body had responded to the stimulation provided by the game, but he was also confused by the imagery and the story being told. Also the damn game had gotten him hard as hell and then left him hanging.

Then things had switched suddenly and apparently mid-game to a view of the empty tent he was currently occupying. After maybe 10-15 minutes the first movie had started “Exit to Eden” a watered down version of BDSM starring of all people Rosie O’Donnell. Amusing enough as a Rom-Com of sorts with an overlay of BDSM themes and costumes, Phil much preferred the book. Five minutes or so after it ended, he was treated to “Return of the Jedi”, a movie he had watched dozens of times.

But during both movies, the device he was locked inside of did nothing. Not one zap, not one vibration, no stimulation of any kind. The x-rated game wound him up and the movies put him on hold.

*“Was that their plan all along?”* Phil thought to himself, “*Wind me up and leave me hanging?”*

He didn’t know if it was cruel or brilliant, but it was definitely frustrating.

He watched the movie closing credits and then abruptly the screens over his eyes went black and the sound cut off.

Five minutes, ten minutes, passed by? Time has no meaning without any input from the outside world. All Phil knew was something must be happening.

Without any warning the full body mild zapping he associated with the game starting up hit him. Like one of Pavlov’s dogs hearing the dinner bell, he mentally prepared for the game to start playing. His view screens activated and the empty tent was briefly shown before switching to a first person view of the game starting up.

He immediately noticed the main character looked much more like the game he had seen played all day Sunday. The most obvious difference was the lack of an erect penis being used as a weapon in this version. The game started and Phil saw the old familiar insectoid robot monsters he remembered from the first level.

Like a pair of comfortable shoes Phil’s mind slipped easily into the familiar environment. Idly he wondered who was playing, but that thought was soon lost in the game play as his body and mind reacted to the stimulation provided. There seemed to be some minor differences in this game version, it was a subtle difference in the triggers and Phil didn’t even notice it at a conscious level. On any given level after all there was so much shooting and return fire it was hard to tell exactly what was triggering which response. Only when the player reached a boss battle level and it was 1 on 1 was it easier to tell what specific attack triggered which specific stimulus. Phil was only being negatively stimulated by attacks on his robot body, while successful attacks against opponents got positive and pleasurable stimulation.

Phil mentally relaxed as the familiarity lulled him into enjoying the ride and the anticipated rewards.

#### Meanwhile back in the real world

Paula turned her laptop to show Maggie Phil’s monitoring information, then commented, “Game restarted, Brain in the Box autoplay mode, original programming as designed by the consultants engaged.”

“Make it so, Number One,” Maggie pointed at the laptop with two fingers.

“Warp drives engaged,” Paula joked back, happy that Maggie’s mood had improved.

Maggie asked, “Seriously, does everything look normal?”

“I am also monitoring what Phil sees and hears on this screen.” Paula turned a second laptop towards Maggie so she could see it also. “Also I’ve set alerts to trigger if anyone even attempts to access the Brain in the Box or change any of the programs.”

“Very thorough,” Maggie complimented her.

“A little locking the barn after the horse got out,” Paula said wryly.

Maggie hugged Paula. “You had no reason to suspect George and his pet IT guy would hack into the system.”

Paula paused, then said, “I’m still not even sure how they got in.”

“Security is always reactive,” Maggie reassured her. “You discovered the issue quickly and stomped on it.”

Paula nodded. “I was so scared Maggie.”

“You handled it,” Maggie smiled as she replied.

“I was scared you’d hate me,” Paula said softly. “Or that Phil would be hurt somehow and he’d hate me.”

Maggie looked into Paula’s eyes. “You know we both love you, right?”

Paula nodded, her eyes wet with unshed tears. “I love you too, that’s why it was so scary. I wouldn’t want to lose what we all have together.”

Maggie gave Paula a very tight hug. “Oh sweetheart, we aren’t going anywhere.”

Paula smiled, wiped her eyes and gave a little sniffle.

“Well Phil can’t go anywhere.” She chuckled at her small joke.

“Thanks to you!” Maggie laughed. “Can’t move a muscle.”

Paula nodded. But of course that was part of the guilt she was feeling, it was her device and her designs that had made Phil helpless and vulnerable to George’s sabotage. She vowed to build more security and even more monitoring into any future projects. It was a lesson she promised to never forget.

Paula startled suddenly as Maggie put her hand on her arm and said, “You okay, you were like a million miles away just then.”

“Sorry,” Paula replied. “Just thinking of the next project.”

Maggie chuckled. “Already? We haven’t even let Phil out of the current one and he still has a weekend of Robot duty ahead of him.”

Paula nodded. “True. But since I’ve already printed out the new and improved robot suit for him to wear next weekend there’s not too much for me to do right now.”

“What about those booth babe matching robot suits?” Magie asked. “You still have to print those, right?”

“I’ve already programmed the designs into the computer, the only thing I need now is the internal dimensions.” Paula explained to her.

Maggie commented, “So once they’ve been scanned you just set the internal dimensions to match their bodies and print out the robot costume shells.”

“Exactly,” Paula agreed. “Even though their internal dimensions will vary, the external dimensions will be the same. Like Phil in the David statue. In this case the booth babes will look exactly alike from the outside.”

Maggie smiled a wicked smile. “I wonder if they know about the special features you built in at Mr Barclay’s request?”

Paula frowned slightly. “I got the distinct impression Mr Barclay was uncomfortable making that request. Almost as if it was someone else's idea and he was just passing it along.”

“Well, we can always confirm when they show up for their fittings.” Maggie was still smiling. “It’s not like we can force them into the costumes.”

“Do you suppose it was Mrs Cart…I mean Helen?” Paula asked Maggie suddenly as the idea hit her.

“Well, additional female booth babes were never part of the original plan,” Maggie mused out loud. “Just Phil wandering around and then helpless all week.”

Paula nodded in agreement. “Having more booth babes, especially ‘Sexy Robot’ booth babes makes sense.”

“But making them interactive with Phil and each other is a new twist, that’s for sure.” Maggie expounded on the concept, “I like it, and I’m sure Phil will enjoy it too. But I do wonder who’s idea it was.”

Paula turned her attention back to monitoring Phil and the game status. “Looks like a potential orgasm ahead for Phil already.”

Maggie commented, “That seems quick, although he was teased a lot this morning.”

“It might just be edging him,” Paula remarked. “We’ll know after this level clears and the boss battle starts.”

Both of them watched the game play on one screen while keeping an eye on the biomonitoring laptop.

Magie commented, “If I’m reading this right, it appears that the brian in the box backed off on the stimulation?”

“Yes, it must have noticed Phil was approaching the point of no return too,” Paula nodded agreement. “So it’s under orders to edge him not to finish him.”

“Fascinating, I wonder what Phil is thinking about all this?” Maggie wondered out loud.

Paula spoke up, “I just wonder how long the Brain in the Box can balance him on the edge?”

#### The windmills of the mind

As Maggie and Paula mused about Phil’s condition, Phil’s mind was floating inside a video game while his body was being manipulated by a device without pity and only one current command, “Keep the subject stimulated but not enough to orgasm, until we order it.”

Phil noted a certain amount of mental detachment happening, he had no control over his environment at all. Physically he was unable to move, mentally he had no input over the game play he was watching. It was like he was a passenger in a car someone else was driving.

What Phil did not realize was he was already being programmed, the Psychology Consultant’s work was truly subliminal, unlike George's hammer approach. The Consultants had programmed the game to take it in steps, first programming Phil to separate his consciousness from his body. Then get his active mind to think of himself as a robot, while his subconscious mind was a passenger along for the ride. There were many small steps in between these goals, each step reinforced by the bondage device rewarding his body positively or negatively, slowly guiding him to the intended goal.

The Consultants had a slightly compressed timeline, having lost half of Monday due to the sabotage. But they had always padded the required time line anyway. Most of the final eight hours on Friday had originally been earmarked as reinforcing and cross checking the results of the programming. They could either cut some of the redundant cross checking or just keep Phil awake a little longer Friday night.

Since the Consultants were being granted live feeds, to what Phil was watching and to all the biomonitoring information to judge his reactions, the decision was made to potentially modify the game play after hours during Phil’s rest period at night. Then have Paula upload the updated files to the Brain in the Box every morning. This would allow the programming to respond to any new information quickly and make the programming all the more effective.

From Phil’s point of view he was watching a video game unfold in front of his eyes, while his body was constantly being stimulated in either positive or negative ways. It was no longer an x-rated disjointed mess, it now had a theme and an understandable plot. Phil’s body manufactured dopamine, serotonin, endorphins, and oxytocin, while his brain floated through the game play.

He spent hours watching the game being played, each time a little different, each time the character made it a little further into the game's storyline. Each play through cementing Phil closer and closer to identifying with the cyborg character. Sometime late Monday the character reached the tenth level boss, Phil was so deeply invested and enmeshed in the game he barely registered the fact that this was the highest level so far.

Behind this boss character, on the screen was a fair maiden chained to the wall, yelling “save me hero!”

When the boss was just on the edge of losing , the Brain in the Box had also brought Phil to the edge of an orgasm. As the final blow was struck, the Fair Maiden (did she look a little like Maggie?) said in a commanding voice “Come for me Hero!” The Brain in the Box finally allowed Phil his long delayed orgasm as his reward for defeating the monster. If the Fair Maiden sounded amazingly like Maggie commanding Phil to cum, well Phil would be forgiven for not noticing after a very long day.

#### Tuesday Morning.

Paula downloaded the updated game files from the Consultants through a secured FTP site. Then uploaded them to the Brain in the Box controlling Phil’s entire world. She reset her alerts and triggers to safeguard everything, then gave Phil a minor zap over his left nipple, not enough to sting but enough to wake him up.

She spoke into his ears, “Good Morning Phil, it’s Tuesday and time to wake up.”

She was watching his brain wave activity as he stirred awake. “Time for your morning ablutions.”

Paula chuckled to herself, “ablutions” certainly sounded more refined than *“I’m forcing you to have an enema and applying suction to your penis so you can go pee.”*

But that is exactly what Paula did, she set the cock sleeve to suction and filled Phil’s butt with water and then released it. Considering Phil was living on water and a vitamin paste developed by the Army as emergency rations, she didn’t expect him to produce much waste if any.

“You have a busy morning ahead of watching game play, with a break mid-day for a movie,” Paula told Phil. She didn’t tell him it would be a porno movie, she would let him be surprised.

Paula thought to herself *“One good thing that came out of George’s sabotage was the consultants realized that Phil needed a break in the programming, he couldn’t just watch the game being played for 8 straight hours without getting bored. Also the Consultants have rigged stimulation tied to the in movie events, so that was a whole new vector for subtle or not so subtle programming.”*

Out loud to Phil she said, “Only four days till we open the tent up to the public again.” She noted with interest some reactions on his brain wave monitors. Part of the agreement with the consultants to more closely monitor Phil was they were being fed everything, including Paula talking to Phil, what was said and how he reacted to it. There was a little lag as she was sending the signal through an IP randomizer before it went to the consultants.

But soon after her comment she received a text from the Consultants.

“Tell Subject-P, we are extending the experiment indefinitely,” the text said.

Paula frowned, but had agreed to follow the Consultant's prompts, she shrugged and then spoke into the app on her phone to Phil.

“Good News!” Paula said in her brightest bubbly voice. “Instead of having to roam around the Con in your robot costume, you’ll spend all weekend inside the throne. Then when it closes, be put on display in the Fantastic Plastics lobby!”

Paula couldn’t help but notice Phil’s brain wave monitors lighting up in bright colors. “Maggie and I can visit you all the time, empty your waste tanks, refill the water and ration supply tanks at night.”

“You know how much it turns Maggie on, having you trapped and helpless.” *In for a penny in for a pound*, she thought to herself, then out loud added. “I’m sure we can set up a webcam and let you watch us pleasuring each other while you sit there, helplessly watching and listening.”

“Maybe if you are especially good, we’ll tell the throne to make you cum when we do,” Paula let her voice drop in tone and added sexiness.

Shrugging, she put her phone app on mute and turned off the devices servicing Phil’s bodily needs. But her phone buzzed again with an incoming text, from the Consultants.

“Excellent work, Subject-P reacted as expected.” The Text ended. “Activate pre-programmed run-through for the morning activities, we’ll be in touch soon.”

Paula gave the command to the Brain in the Box to start the day's scheduled events and idly wonder what that had been all about. Obviously pushing Phil’s buttons to gather information, but what exactly did the Consultants learn from that exchange?

#### Tuesday Morning inside.

Phil was awakened by a mild zapping of his left nipple, his body still trying to move and his hand attempted to rub the place that was zapped. Of course failing utterly as the strong plastic shell still had him completely encased and helpless. Phil heard his earplugs activate and Paula’s voice filled his head.

Paula was warning him to be ready to pee and poop with machine assistance. Then she mentioned the day's schedule, more video game walkthroughs followed by a movie of some kind. Phil idly hoped he wouldn’t be kept edged all day, the first time the throne had milked him for every drop he could produce, the next time it seemed determined to build up one massive one at the end of the day. When he got out of this he’d let the girls know there were settings in between, milked till he was dry and edged till he couldn’t hold it any longer. Maybe an AM and a PM orgasm?

Phil’s mind had been wandering and he missed what Paula was saying. Something about not having to wear the robot costume this upcoming weekend? Because they were keeping him sealed inside the throne all Convention?! Wait, and ship him back to Fantastic Plastics as a permanent display?!?! Phil’s heart raced, his adrenal glands gave him a boost, even though it was no good he could feel his muscles tensing, trying desperately to escape the plastic prison he was trapped inside of.

Wait, Paula was saying something else, setting up a webcam and forcing him to watch Maggie and Paula have sex and triggering him remotely to cum at the same time?!

Phil whimpered and moaned around the gag in his mouth, if he ever got out of this he’d never set foot inside one of these devices again he vowed to himself.

Just then the full body tingle marking the start of a new game being played hit him. As expected the monitors activated with a view of the tent then switched to the video game. Phil got ready for a long day of tingles, zaps from pleasant to painful, hot and cold air, cock milking and everything else the device could do to him. Phil’s brain slipped into autopilot mode and he could feel his heart rate slowing down and his body relaxing as the familiar scenes played out in front of his eyes.

He’d worry about Paula’s news later, right now it was robot battle time.

#### Paula working in the lab

Paula kept one eye on the various screens monitoring Phil off and on, but she did also have some work to do. Maggie had her own work this morning and couldn’t visit until later in the day to help her monitor and torment Phil.

So Paula called up the Robot Booth Babe costume schematics on her main workstation that sent print commands to the prototyping 3-D printer. It was a tricky design involving multiple types of plastics. They were combining hard plastic areas mixed with the silicon infused plastics to give the suits flexibility at the joints. Paula was reminded of the Japanese artist Sorayama and his robotic women artwork. The design had maximized the hard plastic areas and they’d be using a plastic that printed out with a shiny chrome like finish. The flexible plastic areas would be black in color. The rendered design on her screen was impressive, the booth babes would definitely appear robotic in nature.

Paula had designed the suits as a bottom pair of “chaps” with boot covers to fit over sneakers, the girls would have to pull them on and then put their sneakers back on. Of course, part of the reason for that design was the double dildoes that were built into a front hip plate and back butt plate. Where normally Paula designed Phil’s containment to finish up with a chest and back plate that effectively locked all the layers in place, for the ladies' costumes the hip and butt plates would be the last attached. This would allow them to remove them for bio breaks as needed, without removing the rest of the costume.

Their heads would be covered by a two-piece helmet and front face plate with a built-in voice changer so they’d sound alike. Their upper torso’s were highly stylized and well endowed chrome plated breasts, with a chrome plated back piece. This is where most of the electronics were hidden for the game they’d be playing. The entire back piece was a sandwich with a gel battery pack in between the layers to power the suits functions. Even then they’d probably need to plug in and top off the charge during their lunch hour.

The entire torso was covered in laser sensors like the laser tag games. Both of the robot women and Phil in his cyborg suit would have laser pistols and be able to shoot each other as they walked through the convention on the weekend. Not only would this score the players points, but in the case of Phil’s suit as he scored points on the girls his cock milker would increase in speed and vibration. As they scored points on Phil or each other, their personal vibrators would activate. Of course being “shot” by your opponents could also activate more intimate zapping of a less pleasurable nature. Going back to the tent reset all devices to “zero” and deactivated the laser pistols and sensors, effectively the tent was “off limits” for game play. It did not change the overall scores of the players.

There would be an overall winner at the end of the weekend and a small ceremony in the tent thirty minutes before closing. In addition to the Robot Booth Babes and Cyborg Phil playing the game outside the Fantastic Plastic’s tent in the main Convention center, there would be a large monitor installed in the tent showing the player positions in relation to each other and overlaid on a map of the vendors. Fans of the players could influence events in the field, temporarily deactivating weapons, or causing the joints in the suits to resist moving, by purchasing tickets and spending them in the tent. The ticket purchase price would go to a local charity supporting STEM programs in schools. In addition supporters who did not want to spend money could post pics of the players and their costumes on social media, hashtag FantasticPlastics, hashtag ComiConRobotBattle, and an algorithm would compute how many views and likes the pictures got and award points to the team the person posting supported.

Paula suspected that the Robot Booth Babe costumes alone would triple visits to the Fantastic Plastic website. People wanting to influence the “ComiConRobotBattle” would have to enroll on the website too, so all of this would drive site visitors. You could practically hear the company PR people drooling and marketing was already gearing up a “Custom Costume” website and ordering page. The first two designs for sale, a male cyborg suit and a female robot suit, minus the special internal incentives Paula provided for Phil and the booth babes. Yes they were pricey and it would require a potential wearer to get a full body scan. But for some people it would be a fantasy come true and worth every penny.

Paula rotated and modified the Robot suits to fit the booth babes measurements, their scans had been sent to her via email earlier in the day. Judging just by the numbers on her screen the women were very close in size and shape. Paula would have to make sure the parts and pieces making up the costumes were kept separate and clearly labeled which one was for which woman. Whistling to herself she set up a small serial number to be printed inside each piece of the costumes. RBB00001 for the first one and RBB00002 for the second. Satisfied that would prevent future mixups, she entered it as a subroutine for all future prints of her designs.

The morning passed happily as she did what she did best, modifying and designing 3-D models. Idly Paula called up her own 3-D scan, she’d had one made at Maggie’s insistence, “Someday you are going into one of these designs for me to tease and torment you.” The memory of Maggie teasing her with a vibrator while describing how thoroughly locked up she’d make her, still brought a flush to her cheeks and made her squirm in her chair. Paula laid her body dimensions over the robot costume, she was almost six inches taller than the Booth Babes and had a more slender build.

Thinking to herself she started modifying the costume. *“Well first let’s stretch it taller, drop the hips slightly for a longer torso in relation to the height. Yes, that looks good, of course we’ll include the double dildoes and the nipple TENS units.”*

Smiling and losing track of time, she clicked and dragged until there on the screen was her body with a robot suit laid over it and spinning on its axis to give a 3-D view of the costume.

“I approve,” Maggie said suddenly from behind Paula.

Paula shrieked in surprise. “OMG! Maggie, you scared the crap out of me!”

#### A side bet between friends.

Maggie chuckled then commented, “You were in the zone, deep in your designs.”

“How long have you been here?” Paula asked her. “How did you get in?”

“I thought I’d come over on my lunch break.” Maggie smiled and told her, “Mr Barclay had arranged with security to get me a hall pass as a Special Consultant.”

Maggie nodded at the screen and the images on it. “I’ve been here long enough to recognize that’s your body in the robot suit on the screen.”

It was Paula’s turn to nervously chuckle. “Just using myself as a model to modify the designs for when a customer hits us up for a custom printed costume.”

“Strictly a mental exercise then?” Maggie prompted. “Not something you’d want to test drive?”

“Oh no, I could never wear something like that!” Paula protested.

“Want to bet?” Maggie said with a wicked smile on her face.

Paula’s face turned red, but she still asked, “What kind of bet?”

“Well I am your Mistress, but I am a kind one,” Maggie started out.

“Very kind,” Paula agreed.

“So we will leave it to chance,” Maggie continued. “We will each pick a player in the Robot Battle game. If I win I will lock you in a Phil style sarcophagus for the weekend. If you win, you get to wear that robot suit to the next kinky event we attend together.”

Paula swallowed loudly and nodded her head. “Yes Mistress,” she said quietly.

Maggie leaned in closely and whispered in her ear. “But in both cases, win or lose, you will be teased, tormented and made to cum repeatedly.”

Paula said, “Yes Mistress,” in a slightly happier voice and blushed even redder.

“Excellent,” Maggie purred.

“Wait.” Paula looked puzzled for a moment, then said, “There are three players, two women and Phil. What if the person we don’t pick wins?”

Maggie looked thoughtful for a moment, then had an idea. “Okay we’ll agree to only pick one or the other of the robot booth babes. As a kind and benevolent Mistress I’ll let you choose. But if Phil manages to win, you and I will think up a very special reward for our friend and our bet will be null and void.”

“How special?” Paula asked, suddenly intrigued.

“Well I’ve been chatting with our new friend Helen and she has some truly fun ideas for Phil,” Maggie told her. “You and I will pick one of her ideas we think Phil will, not necessarily enjoy, so much as beg for more, after it’s over.”

Paula nodded her head. “That seems fair, what is his punishment if he loses?”

Maggie’s smile got really big. “We let Helen pick.”

Both of them laughed at this idea, Paula telling Maggie, “You truly are evil.”

“And don’t you forget it!” Maggie told Paula.

Once the laughter died down Paula called up the Robot Booth Babe costume 00001 and hit the print button. “It’ll be ready sometime tomorrow morning,” Paula commented as the big printer went through its warm up and calibration process.

Maggie nodded, then asked, “How is Phil doing?”

Paula pointed to the two laptop screens tuned to Phil’s bio-monitoring on one, and his visual / audio feed on the other. “Well right now he is enjoying a mid-day porno, with enhanced stimulation based on what is shown on the screen.”

Maggie watched as a woman dressed as a classic dominatrix, black leather bustier, thigh high heeled boots, and a black domino mask was running an electro stim wand up and down a naked man who was chained spread eagle on a bed. “So right now Phil is…?”

“Yes,” Paula said. “Right now the same parts of Phil’s body are getting electrically stimulated in sync with the action on screen.”

The dominatrix onscreen was fiercely pinching her victims nipples, zapping his most intimate body parts and tormenting him with gusto.

Maggie stared for a little while getting lost in the action, then abruptly asked, “Wait, I thought this was on the schedule for mid day, isn’t this early?”

“The Consultants are going to compress Phil’s timeline,” Paula told her.

“Compress his timeline?” Maggie asked.

“Since we lost half of Monday, they are moving everything up several hours,” Paula explained. “They are going to carve out a few hours out of every night's sleep period and create a fake Saturday effectively.”

“Why are they doing that?” Maggie was intrigued.

“Two reasons they said,” Paula continued. “One to mess with his sense of time. If he thinks it’s Saturday and he’s still stuck inside the throne, then our threat of keeping him in there indefinitely becomes more real.”

“And the second reason?” Maggie asked.

“Secondly, it gives them a bonus day of programming to make up for George’s sabotage.” Paula finished.

Maggie was nodding her head. “Plus cutting back on his sleep period will make him mentally groggy and easier to manipulate.”

Paula nodded, not sure if that was their plan but recognizing Maggie might be right.

“So they are going to send me a script and record me saying ‘Good Morning Phil it’s Wednesday, time to wake up’ and then they can run his bathroom and feeding breaks whenever they want to,” Paula told Maggie.

“Also they had one other request for the both of us,” Paula looked away from Maggie shyly.

“Another request?” Maggie prompted her.

“They’d like us to record our own porno, hitting certain specific activities and using certain key words at critical points,” Paula said while staring at the porno Phil was currently watching.

“So they can test his programming,” Maggie nodded. “See if he can resist cumming until I order him to. It makes sense, how do you feel about it?”

“It might be fun actually,” Paula said quietly.

Maggie laughed, “We’ll make an exhibitionist out of you yet!”

“They assured me in the email that we would fully own the content and there would be no copies made,” Paula told her.

Maggie nodded. “I’d want that in writing before we do anything.”

Paula nodded and said, “Agreed.”

Maggie was still glancing at the porno Phil was being shown, the dominatrix had driven her male victim to a throbbing erection and was slowly mounting it.

“For the porno they want us to record, who will play Phil?” Maggie asked.

Paula smiled, “I had an idea for that, we have Phil’s complete body scans, I can print out a silicon copy of Phil.”

Maggie laughed, “A plastic Phil?”

“Exactly,” Paula smiled in return. “Plus it’ll be a blank figure, it’ll be easier for Phil to imagine it’s himself.”

“I love it!” Maggie told her. “Brilliant idea, Paula.”

Paula nodded then continued, “Two robot booth babe costumes, a fake Phil and find time to film a porno, all before Thursday.”

“Real Thursday, not Phil’s Thursday,” she added. “Since his Thursday will be Wednesday afternoon roughly.”

Maggie asked, “Can you get it all done in time?”

“If I print the blank Phil next, we can film the porno while the second booth babe costume is printing,” Paula explained.

Both women were watching the porno as the woman rode her male partner to a screaming climax. Paula pointed to Phil’s biomonitoring and brain waves. “Looks like the consultants rewarded Phil at the same time.”

“Lucky Phil,” Maggie said. “How about we meet later at my place tonight to discuss the porno they want us to make and get in some practice?”

Paula smiled, “Yes Maggie.”

“I think I might even have that outfit,” Maggie pointed at the Dominatrix on the screen who was unlocking her partner from the bed. “Oh and those cuffs.”

“Lucky Paula,” Paula said, smiling as she imagined Maggie in that outfit dominating her later tonight.

Maggie had to get back to her work after lunch and Paula had a busy afternoon pre-recording Phil’s night time feeding and morning wake ups. Each one with a little different phrasing and some added comments here and there. Bundled them up into an email to send to the consultants so they could start manipulating Phil’s reality.

Since she was still a little paranoid and protective of Phil, due to George’s sabotage, she’d still need to download the modified files from the Consultants and upload them to Phil’s control box every “night”. The definition of Night being a moving target for Phil. Plus she still had her alarms set for any odd activity from Phil’s monitors and she also planned to at least check on what was being shown to Phil randomly and as often as she could. This week was going to be a lot of work and sleepless nights, but if it worked as expected, the results would be worth the effort.

Once Maggie had safely left for the afternoon and after locking the door to her lab, she sat back down at her main design console and called up the Robot Babe costume she had modified to fit her body. She imagined Maggie helping her put it on and then “testing” the remote control dildoes and some of the other features. Of course her costume wouldn’t need the laser sensors to trigger the internal stimulation, she’d have them all controlled on an app for Maggie to use. Paula the sex Robot, controlled by Maggie, forced to obey or suffer the torments and teasing of the suit. Paula’s vivid imagination had her squirming in her office chair and her pussy getting wet.

Paula shook her head, and closed the files on her screen. As tempting as that was, the alternative if she lost her little bet with Maggie was something Paula both desired and dreaded. Ever since that night they had watched Phil locked in the golden sarcophagus at the Museum and Maggie had teased her about locking her inside her own sarcophagus while tormenting her with a vibrator, Paula had had a recurring dream about being inside one designed to fit her. But Paula wondered if she could do it, if she could let herself be locked inside such a device. The complete and utter lack of control, her body helpless but still accessible to Maggie to tease and torment remotely. No way of begging her to stop, just ultimate and complete control given to someone else.

It preyed on her mind, she wasn’t sure she wanted to do it, but at the same time she couldn’t stop thinking about it. Sometimes in her dreams she watched as the sarcophagus lid slowly shut, looking up at Maggie’s smiling face and feeling a warm glow. Other times the lid started to close and she panicked and threw her arms up to stop it, Maggie’s disappointed face looking down at her. In reality she knew Maggie would never force her to do anything she truly did not want to do, but this was apparently at the edge of her limits. So was she wanting Maggie to push her past that limit, or support her decision to back out?

Their little bet on the Robot Booth Babes Battle at ComiCon event was a way to put the decision to semi-random chance. Either she’d wind up Maggie’s Robot or be trapped in a sex sarcophagus, the bet was made, her fate sealed.

#### Mandy and Brandi

Paula met the two young ladies in the lobby of Fantastic Plastics the Friday before ComiCon was set to open up to the public again. They were there to try on the Robot Booth Babe suits and make sure all the systems were functioning as designed.

“Hi I’m Paula,” she greeted them in the lobby. “You must be Helen’s friends?”

“Yes, I’m Mandy,” A perky blond with a gymnasts figure hopped up from the seat she had taken to introduce herself once Paula was close.

Her friend, a brunette with a remarkably similar size and body type, stayed seated, but gave a friendly wave “...and I’m Brandi, yes we are Helen’s friends.”

Paula could almost hear quote marks around the word “friends” the way Brandi had said it. She smiled at them both and after waiting for Brandi to slowly stand, guided them back to her lab.

She unlocked the door and led them inside, locking it behind her. Ever since Maggie had snuck up on her the other day she’d gotten into the habit of locking the doors even while she was inside. Plus she assumed Mandy and Brandi would want some privacy to try on the suits.

Paula seated them on her old ratty lab sofa and asked, “So how much has Helen explained to you?”

Mandy spoke up, “There’s a sexy robot costume we get to wear and wander around ComiCon in.”

Brandi added as Mandy paused, “We were also told that the costumes would have some internal options to make wearing them interesting for us.”

Paula nodded along with both their statements. “Absolutely correct as far as it goes. But there’s a lot more detail and some things you‘ll need to know.”

Paula turned and fetched a hand cart with a tallish object covered in a shiny sheet of fabric and wheeled it in front of the ladies on the sofa. “Allow me to introduce the Robot Booth Babe!” she said with a flourish and pulled the covering off the object.

Paula had assembled one of the Robot Costumes around an armature and stood it upright on the cart. It gleamed under the fluorescent lights of the lab. Mostly it appeared to be highly polished “chrome” with shiny black “rubber” joints peeking between the chrome pieces. It was a full body coverage suit, including a helmet and face plate. It had obviously been modeled around the female form, with exaggerated breasts and enhanced butt plates.

Mandy immediately bounced off the sofa to look closer at it. A steady stream of “oohs’ and “ahhs” were heard as she circled it several times.

“Wow!” she finally exclaimed to Paula. “It looks like a movie prop, it’s amazing!”

Brandi spoke up, “we had talked about it on the way over, and thought it was going to be some sort of spandex outfit, with some plastic bits added on. This is much more elaborate than I was expecting.”

Mandy agreed, “Yes, we never expected this kind of quality for a walk around costume.”

Paula pointed out some of the features, “It’s got a built in voice changer so you’ll sound alike. The external dimensions of the costume are identical to each other, so you’ll look exactly alike from the outside. All around the chest and back plates are sensors that react to a light pistol both of you will have to “shoot” each other with. Shooting your target rewards you, being shot is negatively incentivized.”

“Negatively incentivized?” Brandi asked.

“Zapped, there are electrodes built into the armor over sensitive areas. Repeated hits could become quite painful after a while. Scoring points on your opponent of course will increase your rewards. Returning to the booth will zero out both rewards and punishments.”

“Sounds like fun!” Mandy responded with a big smile on her face. “We get to wear cool costumes and shoot at each other to score rewards.”

Paula nodded at Mandy’s enthusiastic response.

Brandi spoke up, “What’s the catch?”

“Well there is a third player in the game,” Paula replied. “Phil, wearing his own sensor covered robot suit will be hunting both of you. Shooting him will add to your score but not trigger rewards for you. If he shoots you, it will trigger your punishments.”

”There is also a wild card factor, based on social media interaction,” Paula continued. “At the end of the day we will tally up who had the most media exposure #robotbabes, #fantasticplastics, #robotbattleComiCon, the most likes, the most shares, and award them as points to your total and an overall winner based on points will be declared Sunday at the end of day.”

“I understand you have a bet with Helen on the overall winner?” Paula asked.

“We do,” Brandi replied and did not elaborate.

Mandy spoke up, “Don’t mind her, she doesn’t want to jinx it by talking about it.”

Paula nodded and added, “I too have a bet with a friend regarding the outcome of this event.”

“But that’s not important right now, let’s see how accurate those scans were and get you into the suits!” Paula started disassembling the display and breaking the costume down into its various parts.

Mandy and Brandi looked at each other as they began to realize how elaborate the suit was and just how involved this “booth babe” event was going to be. Helen had not actually lied to them, but she had certainly not explained things thoroughly.

#### Phil’s Time Inside

The week passed in a blur for Phil, unchanging in some ways, infinite variety in other ways. Each morning Paula would greet him then activate the plumbing. Then the game would play out on his screens, slightly different paths, slightly different results, but in the end the same results, a very horny and frustrated Phil. Very randomly the game would reward him with an orgasm, or he’d have to wait for the porno that was shown to him after the game play every day. Some days, he’d get only one orgasm, some days two. But the week seemed to be flying by for Phil. Time had really lost all meaning for him, if Paula didn’t announce the day of the week every morning and “feed” him every night, he’d have been completely lost.

“Good morning Phil, happy Saturday of ComiCon! I have no doubt you’ll be getting a steady stream of visitors today,” said Paula’s voice in his ears. “Plus we have a very special movie for you to watch after your day of teasing and tormenting at the hands of random visitors.”

Phil could hardly believe it, when he had volunteered to be a booth babe he had assumed he would be mobile, in a costume sure, but able to walk around like he did the first day of the Convention. But apparently Paula had been serious about the change of plans, leaving him sealed inside this display indefinitely. A remote controlled bondage object, an experiment in endless servitude to the devices programmed to stimulate and torment him.

Phil shook his head mentally and talked himself off the panic ledge.*“Okay Phil, there is no way Maggie will leave you in here indefinitely. Yes, she gets horny as hell thinking about you in there. But it’s the contrast, it’s the sealing you inside that she loves, not you just sitting in the device endlessly. She’ll let you out just so she can lock you back up again later.”*

*“Until then, enjoy the ride Phil.”* Wait, did I think that? Was that one of the many voices inside my head? *“Get it together Phil.”*  How many of me are in here?

Phil felt the familiar all over body tingle of the game starting up, his viewpoint switched to the tent view for just a moment and he saw several costumed people clustered around the game console. The quick glimpse he had indicated the tent was already well attended by Convention goers.

What Phil didn’t know was the video feed was actually recorded files from the previous Sunday. The consultants had spliced together enough footage of attendee game play mixed with computer generated walk throughs of the video game to keep Phil occupied for what he would think was a full Saturday of Convention goers.

Phil spent “Saturday” of the Comic Convention alternating between wondering if he would ever escape his current plastic prison and being edged expertly by a computer that had spent all week learning Phil’s body and mind. What images on the screen triggered what mental reactions, what physical stimulation in the device's large arsenal of tools did what to Phil’s body. With the expert psychological modifications to the programming every night and the “Brain in the Box" and its ability to learn from the direct bio-feedback built into it, Phil was being manipulated in ways he noticed and in ways he had no idea of.

But the ultimate test lay ahead of Phil, for what he was led to believe was Saturday night of the convention. Phil sucked down his nightly ration paste while listening to Paula’s voice explaining how he was in for a “special treat tonight”.

Paula purred in Phil’s ears, “As a reward for spending an entire week locked inside your new home Phil, Maggie and I recorded this just for you.”

Phil watched in amazement as the recording started with Maggie and Paula in what appeared to be Maggie’s bedroom. Maggie was dressed in a Dom outfit, shiny leather thigh high boots, underbust corset leaving her breasts exposed, a leather domino mask hid her identity. Paula was naked, a red leather hood laced tightly over her face, an obvious red ball gag strapped over it, red leather ankle and wrists cuffs with small padlocks attached and naked everywhere else. They were lounging on Maggie’s bed, on top of the blankets and it appeared there was someone under the covers in between them?

Maggie addressed the camera “Miss us Phil? Enjoying your computer controlled orgasms? Ready to spend the rest of your life locked inside there, forced to orgasm by remote control?”

Paula made some sort of “mph?” sound around the gag.

Maggie continued, “Paula says she misses you Phil. As a matter of fact Paula missed you so much, she made us a new and improved Phil!”

Maggie and Paula pulled the blankets down and exposed the object between them. Phil mentally gasped, it was a full size model of himself.

“As you can see Phil,” Maggie explained, “Paula had all those scans of your body and cock, so she 3-D printed you using the silicon-plastic around a more solid armature, plus she included a remote control vibrator mechanism inside your always erect penis.”

Paula crawled onto the Plastic Phil and very slowly mounted it. Phil back in his plastic prison felt her descending on his own cock as she slid onto the fake cock. Somehow they were connected through the wireless? Paula shifted her position and Phil felt it.

Maggie asked Paula, “Ready?”

Paula’s leather hooded head nodded. Maggie held up a remote and pressed several buttons.

Paula moaned, and Phil felt the cock sleeve start vibrating, Paula was rocking her hips in the recording and Phil felt the device squeezing him in response to her movements.

Maggie put down the remote control and reached out to the Plastic Phil’s nipples, she applied some sort of device to both of them and picked up a different remote.

“Now this might sting a little Phil,” she said looking directly into the camera as she pushed some buttons.

TENS pads positioned over his real nipples triggered and zapped him. Phil grunted around his gag. The level was set just past stimulating and just under painful.

Maggie was speaking again, “Normally I wouldn't have used such a high setting, but the computer inside your plastic home assures us from the week of testing, that it’s the perfect level.”

“Now you might be wondering what makes this recording so special?” Maggie was talking to the camera again.

Maggie smiled one of her most wicked smiles, a sight that sent shivers up and down Phil’s spine. Normally he’d only see a smile like that right before she did something new or unexpected to his body.

Maggie, still smiling, told him, “During your week inside your little computer controlled world, the brain in the box has been measuring and testing you physically and mentally Phil. It’s learned so many things, it can make you cum against your will over and over, it can leave you hanging on the edge of cumming for hours. But what you may not have noticed is it’s been subtly programming you to obey my commands.”

Phil watched as Paula rode the plastic Phil to an orgasm. Her moans and obvious enjoyment almost triggered his own orgasm but the computer brain cut off the cock milker in time to stop Phil from cumming.

“For instance Phil, it just denied your satisfaction as Paula came,” Maggie pouted. “So sad for Phil.”

“But some time in the next hour or so of this recording, as Paula and I play with Plastic Phil and each other, I will order you to cum Phil.” Maggie turned her biggest smile back on and stared right into Phil’s eyes through the camera. “You will cum when I order it from now on, you will not cum unless ordered by me. You are my personal sex toy from this day forward Phil. Your body is mine to control.”

“Luckily for you, I’m feeling generous today,” Maggie told him as she guided Paula off the still erect cock of Plastic Phil and mounted it herself. She spoke as if to someone else, “Computer turn on bio-feedback; Robot Phil orgasm-denial until ordered.”

Phil felt Maggie mount his cock virtually and then heard her words about “denial until ordered”.

Phil pondered. *“Could he really have been programmed not to cum until she ordered it? Did Maggie have complete control over his cock from now on?”*

Unbidden and from somewhere deep in his mind a voice sounding rather robotic said, *“This unit will comply with the directive given by the designated owner.”*

*“Unit, designated owner, comply?”* Phil tried to chase down the voice in his head. But his mind did not answer.

But then he felt the cock milker replicating Maggie’s action on his video screens, it felt so good he felt his mind slipping away from the difficult questions and starting to enjoy the physical sensations and stimulation. He saw Maggie pick up the remote control again and felt the vibrations she had triggered in the Plastic Phil’s dildo in his cock milker device. Her riding picked up speed and intensity, he could tell she was close to her own orgasm. Phil felt his own building and then just as suddenly “pause”, for lack of a better word.

An orgasm was 90% physical stimulation, but there was that 10% mental “trigger” to push you over the edge.

Currently Phil’s brain was refusing to pull the trigger.

Phil moaned in frustration as Maggie gasped and moaned on screen, tossing herself around on the Plastic Phil’s cock in the throes of what appeared to be a massive orgasm. Still Phil’s mind wouldn’t pull the trigger and allow him his own orgasm.

“Gods above, that was good.” Maggie climbed off and turned back to the camera to talk to the real Phil. “I know you didn’t cum Phil. You wanted to, but you didn’t.”

“Paula?” Maggie said away from the camera, “Your turn again.”

Paula, still naked except for the red leather hood and cuffs, but ungagged now, climbed on Plastic Phil’s cock. Again the devices imprisoning the real Phil replicated the sensations for him, letting him feel her riding and squeezing internally. Again Phil was soon ready to cum as she moaned and rode his plastic duplicate.

Phil watched with bated breath as she neared her own orgasm, but Phil was still frustrated by his body. He was hard, he was ragingly erect as the pornos would call it, he knew he was leaking pre-cum by the gallon, he knew it would only take the smallest of triggers to push him over the edge. But his brain, his mind, wouldn’t let it go.

He watched the video feed as Paula’s body shuddered in sweet bliss, her muscles locking up and squeezing Plastic Phil’s cock in the biological need to milk every drop of sperm. He felt the same sensation from the cock milker, but he still couldn’t cum.

Paula was still shuddering from after shocks, still mounted on top of Plastic Phil, when unexpectedly Maggie leaned into view of the camera and said distinctly “Robot Phil, cum for your owner, now!”

Phil felt the mental switch being thrown, he actually pictured it in his mind as a big old fashioned switch in Frankenstein’s lab being thrown, as electricity crackled and his body surged with the go ahead command. It took maybe 2 seconds for his body to process Maggie’s command and trigger his own massive orgasm. He could feel his cock pumping sperm, the cock milker obliged by applying suction, his mind blanked out with the long delayed sensations.

Subjectively time slowed down for Phil, he felt every surge, every pump of fluid, the cock milker feeling like an expert blow job and swallowing every drop of cum. Every pleasure center in his brain lit up like fireworks exploding. It might have been the most intense experience in his life. Every muscle in his body strained against the plastic container he was sealed inside of, it only seemed to add to the intensity of the orgasm.

As he sat there panting around the gag that filled his mouth, he felt time reasserting its normal flow. He wasn’t sure how or when they had programmed him to cum on command, but he had to admit it was amazing.

Suddenly Phil heard that robot voice in his brain again, *“This unit has completed its task as ordered.”*

Phil shuddered with his own aftershocks after his massive orgasm. Everytime Maggie and Paula came up with a new device to lock him in, they somehow managed to raise the level of his body's response.

As one part of his brain promised himself they’d never get him into a new device again, assuming they ever let him out of this one. Another part of his brain wondered what they could do next time to achieve even more impressive results.

Maggie was talking to him through the camera again, “I hope you enjoyed that Phil, I hope you enjoy knowing that I am in complete control of your orgasms from now on. Just like I’m in complete control of your body right now. I have to tell you, keeping you sealed away inside the plastic robot suit on your interactive throne for an entire week has been amazing. The sense of ultimate control has been driving my libido to new heights all week. I’ve been wearing out Paula nearly every night.”

Maggie cupped one of her breasts with a hand and squeezed it, her other hand sliding down her belly and her fingers slipping inside herself.

“I play the recordings we made of Paula and I sealing you inside the golden sarcophagus, the David statue, and the robot throne nearly everyday,” Maggie paused to finger herself and squeeze her own nipple. “Makes me so horny Phil, knowing how much power I have over you. Both physically and mentally. My living, breathing, helpless sex toy.”

“I don’t know how long I’ll keep you in there,” Maggie’s eyes glazed over with lust. “I guess until it doesn’t make me horny any more.” She gasped out, as she fingered herself to an orgasm thinking about Phil sealed away.

The last thing Phil saw for the night was Maggie, pleasuring herself and whispering “Eventually…” before the screens went black.

**ComiCon, let the robogames begin!**
