---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/special/halloween23/perspective.html
subcategory: TG/CD Stories
title: Perspective
authors:
- Tigerstretch
tags:
- F/f
- fpov
- mind-control
- halloween
- costume
- oral
- reluct
- nc
- X
date: 2023-10-30 00:00:00
---

"Wait… Why are you looking at me like that?"

"…"

What could I answer? We were in the women's locker room after our cheerleader practice, and our top girl took off her top, which allowed me to see her naked chest. Perhaps I was too foolish and thought she would not notice my stare because I was also a pretty girl like her, but that wasn't the case. She saw right through me and realized that my eyes were not just randomly looking at things; I desired her. She was right; I wanted more than just to admire her, but if she did not want the same, all she had to do was to laugh it out and say she wasn't interested.

I would have been happy just to apologize and walk away, not causing her any more discomfort since she wasn't into the female gender. But it didn't happen that way.

Why did she have to be so sensitive about it?

Why did she have to act so entitled?

Why did she have to be such a bitch?

I never wanted to do anything else than love her and respect her choice.

---

Two years later.

My name was Emily, and it was my final year of University, and here, in my little room, I was doing some chemistry work. In front of me, on my desk, there was a beaker full of blue liquid, and at the bottom of it was a crystal that had slowly formed during the past two weeks. I grabbed a pair of long-nose pliers and plunged them into the beaker. Once I captured the crystal with the pointy tool, I slowly pulled it out of the liquid, hoping it wouldn't explode in my face like last time.

No explosion. The success prospect looked a bit more promising this time around. The crystal was blue, and I could visually see the radioactive glow emanating from it. It was nothing dangerous, but it was still intimidating. I placed it on a piece of paper that absorbed the remaining liquid.

And that was the last item I needed for tonight's Halloween party, the one I hadn't been invited to.

Yeah, two years ago, I made the mistake of looking at the wrong girl because I was attracted to her, and in return, she destroyed me. It was something I didn't know before staring at her; she was the richest person at the University, and her parents had a LOT of leverage with this institution. So she slapped a sexual harassment complaint on me, had me kicked out of the cheerleader team. She also ensured that I couldn't join any other clubs and spread nasty rumors about me so I would never be able to make friends. It was a miracle that she didn't get me expelled. Perhaps it was just to enjoy seeing me suffer and have opportunities to insult me in the hallway. She made me miserable for the past two years.

Since I was banned from enjoying my university experience and having any social life, though, I was able to focus on my chemistry studies. I was simply the best at it and had a lot of spare time to deepen that knowledge during my infinite spare time. I became brilliant and talented in that field. This could have been seen as a good or bad thing depending on who wished to state their opinion on the matter.

But there was a bright twist to that story of mine. I knew I was a good person who had not done anything wrong outside of dreaming of dating a pretty girl like her. I didn't deserve this treatment from her. I also knew it wasn't really her fault and that she had overreacted just because of the way she had been educated and crafted into yielding absolute power over people. I called that bad parenting. For that reason, I wasn't mad at her in the slightest. It took me a while to realize and accept it, but I was still madly in love with her. Every time I watched her from afar, she was still this charming and radiant young woman with a goddess body. She was smart and playful, even if misguided, and I still wanted her to become mine.

This crystal I had just finished fabricating would be my opportunity to fix things between the two of us. Now dry, I placed it inside a small glass heart-shaped medallion attached to a small black leather collar. I closed the medallion, tied the collar around my neck, and looked at myself in the mirror.

"Oh, so pretty."

Did I say that just because of the glowing blue medallion, or was it the entirety of my Halloween costume that had provoked this reaction? I was indeed one sexy chick tonight, thanks to my outfit choice.

I had two small curved horns on top of my head, a punky black hair, and some contact lenses, making my eyes look burning red. My pretty collar was important, of course, but if I looked down at my body, that black leather corset pushing my breasts up, and these little leather daisy shorts were just so sexy. I even had this pointy tail dangly from my rear. People could say whatever they wanted, but thigh-high boots were incredibly attractive, and opera gloves were a must. Seeing too much of my pale skin would have killed the seducing look I was looking for. Did I dress up as a devil or a succubus? I wasn't too sure. All I knew was that I had dressed up into something I liked today.

So yeah, I was about to go to a Halloween party dressed up like this and fix my relationship with my loved nemesis.

"Jessica, I'm coming. Haha."

---

I walked out of my room and locked the door. Since I was dressed very provocatively, it didn't take long for the people in the hallway to stare at me, shocked by what they saw. Of course, everybody knew me and knew that they had to steer away from me despite how attractive I could be, thanks to Jessica's ruining my reputation on a global scale. But tonight, it would be a bit different, and, actually, it was time to run a little test.

I began walking in the corridor, trying to identify some playful candidates. I almost immediately recognized a girl who was on the cheerleader team. She was such a nice person, and her boyfriend, standing next to her, was also a good student. I had no fit with these people, but they would be fun to play with.

I touched my homemade glowing medallion with my fingers and looked at the male intently.

"Did you know you REALLY want to eat your girlfriend's pussy right now?"

I didn't even have time to doubt the power of my medallion before the guy went down on his knees, slid his hands under the girl's short skirt, and pulled her panties down to her ankle. When he attempted to plant his mouth on her crotch, she tried to push him away, possibly because doing that in public was a bit awkward.

"EEEEK! JOHN! WHAT ARE YOU DOING!?"

He wasn't going to reply to her, so I did.

"And you, you are so turned on by this. You don't want him to stop."

"…"

Her cheeks immediately turned all red when she lifted her skirt up to assist him. His tongue began traveling between the wet lips of her shaved pussy, and she let out some cute moans. I smiled at their newly found happiness and walked past them, uninterested in straight relationships. It was just a test, after all.

"Well, that's promising."

I didn't have to wait long after I called the elevator for the doors to open. I walked in and turned around to look at the cute couple again. And before the door closed, I decided to give them some extra excitement by addressing the few other shocked people in the hallway.

"Oh! You guys. Make sure you record them and post that stuff online. I'm sure a lot of people would love to watch it."

As the elevator doors closed, I just had time to see them pulling out their phones to capture the lovely moment.

---

It didn't take long for my Zuber ride to arrive. Since it was a woman driver, I decided to sit in the front seat to further test my medallion's power. The Halloween party was at Jessica's personal house outside the University campus, so it was a good fifteen minutes away by car. I had some time to kill.

"Let me touch you."

My unknown driver was pretty cute. Probably a student driving Zuber to finance her studies. I ran my gloved hands in her hair and approached my face to her cheek. I gave her a little lick, which confused her.

"You love it when I touch you, right?"

"Yes."

The power of my crystal so easily bent her mind. Who knew a bit of chemistry studies and some creativity could lead to something so useful? No more conflicts, just fun.

With a big tug, I ripped her shirt open, sending the little plastic buttons flying here and there inside her car. I then grabbed one of her boobs and pulled it out of her bra.

"Oooh, so cute. How can I not chew on it? Haha."

I loved women's breasts. Using my teeth, I gave her nipple a good bite, one that she would probably still feel tomorrow. I wanted to see if some extra sensation would pull her out of her obedience, so I pulled harder until she yelped. She felt pain, but the moan she let out after my innocent attack meant she didn't even come close to snapping out of it. She deserved me to be more gentle.

For the rest of the ride, I had fun with her. I licked her boobs, fingered her, caressed her entire body as much as I could, and when we finally arrived, I even took the liberty to make out with her for a few more minutes. After all, I needed to warm up before taking care of Jessica.

As a parting gift for her helpful service, I asked her to have fun until the end of her shift.

"Make sure to masturbate until you get home, right?"

"Yes, I would love to."

"Good girl. Cum a lot, okay?"

"Yes. Thank you."

So obedient. She deserved that pleasure. It was undoubtedly the best Zuber ride I ever had.

Back to business, though. I was now standing in front of a big house, Jessica's house, and there was some action in there. My understanding was that it was a big party and she had invited close to a hundred people to it. Through the large windows, I could see everybody wearing a costume, dancing, laughing, and drinking. See, that was why I still loved Jessica despite having treated me like shit just because I had a crush on her. She was not a bad person and knew how to create an ambiance that made people super happy. How could I not acknowledge that and praise her for it? Rejecting me with such violence was, in my opinion, just a misguided decision, an honest mistake.

The sexy me walked to the front door, and two security guards politely stopped me and asked for my invitation card. Obviously, Jessica was the daughter of an influential family, and they couldn't just allow anybody to approach her home; another smart move from her. But in any case, I knew I was getting in despite not having been invited.

"You are going to let me in, thank you."

"You are welcome."

Showing no resistance, they opened the door, and I trotted in. Life was so much better when we didn't have to argue.

Wow. That was one big party. Not only were people having a blast, but the place was so well decorated. Jessica had shown her ability to throw a party. There was everything from a bartender to strobe lights. People were dancing, chatting, and drinking, and couples, new and old, were cuddling. Many looked at me, interested in my overly erotic outfit. It felt good to grab some positive attention for once.

But it didn't take long for people to quiet down. They gradually recognized me as the cursed student who shouldn't be anywhere near anybody. Knowing me or communicating with me would reward them with the pleasure of being socially executed by Jessica as I did. So, it was an understatement to say that my presence had killed the mood.

And then…

"And what the fuck are you doing here!? And why are you dressed like a slut?"

"Oh, Jessica. Hi!"

My heart skipped a beat, and a genuine smile appeared on my face. She was wearing a superheroine costume, one that I couldn't name because I wasn't very interested in these movies. All I knew was that it was super sexy. The last time I saw her this close to me was long ago, and I realized how much I still loved her. I couldn't retain my smile.

"Why are you smiling? OMG! Are you still having a crush on me?"

"Absolutely. You are so pretty."

"Well, You are insane, Emily. I don't know who let you in, but I know who will kick you out. Guys, take the trash out please."

Immediately, a bunch of big guys from the university football team approached me. In awe of her commanding power, I twisted in place and pinched my glowing medallion with my fingers, unable to let go of my happiness.

"Guys, ignore that. Jessica and I are going upstairs to have a chat. You can keep partying, okay?"

"Sure."

"Okay…"

"Yes."

All the vile manliness who had approached me were now returning to their previous business. I had not used my power on Jessica just yet, so her face was stuck between confusion and incomprehension. I knew I would have to force her to accompany me upstairs, so a single word was in order.

"Come."

"Okay."

I grabbed her wrist and led her upstairs under the puzzled gaze of some of her equivalently cute female friends. The cheerleader squad had some nice specimens in it.

Once upstairs, I found the master bedroom, pulled Jessica in, and closed the door. Understandably unsure about what was happening to her, Jessica stepped back and looked at me with some apprehension.

"What… What are we doing here? What are you doing here, Emily?"

"Well, I'm here to claim you as my girlfriend."

"What? You are insane. I told you, I'm not into girls. I have a boyfriend and…"

"Aaaah! It doesn't matter."

"Of course, it matters! Get out of my house right now!"

"No. I'm not going to let you reject me again. You are a good person, and you made a mistake. That's okay. I forgive you."

"…"

As I tried to legit-convince her to date me, I was better with chemistry than words, the door slammed open, and an angry man entered the room. He grabbed me by the arm so hard that it really hurt. I immediately placed my hand on his face and pushed him away with a direct order.

"HEY! Don't touch me!"

"…"

Against his will, his powerful fingers let go of me. I rubbed my arm. This would leave a mark, and I wasn't happy about it. Jessica shouldn't be, either. This man was her supposedly boyfriend. If he had the nerve to brutalize me like this, it was only a matter of time before he would do the same to Jessica, and that was not okay.

"Jessica, tell your boyfriend that this kind of violence is unacceptable and that you are breaking up with him."

"Steve, this kind of violence is unacceptable. I'm breaking up with you."

"What? Why? What is going on here? Why do you repeat what that psycho said?"

I stepped in front of the guy, close enough to make him step back. He didn't want to touch me again.

"You heard her, Steve. Forget Jessica. Go find another girl to date downstairs. And when you try to sleep with her, your dick won't work."

"O… okay."

He turned around, exited the room, and closed the door behind him. I might have ruined his evening, but that would teach him to get in the way of my love and brutalize me like this.

It was time to return to my business. All this was just confusing Jessica even more. It was better to get straight to the point.

"Jessica. I'll be honest. I love you. I want you to be my girlfriend?"

"… What!? No! I told you. I'm not interested. What is this shit?"

And the door slammed open again. For fuck sake. What was it now? Three girls burst into the room, wearing their little Halloween costumes. They rushed at me in what I supposed was an attempt to rescue Jessica from me. Couldn't they mind their own business? I raised my hand in front of their face.

"STOP! What is your problem?"

They all stopped against their will and started to look at each other. One of them still had the drive to carry her point, though.

"Jessica asked you to leave. Why are you with her in the room?"

"You are very protective. That's a nice quality, but that's between me and her."

"Let her go!"

"Aaaah, you are getting on my nerves. Okay, listen, you three. You are now madly in love with each other. Take off your clothes, get on the bed, and have passionate sex. Okay?"

"Right!"

"Yes!"

"Yes!"

Thanks to my shiny crystal, it was as simple as that. I could do this all day, and I actually began to find it entertaining. Being able to order people around like that after a couple of years of being ignored and rejected was quite relieving. And, to be honest, seeing Jessica's three cute girlfriends taking off their clothes, crawling on the bed, and beginning caressing and kissing each other comforted me in my decision to accept that I was into girls. Seriously, they were all so pretty.

Still, I managed to detach my stare from the sexual trio and returned my eyes to Jessica, who was very confused about why everybody around her acted crazy. At that point, I began to feel a bit bad and thought it would be better to wrap things up. After all, I already knew she wouldn't see the light unless I guided her into it.

"Jessica… Okay, look. I have always been attracted to you."

"…"

"I'm not super happy you ruined my time at the University the way you did, but It's all good. I forgive you for that. We receive the education we receive, after all. It's not really your fault. But now, I want you to love me back and stop this rejection nonsense, okay?."

"O… okay."

"Good. Now, let's go downstairs. You'll apologize for the way you treated me in front of everybody. Then you will admit you are into women only and let everybody know we are a couple. Let's finish with our first kiss, one that everybody will witness."

"I would love that."

"Perfect. Let's go then."

---

*A year later.*

"Emily! It's Halloween again!"

"Yes, Jessica."

"So that means we've been dating for a year. Why do I still love you so much?"

"Haha. I know, right? I love you so much, too."

That was an understatement. Since we cleared things up about our relationship, I never had to use my crystal on her again. I highly doubt I would ever have to in the future. Our love was very solid.

Right now, she was completely naked, wearing this sexy leather harness and sitting on my hips. She was so madly in love with me that she was very receptive to all my ideas. I was a BDSM lover, and she quickly became my willing pet, all that in the name of love. She crawled down on my body and began licking my crotch.

"Mmmm… So good."

So yes, this new relationship couldn't get any better for us, and it comforted me in my idea that what I did to her was right. I was happy, she was happy, so what else could we ask for? Sure, her parents freaked out after hearing about our little stunt during the Halloween party. Jessica had to cut ties with them, but she still had plenty of accumulated money to make us live more than comfortably. I could have used my crystal to make them give us a lot more, but it wouldn't have been ethical. I was just happy that these bad parents were no longer poisoning her mind.

That said, even if I didn't want to use my powers on Jessica anymore, I didn't find the will to destroy it. Instead, I decided only to use it for one more harmless thing. Jessica's three hot friends were now living with us. When the three girls had torrid sex on the bed last year, it really affected me in a good way. That was just too hot to handle.

Since I had already ordered them to be in love with each other, they were more than willing to become sex addicts. They were now living in our house and were exclusively wearing latex French maid uniforms. They were not very useful at cleaning our home, but it was very exciting to see them having sex everywhere all the time. We built them a small bedroom and the basement, so they weren't too disruptive at night. Using the crystal for entertainment purposes was not a big deal if everybody was happy.

So that was about it. I had an honest crush on a girl. Because of that love, I worked super hard to learn how to create the controlling crystal, and I just used it to get what I wanted. It was just a matter of perspective. How different was this from wearing nice clothes to charm a person we were attracted to? Nobody would call that manipulation.

"Aaaah! MMmm…"

Damn… Jessica was so good with her tongue. That was called love.
