---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiessz/tyte_fit.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Tyte Fit
authors:
- Jake
tags:
- MF
- latex
- FM
- latex
- vacbed
- cons
- X
---

This
story is totally fictitious.  Any resemblance of the characters to
actual or real people is coincidental.  If you are one of the characters
in this story or know someone like the characters portrayed in this story...I
want to meet them...or you...or whatever.  As far as I know Tyte-Fit
does not exist.  If it does, consider this to be free advertising. 
This story is about latex fetish and contains adult viewing material. 
If you are offended by sexual situations, please read no further or blame
me not you will.  If you enjoyed The Dark Side of Jenny, or The Adventures
of Latex Suzie (unfinished), then you should find this entertaining. 
Finally, this story was inspired by a picture I saw on Rubberwoman's site...RW
- hope you don't mind the plug!
~
Jake
**Chapter
One**
**Part
1**

What the hell was I doing out here?  A dark
lonely road in the middle of nowhere.  Just me, my car, a sad song
on the radio and the warm summer's night air swirling through my hair.
Pretty poetic, don't you think?  My name's Jake.  And like so
many others out there on the net have done...this is my story.

I was a mess.  My girl friend of five years
had just left me.  I lost my job.  I had enough money left in
the bank to make two more rent payments (if I didn't eat).  I really
didn't know where to turn or what to do. I was out driving trying to collect
myself and figure out some plan to get my life back on track, when my headlights
picked up the figure of a woman walking along the side of the road. 
I slowed down and pulled onto the shoulder just ahead of her. I turned
to look back at her as she approached my old convertible.  She was
stunning!  Yet sad.

She wore a long black, shiny raincoat that was
cinched tightly around her petite waist with a belt. Her long, straight
black hair hung loosely about her shoulders and back.  She had her
hands in her pockets and was limping slightly.  It only took a second
for
me to realize why.  Her boots would have made a hooker envious!
"Hi", my voice seemed louder than it needed to
be.  "Umm...you need a lift somewhere?"

But she ignored me and walked right past the car. 
I could tell by her smudged makeup that she had been crying, although there
were no signs of tears now.  I pulled the car ahead slowly, driving
next to her as she walked.
"You know, you really shouldn't be walking out
here alone...late at night like this.  Umm...those boots of yours
might give people the wrong idea..."
"Wrong idea about what?!"
I was surprised at the strength of her voice.
"I..I'm sorry I just..."

"Just what?!  Maybe I like wearing boots
like these?  Maybe I find them comfortable?  I think you're the
one with the wrong idea, pal!", she barked at me without shifting her gaze
at all. Pal.  I hadn't been called "pal" in a while.
"Listen," I reasoned, "I didn't mean anything
malicious by the comment, I just thought you could use the ride. 
And if they're so comfortable, then why are you limping?"

She stopped so unexpectedly that the car slid
in the gravel as I tried to match her abruptness. I looked back over the
seat to see her crying.  I jumped out of my side and ran around the
back to console her.  I know, I know...men are suckers for tears...or
at least I am. I put my arm around her and was surprised that she turned
in to me and continued to cry into the crook of my neck. A little confused
by the sudden outpouring of emotion from this otherwise solum figure, I
wrapped my arms around her and stroked her back and hair.  Wow, she
was gorgeous!  I don't think I'd ever been this close to a woman that
looked this good.

"C'mon, I'll take you where ever you need to go. 
I'm not going anywhere special...just out for a drive."
I walked her to the passenger side, opened the
door and helped her sit down.  All the while I just stared at her
boots.  As she sat down in the seat, her coat climbed up her leg,
exposing more of the boots.  Wow...again! I got back in my side, trying
to look cool to impress her, put the car in drive and headed off down the
dark road again.
"Ummm...which way?"
She just pointed in the direction she had been
walking and folded her arms again.

"You'll, uh...let me know when to turn?"
She grunted a little laugh and smiled at me. 
"Thanks", she managed, "but you should have just let me walk."
"I couldn't do that.  How long have you
been out here?"
"Since about sun down."
"No wonder you're limping.  Listen, sorry
about what I said back there, about your boots I mean. They just caught
my attention.  Very nice."
"Thanks.  They're not very good for walking
though."

"What are you doing out here walking in those
anyway?"
"It's a long story."
"I've got time."
"My boyfriend and I had a nasty fight. 
He left me."
"Out here?"
"Out here.  I really don't want to get into
it with you.  Let's just say we have a difference of opinion when
it comes to sex."
"Oh.  I guess that accounts for the boots?"
"What is it with you and these boots?  Maybe
I like to wear them all the time?"

"Geez...", I muttered under my breath.  We
spent the next 15 minutes sitting in silence.  I couldn't believe
her boyfriend, the jerk, just abandoned her this far out in the middle
of the country.  Some guys just don't know when they've got a good
thing.  Kinda pisses me off.
"Turn left up ahead", her voice startled me after
being silent for so long. I saw the vague outline of an opening in the
trees ahead lit up by my headlights.  I made the left onto a dirt
road.  A short distance up the road, we came upon a little country
house.  It was surrounded by trees so that no one would be able to
see it from the main road.

"The porch light's on.", I commented. "Do you
think he's here?"
"God I hope not!", she seemed genuinely worried.
"We were on our way to a party when we had this incredible fight. 
I don't see his car anywhere.  Jesus! - he said that he was never
coming back this time!"   <This time?!?>
"Look", she continued, "I really owe you a lot
for driving me this far, but could you come in with me just to make sure
he isn't here?  I don't know what he'd do to me.  I mean it \*is\*
my house and everything, but if he's here..."
"Don't worry about it", I interrupted, "I'd be
happy to check things out with you."

I parked the car at the side of the house and
helped her to the front door.
"By the way, I'm Jake.", I offered.
"Sandra.  But you can call me Sandy...everyone
does."

There was that smile again.  Sandy pulled
a ring of keys from her pocket and fumbled several through her gloved hands. 
Odd...why would she be wearing what looked like black rubber gloves on
a night as warm as this?
She opened the door and flicked a switch flooding
the cottage with a warm glow.
"Jerry, you bastard, you better not have come
back here!", she called out into the empty house. "Jerry?  Jerry?!",
she went looking through the different rooms, all the while her heels clicked
on the hardwood floors. She came back to me at the front door with an obviously
relieved expression on her face.

"I take it he's not here?", I asked.
"Nope.  Thanks again, Jake.  You didn't
have to do that."
"Do what?  All in a day's work ma'am.",
I smiled at her.
"It's pretty late, do you want to stay here tonight?"
"I don't think I should.  I've got my own
problems...I should be heading back to the city."
"That's not a offer, it's a command Jake", she
pushed the door closed with a rubber-clad hand, flicked the key on the
inside lock and removed it.

"Welcome to my home, Jake.  She pulled the
belt open on her coat.  "Help me off with my coat, would you?"
I held the shoulders of the rain coat as she
stepped away from me.  I couldn't believe what I saw! Her black and
very shiny boots ran up to her thighs.  Out of the tops of her boots
I gawked at her legs, waist, torso, arms, hands and neck.  She was
completely covered in ultra-tight, shiny black latex!  It looked as
though she had been dipped in a molten pool of black rubber. "Well, that
response is as good as any!", she quipped.

"I'm going to go upstairs and change.  It's
been a long walk and I could use a shower.  Be a dear Jake and pour
us a couple of glasses of wine would you?  There's a bottle of white
in
the  fridge and some glasses in the cupboard next to the sink."

**Part
2**

"Oh boy!", I rejoiced to myself as I straightened
the erection in my pants on the way to the kitchen, "Jake's gonna get lucky
tonight!" I found the wine without a problem, poured two glasses and set
them on the coffee table in the living room.  Sandy was still upstairs,
so I decided to build a romantic fire in the fireplace (thank God for central
air...even in old places like this).

Once the fire was going, I settled back on the
couch, sampled the wine and vividly recalled the outfit Sandy had been
wearing.  I almost wished she hadn't taken it off. "Well," Sandy's
voice made me jump.  Wrapped up in my day-dream, I hadn't heard her
come into the room. "This is very nice."
She came around the end of the couch and sat
down in one fluid motion.  She was dressed in rubber again. 
Red rubber.  A red rubber body suit, long red gloves, stockings and
garters and red heels.  Her hair was pulled up in a pony tail and
her makeup was fresh and stunning.

Sandy picked up her glass of wine and slowly took
a sip.  "Oh...I needed that.  Jake honey, what are you looking
at?  You act like you've never seen someone dressed in latex before."
Not wanting to look stupid, I said something
like, "Well, uh...never this close."  The only rubber I had ever seen
anyone wear was latex kitchen gloves...and they couldn't compare to what
was before me now!

"I thought you said you were going upstairs to
change into something more comfortable?", I said trying to change the subject.
"This is more comfortable.  Well, not true. 
The catsuit is more comfortable I guess, but walking in it for four hours
on a muggy night like tonight, anything would be more comfortable."
I tried to laugh along with her, but I really
didn't understand.  At this point, I didn't really understand anything.

We chatted for about three hours, talking about
everything.  My problems, her problems...the only things we didn't
seem to touch on were politics and religion -- which is just as well. 
When the second bottle of wine was finished, I was glad I wasn't driving
anywhere.  Sandy was in worse shape than I was.
"So tell me honestly, do you like what I'm wearing?",
it was obvious she was drunk.
"I can't relate what I'm feeling right now",
I was moving in for the kiss.
"I have a fetish for latex ya' know.", I loved
the way she giggled after she said everything.
Normally, it would be very annoying, but the
way I was feeling, she was perfect in every way.
"So?"
"And it doesn't \*bother\* you that I love wearing
it?"
"No.  You're a very sexy woman.  I
like the way you look in it...all shiny and everything."
"Really?"
"Sure."
"Jerry started to have problems with it. 
I don't think he fully appreciated it...or me.", Sandy started to look
like she was going to cry again.

"Now's your chance!", I thought to myself. 
I moved in for the kiss.  It was heaven.  Our last few words
melted away with the intensity of the kiss.  Looking back, I didn't
even know what a \*fetish\* was...let alone one for latex. Sandy quietly
took my hand and looked at me seductively. 
"Come upstairs with me Jake", she whispered.
I followed her up the stairs to a beautiful master
bedroom suite.  We kissed like the last people on earth...so much
passion and excitement.  Our tongues danced in each other's mouths. 
My hands ran all over her rubber body.  I'll admit, although I didn't
have a full appreciation for it then, the latex skin felt truly magnificent.

Sandy pulled at my clothes trying to get me undressed. 
"Take those off!  I'll get a condom..."
I took off my clothes and threw them into a heap
on the floor.  Sandy came back into the room with the little package
in her gloved hands, then pushed me down on the bed.  She got on top
of me, gripped my hard penis with the palms of her hands and rolled the
condom down over my shaft. It was a black condom, heavier than any I had
used before, and bulkier too.  I mean as she rolled it down, the roll
seemed to be thicker or something.  I soon learned why.  When
she reached the bottom of my shaft, she pulled a little and a \*pouch\* popped
out of the roll.

"This may pinch a little...", Sandy said almost
breathlessly as she stretched the lubricated sheath's opening and pulled
it quickly over my hard scrotum.  When she let go, the rubber ring
closed tightly around the base of my cock and balls.  My sex was completely
encased in the glistening black rubber. As soon as she was done admiring
my sheathed cock, she picked it up off my stomach with a new delicacy. 
The unusual condom made my cock look different -- almost artificial. 
She slithered down to kiss it respectfully on the tip.  Sandy then
began to lick its length and moaned all the while.  This girl was
hot!  And she was good too.  I don't think I had ever received
a blowjob that felt as incredible as this one did. She licked the entire
length of my shaft before going to work on my balls.  The feeling
was definitely less sensitive, but her skill and enthusiasm more than made
up for the loss of feeling.  A couple of times she had me within seconds
of coming, but then, would do something to keep me from reaching my climax.

I was totally in another world, and so was she. 
I watched her with fascination as she seemed so focussed on my sex and
nothing else.  I attempted to tell her I wanted to please her, but
she either didn't hear me or didn't want me to do anything.  Just
when I was about to climax (for the fourth time), she reached around behind
her ass and undid the zipper at her crotch.  Quickly, Sandy moved
a leg over me to straddle my cock.  Without even looking at my face,
she grabbed my wrists and pinned my hands under her knees.  She took
my sheathed cock in her hand and straightened it below her hole. 
With one easy movement, Sandy dropped right down to the base of my sex.

I wanted desperately to reach up and touch her
breasts, but with my hands pinned under her latex legs, it was impossible. 
I felt her pussy clamp down on the full length of my penis as she began
to ride me.  The vision of this rubber-clad woman on top of me was
almost too much to bear.  Sandy reached up to her face with her gloved
hands and began to caress her face and suck her fingers. She fucked me
like I wasn't even there, like I was some kind of \*warm dildo\* or something.
Sandy was close, and so was I.  I think it was probably her movements
that pushed me over the edge.  The image of her is still burned in
my mind from that night.  We both came together in a well-deserved
(needed?) orgasm.  She was sucking on her rubber fingers and pressing
against her belly when she arched her back and screamed out into the summer
night.

When we had both come down from our high, Sandy
bent over and kissed me gently, "Thanks. You don't know how much I needed
that."
"It was good for me too ya know", I panted back,
"But where did you get that condom?  I don't think I've ever seen
one that covers your balls too?"
"I'll tell you in the morning over breakfast...if
you're good!", she said as she got off me.  "You can wash up in here,
I'll go to the spare bathroom."
I pulled the condom off me, washed up, then headed
back to the bed.  The bed looked as if it had barely been touched. 
The mattress was so firm and the sheets still felt \*new\*.

"Hi", Sandy smiled at me as she came back into
the room.  She was completely naked and trying to cover herself up
with her arms.  From what I could see in the dim light, she was completely
hairless except for her head.
"Come get into bed", I threw back the covers
on her side and patted the mattress.  She came over to the bed slowly
and slid under the sheets uneasily.
"New bed?", I asked.
"No why?"
"Dunno...it just felt kinda new.  It seems
a little firm, I guess Jerry liked it that way?", I was just trying to
bug her.

"Oh, Jerry and I didn't sleep together. 
His room was down the hall.  I got changed in there, and all of his
stuff seems to be gone.  The bastard must have been planning to leave
me tonight all along."
"You two didn't sleep together?"
"No.  We, uh...could never get comfortable
together.  You know how it is.  Some people sleep in different
ways."
"Yeah, I guess so.  You must be really tired
from everything this evening."
"I suppose I am.  Listen, if you wake up
in the morning, and I'm not here, I've probably just gone downstairs early. 
I'm a light sleeper.  Make yourself at home.  You can have a
shower and come down for breakfast any time. "And Jake..."
"Yeah?"
"Thanks again for picking me up.  Sorry
I was kinda hard on you, it's just that no one's been that nice to me in
a long time."
"Hey...thank you for letting me stay here tonight. 
Good night."
"Night."
 
**Part
3**

I could see why Jerry slept in the other room. 
It took me forever to fall asleep with all Sandy's tossing and turning. 
When I did finally fall asleep, I slept like the dead. Just like Sandy
said, she was gone when I got up. I showered and shaved the best I could
with one of the disposable razors I found.  I got dressed and headed
down stairs to the kitchen.
"Sandy?", I called out.  I couldn't seem
to find her anywhere.  I looked all around the house but she was nowhere
to be found.  There wasn't a note or anything. I got a little nervous
and checked outside that she hadn't made off with my car.  It was
still there, summer dew covering the cheap vinyl seats.

There was a large barn in the back of the yard. 
Thinking she might be there, I walked back to investigate.  The door
was locked and there was no way to see inside the glass-block windows. 
It was such a large structure and yet there was nothing but forest around
here.  I figured she must work in the place or something.  It
hit me then that I really knew nothing about this woman.  She was
a stranger I picked up on the side of the road and had sex with. 
I thought about just getting in my car and leaving.  Yet, somehow,
I thought I should stay...like she needed me or something. Weird the way
the mind works.

Anyway, I headed back into the house and fixed
myself a pot of coffee.  As I sat down with my cup to wait for Sandy
(I thought she might be out exercising or something), I heard a strange
sound coming from the basement.  It sounded like a vacuum cleaner
or something. It was very faint but I traced the noise to a door that opened
onto a flight of stairs leading to the basement.  I was a little surprised
with what I found down there!  The whole basement had been set up
like a gym... if you were a sex-crazed, perverted athlete!  There
was a stirring in my pants as I looked around at all the equipment. 
Horses, chains, tables, closets (lots of closets), something that looked
like a gynaecologists table.  There was a set of glass doors leading
into a small jacuzzi room.  There was a winch system over the pool
that I thought was a little strange.  The room next to the jacuzzi
room was very plain except for a chair and two walls completely covered
in mirrors. The third and last room was where the noise seemed to be emanating. 
What I saw there made my cock shoot up painfully in my pants.

The room had very dim lights around the perimeter
and a bed-like structure that was hooked up to a shop vac (powerful vacuum
for those who don't know).  The structure was unusual in that it seemed
to be made up of two layers of clear latex, stretched over the frame. 
The vacuum was sucking the air out from between the latex sheets and there,
sandwiched between the layers was the form of Sandy. I say the \*form\* because
I couldn't actually see her face or anything else distinguishable for that
matter.  Below the clear latex, the woman's figure was completely
dressed in black latex.  It appeared that she was wearing a full black
latex catsuit with gloves and feet attached.  Around her waist was
a very tight black rubber corset extending from her waist to her breasts. 
The latex was stretched so tightly over her breasts that her erect nipples
could clearly be made out in the fabric.

The figure's arms were above her head, gripping
the top frame of the bed.  The thing I found the most erotic, was
that her head was sealed in a shiny black latex hood.  There were
no openings for either the eyes, ears or nose.  A rigid breathing
tube extended from her mouth through the top sheet of the bed so that she
could breathe. I watched the figure try to squirm as best she could. 
Side to side movements seemed very limited in her shrunk-wrapped state,
but there was a little play to the latex sheets in the frame that allowed
her hips to move up and down. The figure had no clue that I was in the
room and seemed to be off in her own little world.  I heard her breath
whistling through the breathing tube over the whine of the shop vac. 
The pace of her breathing was increasing and her hips were rocking a little
faster.  What ever world she was in, she was having a very good time!

Deciding that she couldn't see me anyway, I undid
the zipper to my pants and pulled out my cock.  I was so turned on
by the scene before me, that I couldn't help myself. I watched the rubber
figure climb to the heights of some unseen pleasure, moaning through the
breathing tube.  As she climbed higher and higher, the figure bucked
and rocked as best she could in the bed.  I stroked my cock for all
it was worth!  I watched as the figure shook all over, then arch her
back, straining at the rubbery grip of the bed.  My orgasm gripped
my balls and sent a stream of thick cum shooting onto the clear latex sheet.
Just as my load shot out of me, there was a click and the shop vac shut
off.  The stupid thing was on a timer!  As the motor wound down,
the vacuum pressure in the bed was released.  The figure inside pushed
up on the top sheet and the frame opened up.  Not wanting to be found
out, I stuffed my still-spasming penis into my pants and did up the fly. 
Before I could get my act together and run from the room, the figure in
the bed had unzipped the rubber hood and freed herself.

When she pulled her face from the first hood,
I saw that she was wearing another underneath...only this one had eye,
nose and mouth holes.  Our eyes met. It was obvious from the look
in her eyes that she was surprised to see me, but she didn't say anything
right away.  I think the look in my eyes must have told her that I
was more surprised to be caught than she had been to find me there. She
got up out of the bed, closed the top frame...then noticed the wad of cum
running down the top sheet.  To my amazement, she bent down, looked
me right in the eye and licked the cum off the sheet! When she was satisfied
that she had swallowed every drop on the latex sheet, she stood up, looked
me in the eye again and calmly said, "I wasn't counting on you being an
early riser Jake." As she walked past me into the main room, Sandy tugged
at the wet spot on the crotch of my pants and said, "Enjoy the show?"

I didn't know what to do or say.  I stood
in the vacuum room for a minute or so turning every conceivable shade of
red.  Then I followed her out into the main room.  She was standing
in front of one on the closets.  The door was open and there was a
mirror on the back.  Sandy had unzipped the crotch zipper and was
pulling out two large vibrators.  No wonder she had had such a good
time. The smell in the room started to hit my nose.  Sex and rubber
with a hint of sweat.  The aroma was surprisingly intoxicating! 
The smell along with the sight of Sandy completely covered in shiny latex
was stirring my sex again.  I had never reacted this quickly before. 
I knew I had to say something, but Sandy beat me to it.
"Well, don't just stand there.  You might
as well come over here.  You've seen enough already that we can have
a decent conversation about it."
I obediently moved to face her.  I still
didn't have anything to say.  I tried with, "I...I'm sorry Sandy. 
I didn't realize -- I shouldn't have been snooping."
"You're right.  You shouldn't have been
snooping.  But you did.  I told you last night that I had a fetish
for latex clothing so this shouldn't have come as a total shock to you."
"I know what you said, but maybe I didn't understand..."

"That's not surprising", she continued, "most
people don't.  But what's done is done.  As I see it, you've
got two choices.  Either you leave and never come back here again,
or you stay and let me convert you." Well the last one shocked me!
"You mean you're not upset that I was watching
you?"
"No...in fact, I liked seeing your reaction. 
It tasted pretty good too.  Rubber lovers are usually exhibitionists
at heart -- whether it be publicly or privately, we love to show off our
bodies...dressed in latex of course. I'm glad you felt the need to masturbate. 
It tells me that you liked what you saw.  Right?"
"Well, I...uh...."
"You're not very convincing Jake.  Judging
by the bulge in you pants, I'd say you still like what you see."

She was right.  The fact that I was having
an intelligent conversation with a shiny, featureless latex lady was driving
me crazy.
"So, what's it going to be?  You gonna stay
or not?"
I managed to collect my thoughts, "I'd like to
stay...but under one condition."
"Condition?  This otta be good", she said
sarcastically.
"If I'm going to be \*converted\*, I'd guess that
my whole outlook on sex is going to change?"
"Well, if you like it, it will."
"Then my condition is that we date for a while
like normal people."

I could see a big smile take shape beneath the
latex hood, then Sandy started to laugh.  "Date?!? You must be joking! 
I haven't gone on a date since I was in high school!"
"Well Sandy, that might be part of your problem. 
I could see myself falling hard for a woman like you.  You're beautiful,
and motivated, and from what I saw last night, I like your personality...but
I want to be realistic here.  I want to get to know you before I let
you \*convert\* me."

Sandy was shocked.  It was obvious no one
had ever approached her on this level.  She had probably always dealt
with men trying to get into her pants (catsuit, leotard??).  She pulled
suddenly at the base of the hood, stretching the collar over her head.
Sandy was bald!

She wiped the top of her head with her rubber
hand, then extended it to me.  "You've got a deal. A weird one, but
a deal anyway."
I shook her hand revelling in the feeling of
the latex glove against my bare flesh.  I think that was the first
time I was acutely aware of latex and the feelings it can produce. Sandy
opened another door and took out a wig.  A blonde bushy one. 
It was strikingly realistic and looked fantastic against the black of the
catsuit.  Another closet revealed racks of shoes and boots. 
Sandy selected a pair of black patent pumps with a 4" heel.  She turned
to look at me and said, "There...I guess I look a bit more \*normal\*. 
You must be hungry, let me fix us some breakfast."

So we went upstairs, the smell of sex, rubber
and sweat following us as we went.

**Part
4**

Sandy cooked us a very nice breakfast of eggs,
bacon and toast.  As we ate, she told me more of her story.
"Jerry and I were heading out to a fetish party
when he said the rubber thing was getting a little out of hand.  Jerry
was a self-proclaimed sub that I met in a fetish club several months ago.
Almost a year now. Anyway, he was pretty pervy and enjoyed when I topped
him, but I was getting a little bored with the whole routine.  I mean,
I like roll-playing as much as the next girl, but I'm more into dressing,
and Jerry was more into lifestyle BDSM.  I guess it was inevitable. 
But I'm getting tired of meeting rubber wanna-be's who end up leaving because
I'm not what they \*thought they were looking for\*.  You know what
I mean, Jake?"
"Yeah...on a slightly different level, I guess
I do."

"I think that's why I found it so surprising that
you wanted to find out more about ME."
"Why did you leave me last night and go down
to the basement?", I asked.
"My fetish is very strong Jake.  I've been
developing it for years.  I'm at the point now that I want to have
latex next to my skin or nothing at all.   And when I have nothing
on, I really feel naked. You commented that you thought the bed was new. 
Basically it is.  I think I've only slept in it about a dozen times
since I got it.  The cotton sheets drive me crazy!  They feel
so course against my skin.  I wanted to try being \*normal\* with you
because I liked you.  You were nice to me. But I just couldn't get
comfortable.

"I got up and went down to the basement when I
was sure you were asleep.  I set the timer on the vacuum bed thinking
I could be up and changed before you woke up, but I didn't think you'd
be an early riser."
"Where'd you get the condom?", I asked.
"The what?  Oh!  From last night! 
I guess I should tell you about that as well.  I have my own business. 
I make latex fetish clothes and accessories.  My designs, quality
and technology are very much in demand all over the world.  An old
boyfriend came up with the idea years ago.   He introduced me
to the idea of selling by mail-order and over the internet.  The \*Tyte-Fit\*
label has provided me with a lot.  By the way, that's my name, Sandra
Tyte.

"You do your manufacturing in the barn out back?"
"Yes.  You saw it then?"
"Not exactly, I was trying to find you this morning,
so I went outside..."
"Well, come on then!  I want to show it
to you.  Some of the stuff in there is top secret, so if you tell
anyone, I have to kill you!"
We both laughed as we left the dishes and went
off to the barn.

The sun was hot crossing the courtyard. 
I wondered how she could stand being totally covered in latex on such a
warm day. She came to the door and opened it with just the turn of the
knob.  When we got inside, I realized why the door was unlocked now.
"Morning Kim.  I'd like you to meet my friend
Jake."
Kim was a very pretty oriental girl with a fantastic
body.  She was also wearing latex, a very tight silver minidress. 
Her hair hung in a well groomed bob above her shoulders.
"How'd the party go last night?", Kim asked. 
I winced.
"The bastard left me on the side of the road!"
"Jerry?!", I think Kim winced too.
"Yes, Jerry.  Jake here was good enough
to drive me home last night."
"Oh...I'm so sorry Sandy.  I know how much
you liked him.", I think Kim was being genuine, but I didn't really need
to hear that.
"I'll tell you all about it later", Sandy whispered.

Kim smiled and Sandy gave me the tour...at least
what she was prepared to explain to me. Her process was interesting. 
Everything was based on molds and it was all automated and computer controlled. 
The only thing Kim and Sandy had to do was prepare the liquid latex - colour,
quantity, etc. and remove the finished products for packaging.
"These are top secret designs we're working on
for the Spice Girls' next tour.  We usually prefer to do stuff for
latex fetishists, but I have a line of more trendy stuff that I market
to up-scale stores.  That kind of stuff really pays the bills. 
The custom fetish gear is more for fun than profit.

"Maybe soon, you'll let me scan your body into
my computer?  What do you say about that?", she grinned evilly.
"I'd like to spend a little more time with you...",
just then the phone rang.
"Hang on a minute, I've gotta get this. 
Tyte-Fit, Sandy speaking.  Oh hi Terry.  No, no...I'm sorry I
couldn't make it last night.  I know I should have called to cancel
my appearance.  Yes, but...Terry, can you hold for a minute? Sorry
Jake honey, I'm going to be a while.  I was supposed to be making
an appearance last night at a club/party.  Go back in the house, I
shouldn't be too long."
"Okay", I smiled and walked back through the
shop.  Kim was on the phone too and smiled as I left. I washed the
breakfast dishes, then settled in to watch a little television.

The hours seemed to melt together.  I thought
about leaving, but was still so taken with this rubber goddess, I didn't
want to make any \*mistakes\*. Noon soon rolled around and there was still
no sign of Sandy.  I made lunch for the three of us and took it out
to the barn.
"Lunch!", Kim seemed quite surprised.
"What a nice treat!  We don't usually eat
in the middle of the day here.  Sandy's still on the phone though. 
You'd better leave it for her.  She'll probably be a while. 
We're having a bad morning. The phones are really busy.  She hasn't
even had time to change yet.  Don't worry.  I'll send her over
as soon as we get a break."
I didn't say anything.  Just shrugged my
shoulders and headed back to the house.

I was too restless to watch mind-numbing afternoon
television.  So I decided to explore the house.  I went upstairs
to see what I could learn from Jerry's room.

**Part
5**

Jerry didn't leave a lot of clues behind. 
I poked around for a bit, but only learned that Jerry tidied up really
well before he took off. I was going through the empty dresser drawers,
when I opened the bottom one and came across a neatly folded pile of black
rubber.  I gently picked up one of the small bundles.  It was
a long glove.  The bundle next to it proved to be its mate. 
Ignoring the other things in the drawer for now, I slipped off my shirt
and began to work the right glove onto my arm. Looking back now, I was
lucky the inside of the glove had plenty of powder, or I would have had
much more trouble than I did. Somehow, I think we fetishists remember our
first time putting on rubber.  It's ingrained in our memory. 
The cool feeling of the latex as it slid up my arm.  The hollow rustling
sound and squeaking as you push the air out.  The smell...ah, the
smell of latex.  To a fetishist, I think there's nothing more intoxicating.
I'm saying all this now, looking back from the future (present?), but I
guess the sensations were, at the time, more curious and different than
anything else.

I went to the full-length mirror and admired my
arms in the long gloves.  The shine was what first caught my attention. 
There was that look of artificiality like I had experienced the night before.
Flawless.  Perfect.  Gleaming.  My hands looked like they
had been sculpted - pure beauty. I went back to the drawer to find the
other things that our friend Jerry had left.  The next bundle was
a pair of briefs with a built-in sheath.  It was similar to the one
I had worn last night. I quickly took off my pants and tried to pull up
the briefs.  Unlike the gloves, however, there wasn't very much powder
at all in these and it was difficult going.  I seem to remember losing
quite a lot of leg hair in the process and thinking to myself what was
the eroticism in \*dressing\* like this?  Any of the randy feelings
I had from looking at myself wearing the gloves had now been replaced by
frustration.  I was smart enough to realize that my cock and balls
were NOT going to go into that sheath without a little help.

I looked around the room for some kind of lubricant
or powder or something, but with no luck.  I remembered seeing some
products in the master bathroom and headed down the hall with the sheath
loosely swaying between my legs. Once in the bathroom, it didn't take me
too long to find a tube of K-Y and I slicked up my hardening penis.  
Once done, I was surprised that it slipped home inside the sheath with
very little effort!  I took a towel and wiped off my gloved hands. 
As I put away the towel, I noticed a bottle of Armorall.  "Strange",
I thought, "Why would there be a bottle of this up in the bathroom?" 
I was reading the label on the bottle when I caught the line that said
something about being good for conditioning leather, vinyl and rubber. 
Hmmm...?  I sprayed my left glove experimentally and was impressed
with the wet-look shine the surface took on as I worked in the liquid. 
I did the other glove and the briefs.  Fantastic!

I went back to Jerry's room, my proud little shiny
black soldier standing tall, and went to the drawer where I unfolded the
last of the bundles.  It was in the shape of a head, with eye, nostril
and mouth holes.  It was a hood, just like the one Sandy had been
wearing this morning. It was a tight fit pulling the hood over my head,
but what a marvellous sensation!  It was like being hugged and caressed
over my entire head simultaneously.  I stepped up to the mirror and
was instantly enamoured with what I saw. I experimentally started touching
myself.  I loved the way the latex felt on my skin, but also the sensation
of rubber on rubber.  All of a sudden, masturbation involved all the
senses - sight, smell, sound, touch...yes, even taste.  I examined
my \*new\* body from every possible angle, relishing the way the light gleamed
off my rubber bits.  It was almost like a religious experience.

I knelt on the floor and pounded my cock until
I felt the inevitable eruption surging through me. It had to be one of
the best I had ever had (up to that point).  Just as the orgasm swept
over me, I looked up to see Sandy standing in the door way, arms folded,
leaning against the frame. I felt like I had just been caught masturbating
by my mother.  I was shocked and it kind of put the pressure on me
to recover from an otherwise stupendous climax.
"You know, you snoop around far too much", Sandy
quipped sarcastically.  I just looked down sheepishly.

She walked into the room and came around behind
me.  "After this morning's little stunt, I should have known to be
more careful of what you might get into.  Maybe I should have just
locked you up down stairs for the day?  Hmmm?  What do you think
about that?  It's not too late you know? Maybe you'd like that?"
Maybe I would have, but keep in mind, I had no
clue about what I was getting myself into.  I had always been strictly
vanilla.  So much so, I probably could have written the Vanilla Manual.
"No ma'am", I answered lowly.
"Well the way I see it, you need to do something
to keep yourself busy.  Or else I'll have to find a way to keep you
out of trouble.  Now let me think...?"

I knew she was toying with me, I just wasn't sure
where she was going to go with it.
"I've got it!", Sandy pulled off her wig, threw
it into the corner and seductively backed to the bed.  Just before
she sat down, she reached back between her legs and began to unzip her
crotch.
"I think I have a way for you to do some exploring
AND keep yourself out of trouble."  Sandy sat down on the bed, spread
her legs wide and pulled the latex catsuit away from her hairless pussy.
"Come here NOW!  Crawl to me you nosey shit.  Good, now nose
around in here for a while.  I said NOSE."

Her scent was overpowering by this point in the
day.  The sight of me in some rubber, masturbating had obviously had
an effect on her because she was dripping wet.  I poked my nose between
the folds of her labia as she commanded and rubbed the tip up against her
clit.  Sandy let out a sigh and grabbed hold of my rubber head. 
She pulled my face into her pussy and rocked back and forth gently on the
rubber of my nose.  Tentatively, I stuck out my tongue to taste her
juices.   She eagerly accepted my probe and laid back on the
bed to allow me better access. I gently parted her lips with my flattened
tongue and went to work on her clit.  I alternately pulled at it with
my teeth and licked it with my tongue.  I took one of my gloved fingers
and slid it inside her hole.  I probed about until I felt her body
start to tense and rock.  I continued to press on this spot while
I licked and sucked away at her smooth mound.  I was just getting
into it when Sandy grabbed hold of my head and tried to push my face inside
of her.  I felt the wonderful sensation of her pussy gripping my tongue
and then the familiar flow of girl cum.

Sandy was laughing and looked down at me, "Well,
we certainly don't need much work in that department.  Come up here,
I want to feel your rubber cock inside me.  She scootched up the bed
and I crawled up on top of her.  I couldn't believe that I was this
hard again after having such an intense orgasm.  Sandy guided my rubber
prick to the edge of her hole and I pushed it slowly inside.  We just
lay together kissing and feeling each other before starting into a slow,
steady rhythm.
We came together with such emotion, I finally
understood the term \*making love\*.  Sandy wiped away a few tears and
said, "I don't think I've ever felt like this before..."

I got off her and peeled the latex hood from my
face, "Even more reason to stay away from this stuff for a while."
"But you DID enjoy it, didn't you?", Sandy sat
up, still breathing heavy.
"Yes, yes...more than I'd like to admit. 
But what we just felt together is just the tip of the iceberg.  We
know we have this, but I'm not going to let myself get set up for another
disasterous relationship.  Can't you understand that Sandy?"
"Yes.  As much as I hate to admit it, you're
right.  You still snoop around too much."
"Maybe, but if I hadn't, we wouldn't have discovered
\*this\*!

"I'm going to have a shower, then head back to
the city.  If you'd like, I can pick you up tomorrow and we can go
out for dinner or something?"
"I can't believe you want us to date!", Sandy
said throwing a pillow at me.  "Are you sure you don't want to stay
here?"
"Definitely not!  This is too dangerous. 
I know I'm going to be swept up in this fetish of yours as it is. 
I don't want it to cloud other feelings I'm going to develop for you."
"Jake, you've got a strange way of sweet-talkin'
a girl...but I think I like it.  I've got a ton of work to do in the
shop anyway.  I'd love to join you for dinner tomorrow night, and
I'd love to join you in the shower too."

Sandy and I helped each other peel off the sticky
layer of latex until we were both naked.  We went to the big shower
in the master bathroom and turned on the water.
"Remind me to give you one of my \*special\* baths
sometime", Sandy said as we stepped into the steam.  "You'll never
be the same afterwards!"
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"Nothing I'm going to tell you now...it's just,
how should I put it...invigorating!"
"And would this \*special\* bath involve latex?"
"Oddly enough, no.  It's kind of a preparation
for latex though.  And that's all I'm going to tell you!"
We had been soaping each other during this conversation,
so I playfully slapped a soapy hand across her ass, "That's all I need
to know."

Sandy giggled with my playful smack, grabbed my
wrists and pushed me up against the shower wall.  She had a renewed
passion in her eyes, and she thrust her body against mine.  Her kiss
was hot!  I reached my hands up to stroke her bald head, caressing
it as our tongues lapped in each others mouth.  Under the hot water,
her skin had an incredibly soft, smooth texture.  I had never touched
a bald head before (let alone one on a woman), and was surprised by how
erotic it felt. My cock achingly came to attention once again.  I
think Sandy must have known that I was sensitive, because she turned around,
bent over and gingerly began to inch my penis into her pussy.
"I can't remember the last time I've had actual
\*flesh\* inside me.  Everything for the past few years has been rubber
covered. And...ooohh...it kinda feels good this way."

I've never told her this, but as I entered her
from behind that time in the shower, I watched her smooth naked body dripping
with water, and couldn't help but picture her encased in latex! To be blunt...it
was a hard fuck.  No making love this time.  It was animalistic. 
I felt like I was ready to come when Sandy reached around, grabbed my cock
and pulled away from me.
"Not in that hole lover.  I don't want any
accidents right now...no protection you know."

With that, she took my penis and put it up against
her asshole.  I had never had anal sex before, but my urges were keeping
me from thinking too much.  I pushed a little and I went right in.
Obviously she was experienced at this.  There wasn't the usual pain
or extreme tightness I had always heard about.  She seemed to just
open up and let me in. It's kind of hard to describe the feeling, but once
I was fully buried deep inside her, Sandy clamped down on the base of my
cock and literally pulled the cum from my balls.  It was the most
curious, but satisfying sensation.

The description here leaves out all my screaming
and her moaning.  I didn't think you'd be interested in reading all
the graphic details.  Some of these stories describe the wads of thick
sticky cum pulsing from a straining love stick into the hungry hole of
a vixen.  But I think you probably get my style by now...and that
ain't it!  The details are up to your imagination.  And don't
worry, you're probably right. So what happened after the shower? 
Not much.  We dried each other off.  There was lots of giggling
and carrying on.  I put on my clothes.  Sandy put on a sexy red
rubber hobble dress (zipper left up to the knees).  We kissed. 
She walked me to my car.  We kissed some more. Sandy went back into
the shop.  And I drove home.

There's no point romancing this part up. 
It's not as exciting as the rest of the stuff.  Besides, I've had
enough writing for today.  I'll tell you more another time.
