---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Bondage Slave's Tale
authors:
- Jvstin
tags:
- F/m
- D/s
- bond
- bdsm
- anal
- toys
- cons
- X
---

Direct all feedback to jvstin@admin.con2.com 
Freely distributable as long as credit is given. Dedicated to Tigress.

"So, would you like for me to tie you up, Robert?"

I sat on the stool in Madeline's kitchen, regarding
my hostess.  Although this was not exactly the kind of typical conversation gambit one might
expect from my almost-middle aged friend, I had learned by now that she
did not treat such things as a game.  So, neither would I.

"I'll do it."  I replied, as she continued
to play idly with the three ply nylon rope that had prompted her question in the first place.  As she
directed me to put my hands behind the back of the backed stool I was sitting
on, I thought on how exactly I had wound up in her kitchen, about to be
casually tied up then and there, like a bizarre Home Depot demonstration.

Madeline and I had finally made plans to
meet, at Boston's Natural History museum.  When people who have talked
only via the Internet meet in real time, it is a scary and often
confusing event, even relatively innocuous meetings.  We both lived
in suburbs of the city, I to the north in Revere, Madeline hailed from
Braintree.  Since I was a museum-head, I suggested the Natural History
museum as a place to greet and meet, figuring it would be less crowded
than the Revolutionary War sites so packed with tourists on spring days
like these. Which is not to say, all things considered, that
I did not flirt with her while we walked around the museum, even though
I was more than a couple years her junior.  However, it was not quite
in the manner you would expect.  Or maybe you would, considering Madeline's
interest in tying me up.  You see, Madeline is a Domme.

Indeed, but not an ordinary one, I thought, as
my hands were now firmly tied behind my back and Madeline made sure I was
comfortable before presenting yet another length of rope and telling me
of her intentions of tying my ankles together next.  To most people
familiar with the word, Domme, or the more familiar Dominatrix, conjures
images of leather clad amazons, cracking whips ferociously at their hapless
slave.  While Madeline indeed owned quite a nice pair of thigh high
boots, as well as a couple of implements, I had learned long ago, online,
that her interests were more in the power exchange of submission rather
than simply being a sadist.

"Having a man, or a woman, tied to my bed begging
and pleading with me to stop tickling them or to let them climax is a hundred
times sexier than turning their bottoms red, Robert."  Madeline had
explained to me once, while chatting online.  As I said, this is not
quite the pre-conceived notion one has of someone who is into bondage,
but it made for flirting with her in real life much easier. I could almost
sense the rising hunger in her eyes when, while looking at a case of Protoceratops
fossils,  I went to my knees, turned to look at her, and then lowered
my eyes.

It was a first time real life meeting, though,
so nothing actually came of it... she didn't kiss me, or do anything, really
while I knelt or after I stood up.  However, I think it resulted in
her tendering an offer to visit her home, ostensibly to play Magic and
to pick up a dubbed videocassette from a laser disc she had made for me
of the widescreen version of '2001'.  I eagerly accepted, not expecting
really, to be, several hours after arriving in her home, to have my hands
and now my ankles bound, making myself rather tied up, pun intended.

"Would you like a drink, Robert?" Madeline
asked, noting my glass of 7-Up was just a teensy bit out of reach.

I eagerly
nodded.

"You can ask better than THAT." Madeline
said, teasing, her eyes brightly upon me.

"Can I please have a drink Lady Madeline." 
I figured using a title was a good touch.

"Yes you may, Robert."  She then took
the glass into her hand, and took a long sip but did not swallow. I didn't
quite realize what she was going to do until she leaned into me and pressed
her lips into mine, forcing the soda from her mouth into mine.  I
gasped a bit as I tried to take in the fluid from her mouth.  She
released my mouth when done, and smiled.

"Do you want some more?"

The intensity
of the experience had convinced me to lay off it for a bit, so I shook
my head.  "No, milady Madeline.  I am fine."  This illicited
a smile from her.

"I'll be right back Robert.  Don't
go anywhere!"  With a laugh she left the kitchen, and left me to my
own devices.

As I sat there, tied up rather literally, I thought
about our online interactions that had ultimately lead to us making plans
to meet. I had been wandering channels on IRC, Internet
Relay Chat.  For the uninitiated, let me say it essentially the Internet-wide
analogous system to the infamous Aol "chat rooms" you sometimes hear about
on the news.  However, it is more complex, flexible, and varied. 
I had been using it for several months, and even had what are cutely called
net.relationships on them.

One such relationship had gotten me interested
in Dominance and submission.  Although she no longer was with me,
and indeed had for various reasons left the Internet altogether, she had
gotten me interested enough to occasionally explore the channels, as the
chat rooms are called, relating to it. I had found a couple of comfortable
channels as of late, channels where people could just talk and be friends
instead of the more uncivilized notion you might have of continual and
never ceasing "being on".  In other words, a submissive, or sub, could
feel free to just come in the room and talk with the subs, Dom/mes or switches
as regular people.  Get to know them.  Of course if a D/s couple
came in, they generally stayed in that mode, but free subs, and Free Dom/mes
were not obliged to keep the mask on, so to speak.

So the channels I preferred to talk in were like
that.  I am a switch, which means I like both sides of the power equation,
although I confess I lean toward the sub side a lot more.  It came
rather naturally to me.  Anyway, the key to getting to know a sub
or a Dom/me when you are the either is to be NOT PUSHY.  I had seen
hundreds of sub males come in during the course of a month and annoy the
Female ( and occasionally Male) Dominants.

Speaking of Female Dominants, there was of course
Madeline.  As is the usual custom on IRC, nicknames were the rule. 
My nickname was rather dull by most standards, but metellius was rather
unique.  I had never seen it elsewhere.  Madeline, on the other
hand, had the feline nickname Golden\_Lioness.  Usually shortened to
GL, and Lady GL if you were addressing her AS a sub. Which I found myself doing one day.  It
was a rather dull rainy afternoon.  The whole East coast was like
that, so the channel was rather crowded and no one was saying much. 
I had occasionally chatted with Madeline the last few weeks, so I decided
to break the boredom.
   >>metellius goes over and kneels
before Golden\_Lioness
   >>"Can I get you a drink, Lady GL?"

 I wasn't really anxious, I don't think,
thinking about it again as I awaited my hostess' return, wondering what
WAS she doing.
  >>Golden\_Lioness smiles down at metellius
  >>"A cup of coffee...extra light and extra
sweet."_

_And so I was commanded.  I tend to
like detail, so instead of a boring "metellius brings back a cup of coffee
for Golden\_Lioness" I went into more flowery detail.  I learned soon
after, chatting with Madeline that it was one of the things that impressed
her about me.
  >>metellius enters the kitchen and opens
the cabinet, choosing a cream colored coffee mug.  As the coffee brews,
he takes out the milk and sugar.
  >>Golden\_Lioness watches metellius, a smile on
her face as he busies himself_

_Encouraged, I continued.
  >>metellius sees the coffee is ready and pours
a draught into the cup, leaving plenty of room for the milk and sugar which
soon follow it.  Mixing it with a spoon, and adding a stirrer, he
takes the cup and brings it back into the main room, kneeling before Golden\_Lioness
and offering her the cup
  >>Golden\_Lioness takes a sip of the coffee. 
"Very good metellius, thank you.  Kneel here by my feet."
  >>Golden\_Lioness smiles down at the obedient
one.

Sure I thought, as Madeline came back in with
a riding crop, it was a small thing, and it may seem silly, but it slowly
grew and I gained more net.privileges in serving Madeline.  People
in the channels soon expected me to serve her... and serve her I did. 
Over time, I went from making her coffee to all sorts of ways to please
her... and chills went down my spine in delight each time she would put
me to a new use in the channel.  She once had me act as a footstool,
a position I delightfully ran in my head over and over again for days afterwards. 
She loved putting me in bondage, and it was one day, when she had tied
me up good, that we fell to talking about museums, and the possibility
of us meeting to visit one together. Which of course led eventually to this.

"This is a riding crop, Robert."  Madeline's
voice came, breaking me out of my reverie.  She patted it gently against
her hand.  "I've made your bottom a little pink online with it, haven't
I?"

"Yes Lady Madeline."  I said truthfully
and dutifully.

"Next time you come here, perhaps, I'll
have you strip when you come into my house, so you can feel this properly. 
In the meantime." She lifted the light shirt I was wearing. 
Of course she couldn't remove it, thanks to my bound arms, but my entire
chest from nipples to bellybutton was exposed.

Without a word but with a smile, she began
tapping my stomach with it, just gentle tapping, all around.  It felt
different, and of course I couldn't move, couldn't get out of the path
of the odd sensation. Madeline got a gleam in her eye, and then began
tapping the right nipple. Softly at first, and then with palpable pressure. 
I began to moan, and twist my head slightly.  It felt undeniably good
and I could feel my manhood starting to rise. I have always had sensitive
nipples, and I had mentioned it to her in channel once.  She reacted
to the news the next night in channel by producing a set of nipple clamps,
fastening them to a ring on a collar around my neck.  I winced as
I imagined it... If  I moved my head much, it would pull on the clamps. 
So, much to the delight of the audience in the channel, she found different
ways to get me to move my head... having me get up at her whim and change
the Cd player... fix her coffee, and in one particularly charged moment,
pulled my hair back and kissed me.  Hair pulling, both as a switch
and a dominant is a big turn on for me, so I felt rapturous to imagine
the channel events...nipple and hair play in one action.

Madeline licked her lips and looked at me. 
I could swear she was reading my mind, because she stopped the tapping,
set down the riding crop and took a nipple between her thumb and forefinger. 
She then began to kiss me, almost prying my lips apart to dart her tongue
between. As if this was not enough, I felt more and more pressure on that
nipple as she surely and consciously began to squeeze it, harder and harder. 
I moaned loudly as I could into her waiting mouth, my submission to her
turning her on as well.  Finally, she released my mouth and nipple,
but not the latter before a sudden last twist.  She soon had my shirt
back in position.

"Did you enjoy that Robert?"  Madeline asked
as she went behind me, and expertly freed my hands.

"Yes, Lady Madeline. 
It was a new experience for me."

"Good."  She finally said, as my limbs
were freed and I stood up, noting the clock on the wall that had cursed me and her with the knowledge
that it was almost time for me to return home.

"I think you can repay me, can't you pet?" 
She began dangling her shoes off of her right foot, as she sat on the counter 
and regarded me.  I got the cue and removed the shoe gently before
taking the largest toe and kissing it.

I knew Madeline liked foot worship, in addition
to her other fetishes.  I had not had much experience in it, although
a friend of mine at work had a strong attraction to them, much to the teasing
of our co-workers.  So it was a rather inexpert kiss. My Hostess didn't
seem to mind.

"Next time Robert, "she said as I replaced
the shoe and she lead me to the door to go home. "I'm sure you will lavish much more attention
on my feet... perhaps I will get a pedicure between now and then. 
My pet would like to worship my feet, wouldn't you?"  I nodded with
a smile and a wave as I left her house.  I talked to Madeline online
the next night, and she has  asked me to visit her house next Wednesday. 
She has promised to continue my real-life "training."

I can hardly wait.

**Part II: Senses**

The blindfold went over my eyes, and my vision
was plunged into utter darkness.  It was not exactly your typical
visit to someone's house, I thought, as I felt large bulky headphones cover
my ears--the kind that block out hearing things even without loud music. 'My name is Robert, and I am a sub'  I thought
jokingly to myself, in mental imitation of an a.a. meeting.  Except
my addiction, if you want to use that term, was to the presence of Madeline. I had visited her house for the first time
a few weeks earlier, having met in real life and, to borrow the phrase,
liked each other's smell enough for me to visit.  She had, on that occasion, tied me up in a literal way.  Since then, I had visited
her house a couple of times more, learning about her style of sexplay.

Madeline is, as you might infer, a dominatrix,
of a sort more inclined to submission than pain.  She highly enjoyed
tying me up that first time, and the second time I visited her house featured
my introductions into other fetishes of hers.  I had learned how to
kneel at her feet, and worship her toes with my mouth, amongst other things. 
Now, I was kneeling on her bed, blindfolded, hands tied behind my back,
and she had just slipped on these headphones.

"Sensory control, Robert"  she had
told me, before ordering me to her bedroom for this scene, "can be highly
arousing."  Then again, she was aroused by the submission of her pet,
as she often termed me.  I had, apparently, blossomed well under her
care, as it was, and I had enjoyed every moment of it... even when she decided
to give me a spanking the last time I came here because I was late.

 My ears began to hear music, at a languid
level.  I recognized it as one of her favorites, Enigma.  Mood
music, I thought, since she had employed it on the main speakers of her
stereo a couple of times I have been here.  Now, it was the only thing
I could hear. And that thought excited me, and made me delve further into
what she had patiently described as subspace.  She had control of
my major two senses... I could not see, and I could not hear save what she
desired.  Hands tied behind my back, kneeling on my bed, I had no
idea what she could, would or might do next.
I had only my thoughts, and they focused on my
captoress, my hostess. Wondering what she was doing... wondering when she
would return.  And most importantly, what she would do when she did
return.

With my sense of sight and sound so handicapped,
It was completely unexpected when I felt a thin object touch my lips. 
I figured what to do with it... I kissed it, and the taste seemed to indicate
to me that it was her riding crop. I did not have long to wonder
what it was, since it was soon removed from the vicinity of my mouth. 
A few seconds later, a sting on my ass told me that it, indeed, was the
crop.  The horror and deliciously inventive set up that this was,
I couldn't know where it might hit next, since I could neither hear or
see it coming. The Enigma played in my headphones remorselessly as the
crop stung me on the ass, on my thighs, and even on my lower back. 
After the second, I realized what Madeline was expecting out of me.  
I began thanking her.

"'Thank you ma'am"
\*whak\*
"Thank you ma'am"
\*whak\*
"Thank you ma'am"
\*whak\*

This hit and response continued for a couple of
minutes. and I began to moan from the pleasure... it being a decidedly erotic
experience, to be tied up and spanked in this way. And then, just as suddenly
as it began, Madeline stopped. I did not have long to wonder what was coming
next, as I suddenly felt lips... her lips... pressed to mine, trying to pry
them apart with biting and pushing her tongue.  Not exactly having
a choice in the matter, I opened my mouth to her. I felt her tongue begin to probe and stab into
my mouth, exploring it as if it was it's own, her teeth slipping onto my
lower lip and beginning to feast on it.  Kissing with your eyes closed
is one thing...kissing while blindfolded, and unable to use your hands
is a quite different experience... it almost mandates you to be more passive
in the kiss than normal.

Which is of course, what I was... Madeline was
kissing me, and was preventing me from getting too aggressive or uppity
in the kiss... many guys, myself included, tend to try to take over kisses...
a macho sort of thing, I guess.  Well, I couldn't do it now, and my
submission only made my captoress more agressive in her kissing, finally
letting go. A few moments later, Madeline continued her play with me... with
a feather of some kind... and she began tickling me with it... right on my
hips, a VERY ticklish spot for me.  I began squirming, uselessly,
laughing all the while.  I couldn't cover the area with my hands bound
behind my back, and so I was helpless against the assault, with that damned
Enigma in my ears playing relentlessly, the languid music feeding into
my skull.

I laughed and laughed, knowing that, perhaps,
Madeline was getting excited by this.  But then, she stopped tickling
me.  And, it was almost as if she read my mind.  I felt a finger
press between my lips.  I opened it to suckle it, and I noticed a
distinct taste and scent on the finger. I had smelled and tasted this before, when Madeline
has had me crawl to her on the bed and pleasure her with my mouth, my tongue
delicately licking her clit.  Yes... she must have rubbed herself with
the finger... and thus my submission had to be exciting her, I thought,
as I licked and sucked the finger.

I felt a hand pat my head, as she withdrew the
finger from my mouth.... slowly enough that I moved my head in a vain attempt
to follow it... she teased it out, and then left my mouth empty, desiring
for a longer taste of her sex.  What I got instead was a sudden sharp
tug on my nipples, both at the same time. My manhood jerked involuntarily. 
I didn't need to see to feel how full it was, how bursting with desire
with release.  It felt like a lead weight between my legs.  And
I knew I would have to earn and beg for my release, if even I was granted
one.

I hissed from the nipple pulling and my cock's
response to it.  This deprivation of my sight, and the fact I could
not not even hear myself moan, continued to arouse me... almost by way of
compensation, I thought I felt things more intensely as a result... perhaps
that was my imagination, however. What was NOT my imagination, however, was the
next sensation I felt.  I didn't hear the sound of the latex glove
snap on her hand, but I did suddenly feel a rubber clad finger running
up the crack of my bottom.  Almost involuntarily, I pushed my butt
back against it.  Madeline seemed to enjoy my response as she pressed
her finger harder into the crack, right up against the opening.

I moaned, pushing harder, almost dancing on the
latex wrapped finger.  Madeline stopped and withdrew it, only to bring
it back a few moments later.  I felt something cool and moist on the
finger... I supposed it was some sort of lubricant.  It then stopped.

I felt the earphones come off, and then felt my 
hands come undone.

Madeline's voice came to me. "Keep your eyes closed and then open them slowly,
to get used to the light."

I then felt the blindold removed, my eyes shut. 
I gently started opening my eyes.  I began seeing details of her bedroom
take shape.

Madeline soon purred into my ear. "Now, lie down on your back.  I want
to watch you watch me take you, Robert."

With a moan, I fell backwards onto the bed.  
My eyes found my captoress' and she smiled down on me, a hand clearly visible in the crack
of my butt... indeed, she had been stroking me there with a finger.

"Now... time to get what you want, Robert... and
I want to hear every moan and every cry as I fuck your cute little ass with my finger."

She spread my legs apart, getting easier access
to my butt.  Madeline slowly began working the finger into my ass,
my cock inches from her head. She smiled, and then licked the cockhead
delicately, as she continued to open me up wide with her finger.

"Beg me pet.. Beg me to lick your cock." she rasped.

"Oh please Lady Madeline... please lick
and suck my cock... please give me release."

I continued pleading in this way for a couple
of minutes, Madeline still licking her lips over my manhood while continuing
to wiggle her finger into my ass, going deeper with it, rubbing against
my prostrate from the inside... making me add moans to my pleas to Madeline
to suck my manhood. Madeline never verbally responded to  my pleas,
but gently began slipping my cock, oozing with precum, between her lips,
sucking on it gently at first, and then more forcefully, sucking in time
to the finger fucking.

"Gaaaaaaaaahhhhhh!" I started to moan, wiggling
my ass, dancing it on her invading finger.  Madeline looked to me
with a smile, sucking harder and faster, her finger pumping and out of
my ass.  The sensations were incredible.  Penetration was an
intimate act indeed... for the receiver as well as the one who penetrates,
a fact that most guys do not fully appreciate.

I was fully appreciating it, now.  My cock
quivering in her mouth, close to release... feeling the absolute bliss of
her finger inside me... I was assaulted with the pleasurable sensations
in my lower half of my body...my hands clenched the sheets.

"Lady Madeline... Lady Madeline" I moaned. 
"I'm going to come!"

She took my cock out of her mouth, smiling. "How badly do you want to come, pet?"

I groaned and hissed. "Please Lady Madeline... SO much... please let
me come.  Please let your pet have release..."

She seemed amused at my pleas and finally responded. "All right pet... you may come... but you thank
me as you do... You may come... NOW."

I groaned and strained, finally letting myself
release into Madeline's mouth.  As the torrents released, I did as
she ordered.  As I came, she thrust her finger in and out furiously
and hard, wiggling her finger in and out of me. "Oh thank you Lady Madeline... thank you for letting
me come... thank you for letting your pet come... oh thank you thank you
thank you."

I bucked my hips slightly as I released, my come
dripping down the sides of her mouth a bit sloppily.  Finally, I stopped
releasing, and Madeline pulled her finger slowly out of my ass with an
audible pop. She leaned her face up to me.  I almost,
but not quite steeled myself for her next request.  I had never tasted
myself before, and this was going to be a first.

"Pet, please be a dear and clean my face up,
will you?  Can't do to have a messy face, now."

Madeline grinned evilly as I leaned my head up
and tentatively began licking my gooey come off of her chin and around
her lips.  Finally, she kissed me on the mouth.

"Did you enjoy that
Robert?  Having your senses blocked, not knowing what was going to
happen to you next?  Submitting to me in that way?"

I nodded as I stood up and Madeline checked I
was hale and hearty.  One of her interesting traits... she always makes
sure her subs are all right, mentally and physically.  It sort of
puts paid to the notion of the whip cracking Dominatrix who cares not a
fig for the slave at her feet.

"Yes ma'am.  I did, thank you for introducing
me to it... it was so intense."

Madeline smiled to me, and I quickly dressed. 
It was, alas, time for me to go, again.  As she walked me to her front
door, she kissed me and then whispered deliciously into my ear. "Next time pet, we'll make your butt a little
more... full."

I shuddered and smiled, walking out into the
night, already anticipating with delicious fear and dread of my next encounter
with Madeline.
