---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Chain Ladies Tea Society
authors:
- Budman
tags:
- F-m
- F+-m+
- bond
- chastity
- pegging
- tease
- denial
- ruin
- cons
- X
date: 2023-09-30 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 7 – Learning to Ruin

Paul was coming along nicely. Each new level of submission that Dee introduced was absorbed into their weekly lives without complaint. Paul seemed happy and productive both at work and at home. Dee was certainly happy, what’s not to love, Paul did all the cooking, dishes, cleaning, laundry, and yard work without complaint. He helped Dee shower, washing her back and toweling her off before laying out her nightgown. He fixed her breakfast and helped her get ready for work before heading off to work himself. And best of all, Dee got all the foot rubs, back rubs, and oral sex she wanted. In fact, Dee was getting off about twice as often as she had before she and Paul had embarked on their FLR.

The Sunday Tea following Paul’s ‘walk in the woods’ was an interesting program. Carrie was again giving the program, with her husband Malcom and two other volunteer couples that Carrie had recruited. Carrie was one of the more experienced dominants in the Tea Society and presented programs often. Dee remembered Carrie from her very first meeting when Carrie gave a program on pegging. This time the program was on ruined orgasms. Dee was fascinated! In spite of all her internet research, she had never even heard of a ruined orgasm.

“Ladies,” Carrie began, “I know that many of you don’t think your boys should ever have an orgasm. Others of you use orgasm as a reward. Some of you misguided ladies even think your boy should orgasm on a regular schedule.” This last comment drew a round of gentile laughter.

“But, however you handle orgasm control, I think we can all agree that the sticky mess, sometimes called a ‘wet dream’ or more correctly a ‘nighttime emission’ can be a disaster for our sheets.”

“Let them sleep on the floor!” one Lady commented.

“I prefer a cage in the basement!” added another to more laughter.

“I know, I know,” Carrie continued, “but some of us like a warm body in bed, especially in the winter. And if you do, then a solution to avoiding the sticky mess is the ruined orgasm.”

“Most of you were here about a month ago when I did a program on pegging. At that time, I gave Malcom an orgasm by prostate massage alone. That time I did it by pegging, which is my preferred method simply because I love to hear him squeal as I ram a three-inch-thick silicone dick up his ass.” That brought Carrie another round of laughter and caused Malcom’s face to turn red.

“It should be noted,” Carrie continued, “That Malcom’s last orgasm was the one you witnessed over a month ago. Malcom sincerely hopes that someone has a great idea for another program I can do soon!”

“Carrie should go into standup.” Dee commented to Julie.

Carrie had her husband lay on the demonstration table face up and pull his knees up to his chest. She took out her phone and used the UCDm app to turn off Chaste mode, allowing Malcom to become erect, something that began almost as soon as his brain realized his wife/dom had her phone out. Carrie then put on latex gloves, intentionally making a loud “Snap” with each glove.

“Lots of lube is essential to any anal play.” Carrie stated, adopting her ‘instructor’ voice as she spread lube from a pump bottle liberally on her right hand.

“Most of you know how to find the prostate but if you aren’t sure there are some good YouTube videos on the subject or feel free to come up after the program, I have lots of gloves!” As Carrie said this most of the audience couldn’t see Malcom’s face, but those at the head table who could witnessed his worried expression.

Carrie continued her comedy routine by holding up her right hand with the middle finger extended in the classic “fuck you” sign and adding: “Ladies, what I’m going to do now is give my boy ‘the finger.’

And with that Carrie unceremoniously stuck her middle finger into Malcom's ass. He groaned.

“Now remember Ladies, as I said in the pegging program, I’ve spent years training Malcom to come from just anal stimulation. The trick is massaging the prostate slowly and deliberately with the ‘come here’ finger motion that also feels so good when used on our ‘G’ spots.”

Malcom was now fully erect and throbbing. His penis was bobbing slightly with each stroke of his wife’s finger. She kept this up, slowly and deliberately for about five minutes then said, “It’s important to watch the tip of the penis VERY carefully. It’s usual for there to be a few drops of watery pre-cum on the tip, but the minute you see any actual ‘flow’ of emission accompanied by any rhythmic pulsing of the scrotum or penis, IMMEDIATELY and quickly withdraw your finger and enjoy the show.”

With this instruction, Carrie leaned over and whispered something in Malcom's ear that only he could hear and within a minute Carrie jerked her hand away and stepped back. Malcom’s penis was pulsing wildly but there was just a steady watery flow of milky liquid from the tip of his penis. It rolled slowly down the underside of his penis. There was barely enough to make it to the tabletop.

“It’s usual for his ‘emission’ to be watery and thin. You also shouldn’t see it spurt out the end – if it does you didn’t stop soon enough. If in doubt, it’s always better to stop too soon and then continue than to actually give your husband an unintended orgasm.”

Carrie continued in her instructor voice, “Remember, I’ve trained Malcom to do this. But I recommend that you use prostate massage along with the other methods you will learn in a minute, both because it will start training him for an anal orgasm and because it’s demeaning and helps keep him in a proper subspace.

Carrie handed her husband a small towel and told him to clean up and kneel beside her while she waited for the applause to die down. Then she introduced Sunni and her husband.

“My demonstration won’t take nearly as long,” Sunni explained in a thick Indian accent. She positioned her husband on the table just as Malcom had been.

Someone had run an extension cord from an outlet near the house and Sunni plugged in what was obviously a Hitachi Magic Wand vibrator.

“I like to get this over with as fast as possible and with a minimum of mess. I’m not even going to bother removing his chastity cage.” Sunni explained. “Why would I, he doesn’t need to get erect to flush his prostate.”

She then pressed the vibrator to her husband’s perineum (that area between the scrotum and the anus) and turned it on high.

“The trick,” Sunni explained, “is to use a strong vibrator on high, press hard and, as Carrie explained, don’t take your eyes off the tip of his penis even for a second. Some men find it very uncomfortable to have a vibrator on high, pressed against their testicles, especially when their testicles are trapped against the ring of their chastity device. Frankly, I don’t care.”

“As I said, this won’t take long.” Sunni added while staring intently at her husband’s penis. Sure enough, within minutes her husband’s hips were rocking and a few seconds after that the vibrator literally flew back and was turned off. A slow drool of thick white liquid formed a rivulet down the bottom of the penis to a robust round of applause.

Not giving her husband even a moment to enjoy the moment or any opportunity to clean up Sunni said, “Go get Carrie and I some tea, NOW!” and her husband scrambled off, his penis still slowly dripping.

“That was much faster than I expected!” Dee said to Julie as Sunni’s presentation ended.

“Yea, Sunni’s pretty much a no-nonsense dominatrix.” Julie replied. “Have you met her yet, do you know her story?”

“No, this is the first time I’ve noticed her.” Dee replied.

“Well,” Julie said, “You should probably try to sit with her next week and let her tell you the whole story but as I understand it, she was raised in India, her parents arranged her marriage. She didn’t love him, didn’t even like him, didn’t want to marry him. After they were married, he was hired as a metallurgist at Chain Manufacturing, and they moved to the States. She had to wear traditional clothing, was rarely allowed out of the house and then only when escorted. She was miserable. Mrs. Wainwright found out about Sunni’s situation and let’s just say she helped Sunni ‘fix’ it. His status back home is reliant on his being a success in America, but Mavis explained to him that everything from his green card to his bank account was dependent on her and therefore on Sunni. Let’s just say that it changed their relationship. Sunni still hates him, but at least now she’s in control. And can you imagine what his family in India would say if they saw photos of him, naked, wearing a chastity cage, on a table dribbling cum! You know, I don't think I’ve ever even heard his name.”

The next demonstrator was Bobby who, as she positioned her husband on the table sideways to the audience, said “this is going to be a demonstration of a much more traditional method of ruining an orgasm. “Mavis dear, may I have the key?” Bobby asked as she took the key for her husband’s chastity cage from the basket used to hold all the attendees’ keys.

Trip was a teamster; he drove a four-axle dump truck for a local grading company. He was a large man, about 6 foot five inches and his entire body was ripped. Bobby, on the other hand, was just under five feet. She could fit under his armpits. Their ‘thing’ was that, instead of Trip being led behind her by a leash, he would carry Bobby around like a doll against his naked chest and place her gently in a chair or on her feet when they arrived somewhere. They were deeply and obviously in love. She was a loving but very firm dominant. He was completely submissive and devoted to her. But don’t make the mistake of underestimating him. Another trucker had laughed at Bobby’s size at a company party and a single punch broke his jaw in three places and sent him through a window. Mavis paid his bail and made sure he got off with community service.

“Unlike Carrie and Sunni’s demonstration, this WILL take a while so once I finish my explanation, feel free to continue with your tea and conversation as I work on this shaft here.” Bobby said.

And a ‘shaft’ it was! In most cases because the men were almost constantly in chastity, it was hard to determine size. But as soon as Bobby released her husband Trip from his cage he started to grow, and grow, and grow.

Dee couldn’t help herself, “How big IS he?” she shouted out. Some of the women who had seen Trip unsheathed before laughed at Dee’s reaction.

“He’s about 7 inches and usually about 3 and a half inches around. Yea, it’s a good thing neither of us is into small penis humiliation.” Bobby laughed and the audience laughed with her. Trip meanwhile just grinned.

Bobby stood behind the table and reached over Trip’s waist to grab the massive shaft. Her hand appeared tiny wrapped around it. She started ever so slowly stroking Trip’s penis. After a while she started just using one finger to rub the tube lightly up and down. Then she would hold the shaft at the base and, using a different finger she made circles around the head and at the base of the head. After several minutes of this, Trip was rocking back and forth and visibly trying to hump his wife’s hand.

There was a loud SLAP sound as Bobby popped Trip on the ass. “Behave or I will just stop, demonstration or not, I’m sure the ladies here have got the idea by now!” Trip tried hard to stay still but Dee could hear him moaning.

“Ohhh, his balls just tightened up,” Bobby pointed out to the group, “he’s close aren’t you Trip?”

“Yes Ma’am!” Trip moaned.

Circle the head for a while, stroke the shaft with one finger for a while, rinse, repeat.

It went on for quite a while. Despite her fascination, Dee had looked away to take a sip of Tea when she heard someone say, “There he goes.” And looked back to see Bobby holding her hands up beside her shoulders and Trip dripping slowly on the table.

Bobby took a bow to another round of applause.

Carrie stepped back to the front to thank Sunni and Bobby.

“So you see ladies, you can be cruel, or nice, fast or slow, it doesn’t matter. The objective is to get that nasty cum out of the system with minimum pleasure.”

“I didn’t do it this time because I wanted you to be able to see his pitiful dribble,” added Sunni, “but I like to give his balls a few good wacks with my fist just as he starts to dribble to make sure he doesn’t enjoy it. He hates that, don’t you husband!”

Sunni’s unnamed husband, who had just returned with two cups of fresh tea, dropped to his knees, offered the tea to Carrie and Sunni and said nothing.

“Grab a towel and clean up Trip’s mess for Bobby while she puts him back in his cage,” Sunni snapped at her husband, “and be thankful I’m not making you lick it up!”

“Well, what’d you think?” Julie asked Dee.

“I can’t wait to try and ruin an orgasm with Paul!” Dee exclaimed. “But I can’t imagine being as cruel as Sunni, although I might try using a vibrator at some point.”

“Yea, from what I know of you guys, Bobbi’s approach probably fits your relationship better, but remember, sometimes it’s fun to try new things. And being ‘cruel’ doesn’t mean you hate Paul if it turns him on! Don’t be put off by the fact that Sunni actually does hate her husband.” Julie laughed.

“So how often do you ‘ruin’ one of Will’s orgasms?” Dee asked.

“Depends.” She replied. “I normally try to ‘drain’ him at least once a month but if and when he gets an orgasm, ruined or otherwise, depends on his behavior. If he’s been exceptional, I’ll let him fuck me with his penis. And if he’s been just OK, I’ll ruin him. And if he’s disappointed me then he gets nothing. And I don’t give in, and I don’t compromise my expectations of him based on his needs. It’s not about him.”

“Wow,” was all Julie could say.

The following week, Dee, Mavis, and Julie were talking at the Sunday afternoon Ladies Tea Society meeting.

“Dee darling,“ Mavis drawled, “do you think Paul is about ready to be introduced to the Ladies at Tea?”

Dee looked at Julie with an expression that said “what do you think?”

Julie replied to the non-verbal question with “It’s your call to make Dee, you know your man better than any of us, but from what you’ve told me, you’re both ready.”

“It’s settled then?” Mavis asked, still looking at Dee.

“Yes, yes it is.” Dee replied.
