---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Prisoner in Rubber and Bondage - Chapter 5: New Uniforms for the prisoner'
authors:
- rbp818
tags:
- F/m
- D/s
- rubber
- bond
- fem
- maid
- chast
- cons
- X
date: 2008-08-03 00:00:00
---

[continued from part four](prisoner_rubber4.html)

**Chapter 5: New Uniforms for the prisoner.**

“Your Number One Uniform will be worn when you are carrying out repairs and maintenance. Number Two Uniform will be worn when you are performing domestic duties. I need to make sure they both fit you properly and I need to become familiar with all the various fittings and attachments. If you are wondering what has happened to your Chastity Belt, then don’t worry; it is going away to be modified. Your cock and balls will be kept Restrained in a sheath and pouch, as I am sure I will get more work out of you if the vibrators aren’t keeping you excited. Your Catheters will be removed and you will be able to use the toilet whenever you need to. However demerits will be awarded if using the toilet interferes with your work. So things haven’t really changed, you just get a penalty for the privilege of being able to use the toilet at any time”

I could see Mistress had been thinking about these changes to my situation for quite some time. For her to have designed and ordered and then had delivered the two Rubber Uniforms, must have meant she was thinking about the change for at least two months. I guessed she had planned on having some of her fetish friends help her with my training, but the episode I had just been through had obviously changed her mind and she was now going to deal with me herself. I could only guess that her visits to the fetish clubs had brought about this apparent change in her character. She had no doubt seen how much pain and suffering a Submissive could take during the club floorshows and realised that she could be much more cruel with me without actually harming me. I could see I would have to perform at my highest level to avoid letting her try out her newfound streak of cruelty on me.

While my mind had been wandering, thinking about my new situation Mistress had released the Head Harness and removed the Stuffer Gag. She released the shoulder straps that secured me inside the Rubber Trousers and had released my cock and balls from the pouch and let the Rubber Trousers slide down to my knees. She had unbuckled all the Straps on the Rubber Strait Jacket unzipped the Rubber Hood and then opened the zip at the back of the Rubber Strait Jacket.

“You can get yourself out of the Rubber Strait Jacket and the Rubber Trousers then put them on the hanger and leave them hanging from the Bondage Frame. You’ll need them again tonight. When you have a change of clothes you will always put away any clothes that have been removed.”

“But first you will make sure they are cleaned and powdered. I shall allow you some time to do this, as I do not intend to be forever replacing your Rubber Clothing after all the money that has been spent on buying it. Now then let’s try out your working Rubber Uniform.”

She opened a box lying on the floor and pulled out a black, Shiny Rubber Suit. I could see the outside was made from SBR but the inside was lined with Red Rubber Hospital Sheet. It had a pair of Black Rubber knee high boots sealed to the legs and the Rubber Boots were unlined.

There were detachable protective covers fitted to the knees and the elbows, and the sleeves ended in a pair of fingerless gloves. The attached hood had quite large, round eyeholes and a round open mouth hole. She handed the Rubber Suit to me and I was stunned at the weight of it.

I realised the Rubber Boots added to the weight of the Rubber Suit, but I guessed it weighed about 8kgs. I could see that just wearing it would be an effort. But to be expected to work in it as well would be a very tiring ordeal indeed. Also the two layers of Rubber would soon produce some heavy sweating. Entry was through a full width shoulder zip, which I noticed could be padlocked. There was a tight, zipped pouch fitted to the crotch of the Rubber Suit for my cock and balls.

“Don’t just stand there looking at it prisoner, put it on so I can see how well it fits you, and you can discover what a nice Rubber Uniform your Mistress has designed for you. There is a Rubber Harness to wear with it to carry your tools and bits and pieces, because a tool belt worn round the waist will in time wear away the Rubber coating and ruin the Rubber Suit. You will of course be able to work outside whatever the weather, as it will be quite waterproof, so there will be no days off because it is raining. So if I hear any complaints about having to work outside in the rain, I’ll make you wear over the Rubber Suit a full length SBR Mackintosh, a pair of SBR Trousers and a SBR Sou’Wester. Then you really will have something to complain about. The knee and elbow pads are replaceable, and you will always wear heavy Rubber Gloves to protect the fingerless Gloves on the ends of the sleeves.”

I opened the shoulder zip and gathering up the top of the Rubber Suit I pushed my legs down inside the Rubber Suit and my feet slipped into the close fitting, attached Rubber Boots The Rubber lining was smooth and cold against my bare body but I knew that would change once the Rubber Hood was fitted on and the Rubber Suit was zipped up. I slipped my arms into the sleeves and pushed my hands into the fingerless gloves fitted to the ends of the sleeves. Mistress pulled the hood over my head and closed what I now realised was a Wet Suit zip, across my shoulders. I could see fastened to the outside of each arm from the shoulder to the wrist and each leg from the waist down to the ankle a series of round, steel rings, about two inches apart, and they were fitted in a horizontal position. Mistress worked my cock and balls out through a tight hole in the crotch and pushed my cock and balls inside the tight pouch and closed the zip. She dropped the Rubber Strap Harness over my shoulders.

A wide Rubber Waist Belt with tool pouches attached to it was buckled tightly around my waist. Two Rubber Straps fixed to the front of the Waist Belt passed either side of my tightly encased cock and balls and went between my legs and were Buckled tightly to the back of the Waist Belt. A wide Rubber Strap attached at the front and back to the shoulder Straps was Buckled tightly around my chest underneath my armpits to prevent the shoulder Straps slipping off my shoulders. Mistress carefully fitted Padlocks through all the Buckles and clicked them shut. The pins on the Buckles were flat strips and had a hole in the end of them and passed through a slot in the Strap. This made padlocking each buckle very simple. A thick Rubber Collar was secured around my neck with three small Straps and Buckles secured with a single Padlock at the back. This was done with a long pin with a head on one end that was larger than the hole in the Buckle pin and there was a hole in the other end of the pin.

The pin was pushed through the three holes on the Buckles and the Padlock was secured through the hole in the end of the pin. Fitted to each side of the Rubber Collar were large ‘D’ rings, and across the front of the Collar in 1½” chrome letters was the legend R.B.P. Mistress handed me a pair of thick industrial Rubber Gloves, which I put on and rolled the long cuffs up over the ends of the Rubber Suit sleeves. Now she Strapped, Buckled and Padlocked wide, thick Rubber Manacles around my wrists, which ensured I wouldn’t be able to remove the Rubber Gloves. A pair of wide, and thick Rubber Manacles were secured around my ankles and secured the same way as the wrist Manacles. Lengths of heavy Chain were now threaded down through the Rings attached to the outside of the sleeves.

One end of each Chain was Padlocked to a Ring on the side of the Collar and the other end of the Chain was Padlocked to a Ring on the wrist Manacle. Then she did the same with the Rings on the legs.

Padlocking one end of the chains to rings on the side of the Waist Belt, and Padlocking the other ends of the Chains to Rings on the ankle Manacles.

“Right, walk up and down a bit and get used to your new escape proof Working Uniform.”

I took a few tentative steps and the weight and restriction of the Rubber Suit, the tightness of the Rubber Harness and the weight of the Chains were immediately apparent, and I wondered how I could be expected to work dressed like this.

“This has all been designed to make life difficult for you, and to cause you suffering and distress while you are working for me. Not enough to prevent you from doing a good job but enough to remind you, just who and what you are. So just to remind you I’ll tell you who and what you are. You are of course my Rubber Bondage prisoner, and what are you, well of course you are a Rubber Bondage prisoner serving a life sentence of suffering and torment in my escape proof Rubber Bondage Prison. You can spend the rest of the morning getting used to your new Working Uniform, because once you are dressed and secured for work your Uniform will not be removed until the work is finished and that includes the night time as well as the daytime. So if a job takes you three days to complete then you will spend at least two nights secured into your Rubber Bed or one of the pieces of equipment in your lovely Prison Cell still wearing your Working Uniform. I suggest you get used to my idea of making you wear your Uniforms for very long periods of time, as I most certainly do not intend to spend endless hours every day dressing and undressing you. After I have had some lunch we will see how well your Rubber Maids Uniform fits you and you can discover what ideas I have thought up to make that Uniform difficult to work in. I shall be watching the CCTV from time to time so don’t think about having a rest, just walk about and move around like when you are working, and think of all the things I could have had done to your Working Uniform to really make life difficult for you. I have however allowed just one concession to ensure I get good workmanship from you. You will be able to release your Catheters yourself should the need arise, and then later you will be able to use the toilet normally when the catheters have been removed.”

It seemed my devious Mistress had thought of everything to make my life as difficult as she possibly could. I wondered if I would be able to stay submissive to her now I was aware of her intentions.

But I couldn’t see any way out of this new life she was putting me into. I was a securely restrained Rubber Bondage prisoner in her escape proof Rubber Prison. Deep down I knew it was what I had always wanted and I hoped it would in time become more acceptable as I settled into some sort of regime with my new Rubber Mistress.

I spent the rest of the morning walking up and down my Prison Cell and getting used to moving about in my new Working Uniform. I had to admit that it was comfortable to wear. It was neither tight nor loose but had been cleverly cut to allow movement without losing any of its restrictive feel. I soon got used to the weight of the Rubber Suit and the Chains on my arms and legs and realised that the rings kept the Chains out of the way and wouldn’t impede me when I was working, but at the same time I was always aware of my very secure Bondage. Dressed and secured like this I could see there was no possible way I could just walk out of the house. The Rubber Suit crackled and rustled every time I moved.

The Chains made a constant clinking noise as they moved against the rings down my arms and legs. Mistress would hear me a mile away and would certainly be able to move a lot faster than I could.

I would be hampered by the Rubber Suit and the Chains, and I wondered what would happen when I had to do work outside the house, but I felt sure she would have thought about that and would have some further means to keep me secure.

Mistress eventually came back dressed fully in Rubber Boots, Rubber Stockings, a Rubber long sleeved blouse and over this she wore a knee length Tabard made from Red Rubber hospital sheet the same as the lining of my Rubber Suit.

There was a pocket on the front of the Tabard and I could see a stiff covered book poking out of the pocket. She stood for some time looking at me.

“So what does my Rubber Bondage prisoner think of his new Uniform? Be careful how you answer my question or you may earn your first demerits.”

She tapped the book in her Tabard pocket with her hand.

“It is all ready for you and when you’ve changed your Uniform I’ll leave you a copy of my demerit system. It will explain how demerits are awarded for each fault, error, and mistake or for whatever reason, or even no reason. It will vaguely explain about the Punishments and how you can remove your accumulation of demerits. An easy Punishment will remove only a few demerits, but a severe Punishment will remove a lot more demerits. My Prison is quite democratic, the prisoner is allowed to choose which Punishment he wants, no I’ll reword that, which Punishment he wants me to apply, provided it can be completed in the time available. However when you have read the document the system should become quite clear to you.”

Mistress started unlocking all the Padlocks and I was surprised to discover they were all keyed alike but with a magnetic key. She just rubbed the key along the body of the Padlock and it clicked open. She used the same key for all the Padlocks, the large ones used to secure the Chains and the small ones used to secure all the Buckles.

“Clever isn’t it prisoner, stops you trying to pick the Padlocks when I’m away, and if you try to tinker with them with another magnetic source they double lock, which means I have to pass the key over the Padlock twice to release it so I will know if you’ve been tampering with them. You can get yourself out of your Rubber Harness and Rubber Suit while I’m sorting out your Rubber Maid Uniform.”

With some struggling I managed to unbuckle the Harness and with even more struggling I managed to get myself out of the Rubber Suit. I put both items on hangers and hung them on the Bondage Frame. Mistress meanwhile had unpacked from another box an assortment of Rubber Garments, Manacles and Chains.

She handed me a pair of thick, full length Rubber Stockings with the instruction to ‘put these on and pull them right up to the tops of your legs’. When I had the Rubber Stockings on to her satisfaction she fitted around my body a heavy, boned Rubber Corset. It covered from below my hips up to my armpits. Around the bottom of the Rubber Corset were eight Suspenders to keep the Rubber Stockings firmly in place. The top of the Rubber Corset had a built in false bust about a 40 DD size. She pulled it around my body and clipped together the front busk fastening. She pulled a Leather cover over the fastening and secured it with a zip along one edge and fitted a small Padlock through the zip runner. She then proceeded to tighten the back lace. She kept pulling and adjusting the lace until I was finding it difficult to breathe. When she finally made the edges of the Rubber Corset meet in the middle of my back she tied off the lace then zipped a panel over the lace completely concealing it and then Padlocked the zip runner. I was amazed at the weight of the false breasts as they were making me lean forward.

Mistress noticed I was feeling the weight of the false breasts with my hands and she gave a short laugh.

“Yes they are nice and heavy aren’t they prisoner. They are filled with lead shot which makes them flexible and there is just a bit of give when you squeeze them.”

“But they will be a constant reminder that you are dressed as my Rubber Maid, and I firmly believe that Rubber Bondage prisoners dressed up to look like a Rubber Maid should have a pair of sagging false Breasts. My visitors when they see you will know right away that you are not a female Rubber Maid, but a Rubber Bondage prisoner who has to be ridiculed and humiliated. I think you will prefer to wear your Rubber Working Uniform much more than your Rubber Maids Uniform, because it will restore just a little of your masculinity. But you should realise you won’t have that many jobs to do which will require the wearing of your Rubber Working Uniform, which means you will be wearing your Rubber Maids Uniform most of the time, so you can expect plenty of ridicule and humiliation, and a lot of hard labour and toil to complete all the domestic duties I shall be giving you to do.”

Then she attached the Suspenders to Rubber pegs moulded into the tops of the Rubber Stockings. She handed me a Rubber Hood with open eyes and nostril holes but no mouth opening. The back of the Rubber Hood was closed with a lace and there was a zipped panel to conceal the lace. I pulled the Rubber Hood over my face and found there was a built in tongue gag. This slipped neatly into my mouth and sat on top of my tongue making any attempts to speak impossible. Mistress pulled the edges of the Rubber Hood together and drew the lace tight pulling the Rubber Hood tight around my head and around my face especially across my mouth.

This made sure I couldn’t push the Gag out of my mouth but allowed me to breathe through my mouth through some small perforations around the seating for the Gag. She tucked the ends of the laces behind the tight lacing and zipped up the panel, which made sure there would be no chance of tampering with the lacing, and secured the zip runner with a Padlock. Mistress handed me a pair of Black Rubber ankle Boots with a 4” heel.

“Put these on and make sure they are laced up good and tight, and tie the laces off at the back of your ankle.”

I slipped my feet into the Rubber Boots and realised they had been made to measure. I now discovered just how tight the Rubber Corset had been laced as I found it extremely difficult to bend forward and thread the lace through the eyelets. After a lot of effort I was able to carefully tighten the Boots around my feet and ankles. The fit was perfect but I could see some problems arising with the high heels.

I tied the laces behind my ankles and Mistress quickly strapped a pair of thick Leather Manacles around my ankles and secured them with padlocks. The manacles concealed the tied laces and made sure there would be no possibility of releasing the laces until the manacles were removed. Next she handed me an open ended, Rubber Sheath with an attached Rubber Ball Bag and a large wide flange fitted to the opening.

“Put this on and let your Catheter come out through the opening in the end of the Rubber Sheath, and make sure your balls and ball sac are right inside the Rubber Bag.”

I slipped the Rubber Sheath over my cock and made sure my balls were inside the Rubber Bag. Then Mistress slipped a heavy padlock in front of the Rubber flange around the root of my cock and balls and clicked it shut. Attached to the body of the padlock were two long lengths of Chain with rings fitted to the ends, which hung down between my legs to my ankles. The tight fit of the padlock hasp made sure the Rubber Sheath and Rubber Ball Bag would stay securely in place keeping my cock and balls encased in Black Rubber.

She buckled a wide Leather Strap above and below my knees, and more padlocks made sure I couldn’t remove them. Then she passed the ends of the cock and ball padlock Chains through rings fitted to these Straps. She then bent down and slid a length of Chain through the rings on the ends of the cock and ball Padlock Chains and then padlocked the ends of the Chain to the ankle Manacles.

“That’s all your Bondage will be, but I’m sure you will agree it is enough for you to be reminded constantly that you are my Rubber Bondage prisoner.”

“You will need your hands and arms free to be able to carry out your cleaning and other duties, and you will have to learn how to overcome the other problems you will have when you are fully dressed in your Rubber Maids Uniform.”

She handed me a thick, heavy Rubber Petticoat with a high, round neck and wide shoulders. I slipped it on and it reached to about my mid calf. It had been properly fashioned to accentuate the false bust of the Rubber Corset. Next came a pair of thick, tight fitting, elbow length Rubber Gloves. They reached to above my elbow and a Strap fitted to the cuff of the Rubber Gloves stretched them out tight up over my forearm and secured them above my elbows.

“Now to complete your transformation into my Rubber Maid here is your nice new and very convincing Rubber Maids Dress.”

She handed me a ankle length double thickness Rubber Dress with long sleeves, and a tall, stiff Collar made in the same way as my Working Uniform.

The outside was SBR and inside it was lined with red Rubber hospital Sheet. With some difficulty I gathered up the Rubber Dress and dropped it over my head. I slid my arms into the sleeves and let the Rubber Dress fall down over my body. It reached down to my ankles and the weight was amazing. It felt it was even heavier than the Rubber Working Uniform, but it didn’t have the arm and leg chains.

Mistress closed a short zip at the back of the Rubber Dress pulling the stiff Collar tight around my neck. The protruding false breasts had already made it difficult to see my feet unless I strained my neck and head forward, but the tight, stiff collar of the Rubber Maids Uniform Dress made it almost impossible to look down at my feet. The Rubber Collar I had worn with my Working Uniform was buckled around my neck and secured with the long pin and padlock. The Rubber Collar now concealed the zip and runner closing the neck of my Rubber Maids Uniform. By bending at the waist the small amount the Rubber Corset would allow I was able to see the floor in front of me. She closed the zips on the sleeves tight around my arms and a long, tapered Leather Gauntlet was placed around each wrist over the sleeve zips and four Straps and Buckles and a pair of long pins passed through the four Buckles with a Padlock to secure each pin. The Leather Gauntlets completed my secure, escape proof Rubber Bondage.

“I debated whether to make you into a proper Rubber Maid with a female Rubber Mask and a wig. But I felt you would be more humiliated with the false breasts, and dressed in a Rubber Maids Uniform. There is a White Rubber frilly waist apron for you to wear when you are serving my visitors and myself. At all other times there is a different Rubber Apron for you to wear. You can put on your normal Rubber Apron now and your Rubber Maids Uniform will be complete.”

Mistress handed me a Rubber item that seemed fairly innocuous, but as I opened it up I could sense it was quite bizarre. Unlike the Rubber Maids Dress, it was made from three layers of Rubber material. The inner layer was thick Black Latex, and the outer layer was thick White Shiny Latex, and sandwiched in between was a layer of Rubber Hospital Sheeting.

It was a triple layer Rubber Apron with a small frill in White Shiny Latex all round the edges. The lower part of this extremely stiff and unyielding Rubber Apron passed right around my legs and the edges met at the back of my legs. It had a high bib with a circular collar to go around my neck and rest flat on my shoulders. A single, wide strap to go down my back and press studs secured it to the wide built in waist belt that was also fastened with press-studs. I could see that walking was going to be very difficult, what with the weight of the Rubber Dress and the Rubber Apron and the cock and ball Chains and the ankle Hobble Chain, and now this Rubber Apron which almost totally enclosed my legs. Mistress was indeed making sure working in this Rubber Maids Uniform would really be a trial.

But the bizarre feature of this Rubber Apron, were the cut outs in the bib for my false breasts to protrude through. I slipped the Rubber Apron on and fastened the press-studs. My heavy, sagging Black Rubber encased false breasts poked through the holes in the bib and hung down over the Rubber Apron accentuating their prominence and making it quite obvious that they were false.

The weight of this Rubber Apron almost equalled the weight of the missing Chains.

Mistress started laughing, “I’m sure any visitors I have will be quite amused by your appearance, but I hope for your sake that your performance will do your new Rubber Maids Uniform full justice.”

“Now you can get used to walking and bending about in your Rubber Maids Uniform. I’m sure you will need some practice with the high-heeled Boots, and as you can’t look down very well that will also need some practise. In future I shall do very little as regards helping you to put on your Rubber Uniforms and applying your Bondage. I shall expect you to dress yourself in your Rubber Uniforms making sure all the Straps, Buckles and Manacles are fully tightened.”

“I shall only fit those items that it is impossible for you to do properly. Woe betide you if I find you are trying to have an easy time by leaving something with some slack in it. I can’t wait to make some entries in your demerit book and that is just the sort of thing that will earn you some demerits. Oh yes! Don’t forget to read the document about your demerit and Punishment system.”
