---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Rubber Submission
authors:
- Nightwish
tags:
- FF-m
- latex
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2004-03-10 00:00:00
---

Rubber Submission by Nightwish
*A man applys to an ad for a paid 'donation' and gets more than he
bargained for.*

I was reading a rubberist magazine when I first noticed the ad. It seemed
a little unusual for an advert for sperm donors to appear in such a publication
but, since other equally absurd ads can appear in sexually oriented magazines
I thought little of it. What did catch my eye, however, was the fact that
the donors were to be paid a fee, for each time that donated, if they were
found acceptable. I went to the E-mail address listed in the ad and filled
out the rather lengthly and odd  questionaire and simply let it slip
my mind.

After about a month I recieved a reply in the mail stating where and
when I was to show up for my appointment. I was fascinated. The day finally
arrived and I went to the designated address. It didn't seem unappropriate
that it was for eight o'clock in the evening, as many of the participants
would probably be at work during the day, but the building was not at all
what I expected. It was a two story ranch style home that could have not
looked less like a medical building, except for a miniscule plaque next
to the door. I ascended the steps and rang the bell. I was greeted by an
older gentleman who asked my name. When he was satisfied that I was expected
he pointed to the staircase and said I was to wait in the first office
on the right. I proceeded to the second floor and opened the door to find
a very traditional looking doctors office. Everything was in perfect order
as I investigated the documents on the wall, and an unusual lot they were.
Degrees in medicine, psychology, and exudent outstudies (whatever that
was). The doctor certainly had been well educated. A few moments later
she entered the room.

Her persona dominated the office immediately. She was very attractive
and formal looking. Her hair was pulled back which gave her a severe contenance,
and the dark rimmed glasses led one to believe she was indeed astute. She
wore a white labcoat over a black turtleneck, and what looked like high
black leather boots with a modest heel. She introduced herself as Dr. Louise
Rankin and held out her hand. I took it hesitantly as she had on surgical
gloves, and I knew the handshake would be an instant turn on for me. She
explained a little of what her work was about but I seemed not to hear
her until she told me to go behind the curtain and change, and then meet
her across the hall.

As I heard her close the door I swore I heard a faint chuckle, but dismissed
it. I took off all my clothes and was pleased to find that the gown was
not one of the usual kind that gave you a draft in the back. It was odd,
however, as it seemed to have snaps everywhere. At any rate I slipped it
easily over my head and found it came to my knees. I stepped into the provided
paper slippers and went across the hall. As I entered the next room, I
again was taken back. This room was unusual too, although it was clinically
white the lighting seemed subdued. There were various unrecognizable objects
stored in a large glass case on one wall and a large mirror on two others.

The doctor then came over and turned me around, removing a small portion
of the back of my gown. (now I knew what the snaps were for) She attached
electrodes for my heartrate and respiration. I thought it was a little
unusual for these to be attached to my back but after all she was the doctor.
In the center of
the room was a most strange examination chair. It looked more like
something out of A sci-fi movie. It was heavily padded and allowed the
occupant to sit almost upright with his legs slightly parted and raised.
It was obvious that it was for me so I sat in it. I immediately noticed
that it was covered in rubber! The doctor began talking but I was lost
in my own thoughts until I realized she had tightened wrist restraints
on me! They followed by ankle restraints and I began to get nervous as
she explained that this was necessary due to the unorthodox methods she
used in her work. She left the room and told me her assistants would be
in shortly.

I had little time to concentrate on my fate before they entered. They
were the most unusual of all. Two very tall women came into the room. They
looked like nurses but on closer inspection their outfits were unbelieveable.
They wore long red rubber gloves that covered their arms and red latex
stockings with white high heels. Their uniforms seemed to be made of rubber
too. I was about to ask a question when one of them produced a rubber ball
gag and put it securely in my mouth fastening it tightly around my head.
They stood on either side and undid the snaps on my gown to my waist, baring
my chest. Their red hands began to slide up and down eroticlly stopping
to play with my nipples. I immediately began to feel my erection rise.
They undid more snaps until there was only a small section right over my
crotch, as their rubber digits explored my legs and thighs. Finally they
took away the last piece and let my rigid member loose. They seemed very
pleased. They removed the section from behind me and I felt myself melt
into the warm rubber backing. I noticed to that the monitor on my vitals
had increased dramaticly. The pair stood at my feet and unzipped their
uniforms to reveal only a red rubber waist cincher underneath.

The taller of the two began to touch the other one, gently stroking
her breasts and kissing her neck. She let her hand travel down between
her legs and gently parted her lips, toying with her clit. I didn't think
I could get any harder but I seemed to while watching this display. The
two looked at me with some concern. One went to a drawer and produced a
small black ring. I hoped it was not what I thought it was but it was not
to be the case. While one firmly held my engorged member upright the other
slipped the ring to the base, virtually preventing me from orgasm. One
began to gently stroke my penis while the other removed my gag and inserted
her firm breast instead. I was delerious with pleasure. She got up on the
chair and leaned her vagina into my face, pulling me towards her sex so
that I could use my tongue. The second girl was busily assuring that I
stayed as rigid as possible by exploring my body.

Finally, when the one girl seemed satisfied she dismounted the chair
and both walked over to the glass case. Upon their return my gag was replaced.
One held a pair of rubber clamps which (as I feared) she placed on my nipples.
The other one had chosen a rubber cat o' ninetails whip that looked to
be made of rubber. She began to strategicly hit me, not hard but with just
enough force to make it uncomfortable. This continued for some time with
one using the instrment while the other concentrated on soothing the previously
affected area with her latex touch. My attention was so drawn that I had
not noticed that the doctor had returned. She gained my attention only
when she ordered them to stop, and remove the clamps.

My eyes watered as the circulation returned, but I could see that the
doctor had changed. Her hair was flowing free over her shoulders and her
glasses were gone. She was wearing the same boots but they were now fully
visible and came up to her thigh. She wore a supple leather bodice that
covered her from the top of her neck to her crotch. She also wore long
black leather opera gloves covered with her surgial latex ones. I realized
she was wearing the same outfit all along but it had not been visible.
She said something to the 'nurses' and they came and stood on each side
of me and removed the cockring. It seemed impossible for me to contain
myself any longer so I was ecstatic when they rested their hands on me
once moore. One nestled my testicles and massaged them gently while the
other deftly wrapped her latex fingers around my penis and began to stroke.
Slowly at first and then harder and with determined rhythm.

The doctor had been keeping an eye on my signs and knew exactly when
to step in, putting a glass tube to the head of my organ just as I exploded
in an incredible climax. They 'milked' me for several minutes until they
felt that I was completely exhausted. After the nurses left with my 'sample'
the doctor released my restraints. She said I was an excellent subject
as I was led back to the office, and implied I might be asked to come back.

I was thrilled but I wasn't sure I was physically up to it. She came
up behind me and wrapped her arms around my chest, letting them slowly
glide down between my legs as she kissed my neck. I began to feel stirrings
in my loins and she and I both knew I would return.

As I dressed she commented that next time the 'treatment' would have
to be a bit more intense to achieve the same reaction. I was about to ask
her what she meant by that but she had gone, leaving a check for the amount
promised in the ad. Leaving the house I hoped it would not be too long
before I got another letter. I continue taking my vitamins in hope that
I'll be 'up' to it.
