---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Bondage Barbie 9
authors:
- Anne Gray
tags:
- F/ff
- bond
- leather
- cons/reluct
- X
---

(story continues from [**Bondage Barbie 8**](bondage_barbie8.html))_

_Bondage Barbie 9 by Anne Gray_

_**Chapter
9 - "One Willing, One Not!"**_

_I
need not have been concerned about Beth, as I released her from the first
taste of real bondage she couldn't stop thanking me. After a long, warm shower
and a late meal we sat in the living room and talked into the night about what
I had done, her reactions to it, and what the future could hold for us both.
It was not long before we decided that she should move in with me, at least on
a trial basis._

_In
my amateur judgment, Beth's masochistic tendencies would come into bloom very
quickly and I started immediately to impose my will on her. I told her that
whenever I told her to do something it should happen instantly and then I
ordered her to drop the robe and come and stand with her back to me and her
wrists crossed. There was no argument and I knew I had been right._

_I
tied her wrists then led her into the playroom. Selecting a pear gag from the
dozen or so on the table I held it near her mouth and just looked at her.
Obediently she parted her teeth and I slipped the gag in place and buckled the
soft leather gag strap around her head. This, I told her, was the very least
she could expect any time I felt like it._

_Picking
a couple of items to take with me I lead her through to the master bedroom and
had her kneel on the bed. Pushing her forwards I spread her cheeks and pushed
in the butt plug. Pulling down the satin sheets I laid her on her back and
tied her ankles about 2' apart to the bottom rail. Undressing, I joined her in
the bed, pulled the bedclothes up over us both and reached for the dildo
before I turned out the light. She had never experienced a night like the one
that followed._

_Very
early the next morning I slipped out of bed leaving Beth sleeping in satisfied
exhaustion. Still bound and gagged she didn't budge as I dressed. My concern
was with Dawn who had been severely restrained for a long time and would
probably be in distress. She was, but just over an hour later I had her
washed, fed and firmly bound in a comfortable chair in the playroom.
Installing a gag I closed the bookcase opening to the hidden room and went to
wake Beth._

_Releasing
her from the simple but effective bonds I left her to shower and dress while I
made breakfast. Wearing the smart leather suit she was beautiful and I looked
forward to the days ahead.  After
the meal she left to start packing her belongings and to give her notice at
the rented apartment. On a month-to-month lease there would be no problems._

_Using
my SUV and her car it only took a couple of trips to move her clothes and
other personal possessions to my house.  After
lunch when we were both comfortably dressed in leather slacks she didn't
resist as I bound her wrists behind her back and her ankles together._

_Then
I explained about Dawn._

_Tied
as she was, if her reaction was anything except positive to the fact that Dawn
was not here voluntarily, I would have to adjust my thinking and she couldn't
stop me dealing with her. Again, my fears were groundless. Like many
masochists she had an opposite streak and soon convinced me that her being
able to practice my hobby on Dawn would just heighten the pleasure I gave her._

_There
was no time like the present to start so I untied her and showed her the huge
closet off the master bedroom where all my special outfits were stored. 
We each changed into one of my one- piece leather cat suits with wide,
tight belts and high-heeled boots. As I knew it would, everything fit Beth
perfectly._

_Dawn's
eyes went wide as we came through the entrance to the playroom and she
realized her problem had doubled. We discussed several bondage possibilities
until Beth asked if we could dress our captive in the same outfit I used to
initiate her yesterday. I agreed, but we would finish it differently._

_With
two of us the job went rapidly and poor Dawn found that we could also get
things tighter. Enjoying ourselves we worked on the outfit until from the neck
down she was fully encased in gleaming black leather._

_Stretched
on the table her lower orifices were fully plugged, her arms immobile between
her shoulder blades and the stiletto heeled single boot clamped her legs
together. Each lace and strap was taunt with strain._

_Beth
was obviously remembering how she felt as I had forced her into the same
outfit and she kept caressing Dawn's leather covered body as we proceeded. I
inserted earplugs and started to work the rubber cap over Dawn's head then
Beth tucked in the hair that had escaped. I wasn't too surprised when she then
selected the largest possible gag that could fit in the girl's mouth._

_Removing
the temporary gag I gave Dawn a drink and then watched as Beth forced the new
gag between her teeth while I got the tape ready. She hadn't seen the nostril
inserts and watched as I worked them into place. No matter how tight things
got around her head they would keep the airways open._

_Reaching
for the kid leather discipline helmet we turned Dawn on her stomach and laced
it down the back of her head. The collar laced to the neck of the jacket and a
firmly buckled gag strap completed this part of the exercise._

_Going
to the equipment closet I selected a beautiful black leather dress. Lifting
Dawn's feet we worked the dress up her legs and then swung her off the table.
Holding her upright we pulled the dress up until we could pop her shoulders
into place. The knee length skirt clung tightly around her legs and instead of
sleeves the upper part was tailored to fit snugly like a pocket over her arms
bound between her shoulder blades._

_We
tucked the wide left lapel flap under and then stretched the right one across
to fasten from her waist to just under the left collarbone with gold buttons.
A matching set of false buttons ran up the right side of her chest. The high
collar closed around her neck and I buckled three small straps on the choke
band under her chin. The top of the collar folded down over the band and was
held in place by two more gold buttons at the points._

_There
were three gold fasteners at the front of the waist belt and we buckled them
tightly then moved her over to sit in a chair with no back. 
Instead there was a short metal bar which curved up into the small of
her back where it split into a V up the outside of her bound arms. This
allowed her to sit with her back straight and a strap around her chest held
her firmly in place. Two short straps went from rings on each side of the
waist belt making sure her rear end was tight against the bar._

_We
tied her booted ankles to the chair rung and added a decorative strap to look
as if it was part of the boot. From the closet I got a fitted jacket that
matched the dress. It was sleeveless but when I fitted it over her shoulders
and smoothed it in place Beth did up the front and buckled the waist belt._

_The
hood of the jacket came up over her leather-covered head to frame her face and
I fastened the closing under her chin.  Three
layers of leather molded to her body.  Sitting
rigidly she could only look at us with pleading eyes as we studied our
creation._

_It
was time to remind Beth of her position in our threesome so I told her to
strip and bring me a butt plug and dildo. 
As she knelt in front of me I parted her cheeks to slide the plug in
its nest then the dildo went in for its full length and I handed her a pair of
latex panties._

_The
cat suit went back on and she fastened it neatly pulling the waist belt tight
and then worked on the boots.  When
they were fully laced I handed her a pair of kid leather gloves, which she
pulled on and tucked under the sleeves of the suit. Using soft cord I bound
her wrist behind her back so the hands were palm to palm, then ran more cord
around her elbows to pull them securely together. 
From a drawer came the leather arm sheath and I worked it up over her
hands and forearms then nearly to her armpits._

_Lacing up the sheath I made sure it would not slip by
running straps from reinforced slots on each side of the top edge, under her
arms and back across her shoulders to fasten again at the top edge. 
One end of a crotch strap attached to the ring at the fingertip of the
sheath and I pulled it between her legs and buckled it to the waist belt._

_I led her over to a wheeled, backless stool that had a
padded leather seat and made her sit with her feet apart and against the front
legs.  Cord around her ankles held
them firmly in place and short straps around each thigh just above the knee
reinforced the leg bondage.  They
each had a handy D ring through it.  All
this time she had not said a word and now I made sure she couldn’t._

_The gag filled her mouth completely and I had to prod
with my fingers to get it behind her teeth. 
A piece of tape sealed her lips and this time I used the nostril
inserts.  Fifteen minutes later the
discipline helmet was tightly laced and attached to the collar of the cat
suit._

_The gag strap I used had an inverted V strap running up
each side of her nose, it joined at her forehead in to a single one that I
pulled back over her head and buckled to the top of the arm sheath. 
A strap under her chin kept the gag strap from riding up. 
The reinforced slots in the top of the arm sheath came into play again
as I ran straps from them, across her shoulders and down to the rings at her
knees._

_As I pulled on them she was forced to bend forward at the
waist putting extra pressure on the crotch strap between her legs. 
Cupping her chin I pushed up and further tightened the head strap from
the gag to the top of the sheath._

_She was done and I pushed her through to the master
bedroom positioning the stool beside the bed. 
I bought Dawn into the room and arranged her beside Beth. 
Loosening the hood of Dawn’s jacket I added a padded leather
blindfold and then fixed the hood back in place. 
Beth could not move her head as I put one on her too._

_Undressing and climbing into bed I read one of my German
bondage magazines to get some new ideas before looking fondly at my two guests
and turning out the light.  I had
not had much sleep the last few days and intended to make up for it tonight._

_They would spend the night, as they were – one willing,
one not – but both mine!_

_[story
continues in Chapter 10 - "Travelling Tied"](bondage_barbie10.html)



17.01.06

story continues in [**Bondage Barbie 10**](bondage_barbie10.html)

o0o
