---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/thebirthdaypresent.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Birthday Present
authors:
- SuziC
tags:
- Solo-F
- M/f
- drug
- bond
- rope
- gag
- saddle
- tease
- nipple
- naked
- swim
- toys
- oral
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2017-05-06 00:00:00
---

It was cooler and darker inside the barn, the light from the huge hanger like door only reached so far.

Our barn stretched the whole length of the back of the house with stable doors at one end and a makeshift office at the other. The light from the hanger door lit the middle of the barn where most of the tools were kept. I always loved being in the barn in summer, it smelled sweet from the hay kept for when Molly and Bess were inside. Today I could smell the saddles too, the earthy, rich smell of the leather. The two saddles stood side by side on stout saw horses, gleaming slightly, a deep chestnut brown.

I couldn’t hear Alex but I knew he was there working. The coffee mug was starting to get hot so I walked in and placed it on the tool bench along with the biscuits. Then I saw him, he was standing on a small box reaching up. My eyes had adjusted to the gloom and I could see he was pinning a cable across the wooden roof above him. We had known him a while but he had been alone when working for us this week and had become quite friendly with my husband Tom.

I watched quietly as he stretched above him, I couldn’t see the frown of concentration on his lean face but what I could see I enjoyed. His red t-shirt tight across his broad shoulders left a two inch gap between it and his dark green working trousers every time he clipped the cable in. His skin was pale there, unlike his forearms which were sinewy and tanned, but it was lean like the rest of him. I licked my lips and then called his name.

He had banged his elbow on a beam as he started at my voice and swore quietly but when he looked round he grinned. ‘Oh Penny, a coffee, great.’

I blushed slightly as he came close, glad of the dimness of the barn.

‘You’re nearly done aren’t you?’ I asked.

‘Yep. Just a couple of connections and should be all done before lunchtime. You’re going to be able to do anything you like then, even welding if you have to.’

‘Tom will be pleased to have it done before Easter.’ I looked round at the dusty old greying wood and big upright beams. ‘He’s been wanting some way to make this place better.’

Just then Tom appeared at the door casting a giant shadow.

‘Talking about me again?’ He laughed.

‘Maybe.’ I answered.

He was carrying my floral coffee mug. He placed it on the bench next to the biscuits.

‘I have to go out, I think I’ll be back for lunch, if not I’ll call.’

We kissed and he winked at Alex before slapping me on the behind and leaving. Moments later I heard the car start and he drove off pausing at the electric gates before whizzing off down the road. I wondered why he didn’t tell me what he was going to do. I trusted him so didn’t think anything of it as I reached for my coffee passing Alex his.

We spoke about what his plans were for the bank holidays, he mentioned family but not a girlfriend which I was surprised by. He was so gentle and friendly I would have thought he would have been snapped up. The air in the barn seemed to be getting warm and I pulled up my dark hair at the back of my neck to feel cooler. I only had on a thin dark blue cotton dress and my underwear but I was beginning to feel a little overwhelmed by the heat or something. I looked down at my feet in my strappy sandals and they suddenly seemed a long way off….

When I woke I tried to pull my hands down, I thought I had fallen asleep with them above my head, but they didn’t move. I opened my eyes frowning at the bright sliver of daylight to my right. I was instantly awake and made a muffled cry when I found I couldn’t speak.

I looked desperately around to see Alex watching me smiling.

If I hadn’t been supported I would have fallen to the ground. I looked down to see I was naked and screamed at him but couldn’t make much of a sound through the cloth in my mouth.

Looking up I saw my hands were tied together firmly, the rope continued upwards to loop over a beam and then was tied off on a beam at the side of one of the mangers for hay. Huffing in frustration I looked down. There was a rope around my neck but that was thankfully knotted so it couldn’t strangle me, the rope went round my shoulders and around my chest. My breasts were circled with rope making them stand proud, they ached slightly and I so wanted them rubbed. There were at least three strands of rope around my waist and from them two ropes led between my legs, tight and pinching my pussy slightly.

Alex had sat me on one of my own saddles and my feet were obviously tied to the stirrups. He must have lengthened them because my legs were nearly straight. I wriggled my hips and the feeling of the rope on my pussy made me moan. I couldn’t see my feet and also couldn’t move them so he must have roped the stirrups together beneath the saw horse.

I sat still, my heart pounding. I was frightened to move, the feelings were too intense.

I stared at you until you got up from the chair you sat in and came towards me.

‘Are you going to be quiet if I take that away?’

I went to reply but instead just nodded.

I held still until I could lick my lips and stretch my mouth.

‘You won’t get away with this. Tom will kill you.’ I spat.

‘I don’t think so.’

You smiled again and ran a hand over my nipples. I gasped at how sensitive they were. As I tried to pull away I felt the rope between my legs grip me and my stomach tightened with the stab of stimulation. You pinched my nipples then and I cried out. I closed my eyes and tried to stop the sensation from making my pussy respond.

My phone buzzed and my head snapped towards it. I pulled on the rope holding my wrists above me trying to get free but you picked up my phone.

‘That will be for you, here I’ll hold it up for you.’

You pressed the buttons and I saw Tom’s message flash onto the screen.

“I won’t be back for lunch, I’m a little tied up as I am sure you are by now! Lol. I am sure Alex will look after you. I’ve been spying on your computer so I know you’ll like what he does. Be a good girl.”

I flushed all over, I had been watching this kind of thing online for ages, how long had Tom known.

I watched as you typed a reply which he showed me.

“She’s awake and wet already, I’ll send you a photo.”

You stood back from me and the camera flashed in the dark illuminating me for a split second and making my eyes hurt.

‘It’s my Birthday today Penny. Tom said I could have you to myself. We’ve had a lot of talks, he knows how hard it is for me to find a girl into what I like. That’s how we got into a conversation about this. And look what I have now.’

You then ran a finger down my body and slowly brushing my pussy with the back of his hand.

‘Cat got your tongue?’ you asked.

I turned my head away but you took my face in your hands and spoke.

‘I can take as long as I like with you. You won’t be free of me until I have had enough of you. You will come for me and take me in your mouth.’

My heart turned over at your words and I tried to move bringing on another gasp and moan. I looked down away from you but that only excited me more. I saw my nipples standing proud and the dark stain on the smooth leather of the saddle. That stain would be there forever, I would be forever reminded of this day. I was a Birthday present. The thought of this brought another spasm which you must have sensed.

‘I promised I would finish this job so you just wait there for me. Don’t worry I know how long your arms can stand to be like that.’

You slapped my breasts lightly taking my breath away before walking back to the junction box and squatting down to get out some tools. I felt tears prick my eyes, I so wanted to be touched. I moved my hips slightly just so the rope pressed on my clit and tried to resist the urge to make a groan. I found if I swayed just a tiny amount from one side to the other it raised my excitement. I was becoming so wet the saddle was slick with my pussy juices which added to my fever. I couldn’t stop now and felt myself coming. I had my eyes closed and it wasn’t until I came down from my high, panting and shuddering, that I opened my eyes and saw you watching.

‘It’s your fault, the way you tied me.’ I cried out angrily.

‘I know. But you took advantage of it didn’t you?’ you dropped your tools back in the orange plastic box and snapped it shut. Walking past me you slapped me again, this time across my buttocks. You came back to the front of me and leaned close.

‘Think you can control yourself until I put this in my van and finish up Penny?’

I looked away ashamed.

When you came back in you flicked the switch and the new florescent lights came on. I felt so exposed now knowing the stable doors that faced the road were open. They were only small and the road traffic was almost nil with us being so remote but that didn’t help.

‘Now we need to test the ring main. What do you suggest, a drill or this.’

From behind your back your brought out a white object that looked like a microphone with a long white flex trailing from it. You walked to the nearest new power point and plugged it in. As soon as you switched it on I realised it was a vibrator like I had seen in the video’s. I had no idea anybody could buy them, I’d thought they were just used by screen actors.

I didn’t answer your question because I knew the answer as you advanced on me with it. I also knew as soon as I moved away the couple of inches I could that it was no use.

‘Please Alex!’

‘Please what.’ You grinned. ‘Make me come again? Is that what you want?’

I held my mouth shut and watched as the wand reached my aching breasts. The tingling vibrations were amazing but painful and although I swung about as much as I could not get away from them. Then they stopped and you leaned the wand on my hip.

‘Shall I turn it up?’

‘No please don’t.’

‘We’ll see.’

‘Aaahh… oh God. Oh fuck.’

My language deteriorated as my whole body hummed in response to the vibrations. I was straining to meet the wand in seconds and it took less than a minute for me to come again heavily. I was so exhausted that I ignored the pain in my wrists as I hung limp, nearly passing out.

You untied my ankles and gently let my arms down after that, taking me in your arms and laying me in some of the hay. I was too weak to object when you retied my hands behind me around the strong upright beam that I was leaning against. I felt a rope pulled through the bindings on my body and knew I was trapped against the post now. The rope around my pussy was feeling even tighter.

I watched as you undressed pulling the red t-shirt over your head and then running a hand through your short dark hair. You unzipped the work trousers and I could see the bulge of your manhood in the dark grey boxer shorts. You stepped out of them and stood in front of me, erect and so long.

‘Now how about my Birthday present, you’ve had your pleasure, it’s my turn. I know you like me, I’ve felt you watching me. Come on tell me how you feel about this Penny.’

‘I don’t know.’ I was close to tears again but it was more embarrassment than anything. I had been caught watching porn by my husband and now the electrician we’d known for ages had noticed me watching him. I’d known him when he was an apprentice, he was so much younger than I was.

‘Why do you want me?’ I asked.

‘Have you looked in the mirror lately Penny, since summer came with those dresses getting shorter and your walking about naked, who could resist?’

‘Walking naked! How would you know?’

‘You forget I arrive really early sometimes and park in the road so not to wake you. I’ve watched you coming from the pool, dripping wet.’

‘I never knew.’

‘Now you do, that’s why I talked Tom into this. He didn’t take much persuading though. Must be time for another photo for him don’t you think?’

I turned my head to the side as he took another picture this time with no flash as it was bright in the barn now. He put the camera onto the tool bench and then came towards me grabbing my face and making me look at him.

‘I want you to suck me off Penny, like I know you want to.’

I did, I had always loved to suck Tom off although he always stopped just short, coming all over my breasts or my pussy. I got the feeling Alex didn’t want that.

I began kissing you and running my tongue up the bottom of your cock to the tip. There was some moisture already on the tip which tasted ok and I then took the whole of you in my mouth. I sucked and massaged you, I would have stroked your balls but my hands were tied securely behind me. I rolled my hips as I sat on my knees repeatedly taking you all the way inside my mouth nearly gagging and then leaning back slightly as far as the beam would allow me. I felt your hands in my hair holding me closer to you. The feeling of being used rushed through me like an aphrodisiac and the more I sucked the closer I was to coming myself.

I felt you begin to tense, your grip tightening in my hair with one hand and the other pinching my aching nipples. Suddenly you exploded inside my throat with a hoarse cry. I could do nothing but swallow what was offered and I did, every drop, still sucking and breathing heavily through my nose. I moaned and held you in my mouth as I tensed against the ropes holding my pussy tight, I came again helpless against the bonds to more than just writhe. You squeezed my breasts and I called out your name.

You untied me then, kissing the lines made on my body as the rope was loosened. We said nothing to one another, I still felt a little shy, I had been taken by force after all.

When I was free you suggested a swim so we walked together to the pool.

I began to relax then and when you kissed me on the mouth I didn’t resist. You looked so handsome, wet and gleaming from the water. We got out and lay on the lawn touching each other and kissing. I was still sensitive and when your lips touched my thighs I shuddered. You gave me a long kiss and licked my pussy for just a moment before you loomed over me. I knew you were ready to enter me, I could feel your hardness against my stomach. Your dark eyes held mine as you slid in and out, we were both so turned on it took no time at all before you were thrusting like an animal and I was meeting your hips with mine. I felt my forth orgasm building and you sensing it thrust even harder making us both climax at the same time. I dug my nails in your back and cried out as the hot pulses shook me.

Alex was the one sheepish after our time on the lawn and stood up fairly quickly and took a shower using the solar shower on the lawn.

‘I have to call Tom.’ You said grabbing a towel I had left beside the pool.

I lay in the hot sun for another minute or two before deciding it was just too much. I didn’t know what to do but my clothes were in the barn so I had to go back in there.

The lights were still on and I saw Alex at the other end of the barn. He must have already phoned Tom because he was testing the other power points like nothing had happened. The only reminder was the two empty coffee cups and a plate of biscuits on the tool bench next to my phone.

‘Alex?’

He looked up smiling. ‘Yes Penny.’

‘Happy Birthday.’



26.02.14 | updated -
