---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/rubber_baroness1.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: The Rubber Baroness
authors:
- RubberH
tags:
- F/ffmm
- latex
- D/s
- drug
- capture
- bodymod
- mc
- conditioning
- slaves
- pony
- maid
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2009-08-31 00:00:00
---

**Part One**

The heavy rain made it difficult for Allen to see the road. It was
literally a curtain of water hitting the windshield. The wipers were useless,
yet he wouldn't stop.

Damn him!, Alice thought to herself. He couldn't leave on time. Now we'll
never get to the airport before our flight leaves! She looked at Betty and
Frank, who were sitting quietly in the back seat. They looked at Alice with
expressions of anger and yet, resignation to their fate.

It was only a month ago that the four of them left school for the summer,
and decided to travel Europe. Allen volunteered to do all of the driving through
Germany, since he was the most fluent in that language. But he was so damned
undependable! He decided to get drunk at that beer festival and he was out cold
until noon today.

"I think I see a light.", Allen shouted. Alice stared out the windshield.
She could at first barely see a lightpost and then eventually, a street
appeared.

Allen stopped the car in front of what looked like a tavern. There were no
lights in the window.

"I'm going to ask for directions." he said as he opened the door. The rain
whooshed in the car.

"Hey, hurry up and close the door, we're getting soaked!" shouted Frank.
He was pissed at Allen just about as much as everyone else. To top it off, now
they were lost! Never again in a million years were he and Betty ever going on a
trip with him. If it wasn't for the fact that Alice was Betty's best friend and
roommate, they would have taken off without them

Allen pounded on the door to the tavern. After several moments, a man
opened the door. Alice saw that the man was quite upset. Well sure. It was
nearly two in the morning! The man began pointing down the road, giving Allen
directions. Allen then returned to the car, soaking everyone again when he
opened the door.

"You know where we are now?" Alice said sarcastically.

"We're not too far off of the Autobahn that heads towards Munich.", Allen
replied. "All we have to do is take that road over there and we should be at the
airport....on time." He emphasized those last words.

As the car drove off, the man picked up a telephone and made a call.

Allen turned onto a narrow road. The rain had eased a bit, but it was
still too heavy to see clearly. They sped by a sign.

"What was that?" Frank said "What did it say?"

Allen thought for a second. "I think it said something about private
property. It must have meant..."

"LOOK OUT!" Alice screamed. Lying on the road were several large timbers.

The car hit the pile and, Allen lost control of the car. It skidded and
spun twice before running off the road and into a ditch. The car tipped over and
rested on its side with all four of the passengers stunned from the impact.

After several moments, Frank was the first to recover. "Betty, Betty...are
you ok?"

Betty pulled a blanket off of her head. "Yeah...I guess so."

Alice and Allen signaled that they were in one piece.

"Nice going asshole." Frank retorted. "Now what are we going to do?"

"It wasn't my fault..." Allen replied

"Oh shut up!" Alice had enough of Allen's excuses. "We're in the middle of
a downpour. We can't make our flight in time. But to make it complete, we're
lost."

"The guy told me to turn on this road."

"You sure he didn't tell you to take another road? You just thought he
said..."

"He pointed and said to take this one!" Allen was totally on the
defensive.

For several minutes everyone sat silently in the car as the rain continued
to pour.

"Somebody's got to get help." Betty said, breaking the dead quiet.
Everyone looked at Allen.

"Who, me?" Allen replied.

"You really don't want me to give you a reason, do you?" said Frank. The
anger in his voice was definitely noticeable.

"The rain's too heavy. I can barely see out there."

"Well, we're not going to sit in the car until the good fairy comes and
rescues us."

Just then, the headlights of a car came through the windshield. The door
opened and a figure trotted towards the stranded foursome.

"Thank God!" shouted Betty. "Help us, please."

The figure looked inside. "Are you all right? Is anybody hurt?" It was the
sound of a woman's voice... and in perfect English!

"I think so." replied Alice.

"Let's get you out of this rain. We can take care of your car later." said
the woman.

The driver's door was pulled open, and the four of them climbed out of the
car. The heavy rain soaked them immediately.

"Get in my car. You'll all catch your death." shouted the woman. She lead
them to a large black Mercedes limo. Alice looked behind her at their car. All
four tires were flat. In one of the tires was one of the timbers they had run
into. Large steel spikes jutted from the wood.

The woman looked at Alice. "Yes, we have had a lot of vandalism around
here. Some punks decided to have fun with the locals. Fortunately they didn't
kill anybody."

Alice got into the car with the woman close behind her. "Wait." Alice
cried. What about our things?"

Allen shook his head. "With all this rain I'm not going to try to search
for our stuff. We can try when it clears up."

"I don't have any other clothes.. and I'm soaked!" In fact, everyone was
drenched.

"I have a few things at home you can put on." said the woman "You also
look like you could use something to eat and drink.... and probably rest too"

"We haven't eaten since noon." said Frank "We've had to race all day to
get this far without stopping."

"Are you expected somewhere? If so, you can call them from my home." the
woman offered.

"Well, we were trying to catch our flight home. But it doesn't look like
we'll make it now."

"True, but you can get one later in the day. I'm sure the airline will
help you out."

Alice looked at the woman. She was bundled up in a black rubber raincoat,
with a wide brimmed rubber hat. All she could barely see was her face, which was
concealed by the large coat collar. But she could see her eyes which were a deep
blue. They locked on to Alice, and a slight smile appeared on the woman's lips.

"We didn't have a chance to thank you..."

"No need to thank me. I only wish I could have been there to prevent the
accident."

"I don't think there was anything you could have done. Anyway, my name is
Alice Millburn. This is Frank Turner, Betty Podasky, ...and this is Allen
Furgus."

The woman smiled. "It is a pleasure to meet you, even though I think the
circumstances are not too pleasant. I am Baroness Gretta Gummi."

"Oh wow! A Baroness!" Betty was always impressed by titles. "Nice to meet
you Gretta."

"Address me as Baroness." came her sharp reply. "In my home it is either
Baroness or Mistress."

"Sorry... Baroness."

"You're young, you'll adjust." laughed the Baroness.

Alice's hand rested on the seat of the car. As her hand touched the black
material, it felt different than any car seat she had ever been in. It wasn't
fabric. It seemed to stretch a bit as she pressed it with her fingertip. It
wasn't leather, but something softer.

The Mercedes stopped in front of a castle door.

"I will have my servants prepare rooms for you." said the Baroness.

"We don't want to put you out..." responded Alice.

"You're no trouble. Each room has a bath so all of you can take a nice hot
shower. My servants will take care of your clothing, and prepare dinner for
you."

Allen spoke up. "All we need is to call for help on the car, and to get us
to the airport."

The Baroness looked at Allen. Alice could now see the eyes stare right
through him. "I am offering you my hospitality young man. If I knew you were
going to refuse it outright, I wouldn't have even bothered picking you up."

Allen was dumbfounded. Alice quickly spoke up. "I'm sorry if you have been
offended Baroness. Please accept my apologies."

"Well, at least one of you has some manners." replied the Baroness who
looked at Alice and smiled. "He's forgiven my dear."

The Baroness got out of the car and motioned for the four to follow her.
They walked towards the front door. Before they reached the threshold, the doors
opened and a maid appeared. She helped the Baroness off with her coat and hat.
Alice noticed that the maid was dressed in a form-fitting uniform made of a
glossy black material. The maid's waist was incredibly small; maybe only fifteen
to sixteen inches.

Looking at the maid's face, it was unnaturally tan and it also seemed to
have a glossy appearance. Was it heavy makeup? If so, it made the servant look
like a plastic doll.

"The maid will take you to your rooms. I assumed that two will be
sufficient, or will one be all you need?" the Baroness said with a slight
chuckle.

"Two will be fine...." replied Betty then quickly added "...Baroness."

"Then I will join you after dinner." the Baroness walked toward down one
of the castle hallways.

The maid began to walk up the stairs, then stopped at the landing. She
didn't say a word, but waited for them to follow her. Alice followed, then came
Allen Frank and Betty. As the maid walked down the hallway, Betty nudged
Alice. "Look at those shoes!" she whispered. Alice looked down at the maid's
feet. The shoes had stiletto heels at least five inches high.

"How the hell can she walk in those?" Alice whispered to Betty. As she
watched, she also took closer notice of the maid's uniform. It not only was a
glossy black, but it was so tight fitting that she could see the crack of the
maid's asscheeks! Betty glanced at Frank who also was noticing the maid's
rear.. too closely. She jabbed him in the side with her elbow.

The maid opened the door to a bedroom and pointed to Alice and Allen.
Obviously this was their room. The maid then escorted Frank and Betty to the
room next door.

Alice looked around the room. The first thing she saw was the massive
canopy bed.

"Wow!" exclaimed Allen "What a place to get laid!"

"Do you have to be so crude?

"What? I just said..."

"Don't you have anything else on your mind?"

Allen grabbed her by the waist and pulled her next to him. "Right now... we
both could use a little.."

Alice pushed him away. "Not now! I mean it!"

Allen began getting undressed. Ever since they arrived in Europe things
weren't going very well between them. They hadn't made love in over three weeks.

She pulled off her wet clothes and immediately went into the bathroom.
She turned on the shower and quickly stepped inside.

"I suppose you wouldn't want some help?" Alice heard him say.

"When we get back home, we're through."

Allen entered the bathroom. He was totally nude, and he was realizing that
Alice wasn't kidding. He grabbed a towel and began drying himself off.

"You can't mean that..."

"I am.... If this trip has done anything, it’s made me realize that we are
totally incompatible."

"Everybody screws up... nobody's perfect Hon..."

"It's not because of today. It's everything that's happened over the last
year."

"Like what?"

"You have no manners... You don't want to learn what I like."

"Hey! I went with you to that Italian film fest..."

"...and made idiotic comments all through it. You have no style, no
class."

"You didn't mind the sex."

Alice looked at him. "I thought you'd at least try to concentrate on me."

"You faked it every time?" Allen asked sarcastically. "I don't think so."

Alice turned off the shower and opened the curtain. Allen offered her a
towel, but she took another one from nearby.

"You just don't get it.... All you wanted was the same old thing. I wanted
more."

"More what? How long do you think I can go...?

Alice walked back to the bed. She looked around.

"Now what?" Allen asked.

"Where's our clothes?"

Allen also began to search for their clothing. "I can't find them. What
the hell is going on?

"Didn't the Baroness say our things would be taken care of?"

"Yeah, but we can't go around like this."

There was a knock at the door.

"Yes" Alice responded. There was a second knock.

Allen went to the door and opened it a crack. Outside, the maid was
holding something in her arms. Allen reached out and the maid handed him two
robes.

"Danke" said Allen, but the maid did not respond. She turned and went over
to Frank and Betty's room with two more robes.

Allen closed the door and handed Alice one of the robes. Like the seat of
the car, the material felt strange, yet familiar to Alice.

As she put on her robe, Alice realized just what it was.

"Allllennnn...." she said with some trepidation. "These robes are made
of..... rubber."

Allen felt the robe, which was quite short. In fact, it barely covered his
thighs. He at first thought he had put on Alice's, but hers was even shorter.

"Sure as hell are. What's going on?"

The telephone in the room rang. Alice answered it.

"Aren't you two coming down?" it was Betty's voice.

"We can't come down. You should see what we were given to wear." responded
Alice.

"We got on a couple of rubber robes..."

"And you went down wearing nothing but those.?"

"Sure... Come on! You should see the spread that the Baroness has got
here."

"No Betty... not like this."

Frank's voice was now on the phone. "What's the matter... chicken?" he said
loudly.

Allen overheard the remark. He took the receiver and slammed it down. He
grabbed Alice's arm and pulled her toward the door. "Nobody calls me chicken."
he said angrily.

Alice tried to pull away. This was too weird! But Allen was too strong
and they went out the bedroom door; headed down the stairs and toward the dining
room.

The maid was waiting for them and pointed towards two places prepared for
them at the large banquet table. There, a large meal was waiting for them. It
was being served on fine china, accompanied by lead crystal and sterling silver
place settings.

Alice took a seat at the table. As she sat down, her robe came up and her
naked rear rested on the cushion. It too, was covered in rubber.

"Isn't this wild?" said Betty, who was already seated in one of the
chairs.

Alice was surprised that Frank and Betty were so unaware of what was
around them. "Don't you think this Baroness is a little too..."

"Kinky?" Betty responded. "Well maybe a little, but I thought you were the
open-minded one."

"Open-minded is one thing, but this is too much."

Alice said nothing the rest of the meal. She watched as Frank and Allen
devoured the food. She watched as Betty ate daintily, as if this was all quite
normal. However, Alice had to admit that everything was delicious and that the
Baroness was being incredibly hospitable.

"Has everyone been taken care of?" came the voice of the Baroness.

Alice looked to her right and saw a large figure in the entryway. It began
to walk towards the table and as it came closer, she saw something that
frightened, yet intrigued her.

The Baroness was wearing what appeared to be a rubber catsuit. Upon a
closer look in the light, Alice could see that she was wearing a combination
tights and boots. You couldn't tell where the tights began and the boots
started. (Were they one-piece?) The boots had six-inch stiletto heels. She was
wearing shoulder-length gloves that melted into a leotard-like top. What was
most interesting was that her midriff was bare which revealed a washboard-like
stomach and her large breasts were encapsulated by the rubber... her nipples
could clearly be seen!
Alice looked at Allen who was sitting next to her. She could see his cock
was rock hard from the sight of the Baroness. She looked at Betty and Frank.
Both of them had that same expression of shock... and arousal.

Alice looked at the Baroness again. As she came even closer, Alice could
see that she was a tall (at least six foot), extremely muscular woman... like a
bodybuilder! Her forearms seemed bigger than Alice's thighs! When she was
wearing that raincoat, Alice never realized what a powerful-looking woman she
was. She even made Frank the football player, look puny!
"I trust that everything was to your liking?"

"Umm, yes... yes. Delicious." Alice stammered.

"I want you to try this." The Baroness held a bottle of wine and walked
over to Betty. She poured the wine into her glass. "It's rare that I get a
chance to open this. It unfortunately has a short life and if someone doesn't
drink it, it goes to waste."

The Baroness proceeded to pour the wine. She would stand behind each of
them and reach over and fill the glasses.

Alice saw that Allen was finding it hard to conceal his raging hard on.
The robe had little material to cover it. Alice could see the Baroness smile as
she glanced down and Allen muttered a "Thank You".

Now it was Alice's turn. Unlike the others, the Baroness leaned over
farther until one of her rubber-covered breasts rested on Alice's shoulder. It
stayed there for several moments. But before the Baroness could pour, Alice's
hand covered the empty crystal goblet.
"I'm sorry Baroness, I don't drink."

"That's quite all right my dear, I don't either. I prefer warm cocoa at this time of night. Would you like that instead?"

"Yes, Baroness... Thank you."

The Baroness nodded to the maid who immediately left the room.

"Excuse me Baroness.." Frank said as he sipped his wine. "You sound very
American."

"I was born and raised in Chicago. My mother was a flight attendant, and
my father worked for the German Consul. They met, got married, and lived there
for most of my childhood. When it was time for me to go to college, I went back
to U of C and eventually got my Master's degree in Economics."

"Baroness doesn't seem to go with a Chicago student."

"Actually, that was my late husband's title.."

Alice responded. "Oh, I'm sorry.."

"That's all right, it was some years ago. Anyway, I began working for my
father's family business, but on the side I tried bodybuilding competition. I
got into several semifinals but I never won anything higher than third place. "

"You look fabulous..." said Betty.

"Why thank you, it's very kind. It's still part of my routine to work out.
In fact, I met my husband at a gym run by a mutual friend of ours. It was almost
the typical boy meets girl story, but in this case he turned out to be the sole
heir to his family's title. So I officially became a Baroness."

"If you don't mind, your husband....."

"Unfortunately, Gustav's heart was not as strong as we both thought. After
a night of 'working out' he collapsed .... and died." The Baroness's voice
trailed off.

Alice was now somewhat more at ease with the Baroness. She seemed less
formidable, and more likeable. Allen and Frank, who had consumed more of the
wine than they should, began to yawn.

"I'm hitting the sack. Thanks for your hospitality Baroness." said Allen.

The Baroness smiled. "I'm sure when you wake up you will see things have
changed for the better."

Alice and the Baroness continued to talk. Like Alice, the Baroness also
had a fondness for old books and classic films. As their conversation continued,
Betty and Frank were yawning more and more.

"You two should go to sleep as well." the Baroness said.

As Frank and Betty went up the stairs, the Baroness looked at Alice.

"Would you like another cocoa?"

"Yes, please."

"Let's go over to the fireplace, it's much more comfortable."

Alice followed the Baroness over to the massive fireplace. The Baroness
laid down on her side on the large fur rug in front of the hearth. She motioned
for Alice to join her. Soon, two more cups of cocoa were delivered by the maid.
The two women continued their conversation for several more minutes.

Alice began to experience a stiffness in her joints. She began to move her
arms to try to get rid of the sensation. A slight numbness began to manifest
itself in her muscles. The Baroness looked at her.

"Are you all right Alice?"

"Maybe it's something that happen because of the crash... I'm starting to
lose sensation in my arms and legs. Maybe you should call a doctor."

The Baroness smiled and purred. "I'm getting hot wearing this rubber.."
with that she slipped her fingers under her top and removed the latex garment.
Then as Alice watched, the Baroness pulled down the rubber tights/boots and
threw them off to the side. Then she laid back on the rug and stretched.

"Rubber gets me sooo horny."

Alice tried to get up, but she couldn't! Her arms and legs no longer
responded. She couldn't even turn her head!

"aallleennn" came a squeak from Alice's lips. "heellppp mmeee."

"I'm afraid even if your voice could reach all the way upstairs, your
companions can't hear you. The wine included a very powerful sedative. In fact,
your friend Frank consumed enough to keep him asleep for at least eight hours!"

Alice was terrified!

"Relax my darling." responded the Baroness "You won't be harmed unless you
resist... and I know you don't want to resist."

The Baroness crawled over to Alice and began to untie the belt on the
robe. She pulled off the black rubber garment, caressing Alice's small but
firm, breasts.

"Yes, you can feel it too. I've been waiting for someone like you to join
me."

Alice was feeling scared, but at the same time, aroused. But she
shouldn't! It must be the drug, it can't be her!

The Baroness slid her hands down Alice's body until they reached her pussy
lips. The Baroness began a gentle stroking of Alice's clit. Then slowly, she
placed her index finger into the now, moist opening.

Alice shuddered with this invasion. The Baroness began easing two more
fingers inside, then began to move them in and out of Alice's now thoroughly
wet pussy.

"You are quite new to this, aren't you my sweet?" Alice could say nothing
but try to control herself as the Baroness began an expert manipulation of her
fingers inside her.

Alice began breathing harder and harder. The sensations were building with
each movement of the Baroness' hand. The waves of pure pleasure were building
with each stroke. Alice wanted to scream, but the drug only let her give an
'uuuuuuhhhhh'! Suddenly, the most intensive orgasm Alice ever had, erupted!

The Baroness stopped and looked at Alice. Alice was torn between wanting
the Baroness to continue, and her revulsion at her desire for more.

"Oh, there's so many things for you to learn." With that, the Baroness
scooped up Alice in her arms and carried her to an elevator. They descended down
for at least two stories.

"This used to be the castle dungeon." the Baroness explained. "I have
adapted it for my own very special purposes."

Alice was placed on a stainless steel table. Padded cuffs were placed on
her wrists and ankles; then secured with padlocks. A similar collar went around
her throat. It wasn't too tight, but even if she could move, she could not be
able to raise her head off the table.

After several minutes, Alice regained some movement. She turned her head
toward a gurgling noise.

On a similar steel table lay Allen. All of his body hair had been removed!
Two rubber covered figures were placing rubber devices in his mouth, nose, rear,
and cock. His eyes and ears were covered with rubber patches and an IV tube was
in his arm.

"This is the first step of conditioning." it was the Baroness. "His bodily
functions will be under my control. Then he will be placed into a sensory
deprivation tank for 72 hours. His mind will become quite pliable, and ready for
sessions of drug-assisted hypnosis and electro-shock treatment. "

Alice looked around as best as she could and saw Frank and Betty. Like
Allen, their body hair had been removed, but they had been placed in cages near
the elevator door.

"They are still asleep. I will keep them sedated until the first phase of
number twelve's conditioning is complete."

"Number twelve? What are you going to do with us" Alice was finally able
to regain full use of her voice. She struggled, but the restraints were too
tough.

"Us? As you can see, my home and estate is large requires a great deal of
maintenance. Good help is hard to find, and help that appeals to my... other
needs is nearly impossible. So I intend on converting your friends into
permanent rubber slaves."

The Baroness continued. "As for you... I have other plans. That is, if you
are willing."

"Like what. To be like that maid of yours?"

"No sweet Alice, something different. Something I've wanted for a long
time ever since I began to learn the ways of rubbersex."

"I won't let you..."

"You have no other choice, except to join your friends in my service."

"We'll be missed by our friends and families."

"True, that is if the bodies don't convince them."

"Bodies!?"

"From that horrible car crash and fire that burned everything. All that
remained were four charred bodies, and perhaps some of your personal items."
The Baroness took hold of Alice's hand and removed the small sapphire ring from
her finger.

"You're crazy! You can't fake bodies, even if there was a fire."

"The bodies are real... I have connections that have obtained suitable
substitutes. I will be x-raying your teeth so that false dental records will be
sent to the U.S. Embassy. That will convince the authorities that it was the
four of you in the car."

"No, please. Let us go!" Alice began crying. Suddenly she felt two pairs
of hands on her. One of the rubber covered slaves began to insert an IV tube
into her arm, while another began to insert a catheter into her urethra. Alice
screamed as she felt the pain of the tubes enter her. The first slave then
pushed a double anal catheter into her rear and inflated it.

The Baroness cooed to Alice, "Relax my sweet. I need to keep you out of
mischief while I am converting your companions into my rubber slaves. You may
find the process too intense, so I will be keeping you asleep until number
fourteen is through the first phase."

Alice tried to remain awake, but the drug in the IV was too strong. The
last thing she could see was Allen being secured in some type of rubber harness.
A hoist picked up the harness and Allen was lowered into the sensory depravation
tank....... then.................. Darkness.

When Alice regained consciousness, she felt as if a weight was resting on
her chest. The neck restraint had been removed, so she looked down. Her eyes
opened wide in shock!

Her breasts!.... They were huge! They were at least a 38D! Alice tried to
scream, but a sharp pain in her throat prevented even a squeak. "My God!", she
thought "Did she take out my vocal chords too?"

A rubber gloved hand rested on Alice's forehead. "There, there" said the
Baroness "You don't need to be frightened.."

"Frightened?!" Alice thought, "You turn me into some kind of sex freak.
You take out my vocal chords; and I don't have to be scared?... You're crazy!"

The Baroness seemed to understand Alice's thoughts. "I've only injected a
drug into your larynx that temporarily stops it from working. It will wear off
in about three weeks. As for your new breasts..." The Baroness smiled, "I like
big tits on women. Your body could support these, so I put my medium sized ones
in you."

"Medium!" Alice's lips mouthed.

"Oh yes, I have much bigger ones available, but yours are a brand new type
I had created."

The Baroness placed her left hand on Alice's right breast and lifted it
up. "Just here.." She placed her right index finger on some sort of 'button' on
the underside where the breast meets the chest muscle. "..is a special valve in
which I can inject more solution. The implants are made of a material that can
stretch 20 times their original size without breaking. If I really wanted to, I
could make them so large that you couldn't even drag them across a room. But I
won't do that... unless you force me to."

The Baroness released Alice's breast, and began running her fingers over
her lips. "I don't want you to hate me... I know what I have already done seems
cruel; but I need you to appreciate my... I mean,.... our lifestyle."

The Baroness undid the strap on Alice's left ankle. Alice tried to kick,
but the Baroness was just too strong. She took a brush and began covering
Alice's foot and leg in a sweet-smelling yellow liquid. She continued until the
leg and thigh were completely covered. In only a few seconds, the liquid had
dried. The Baroness then brought over a rubber boot and began to pull it over
Alice's leg. The boot was skin tight and it took nearly fifteen minutes to put
on and remove any air bubbles and creases.
The Baroness did the same to Alice's other leg. From what she could see,
the boot had stiletto heels of at least five, maybe even six inches high!

Next came a pair of shoulder-length gloves. The remainder of the
restraints were removed, but the two rubber slaves held Alice fast as the
Baroness put them on. Alice could tell that they were much thicker than the
boots. In fact, once they were on she couldn't even move her fingers!

Finally, the Baroness brought over a rubber collar. It was very wide and
thick, with four steel rings imbedded into it. The collar was wrapped around
Alice's neck. The collar fit tightly under her chin making it nearly impossible
for her to move her head in any direction.

The Baroness helped Alice off of the table. Alice found it difficult to
stand in the stiletto-heeled boots. She tried to brace herself against the
table, but she couldn't bend her arms!

"They're quite useless my sweet." said the Baroness, holding Alice
upright. "They are made of a molded rubber which cannot flex. It's a form of
rubber bondage that gives you the illusion of freedom, while keeping you totally
helpless. The boots are much more flexible and will allow you to walk, but
running away will be rather difficult. The collar .... well you can tell how it
restricts your movement. Plus it looks very pretty on you."

Alice tried to move her fingers to try to reach down and pull off the
boots.

"Even if you could move your hands, it can't be done. I've used 'Adhesive
A' on it."

Alice's eyes opened wide. "Adhesive? I've been glued into this rubber!?"
she thought.

"The adhesive reacts to your skin's oils and begins to set once you begin
to sweat. It then forms a molecular bond with your skin and muscle tissues. It's
impossible to remove without the proper solvent."
The maid walked over to Alice and took hold of her arms. As Alice tried to
walk in the stiletto-heeled boots, the maid would help keep her from stumbling.

"Number eight will be responsible for your well-being and safety." said
the Baroness. "After a while, you'll get used to wearing the boots and you'll
be able to move around on your own. Since you can't use your arms and hands,
number eight will feed you, bathe you and even wipe your ass."

Alice looked at the maid's face. Instead of the flesh-colored doll-like
expression, a featureless black oval existed.

"I usually remove my rubberslaves' faces so as to eliminate their ability
to associate themselves with their former lives. I have inserted permanent one-
way lenses over their eyes so that it appears that their heads are one solid
piece of rubber."

The Baroness went over to the sensory deprivation tank. She motioned for
Alice to follow. Alice began to take small, tentative steps towards her. The 5
inch heels of the boots nearly caused her to fall, but the maid quickly
prevented it from happening.

When Alice got to the tank she could see a small observation window in the
side. She carefully looked through it and saw a figure completely covered in
black rubber. From the approximate size, it appeared to be Frank.

'It is in the final stage of preparation. It needed a third session in the
tank, as it had a very strong will to resist. I'll give it an additional 48
hour session of hypnosis and electroshock conditioning, and it will be ready to
assume its new duties."

The Baroness looked at Alice. Alice wanted to avoid looking at her, but
couldn't. It couldn't be explained, but she had conflicting feelings of
revulsion at what the Baroness had done to them, ...and a strange erotic
attraction to the tall, muscular woman.

"The others broke much more easily. Number twelve only needed ten hours of
deprivation and his mind turned to mush. Number thirteen had a slightly
different conditioning program, and took about four days. I wanted to do
something that more suited her.. oops, I guess you know which ones I'm talking
about."

Alice was surprised. Not by what the Baroness was doing, or had done, but
the knowledge that Allen the macho man; the 'nobody calls me a chicken' tough
guy; had broken so quickly. Frank, and even Betty, had fought harder and longer.

The Baroness motioned for Alice to follow her. With the maid assisting
her, the three of them walked down a corridor to another room in the dungeon.

"Since you will have the use of number eight, I'm going to need a new
maid..."

Alice stopped and looked at a figure kneeling on the floor in front of a
large tank which appeared to be filled with hot, liquid rubber.

"Up, number twelve!" commanded the Baroness.

The figure rose and Alice could see that it was another rubberized
slave... but wait! Didn't the Baroness say number twelve; that meant that it
was....

A slave covered head to toe in shiny, seamless, black rubber now stood in
front of Alice. She could not see a face, but she knew it was... Allen! He had
been given breast implants just like her. She looked down and saw something that
made her want to shout in terror.

His cock and balls were gone!

"Number twelve is a housemaid and nothing more." said the Baroness "To
that end, its sex organs were removed and to prevent any sexual stimulation, the
prostate was removed as well."

Alice wanted to reach out to him, but the gloves prevented her from moving
her arms.

"Pity isn't needed Alice. When Allen existed, he was a boorish, selfish,
insensitive lout. Now as number twelve, it has a useful purpose; existing only
to serve. It will serve the both of us, if you desire."

Why was the Baroness showing this to her? Why do the most sadistic things
to her friends, and yet make references to sharing a lifestyle? She wasn't a
lesbian! She didn't want to be!

Yet.... she didn't understand it, there was a dark attraction to what she
was seeing. Yes, Allen was everything the Baroness said he was. He should be
made to feel what it's like to give instead of take. It began to make Alice feel
slightly horny seeing him covered in rubber and visualizing him made to wear a
maid's uniform.

The Baroness was strong, decisive and intelligent. She knew what she
wanted, and took steps to get it. At the same time, she shared many of the same
interests as Alice. These were qualities that Alice always admired..... but a
sexual attraction? Alice could still not believe that she had these hidden
desires.

"Of course, to make the transformation much more complete, a nice narrow
waist is necessary.' The Baroness then walked over to an electrical panel. "Into
the mold number twelve." she commanded.

The Allen/slave walked over to a framework where a half of a steel mold
was attached. It backed itself into the mold. The mold was so tight that Alice
could see that Allen could not fit into it. The Baroness walked over to him and
with a bit of effort, pushed him into the mold. His waist collapsed into the
narrow steel opening.

"Oh yes," the Baroness added, "I also removed a few of its ribs. This
allows me to make its waist as narrow as I want."

The rubber maid took the front half of the mold and placed it over the
front of the totally conditioned Allen/slave. The mold was then bolted shut.

Alice could see that the mold not only would create a radical hourglass
shape, but it went from his armpits to his pubic bone as well, making it
impossible to bend at the waist.

The Baroness returned to the panel and pressed a large red button.
Instantly hot liquid rubber was pumped into the mold. Alice saw Allen flail his
arms... the rubber must have been boiling hot!

The Baroness pressed another button and the pumps stopped. A push of
another button sent cold water into the mold. After several minutes, the maid
unbolted the mold and Allen was released. His waist was now maybe only 15 inches
at the most. The corset helped push up the artificial breasts making them even
more pronounced than before.

A uniform was brought over. It was made in one piece and had to be pulled over
his head. The maid struggled with it... it was extremely thick and tight.
Stiletto heel shoes and a white rubber apron and cap completed the outfit.
Now, number twelve stood dressed in an all-rubber uniform before the Baroness
and Alice. The Baroness had transformed Allen into a maid, just like the one
standing next to her.

The Baroness could see Alice's reaction. "Let's go see number thirteen."

Alice followed the Baroness back to the elevator. She was starting to get
the hang of the boots, but not being able to move her hands and arms made her
realize that she couldn't run away.

They walked down the main hallway and to the back of the castle. The
Baroness began to walk towards the stables.
"Number thirteen is too small for heavy work, unlike number fourteen. I
also don't need any more houseslaves at this time, so I thought I'd make it
something more interesting."

As they approached one of the stalls, Alice could hear the sound of hooves
against the stones. Alice liked horses and she thought that maybe Betty had been
turned into a rubberized stablehand.

Then Alice realized what the Baroness meant by 'interesting'. Now standing
in front of her was Betty. Like the others, she had been covered head to toe in
rubber, but unlike the others she was uniquely different.

Betty was in a gray rubber outfit that had specks of black. A long black
rubber mane went from the crown of her head to the small of her back. Her feet
were encased in boots that ended in hooves shod with real horseshoes. Her arms
were forced against her sides except from the elbows to her wrists. These were
left somewhat free, but her hands were now hooves as well.

"I have lots of room on my estate to ride, and I thought that a nice new
rubberized ponyslave would make a nice addition to my stables. The wrists and
forearms are used for attachment to the cart. However, the hood is the best
touch."

Alice tried to avoid looking, but the collar prevented her from turning
away. Betty's head was covered in a rubber mask that gave her the appearance of
a horse! A large nose and jaw had been adhered to Betty's face. Her own ears
were covered by the rubber mask, and a new, pointed set were on the top of the
head. To top it off, a large rubber tail was fastened, probably by the Adhesive
A, to Betty's own tailbone; making it appear real!

"I've decided that calling it number thirteen is inappropriate for a pony.
What do you think of 'Rosebud'?"

Alice didn't respond in any way. She didn't want the Baroness to get the
idea that she even approved of this. Betty was her best friend! She didn't
deserve this!

The Baroness smiled. "I'll let you think about it for awhile. When your
voice returns, you can name the pony. In fact if things work out, I'll let you
have her for your own."

That upset Alice. She turned as best she could and began to swear at the
Baroness. The pain in her throat was intense, and she only could mouth the
words, but the Baroness knew what she was trying to say.

A rubber-gloved hand struck Alice's face, and knocked her to the stones.

"That will not be tolerated by anyone, even you!" shouted the Baroness.
"You will learn obedience and respect, or you will join the others... No, that
would be too easy. Instead of a living, breathing slave, I'll turn you into one
of my garden statues. You'll be placed in a mold, and thick unyielding rubber
will be poured in, permanently encasing you. You'll only have enough room to
breathe, while you are forced to hear life go on around you."

The Baroness calmed somewhat down and continued. "I've done it before, and
if you insist on maintaining your rebellious attitude, you will pay for your
insolence."

The maid helped Alice to her feet. The Baroness looked at Alice for
several seconds and then held up her hand. Alice thought that she was going to
strike her again and closed her eyes.

Instead, the Baroness stroked the place where she had struck Alice. Alice
looked at the Baroness, who now had tears in her eyes.

"Please, I'm sorry my darling. I don't want to hurt you. I don't want you
to think I want to hurt you. But, you MUST obey."

Alice was confused. Were these mind games the Baroness was playing? First
she strikes her and threatens to turn her into a permanent statue, then she
changes her attitude and treats her like a lover. Alice then realized that she
had brought it upon herself. Yes, she hated what had been done to Betty, but
getting the Baroness mad wasn't going to help things, and it wasn't going to
help her.

Alice carefully walked up to the Baroness and rested her head on the
Baroness' shoulder. The Baroness hugged Alice tightly and then gave her a long
forceful kiss on the mouth. Alice returned the kiss, knowing that if the
Baroness was pleased with her, the better were her chances of escape.

End of Part One.
