---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Dream of Devotion
authors:
- LordBond
tags:
- Sbf
- rope
- bfold
- gag
- nylon
- cocoon
- slave
- stuck
- caught
- F-f
- tease
- tickle
- kidnap
- bond
- box
- mast
- cons-nc
- X
---

This story is all fiction,
nothing you read happens until now and I guess it probably never will be
happen. Please excuse my bad english cause i'm a german who is really inetersted
in writing stories for all the readers around the world .

\*\*\*

She always dreamed of him
as her master. He would tell her what to do and how she had to fulfil his
orders and his dreams. But he isn't into this kind of game. Their lives
had gone into routine. Every morning he left the house, kisses her goodbye
and wouldn't be seen until the late of the afternoon. He worked for a big
factory and brought home a nice salary. She always has to do the housework
and something in the garden.

Then on one of these usual
days it happened. She was left alone as always but suddenly thought about
something real special. She didn´t know where it came from, but suddenly
she wanted to be his slave and wanted to do everything to get him into
this new kind of sexual game. The only way she thought in this moment was
about sex  …with him her new master.

The games they had played
until then she felt were boring. Some foreplay, nice cuddling, then he
enters her and soon it was all over and she lay beneath him without any
real satisfaction. That had to be changed. If she could surprise him
with something special he might make love to her in other ways and he would
see her in a new kind of light. So she began to prepare everything for
the surprise of the day.

First she wrote a letter
: 
 
To my MASTER
You will find me in the
bedroom for your pleasure. This will be the day everything will change
between us. You should treat me in the future as your personal slave. Your
command is what I will be living for, what you decide I have to do without
any hesitation. Don't be shocked my dear but this is my way to show you
how deep my love is for you. Please use me as you never done before. Make
me feel your strength .
Your devote SLAVE Jane.

This letter she placed
on the table in the kitchen where normally they would eat their lunch together.
Then she did her usually housework, she had enough time to get everything
done until her husband would be back at home. She washed the dishes, did
some ironing and got the meal for the afternoon ready. Now the time has come where
she did last preparations for her new adventure. She fetched two pairs
of her pantyhose, a slip, two earplugs, a couple of scarves, a blindfold and some rope. She went upstairs to their
bedroom and began to let her dream come true.

First she undressed completely.
Naked she sat down on the bed and used the rope to tie her feet together.
She did it in a special way. Jane looped the rope around her ankles then
between and around her feet. A small rope was put around her big toes so
her feet were completely immobile. Now she put on both pantyhose stepped
with both feet in only one leg of each hose. She pulled them up to her
navel so one opening was in her back, the other one in front of her. Next
she inserted the earplugs and stuffed the slip in her mouth. Then she placed the cloth scarf gag in her mouth balled up and then tied another scarf over that to hold it in place, the ends tightly tied behind her head. Before she
used the blindfold she looked to the little watch near the bed and smiled
because he should be with her in nearly twenty minutes.

After she had placed the
blindfold above her eyes the harder part of her selfbondage begins.

She had to insert her arms
in the pantyhose and stretch them over her head. The first one with the
opening in her back was easy to use but the second one was real hard work
to do. She has to wiggle a lot around to get the hose over her arms, but
suddenly it went on and the opening slid along her back. She wiggled for
a while so it would reach the top of her bottom. She felt great at what
the pressure of the hoses were doing to her body. Cause her arms are stretched
above her head the pressure on her face her blindfold and her gag are most
arousing. She tried to speak but only muffled noises was heard in the room.
She could hear nothing.

Also she can't see but feel.
Her breasts are flattened against her body but her nipples are stiffening
through the fine material of her pantyhose. She tried to roll around on
the bed but found that it isn't wasn't easy. Suddenly she turned around
and lay on her stomach. Breathing this way was harder because she lay with
her head right on the pillow and her nose was pressed in it. Jane had to
turn around as fast as she could or she will suffocate. She wiggled as
much as she can but nothing happened. Her breathing became shallow and
she felt as though she might be fainting in a few moments. She begin to
panic and thought about her fault she did this. What might happen if she couldn't
turn her body around again, will her husband find her cocooned as she is
but dead ???

She stopped trying to turn
but lifted her head as much as possible to breath through her nose. This
movement transfers to her breasts and her slit. She feels every movement
as if her husband was making love to her. It was unbelievable but she felt
the wetness between her legs. She is so horny now and has to concentrate
to breath. If she would come now her head would fall back onto the pillow
and it would be the end of her life but she had to move or otherwise she
will suffocate with her head deep in the pillow.

It was a real nice picture
to see the movements she did to breath through her nose. Arms stretched
also her legs and her whole body in movement with ups and downs. She felt
the tingling in her body and thought she couldn't stand it anymore. Suddenly
her legs fell on the floor, her body followed and she crashed hard on the
ground.

Gladly she had turned on
her back and breathing was now much easier for her. She'd hit her head
and all around her went black. She didn't know how long she had laid on
the floor but she felt there was something wrong. She wasn't able to hear
the answering machine with the voice of her husband who was telling her
he would have to do a business trip at once and will see her in three days.

**Part Two**

It seemed to be a long time
for Jane to regain consciousness, she was still dazed and confused from
the blow to her head. She felt uncomfortable and thought about what she
had done to herself, she was firmly stuck in her bondage. If she only could
hear something or even see she might feel much better. But she had done
too good a job on herself, so nothing from outside her cocoon would disturb
her loneliness. Suddenly Jane believed she smelt smoke…
