---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/sophie_and_mark10.html
title: Sophie and Mark
authors:
- Twisted Smile
tags:
- M-f
- mpov
- bond
- rope
- cuffs
- gag
- toys
- sex
- spank
- cons
- X
date: 2026-06-27 00:00:00
---

### **10. Sub**

"Ah! Ow! No, stop. Red. Scrabble."

She tried to look apologetic, but she couldn't help laughing. "I'm sorry, but… really? After everything I've done to you, this is what makes you use the safe word - all the safe words! A little spanking?"

What can I say, I always was a bit of a wimp. And actually, "while we're on the subject of 'everything you've done to me' - well, I've just been thinking…"

She didn't like where this was going.

"I mean, the chastity cage, peeing in the garden, the butt plugs, the cross-dressing!"

She REALLY didn't like where this was going.

#### **Round 1: Reversal**

Rope may have been too ambitious for my first go.

"Is that too tight?"

Not that I was trying to do anything fancy, mind you. I mean, any idiot can tie a reef knot.

"No, baby. You're doing great."

I had her wear this sexy black lingerie, with the fishnets. The one that I'd gotten her one Valentines; the one that she'd only worn once. And I put her in that cheap collar, the one that was too small on me. I tied her spread-eagle on the bed, hands and feet stretched out, like I'd seen in this video.

And the piece de resistance - the ring gag. The same ring gag she'd used on me. I had an idea. I had a plan. I climbed up on top of her, positioned myself above her chest, and I looped my finger through the d-ring on her collar. And I pulled her head up.

Damn. No good. The gag was too small. I could barely push the tip of my cock through it. She tried to play along, ran her tongue over the tip… Nah. Plan B.

I removed the gag. We didn't need it anyway. I pushed myself into her empty mouth, and… she did her best. But it was an awkward angle, and she could barely move her head about. I tried holding her head in place instead, but when she made a choking sound I felt too guilty to continue.

Shit. I was blowing it. And I was out of plans. Think, you idiot! You've got this sexy woman all tied up and at your mercy, what are you going to do with her? Oh! Vibrator. I could torment her while she's helpless to resist; force her to cum over and over. Yeah, that'd be so fucking hot.

I checked the bed-side drawers. Hmm… Under the bed?

"What've you lost, baby?" she asked

"Vibrator?"

"Bathroom. Remember, we did the--"

"Oh yeah! Thanks." And as I left, I gave a teasing, "don't go anywhere…" I heard her laughing. Weird. I expected more of an annoyed groan.

When I came back, I realised why, "I couldn't find it in th--" Where the fuck had she gone!?

Like a sexual ninja, she sprang out from behind the door. Before I could react, she'd looped the rope around my wrists and cinched it tight. How did she do that so fast? She pushed me onto the bed and pulled off my pants, and she had her filthy way with me.

In the end, we agreed that one didn't count.

#### **Round 2: Reverb**

Being a relative newbie to BDSM, I didn't have many ideas of my own. All I had to go off was porn, and the stuff Sophie had done to me.

So there we were, back in the garage. Deja vu. Except, it was Sophie's delicate wrists in the fluffy pink handcuffs; Sophie's arms pulled high above her head, and padlocked to the chain that hung from the ceiling; Sophie's feet, in heels, pulled apart by fur-lined leather cuffs. She would have been fully naked, like I had been, but without the heels the ceiling chain wasn't long enough.

I got a new appreciation for why she had wanted me like that. My heart was racing just looking at her. And she wasn't going to escape this time. I knew that much from experience. She seemed to know it too. She almost looked nervous.

"Okay, so… you've got me," she said, "what now, 'master'?"

Maybe it was the way she said it, but it really didn't feel right, her calling me that. Whatever. Play the part. I straightened my back, stood tall. Let my face relax into an expression of quiet confidence, a little smirk, like a movie star.

"Now, 'slave'?" I'd lowered my voice to almost a growl, and spoke with a deliberate slowness. "Now, we have some fun."

I half expected her to laugh, but she seemed genuinely caught off guard. Good. Roll with it.

I held her head, wrapping my fingers in her hair. I tilted her head back, and with my thumb on her chin, pulled her mouth open. She let out a little gasp. I pressed my mouth into hers, and found her tongue with my tongue.

As we kissed, my other hand found her breast. I caressed it, squeezing her nipple between the edges of my thumb and finger, until she conceded a pained moan. I laughed; I had her. I playfully traced my fingers up her vulnerable inner thigh, feeling her leg quiver as I got closer and closer…

But I wasn't like her. I wasn't patient.

She drew the air out of my mouth as my finger brushed her cunt. I raised my hand, moving my fingers between our mouths, between our tongues as we kissed. And when the fingers were nicely wet, I moved the hand back between her legs. Still kissing, still gripping her hair, I slid my fingers inside of her. She rattled her chains, her hips rocking against my hand. I had her right where I wanted her.

I pulled away. Her eyes still closed, her mouth tried to follow after mine. I quickly took the ballgag from a bench drawer, and pressed it into that pleading mouth. Her eyes shot open.

I gave her a condescending smile as I buckled the strap, "turnabout's fair play, darling." Her eyebrows turned upwards, like I'd taken something precious from her. "Speaking of which…" I pulled her hair free from the gag straps, and brushed it behind her head. Then, slid the blindfold over her eyes. Darkness.

Then my final surprise. I tied a length of rope around her waist, and hung the vibrator from it - carefully positioned to dangle right against her clit. I'd gotten her worked up, and now I would leave her to a torment which (I assumed) would not give her release.

"Stunning," I said, looking back at her from the door. (She really was.) "I'll be right back…" And when I was back, I thought, she would be begging. Truly submissive.

I sat in the kitchen, and made myself a cup of tea, letting it really steep. And as I savoured it with a Jammy Dodger, I heard something like yelling coming from the garage. I couldn't make it out, but the vibrator must have been having the desired effect, I thought.

Not so much. I returned to find the vibrator buzzing away on the floor in a tangle of rope. She was furious. She was trying to yell something that sounded like "we-moo fiss fuckin kahg." And when I pulled it out, "you'd better get over here and fuck me RIGHT NOW."

Why was she giving ME orders?

Still, I uncuffed her ankles and lifted her arse up onto the workbench. I dropped my pants, and she wrapped her legs tight around my waist. And I did fuck her - but only because I wanted to! And the handcuffs stayed on. I was still the one in charge here.

This is what happened - shortly after I'd left, she had been swaying her hips, trying to get a better angle on the vibrator. But that movement shook the knot loose on the rope around her waist, and the vibrator dropped. So while I was dicking around in the kitchen, she was just standing there, alone, in the dark.

I'd screwed it up again.

"Give me just one more go," I said. "I know I can get this."

She rolled her eyes, and told me to "stick to what you're good at - being my sexy play thing".

"Oh yeah?" I said. "Well maybe I'll just leave you chained up here while I make dinner. Where's that ballgag…?"

"Ugh. You're the worst."

#### **Round 3: Red**

I'd learned two important lessons.

Firstly, rope wasn't my friend. So this time, when I spread her out on the bed, I put her in leather cuffs, which were chained and padlocked to the bed. And this time, she was face-down, with a pillow under her hips to raise her arse.

The second thing I learned was not to let her out of my sight. I'd dressed her in a blue, organza teddy and matching pants. Fully see-through. As if I could ever take my eyes off her…

"You okay?" I asked.

She didn't speak. Her head was turned outwards, rested on a pillow, and she had this distant look, like a deer in headlights. She nodded, and gave a small, unconvincing smile.

It's fine. Deep breath. Get into character.

"You've been a very bad sub, Sophie - escaping, making demands. You need to be reminded of your place."

My first strike was too timid, barely a tap.

"You can… go harder," the small voice said.

Harder? I raised my hand, tensed my arm. Crack. When my hand made contact, she let out a little yelp.

"Was that okay?"

She nodded.

Crack. Crack. With every slap she flinched, inhaled sharply. Crack. My strikes were getting more confident. Crack. She bit down on the pillow. CRACK! "Shit, sorry," I blurted. Too hard. She was panting, her face was red. Was that… a tear in her eye?

"Sh-should I stop?"

She turned her head, buried her face in the pillow. And meekly shook her head.

My hand was getting pretty sore, anyway, and I noticed how pink her arse had gotten. I stroked it, caressed it, trying to soothe the sting she must have been feeling. Crap. I was losing it again. Time to change tack.

There was this one thing I always wanted to try. I grabbed the scissors I'd stashed earlier, and cut a slit into the waistband of her pants. And with a dramatic pull, I tore them in two. Her body froze.

I slid down the bed. I gave her arse a little kiss where my hand had left its mark, then moved my head between her legs. With her hips raised, she was fully exposed. My nose brushed against her cunt, and… she was so wet! Maybe I had her all wrong. Maybe this was her thing.

"If you want to orgasm," I warned, "you'll have to ask for my permission first."

I grabbed hold of her hips, and I buried my face in her. I licked her, ate her, pushed my tongue inside of her. She never lifted her face from the pillow, but I heard her muffled moans.

I cut away the tatters of her pants and tossed them away. I laid on top of her, and slapped my stiffening cock against her cunt, rubbing it in her wetness. I pushed myself inside of her, announcing myself with a deep, hard thrust. A loud "uhn!" escaped the pillow.

I gather up her hair, gripping it as I fucked her. I tried to pull her face back from the pillow, but she wouldn't allow it. I kissed her neck, gnawed on it. She made sounds I'd never heard her make before. I growled into her ear, "ask to cum…"

I raised up onto my hands, bracing my toes against the bed. My pace was increasing, my thrusts more deliberate. I pushed against her until the chains at her ankles were taut, the only thing holding her back.

I was breathing heavy, "beg…"

She was pinned down, barely enough slack in her legs to move her hips. She'd wrapped her hands around her chains, and she was gripping them tight. I could feel her trembling.

"Please…" she lifted her face from the pillow, "please… stop."

#### **Release**

She rolled onto her side, curled up, rubbing her sore arms. I saw mascara tears on the pillow. Shit, she really had been crying. I laid down behind her, and pulled the covers over us. I wrapped my arms around her, and kissed the bite marks on her neck.

"I'm sorry," I spoke softly into her ear, "I didn't mean to hurt you."

"No… it wasn't you," she said, "you didn't do anything wrong." She didn't like the feeling of being trapped. Helpless. Powerless. "It was scary." It had put bad thoughts in her head. "But it was also kind of… exciting. You know?"

I did know.

"And for the record," she insisted, "I didn't really like being spanked either". Besides, she said, this was all just more proof that I wasn't suited to being a dom. "You kept breaking character to ask if I was okay. That's what the safe word is for, dummy."

I told her it was because I'm a feminist.

She hit me in the face with a pillow, "you're such an idiot."

### **Sophie & Mark: 10.5. Inspiration**

"Cock and ball torture?"

"Yikes! No thank you. Shibari?"

"Ooh, yeah. Nipple clamps?"

"Me or you?"

"You, obviously."

"… maybe?"

"Whipping? Oh sorry, I forgot you're a pussy."

"Yeah? Well I seem to remember you getting pretty wet from--"

"Moving on!"

"Furry?"

"Mmm… you know that scene where fox robin hood was in chains, that really awoke something in young me. But fur-suits are, like, stupid-expensive. Foot stuff?"

"Eh, I find toes weird."

"YOU'RE weird. And speaking of weird, adult baby?"

"…"

"Never mind."

"Wet and messy? I wouldn't mind eating food off you, licking you all over…"

"I'll see your food play and raise you 'vore' - how would you like to be roasted?"

"What, like sucking dick and getting fucked in the arse at the same time?"

"Yeah, I bet you'd like that, you little cock whore."

"Fuck off. Anyway, we'd need another person for that."

"Yeah…"

"Ponygirl?"

"Huh?"

"Ponygirl."

"Stop suggesting that!"
