---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sam and Em
authors:
- ForeverAltered
tags:
- FF
- F+/f+
- fpov
- latex
- petgirl
- catsuit
- mittens
- hood
- tickle
- cons
- X
date: 2025-05-11 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 24

The entire evening took an awkward turn.

Becky, Emily and I sat in complete silence as we ate the meal we purchased. The wonderful, comforting glow of the restaurant against the dark sky took a turn the moment we saw our boss having a meeting with a client. Despite the complete coincidence, it felt as if we were stepping on the store owner's feet, looking behind the scenes at an event we were not supposed to see. None of us wanted to speak as the meals seemed to take forever getting to our table, we ate our respective meals without a single word leaving any of our lips, waiting for something to happen; anything.

I kept glancing upwards, despite being situated on the other side of the restaurant to Tanya and the other woman, I kept my eyes towards the entrance of the building, waiting to see them both leave. I didn't know if she was going to scowl towards us, come up to us and say something, or not even pay us any attention; I just needed to know what her reaction was going to be.

Slowly, the food began to disappear, until nothing remained on our plates. With warm, full stomachs, we began to slowly relax and not worry about our boss occupying the same space as us. I raised my hand, grabbing the attention of a waiter walking by and asked for the bill. If Tanya wasn't going to leave before us, I wanted to make sure we were gone before she left her table.

As the waiter left, I noticed a large arm around Becky. The young woman stayed completely still as Emily and I looked up at the person touching her; unsurprisingly, it was Tanya. None of us wanted to speak first, we did not know what kind of trouble we were in for coming to the same restaurant she was at. Luckily, the store owner had a wide smile on her face.

"I guess you've seen what was out back?" she asked, glancing around at all of us.

Becky shrank in her seat as Emily looked directly towards me, causing Tanya to do the same. I was found out without even saying a word, my heart was racing throughout this entire interaction, knowing that I was the one who stepped into the vacbed, I was the one who was sealed inside it for what felt like forever.

"Samantha?" the store owner pressed on.

I hung my head down, "Yeah, we saw it."

"And I'm guessing you used it?"

"Yeah, we did... but Emily..."

"I want to see you both first thing in the morning, is that clear? Before the store opens" Her words were harsh, yet the older woman's tone remained unchanged, it was as soft as when she first approached us.

"Yes, Miss," Emily immediately said.

"Yes, Tanya," I complied.

"Good, first thing in the morning. Becky better come home with me."

The young woman across from us looked worried, Tanya's arm remained at her side, almost as if Becky somehow belonged to her.

"Tanya, who was that woman?" I asked, "Becky said she owned that store in town, the one that wasn't open earlier."

"That woman is none of your business. All I wanted was a lovely meeting with the lady without any distractions, but who did I see walk into the restaurant during this meeting?"

"We didn't mean it, it was a coincidence" Emily begged.

Tanya rolled her eyes, "Yeah, I'm sure it was."

"Where is she? Is she still here?" I tried to look over where they were sitting.

"She's gone. She left at the same time I came here. Luckily for you guys, the meeting went really well, so I am in one of my nicer moods, but I still want to see you two first thing, ya hear?"

Emily repeated herself, "Yes, Miss."

"But... I need to know who that woman was..." I pleaded with the store owner to tell me more.

"You'll find out... eventually" Tanya finally raised her voice a little more, "Now, go. Say goodbye to Becky, I'll handle the bill, okay?"

I wanted to stay but could tell the situation would get much uglier if we kept sitting down; we both stood up and said 'goodbye' to the young woman. Emily took my hand as we began walking away.

"Remember girls, first thing in the morning, before opening," Tanya's voice travelled to us as we opened the door to the restaurant. We both felt bad leaving Becky behind, but Tanya wouldn't do anything to the poor girl, she loved her too much. We both knew we messed up in some way, but we would have to wait for the morning to figure out what punishment Tanya had in mind for us.

---

"Where were you two?" Jade yelled as soon as we got home, "We were waiting at the restaurant for hours? We tried calling you over and over."

My eyes widened, how could I have forgotten Jane telling me about us meeting them at a different restaurant for dinner, whilst Emily and I were across town at a different one altogether. The haze of the day must have made this easier for me, between having to deliver that box to Louise and spending that time within the hold of the vacbed, it was easy to see why I forgot about a short conversation earlier in the day. I couldn't even remember if Emily was awake or not for the conversation. I recalled thinking I was holding her in my arms when it was actually Becky snuggling up next to me, Emily was resting lower down in the bed; but was she conscious enough to recall Jane's words earlier.

As I looked towards her, it was obvious she had no idea what was going on, looking back at me like a deer in headlights. I had to take the full blame on this one.

"Oh, I'm really sorry, Jane" I placed my hand over my forehead, "Today was a manic day and we must have forgotten."

Emily's mother sighed, "We tried calling you over and over, did you not have your phones on you?"

"I think I left my phone here." Emily patted at her body, trying to find the device.

Feeling my own pockets, I easily found my mobile phone, but trying to turn the device on using the 'Power' button did nothing, "Battery must have died. I'm really sorry, Jane."

My dad walked up behind Jane, the typical sign of his hands on his hips usually meant he wasn't in a good mood, but his face told me otherwise, a simple look of relief flashed over his eyes, "Are you two okay, you aren't hurt or anything?"

"No, no we are okay"

"Well, as long as you two are well, then there is nothing to worry about."

Jane whispered into my Dad's ear, "I know, but I wanted to tell them at the restaurant."

"Well, we can tell them here instead."

"Tell us what?" I asked, looking between our two parents.

"Well..." Jane began, wrapping her arm around my Dad's back, "I know we've spoken about it before and put it off, but we've had a long discussion about it at work and thought it was for the best."

"What's that?"

Dad did the same, placing his arm around Jane with a confident smile on his face, "We've decided we wanted to go ahead with getting married."

Emily's tired demeanor suddenly shifted and suddenly she was a burst of energy, jumping up once and clapping her hands together before giving an enthusiastic "Yay!"

Jane continued, almost revitalized by Emily's reaction, "We wanted to get married before you two go off, which seemed to be an impossible task at first but we've recently found out one of our colleagues is a registrar and we might be able to hold the ceremony in town, if not we can just have it done in the garden."

"That's amazing!" Emily whimpered, trying not to tear up and jumping into the arms of our parents.

"Yeah, so we are thinking six weeks from now, it's just before you guys go away and your Father and I managed to get the time off work," Jane said whilst looking in my direction.

Then I noticed my father looking in my direction... and then Emily. My entire family were staring at me, waiting for my reaction to the 'good' news.

"Well, say something, Samantha" Dad's cheery tone seemed so strange to hear.

My own voice was much quieter than everyone else's and did not carry the same cheerful tune, "I-I thought we decided on this? If you two get married, that will make Emily and I step-sisters... actual Step-sisters."

"Sam..." Jane broke my concentration, "I know you've never liked the idea of getting married since you two became a couple, but there is a good reason why we are doing this."

"What could that possibly be?"

My Dad chimed in, "It's because of me. Less than a year ago I had my accident and I didn't think I would make it, you were all there and you all know how bad it was. I want to protect you, Sam... I want to protect my entire family, being married to Jane would make that easier... if the worst would happen."

"There are other ways you could do that, Dad. I know you are scared that it might happen again, but you two getting together really limits what Emily and I can do."

"You two aren't biologically related" Jane jumped in, still holding Emily in her arms, "Sure, they may be barriers trying to stop you, but your Dad and I looked into this and you shouldn't have any problems if you want to take things further in the future."

I ran out of the room, escaping to the cool, dark evening outside, "I can't listen to this"

The garden was a calming retreat away from the conversation inside, despite the late hour, it soothed me to look over the small field of grass, glistening in the moonlight. The garden held many memories for my sister and I, from her walking me around in my first time in the original outfit, to Tanya walking both Emily and I before she left for University, heck... even that one time my family caught me naked whilst I laid across the outdoor furniture as my sister painted a canvas, using me as inspiration.

It all helped to calm me down. I quickly sat myself down, letting out a long sigh as I tried to process the information the evening gave me. Unsurprisingly, my father soon joined me, sitting right next to me as we took in the orange horizon of the sun setting together. Luckily, my dad was still in a decent mood, nothing I had said angered him as he took the seat right next to me, meaning there was not going to be a shouting match today.

"I'm sorry, Dad," I muttered, "I know I have to apologise to Jane and I will... just give me a minute. I hear the words I am saying, but it doesn't sound like I am the one saying them."

My dad turned to look towards me, "You understand why we are doing this, don't you?"

"Yeah, I do. It all makes perfect sense, but..."

"But you are worried about yourself and Emily?"

"Yeah... it's already weird that I am dating the daughter of the person my dad is dating, but when you and Jane get married... we would actually be step-sisters."

I shivered as I said that word.

"Would that really change anything?" My dad seemed to have a spring in his step as he said this, "I'm still getting used to the idea that you and her are an item, but from what I've seen, you two are really good together. She's brought out a good side in you and I can see you are good for her too."

"I know, Dad."

"Plus, she seems to enjoy how close you both are. Maybe us getting married would be beneficial towards you? I've already see you are now dressing alike."

My dad couldn't hide his smile as he said this, I quickly glanced down at the black overalls I was wearing, identical to the outfit Emily was wearing apart from the colour.

"Don't say that, she's already mad at me for dying my hair and cutting it short. She loves the idea that we are both naturally blonde."

He chuckled, "I can see that you are growing it out for her, I've also noticed you haven't re-dyed your hair since moving here."

"I guess... you can say she's growing on me."

We both shared a laugh, my father leaned back against the outdoor furniture and placed his arm around me, holding me in for a nice embrace.

"I can't say it won't be easy, but if you and Emily are in this for the long haul, then it's possible to have a normal relationship even with parents who are married."

"Yeah, yeah. It will be okay," I reassured myself before asking another question, "So... you and Jane are actually going through with it?"

"Yup."

"Well, I guess I'll have to go apologise to my future Mother-in-law, then."

"Give it a minute."

"Why?"

"This is nice" He gave me a more genuine smile this time, "It's not often you allow me to hug you, just give me a few more minutes."

I rested my head on his shoulder. He was right, despite both of us becoming more understanding of each other since his accident, it wasn't often we shared a moment like this, as father and daughter. We slowly watched the last of the sun falling beyond the horizon and the beautiful, dark orange sky slowly fade to a beautiful blue.

---

I opened my eyes, the room was dark as the morning sun was barely beginning to rise. The feeling of Emily's warm body next to mine was a comfort, however it felt strange just the two of us sharing a bed together and caused me to wonder how Becky was yesterday after seeing Tanya.

A quick glance to the alarm clock told me there was only a minute left before the wake up alarm would start blaring. I didn't relish the idea of getting up so early, but the store owner's attitude last night was a stern one. I've been on the bad side of Tanya many times and I wished not to witness that again. I turned the alarm clock off, wanting to wake my sister up from a gentle nudge, rather than the blaring noise the device made.

"Em... Em..." I whispered, lightly poking the lump lying next to me.

It was strange to see she had completely covered herself in the blanket. Whilst I was laying there, half covered by the fabric, her entire person was hidden underneath.

"Em..." I lifted it at what I thought was her head, only to be met by the young woman's bare feet instead, "Em!"

Pushing my body up was a burden this early, calling out her name even louder was enough to finally wake the girl, her head jumped up right by my feet springing herself awake.

"What?" She grumbled, falling back onto the mattress.

"Get up, we have to get to Tanya's"

"Uhh... five more minutes?"

"Nope, I'm not having her angry at us for being late, I feel like we are in enough trouble as it is."

I pulled off the blanket completely, showing off our barely clothed bodies. Emily curled up in a ball, trying her hardest to keep as warm as possible. She looked cute, wearing nothing but a white bra and matching underwear, but this morning we didn't have time to mess around.

"Em!" I yelled this time, still trying to keep my voice low enough to not wake our parents on the other side of the bungalow.

She repeated her earlier sentence, this time more strained than before, "Five more minutes!"

"That's it!"

I jumped on top of her, pushing her onto her stomach and keeping my entire body weight on her by sitting my butt on top of hers, wasting no time getting my fingers into her sides. Up and down my hands went from the bottom of her bra to the tip of her panties, allowing the tips of my digits to squirm the entire time my arms were in motion.

Emily was very ticklish and this was the only way I could get her to do anything, for some strange reason she loved all the other punishments I had thought of. My sister pushed her face into the bed, trying to hold in the urge to get me to cease, it didn't last long before she gave up.

She let out a long breath before screaming, "Stop! Oh, please...Hahahaha!"

"Do you really want me to stop?" I grinned, continuing the torture.

"Yes! Stop it! I can't breathe!"

"Now get up" I lightly slapped her butt as I got up, causing a light, unintentional squeak to escape from her.

I began to leave the room, heading towards our bathroom as I threw off what little clothes I was wearing.

"Sam?" Emily asked, poking her head up one more time.

"What is it, Em?"

"Five more minutes?" She asked this with a cheeky grin stretching across her face.

I sighed, I didn't care that I was now completely naked. I ran across the room and jumped back on the bed, once again holding my sister underneath me. This time she was turned around and gladly accepted my threats with a loving hug. As a collection of giggles filled the room, they slowly died down to just the sound of two people kissing each other's bodies.

---

This time Tanya's store wasn't as welcoming as it had been in the past. I had pulled the vehicle to the front of the shop and turned off the engine. Despite the lovely turn the morning took for my sister and I, we sat in complete silence for the entire journey, wondering what the day had in store for us. The sun had only just begun to rise, waking up the world before we managed to get to our destination. The shop's lights were all illuminated, letting us know that the store owner was there before we arrived. My heart skipped a beat as we saw the larger woman walk to the counter, right next to the front door; my heart stopped almost entirely as her eyes glanced over towards us.

After a second of squinting at the vehicle that belonged to her, she suddenly realised she was looking at Emily and I, she then brought her hand up and signalled to us to enter the shop.

"Here we go," I whispered.

Emily turned to face me, "Whatever happens, I love you."

"Don't be silly, nothing bad is going to happen to us" I laughed off her sentence, trying to believe the words myself.

"But can you say it anyway?"

"What?"

"Well... I said I love you."

I sighed, "I love you too, Em."

"Yay!" She almost jumped on her seat, the simple sentence was enough to bring her a magnitude of joy, despite almost a year of hearing it.

We both left the vehicle, leaving the frame of the van squealing as we closed the doors behind us. Approaching the shop felt like we were walking to our doom, taking my sister's hand in mine, we walked forwards until we were at the entrance of the shop. Tanya was already unlocking the door before we got to it, opening it just enough to allow us to squeeze inside before locking it back up the moment we were in the building.

"Hi Tanya" I greeted the woman, trying to gauge how annoyed she was after the events of yesterday.

"Morning Sam," the woman said back, not paying that much attention to me, "Right, Sam wait behind the counter and Emily come with me round back."

Emily's eyes went wide, almost as if she was trying to look as innocent as possible to the store owner, "Are you still mad at us?"

"I'll let you know in a moment" The older woman sounded hurried as she answered, "Please come round back with me, it'll all make sense later."

"Where's Becky?" I asked, "Is she okay?"

"She's fine. She's at home sleeping, it's far too early for her and you know what it's like to get her out of bed in the morning."

"Okay."

"So Sam, wait there please and Em, come with me."

It seemed odd that Tanya was rushing this, I had no idea what she wanted specifically with my sister, but neither of us were in the mood to push her tolerance with us any further. Emily gave me a look before the larger woman's arm travelled around her shoulders, encouraging her into the back.

I was glad she wasn't as mad as she was yesterday. The silence of the shop floor was almost unbearable, with no noise coming from the outside world and the entire shop sitting in silence, I began to feel my anxiety levels begin to rise. Quickly, I took a seat behind the counter and tried to settle down. My mind instantly went to wonder what was happening around the back and why Tanya wanted to separate us so swiftly. The Vacbed was out back, maybe Tanya was giving Emily a taste of what I experienced yesterday, however... absolutely no noise came from the back, the device yesterday required the vacuum cleaner to seal the victim within the latex, despite the distance I was sure I would hear the sound of the suction from where I was sitting.

Minutes went by and there was no noise whatsoever. Emily was loyal to the store owner and would remain silent if asked, but I was sure if the punishment was that bad, then Emily would make some sort of vocal reaction. I began to feel like I was going crazy, knowing two other people occupied the building, yet not a single peep out of either of them for this long, did something go wrong? Is Emily okay?

I stood up from the chair, getting myself ready to jump into the warehouse and see what was wrong. I didn't care if we were in trouble, I wanted to know if Emily was okay... I needed to know that she was okay.

"Sam?" Tanya asked, standing in the doorway to the warehouse, "Come on, it's your turn."

It was only seconds after I decided to stand up that the store owner appeared where she was. Emily was nowhere to be seen, but she expected me to follow her like a loyal puppy despite not telling me the fate Emily had.

"Is Em okay?" I asked, remaining perfectly still.

The larger woman chuckled, "What? Of course she's okay, I didn't do anything bad to her. Come along now, pet."

The laugh was reassuring. I think the questions were just my nerves getting into overdrive, this entire situation has a surreal feeling to it. I pulled myself out from behind the desk and walked over to the woman, she wrapped her arm around me; just like what she did with Emily and walked with me as we left the shopfloor and headed into the warehouse.

The large room was as cold and unwelcoming as it always has been. Tanya guided me to the small room where I had spent a majority of yesterday afternoon in, the place where the vacbed was stored. To my surprise, the device was still there, in exactly the same position it had been when we left the shop in the evening. I expected a scolding from using it without permission, but Tanya steered me away from the latex machine and towards a box further into the room.

I glanced around, there was no sign of my sister at all within this room or the rest of the warehouse, "Where's Emily?" I asked.

"You'll see her in a second, don't worry." Tanya knelt down and opened the box that was in front of us.

I had seen the box many times before, to the point that I saw it almost as often as I had met the older woman next to me, however it was still a surprise to see the suit I had worn so many times lying inside. Despite my nervousness, the suit looked as inviting as ever, all the memories and sensations this suit gave me travelled over my body as I glanced over the material, it had been a while since I was locked inside and the urge to return to that feeling was overwhelming, despite the events of the previous day.

Tanya turned towards me, "Well, get naked then?"

"Hang on, aren't we supposed to be punished? What kind of punishments could come from wearing-"

I stopped myself, I dreaded to think what could happen to us whilst locked in these suits. I wouldn't doubt Tanya's ability to punish us even when we had the enjoyment of being her pets, it has happened many times in the past.

"Who said anything about being punished?" Tanya scoffed, almost hurt that I would say such a thing.

"Well... yesterday you seemed really mad."

"Oh, I was, but you shouldn't worry about that now. Do you need help with taking your clothes off? Or are you a big girl and can do it yourself?"

She winked as she said this. I rolled my eyes and began undressing myself, it was too early in the day to be playing these mind games with someone like Tanya, she was the queen of mind games. I threw all of my clothes on the floor, revealing my completely naked body to the woman; a sight she had viewed multiple times since we first met. She helped me by opening the suit and allowing me to step into the tight material, after that it glided up my body without any issues and then it was my arms turn to travel into the paws the outfit had attached to itself.

It was an oddly satisfying sensation to feel my hands curl up into a ball the moment the tips of my fingers reached their destination and the same with the other hand once that was inside. The store owner then began placing the shoulders of the suit over my own shoulders and the familiar sensation of the zip at the back of the suit tightening the latex came over me.

This was it, I was now locked within the outfit and at Tanya's mercy, something I had become used to over time. However, despite being used to the feeling of being locked inside, I still had a dreaded feeling in the pit of my stomach that has happened every single time I felt that zip being done up. Maybe it was the realisation that I had no idea where the day was going to go, Tanya could do whatever she wanted to me in this state and I had no power to stop her, I had many interesting adventures as a pet and most of the time it was Tanya's doing that made the event so interesting.

I turned my paws over, staring at the paw print on the underside, it looked so eerily similar to the one Becky had on her new outfit. Staring down at my body reminded me how much of my body was on show despite being 'dressed', not only did the outfit hug my body as tight as possible, showing off every curve and bump that traditional clothes would have hidden, but I somehow forgotten the outfits had nothing to cover my chest, my breasts were fully on show and there was nothing I could do to hide them.

"So... how did the meeting go yesterday?" I questioned the store owner as she finished at my back and was in the process of getting the mask ready.

"Oh... it went well," she answered abruptly.

"Becky said she recognised the woman you had the meeting with."

"Yeah, she said something about it last night."

"She said the woman was the same one who sold her the items of clothing she was wearing yesterday. The same one with the identical paws to the ones in this suit."

I lifted my paws up to her face to show the prints that were underneath.

"What are you getting at, Sam?" The slightly annoyed tone Tanya gave off had me doubt myself.

"I...I just want to know if the same person who made the outfit Becky purchased was the same person who made this?"

"The woman I met up with is called Thea, she's an old friend of mine who enjoys knitting, she mostly sells her wares online, but occasionally hires out a shop or stall and sells her merchandise in person. She's interested in selling her wares at my shop, something to help her get a little more income as she's going through a tough time at the moment."

"Oh... I'm sorry to hear she's having trouble."

"We've known each other for a long time, she used to work with me when I first opened this store, so she was potentially 'inspired' by these outfits."

"These outfits? How long have you had these for?"

"Oh... Umm... A long while. Sam... we are running short on time, I promise you'll know more about my friend in the near future and I am more than happy to answer any questions you and Emily have at a later date. Can I get this hood on you now?"

I glanced at the mask that Tanya had in her hands, the lifeless eyes of the head of my suit stared back at me, almost as if it was waiting for an answer from me as well. I nodded lightly and turned back round, allowing the larger woman to proceed.

"So the meeting was a success?" I asked one last time before I was sealed away.

"Yes... the meeting was a success."

---

I crawled out of the room, feeling the air empty from my paws each time they came in contact with the floor was something I had forgotten about since last being a pet, the air blowing between my locked fingers ticked, it was a struggle to remember the last time i was crawling beside Tanya as her pet, but it was easy to return to that mindset; especially as the woman called out to my sister to join us.

Seeing the glee in Emily's eyes as she crawled towards me was heartwarming. The girl in the pink outfit was hiding behind some boxes as I was going through the process of being locked away, clearly commanded by the store owner to keep hidden and quiet until I fell into the same trap. Emily wasted no time getting as close to me as possible before running the tip of her mask against mine, mimicking some form of affection usually seen in animals.

"C'mon girls!" Tanya hasted us by slapping her thighs as she continued walking back to the shop floor, "We wasted enough time already, let's get back out there."

Emily immediately stopped and began crawling after the larger woman, I followed my sister as closely as I could. Something did seem odd about this entire scenario, why would Tanya want us in our pet outfits in the shop? Why did we have to get here so early? Tanya did her best to hide us when we were in our pet forms, not wanting customers to see us in this state and potentially take advantage of us if that person wanted to.

It seemed almost as if she was going against all the rules she had made so far. Especially as she walked us to the middle of the shop, where there were multiple large windows and any pedestrian could walk past and see what was happening inside. Tanya stopped us both, getting us into specific positions together. She wanted us kneeling side-by-side, on our knees with our paws resting on our thighs, even going as far as to move our bodies manually with her hands.

With us in the exact stances she deemed the most desirable, she walked backwards slowly and looked us up and down. Emily and I shared quick glances of confusion, returning our heads forwards before she told us off for moving. Her head rested on her hand the entire time she was staring at us, before suddenly slapping her hands together once she was happy with the overall result.

"Perfect... just perfect," Tanya beamed happily, "Stay exactly like that for a second, can you do that?"

Both Emily and I nodded stiffly, trying to keep the positions.

"Great!" The store owner turned around and called out towards the other side of the store, "Oh Thea! They are ready!"

My heart jumped, 'Thea' was the name of the woman she said she had the meeting with yesterday, the woman she used to be friends with, the woman who had made those items Becky had purchased.

I did not have the time to react as our attention was drawn to the changing rooms, this entire time I had failed to notice the red curtain was pulled closed and a pair of high heeled shoes sticking out of the bottom. The curtain was pulled back and the smiling white teeth of the woman was the first thing I noticed. This 'Thea' dramatically pulled the curtains open entirely before bouncing her way towards us, looking as if she wanted to eat us up. She was moving very swiftly for a woman who was wearing high heels. Her legs were fully on show, only covered by a short skirt that ended about halfway up her thighs, a white, loose shirt covered her slim waist but was unbuttoned enough to show off enough of her neck to reveal a shining, sea blue necklace. Her shoulder-length light brown hair bounced the entire time she was making her way over to us.

After being distracted by the clothes and accessories the woman had on her, the very last thing I noticed was how beautiful Thea was, her skin was almost glowing, her eyes were a very pale green that made them stand out naturally.

"Oh wow..." Even her voice was angelic, "They are perfect!"

"Thea, this is Samantha and Emily" Tanya introduced us, "Sam, Em, this is Thea, she's the woman I had the meeting with yesterday and she was the one who made your suits."

My eyes widened, I fought the urge to pump my paw in the air and scream the fact that I was right, the same woman who knitted Becky's outfit was the same one who made the outfits Emily and I were currently enclosed in.

"It's lovely to meet you two," Thea continued, "You look so good in those outfits, they hug your figures so well, almost as if I made them for you before I even knew you."

She actually reached down and grabbed my right paw with both of her hands, shaking it as if she was shaking the hand of an actual person, seconds later doing the exact same thing with my sister. The older woman was excited and unsure on how to react, despite being the one who made the outfits that were hugging our naked forms. I watched Thea's eyes glance down towards my stomach, seconds later she reached out for my side, I felt the tips of her fingers graze the black latex before she immediately withdrew it, holding her hands together as if she was stopping herself from moving it again.

"Oh... sorry, I'm getting ahead of myself" Her tone was genuine, she cleared her throat as she put her hand back down, "Do I have your permission to touch you?"

It was shocking to see her react this way, I was so used to feeling less than human in this state that it felt odd to be treated in the same way if I wasn't covered in latex. It's not often a person would ask permission to stroke a pet, usually they didn't have the restraint to do so. I quickly glanced at Emily who gave me back a blank and somewhat confused expression. It was clear she didn't know how to gauge this woman, despite her natural beauty and loving demeanor.

I nodded, not having any issues with the woman taking her actions further. In a way, I felt as if the suit belonged to her and she didn't need to ask, she could do whatever she liked to it, I was just a visitor locked inside. She couldn't contain herself, she thanked me before placing both of her hands on my body. Her left hand went to my cheek, the mask that covered my face was thick enough that I couldn't feel a thing when she did this, her right hand went to my side; the place she initially wanted to go, she rested her palm at the tip of my thigh.

She flashed her teeth as she smiled, "Oh, that's amazing, I forgot how amazing this suits feel."

Her hold only lasted a few seconds before she stood up and walked over to Emily, she did the exact same thing and asked her for permission to touch; which Emily immediately and enthusiastically nodded to. This time, Thea didn't go for the same areas she did with me, both of her hands went to the sides of the stomach, resting just below Emily's chest, whilst her four fingers stayed in the same place, Thea's thumbs began gliding over the front of the suit, over where Emily's ribs were.

I knew she was admiring how tight the pet outfit was against our bodies, yet still allowed for almost perfect movement without the latex stretching or being too uncomfortable for us, but Thea's hand placement was in the exact spot Emily was most ticklish. My sister's face went red, much darker than the pink suit that covered most of her skin. Inside she was trying her hardest not to burst out laughing, or try to tell the woman to stop through a gagged mouth, I wanted to laugh at the odd sight, but I also wanted to try and stop her from unknowingly teasing my sister further.

"Oh, Emily is very ticklish... sorry" Tanya stepped in, being much more polite than I had ever heard her be before.

Thea pulled her hands away from the girl next to me and stood up, "Oh, I'm so sorry, Emily. I didn't know, I hope you are okay?"

Emily nodded again as her skin slowly transitioned back to its normal colour. I knew she was too polite to get the lady to stop, but it must have been unpleasant for the poor girl, especially as I had spent most of the morning ticking her for not getting out of bed on time. We both returned to our positions before, as if we were being inspected by the new woman.

Tanya walked up to her old friend, placing her arm around the woman's thin waist. Once they were both together, I realised Thea was a fair bit taller than the shop owner, with Thea's shoulders standing just below Tanya's head. Thea returned the hug as another realisation entered my mind. I automatically assumed that they would have been the same age, with both women having known each other for a while, but it was clear Thea was the younger one, easily by ten years.

"So here they are," Tanya said, showing us off as if we were trophies.

"Here they are," Thea copied, "They are just so perfect."

"They are... well, as we agreed. You can have them for the day, I just need them back here for three o'clock, deal?"

"Deal! I can't wait, three o'clock gives us plenty of time to spend with each other."

Wait... what? Was Tanya really going to give us to this woman for the whole day? I looked at Emily who didn't react in any way, back to the store owner and then to this new woman. No one thought it was odd that we weren't told about this scenario. Although, a long, soft grin did appear on Tanya's face the moment Thea wasn't looking, showing me that she had this planned.

"Don't worry, Sam," Tanya tried to soothe me from a distance, "You'll be in safe hands, I trust Thea here completely."

"I'll take good care of you, I promise," Thea reacted.

Her voice was so sweet, running past my ear so smoothly as if it was audible chocolate. It did calm me down in a way, despite the nervousness of this new woman, it was clear that she had some experience with dealing with pets in the past. Tanya walked over to the store's entrance, unlocking and opening both doors before we were led out by Thea. Feeling the cool morning air hit my bare breasts did return the slight sense of dread I had before, but at that point I was so focused on following the woman to her car without being caught that I didn't have time to worry about it. Luckily, the early time of day meant the street was completely empty except for us.

"Have a good day!" I heard Tanya call out before she closed the doors back up.

Hearing the locks slam shut didn't help the situation, it felt as if there was no way out now, all we had to do was follow Thea's instructions, there will be no input from the store owner from this moment forward. Thea's car was rather simplistic in comparison to the bright, energetic personality she was showing off, not too different to the vehicle I drove nearly everyday.

She opened the door to the back seats and let us in, both Emily and I required a little help going from the sidewalk to the comfort of the car, but it was over within seconds. Thea awkwardly helped us put the seatbelt on before closing the door behind her. Seconds later, the driver's side door opened and she jumped in, seemingly receiving a new level of energy as she turned the engine on.

"Hope you two are ready for a day of fun?" She said in a very enthusiastic tone.

She glanced into the rearview mirror with her bright eyes, taking the image of the two pets in. It felt as if she was expecting an answer from one of us, forgetting our mouths were bound within the suits. After a few seconds, she awkwardly put her car into gear and drove off.

---

A whole selection of emotions ran through my bound body throughout the entire car journey. I had no idea where we were going, I didn't know much about this woman at all, yet I was sitting in the backseat of her car whilst in the pet outfit along with my sister, both of our chests were fully on show and neither of us had the ability to speak or use our hands for anything useful. I had to remember that Tanya wouldn't put us into any bad situations, she might have pushed us to the limit of what we were comfortable with, but she wouldn't ever do anything that would put us into any danger.

At times I would be comfortable, relaxing in the soft seat as I watched the world drive by, seeing the small buildings of the quiet town transform completely into trees, but then I would get nervous as we were still in the car after a short time of driving. The journey itself wasn't very long, about the same amount of time from my house to Tanya's store, but every minute I was sat in that seat meant a minute I was further away from our bungalow, from the safety that Tanya provided us.

Unfortunately, Thea wasn't much of a talker. She tried to fill the journey with noise and jokes, but it was clear she wasn't the most sociable person around, especially as the two other people occupying the space of her car were unable to talk back. Instead, she decided to turn on the radio the second she ran out of things to talk about, a nice distraction from the weird situation we found ourselves in..

Soon the car finally turned off the main road, after a few minutes of travelling down some rural roads we finally came to the destination. Thea let us know we arrived, calling out to us in her sweet voice. It was a hamlet, far too small to be a town and easily much more empty than any village in the area.

She drove up the vacant road, passing a few older people she knew. I immediately ducked down, not wanting to be seen half naked by any strangers.

Thea laughed, "You don't have to worry, Sam. The back windows are tinted, they can't see you."

I steadily placed myself back into my original position, even Emily was holding her paw out in front of her face and silently laughing at me. The car journey still went on for another minute, a long drive up a very small dirt road had both Emily and I shaking left to right as the vehicle struggled against the uneven terrain. However, soon we were at Thea's house.

The sight before us was one I never thought I would ever see. It was a rustic cottage, a comfortable looking building that had its beauty hidden away from the world, looking as if it was something straight out of a kid's cartoon. A selection of trees of other forms of nature hugged onto the unnatural building, as if wanting to reclaim it for themselves; a sight that added to the charm of the place. Thea stopped the car just in front of the building, giving both Emily and I a moment to fully take it in. I leaned forward as much as the seat-belt would allow me, trying to get as good as a view I could possibly get from the backseat.

"Beautiful, isn't it?" Thea asked, looking back at us, "It's my parents' place, I'm just looking after it while they are away on holiday. Wish I could say it was mine though, I love this house" She turned back around on her seat before continuing, "That's why I'm in the area. I live around London and sell my items in shops and markets, but thought I might as well try and see if I could get customers around here, turns out I can. Tanya even told me one of my customers worked for her, she said her name was Becky?"

I nodded, the only way I could answer.

"Yeah, so who knows. I might see if I can stay here for a little longer, not that I don't want to go back to London, but the countryside is so beautiful." She shook her head as if trying to wake herself up, "Anyways, buildings aren't just good for looking at, you should see inside too."

The wooden door creaked loudly as it opened, allowing the light of the outside world to enter the small cottage. Thea stepped into her temporary home and pressed a switch on the wall next to her, this illuminated most of the building. The small selection of windows the cottage had meant not much natural light could shine through, this kept her home mostly in the dark.

However, a beautiful sight awaited Emily and I seconds after our eyes adjusted to the inside world, the front door led straight into the living area. A well-used, large sofa and chair were placed around a large, open fireplace, in front of these were a coffee table that looked like it was cut straight from a tree. An ancient TV sat in the corner of the room, as if it was barely used, but the main attraction of this area was a large bookcase that took up the entirety of a wall. The bookcase itself looked as if it was also cut straight from a tree, but it was painstakingly carved to perfection, showing off a selection of vines and flowers that travelled book to book, highlighting the contents it held as well as being a beautiful piece of art to look at.

I felt uneasy crawling into a strange home, but I knew I had to further inspect that object. The sound of my paws patting against the carpeted floor filled the room as Thea and Becky stayed silent, watching as I approached the bookcase.

"Oh yeah, my Dad made that years ago. Surprised it's still standing to be honest" Thea said, despite the dismissive words she said, I could sense a feeling of pride in her words.

The bookcase was crammed with fiction and non-fiction. Biographies and real-life events were mixed in with some of the most well known made up stories. To my surprise, despite the rustic look and feel of the object, there were a selection of newer and lesser known stories hidden between them. I gently ran my paw along the wood, somehow feeling the little bumps and imperfections that were made during the carving process.

It took a while, but Emily soon joined me. She was far more interested in the actual books than I was, but I could sense she was also nervous for being in a strange place in her pet outfit. She copied me almost exactly, but she ran her paw over the books themselves, taking in the names of the authors and the stories they created.

"You two must really like your books, huh?" Thea asked, "You can take out any book you like, if you would like to look at it?"

I wanted to laugh, despite this woman being the maker of the suits we were wearing, she seemed to easily forget that the paws bound our fingers together and were practically useless until we were stripped of the latex. I finally moved away from the bookcase, the only other part of the room was a door that led to the kitchen, a room that was also as rustic and beautiful as the rest of the property. Slowly I crawled across the room to Thea, who was taking a seat on the well-used sofa.

"My parents aren't very modern people... they never were." I watched as she played with her fingers, a nervous action I had seen Emily do many times before, "Even that TV in the corner was barely used throughout my childhood. It doesn't even have that many channels on it. I must apologise, I did lie to you before."

I stopped, suddenly nervous about what the lie could have been. Being locked in this suit made us very vulnerable and we had to put all of our trust in our owner; as temporary as they might have been.

She continued, "I'm not house-sitting for my parents. I've moved back in with them. They are on holiday, so you don't have to worry about that, but I've had to leave London behind me. Saying I'm house sitting sounds much more professional than I've had to move back home."

I sighed, letting a small relief travel over me, I placed my paw on her bare knee and leaned in closer; trying to tell her that I was curious about what brought her back here, luckily she completely understood me.

She smiled, though I could tell it was a painful one, "Divorce is not all it's cracked up to be. Not only did I have to deal with the break-up with a man I've spent the last eight years with, but then you have to meet with lawyers to discuss separation of assets and other legal boring stuff." She shook her head, "Anyways, that's a whole different issue, I've brought you here so I could enjoy your company."

Thea was clearly heartbroken, struggling with the issues her current life faced. Though she had the biggest smile as her eyes looked over the outfit I was wearing, one that she personally made herself; the pain never ceased from her eyes. Despite the fact she was almost a complete stranger to me, it hurt to see her in this state. It was a shame to see the genuine smile I saw earlier transform into an empty mask, a pretend grin.

I joined her on the sofa, momentarily releasing the form of the pet to sit side-by-side with her, I wrapped her in my arms, placing my paws against her soft back and held her as tight as I could, going as far as to nuzzle my muzzle into her neck. I knew that was what she needed, she might have been a stranger to me but I was more meaningful to her, my eyes might have been different but I was a familiar face, I was a part of her past and she needed that part more than anything.

She breathed in deeply through her nose, "Ah, I've missed that smell."

I felt her hands reach round me, holding me nearly as tight as I was holding her. She continued taking in the unique scent of the latex as the current struggles she faced slowly faded as the pet's embrace began to bring her a little joy. It didn't even matter that my bare breasts were being pushed against her chest, it wasn't a sexual moment. However, I was far too into the embrace to notice that Emily had finally left the bookcase behind and joined in on the hug, resting her head tenderly on the new woman's lap.

Tanya always knew about the effects a pet could bring someone, having a silent, listening, bound girl on your lap was enough to make anyone's heart beat that little bit faster. I wondered if Thea knew about this effect when she initially designed the suits. Hearing her heart beat louder as faster as my sister and I embraced her confirmed that she either did not know this, or she simply forgot.

The room went silent, only the 'bump, bump, bump' of Thea's heart and soft whimper the woman produced could be heard, a beautiful moment in a beautiful room. I did not know if this was what the woman brought us here for, maybe she had wanted to see the suits in movement once more? Or maybe the idea of spending the day with two pets was more of a keen interest she had. Unfortunately, answers to the many questions I had will have to wait whilst I was wearing the hood and all I could do was enjoy the moment with this new woman.

For a brief second I felt the woman's fingertips graze against my bare breast, narrowly missing my nipple.

"Hey!" Thea shouted, waking us all up from the quiet embrace we were just having, "Do you guys want to see my favourite part of the cottage?"

She stood up not even a second after speaking, forcing me off her lap and back onto the floor next to Emily; even my sister seemed shocked at the sudden outburst of the woman. Thea wasted no time walking past us as back into the corridor we came in on.

"Come on, there is no time to waste" her voice transformed into an echo as she left the room behind her.

We followed the woman close, from the room we were just in down a rather narrow corridor, passed what I assumed must have been bedrooms until we finally reached a door with a fogged up glass letting in the light of the natural world. Thea stopped with her hand on the doorknob, looking at us both with a strange level of excitement on her face.

"Are you two ready?" She asked, her eyes darting between us both.

We nodded in unison.

"Perfect!"

She opened the door, illuminating the small corridor with the unfiltered light of the morning. We all shielded our eyes until they slowly became used to the brightness, which took longer than expected. The wait was worth it though, the image Thea presented to us was one of the most beautiful ones I had ever seen in my life. The sky was a bright orange whilst the sun was beginning to climb the horizon, only filtered by the dark clouds that began to fade away. The light shone on Thea's parents' garden which was a collection of dirt paths that travelled between collections of flowers. Everything here was completely natural apart from the old pieces of garden furniture and decorations that were slowly being reclaimed by the world.

"I love this place" Thea grinned, stepping outside onto the stone path, "I always come here if I need time to myself."

Emily and I followed. Everything looked like it was from a fairytale, the light illuminating on all the colours of the flowers, collections of insects and birds moving around and making the ancient furniture and items their homes and silence, not a single sound that came from the outside world, only those that belonged to nature.

"What do you girls think?" Thea asked, "Do you like it?"

Emily crawled forwards, trying to take in more of the sight than her eyes would allow. Then, as I was distracted, she gave me a gentle push, almost knocking me off my paws. I quickly looked back at her, seeing the grin in her eyes before she crawled as fast as she could down one of the paths.

I shook my head, knowing that she didn't stand a chance of outrunning me. I leaped forward, following the trail down towards the garden, knowing she wouldn't be able to even hide as her legs brought up dust, allowing me to easily find her even if I gave her a head start. It didn't take long until I caught a glimpse of the pink latex shining in the morning sun, quickly disappearing behind a collection of flowers. That was when I decided to stop and allowed her more time to run and hide, I wanted to make it a game for myself until I had her body in my paws, my mind beginning to think of how I could delicately tease and torture her once she became my prisoner.

As I began crawling further into the garden, Thea's voice begging for us to be careful slowly faded away until the silence of the area once again hit my ears, allowing me to focus entirely on finding Emily, as if I was a lioness hunting her prey.

I was smiling the entire time underneath my mask. Thea allowed us to play once more, there were no 'human' issues to deal with, no thoughts about upcoming weddings and certainly no thoughts on us moving away soon. She allowed us to be who we wanted to be, even if it was temporary.

We were pets once more.
