---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiesad/claire.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Claire's Latex Journey
authors:
- NaughtyBaggedGirl
tags:
- MM/f
- bond
- kidnap
- latex
- breathplay
- sex
- encased
- nc
- X
---

Claire awoke to find herself in an awkward state. She could see nothing
but hazy images and smell nothing but rubber. She licked her lips only
to find she could taste nothing but rubber. It was as if her skin had been
changed to latex. (A marvellous thought she mused) Attempting to work out
what had happened, Claire lifted her hand. She found that she could move
her hands no more than a few centimetres in any direction. Her feet too were
restrained similarly. She was almost about to cry out when she heard a door open.

“That’s the one. That’s the girl the master wanted,” grunted a rough
sounding guy.

“You sure?” replied a younger but nevertheless still uncouth man, maybe
his partner.

“Well let’s get her in the truck and go. We're late as it is.” Said
the older one.

“Hey look at your watch already biff! You’re looking at the wrong hour.
We are not late, we are way, way early!” said the young one.

“In that case, we got spare time for a bit of slap and tickle with the
merchandise I would think...” said Biff in an erotic tone of voice.

“Heh heh heh...” was all his partner said.

Together the two men unstrapped or untied whatever restraints were holding
poor Claire so tightly. Claire didn’t have time to react though because
Biff waved a device over her face that emitted a high pitch noise. Within
seconds Claire was out cold and the movers picked her up and carried her
out of the room. They commented to each other that she was indeed a nice
catch and what they were going to do to her before passing her on to master.
Claire heard nothing of this. Claire slept quietly in her latex.

Later, the two movers pulled their vehicle over, on some dusty old road
in the middle of nowhere. Biff and the other one went into the back of
the truck and approached the still sleeping Claire. They had strapped Claire
tightly to one of two fixed stretchers in the back of the truck. The other
stretcher was also occupied by another women in the same bondage as Claire.
The movers winked to each other and proceeded to wake her up. Claire awoke
to a mind numbing pain in her lungs. She tried to breath but something
was stopping her! She twisted her head this way and that making harsh rasping
noises as she struggled to pull just a lungful of life giving air into
her poor deprived lungs.

Seeing that she had suffered enough, Biff tore a slit in the plastic
bag that he had secured over her head with duct tape. Claire breathed deep
and hard but not for long. She rapidly exhaled as one of the movers mounted
her restrained body and began to fuck the life out of her! The other watched
and occasionally used a piece of duct tape to cover her air inlet. Claire
found this to be so erotic that she was actually enjoying this offence.

The movers continued on this way, swapping roles many times until Claire
was totally fucked out and close to passing out from lack of air. Then
the movers did her a favour. They held up a mirror above her face and allowed
Claire to look at her own reflection. Claire blinked and stared. She was
totally cocooned in latex. Every inch of her body was tightly covered in
this marvellous substance. Even her head was covered. But in a special
form. Her attached hood covered every indent in her head, tightly plastering
her hair down, and lining the inside of her mouth and covering her nose.
The lining of latex in her mouth helped to press down her tongue, effectively
gagging her, but to allow breathing; there was a small hole in the end
of the lining pocket. Claire tried to expel the latex in her mouth but
something prevented her, the latex was unusually thick and inflexible.

Her eyes however were covered in a clearer form of latex. It allowed
her to see through better but it still restricted her vision. Claire gave
up trying and continued looking at her body in the mirror. The latex was
skin tight from her toes to her fingertips. Totally form fitting, and semi
clear. Her feet were tightly enclosed, like a nice pair of socks, her legs
were gripped in the elastic embrace of latex while her crotch was open
and a slit allowed access to her mons. Her stomach and chest, and her breasts
were all covered in latex, with no openings what so ever.

Claire found that by twisting her upper body a bit, she could play her
nipples across their latex covering. This aroused her immensely. But what
surprised Claire the most is that her hands were not enclosed in gloves.
More like they were covered or enclosed in mittens! She tried to open her
hands but they were forced into fists and unable to be used. Her wrists
were strapped tightly down anyway, as were her ankles and her waist and
her chest. So any fighting was useless. Claire resigned to arousing herself
with her nipples as the movers dressed and checked her restraints. They
saw her playing and responded by slapping her across the cheek. “Once more
and we will put you back to sleep girlie!” shouted Biff.

And Claire lay still. She would rather lie back and feel the latex covering
her skin rather than sleep. Latex was so much more erotic.

\* \* \* \*

Claire’s pussy was being intensely aroused by the constant bumps and
vibrations of the truck. The latex, although it didn’t cover her mons,
did cover right up to the edge of her lips and kept playing on their surface.
This combined with the all-enclosing presence of the rubbery film, made
Claire as hot as hell. But she couldn’t do anything about it! The straps
held firm and made her as helpless as a baby. Claire resigned to dreaming
about a big strong man who teased her with a bag and a dildo.

It was almost an hour before Claire was jolted out of fantasy by a rough
grating noise and a firm hand on her wrist. She realised that she was being
transported out of the vehicle to a house or office. It was dark so Claire
knew she had been dozing for some time. One of the mover’s kicked the door
open, and together they carried her into a room at the back of the house
and put her down on a bench. They left, presumably to get the other latex
victim. Claire lay alone in the dark for about 10 minutes. What’s taking
them so long? She thought. Almost as if in response the light was flicked on and
Claire squinted at the sudden bright light coming through to her latex
covered eyes.

“Put her over there you two, and be gentle.”

Claire jumped. That voice... She was sure she had heard it before. But
where?

She tried to turn her head to see but to no avail. The mystery man ordered
the two movers out of the room and walked over to Claire, standing behind
her almost as if he wanted to look down her length. He used one hand to
gently rub her breast through the latex covering. He only did this for
two or three rubs, as if to tease. But for Claire, every rub counted and
by the time he had finished those rubs, she was already randy and raring
to go. Only to be denied. With a small whistle, the man ordered the movers,
who had returned from their mysterious job, to untie Claire’s restraints,
and pick her up. Claire heard a grating noise and found herself being placed
into something cool.

Water!

They had put Claire into a large fish tank. She had heard the lid being
removed. Claire struggled, trying to surface, keeping her mouth closed
as tight as the latex would allow, to prevent water invading. She felt
a firm hand around her neck as another hand pulled a latex hood over her
head. At first Claire resisted until she realised that this full cover
hood had a tube attached to the mouth region so she could breathe. The
tube presumably went to the surface and then to god knows where.

She was calmly breathing now until she felt a prick in her arm and a
small sting as a needle was used. The deep voiced man told her that this
injection would eliminate the need or ability to piss or crap for up to
72 hours. Claire couldn’t work out why they would give her that until she
felt her head being pushed under the water and the lid being re-attached.
Claire tried to surface but could not. The tank was almost full, right
up to the lid with only a quarter inch of air at the top. But this was
soon eliminated with a hose. The water pressure rose gently as the tank
was filled and all air was eliminated. Making the environment feel somewhat
like a deep-sea dive.

This is new, thought Claire as she heard an electric motor being used. She almost thought she heard the deep voice say (distorted thru the
water)“All bolted properly?”

“Yes Sir.”

“Good. She won't be going anywhere. Lets go.”

With that, Claire saw the room darken as the light was turned out, she
heard the door close and faintly heard a lock being turned. She was alone.
Alone in the dark, locked into a water filled prison, totally covered in
latex. No way out, no one to feed her. No drink. No hope of escape.

Now she realised why they had given her the injection. Oh my god she
thought.

They couldn’t! They couldn’t leave her like this for three days??

Could they?

\* \* \* \*

In the inky darkness of her tank, Claire floated aimlessly. The tank
was big enough for her to roll over and she could move about a foot in
any direction. Her latex kept her from feeling the full brunt of the cold
water, however over a couple of hours, she became accustomed to it and
actually felt comfortable. There was nothing to do however, and Claire
was bored. Bored beyond belief.

To pass the time, for the first few hours, she tried to rub her crotch
but the water slowed her actions and her mittens prevented any serious
stimulation by her normally nimble fingers. If it wasn’t for the mask and
the gag, Claire would have screamed in frustration and boredom. She had
no idea how she was going to pass time, and after a while, didn’t even
realise time was passing at all. The light level, being extremely low,
didn’t change at all. Claire had lost the ability to remember how long
she had been imprisoned like this.

Slowly, time was passing, but Claire began to get hungry. She didn’t
need to urinate or pass solids while in her bondage, however she did need
to eat. She was aware of a very thin trickle of water that occasionally
passed through the breathing tube to keep her hydrated but it had no taste
and did little to satisfy her hunger pangs. Her stomach lurched angrily
as it demanded food and thoughts of mild panic began to creep into Claire’s
mind. What if they didn’t come back? What if they had an accident and got
killed and nobody came? What if they forgot she was here? What if the machine
keeping her breathing broke down?

These thoughts began to be ever more present in her mind and they began
to contribute to fear. She began getting a little paranoid and was eagerly
listening for every smallest sound outside, hoping it would be them. But
her mind told her that no way could 72 hours have passed already. Her skin
was developing a thin film of sweat now as her own body heat had slowly
warmed the water and her heat was beginning to build inside the latex suit.
It was a repeating cycle and over the hours, Claire was getting warmer
and warmer.

This added to her fears and was slowly eroding her self-control. She
had been imprisoned in escape proof restraints for days in the past but
this sensory deprivation work was new and scary. For some reason, Claire
decided to try something she hadn’t tried before. She moved her hand to
the wall of her tank and pressed on it. Naturally she floated back against
the force until she rested against the other wall. But she had plenty of
room to extend her arm and apply pressure. To her surprise. The wall seemed
to give a bit. She tried the upper barrier, the lid, but it gave no indication
of budging.

If Claire was going to escape this horrible confinement, she would have
to risk her life by breaking the wall and hoping she could avoid being
sucked out by the exiting water past jagged glass to a sure as eggs death
by slashing. These thoughts ran through her mind as she contemplated the
idea of escaping this way. She could hang on tight to the air tube, knowing
that her previous attempt to pull it further into the tank, failed, thus
confirming she had a fixed anchoring point, but this would not help her
legs which protruded five feet down into the tank. How could she hold these
in place?

Claire was at a loss of how to do it, so decided that the best she could
do under the circumstances was plant her feet down and brace herself. She
moved into position, floating until she could apply pressure and hold her
own. Then she began to push. She extended her arm and pressed against her
other arm, making sure to apply pressure to a point of the glass with her
hand, and she pushed HARD. The glass creaked angrily as Claire pushed harder
and harder. The latex mitten helped keep her hand in shape as a powerful
ram and the surface of the latex gripped the glass nicely. Suddenly, things
moved in slow motion as the roaring noise from the glass turned into a
massive shattering cacophony and exploded outward.

Time seemed to slow down as the glass wall left its mountings and fell
outward. The pressure of the water shoving it out at high speed and the
water following close behind it. Claire felt the initial drag build to
the strength of a vacuum cleaner and despite her best efforts, she could
feel herself moving toward the gaping rift in the wall of her tank. She
scrabbled against the floor and the lid trying to find purchase for herself.

Slowly the exiting speed of the water slowed to a manageable level and
Claire breathed a sigh of relief. She righted herself, after finding she
was lying on her back and examined the hole. It was a massive gaping wound
in the tank nearly three feet long and a foot high. The edges were all
jagged and vicious looking. Claire felt threatened by this but at least
she had an escape route. Slowly she found some small smooth edges and grasped
those, slowly pushing herself out the hole and down to the floor. Luckily
she was only a foot off the ground.

She could feel large pieces of glass under her feet through her latex
covered feet and she stepped carefully to avoid getting cut to ribbons.
She walked slowly and deliberately away from the remains of the tank and
approached a wall. Claire was exhausted and sank down to the floor to sit
and rest. Her breathing tube had been yanked free when she exited the tank
and now lay like a dead snake near her. Claire could hear it slowly pumping
air as if she was still attached to it.

Right now though, Claire wanted to escape. And she knew that the door
was locked. Hopefully there was another door or a window from which she
could escape through. Her vision was impaired by the mask material over
her eyes and she didn’t dare try to cut it off with some glass. She just
peered through it at the dark room, slowly walking toward the wall where
the light switch was. Several times she bumped into heavy objects but eventually
she found the doorframe and promptly slammed the light switch with her
mittened hand.

Having been in darkness for over 10 hours, unbeknownst to Claire, she
was blinded by the light even though her eyes were shrouded in latex. It
took her several minutes before she could look clearly and thankfully the
light aided her in seeing even through the latex. She could see with only
a slight distortion. As Claire stood up and examined the room, her breath
escaped her, and she stood still. Her heartbeat quickened and she felt
as if she was about to faint.

The only thought that went through her mind
was... “Oh... my... God.”

06/05/01
