---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Upside-Down Cruixification
authors:
- Ann Johnson
tags:
- Sbf
- leather
- public
- chain
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2004-06-10 00:00:00
---

Here is the first part of another Selfbondage adventure I embarked
on. This one was the most ambitious yet and ended a lot more painfull than
I had planned. I am always suprised by myself; when things have got a bit
too heavy I swear to give up my fetish once and for all. Then a few days
later, I am planning new ways to put myself in physically and emtionally
ackward positions. As you know I love the feeling of tight jeans or pants
chained to my body in such a way as they cannot be removed without the
key to the locks or by cutting the chains off. Well I am toying with the
idea of being chained like this  for a 7 days. This will have to require
me using a catheter to pee. do you have any tips, suggestions or information
on this, or hopefully an alternative.
 
 
**Upside-Down Cruixification**
**Part One**
 
Friends of mine were away on 2-week vacation recently and I  put
myself forward to look after their house. I had been to visit a number
of times and was familiar with the layout of the house and was really excited
about the prospect of having some bondage fun in a new and somewhat unfamiliar
environment. They have been married about five years and are both very
much career-orientated people.

The house is enormous, 5 bedroom, 3 bathroom, attic converted games
room, a huge basement and a 2 car garage with a workshop at the rear. They
left for the airport on Friday morning and phoned me the following day
to say they had arrived at their destination and had settled into their
hotel. They live about a mile from me and I strolled over there after I
had spoken to them at about 4pm for a snoop around. There were a number
of items I was looking for in particular. I had seen my friend wearing
a knee length leather skirt, leather pants and a number of pairs of various
style boots and shoes. She is a size or two smaller than me but hoped they
would fit. The quality of her garments is more than I could possible afford
and looked forwarded to seeing how real leather felt on my skin. I also
wanted to check out the facilities in terms of my self-bondage.

I entered the house from the rear and made my way from room to room
checking out closets, wardrobes etc for her clothing.  The excitement
was building gradually but knowing I had the house to myself for two weeks
meant I could browse at my leisure. I had a feeling she would not have
taken any leather clothing with her on a sun holiday and I was proved right
when I opened a closet and found what I had been looking for all neatly
arranged on hangers.   I was careful not to disturb anything
too much and made a mental note of how the items were arranged and hung.
I removed the leather skirt from the closet and held it to my face. The
smell of the leather was just heavenly and felt divine. I was surprised
how heavy the garment actually was as I check the size and length.

It was as I had guessed it was a size small for me but felt it should
fit. I laid it on the bed and removed the leather pants. It was obvious
these were brand new. Only worn once or twice. Again they were two inches
smaller than my normal fit at the waist and at least 3 inches too long
but high heels would take up this. They had styling like jeans and unfortunately
did not have bootleg or bellbottom legs under which boots could be worn.
Not to worry thought they looked, felt and smelt absolutely fantastic.

I continued my search and located numerous pairs of jeans, skirts and
eventually located the boots and shoes. A number of pairs of boots caught
my eye. None longer than knee length, with different finishes, styling
and heel lengths. Again the sizes were smaller than I would normally wear.
I tried on a pair of high heel shoes with long straps. These were criss-crossed
up my leg and tied off below the knee. They had a 4-inch heel. I found
it difficult  to get used to walking in them at first and the feeling
of the strap tighten and loosen around my leg as my muscle flexed with
each step was great.

I took them off, removed my jeans and thong and slipped on the leather
pants.  I put on the shoes, pulled the straps up and tied them off
tightly before pulling up the pants. The leather felt cool and fragrant
as I pulled them up. They were quite tight once I got them past my knees
and my heart sank with the thoughts of me not being able to get them on
any further. I pulled and tugged being fearful of tearing them but I found
the leather to be tuff yet streched just enough to get them over my ass.
I had to pull them up as far as possible over my hip bone and then holding
in breathe managed to close the button and zip. I walked around the room
enjoying the feeling of the material and the shoes, admiring my shape in
the full-length bedroom mirror. I was seriously turned on now, my nipple
rings showing clearly through my tight crop top as they were pushed outward
by my hard nipples. I straddled the arm of a chair and humped it. The feeling
of the smooth leather sliding over the arm driving me wild. I stopped myself
short of orgasm, saving it for later.

I decided to explore further dressed as I was and made my way to the
garage. I was surprised at how chilly it had become but realised that 3
hours had elapsed and evening had come. I unlocked the garage and found
a 50-foot length of nylon rope, some lengths of chain and pairs of workout
barbells. They ranged in weight from 10kg down to 0.5kg. The workshop at
the back of the garage had a high roof with exposed rafters….. Possibilities
here! and a loft area that extended in over the garage area. There was
lot of bits and pieces in the workshop; some woodworking tools, garden
tools, work benches along one wall, a number of heavy planks of wood and
a ladder to access the loft area, water barrel, wheelbarrow, and other
odds and ends. I examined all of the items carefully and began to formulate
a plan in my head.  I needed to get home at this stage, locked up
the workshop and garage, checked all the windows and doors in the house,
retrieved my jeans and shoes but decided rather than change I was going
to wear the leather pants home and enjoy them further, so hid my jeans
and shoes at the bottom of a closet.

The thoughts of wearing the tight leather in public turned me on no
end and knew I just had to enhance the experience. I retrieved some chains
and padlocks from the workshop and locked the leather pants to my body
by wrapping the chain tightly around my waist and them pulling a length
of chain between my legs and locking it in place like a thong. I attached
the key ring holding one of each of the keys to the locks to my left nipple
ring and located a longish tee-shirt in the house which bearly covered
my ass. The other keys I hid in a cupboard in the kitchen. I knew it was
going to be a long walk home in these shoes but that was the least of my
problems.

As soon as I walked onto the street, I almost felt naked. The chained
pants hugged my ass and legs tightly; the shoes pushed my hip forward,
my back straight and my breasts out. I felt the whole world was looking
at my leather clad shiny legs as I walked, my heart was thumping, my face
red but most of all I felt very conscious of my nipple rings. Normally
they raise my nipples slightly and remain unseen, but because of my aroused
state my nipples were rock hard and protruding. The outline of the keys
and key ring was just visable under the light material and the cool air
wasn’t helping the situation either. I continued on, got glances from many
guys but nobody spoke. My feet were hurting badly but I was so horney when
I got home it was unbelievable. I rubbed my pussy hard through the leather
but decided not to come. I got something to eat, got my pen and paper and
put my plan together for a serious self bondage session. I did not remove
my bondage until bedtime, and would no doubt have slept in the chains but
for the  need to use the bathroom.
 
The following morning I went to the hardware store for supplies. I
was wearing the shoes, my medium / small size butt plug, the chained on
leather pants, my crop top and a jacket that just came down to the bottom
of my ass which gave me some degree of coverage when standing straight
but rode up when I bent forward in the slightest, revealing the chain locked
between my legs. I needed 2 pulleys, 50 feet of nylon rope and two small
padlocks. I also purchased two 10oz lead tear drop shaped net weights.

After I left the store I opened the padlocks and tested all the keys,
returned to the store and pretended I had forgotten something. I hid a
key for each lock under a low shelf, went to a boutique did the same thing
and finally his the 3rd set of keys in another clothing shop. In this shop
I took some clothes to the fitting room to try on. I removed my jacket,
top and bra, hooked the open hasp of each padlock through the hole in the
weights and locked them to my nipple rings. I was really wet now and rubbed
my self through the leather pants. I put my bra and top in my bag and slipped
on my jacket, returned the cloths to the rails and left.

I explained in a previous submission that my nipple rings are rather
special in so far as the ball has been welded in place using ‘liquid weld’
and the rings themselves are hollow which means any attempt to cut them
will result in sharp jagged edges that would have to be pulled through
the middle of my nipples to remove them… I think not! The walk home was
a blur. The feel of the leather and plug in my ass chained to my body and
the weights swinging off my nipples driving me crazy. I locked up my house
and set off to my friend’s house with a heavy bag of chains, locks, my
vibrators, other bits and bobs and of course my detailed plans. On reaching
my destination I covered up up the windows of the workshop with bin liners,
locked the door from the inside and set to work.
 
THE CRUXIFICATION
 
This ambitious plan of a self upside down cruxification came about
from seeing the material available in the workshop and the way the thoughts
of it turned me on so much. I stripped off my top to allow the weights
to swing freely as I worked. The basic plan was this. Tie the bottom of
the cross to a barrel suspended high on a pulley. Fill the barrel with
water. Tie myself to the cross. The barrel will eventually become heavy
and pull me and the cross up to the rafters. Here I would be within reach
of the hose feeding the barrel and disconnect it. A second smaller hose
would eventually empty enough water out of the barrel until the cross became
heavier and it would be lowered down.
 
TO BE CONTINUED IN PART 2
