---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Meredith's Romantic Mummification
authors:
- Kurai Kokoro
tags:
- M-f
- mum
- plastic
- nylon
- cons
- X
date: 2004-07-18 00:00:00
---

*Note: Although I am a martial artist I am not sure of the customs
of boy-girl match-ups in hojo-jitsu practice since I have never taken Jiu-Jitsu
classes. What I know from Jiu-Jitsu is the fighting techniques, not the
weapons (staffs, ropes, swords) techniques, mainly because my weapons training
comes from a different discipline. Anyway, if the customs are slightly
incorrect, forgive me and enjoy. Also, I wrote half the story before realizing
I should have given character descriptions so I decided to leave it go.
Just Imagine Meredith with sandy-blonde hair, normal complexion, about
5'  9" or 10" and Alan with brown hair, tanned complexion, 5' 
11 1/2"*

Alan,   Alan!  Alan was pulled out of his daydream by
his martial arts instructor, Mr. Edwards. Alan had been taking forms of
Aikido and Jiu Jitsu for some time now and he was coming close to earning
his next belt. The instructor was asking him to practice a form with a
lower-ranked student while Mr. Edwards works with some other students with
the Jo staff. Alan answers a polite "Yes Sensei" and goes over to the other
side of the mat's white line to practice. Alan begins practicing a kneeling
hand grappling technique called "Kotegashi" with a student named Roy who
he has been friends with for a while. Still, when he got up and sat on
the line after they were finished, watching the sensei with the other students,
his mind and eyes kept wandering over to Meredith, a student that had joined
the class only about a month after he did. When she first walked in, his
heart skipped a beat, but not just because she was so cute, but also because
she was his secret crush all through grade and high school.

Alan had had fantasies of being tied up or kidnapped with her or by
her as a kid, but then he convinced himself to stop thinking about those
kinds of things because he only thought they were silly childhood thoughts.
Then he became a teenager, and all his thoughts were about the cuddling
and romance he wished he could have with her, sadly, he always was too
shy to even be friends and start a normal conversation with her. Then came
the internet, and his life would be changed forever. He found out about
bondage, packaging, breath play, and his biggest new-found turn-on, mummification.
He even learned the terminology. He learned that he had a plastic "fetish",
and that people actually tied each other up for fun!

Over time, Alan had tried many self-bondage scenarios. In his spare
time his mind would often wander to scenes with Meredith, how he could
mix romance with bondage and fetishes. He imagined her tying him with an
adorable loving tone in her voice, he imagined her taking command and dominating
with a firm will, he imagined wrapping her in plastic wrap and cuddling
with her, and falling asleep with her in his arms, he imagined binding
her to the point of immobility. The truth was, he didn't care whether she
was tying him or he was tying her, he didn't care whether it was romance
or strict, he loved all of the moods. Occasionally he would shudder at
the thought of meeting Meredith again only to find that she was into things
too painful for his liking, but he would tell himself he could take moderate
pain, and that things would work out. He didn't really think that he'd
ever get a chance at those dreams, but he still indulged in self-bondage
and kept on dreaming. Heck, he probably wouldn't even see her again, that
is, until she walked into the dojo that day. From that point on he kept
imagining ways to approach her, but he'd tell himself she might not be
into bondage anyway or not even looking for a boyfriend. So he just kept
on daydreaming and enjoying being in the same room with her.

Eventually, they would be in an excercise together, or arrive at the
same time or leave at the same time, and they could strike up a conversation
or two...    once in a while. It got to the point where
he at least didn't draw a blank all the time from being around her. He
could actually carry on an intelligent conversation with her, but he was
still not sure of how to let her know that he liked her. If he could just
enter into that girlfriend-boyfriend zone, he was sure he could be romantic,
or cute, or whatever he could pull together, but he needed something to
break the barrier, something to show her that he liked her, and that they
shared an interest and that he was worth her while. Little did he know,
fate was working in his favor.

It wasn't too long before Meredith and Alan's class was going to begin
learning Hojo-Jitsu, a form practiced with a long rope, used to restrain
the opponent with a series of loops. Usually their arms will be pulled
up behind their back and restrained there. What an opportunity! Alan's
mind was racing at the possibilities, if he could just get a perfect opening
to say something to Meredith. It couldn't be outright saying, "I'm getting
turned on by this class, how about you Mere?"   Yeah, definitely
not that. It would have to be cute and subtle, where, unless she knew what
he meant, she wouldn't notice and be alarmed and think he was a freak.

The Class was all lined up, while Mr. Edwards spoke to the class about
the Hojo-Jitsu techniques. Alan got in line. He was going to casually get
in line next to Meredith, but his friend Roy was coming over to get in
line with Alan so he ended up in between Meredith and Alan. "Darn" Alan
thought. "Roy" Mr. Edwards called, Roy replied with a "Yes, Sensei" and
went forward so that Mr. Edwards could demonstrate some introductory ties
on Roy for the class. As Roy left Alan took a half-step to the left towards
Meredith as if he was correcting the line. As Mr. Edwards was pulling the
ropes around Roy's hands the class looked on watching the rope fly up and
over and under Roy's arms. while the rope was becoming more secure and
extensive, Alan noticed that Mr. Edwards had not used any knots. He leaned
over to Meredith and said, "I'd rather use knots, they just seem more secure
and snug."

"Yeah, or just use handcuffs, you can't break out of them," she said,
almost purposefully.

"And the length of chain gives you more room to struggle," Alan said,
barely believing what he was saying.

Meredith giggled, "I see, you're a freak too,"

"Yeah, I guess so," he couldn't believe what he was hearing, she actually
said it all for him.

He thought about where to take this and tried to ask her out. "Hey would
you like t.." But then Roy came back and stood beside him, thankfully on
the other side of him, but still it was too awkward to ask her out with
Roy standing right there. "Meredith," Edwards called, "Michelle will practice
with you." Michelle was a girl in the black belt class. They helped Mr.
Edwards whenever they could with the lower ranked students. "Yes, Sensei."
Meredith replied.

After class was over, Roy and Alan were heading out to Alan's car to
go catch a movie when Alan noticed that Meredith had just ended a conversation
with Michelle and was picking up her gym bag to leave. "Oh crap, I forgot
something, I'll be right out, rev the car up." Alan said to Roy, tossing
him the keys as he turned to head back, pretending to pat his pockets in
search of a missing item. "Sure, man." Roy said, as he walked out. Alan
took a slow relaxed breath as he walked over to Meredith. "Meredith?" he
said.
She turned from her quick step, "Oh hey." 
"Hey," Alan replied, "I was wondering if you would like to go out and
get a bite to eat after a movie with Roy and me?" He couldn't ask her out
on a date yet so he figured Roy's presence would make it casual enough.
"Sure, what's playing?" She asked. "Movies, I suppose, I haven't checked
lately," Alan didn't even think of that, what if Roy was planning on seeing
some kind of violent, or stupid movie, "I actually don't know what Roy
wanted to see, but..."  "That's fine, I don't really mind." Meredith
replied, saving him from his poor planning, "I was actually going to ask
Michelle to take me home, and I didn't have anything planned, let me tell
her nevermind and I'll be right out."

Outside, Roy was going through Alan's CDs, and had just found some "Linkin
Park" when Alan walked up and told him that Meredith was coming with them
so find something a little more mellow. "I don't know what kind of music
she likes so put on some `Weezer` or... " Roy cut him off, "girls like
`Dashboard Confessional`."  "Perfect," Alan said just as Meredith
was walking up. "I'm ready," she interjected. "Okay let's go," said Roy.

During lunch, and on the drive home, they all talked about their interests,
schedules, jobs and anything else they could think of that made good conversation.
When Alan asked Meredith where she lived to drop her off, they found that
she was in between the drive from Roy's to Alan's house, so efficiency
demanded that they drop Roy off first. "Yes!" Alan was thinking to himself,
now we'll be able to chat alone a bit. Roy's stop came and Alan got out
and went around to the driver's side, and Meredith got in the passenger's
seat. Alan waited a few seconds to make sure Roy got in all right, then
he drove off. Alan and Meredith continued talking and chatting while Meredith
looked through his CDs, commenting on the different artists. It was going
fine until she popped open his glove compartment and pulled out a pair
of handcuffs. "Holy Crap!" Alan thought, he always kept them in there for
self-defense since taking a person down is one thing, but keeping them
down is another.

"Looky what I found!" Meredith said, slightly embarrassed, but after
all, they were his, "You really do like that kind of stuff!"

Alan tried to make his mouth stop stuttering and start explaining, "no,
really they're uh.. um.. "

"Calm down, geez, " she knew she was correct in her assumption by his
face's beat-red color, "I like it too, it's fun, don't feel bad."

"Are you serious or just messing with me?" he asked, still nervous but
happy that she was so understanding.

"Sure, I'm serious, just be careful about who you tell, understand."
she
said with a slight tone of command in her voice but a smirk on her face.
"Gotcha," Alan replied, somewhat relieved.

When they got to her place, she invited him to come in and have some
coffee. "Sure I like coffee, I don't drink it very often but it's okay,"
Alan said, knowing he had never had more than three cups of coffee in his
life. "Good, do you like light or dark?" Meredith asked. "Dark please,"
Alan replied not quite remembering what the difference was. They went in
and it was pretty early so they just watched tv and chatted. Eventually
Meredith brought up the subject that they both wanted to touch. "So, do
you know alot about tying," she asked, not wanting to say "bondage" for
fear that he was just a novice.

Alan sensed that and said, "You mean bondage?"

She giggled and replied, "Yeah, that's it. I get most of my information
from the internet, it's hard to find guys who like that kind of stuff,
well, you know, it's hard to approach a subject like that."

"Yeah I know what you mean. So what kind of bondage do you like?" he
asked, hoping he was not being too forward.

"I like lots of kinds, but the stuff that sticks out in my mind is mummification,
where you use plastic wrap to wrap your partner up like a mummy, and then...
"

"Yeah that's my favorite kind too, but I kinda have a uh plastic fetish,"
Alan said, "but any kind of bondage is fun, like rope bondage, and suspension,
and chain bondage and... " He stopped when she got up and told him to hold
on, that she would be right back.

He wondered what she was doing and the awkward loneliness began to awaken
his nervous fidgeting habits, but he soon snapped out of his thougts and
every other uncertainty when she came in dressed in what looked to be a
nylon catsuit but it somehow looked slightly wrinkled. "Ta-da!" she said,
"this is what I dress in for a little excercise and just to have some fun
around the house, I have a little plastic fetish too, it's plastic bags
on my arms legs and body, then the nylons go on over that to smooth it
out and make it feel tighter, how do you like it?"

He was amazed, firstly, he had to try this out sometime, secondly, she
looked unbelievable in it, he couldn't tell if she had her bra and panties
on underneath but that didn't really matter right now. He just sat there,
staring, looking her over, 
"Wow! it looks amazing!"

"It feels amazing too, if you bring yourself off while you're in it
you can really get a workout and sweat off a few pounds too." Alan commented,
"Pretty handy idea if you ask me, but it needs something..."  "What's
that?" Meredith asked coyly. "Some ropework, what do you think?" Alan tried
to bring bondage up. "Well, actually I've always done solo bondage and
fetish stuff so I've never been real securely tied, but I have been in
school with you since first grade, so I guess a few ties would be fine,
I think I trust you."  "Well, I value that trust and will not take
advantage of it, now where's the rope?" Alan asked getting excited.

"Most of my kinky stuff is in my special box in my closet, except for
thngs like saran wrap, which is in the kitchen where it should be," she
said giggling at the feel of the plastic and the great twist of fate that
had presented itself to her in the form of Alan. She led Alan up the stairs,
her legs swishing together as she went. When they got to her room she opened
the closet and drug out a medium sized trunk. Alan said, "That's pretty
big, I could probably fit in there!"

"That's a good idea, I've been in there a couple of times myself," she
said as she opened the hasps. Inside were many items of bondage like gags,
handcuffs, rope, blindfolds, and other bondage toys, mixed together with
tons of plastic bags of different sizes, shapes, and thickness. Alan pulled
out one of the smaller bags and, knowing full well what it was for, tested
her and asked, "This one's kind of small, what's it for?"  Meredith
replied matter-of-factly, "Oh, bags that size are good for putting over
your head, you can really get turned on by suffocating you know, not to
death, but you know, just until you can get off, I actually will usually
put a head bag on while I'm in this suit to heighten the experience, that's
another part of having a plastic fetish, you'd probably like it."

"Yeah I've done that before, I just didn't know if you did that and
I didn't want to scare you, with suffocation, you know?"

"Yeah I gotcha," Meredith then continued, "hey! here's some rope, show
me what you can do, not too tight though, just show me what kind of ties
you like."

Alan was happy now, "All right, turn around, I like to do the hands
first to give you that feel of security early on, along with a gag and
blindfold, but since this is our first time I'll leave that off so you
can tell me if I hurt you or it's too tight."  "Thanks," Meredith
replied, feeling a bit more relaxed from his thoughtfulness. With her plastic
and nylon suit still on and sitting on the floor, Alan began to tie her
hands together behind her back, looping it around her wrists about four
times before wrapping the rope around the coil of rope vertically to make
a type of rope handcuffs. He then did the same just above her elbows but
he didn't try to pull her elbows together to touch because it might hurt
her if she's never been tied like this before. Then he asked her if she
wanted him to put some loops around her back and breasts. 
"Give me the full treatment just not as tight as you can." she replied,
slightly dazed from how good it felt to be bound. 
"Okay, just tell me if you don't want me to do something or it gets
too tight. Oh yeah, do you have an idea for a safe word, like something
to say that means you're not just kidding around or enjoying yourself and
saying `stop', or `no', or `please'."

Meredith thought for a second, "I know, how about Ma-Te?" Ma-Te is like
saying uncle in martial arts.

Alan laughed, "Okay perfect. Now if you say that I'll stop right there
and untie you or ungag you or whatever until you can tell me what's wrong,
okay?"

"Okay, now keep tying," she said jokingly. "Okay," Alan said, and continued
to tie about three loops around her breasts, two underneath and one above.
Then Alan moved down to her legs and began by tying together her ankles,
then made about 3 loops above and below her knees. He even tied together
her big toes, tickling them a bit to make her wriggle around a bit and
test her bonds.

He then paused to ask her again, "Everything?"  To that Meredith
replied almost demanding, "Everything." 
"All right, is there anywhere that it's too tight or too loose?" 
"No, just keep going." She begged. So Alan began to make a few loops around
her waist, and then tied a rope from the front of the rope, through her
crotch, up behind her to the other side of the waist loop, making a crotch
rope.

"Wow, that feels great, it's pushing the plastic and nylons into me,"
she crooned.

Alan then pulled her feet up behind her and tied a rope from her hands
to her ankles, and asked her, "Now then, how do you like that?"  She
felt her bonds and then said, "Three suggestions, first, pull the hogtie
much tighter, second, I have a ring gag and a few scarves in the trunk,
pick out your favorite scarf and gag and blindfold me." 
"Okay, what's the third?" Alan asked, getting curious. 
"Get the head bag you asked about earlier, put it over my head and
wrap duct tape around my neck to make it airtight," Meredith said gasping
from excitement.  Alan felt a little worried, "Okay but how will I
know when to let you out?"  Meredith replied, "Can you see my hands?
I'll keep them in a fist until I want you to let me out, then I'll open
them both up real wide, and clap, just to be positive."  "All right, 
Hold on."

Alan went over to the trunk and pulled out a roll of duct tape and a
plastic, head-sized bag, he got a clear one so he could see her face, then
he got a gag and a red scarf for a blindfold and went back over to Meredith
and knelt down on the floor. First he pulled the hogtie much tighter, so
that her body was bowed up and tensed. "Are you ready?" he asked kindly.
"Come closer," she said quietly. He leaned his face down close to her and
she kissed him softly under his eye. "Go ahead," she said. He then picked
up the ring gag and put it in her mouth, and buckled it behind her head
pulling her hair over the straps. Then he put the blindfold over her eyes
and tied it snugly behind her head. "Don't forget," he said, patting her
hands, "open them up as soon as you're ready, and if you stop struggling
or breathing, I'm taking the bag off right then to make sure you're okay." 
She nodded her head, and he picked up the bag and slowly slid it down over
her head, then he yanked on the crotch rope to make sure it was tight enough
so that her struggles would get her off, then quickly took the tape off
the roll and wrapped it around her neck. He bit the tape off and sat back
to watch.

She held her breath for just a couple of seconds until he sat back to
watch her and then she exhaled. The bag expanded around her head a little
bit, but she had purposefully taken a very small breath so that there was
less air in the bag. She began writhing around on the floor to work the
crotch rope into her and against her clit. She still remembered to keep
her fists clenched so that Alan didn't take the bag off too early. As she
sucked back in the bag closed around her face making a wonderful crinkling
sound as it did. She was sweating very much to add to the pool of sweat
that had already accumulated in her plastic cat suit, held tight by the
panty hose over it. She let her breath out again but this time she had
to inhale much quicker.

She could feel the air getting stale as her breath put moisture on the
inside of the bag. She continued to hold her fists tight as she wiggled
and stretched for all she was worth. She couldn't let the bag off yet,
the crotch rope was still grinding into her so perfectly. She exhaled again,
this time she couldn't even make the bag balloon much at all, she had to
breath in again. Oooh it felt so good when the bag clenched against her
face. It felt as though her head was in a big, wet, stretchy, snake's mouth.
The crotch rope brought her back to reality, she could feel that warm powerful
glow between her legs. Underneath the crotch rope and the nylons, and the
plastic, she was so close to exploding.

Now her breaths were hardly even breaths at all just constant shallow
exhaling followed by a series of rapid gaspings sucking the plastic deep
into her mouth through the ring gag. She could feel her head getting light,
the room spinning, the crotch rope grinding, when suddenly, she came in
an explosion! Her entire lower half was convulsing, and she just kept jerking,
writhing and cumming. In the midst of such a powerful orgasm, she almost
forgot what caused it. The bag! She had totally forgotten it was so tight
to her face. She wanted to leave it on because it kept the orgasm going,
but her lungs needed air and of course if she died she could never do this
again! Her lungs were aching, just another second, oh keep going! Suddenly
everything began to fade and she began to go limp.

Before she fainted she felt Alan's hands rip a hole in the bag where
the ring gag was, but she didn't taste pure fresh air, it was slightly
warm. Alan's lips were over her mouth, breathing into her, he was breathing
through his nose and from his mouth into hers, how erotic! She felt wonderful,
she was alive, she just had the best orgasm of her life, and she was still
tied up in plastic, a bit sweaty, but that goes hand in hand with plastic
fetishes, right?!

Alan kept breathing into her as she came down to earth from the peaks
of her orgasm. After a few minutes, he pulled away and began to untie the
rope connecting her hands and feet into a hogtie. She suddenly began squirming
and groaning for all she was worth. So he came back to her face and took
her blindfold and gag off. "Wait, don't untie me yet. Go downstairs to
the kitchen and get the rolls of plastic wrap from the top drawer on the
right. Then mummify me like this with the plastic bags and the nylons still
on, and in a hogtie."

Alan then replied, "How about I untie the ropes first and then I can
wrap your arms and legs seperate before mummifying you and then I can bend
your legs up behind you and mummify you like that so you'd still be in
a hogtie."  Meredith thought for a second and said that that would
be good. Alan untied the ropes before going downstairs to get the plastic
wrap.

When he came back up she was stretching her achy limbs out on the bed.
"Hey, tomorrow's Saturday. If you're not working would you like to stay
here tonight after mummifying me and unwrap me in the morning?"  Alan
replied rather excitedly, "Sure, that'd be great!"

Meredith added, "And if you want, I'll get some plastic bags and nylons
and you can get into a plastic uniform too!" 
"That'd be a perfect end to the night." Alan said, so Meredith got
out the nylons and plastic bags. She helped Alan into his suit to make
it quicker.

First they took two big black trash bags and put two holes in the bottom
corners of one for his legs and three holes in the bottom corners and center
of the other one for his head and arms. Then they put a trash bag on both
of his arms and both of his legs. After that they took the trash bag with
two holes in it and poked his feet into the two holes and slid it up to
where it covered the bottom half of his abdomen from his crotch up. Then
they took the trash bag with three holes and poked his head and arms through
the holes and slid it down until it covered his chest and upper half of
his abdomen. They put a strip of tape around his stomach to hold the abdominal
bags on. Then they took a pair of nylons and put it on over his plastic
bag-covered legs, then another pair of nylons with a hole in the crotch
over his head, sliding his arms into the two legs of the nylon. Now he
was covered in nylon with an entire layer of plastic underneath. They put
one more strip of tape around his belly to seal the waists of the two nylons
together. "Wow, it really does feel as amazing as it looks."  Alan
said. He had taken everything off but his underwear beforehand, but you
could clearly see a bulge indicating that he wasn't lying about the incredible
feel. "Now you know why I lounge around the house like this," Merdith said.

Alan stated "Okay, your turn." Meredith giggled in anticipation of full
mummification as she leaned down to get the first roll of saran wrap and
hand it to Alan. "First, spread your legs." She spread her legs about three
feet wide as Alan leaned down to start wrapping he stroked her nylon-clad
ankle feeling the pressure of the bunched-up plastic underneath. "All right
then, let's get you into your pajamas for the night." he said as he fingered
the roll of plastic to get the first layer loose. He began by wrapping
each of her legs individually until he got up to her crotch where he began
wrapping vertically from her navel, over her shoulders, under her crotch,
up over the other shoulder and down again to her crotch. He did this about
three times and then wrapped around her abdomen horizontally until the
roll ran out. He grabbed the next roll  and began to wrap each arm
seperately up to her shoulders.

Once he was done that he told her to lay down on the bed so that he
could wrap her feet. When he secured her feet he stood her up and started
wrapping all the way up her body with her feet together and her arms down
to her sides. He used up the rest of the roll doing this. When he was finished
he asked her if she wanted her head wrapped. "Yes definitely. Make sure
you leave my nose well open so that I can breath. Oh and make sure that
when we go to bed you hold me in your arms for the cozy feeling and so
that if I have trouble during the night I can wake you up easily," she
replied.

Alan said okay and then thought for a second, "I think that if I hogtie
your legs to your thighs behind you then your legs might start to hurt
during the night. How about I wrap your legs to your thighs for about an
hour and we watch a movie together, then when we're ready to go to bed
I'll cut the wraps holding your legs to your thighs, okay?" Meredith didn't
even have to think, "Yeah they're already a bit achy, that's a good idea.
I have that gangster movie "Bound", we can watch that."  Alan said,
"Perfect," and went to get the movie set up. When he came back, he picked
her up and set her on his lap and pulled her legs up behind her and wrapped
her calves to her thighs to make an effective "hogwrap". Then he set her
on the bed beside him on her stomach, and put a pillow under her chest
and chin to take the stress off of her neck, then started the movie.

After it was over, Alan cut the wrappings binding her calves to her
thighs and sat her up in the bed. "Are you ready? I'm going to cover your
head now," Alan said, readying her for the night of complete mummification.
"As ready as I can be," she replied sweetly. She then leaned up against
him and nuzzled her face into his chest, feeling the nylon covering and
the plastic underneath. Alan kissed her on the head and sat her up straight.
He took the roll of plastic and began wrapping her head starting down from
her neck up over her chin and mouth and over her face, avoiding her nose,
and then wrapping from her chin over her head, and slowly working back
to wrapping around her neck again. He kept wrapping until the roll ran
out. Then he took a little piece of tape and taped the plastic to the sides
of her nose so that it didn't work it's way over her nose in the middle
of the night. Finally he laid her down and took a few seconds to gaze at
her beautiful mummified female form, and feeling his own arms and body
covered in nylon and plastic with one hand and stroking her cheek with
the other hand. He leaned down, tickling her feet to test the wrappings
and make her wriggle around a bit. She could barely move. She felt wonderful.
A layer of slick, sweaty, plastic bags, covered by the clingy nylons, and
embraced by the shiny, smooth plastic wrap holding her tight. What wonderful
dreams she might have!

The next morning, Alan woke her up stroking her tummy. "I bet we're
hungry aren't we?"  She mewed a bit and squirmed around to show that
she was awake. He asked her if she was ready to get out and have something
to eat.

She shook her head no, so he cut her head wrappings off and she said,
"Why don't you feed me breakfast? You've got to take care of me. 
He said okay and went to the bathroom to take off the nylons and plastic
bags and wash himself off. When he was finished he got his jeans on and
went over to Meredith. "Okay, but I must warn you, the only breakfast thing
I know how to make really well is pancakes so it might get a little messy,"
Alan warned. She giggled and said, "That's okay, I'll just be messy then,
it'll be fun." So he picked her up and took her downstairs to the kitchen,
and after he made his pancakes, they had the messiest breakfast they had
had since diaper days, laughing the whole time.

Once they were all cleaned up and Meredith was cut out off her cocoon,
they decided to go out to the mall to get lunch and hang around. On the
way there, Meredith asked, "Hey, when did you get off yesterday?" 
"Oh yeah, I just never did I guess, maybe next time."  Meredith replied
slyly, "You bet you will next time, cause next time I want to have you
tied up." Alan smiled and said, "that sounds good to me."  Then Meredith
laughed and said, "By the way I didn't have anything on under the plastic
yesterday."  They both just laughed.

[continued
in part 2](merediths_romance2.html)

 I hope you liked that story, if you share any of these interests
please e-mail me and maybe we can instant message sometime or something.
As you all may know, sometimes it's hard to find someone that shares these
kind of interests to chat with. If you'd like to make any more contact,
I do live in Harford County, Maryland so e-mail me at nunchakuboy2018@wmconnect.com, instant message- nunchakuboy2018
if you'd like to chat or comment on the story.

.
