---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/sophie_and_mark6.html
title: Sophie and Mark
authors:
- Twisted Smile
tags:
- F-m
- mpov
- buttplug
- remote
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2026-05-30 00:00:00
---

### **6. Stretches**

"Come on baby, just a little more…"

I was being punished.

"… Stop whining, it's not that hard."

"I can't…" What did I do to deserve this? "I'm too tight!"

"Fine." She let go of my wrists, and I slumped, flat onto my back. "I'm gonna make us a brew."

I really did try my best. But you can't fix decades of bad posture in an afternoon.

"I WILL have you touching your toes by bedtime."

Now might be a good time to discuss personal limits, "So, umm… hey. Have you heard about these contracts? Sex contracts?"

"Tsk. I told you, I didn't want you reading those books."

"But they make my inner goddess do backflips!"

"Such an idiot." She rolled her eyes, "I'm confiscating your tablet."

Booo.

"But, since you brought it up," her sinister grin, "how DO you feel about butt plugs?"

I had to laugh. It was funny how normal that sort of question had become.

"'Cause there are these butt plugs that have an adorable, fluffy tail on the end…"

Ruh roh.

#### **Phase 1: Exposure**

The thing about kinky people is, they really know how to complicate an orgasm.

It can take so much time, and so much faffing about, and then tidying up after. Don't get me wrong, it's usually more fun. But sometimes you just want to get naked and see what comes up.

"Hey…"

So there we were. We were doing it in the Christian way. I was on top. And she says,

"…can I try something?"

And she sticks a finger in my butt. I didn't know what to make of that. And she starts poking around, like she was trying to find some--HOLY… fuck!

### **Phase 2: Expansion**

"Come on, baby, just a little more…"

"I really don’t think I can."

"Just try to relax. BREATHE. Trust me, it’ll go."

It was a strange sensation. Like shitting in reverse.

"How are you feeling?"

I gave her a shaky thumbs up. I think I was in shock.

We were in the bathroom. The butt plug was suctioned to the floor tiles. Translucent blue, about 6 inches long and just thicker than a finger at its widest. The surface was covered in ridges - for my pleasure? I wasn’t so sure. But it was well doused in ‘cooling booty lube’, which helped.

And now I was skewered. On my knees, my arms hanging limp by my sides. She clipped short chains, joining each wrist cuff to its matching ankle cuff. And she pulled on my leash.

"Up."

I tensed my legs, rising slowly. The buttplug held to the floor, pulling out of me. She pulled me as high as I could go, as high as the chains would let me go. Not high enough to fully leave the plug. And she released the tension.

"Down."

I relaxed my legs, dropping slowly. Penetrated again. It was easier the second time. But not by much. The plug was doing something to my dick, like it was being inflated. Tense, like it could burst. She pulled again.

She set the pace. Slowly getting faster. It got easier, smoother; started to feel… good, even. And after a while, I realised she wasn't pulling my leash anymore. I was moving, fucking myself, all on my own.

She looked so proud.

I felt my erection tense with each thrust. I felt sore, my legs getting tired, but I couldn't seem to stop. It was doing… something. Hitting something. My cock was throbbing, but it didn't feel like I was going to orgasm. It was more like a strange urge… to pee?

She crouched down, face to face with me. She pulled my leash close. Still bouncing, she kissed me deeply, "you're doing great." She wrapped a hand around my cock. Her grip was loose, barely touching me. Her hand never moved. I fucked it, as I was fucked by the plug.

Now I was feeling something familiar. But heightened. More intense. Electric. The lightest touch, brush, and… my arse contracted, tensed against the plug. The orgasm just kept hitting, the cum kept flowing, and it felt like my whole body jolted along with it.

I was exhausted. I gave up my balance, and dropped back, all the way down to the ground. Pinned in place. Sophie looked concerned. I tried to give her a thumbs up. It was fine. I wasn't ready to get up anyway.

### **Phase 3: Explosion**

S A F F R O N (triple letter on the first F, 21 points)

"Oh, sweetie, could you quickly take the bins out?"

The butt plug was making me walk funny.

I told her "there's no way that thing's going in me." It was smooth, black silicone. The classic egg-shape, shorter than the blue one, but much wider. "No way it's going to fit." But she could be so convincing when I was horny.

Now, I was pushing the bin down the drive, walking like a bow-legged cowboy.

"Alright, mate!"

What was that? Neighbour! And suddenly I was vibrating! The shock of it made my whole body spasm. I tried to play it off like I'd tripped. Smooth as gravel.

He waved, "You're Sophie's lad, yeah?"

I reflexively waved back. The sound of vibrations was deafening. And he was walking over. Shit. Would he be able to hear it?

"Mark, right?" I nodded, smiled nervously. "Yeah, our Sophie said you were moving in. And she's already got you taking the bins out, eh?"

"Heh, y-yeah… sh-she can be a little d-dom…demanding." My brain was short-circuiting.

"By the way…"

I felt a bulge growing in my pants.

"…did she get herself a dog or something?"

Oh… Fuck me.

"Yeah, n-no, she, erm…" the vibrations had gotten faster, "sh-sh-she, um… d-DOG sitting." I had to get out of there. "Aaanyway, n-nice meeting you!"

Turning towards the house, I saw eyes peeking through the curtains. Demon!

"Ah, see you 'round, pal."

I tried to walk normally, tried to rush. Was he watching? Each stride pushed and pulled at the plug, lightly fucking me. I didn't dare look back. The bulge was getting bigger. I leapt through the door. And as it slammed shut behind me, the vibrations stopped.

"How's Rob…?" she asked, playfully swinging around the living room door.

"Fuck you," I sneered, "not cool!"

She stuck her tongue out, "nerrr!"

A L I E N (5 points)

"Bad luck, baby."

She clicked the remote, and my back straightened; the vibrations starting up again. That teasing hum, deep within me. I wanted to hate it. And when she saw the bulge in my jeans, she smiled, "there he is." And clicked the vibrator off.

This was how the game went: whenever she got a higher scoring word than me, she would turn on the vibrator - just long enough for me to get an erection - then stopped before the next round. I never agreed to these rules, she just decided. And why was I the only one being penalised?

It didn't really matter. As the game went on, I was losing almost every round. When she got a triple word score, she kept the vibration on for the whole next round. She was just making shit up. And when I got used to the vibrations, less reactive to it, she upped the speed.

"Are you even trying?"

Despite all evidence to the contrary, I can actually win against her, I swear to God. But in the end, I was soundly beaten. Frustrated, "fuck this!" I flipped the game board.

She GASPED in fake outrage, "look at this mess!" Then changed her expression, "time for your penalty."

She paused the vibrator to tie me up. Didn't want me going off too soon. I was on all fours, over a dining room chair, my wrists and knees tied to each leg.

"Comfortable?"

More or less. She gave my arse a playful slap, and the shock of it made me let out an unexpected "ah!" She giggled. And the vibrations started again.

She stood in front of me. From my position, I couldn't see much above her knees. But I watched as her dress dropped loose around her ankles. Then her bra hit the ground. And I caught a cheeky glimpse of her arse as she stooped to pull off her pants.

Then she moved behind me. Her hands gripping my hips, I felt her warm flesh press against my arse, against the plug. The remote clicked, and the vibrations turned to pulses - one second on, one second off. She pulled my hips, pushed her body against mine. Then released. Moving in time with the pulses. Fucking me, doggy style.

The pulses got faster. Shorter. Her thrusting, faster with it. And there was that feeling again - like the blue plug, like needing to pee. It came in waves with each buzz, with each thrust. I didn't… I shouldn't… right? But I was on fire, and it felt so right.

She shifted position. Her hand slid up my back to grasp my shoulder. No longer thrusting, she held her body tight against mine. Bracing me against her. Sharing the vibration. Arching my back. Her lips on my neck.

She reached her other hand under the chair, and I felt the lightest touch of her fingers. Barely there. Barely moving. Overwhelming. I had to. I wanted to.

My prostate tensed. My body tensed. And I… came? My prostate spasmed, and something flowed with it. But this didn't feel right. Because I felt like I was STILL on the edge of orgasm. And it happened again, like a half orgasm. Unresolved. Still on the edge, still climbing.

It kept coming, kept happening. Maddening. Frustrating. Thrilling. It just needed… I thrust my hips back and forth - pushing into the chair, pushing against the plug against her weight, pushing my cock over her fingers, and one… last…

My legs turned to liquid. The chair, the ropes, were the only things holding me up. My prostate throbbed in time with the beating of the vibrator. Pleasure driving. My cock bouncing frantically, scattering cum every which way.

I was breathless. I'd run an orgasmic marathon that I never imagined was possible. I was exhausted, and I wanted to go back for more. My body was numb, and I could barely even notice the plug anymore. Still pulsing. Still humming. Then silent.

All that was left was the tidying up.

"I expect you to tidy up that Scrabble set you knocked over, by the way."

Yeah. Okay.
