---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Rubberist TV Bondage Fantasy
authors:
- Domino Masque
tags:
- F/m
- latex
- bond
- fem
- mask
- cons
- X
date: 2007-04-04 00:00:00
---

It had seemed a good idea at the time....
Standing before the display of cut-rate rubber fashions, hand in hand
with his girlfriend, he'd been surprised when she'd said "Let's get two
sets, one for me and one for you!"

"C'mon..." she continued as he hesitated. She was playing with a huge
black dildo, idly stroking the shining black mass in it's bright plastic
packaging. She reached up to touch his cheek, eye's huge and locked on
his, her hand fragrant in the tight leather gloves she was never seen
without in public, "We'll be a beautiful pair."

Could that be possible, he wondered as he looked at the photos of the
nubile young models. The latex looked so bright stretched across the
nimble young bodies gleaming in the studio lights. Could I look like
that?

He stood there trying to imagine the scene: the two of them entwined
upon the couch, both enrapt in a glossy second skin... and was startled
out of his reverie by the sudden departure of his girlfriend towards the
check-out; her hands filled with the small cardboard boxes packed with
rubber.

He who hesitates... he thought ruefully as he hastened to catch up with
her.

Back in the car, parked, the idling engine a whisper beneath the turmoil
of his thoughts, he'd looked at the purchases bagged in black plastic
and
dumped on the backseat. He wanted to protest the expense, but she
forestalled any argument with a gloved palm sealed across his lips. The
message was clear: No words.... Their old game of silence and
submission was afoot; the rules were defined, trust implicit. He slipped
the clutch and headed home.

Once there, he busied himself setting the stage for their evening's
entertainments while his girlfriend glided away towards the bedroom.
Within an hour the living room was cozied against the stares of outside
eyes by the pull of thick, heavy drapes and a dozen cheery flames were
dancing atop the wicks of candles set all around. Warmed by the
candlelight and the soft play of melody from the stereo, he'd just
poured
himself a glass of wine and gotten his feet up on the leathered sofa
when a sound not unlike the rustle of autumn leaves brushed by a
breeze announced the return of his mate from her preparations.

Wordlessly she stood before him, a gleaming black silhouette redolent
with the fragrance of latex and polish. He noted the imprint of lips
stamped into the press of the half-mask covering her mouth, cheeks and
jaw. The straps were cinched tightly around her head, her hair pulled
back and tied into a thick auburn ponytail which fell away behind her
back.

Legs spread in a hip-shot pose and standing tip toe in a pair of
agressive
five-inch heels, she waited patiently-- armed with silence and confident
in the sexual power which surged between them-- as his gaze wandered
over her body.

With a slow pirouette, agile as a dancer's, she presented herself in
total
for his inspection: The short hem of the rubber dress hugged the
delicate curve of her shapely ass which cut outward above the tight hold
of the glossy stockings stretched around her thighs. In the glow of
candlelight, her bare, shaven pussy gleamed wetly in the narrow gap
between the press of dress and stockings while her nipples pushed out
beyond the black latex stretched across the full, rounded breasts cupped
in the caress of an unyielding grip of rubber.

He felt a powerful urge to crush this svelte rubbered form against him;
to drag this black rubbered angel from her lofty height above him and
force her subjugation with the play of lips and fingers. He yearned to
stroke, lick and suck at the rubber limbs bared before him, but the
rules
of the game were clear: she had initiated the dance and he was bound to
follow, never lead. No words....

Nodding meekly to the command in the bright brown eyes blazing above
the stretch of her black rubber mask, he accepted the gloved hand
reaching out to him. She smoothed her rubbered thumb across the back
of his hand and a shiver trailed up his arm and all through his body.
Power arced between them like a static charge, and wordlessly he
followed as she led him away towards his fate in the darkened rooms at
the back of their apartment.

As she led the way down the short hallway towards their bedroom, he
admired the flex and sway of his girlfriend's butt which was clearly
defined beneath the wrap of the short rubber dress. As she minced
along in the five-inch heels before him, her ponytail bouncing in time
with each step, she led him, not towards the huge four-poster bed as
he'd expected but into the ensuite bathroom.

The bright red tiles were still slicked with the moisture deposited in
the
course of his mate's recent shower and, with a sharp slap to his butt,
she
bade him step into the shower himself. Above the shower head, he
noticed steel manacles suspended from a short chain attached to the wall
by a stout iron ring. He felt his girlfriend move into the shower stall
behind him and the light touch of her rubber sheathed fingers before
she deftly stripped him of his robe.

With a firm grip on his wrists she locked him into the manacles before
she set the water pouring over him in a corse spray. With his hands
strung up overhead, he closed his eyes against the rush of water which
was jetting full into his face... so it came as a complete surprise when
he
felt the blunt plug of a hard-rubbered ball gag pushed deep into his
mouth. Within moments a sharp crackling above and behind his head
augured the arrival of the next stage of his enbondagement.

Blinded by the spray of the shower into his eyes, he was surprised to
feel the tight grip of some sort of hood being tugged over his head. He
recognized the smell of latex, even as the slick-smooth wrap of the hood
tightened over the planes of his neck, cheek, jaw and forehead with the
fastening of a zip at the back. The drumming of the water against the
thin membrane of the hood increased the rushing sound of the shower
tenfold, damping his hearing to the point of deafness, even as he
realized that despite the fact that the hood was fitted with some kind
of
lenses, he still couldn't see a damn thing because they were hopelessly
fogged by the humidity.

Blinded, gagged and deafened, with his arms strung up overhead, he
stood beneath the relentless course of the water and wondered what
could possibly be next. His silent queries were answered as he felt his
captor's rubber slick hands working a spreader bar into place at the
junction between his thighs and knees. Mmmphing a protest into the
gag, he tried budging the restraints now locked around his legs, but to
no avail. A fine predicament this was turning into, he thought, as the
water suddenly ceased to flow from the shower head.

As he stood there dripping, still blinded by the fog before his eyes, he
thought could here his girlfriend chuckling from behind the tight press
of
the half-mask she was wearing over her mouth. Then he felt some cool,
wet, slimy substance being smoothed all around his crotch. If he'd been
free to do so he'd have jumped out of the shower right then because,
even if he didn't recognize the feel of the stuff, the scent being
filtered
into his nose via the airholes in the hood was unmistakably that of his
shaving gel! Sure enough, the very next thing he felt-- as he froze
solid
against all protest-- was the rasp of his razor against his balls. It
didn't
take long: even before he might have drip-dried hanging there in the
restraints, she'd deftly shaved all the hair from his body from tip to
toe.

When she was done, the fog had cleared enough from the lenses in the
hood that he could see her smiling beneath the mask and a bright gleam
enliven her eyes. Reaching down she cupped his balls and he had to
admit that the feel of those smoothly gloved fingers playing with his
denuded balls was incredibly erotic. But all hope for a quick climax
were
dashed when, with one last squeeze for his balls, she abruptly exited
the
shower stall, leaving him to wonder what villainy might follow.

She returned shortly and dumped a heap of rubber garments onto the
tiles. She hadn't been kidding when she said that she wanted them both
to be dressed the same way. With his skin still damp and slick with
moisturizer from the shaving gel, the rubber garments she'd bought for
him flowed easily over his hairless skin.

Unlocking each limb from its restraint just long enough to pull-on the
appropriate piece of fetish-wear, it was not long before the tanned skin
of his arms and legs was completely sheathed in silk-soft,
slicked-smooth
tubes of black, glistening latex. The panties she drew up over his cock
and ass had the effect of gaffing his balls and member tightly against
his
belly, while a bit of padding (seemingly the shoulder pads from one of
her blouses) softened the tell-tale bulge, in effect hiding his manhood
behind a woman's mound. His feminization was completed with the
insertion of mammoth silicon breast forms into the cups of the long-line
rubber bra she'd strapped over his chest and shoulders. These tits were
so huge that, try as he might, he couldn't see his feet!

After locking a high, posturizing collar around around his throat, his
captor finally unlocked the restraints and led him from the shower
stall.
Immediately, he looked towards the mirror, eager to see what this
labour had wrought. He couldn't believe his eyes! A man had entered
this chamber and a towering facsimile of womanhood had emerged.
Even if the gag depressing his tongue didn't make speech impossible, he
would still have been dumbfounded by the vision of femininity which
stared back at him from the floor-to-ceiling mirror outside the shower
stall.

The hood which had been fastened over his head was really some kind
of female mask complete with painted make-up and brightly rouged lips.
The grip of the bra and panties compressed his waist, and the swell of
his hips and breasts shaped his torso into a dramatic hour-glass figure.
The sensuously feminine accoutrements of rubbered stockings and
gloves completed the illusion.

Nor was this dream confined to a reflection in the mirror: The feel of
the
rubber was a song against his skin-- its silky-smoothness like a summer
breeze trapped around him. A soft caress so completely unfamiliar to his
male-mindedness, it further alienated his sense of manhood and affirmed
the reality in the mirror! Had he not experienced the process of
feminization himself, he would never have believed that the figure
before
him was not in reality a rubbered goddess, a taller twin to the woman
smiling up into the eyes of the reflection beside her.

"Follow me," commanded this feminizing Dr. Frankenstein, her words
muffled by the rubber masking her mouth. "I have some hair for you.
And then..."

She was stroking the slick, fulsome swell of his rubber-skinned ass; her
eyes a bright blaze of victory above the wicked smile pressing through
the black rubber wrapped around her face, "...And then I want to go
down on my new girlfriend!"

And tugging on the chain affixed to his collar she pulled her
"new girlfriend" towards the bed. It seemed his night of sensual
discoveries had just begun and he had to admit he had no protest....

No words.
