---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Suspended and Used
authors:
- Tigon
tags:
- F/m
- bond
- rope
- susp
- blindfold
- strapon
- hood
- tease
- denial
- pegging
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2023-04-15 00:00:00
---

She stood there just inside my view. The bright purple strap-on was glistening in the faint light as she applied lubricant. For safety and to make me say it one last time, she asked me if I wanted this from her and if so to beg. I was on the verge of ecstasy in my mind, running wild with feelings of pleasure and endorphins putting every nerve in my body on edge with wanting her to use me. She pulled my blindfold back down, blocking all sight and most sounds from my consciousness. Hands holding my legs and pulling me towards as she prepared to sheath her toy inside of me and penetrate my body now as well as my mind.

We have been dating for months but this weekend she showed her true dominant side to me and I feel deep into subjugation for her. She oozed control and power and I wanted nothing more than for her to use me as she saw it. We'd hinted upon a mutual deeper interest in kinky play, but as of yet we are not done anything more than handcuffs to the bed frame. This weekend as we ate dinner, her beautiful doughy eyes looked up at me in a way that betrayed her nervousness. She told me in a shaking voice that she needed to talk to me about something but she was very nervous. Wanting nothing to be wrong than for us both to be happy. I asked her what happened and what I could do?

She then revealed to me that her desire for kinky play went way deeper than handcuffs and dirty talk, and that she couldn't hold back her need to tie me up and play with me. My brain stopped for a moment in shock, and pleasant surprise as there is nothing more I would want in that moment. Everything changed.that day, and while we never went full time we tended toward a Mistress/Slave situation. As we dove deeper into our kinks, being truly honest with our BDSM wants and desires. She loved to tie, torture, and tease. I sought to be bound, helpless, and safe with her.

This evening she said she had a special scene planned for me, but it was a surprise. As we began my arms were snugly bound in parallel behind my back, the rope holding them across my back, rendering my arms useless. She tied the rest of the rope into a beautiful harness around my chest and torso, and laid me on her bed. My helpless status was complete when she tied my legs into a frogtie. She brought out more rope and secured it to various parts of me. I heard a click and wondered what more could be done. I tried to tug and pull for any freedom, but I had almost no movement. I asked what Mistress would do with me, but she just shhhed me and slowly lowered her lace panties and gently stuffed them in my mouth, her face telling me that I didn't dare spit them out.

I heard a slow motor noise and felt my body lift off the floor, the rope snugly tied all over my body created a gentle and carressive spider net to suspend my helpless body in air. My mind raced with the sensation and feelings of truly giving my trust to this beautiful, dominant, and powerful lover and mistress. She next slipped a leather hood over my face, open at the mouth and nostrils. The sensation sent shudders through my body, and my muscles tensed when she strapped on the ball gag. I was helpless, suspended in the air naked, and completely and vulnerably exposed to her.

Her hands started touching and scratching me all over, in random spots, making me squirm and moan. Then suddenly there was nothing, minimal noise, and the inability for me to move. I was helpless and loved it so much. She then began to tease and play with me, biting me, kissing me, and stroking me. I soon fell deep into subspace as my mind slowly and slowly submitted and I released all hope and worry. I was no longer in charge of my fate, and the stresses and worries we're soon replaced by love, acceptance and a bit of torture.

I felt her gentle hands begin to touch me and explore my body, slowly working towards privates. The anticipation was driving me mad, I would have done or given anything to have her touch my cock. I throbbed with each breath, feeling my pulse spread through my body, pulsating my member. She began to work me up, first with her mouth, and then using her hand. Though the muffling hood I could hear her faint moans, from the sound of it she was enjoying herself as well. She continued stroking me, and as the orgasm was building in me, I strained against my binds, revealed in the feeling and the sound of her pleasure.

I was close, so close I could almost feel the buildup, when suddenly nothing, she was no longer touching me and I was in agony, wanting to cum, being so close but not enough to put me over the edge. I had no idea how much time passed then, it no longer held meaning to me. Minutes passed, or maybe an hour, or a few seconds. My mind was obsessed with pleasing her and her allowing me to orgasm. I would do anything for her, I was hers.

My blindfold was pulled up and my eyes were drawn to the goddess. She stood there just inside my view. The bright purple strap-on was glistening in the faint light as she applied lubricant. For safety and to make me say it one last time she asked me if I wanted this from her and if so to beg. I was on the verge of ecstasy in my mind running wild with feelings of pleasure and endorphins putting every nerve in my body on edge with wanting her to use me. I nodded affirmatively and she kissed my head and pulled my blindfold back down, blocking all sight and most sounds from my consciousness. Hands holding my legs and pulling me towards as she prepared to sheath her toy inside of me and penetrate my body now as well as my mind.

She hovered around my whole, gently moving the cock on the surface and pressing gently on my hole. I could only imagine the scene in my mind, my naked body suspended in the air, ropes holding my body in place. My ass on display for her, my rigid cock begging for attention and sensations.

I felt her grip tighten on my bound legs, as she gently pulled me into her. As she penetrated me I let out a loud, and unrestrained moan. The feeling was unlike anything as she thrust into me, slowly building up to allow me to get used to it. As she sped up I could hear her moan with ecstasy, and she told me I was not to cum until she gave permission. I could feel myself building again and panicked about what would happen if I released before that.

She continued this torment as I helplessly struggled, her perfect little toy suspended at the right height to be penetrated by his Mistress. Anytime I got close she would let go of my cock, but she continued to fuck me and moan with pleasure. The sensation on my prostate in my mind blew me into a whole new level of headspace. In that moment I was hers in every way and wanted nothing more than to please her and get some release.

It felt like hours of edging torture, though it was probably mere minutes. I begged, moaned, wept, and pleased to be able to cum, but the panties and gag rendered my cries for help to nothing more than a muffled vague noise. She leaned in and told me she was built up and on edge as well and that she wanted to fuck me as we both orgasmed. I nodded my head and suddenly felt a lubed hand working me as she pumped into me.

As I got closer and closer I could feel her body build with mine. She increased speed as she thrust harder and harder into me. Soon I was past the point of no return, my body could not hold out any more. Soon the entirety of me shuddered, convulsed, and strained against anything it could. I hit a moment of perfect pleasure right then, being used and fucked, and brought to ecstacy. felt like it would never end, my mind shattered into a beautiful, post orgasmic, moment of clarity. This goddess, this Mistress, this girlfriend...I am her Slave, and she is my Domme.
