---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Shannon Succumbs to Temptation
authors:
- Ludovic
tags:
- Sbf
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2006-03-24 00:00:00
---

Shannon
had cared for her neighbor John since the tragic car accident in which his
wife had died, and he had been left paralyzed from the waist down.
As a former nurse she had experience of looking after patients and she
didn’t mind helping John with some of the more intimate problems that comes
with losing control from below the waist, besides she enjoyed his
companionship whilst her husband James worked overseas for months at a time.

She would visit daily and chat for hours, mainly about
how much she missed James and he would take her mind off it by sharing a tale
or two from his youth. John was actually quite wealthy and had offered to pay
Shannon
for her nursing time, but
Shannon
had refused many times and in the end John had realized she valued his
friendship as much as he did hers.

In the 3 years she cared for John, she had only met his
step daughter Jennifer twice, and both times she had come demanding money from
him for one thing or another, and left soon after receiving it. Jennifer had
always been spoilt rotten as a child and it showed as an adult. She was around
the same age as
Shannon
but she never really managed to strike up a conversation with her, treating
her like a servant in her father in laws employment.

Shannon
never really understood why John would stand for the way Jennifer treated him,
perhaps he felt responsible for the loss of her mother. There were strange
rumors at the time of the accident, that John’s wife had been found in boot
of the wrecked car, others said that she had been bound and kidnapped and
others that she was found naked. John had told her the events of that night
were a blur to him, and the lawyers had cleared him of any blame for the
accident, sensing John’s hurt,
Shannon
had subtly changed the subject before John had an opportunity to try and
explain further.

Sadly one day,
Shannon
had arrived at John’s house to see police cars and an ambulance parked
outside, with John’s cleaner outside giving a statement to the police.
John’s body had been found at the base of the stairs with his wheelchair
beside him, apparently John had tried to use the stair lift unaided and the
chair had slipped down the steps.

A few days after the funeral,
Shannon
kissed her husband as he left once more to travel on business overseas. He had
been under pressure from his company to return and finalize a sales deal that
had been brokering before he had returned home to comfort her. As they parted
James promised to be back in three weeks, and they would have a chance to get
away for a little break, she loved James dearly and would miss him even more
this trip, without John to keep her company.

The following day
Shannon
received a phone call from the lawyer dealing with John’s estate, “Hello
Shannon, this may come as a shock to you but a few months ago John had me
redraft his will, and you are one of the beneficiaries. Could I possible ask
you to come by my office this morning at
11am
for the reading of his last will and testament?”
Shannon
was startled by the news, she had never expected anything from John other then
friendship, but she agreed to attend.

Arriving at the reception, she was ushered into the
office by an assistant, “I think their ready to begin”.
Entering the office, she instantly recognized Jennifer sitting smugly
by the desk, even from behind, her jet black hair, petite figure and passion
for black designer clothing and stiletto shoes were hard to miss. As Jennifer
turned to see who had entered,
Shannon
witnessed the coy smile from Jennifer’s almost elfish face fade and become
filled with spite and hatred. “What’s that bitch doing here?” she
demanded to know from the lawyer. Ignoring Jennifer for the moment,
Shannon
was asked to take a seat. Clearing his throat, the lawyer announces “I’ve
asked you both here today, as the main beneficiaries in John’s last will and
testament!” Glancing over at Jennifer,
Shannon
was rewarded with a look that could kill.

The lawyer sensing a growing tension in the room got down
to business, “To my kind and sweet Shannon I leave my house, including
furnishings and $600,000 dollars so she may spend more time with her husband.
To my step daughter Jennifer I believe it is only appropriate I leave her my
toy collection in the basement, for her apparent inhumanity in my remaining
few years, may she find a use for them along with the remainder of my
estate.” Picking up his calculator, the lawyer announces a figure of
$370,026 to Jennifer. At which point Jennifer lunged at
Shannon
slapping her squarely across the face, “You gold digging bitch!!! I’ll see
your arse in court!” Snatching the check from the lawyers’ desk, Jennifer
regained her composure, before walking purposely from the office, leaving
Shannon
in tears on the floor.

Helping
Shannon
to her feet, the lawyer assured her she shouldn’t worry about Jennifer’s
threats, as he had looked into all aspects of the will and she didn’t have a
leg to stand on. Still dazed and slightly shaken
Shannon
accepted a set of keys and a check for $600,000 from the lawyer, and made her
way back to her car. After a few minutes within her car, Shannon wipes the
last few tears away with a tissue and inspects the bruise on her cheek with
the rear view mirror, it felt worse then it actually looked and would probably
fade within a few hours. Driving home
Shannon
stops only briefly to deposit the check with bank, feeling unsafe driving
around with a check worth so much money.

Sitting on her settee at home for a few hours, the events
of the morning finally begin to sink in. With the money from John, she and
James could finally settle down to a proper family life together, James could
take the 9 to 5 job he had been offered in the companies local office, even if
it meant a slight drop in salary.
Shannon
tried to call James to tell him of the news, but the ringing of his phone from
a nearby table meant he had forgotten to take it with him.
Shannon
sat fiddling with the set of keys to John’s house as she pondered her next
move.

Clutching the keys in her hand, Shannon headed off to
look around John’s house hoping that the familiar surroundings would take
her mind off the events of the morning, besides she had never seen more then a
couple of rooms of John’s house before, and idea of exploring the house
intrigued her. Opening the front door,
Shannon
was aware of the silence of her footsteps on the polished wooded floors, a
light coating of dust had settled and the thought of cleaning filled her mind.
But she pushed the urge aside for the moment as she quickly surveyed her
options.

Heading upstairs, she pushed open the doors to the master
bedroom. John had stayed in the guest bedroom since the crash he couldn’t
stand the thought of sleeping where him and his wife once slept. A large
wooden four poster bed stood imposingly in the centre of the room, decorated
in lace trimmings, and a large sea chest sat at the base of the bed, probably
containing clean sheets she thought. Pulling open one of the closet doors she
searched for a light switch and flicked it on. “wow” she whispered to
herself, as the light illuminated the walk in closet, so many clothes!
John’s wife always liked to dress up, even if some of her clothes were
considered in some circles as a little risky, and here she was in the middle
of all of them. Dresses, skirts, tops, bottoms, shoes… lots of shoes…
picking up a pair, she wondered how anyone could bare being strapped into such
high heels all day long! She would find out! Kicking off her sneakers she sat
on a chair and slipped them on, buckling the thin black straps around her
ankles. After admiring the shoes from the vantage point of the chair for a
minute or two
Shannon
stood up aware of her newly gained stature, walking back and forth the full
length mirror admired how her calf muscles stood out slightly. James would
definitely like her in these she thought to herself, with a little smile.

Flicking through the racks of dresses, pulling the odd
one out she liked the look of and holding them up in front of the mirror, she
was slightly taken aback by how her own frumpy wardrobe paled into
insignificance compared to these stylish and youthful clothes of John’s
wife. Returning to her browsing
Shannon
stopped in amazement as she pulled out a rather short black leather dress,
with small steel eyelets and black leather lacing up both sides, this was
definitely not the normal black little number! John had never mentioned his
and his wife’s interests in such things she thought to herself with a
mischievous smile. An entire array of such outfits filled a rack at the back
of the closet, most made from leather, others were shiny as if made of plastic
and from others the came the aroma of rubber.

Bending down
Shannon
reached through the hanging outfits and pulled out a large plastic box tray
that had caught her eye, removing a couple leather dresses that had fallen
from their hangers and covered the contents, she couldn’t believe her eyes.
Whips, handcuffs, manacles, vibrators and even something that looked like a
chastity belt! No wonder John forbid anyone from ever entering the master
bedroom.
Shannon
hauled the box from the closet and emptied its contents onto the bed for a
closer look.

Picking up a red ball she tried to pull it from the
tangle of leather straps, only to realize they were attached to the ball!
Taking a moment to untangle the straps it dawned on her this was like a ball
gag she had seen in a movie but with extra straps that enclosed the whole
head. After figuring out which buckle went to which strap, Shannon was
surprised to notice the damp patch that had formed on her jeans, could it be
she was turned on by the thought of this harness strapped around her head and
neck and silenced by the red ball, the tingle of excitement from her crotch
confirmed her suspicions!

Holding the ball up to her mouth, she slowly opened her
mouth and pushed the ball inside passed her teeth, fumbling for the straps she
stood up and walked over to the mirror to get a better view. Pulling the
harness over her face she started by buckling the leather strap around her
neck, then another by her ear as she felt the leather grip into her skin, one
last strap would complete the harness, as she threaded the strap through the
buckle near her cheek. Pulling it tight she felt the red rubber ball being
force further into her mouth, she wanted to feel the full effect and pulled
the strap a further notch before pushing the pin of the buckle into place and
securing strap.

“Mmmmph” was all she could manage as she gazed into
the mirror at this leather contraption secured around her head. Reaching down
she undid her jeans and slipped them down around her knees, slipping her
fingers below her damp cotton panties, she groaned into the gag as thoughts of
being taken by James whilst bound, gagged and helpless filled her mind. Slowly
and gently at first her fingers slipped over her sensitive clitoris sending
tingles of pleasure through her body, she reached inside her top with her
other hand began flicking and teasing her right and then left nipples which
were now erect and throbbing, squeezing her right nipple between her thumb and
finger she doubled her efforts with her other hand and gasped in pleasure
behind the gag. As she approached climax her eyes closed and she bit firmly
into the gag, squeezing her now tender nipple for all her worth. With her body
buckling, she teetered on her new heels and allowed the pleasure to wash over
her, as she gasped for breath around the mouthpiece between her teeth.

Wiping away the saliva from around her mouth and chin,
and still flushed
Shannon
released the strap that held the gag in place, and pulled it free from her
aching mouth, she felt the cool air on her lips and cheeks as she started to
breath more easily. Taking a moment to catch her breath,
Shannon
pulled up her jeans, which by now were around her ankles, before releasing the
remaining straps that held the harness snugly around her face and neck.
Placing the harness by the assorted pile of items from the box,
Shannon
sat on the bed as a shiver ran up and down her spine, overcome by a mixture of
fear and excitement as the thoughts of her newly discovered pleasures sank in.

Shannon
’s thoughts drifted to James, and the times he would playfully slap her
behind from time to time. She had always known he wanted to explore that side
of his sexuality more, and she would tease him about it, by calling him Master
at the most inappropriate times.
Shannon
wondered how she would introduce him to this kinky treasure trove she had
discovered, would she act innocent and ask him to explain the items she had
found, or perhaps she would greet him on his return dressed in one of the
outfits she had found.
Shannon
smiled inwardly as she went through the possibilities.

Picking up a wooden paddle, she thought ‘ouch’ to
herself as she ran her fingers over the holes drilled through the wood.
Slapping the paddle against the palm of her hand, she decided it wasn’t a
true test of the implement, so she grabbed two pillows and formed them into a
neat stack on the edge of the bed. Leaning over the stack of pillows,
Shannon
pushed her weight forward until her toes were left touching the floor,
fumbling for the paddle she raised her arm and took aim at her behind, and
brought it down with all her force she could muster. Missing her bum
completely, she tried again with less force and a little more control, whack,
Whack, WHACK! “Oooh” she purred to herself as the sting left and the
warmth filled the cheeks of her bum. Rubbing her hand over the tight denim
cloth of her jeans,
Shannon
wanted to feel the paddle without her jeans in the way.

Sliding off the stack of pillows,
Shannon
removed the shoes that were starting to annoy her, before peeling off her
jeans. Tossing them onto the bed she lifts her top over her head in one
complete movement, letting her long auburn hair falling around her shoulders
in small caressing strands, flipping her head to the right she felt the soft
sensual impact of her hair on her chest before it slipped back over her
shoulder and stroked her back. Pushing her cotton panties down past her
thighs, she lets them fall to the floor before stepping out of them and
towards the mirror.

Shannon
inspected herself in the mirror as she brushed her fingers over her reddened
cheeks, her skin felt sensitive and warm,
Shannon
was enjoying herself and her body was responding in kind. Tracing the flat
edge of red skin left by the paddle, she was disappointed not to see a pattern
left by the holes of the wooden paddle. Grasping the paddle firmly she brought
it down once on each cheek, without her jeans for protection she winced
momentarily in surprise by sting of the impacts.
Shannon
watched in amazement as small dimples began to form on the surface of the
skin, running her fingers over them made her shudder, she had done this to
herself, she had paddled her own bum and she had loved it. Kneeling before
James she would present it to him on his return, Shannon’s mind began to
wander, better yet she’d hold it playfully whilst dressed in a tight rubber
dress, then decide on who would be on the receiving end of it!

Turning her attention to the closet
Shannon
selected a tight rubber dress and stepped into it, the rubber felt cold
against her skin as she slid it up over her legs. Threading her arms through
the armholes, she reached behind and slowly pulled the zip upward feeling the
embrace of the rubber as it closed around her. Admiring her reflection in the
mirror as the light bounced off her black rubber torso she felt the urge to
accessorize. Looking around she grabbed a pair of long rubber gloves, a tight
leather corset and some jewelry. After spending the next ten minutes
struggling with the corset and gloves,
Shannon
picked up the paddle and posed in front of the mirror, trying to imagine how
James would react!

Laying down the paddle for the moment,
Shannon
’s attention was drawn to her bare feet, she had taken off the heels because
they were starting to annoy her but she knew James wouldn’t be happy with
anything less then her teetering around on heels. Looking through the
collection in the cupboard a pair of ankle boots caught
Shannon
’s eye, black patent leather with silver zips and a padlock at the ankle
that made sure they couldn’t come off, even if she wanted too. Sitting on
the side of the bed
Shannon
imagined James sliding them onto her feet, her toes being squeezed by the
leather before the heel slipped into place, the feel of the leather tightening
around the ankles as James pulled up the zip and the snap of the lock as he
secured them in place.

The snap of the second lock brought
Shannon
out from her daydream, “SHIT! keys… keys… keys”
Shannon
said aloud, as she tugged at one of the padlocks, these were real padlocks and
Shannon
hadn’t thought to find the keys before locking them to her feet! With her
heart pounding in her chest,
Shannon
frantically started looking through the pile of toys on the bed for keys.
Finding a large bundle of keys on a key ring she tried a few at
random…nothing…nothing… A cold sweat had formed on her brow, and she
felt slightly queasy at the thought of explaining her new footwear to the
local locksmith. Finally with a click the padlock popped open and
Shannon
gave out a sigh of relief before relocking it and collapsing backwards onto
the bed. Calming herself down
after the excitement of the last 5 minutes,
Shannon
stared up at the ceiling of the four poster bed, only to see her reflection
staring back down! How very 70’s she laughed to herself, of course there
would be a mirror on the ceiling! Studying her body in the mirror however she
decided she looked damn sexy in her rubber dress, sweaty but sexy.

Running her hands down her dress, as she looked in the
mirror feeling ever caress through the rubber, then the lack of touch as her
hands passed over the leather corset, she loved how it held her like a
constant hug, a constant embrace of a lover. Fiddling with the rings attached
to the front of the corset
Shannon
poked her thumbs through and pulled to see if they were decorative or actually
functional, she decided they were functional since they were very well secured
to the corset. Still on her back,
Shannon
reached over to inspect some more of the toys, taking hold of a vibrator she
twisted the bottom and it sprang to life for a few seconds before the
batteries failed and it became silent. Picking up another she pushed it into
the fold of her skirt before switching it on, the vibrations sent tingles
through the rubber dress and she groaned quietly for a few seconds until the
batteries once again died. Tossing
it into her used pile,
Shannon
grabbed another then another, a few seconds from each, could she reach climax
before she ran out of vibrators?

As the last vibrator died,
Shannon
was horny for more… reaching down she rubbed herself with a finger for a few
seconds… “Mmmmm” something was missing, reaching over she pulled a pair
of ankle cuffs connected by a long shiny steel chain from the pile, as she
squeeze one of the cuffs the ratchet clicked again and again until it popped
open. Closing the cuff she grabbed the keys and made sure she had one to open
it, as she fiddled with the keys the smooth cold steel of the cuffs on her
fingertips sent tingles of excitement through her body. Finding the correct
key, she placed them down by her side within easy reach. Popping open a cuff
Shannon
threaded the metal shank through one of the rings on her corset, with a little
difficulty it finally went past the lock and she set to work passing it
through the second ring. With the
cuffs in position she slowly closed the open cuff around her left wrist,
click, click, click… She shuddered in excitement with each click of the
ratchet as it tightened around her wrist.

Making sure she could reach the
keyhole,
Shannon
snapped the second steel shackle around her right wrist, her hands now secured
to her waist. Pulling first her left hand then her right hand away from her
waist, she tests the limits of her captivity, the sound the chain pulling
through each ring exciting her more. Reaching down her dress with some
difficulty she barely manages to touch her womanhood through the rubber, but
that was her plan all along as she once again sets to work with her
fingertips. Writhing in pleasure
Shannon
’s breaths are short due to the tightness of the corset, the metal chain
straining against the rings and the cuffs painfully biting into her wrist,
helpless to stop
Shannon
gasps again and again for air as her climax nears then finally washes over her
body. Laying there on the bed spent and exhausted,
Shannon
closes her eyes and rests a little as her breathing slows and sensibilities
return.

After her little rest Shannon decided it was time to
explore a little more, still in her outfit and wrists shackled to her waist,
she slides herself off the bed and onto her feet, her bonds she thought to
herself would stay on for now, to give her a taste for things to come. Opening
doors and drawers would be a constant reminder to her of the limitations of
her movements, with it a sense of excitement of the games she and James would
play upon his return. Pulling open the remaining drawers in the bedroom,
hoping to discover a diary or photo album
Shannon
was disappointed to find only the usual assortment of socks, and underwear.
Opening the door to the on suite bathroom, she had to get onto tip toes to
reach the light switch, looking around it was little dated but still very
welcoming, she pondered trying out the shower in her rubber dress, but decided
against it for now. As she turned to leave, she noticed a large enema bag
hanging on the back of the door with an array of tubes and nozzles. Unable to
reach them, she made a mental note to get rid of them before James returned,
there was no way in hell she was letting him pump her full of water!

Leaving the master bedroom she made her way past the
spare bedroom where John had slept, to the room next room she had never been
into. Pushing the door open it was another bedroom, with posters on the wall
of Bon Jovi and other rock bands this must have been Jennifer’s room,
stepping over the clutter on the floor
Shannon
noticed the vanity mirror was smashed, and perfume bottles knocked down and
scattered like skittles, probably from her last temper tantrum, she thought to
herself. Kneeling down Shannon manages to pull open one of the drawers of the
side cabinet, sifting through layers of jeans, she stubbles across main’s
powered vibrator, a black studded dog collar and leash and a leather wristband
with the words ‘Mistress Jennifer’ engraved on a metal nameplate. “Like
parents, like daughter”,
Shannon
said to herself with a giggle. Pushing the drawer closed,
Shannon
struggles back to her feet with some difficulty before leaving the room, at
least she knew now where to find a vibrator that didn’t need batteries next
time she felt the urge.

The last two rooms upstairs were a bathroom and study
both of which she had been in many times, so
Shannon
headed towards the stairs leading back down to the ground floor.

Standing at the top of the stairs
Shannon
felt nervous trying to descend without the use of her hands to grasp the
railing so returned to the master bedroom and unlocked the handcuffs around
her wrists. Leaving the cuffs threaded through the buckles of her dress she
closed both of them a couple of clicks. With her wrists now unfettered she
made her way down the stairs grasping the handrail and teetering on her heels
with each step.

Across from the bottom of the stairs was the door to the
basement, where John had left the contents to Jennifer in his will. Curiosity
got the better of her and she tried the door, it seemed to be locked but there
was no keyhole. Looking around the doorframe she looked for a latch of some
sort, there was none, but her attention was drawn to an area of the frame
where the paint seemed grubbier then the rest as if touched by fingers many
times before. Feeling around the area with her fingers a small circular area
of wood started to give way into a recess in the frame, pushing a little
harder there was and audible click and the door popped open a few inches.

Fumbling for the light switch, she made her way down
stairs towards a large heavy wooden door with a small barred viewing window.
Peering through the viewing window, it looked like a scene from a medieval
torture chamber, with manacles hanging from stone clad walls, and various
large devices and contraptions littering the floor. The wooden door creaked
loudly as she opened it, sending a tingle of fear up and down
Shannon
’s spine as she entered the room.

The air in this room was cold and musty, which only added
to the atmosphere and
Shannon
’s fear and excitement as she walked around inspecting the unusual devices.
Some she recognized from films like a wooden pillory with holes for neck and
wrist, and a wooden cross stood that upright against one wall, others like an
oversized stainless steel bath tub that sat in one corner of the room she
didn’t recognize and seemed out of place in the medieval setting.

Shannon
stopped at an elaborate steel table, tilted at an angle of 45 degrees which
seemed to dominate the centre of the room. Perfectly smooth and icy cold to
the touch, it had 2 metal footrests for the victim to stand upon at the base,
with hinged steel bands positioned at ankles, wrists, torso and neck. Between
where the victim’s legs would be was a 5” groove with a strange L Shaped
dildo protruding from the groove. Looking under the table Shannon saw the
dildo was attached to a large box that slide up and down the grove and was
locked in place by a steel peg. The box had wires running from it to a control
panel near the head of the table and another that ran to a main’s outlet.

Looking at the control panel, she found what seemed to be
the main on off switch and flicked it, the device stirred into life with a low
hum, and vibrations shook the table slightly. A playing with a slider seemed
to cause the device to vibrate more or less, another knob seemed to be turning
by it’s self , she could make out it was counting down somehow, but to what!
Turning the timer to zero the vibrations stopped and
Shannon
heard the sound of metal hitting metal around the front of the table. Looking
around the front of the table one of the metal wrist bands had sprung open!
The other bands however were still firmly closed, looking closely at the neck
band, she saw small raised circle of metal, pushing it into the table there
was a small click and neck band was now free to be opened. Looking around the
table Shannon found the other release buttons and it didn’t take her long to
figure out how this table could be used, for a little self bondage!

Turning her attention to the other controls, they all
seemed to be deactivate when the restraints were open, setting the timer to 5
minutes she returned to the front of the table and closed the bands and
witnessed the table spring back into action. Returning to the controls she
turned a knob from the off position to on and heard a whistling sound coming
from some under the table. Following the noise she found what seemed to be a
oversized bra made from leather and rubber attached to the table by a length
of hose, looking inside the bra she saw the noise came from 2 outlets in the
cups of the bra. Placing her finger over the outlet caused her finger to be
sucked inside, she felt as the vacuum pulsed and sucked on her fingertip. She
had to try it on!

Switching off the machine, she unzipped the back of her
dress down to the corset and slide her arms out, fastening herself into the
bra, the cold hard rubber of the cups encircling her breast made her shiver.
With the hose from the bra coming out from one of the arm holes,
Shannon
struggled to zip up the back of her dress, but the rubber finally stretched
enough to allow the zip to close.

Returning to the control panel, she paused for a second
before reactivating the table, she let out audible gasp as the table sprung
back to life, her breasts instantly sucked further into the rubber cups, they
felt like they were being stretched, sucked, and kneaded all at the same time.
Turning a couple of the dials caused the suction to increase in strength and
pulse more often, she had only turned the suction dial half way before the
suction felt painful on her breasts and nipples, she turned it back down a
little to ease the pain and leave the vacuum to pleasure her breasts.

By now it was inevitable she had to try out the table,
her mind was filled by the thoughts of being restrained on the table whilst
the bra and dildo did their worst! She would play with the other controls
later but for now she had found all the controls she needed to satisfy her.
Just at that moment the timer had run it’s course and the wrist restraint
sprang open shutting down the machine once again. Resetting the timer to 15
minutes,
Shannon
made her way around the front of the table, dragging the length of hosepipe
from her bra with her.

Releasing each of the restraints, Shannon pulled up her
dress before easing herself onto the dildo, with her feet resting on the metal
foot plates she closed and reopen the ankle restraints making sure they were
accessible once her wrists were free, repeating the process on the neck, chest
and left wrist restraints. Now all that was left to do would be to pull the
right wrist restraint closed and she would be trapped for 15 minutes whilst
the table did devilish things to her defenseless body!

Before her mind could fill with too many ‘what ifs’
Shannon
pulled the metal restraint closed with her fingertips, and the machine sprang
into life! Almost instantly she
realized that she hadn’t tested the strength of the vibrations going to the
dildo, now lodged deep inside her. Panicking at the vibrations that were
almost painful she tugged helplessly at the metal restraints that held her
firmly strapped to the table for the full duration of the timer.

A cold sweat had formed on her forehead by the time the
first orgasm hit her, writhing on the table she could do nothing but accept
the fate she had bestowed upon her own body. After 5 minutes her breasts had
expanded to the full size of the bra and her nipples were sucked in turn deep
inside the outlets of the bra, what felt like vices started to close slowly on
them, she screamed as they pinched closed.

‘SLAM’
Shannon
was startled by the sound of the door slamming closed behind her, was there
someone there? Was it the wind?
Shannon
became silent as she struggled to hear for movement over the sound of the
table.

“Well, well, well! What do we have here?” said
Jennifer as she stepped around the side of the table and looked down at the
defenseless
Shannon
struggling against her bonds…

To be continued… Comments to forums please…
