---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: My Fantasy For Maxine
authors:
- Steve
tags:
- M/f
- bondage
- F/f
- cons
- X
---

My Fantasy For Maxine
by Steve
My Fantasy For Maxine by Steve
This is my first effort at writing a story and came about after chatting
online to a woman called Maxine.

You are shaved and naked on top of a heavy coffee table, your limbs
are tied to the legs of the table keeping your legs wide.

Your mouth is held open with a ring gag, I put a padded blindfold on
you.

I take some rope and wrap it around the base of each tit, pulling it
tight until your breasts look like balloons waiting to burst.

I take some ice and let the water drip on your stomach and watch the
goose bumps rise.

The drips get lower until the ice-cold water finds your clit cooling
your hot pussy.

The ice make contact with your skin moving around your body until it
touches your nipples making them swell and become firm, you cannot see
the cloths pegs that are about to bite down on your waiting buds.
You just feel them squeeze your nipples, unable to do anything about
it.

Your pussy feels an intrusion, two of my fingers have entered you and
slowly move about in the warm wetness of your sex, my thumb finds your
clit and gently moves around in a circle teasing you.

You try to lift your butt off the table to get more pressure on your
clit but I keep up a gentle caress just teasing you.

I remove my fingers and replace them with a dildo, I take a length of
rope and loop it around your waist, from the front of the loop the rope
passes down between your legs over the dildo up through the cheeks of your
butt over the loop at your back and back down your cheeks and over the
end of the table. I make sure that the rope pushes the dildo all the way
in and that the rope is resting on the clit.
I take the ends of this rope under the length of the table and tie
it to the D ring at the back of your ring gag.

You cannot raise your head without pulling the rope so your head is
now held back over the edge of the table mouth open wide, my prick swells
at the sight of you and needs some attention as it is only your mouth available
I kneel at your head and let the end of my prick enter the ring, your upper
teeth scrape on the under side of me finding my sensitive spot, your tongue
licks the pre cum from my slit I do not put my prick any deeper, I take
a soft flogger and start to gently whip your stretched body. Your tongue
licks faster as the flogger finds its way between your legs even with the
rope there you feel the sweep of the leather against your sweet spot.

Suddenly the dildo come to life and the vibrations can be felt deep
inside you, as well as the vibrations transferred along the rope hard up
against your clit.

As you try to take more of my prick into your mouth by lifting your
head you also pull the rope harder against your clit, you find yourself
building up but can't quite get there. The flogger starts to get harder
making you jerk, which in turn pulls on the rope, you are getting closer,
my hands have now got hold of your breasts squeezing them the pegs now
standing tall still holding on to your hard nipples. I start to flick the
pegs causing a sharp but not unpleasant pain that goes straight to your
crutch.

You are now building up to a wonderful cum my prick finally goes deeper
into your wide-open mouth as I rip off the pegs. This new sensation is
the final straw and sends you into the cum you have been waiting for.

You relax on the table top spent, I carefully remove the breast bondage
and then release the rope attaching your left arm to the table, you are
still blindfolded ring gagged and you still can’t raise your head, I massage
you arm to get the pins and needles out were you have been held in one
place for so long.

You feel me place a glove upon your free hand, it is in fact just a
bondage mitten with no fingers and you have to clench your hand into a
fist to get it on. A cuff is placed on your arm just above the elbow. The
other arm receives the same treatment.

I release the rope at the back of your gag so that you can sit up, your
hands are moved around your back and each mitten is padlocked to the cuff
on the other arm, your arms are held crossed behind your back. I place
a 4” wide cuff around both of your forearms and buckle it in place.

I fix a 3” wide collar about your neck restricting your head movement
and a chain is clipped to the ring on the collar. I release your legs from
the table, your legs also need a rub to get the circulation working. I
tell you not to speak as I remove the ring gag I offer you some water.

I pull on the chain and you stand up the crouch rope and dildo are removed,
taking the chain again I pull, you can only follow. We enter the garage
and I open the boot of the car and motion for you to get in. I have placed
a blanket and pillow in the boot and with my help you climb in the boot
of the car laying on your side knees brought up to your chest. I close
the lid you are now in complete darkness.

You hear the garage door open and the car start, you are on a journey
but don’t know where. It seems about ½ an hour later the car pulls
to a stop. The boot opens and the bright light hurts your eyes, I pull
the chain but as you don’t know where you are you feel reluctant to move
you slowly lift your head to look over the rim of the boot.

You look around and see that we are not on a road but parked in a small
clearing in some woods. You feel a little bit happier knowing that you
are not in a shopping mall car park. (Maybe next time) with my help you
climb from the car. I pick up the blanket and pillow and put them into
a bag you can see some rope in the bag you can’t see anything else.

You follow me (as if you could do anything else) as I tug on your lead,
you find it difficult to balance with you arms still behind your back but
you manage.

I stop about 500 yards from the car beside a large tree I hook your
chain over a branch and leave you there as I walk over to the tree, from
the bag I take the blanket and wrap it around the trunk using some rope
to keep it in place. I then pull you over so that your back is towards
the blanket. Another long length of rope is taken out of the bag, I tie
one end to the cuff on your right arm take the rope around the tree and
connect it to left arm. I take some leather cuffs from the bag and attach
them to each ankle, I ask you to spread your legs and with another length
of rope go from one ankle cuff to the other around the trunk of the tree,
you are now bound to the tree arms still folded behind your back your legs
wide open.

Next item from the bag is a leather hood you look at me unsure if this
is a good idea, I hold it up for you to see, it just has nose holes and
a small gag fixed inside. You do not use your safe word so I continue to
put it on you.

It feels tight on your head as I close the zipper you are completely
blind your hearing has been reduced and your ability to talk has gone,
you feel vulnerable and excited.

I tell to you in a loud voice that I have to go back to the car to get
some water and that I won’t be long, you shake your head and grunt but
you get no response.

A few minutes have passed when you feel something crawl over your foot,
you try to kick out but this does you no good whatever it is just gets
more interested in playing with a new toy, YOU!

Suddenly the creature disappears and you can hear voices, they must
be close for you to hear them through the hood, you freeze hoping they
don’t notice you, several moments pass when you feel a hand on your breast,
you start to panic you don’t know who it is but you are tied to a tree
naked apart from the hood with you legs held wide.

The hand gently caresses your thrust out boobs running a finger around
a nipple, it starts to harden under the light touch. You think that I have
returned and have started to play with you until a mouth starts to suck
on your breast and you notice that there is no feeling of the stubble you
saw on my face earlier. Your mind is trying to picture what is happening
to you, you imagine how you must look and try to workout what the unknown
person looks like. You feel something tickle your stomach, you work out
it must be the long hair of the person who is working on your breast. Your
mind go into overtime as you work out that a smooth chin and long hair
can mean only one thing, who ever it is it must be female.

The mouth starts to kiss your body from breast to the other then a finger
works it’s way into the wetness of your cunt, you feel the soft finger
exploring, you take a deep breath as it finds your clit sending wild sensations
to your brain knowing that an unknown woman is taking advantage of you
and you like it.

The woman moves down your body until her mouth takes over from her finger,
her tongue licking you the full length of your slit making a pattern going
around the clit back down and darting inside of you and back up and flicking
over the hard clit.

You soon start to gyrate to the movement of her tongue trying to follow
her moves or get her to concentrate more on the clit, you are building
wanting to cum your juices are flowing down your legs, over your unknown
lovers face, then……………nothing.

You can feel no one she has stopped dead, you moan as loud as you can
trying to get her to restart, your pussy is humping air trying to find
some relief, still nothing, you sag against the tree almost sobbing wanting
someone to touch you just to let you know someone is there, you listen
carefully you hear nothing.

5 minutes pass when you suddenly hear my voice, I ask if you are ok
you shake you head no, I unzip the hood and remove it, you hair is matted
from the sweat of your ordeal your eyes are almost in tears when you see
a naked female sitting on the grass smiling at you.

She is about 25 with long dark hair, slim and quite attractive, beside
her you can see a rucksack and a pile of clothes.

I explain to you that as I turned to return to the car I found this
young lady staring at you, I hushed her before she could make a sound and
beckoned her to follow me out of your earshot.

I explained our liking for bondage and that you were here of your own
free will and if she did not believe me I would let her ask you herself,
after all we don’t want to give the wrong impression and end up with the
police turning up.

She said her name was Tara and I need not explain as she had watched
the whole thing, we had pulled up in the car as she was taking a leak behind
a bush. This is why we did not see her but she had not been able to take
her eyes off of us since you got out of the trunk.

All of our bondage games had turned her on so much that she just had
to get in on it as long as I was agreeable. How could I refuse and you
could not, even if you wanted to (which I knew you wouldn’t).

Tara wanted to bring you off but it was me who stopped her, you look
at me in disgust.

I said why should the slave cum first let her earn her reward Tara smiled
and agreed.

I untie the ropes connecting you to the tree you can walk again but
your arms are still crossed behind your back. I sit you astride a large
fallen log, from the bag I take some long wooden stakes and start to hammer
them into the ground near your feet, rope connects the ankle cuffs to these
pegs. I remove the forearm cuff and unhook the upper arm cuffs from the
bondage mittens, you can stretch your arms at last, you are stiff from
the arm bondage but assure me you are ready to carry on.

I lay you down along the log your arms resting on the ground, I move
the arm cuffs down to your wrists and with two more wooden pegs your arms
are secure.

I signal to Tara to come over, time for a favour returned she said as
she straddled your head, a neatly trimmed pussy was only inches from your
nose, you could smell the fragrant love juices and see a slight shine of
wetness on Tara’s lower lips.

You turn your head to look at me, I know that this is difficult for
you as you have never done this to a female before but in the end you think
how good it felt while it was being done to you that you thought it only
right to repay your new found friend.

You look back at Tara and smile she knows this is the signal to proceeded,
she lowers her self onto you waiting mouth, your tongue starts to play
with Tara in the same fashion as she did to you. You look up to she her
pulling at her own nipples while she looks down on you.

I am mesmerized by the two of you, I want to interfere but you seem
to be lost in each others gaze. Tara continues to stare into your eyes
as her breathing starts to get heavy her hands lower so that they are resting
on the log each side of your head, she starts to pant as you feel the juices
now running over your face. Tara now grinds back and forth harder on your
mouth and you are finding it harder to breath as her puss covers both your
nose and mouth. With her hands on each side of your head you can not twist
away, you must increase your efforts to finish her off so that you may
breath clearly again. You catch her clit between your tongue and upper
teeth and squeeze with all your might. Tara screams out as she gushes cum
all over you, you have to swallow in order to clear your breathing. Tara
suddenly realises what has happened and quickly lifts off you. She starts
to apologise when you tell her it’s ok.

Well that’s one that’s cum and as the slave is always last (if at all)
then it must be my turn next and as your face smells like a cunt then a
might as well use it as one.

Your mouth is tired already and you plead with me not use it as you
explain that I would not be best pleased with your performance in your
current state. I think that you may have a point but as you are at this
time to be denied any pleasure of your own I turn to Tara and ask what
she thinks, after a while we come up with a plan.
You are released from the log and returned to the tree this time in
a simple spread eagle with your back to the blanket. Your friendly dildo
is taken out of the bag and slid inside you, a stick of about 3 feet long
is found and stuck into the ground between your feet, and with a leather
lace I tie the end of this stick to the bottom of the dildo.
You are now impaled on the dildo, I tell you that if you want any pleasure
you must provide it yourself and you must hump the artificial prick inside
you. 
I also explain that while you are doing that Tara will be taking your
place on the log where she wishes to be fucked by me.

You look dejected and start to whine, a large ball gag soon takes care
of that, glad I put one in the bag.

Tara is already laying on the log when I turn around she is about 10
feet away from you so you can see clearly what is going on.

I tie her limbs to the stakes left in the ground she is open and thanks
to you already wet, I just need a little warm up before the main event
and proceed to offer my prick to her willing mouth. I slowly pump into
her, her tongue works on me, licking my shaft sucking me in further. I
see you in the corner of my eye slowly rising on your imbedded rubber prick,
going up on tiptoe and then lowering down again fucking yourself.

I pull away from Tara’s mouth and enter her cunt, it’s warm and tight
and as I pump into her she flexes her inner muscles squeezing me trying
to milk me.

I shout to you that if you want to come you had better finish before
me because as soon as I have finished I will pull out the stick and it
will be too late.

Although you are humiliated by having to hump a dildo on a stick you
know that it is the only way you are going to get any satisfaction. Your
efforts increase as you watch me fuck a bound total stranger.

Tara’s milking action is making it difficult for me to last to much
longer, and with all that’s been going on I am a little more that just
horny. I think that you sense this and are now fucking yourself as fast
as you can.

It’s now a race of sorts you trying to come as fast as you can, me I’m
trying to last as long as I can. Not because I don’t want to cum but I
am enjoying your humiliation far too much. Tara can’t understand why I’m
taking so long and can feel herself building.

I’m almost there and can feel the increasing wetness about my prick,
Tara and I are now concentrating on each other, she feels my prick starting
to throb inside her she knows I am close and so is she.

I can’t last any longer and speed up Tara is now starting to grunt with
each stroke then it happens we both let out a loud yell as we cum together.
You still haven’t cum but you are close, I pull out of Tara and look at
you, fear of not finishing urges you on you are now a dildo’s fuck toy,
you have surrendered to an artificial cock. It is your master you must
fuck it. I get up and walk towards you willing you to cum as I get closer
your eyes roll and you experience a wonderful cum. I smile knowing that
the humiliation you have suffered will be used in the future.

sp107@yahoo.com

27.10.03

story continues in [**Fantasy for Maxine Part Two**](fantasy_for_maxine2.html)

o0o
