---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Reasons
authors:
- Lobo De la Sombra
tags:
- M-f
- strip
- naked
- bond
- cuffs
- susp
- gag
- tease
- torment
- mast
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2014-04-06 00:00:00
---

“I’ll do anything you want. Just let me please you.”

Jack Briscoe glanced curiously at the woman staring at him with large eyes. Kristin, as she’d introduced herself, had started hitting on him nearly as soon as he’d entered this club. Each offer had been a little more explicit, until this last, open invitation.

“Why?” To Jack, it seemed a logical question. After all, why would such an attractive woman go to such lengths to seduce a man nearly twice her age? Jack was honest enough with himself to know he’d never win any prizes for looks, though he wasn’t exactly ugly either. Kristin’s seeming determination to woo him was, therefore, puzzling.

At his question, Kristin shrugged her slim shoulders. Jack couldn’t help but notice how her full breasts rose and fell with the motion, their curves barely concealed by the tight dress she wore. “Because you’re rich,” she said simply.

That much, he realized, was true enough. A recent winner of one of the largest lottery prizes in history, Jack now had more money than he could hope to spend in a dozen lifetimes. Also, her answer made things much clearer to him.

“So,” he mused, “it’s my money you’re interested in, not me.”

Kristin shrugged again. “If I make you happy,” she said, “you can make me happy. I give you what you want, and I get what I want in exchange. Besides, it’s not like you can’t afford it.”

Jack shook his head, more than a little surprised by her audacity and directness. Still, her offer did put a thought into his head.

“I’ll have to see what it is I’m buying,” he said, “before I spend any money on it.”

“When and where?”

For reply, Jack handed her a card, on which was printed a phone number. “Call me next Friday night,” he instructed. “I’ll give you directions to my house. It’s kind of isolated, so I’ll need to guide you as you go.”

“Ok, I’ve made that turn.”

“Fine.” Jack smiled into the phone. “Now, follow that road about a mile and a half, then look for my drive. It looks kind of like an old field road, and it will be on the left side of the road. Turn there and follow it to my house.”

“Sounds good. I’ll be right there.”

“One more thing. Since my place is pretty isolated, there’s nobody around to see you. So when you knock on my door, be wearing only your panties.”

“Only my……? Well, if it’s that isolated, I don’t see why not. Ok, then. One nearly nude woman, coming right up.”

Moments later, Jack opened his door in response to her knock. As instructed, Kristin stood on his porch wearing only a pair of black lace panties. For a moment, Jack simply enjoyed the view of her slim, toned body. Then, stepping back, he gestured her to enter.

“Like what you see?’ Seemingly unfazed by her near nudity, Kristin turned slowly in place, letting him feast his eyes on every lovely curve.

“No complaints so far,” Jack replied, smiling.

“So now what?”

“Now, we accessorize.” Jack turned toward the back of the house. “Follow me.”

“Are you sure this is what you want?” Uncertainly, Kristin watched as Jack buckled the leather cuff around her left wrist. Her right wrist was already encircled by the black leather. Pulling the buckle snug, Jack smiled.

“You did say anything I want,” he reminded her.

“Well, yes,” she admitted.

“If you’ve changed your mind,” he told her, “we can stop right now. You can leave, and we’ll just forget this ever happened.” He grinned suddenly. “Of course,” he continued, “since that would mean you’re not willing to give me what I want, I’m afraid I’d have no reason to give you what you want in return.”

Kristin looked at him silently. “No,” she finally said, “I told you anything, and that’s what I meant. If this is what you want, then this is what you get.”

“Is my money that important to you?” Jack asked, stepping to the wall and thumbing a button. A motor whirred, and two cables slowly descended from the ceiling. At the end of each cable was a clip link.

“At least I’m honest about it,” Kristin replied, watching as Jack clipped a cable to rings on each of her wrist cuffs. “Most other women would pretend it was you they were after. At least, with me, you know exactly where you stand.”

“True enough.” Jack stepped back to the wall, thumbing a second button. Slowly, the cables rose, drawing Kristin’s hands over her head. When Jack released the button, she stood with her arms stretched nearly straight, each arm angled slightly away from the line of her body. Kristin tugged briefly at her bonds, then relaxed and glanced at him.

“So why do you want me like this? Is this what you’re into?”

Jack smiled. “Let’s just say it makes what comes next easier. And much more interesting. First, I need to thoroughly examine the merchandise.”

So saying, he stepped forward and began running his hands along Kristin’s body. Slowly, gently, he stroked every inch of her skin. Kristin was surprised at how good his touch felt. Slowly, she became aware that, while every other part of her body had received his attention, the most important parts had been left out. Her breasts remained untouched, as did the juncture of her thighs.

“That feels good,” she whispered, her voice a bit husky. “But aren’t you forgetting a couple of places?”

Jack smiled. “I haven’t forgotten,” he replied. “Just getting you in the mood.”

“For what?”

For reply, Jack stepped behind her and cupped her ass. From there, he drew one finger slowly up the length of her spine, sending a shiver throughout her bound body. When his finger reached her neck, he moved in front of her.

“Now for these beauties,” he said softly, his hands reaching up to cup both breasts. Kristin was surprised to note that her nipples were already hard. Seemingly ignoring those tender buds, Jack gently kneaded both breasts, Kristin opened her mouth, only to moan as he suddenly pinched both nipples softly.

“Oh, that feels wonderful,” she whispered, surprised at how aroused she had already become. Closing her eyes, she reveled in the sensation. When his hands left her breasts, she moaned her disappointment, only to gasp as she felt his finger slip between her thighs to stroke across her panties.

“Looks like someone’s enjoying this,” Jack remarked, feeling the growing dampness of the cloth covering her pussy. Stroking gently, he encouraged her arousal, feeling the lacy material becoming soaked with her juices.

“That should do it.” Do what, she wondered, feeling him peel her soaked panties down her legs. Almost eagerly, she raised her feet, hanging by her wrists as he slipped her panties from her legs. As her feet once more touched the floor, she felt something encircling her left ankle. Opening her eyes, she glanced down as Jack buckled the cuff into place. Her other ankle was quickly cuffed as well. Drawing her feet apart, Jack attached each cuff to a ring set into the floor, securing her with legs spread.

Rising, Jack slipped a hand between her thighs, one finger sliding easily within her. Kristin gasped, only to feel something pressed between her parted lips. Surprised, she offered no resistance as Jack carefully packed her wet panties into her mouth.

“Lips closed,” he said softly. Uncertain of what was coming, Kristin obediently pressed her lips together. With a nod, Jack gently applied a length of tape to her face, sealing her lips closed. Two more strips of tape ensured that her panties would remain where they were.

Her mouth filled with the taste of her own arousal, Kristin watched as Jack stripped off his own clothing. Her eyes were drawn to the juncture of his thighs, and she moaned at the sight of what stood so proudly there. Soon, she knew, she was going to feel that inside her, and, suddenly, she realized that she couldn’t wait.

Waiting, however, seemed to be the only thing she could do, as Jack moved to stand behind her. Reaching around her body, he cupped a breast in one hand, his other slipping between her thighs.

“You said you’d do anything to please me,” he whispered into her ear. “Did that mean faking your own pleasure, if need be?”

Moaning softly, Kristin nodded her head. Silently, she admitted to herself that she’d never expected his attention to her body to feel this good.

“I see. Unfortunately, I don’t appreciate dishonesty. If you have to fake it, then I don’t want it.” His finger between her thighs speared into her, causing her hips to buck slightly. “Are you faking it now?”

Moaning, Kristin shook her head, pushing her hips forward as much as her bonds would allow, pressing herself against his hand. Obligingly, he stroked the hard bud of her clit, causing her hips to buck again.

“Are you enjoying this?” Taking her soft moans as assent, Jack slipped his finger from within her, smiling as her hips thrust forward more urgently, striving to recapture his finger. Instead, he returned to softly stroking her body.

Time slowly ceased to have any meaning for Kristin, as Jack continued his seemingly random attentions, alternating between gently stroking her body and gentle, but more intimate probing of her breasts and pussy. At one point, she felt the pull on her wrists tighten, stretching her body to nearly its limit, removing any hope of movement. Even so, her body writhed and twisted to the very limits of what her bonds would allow, reaching with something more than desperation toward each touch.

Finally, after a seeming eternity of need, she felt something hard press between her thighs. Opening eyes she hadn’t even realized were closed, she stared through a fog of need at the man before her, urgent, pleading moans pouring from between sealed lips.

“I think you’re ready now,” he said softly, reaching down to gently cup her ass and draw her to him. Slowly, he entered her, the sensation wringing a moan that was almost a cry from her. Slowly at first, then with increasing speed, he thrust into her, her hips struggling to match each thrust he made.

Almost mad with need, Kristin fought her bonds; fought to wrap herself around him, draw him ever deeper within herself. As she struggled, something grew inside her… grew… and finally burst over her in a massive wave of pleasure that seemed to crash throughout her body.

Even as the wave receded, another grew, and then another. Kristin had no idea how many of these waves of orgasm blasted her bound body, holding her taut as her entire nervous system seemed to short-circuit with an overload of pleasure. Finally, the final wave receded, leaving her to hang limp in her bonds.

Gazing through barely open eyes as Jack stepped away from her, Kristin dimly realized that, somewhere in the midst of her orgasms, he had cum too. She watched limply as he peeled a filled rubber from himself, vaguely wondering when he had put that on.

Moving slowly, as if drained himself, Jack released Kristin’s ankles, then lowered the cables to let her slump to the floor. Removing the cuffs from her wrists, he slowly lifted her into his arms and carried her into another room, where he laid her on a soft bed. Finally, he slowly peeled the tape from her lips, then removed the panties, from which, she suddenly realized, she had sucked every bit of her own taste.

Released, but still unable to move, weakened to helplessness by the force of what had just happened, Kristin could only watch as Jack slowly left the room.

“I’ll do anything you want.” It was almost a replay of the words that had brought her here. Languidly, Kristin lay on the bed, gazing up at Jack as he stood over her. She had no idea how long he’d been gone as she lay blissfully alone on the bed. Now, as she gazed at him, he smiled softly.

“For my money?” Reaching down, he softly stroked one nipple, causing her entire body to shiver.

“Fuck your money,” she whispered. “I’ll do anything you want. I’ll be anything you want. Just make me cum like that again. Please.”

Jack silently stretched himself out on the bed, one arm going beneath Kristin’s head. Slowly, she rolled against him, her head coming to rest on his shoulder. As his arms tightened around her, she shivered once, then pressed herself against him.

“So,” she heard him whisper into her ear, “your offer remains the same, but your reasons have changed?”

“Keep your money,” she replied, reaching down between them and grasping him gently. “Just give me more of this, and I’ll be yours forever.”

Holding her, Jack smiled. How could he refuse an offer like that? Especially, he thought, considering how much her reasons had changed.

For a reason like this, he decided, holding her to him, he could keep her. She was, after all, here for the right reasons now. With that though, he smiled.
