---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Love
authors:
- Albarez9
tags:
- FM/f
- transform
- hucow
- bodymod
- lactate
- electro
- collar
- objectify
- milking
- reluct
- nc
- XX
date: 2025-02-15 00:00:00
---

### **Remembrance**

Jacinta Hidalgo woke up to the sound of birds chirping softly outside her bedroom window. She stretched out in her comfortable bed and opened her eyes, looking forward to starting the day and refreshed after her sleep. She sat up in bed and stared around the room. The sunlight was pouring into the room, and Jacinta could already feel the heat from the sun warming up her southern-facing room. She could hear the wooden struts above her bed moan and groan as the warmth caused them to expand. Jacinta retrieved the remote from her table and flicked on the TV. She briefly listened to the news as she brushed her teeth. The news reporter was talking about how the United States had fallen into a deep recession and how businesses were going under ubiquitously.

Jacinta was wearing nothing, only her white panties and tank top. It was too sweltering for anything else. She left her room and walked down the hallway of the ranch house she lived in, admiring the illimitable beauty of the ranch that she called home.

Jacinta was Hispanic, with dark brown skin and jet black hair that came to her shoulders. She had an athletic body with a toned midriff and small A-cup breasts. Jacinta was twenty years old, and had lived at the MacKlam ranch for as long as she could remember. She could recall very little of her life in Mexico before the MacKlam family adopted her. Her parents had been trying to cross over into the United States, but drowned whilst trying to cross a river. Supposedly, Ryan MacKlam had found Jacinta in the river and had jumped in to save her life. Ryan and his wife Lisa, who had no kids of their own, adopted Jacinta once it was obvious that her parents had died during the journey to the US.

Jacinta made her way to the kitchen and opened the fridge, and decided to start cooking breakfast for her parents. She knew that both of them would be awake soon, and Jacinta enjoyed preparing their morning meal. Jacinta grabbed the following ingredients from the press and fridge: oats, blueberries, milk, water, and maple syrup.

She wiped away some perspiration that had formed on her forehead as she placed all the ingredients into a saucepan. It was so damn warm; she thought to herself. She mixed all the ingredients and heated the saucepan over the electric stove. After a few minutes, the breakfast was ready, and as if on cue, both of her parents entered the kitchen and greeted her with a good morning.

“Hello, there chicken,” her father said happily as he walked over to her and gave her a big hug, before taking his seat at the table. Lisa also hugged Jacinta before joining her husband at the table.

“Did you sleep well last night?” asked Lisa as Jacinta served up their breakfast.

“It was so warm! It took me ages to fall asleep, but once I did, I slept like a baby,” replied Jacinta.

“What are you planning to do today?” asked her father. It was a Saturday morning, and Jacinta did not have college today.

“I might borrow the car and head into town to meet up with some friends if that’s alright with you guys?” asked Jacinta as she ate her breakfast. She savored the explosive taste of the blueberries in her mouth.

“That’s fine, but listen … there’s something we need to talk about,” started her father. “Because of the extreme heat and the lack of rainfall this year, coupled with the loss of over half of our herd of cattle, we can’t afford to pay the bills for the farm,” Ryan stated sadly.

“I don’t understand,” said Jacinta, no longer eating her breakfast. She was aghast at what she was hearing. How could the family farm be going under? She knew they were undergoing a hard time, but she did not know just how dire the situation was.

“Chicken, we are going to have to sell the farm and move into the city. Me and your mother will find work there. We just thought you had the right to know,” replied her father.

“You can’t sell the farm! It’s been in your family for generations. And besides, what will you do in the city? You don’t have any qualifications that are not directly related to farming. The same goes for mum,” said Jacinta trying to reason with them.

“Oh, honey,” said Lisa, “I know this is hard for you, but it’s for the best.” We just can’t compete with the bigger and more modern farms in Texas.”

They continued their breakfast for several more minutes in silence before her parents left the table for a day of work on the farm. Jacinta barely held back the tears in her eyes as she ran to her room and locked the door. She sobbed wholeheartedly, as she knew she was going to lose the only place in the world where she felt comfortable and safe.

After a long period of crying, Jacinta gathered all her strength and resilience.

“No, we are not losing this farm,” Jacinta said aloud to no one in particular. She opened her laptop and navigated to Google. She desperately searched the Internet for new farming methods, investment opportunities, and even considered placing a couple of hundred dollars on the lottery. Jacinta had just given up when she saw an advertisement in her browser for a local company called ‘Transformation Corp’. Curiosity piqued, she opened the link and found herself greeted by a very modern-looking website.

“What the fuck?” Jacinta muttered to herself as she browsed the website. This company was using some sort of genetic technology to perform boob jobs, bum jobs and, most incredibly, to turn people into human-hybrids of their choice. She saw pictures of mermaids, centaurs and harpies, and suddenly she had a moment of clarity.

What if Jacinta could turn herself into a half-woman, half-cow hybrid? She could still live on the farm, and she could contribute to the running of it. She might be able to save the family farm!

Jacinta searched for a phone number and dialed it into her mobile and rang. There were a few seconds of silence as she waited for the phone to connect.

“Hello, this is Jim from Transformation Corp. How can I help you?” said a friendly voice on the other end of the phone.

“Hello, my name is Jacinta. Jacinta Hidalgo. I’m inquiring about your services? Is it true that you can turn people into animal hybrids?” asked Jacinta. Her heart was beating extremely fast in her chest. What was she doing? Was she actually considering turning herself into a cow?

“It most certainly is true, ma’am,” replied Jim. “We can offer a range of hybrid transformations that are available, such as the ‘Mythical Mermaid’ and the ‘Carefree Centaur’.”

“What about a cowtaur,” asked Jacinta. “Could you turn me into a half-woman, half-cow?”

“Cowtaurs are not currently in our catalogue of treatment options,” said Jim. Jacinta felt her stomach sink, but she also had a great sense of relief that she wouldn’t have to go through with her plan. “However, we can do custom procedures,” continued Jim. “A cowtaur should be no problem, although I should warn you that this procedure will cost several thousand dollars and it is permanent.”

“That’s not a problem,” said Jacinta. Her parents had put away thousands for her college education, but it seemed like she would no longer be attending college, instead she was signing up to be confined to the farm.

“Fantastic. Would you like to discuss the operation? We can discuss customization options now,” said Jim.

“No, that’s okay. The only requirements are that I need to produce as much milk as possible,” replied Jacinta.

“Not a problem,” replied Jim on the other end of the phone. “When can we arrange an appointment for the procedure? I’m all booked up this weekend, unfortunately.”

“Next Saturday should be fine,” said Jacinta.

“See you then!” replied Jim, and the phone call ended. She couldn’t believe that she had just committed to turning herself into an animal for the rest of her life, but she knew if the situation was reversed, her parents would do anything for her. They already had. The MacKlams had taken in a poor Mexican, orphan girl, and they had raised her as if she were their own. No, she had to do this no matter what.

Jacinta put away her laptop and decided that she would borrow her parent’s car and head into town. In a little over a week, she would never be able to drive again, so she figured she might as well visit her friends while she still could. Pausing, she gazed at her reflection in the mirror. She knew she was a beautiful woman with long black hair and deep brown eyes. She tried to imagine what she would look like as a cow, and suddenly she felt her stomach churn and she ran to the bathroom and pulled up the toilet lid and vomited into the toilet bowl.

“What am I doing!” she screeched. “Calm down,” Jacinta said aloud. She knew there was no other choice for her. It was either become a cow woman or forfeit the farm, the place she had grown up and come to love. Jacinta knew that this time next week, her life would change forever, and her body would be alien to her. The worst thing was, the only person who was forcing her to go through with this was herself. Jacinta knew she could never live with herself if the farm was to go under. The ranch meant everything to Ryan and Lisa. It was their life’s work. She couldn’t imagine that her parents would adapt well to life in the city.

Jacinta cleaned herself up and brushed her hair in the mirror so that she looked acceptable. She told herself that she had another week at least, so she should put any thoughts of her impending transformation out of her head. She should try to enjoy her last week as a female human.

Jacinta left the house, locking the front door behind her, and made her way to the truck that her parents used for travel into the city and to collect farming supplies. The truck was old, but it was reliable, and Jacinta enjoyed driving it. As she pulled off, she took in the sights of the ranch. The ranch itself seemed endless. It was a large area of land that was worked by her parents. Jacinta wondered if she was truly okay with signing herself up to work on this land for the rest of her life. She would probably never marry and have children of her own if she went through with the surgery. Who would want to marry a cowtaur?

All these thoughts were racing around Jacinta’s head as she finally exited the boundary of the farm and entered the freeway. She tried to silence these thoughts, and she turned on the radio and listened to some pop music as she continued her last drive into town.

After a few songs had played, Jacinta had calmed down and felt better about her decision. She knew how grateful her parents would be once they understood what she had done for them. She imagined they would be furious with her at first once they laid eyes on their precious daughter’s new form.

As Jacinta sped down the freeway, the Texan sun was high in the sky, and the world seemed at peace. Jacinta ignored all her worries and concentrated solely on her parents and the farm. She knew she would do whatever it takes to secure the future of her family’s ranch, and that was all that mattered to the young Hispanic woman. The future seemed bright for her, and she couldn’t wait to see what was in store for. She turned up the volume of the radio and sang along, oblivious to the procedure that she had volunteered herself for.

### **The Clinic**

#### **One Week Later …**

Jacinta sat in a clinic waiting room in downtown Dallas. She had arrived early for the procedure. She had gotten a lift into Dallas from one farmhand, as she knew she couldn’t drive herself home. During the week, she continued her negotiations with Jim, and one of her requirements was that the clinic provide transportation for her to get home once she transformed into a cow woman. The clinic had agreed to her request.

She wore a pair of skinny, tight blue jeans and a white t-shirt. Jacinta wanted to look pretty today, as she knew she would never wear a pair of jeans again. She was reading the disclaimer form that the receptionist had provided her. The majority of it was standard stuff from what she understood of these forms, but there was a clause stating that the clinic was not responsible for any accident, injuries, or death that may occur. There was also a clause that stipulated that the process was irreversible. Editing a person’s genetic code was limited to one occasion. Another attempt to edit it would cause irreversible and severe damage, resulting in death.

Jacinta signed the form and returned it to the receptionist. She then produced her debit card and paid the full balance for the procedure. She had just spent all her college money on this. There was no backing out now, she thought nervously.

“Jacinta Hidalgo,” called a familiar voice. “Are you ready to accompany me for your procedure?”

Jacinta smiled apprehensively at the young man in front of her. He wore a casual outfit comprising black trousers and a pale blue shirt. Jacinta found him quite cute.

“My name is Jim. We talked on the phone,” he said as he led her down a long corridor.

“Yes, of course, Jim,” replied Jacinta. “It’s nice to finally meet you in person.”

“Likewise, Miss Hidalgo,” replied Jim as he led her into a large room. The room was sparse, except for a desk and some chairs. The floors also had padding and felt soft to walk on. Jim sat at the desk and instructed Jacinta to sit opposite him.

“Before we begin,” started Jim. “I need to ask. Have you signed the consent form?” Jacinta nodded her head that she had. It was getting uncomfortably close now to her procedure. Jacinta nodded her head that she had.

“This form is called an ‘Proprietor Form’. Since you are being turned into a hybrid, and will no longer be human, you will need to assign yourself a legal owner. Without this form, anyone you encounter would be well within their rights to detain you, and declare themselves your legal owner. Obviously, we wouldn't want that to happen to you,” said Jim with a smile.

“Of course,” said Jacinta, and proceeded to sign the form. “I put my legal parents, Ryan and Lisa MacKlam.”

“Alrighty then,” said Jim, taking the form from her and filing it in his desk. “Let’s start. The entire procedure will take a few hours. You are free to leave this room during that time. However, we would strongly recommend staying on the premises at all times so that we can get you medical attention if you need it.”

“Okay,” replied Jacinta. “Got it.”

“We recommend you remove your clothes during the procedure, as your body will undergo major changes, and your clothing will only get destroyed,” said Jim.

“Sure,” replied Jacinta. She stood up and pulled her shirt over head and unzipped and removed her blue jeans. She then removed her bra and panties, revealing her small, pert breasts and her black, but trimmed, pubic bush.

Jim removed a syringe from his desk and prepped it. He then took hold of Jacinta’s arm and injected the needle into her arm and injected the contents into her system.

“Was that an anesthetic or something?” asked Jacinta.

“Nope, that was the serum that will turn you into a cow. The serum contains a custom genetic code we edited based on your specifications. The procedure has started now,” said Jim. Jacinta felt shocked by the simplicity of the procedure and also started feeling fearful now that it had begun. It was inevitable now, she was to be transformed into a cow woman, and there was nothing she could do to stop it. Jacinta sat back down on the seat and covered her vagina by crossing her legs. Similarly, she folded her arms around her small breasts, trying to maintain some modesty. Jim clearly noticed her discomfort.

“I can leave if you would prefer some privacy?” said Jim. “I’m just here to ensure that the procedure runs smoothly. Once the changes start, I will leave you to it.”

“No, you’re fine,” replied Jacinta. “Nice to have someone to talk to. How did you end up working here?” asked Jacinta. She was wondering how anyone ended up in a job where they turned people into animals.

“I graduated from MIT with a degree in biotechnology. The company approached me shortly after college to assist in the development of their genetic serums. I handle consultations and procedures,” said Jim.

“What about you, Jacinta? How does a beautiful young woman like yourself agree to become a cow creature?” asked Jim.

“It’s a long story,” replied Jacinta.

“Please, tell me, I’m curious, and we have plenty of time,” said Jim, gesturing to the clock hanging on the wall. Barely five minutes had passed since her injection.

Jacinta relayed the details by which she had arrived in the United States, and her parent’s death. She informed Jim about her experience of being taken in by a Texan ranching family and how they had treated her like their own. They were the reason she was doing this, to save their farm.

“Wow,” said Jim. “That is quite the story, and now I understand why you are doing this. I hope it works out for the best, and that you can save your farm!”

“Thank you, Jim, that is nice to say. I …” Jacinta felt an ache in her chest and unfolded her arms. She looked down and saw that her breasts were noticeably bigger than they had been before she had started the procedure. Jim noticed her confusion and chimed in.

“Your breasts are bigger, if that's what you are wondering?” asked Jim, as he briefly glanced at her uncovered chest and glanced away to allow her some dignity.

“Are my boobs getting bigger? Why are they getting bigger?” asked Jacinta with some confusion. She hadn’t remembered agreeing to this part of the procedure at all.

“You specified in your application form for the procedure that you wanted to produce as much milk as possible, and you weren’t particularly interested in how we were going to achieve this,” said Jim. “Is this a problem?”

“No, of course not,” replied Jacinta. “I just wasn’t expecting my boobs to grow, but what you are saying makes sense to me. How big are they going to get?” Jim consulted a clipboard that he retrieved from his desk and raised his eyebrows.

“Let’s just say my official recommendation is that you will need a very large bra and a very good bra when the procedure is over to support the newfound weight and heft of your breasts,” said Jim. Jacinta blushed with embarrassment. She wasn’t sure which would cause her parents the most consternation, her new form as a cow-lady or her large breasts.

“Well, if you’ll excuse me,” said Jim. “I have another patient to attend to, and it looks like the process has started and there are no issues for you. If you need any help at all, just let the receptionist in the hall know and we will come and assist.”

“Thank you, Jim,” said Jacinta as she stood up and shook his outstretched hand. Once Jim had exited the room, Jacinta could stop covering herself, and she wandered around the room. She was pacing back and forth, waiting for the next step in her transformation.

“Hello there,” said a voice from the doorway. Jacinta turned, and the site that greeted her extremely surprised her. There was a woman with red-hair that came to her shoulders, sitting in a wheelchair at the door. Jacinta saw that the woman was no longer a woman. Instead of legs, she had a long red fish tail that ended in a fin where her feet should have been. Her breasts were also enormous mounds of flesh that sat atop her chest, overflowing onto her toned and flat stomach.

“My name is Alice,” started the mermaid. “What’s yours?”

“Jacinta, and it is nice to meet you,” replied Jacinta as she stood bare-foot and naked in front of a mythological creature.

“Likewise,” said Alice. “May I ask, what are you changing into?” asked Alice.

“A cow-woman,” said Jacinta. “My parent’s farm is in debt, and this is the only way that I can save it,” Jacinta said, suddenly trying to justify why she had put herself in such an extreme situation.

“Good for you!” said Alice. “I think that’s wonderful and sweet of you. I’m sure you’ll look stunning once your procedure is complete. You should come and visit me when you are a cow-woman. I’m going to make it big-time as an actress, you see! There is a casting-call for a mermaid in a new Hollywood production, and what’s better than acting as a mermaid? Well, being a mermaid, of course! I’m going to get this job for sure,” Alice said confidently.

“Good luck with the audition,” said Jacinta with a smile. Jacinta didn’t think it was the best idea to turn oneself into a mermaid for one part, especially since it didn’t seem like the role was guaranteed, but who was Jacinta to judge someone for their commitment to a passion.

Jacinta paced around the room again but she noticed something was different. Her breasts were bigger now, about the size of peaches on her chest, and they now had a noticeable jiggle when she walked.

“Hello there, girls,” said Jacinta as she cupped both of her boobs. “Nice to meet you.”

Jacinta then felt an ache in her rear and discovered that her ass was now enlarged hugely. Its new size almost threw her off balance, and she had to adjust her gait to account for it.

“I could get used to a body like this,” Jacinta joked. If only she could stop the procedure here and now, and leave the building with her new tits and booty, she was sure she would have a boyfriend within minutes. Jacinta spent the next half hour wandering around the room, just wishing her transformation was complete so that she could go home to her parents.

An ache coming from between her legs interrupted Jacinta’s thoughts. She heard cracking noises as bones shifted within her anatomy, causing her extreme pain, which brought her to her knees. She watched with disbelief as her vagina was brought back behind her and onto her ass. Jacinta whimpered in pain as she saw her skin where her pussy had been turning pink and floppy. After a few minutes, the skin had developed into an udder.

Jacinta stood up, feeling weird as there was now an udder hanging between her legs. Her boobs were also growing at an alarming rate - they looked to be bigger than DDs at this stage.

However, the changes seem to progress exponentially now. Jacinta felt extreme pressure in her ass as it continued to grow and grow. As her rear grew, two appendages broke through her ass and she could walk on four legs. She looked down to see she now had four legs, and the rough shape of the lower body of a cow.

Jacinta staggered out of the room looking for the reception desk, as was in severe pain and her body was convulsing. She needed to see a doctor right now.

“Someone help me!” she screamed as she staggered down the corridor on four legs. She heard more cracking and felt cramps in her feet. Jacinta looked down to see her feet were folding in on themselves and becoming black and hard-like. Hooves, she supposed, as she found it increasingly hard to stand. Jacinta made it to the end of the hallway, and she noticed that hair was growing over the surface of her lower body. She staggered down the corridor towards the reception desk as she experienced significant levels of pain throughout her body.

She grabbed her boobs as they continued to grow; they were surging in size. They were now the size of basketballs on her chest. The hair that was appearing on her lower body was brown, inter-spaced, with patches of white. Suddenly, she felt all the changes in her body cease.

“Thank Christ,” Jacinta said as she clopped down the corridor. She entered one of the waiting rooms to examine her new form. From below her bellybutton she had the body of a light brown and white dairy cow, complete with a pink udder that was swinging between her hind legs. Her feet were also gone, replaced with black hooves, now four in total. Her breasts were absolutely enormous and jiggled with the slightest of movements. Jacinta guessed they were around S cups now.

Jim entered the room and slapped her rear end, garnering her attention. Jacinta looked away from the mirror and turned her attention towards Jim, and smiled.

“How do I look?” joked Jacinta as she stood to attention in her new form.

“Amazing,” said Jim as his eyes wandered over her new body. “Okay, Jacinta, are you ready to go home?”

Jacinta nodded her head. It was time she returned to the farm that she called home as a changed woman.

### **The Return**

Jim had arranged for Jacinta to be placed in the back of a cattle trailer. Jacinta had bid him farewell and thanked him for his help and walked backwards into the trailer so that she was facing the door of the trailer. She heard the vehicle that was towing the trailer start its engines, and she held onto the sides of the walls to steady herself as the vehicle pulled off.

Jacinta’s heart was racing in her enlarged chest as she wondered how her parents would take her transformation into a cow-woman. She hoped they would understand that she had done it for the greater good for the family.

Jacinta held her boobs with one arm to stop them wobbling because of the movement of the trailer as it was moving over the rough roads of the farm. She could tell that they were pulling up outside the ranch.

She heard the engine being silenced and heard the truck door open and close. Jacinta heard the sound of footsteps as the driver approached the back of the trailer, and she watched as he undid the bolt and opened the door. Jacinta gingerly exited the trailer via the ramp and thanked the driver for getting her home. She turned to watch as the truck pulled off and made its way down the dirt road. Jacinta wondered if she would ever leave the farm again. She supposed once the ranch was back in a good financial position that her parents would arrange for her to go on holidays into the city.

“What on Earth is that?!” asked the familiar voice of her mother. Jacinta turned around to face her parents, with both her arms covering her massive brown breasts.

“What the fuck!” said Ryan as he approached his daughter. “What … What … happened to you, Jacinta? You’re a cow,” asked her father with concern and bewilderment at seeing his daughter in this situation.

“Honey, who did this to you?” asked her mother as she sobbed. Ryan nearly collapsed in a heap on the ground, but Lisa caught him and they both staggered on their feet.

With tears in her eyes, Jacinta replied, “I did this.” “I wanted to help save the farm. I thought this was the only way to do it,” Jacinta said as her eyes welled up with tears in response to seeing her parents’ reaction to seeing their daughter as a cow-taur.

“No honey, you didn’t need to do that,” cried her mother as she approached Jacinta and embraced her in a broad hug at her waist. “Ryan, fetch her some clothes,” ordered Lisa. Ryan immediately left and entered the ranch to search for some clothing for his daughter.

“Jacinta, how can we undo this?” asked her mother in between her sobbing.

“We can’t, mother, it’s permanent,” replied Jacinta. “The clinic where I had the procedure done told me so. This is me now, Lisa,” said Jacinta, trying to steady her voice.

Ryan returned with a red bra and a blue t-shirt. Jacinta knew the bra would no longer fit her massive melons, but she took the shirt from her father and awkwardly tried to pull it over her head and put it on. Her mother helped pull the shirt down over her chest, whilst her father looked away. The shirt barely covered her breasts and left her midriff exposed.

“Oh child, what have you done?” said Lisa as she took in her daughter’s new form. “We would have managed somehow. You didn’t need to do this to your body.”

“I had to, mum,” replied Jacinta. “You and dad took me in when no one else would, and for that I’m forever in your debt, there is nothing I wouldn’t do to help you both, and the farm is my home,” cried Jacinta, losing her composure as she broke down sobbing. Her parents approached her, and the three of them entered an embrace.

Lisa and Ryan gently helped their daughter into the house. Jacinta’s hooves skidded on the wooden floors, and Ryan had to rush to prevent her from falling. The three of them entered the spacious kitchen, where Jacinta’s parents sat down at the table whilst Jacinta knelt beside the table.

“I still can’t believe what you’ve done to yourself,” started Ryan. His hands were shaking, and Lisa reached across to steady her husband’s hands. He was still clearly very upset by the whole situation.

“I’m sorry,” said Jacinta for the umpteenth time. “What do we do now? Are you going to kick me off the farm?” asked Jacinta, with panic in her voice. She did not know where she would go.

“Of course not!” replied her mother. Lisa reached out and squeezed her daughter’s right hand. “We would never ask you to leave the ranch. You’re our daughter, no matter how you look.”

“Agreed,” said Ryan. “I wish you hadn’t turned yourself into a cow, but I suppose we could use the help around the farm,” said Ryan as he clearly was trying to see the positive light in their current situation.

“Ryan!” started Lisa. “We can’t ask Jacinta to do that.”

“It’s okay, mum,” interjected Jacinta, agreeing with her father. “If I can’t help around the farm, and if we lose the ranch, then my transformation will have been for nothing,” said Jacinta.

“I suppose you’re right,” said Lisa sadly. She averted her eyes from looking at the sight of her daughter’s new form out of sadness.

“Does … does your body,” started her father. “This is awkward to ask, but does your body produce milk?”

“I discussed this with the clinic. They say I can produce 80 liters of milk per day,” said Jacinta. “That is from my … udders,” said Jacinta. It felt strange to say that she had udders, but she supposed she now had them. “An additional 20 liters can also be obtained by milking my breasts,” Jacinta said. “That brings the total number of liters I can produce per day to 100 liters.”

“Jesus Christ,” said her father. “You might just produce enough milk for us to get by for the season. With the sale of your milk, we can buy more cows, and generate more milk again! We might still keep the farm,” her father said excitedly to his wife. Lisa smiled in return, clearly happy to see her husband’s joyous despite the events of the day.

“Okay, Jacinta,” started her mother. “You can work on the farm, but you will still live in the house and you will still attend your college courses online. I’m okay with this as long as we don’t treat you like a cow, you’re still our daughter,” said Lisa. “I’m proud of you.”

“Thank you, mum,” replied Jacinta. “Dad, are you okay with this?”

“I have little choice, now do I?” continued Ryan. “However, you may have just saved our ranch, baby girl, and for that I am forever grateful,” said her father.

“So …” said Jacinta. “This is awkward, but I think I need to be milked.” Jacinta was feeling a pressure in her breasts and her pink udders that were hanging between her legs.

“Come with me,” said Lisa as she stood up. Jacinta followed Lisa outside of the house and into the barn. Lisa went behind Jacinta’s back with a steel bucket and massaged her udders. Jacinta felt an enormous wave of pleasure roll over her as she heard milk flowing into the bucket.

“Jesus,” said her mother after a few minutes. “The bucket is almost full and you are still going!” Lisa changed buckets and kept milking her daughter. Lisa milked Jacinta and collected countless buckets of milk within twenty minutes.

Jacinta then stripped off her t-shirt, and her mother massaged her enlarged and brown nipples, collecting the milk in a bucket below. Jacinta was bright red with embarrassment, but she knew this is what she had signed up for when she had agreed to be turned into a cow-taur.

“Jacinta, you can go back to the ranch. I’ll take care of the pails of milk,” said her mother. Jacinta nodded her head and went to leave the barn. “Oh, and Jacinta, come back in the evening. Judging from the amount of milk you produced, you’ll need to be milked at least twice a day.”

She left the barn and made her way back to the ranch, putting her shirt back on as she did so. On her way back, she ran into Stephen, a ranch hand who worked on the farm. Jacinta had a crush on him for years, and she tried to trot away from him. She hadn’t thought he’d be working on the farm today. She screamed as she felt a zap from a cattle prod and stopped in her tracks.

“What the fuck is this?” asked Stephen as he made his way to stand in front of her. He was looking at her as if she was an alien from another planet, which she supposed she may as well be. Stephen had the cattle prod in his right hand, ready to zap her again if she moved.

“Hello Stephen,” said Jacinta, burning with embarrassment. She gave him an awkward smile and waved at him. Stephen was wearing a gray shirt and blue jeans. The shirt hugged his toned body, showing off his muscles.

“Jacinta? What? How? You’re … you’re …” stuttered Stephen.

“A cow?” answered Jacinta. “Yeah, I know. I turned myself into one in order to save my parents’ farm,” said Jacinta, unsure of what else she should say in this situation.

“Jesus, I didn’t know that was even possible. And I zapped you. I thought a cow had escaped from one of the fields,” Stephen said apologetically.

“Don’t worry about it,” replied Jacinta. “It was a simple mistake to make, I guess. I am part cow now,” she said and laughed nervously. This was not how she imagined meeting Stephen. She thought she would have more time to prepare. She had had a crush on him since she was a teenager, and she knew he felt the same. Jacinta suddenly felt sad. Any future they may have had together had suddenly vanished. There was no way that a ranch hand could ever love one of his cattle in a romantic way. A question from Stephen interrupted her thoughts.

“How many liters of milk can you produce a day?” asked Stephen curiously. He was clearly thinking of her in terms of business now, comparing her to other dairy cows.

“Goodbye Stephen,” Jacinta said as she trotted back to the ranch, clearly establishing their prior relationship: Jacinta was the daughter of the ranchers and heir to the entire farm, and Stephen was just a jumped up farm hand.

Jacinta reached the ranch and entered the house, carefully closing the door behind her. She then walked through the house towards her room. She noticed that her hoofs had dragged mud in from the garden, and the floor was dirty because of it. Jacinta figured Liz wouldn’t be too happy with this, but she figured they would install a mat or something so that she could clean her hooves when she entered the family home.

Jacinta opened her bedroom door and made her way to her bed. She was tired after the events of the day. She tried to get onto her bed, but heard the bed frame break because of her increased weight.

“Well, fuck,” she muttered as she backed away from her ruined bed. She found a space in her room and slowly she knelt her body down and onto its side where she could sleep. Jacinta knew that she would have to get up in another few hours for a milking, but she figured she may as well get some shut-eye till then.

She still couldn’t believe that she was a cow now, but she knew it was for the greater good. Her parents would be appreciative and look after her, and that was all that mattered to her in the end.

### **A Change of Scenery**

#### **Six Months Later…**

The sound of an alarm clock, installed by her parents, woke Jacinta in her room. She groggily got to her feet and walked over and turned off the alarm. She made her way into the bathroom and brushed her teeth and then fished an enormous red bra from a hook on the wall. Jacinta looked haggard and tired, and she felt it too.

“Jacinta, hurry,” shouted her mother from outside her door, causing her to roll her eyes. Jacinta’s plan had worked too well, it seemed. She was producing more than enough milk to keep the farm afloat, and her father had bought more and more cows. The ranch had never done so well financially. However, Jacinta felt her parents were treating her, no pun intended, as a cash cow. They tolerated her presence in the house, but they were always eager to have her out in the barn being milked. She also found that they had started speaking down to her and were becoming increasingly condescending.

“Jacinta, outside, now,” ordered Lisa as she barged into her room. Jacinta angrily stormed out of the bathroom to confront her mother, her bra in her right hand, her left arm covering her tits.

“Mum, you can’t just barge into my room like this, I haven’t even gotten dressed!” decried Jacinta. She waved her torn, and old red bra around, highlighting her point.

“Jacinta, I told you before. Call me Lisa. You are too old to be calling me mum. And give me the bra for a second,” instructed Lisa. Jacinta gave her the bra, thinking that she was going to help her put it on, but Lisa pulled on a loose thread and ripped the fabric in half, destroying Jacinta’s only bra.

“Lisa!” complained Jacinta. “That was my only bra. Now what will I wear?” she said, covering her boobs with her arms.

“That bra was in an absolute state,” replied Lisa. “Besides, you don’t need to wear any clothing. You’re a cow, remember? It’s a nuisance to me and Ryan for milking time, taking it off and on again. No, this is much better, trust me. Oh, and uncover your boobs. We’ve all seen them.”

Jacinta huffed indignantly, but followed her mother out of the room and down the hall. The floor boards had become worn and broken over the past few months. They were not designed to accommodate a cow living in the house.

“I’ve got a surprise for you,” her mother said excitedly as she reached into her trouser pocket. “Bend down?” instructed Lisa. Jacinta reluctantly bent down and her mother quickly fastened a red collar around her neck and locked it shut.

“No!” shouted Jacinta as she brought her hands up to remove the collar that had been placed around her neck, but she was rewarded with a sharp shock.

“Jacinta, don’t take the collar off. You will only get yourself shocked. Besides, the collar has a GPS in it so it has to stay on permanently, so we always know where you are on the farm so you don’t get stolen!” said Lisa to a disbelieving Jacinta. She clopped her hooves in frustration. “Stop in Jacinta and follow me. I’ve something important to show you.”

Begrudgingly, Jacinta followed Lisa from the house and they walked over to the barn area of the farm. Lisa opened up a gate in one barn and beckoned her inside. Jacinta gingerly entered the barn, unaware of the news that she was about to receive.

The sight before her eyes surprised Jacinta. The barn had been fashioned into a make-shift bedroom: there was a small LED TV mounted on the right wall, a computer and underneath it, and a heater in the center of the room.

“I’m confused,” said Jacinta. Why had her parents gone to all the effort of getting electricity wired into a barn to power a TV, computer, and heater? She looked at Lisa quizzically.

“Jacinta, you have reached an age where you can understand this. Me and Ryan can’t keep a fully grown cow in our house anymore,” said Lisa.

“I’m not a cow!” exclaimed Jacinta. “I’m still a woman.”

“No, honey, you’re not,” replied Lisa. “Me and your father are forever in your debt for what you have done for the farm, and we also have to do what’s best for the farm. You don’t belong in a house, Jacinta,” said her mother truthfully. “You are just destroying our flooring, and besides, winter is coming up and we can’t have you wandering around the farm by yourself, now can we? What would the other cows think?” joked Lisa.

“You mean, I’m to live out in a barn from now on?” asked Jacinta with anger building in her chest. After everything she had done for this family, this was how she was being treated. “And you want to lock me in here for the winter, too?” exclaimed Jacinta.

“You have a TV and heater, Jacinta. Stop being so dramatic,” replied Lisa. “Something else you should know,” she said matter-of-factly. “We took the initiative and talked with the Dean of your university, and we both mutually agreed that there is no point in having a dairy cow with a degree!” said Lisa.

“No, you can’t do that to me as well!” cried out Jacinta. Now she was being deprived of the opportunity to get an education. Since she had been turned into a cow-taur, Jacinta had been clinging to the last vestige of normality.

“Jacinta! Don’t raise your voice with me!” ordered Lisa. “I won’t be spoken to in that manner,” said Lisa, clearly angry.

“Fuck you, Lisa,” shouted Jacinta. She couldn’t believe that she was effectively being demoted from being the daughter of the ranching family to being a member of the cattle herd by her very own parents. Suddenly Jacinta cried out in pain as she felt the familiar shocking sensation around her neck. She desperately tried to remove the collar, but she could find nowhere to unhook it. The pain suddenly subsided.

“Are you done?” Lisa said with a remote control in her right hand, that Jacinta figured was used to control the shock setting on her new collar. Jacinta was in too much pain to put up much of a fight.

“You shocked me?” replied Jacinta.

“Yes,” said Lisa. “I did, and I will again if you give me any more gumption, do you understand?” Jacinta nodded her head. “In the stall next to you is an auto-milker. Back up your udders into the machine, and attach pumps to your breasts, and let the machine do your work. Me and your father won’t have time to visit you anymore, as we are too preoccupied with other areas of the farm.” Lisa went to exit the barn, but stopped and paused momentarily.

“This might not be the best time, but I have exciting news,” started Lisa. “After months of IVF treatment, I’m finally pregnant with Ryan’s child. We needed to conceive a child to take over the running of the farm when we retire and to continue our family’s legacy, I’m sure you understand?” said Lisa, not turning to face her daughter.

“But, Lisa, I thought you wanted me to inherit your farm?” said Jacinta, with tears welling up in her eyes. She couldn’t believe what she was hearing her mother say. Since she was a little girl, she had been told that one day she would be in charge of the ranch, and she had always thought of herself as her parents’ heir.

“Jacinta,” replied her mother. “Oh honey, you just haven’t thought through the logistics. How can you give orders to ranch hands when they will be milking you? You couldn’t negotiate with builders or contractors with your massive tits out. Have you thought about how you would even further our family line? You can’t even have human children anymore, you know that right? We contacted the clinic, and they told us you will produce dairy calves only. How can a cow run a farm? No one would take you seriously,” said Lisa coldly.

“Lisa … I was your daughter. How could you do this to me?” said Jacinta, as she sobbed. She had been stripped of her inheritance and position in the world. This was a devastating blow to Jacinta.

“Jacinta, let’s be honest, you were never our actual daughter,” said Lisa, with no emotion in her voice. It was becoming evidently more and more clear to Jacinta that her mother was viewing her more and more than a common cow, and less like the woman that she had been. Her parents never would have said these things to her if she had still been a woman.

Lisa left the barn silently and locked the gate behind her with a common latch. Jacinta couldn’t reach and open it from the inside, and she looked despairingly at her new home. What was worse was that her body signaled to her she needed to be milked. She maneuvered her rear into the milking apparatus and picked up the breast pumps, and applied them both to her nipples. The machine whirled to life, and she felt pleasure as it extracted milk from her body. Jacinta cried as she stood there in the stall. She had lost everything today, her future and her past. Now she was nothing more than a common dairy cow, and her parents were treating her that way.

Once Jacinta completed the milking, she made her way over to a corner of the barn. Someone had left a stack of hay in the barn’s corner for her bedding. She also noticed that there was an automatic food dispenser in operation that would provide her with water and porridge gruel at specific times of the day. Jacinta laid her cow body down and rested on the hay. She had no more tears left to spill.

Jacinta’s screams echoed in a pure rage at what they had done to her. How could her parents be so cruel to her? She had made an enormous sacrifice to save their ranch, and this was to be her reward? To spend the rest of her life in a barn getting milked, waiting for their unborn child to grow up and one day take control of what should have rightfully been hers. Jacinta wished she had just let her family’s farm go under and let it be sold. That way, she would still be a woman and would have her liberty and her freedom, instead of being reduced to a common cow.

Jacinta cried herself to sleep. She had nothing to do except wait for her food to be dispensed, and then her next milking. She was nothing more than a common dairy cow in her parents’ eyes, and that fact devastated Jacinta to her very core.

### **Freedom?**

#### **Summer …**

The sun had just arisen, and Jacinta had just finished with her morning milking and was about to lie down on her hay bed when she heard voices approaching. She hadn’t seen her parents in months. Only the occasional ranch hand had bothered to stop by and check up on her. She walked over to the gate of the barn and watched as Ryan Lisa opened the gate.

“Rise and shine, cow,” said Lisa as walked over behind Jacinta and gave her rear end a slap, causing her to cry out. Jacinta hadn’t spoken in months, and her voice was croaky when she finally spoke.

“What are you both doing here?” Jacinta asked suspiciously as she backed away from them.

“It’s summer, silly,” said Ryan, talking down to his former daughter. It was evident that the couple no longer viewed Jacinta as a woman, but as a member of their growing herd. “We move you out into the fields for the summer.” Jacinta nodded her head. Despite her anger, she finally wanted to get out of the barn - anything was better than being cooped up in here.

Jacinta followed Ryan and Lisa out of the barn and out onto a dirt path. She knew she couldn’t escape, her new body was far too slow for that. And besides, a single shock from her collar would be enough to stop her in her tracks. She also supposed that the ranch hands would find her before she even made it off the farm, too.

Eventually, they reached a field that was familiar to Jacinta. She had helped Ryan stake the fencing around the perimeter of the field. From what she recalled, the field was quite large, and there was a tiny forest in the center of the field as well. Lisa instructed Jacinta to enter the field, and she held the gate open. Jacinta stood there and glared at her former family with hatred in her eyes. If her parents noticed her glances, they pretended not to notice.

Ryan looked like she remembered him. However, Lisa was heavily pregnant with their child, and she was showing it. Her belly was round and heavy. Jacinta waited for their next command. Lisa took out her phone and called someone. Jacinta couldn’t hear the contents of their conversation.

“There is a food dispenser at the other end of the field,” started Ryan abruptly. “A water trough will be filled for you daily, and there is shelter from the elements in the small wood. You will be taken for milking twice daily, but otherwise you will spend all your time in this field,” continued Ryan.

“Dad,” interjected Jacinta, hoping to reason with him. “Don’t you remember this field? We did the fencing on it together,” said Jacinta, pleading with him to remember who she used to be.

“Like I was saying,” continued her father, ignoring her attempts to treat with him. “We will base you here. The fence is electrocuted as well, so we recommend staying as far away from it as possible.” Jacinta knew that her pleas for help were now falling on deaf ears. Lisa reappeared and conversed with Ryan quietly. Jacinta heard a truck pull up, and a farmer that she recognized from several miles away got out of the truck and shook hands with both of her parents. The farmer went to the cattle box attached to the back of the truck and opened the door of the box. Jacinta watched with an audible gulp sound as a black bull sauntered out of the truck, its huge member swaying back and forth as it was led towards the field. Jacinta watched in abject horror as the gate was opened and the bull was introduced to the field, and the gate was closed sealing both Jacinta and the bull in the same area.

“We’d like to introduce you to your new boyfriend,” laughed Ryan from behind the fence. “He’s a real stud, me and your mother both hope you like him!”

“You sick fucks,” screamed Jacinta in anger, her front right hoof hitting the ground in frustration. However, Jacinta’s attempts to vocalize her displeasure had only succeeded in garnering attention from the bull. He was now watching her intently and moving towards her.

Jacinta ran with all her might towards the small forest on the horizon. She figured that the line of trees might be her only hope for losing her aggressor. As Jacinta ran, her massive breasts bounced around uncontrollably like mountains of flesh undergoing an earthquake. Jacinta knew that she must have appeared quite the sight as she continued on her way in a desperate attempt to reach the tree line. Jacinta glanced behind her to see that the bull had started to run after her, and the distance between them was rapidly closing.

After what seemed like an age, Jacinta finally reached the forest and ran through the first line of trees. She heard the bull snort in dissatisfaction as it pulled back and ceased following her. Jacinta’s plan had worked: the bull was weary of following her into an unknown area.

Jacinta leaned against a tree to catch her breath. Her massive chest was still heaving as she struggled to bring her breathing back under control. Jacinta then took stock of the current situation. She was now stuck in an enclosed field with a horny bull who was clearly looking to mount her as soon as possible. Jacinta had been successful in delaying that from occurring, but she knew it was only a matter of time before the bull decided to venture into the forest in search of her.

Jacinta racked her brain for some solution, and eventually a thought came to her. She knew this field; it had a weak section in the fencing in the south-west corner. If she could somehow remain hidden in the forest for a few hours till the sunset, then she could chance a break for the weak spot in the fence when it was dark.

Hours passed and Jacinta wandered around the tiny forest apprehensively. She had to constantly check her rear in order to ensure that the bull didn’t perform a surprise mount on her from behind. Jacinta was keenly aware of how exposed her sex was in her new form.

After those initial hours had passed, she had relaxed slightly as she still had not glimpsed her pursuer. Mosquitoes and flies were constantly landing on her huge brown chest to feed on her, and she would smack them away as best she could. As she was removing a fly from her right tit, she heard sticks being broken as something trampled them on with enormous weight. Jacinta froze in fear as she saw the bull right in front of her from the side profile. The bull had not seen Jacinta yet, and she placed a hand over her mouth so that she wouldn’t scream and give away her cover.

Jacinta watched in terror as the bull continued along his path and disappeared into the trees. Jacinta was glad that the wind had not blown her scent towards the animal, and she quickly stepped out of the trees and found another tree to hide behind as best she could. It was hard to maneuver a body such as Jacinta’s stealthily due to her size, but she was as quiet as possible. By her reckoning, she was close to the exit to the forest, which would lead her right to the vulnerability in the fencing.

Jacinta exited the forest as the sun was setting, which was why she didn’t immediately recognize that her parents were sitting around a small wooden table in the field, drinking coffee.

Knowing that her plan was foiled, Jacinta walked over to her former parents and waited for them to talk. She stood next to their table as they sipped on their coffees. Jacinta missed the smell of her favorite beverage very much.

“We figured you would try for the weak fence,” started her mother. “You see, we had that repaired and reinforced months ago. The entire farm went through a massive upgrade thanks to you and all the milk you produced.”

“Please,” started Jacinta trying to reason with her parents one last time. “Don’t do this to me, I gave up my entire life to help you both, and now you are treating me like a common cow!” sobbed Jacinta.

“Sweetie,” replied her father. “We didn’t ask you to do that, but since you turned yourself into a cow, we have to treat you like one and milk you, both physically and metaphorically, for all you are worth. That’s just the basics of farming. I thought I had taught you that?”

“How can you do this to me?” cried Jacinta.

“Honey, we ain’t doing shit to you … but he is,” said her father with a menacing smile. Jacinta turned around to see the bull charging out of the woods. Before she reacted, the bull had mounted her rear, and its hard cock was penetrating Jacinta’s cow body.

Jacinta screamed in pleasure and embarrassment as she felt the large member going back and forth in her body. She was trying to steady her large breasts as they were flopping all over the place. Jacinta nearly blacked out from the pleasure that she had just experienced, and didn’t notice the bull dismount.

“Congratulations, Jacinta,” said her mother. “You are going to be a mother to a very fine cow,” she said as she and her husband toasted each other and went back to talking amongst themselves, leaving a beaten down and defeated Jacinta to wander around the field looking for some semblance of purpose in a life with no point.

Jacinta knew she was going to spend the rest of her days wandering aimlessly around her parents’ farm, and one day her parents’ children would treat her like livestock, inheriting her and using her as a piece of meat.
