---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Random Encounter
authors:
- Rupes
tags:
- Solo-M
- M-f
- concert
- public
- handcuffs
- collar
- costume
- bond
- slave
- tease
- stuck
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2014-11-12 00:00:00
---

It was going to be one of those nights that could go either way. Billed as a rock stage show. I had been invited by some friends of mine who were a couple. Great a night of playing gooseberry! But in true form I had decided to go all out and get dressed up. I still had my new rocks, and “goth” clothes from way back when I was much more gothic in nature. I ordered myself some new bracelets and polished my favorite stainless steel slave collar, after all if you can’t wear it there then where can you wear it?

As I was not particularly looking forward to it the days seem to fly by until I was standing in my house getting ready, Jeans with long hanging chains check, Satan Inside tee shirt check, bracelets, five on each arm, and as a last minute decision I decided to wear my Hiatt 2010 handcuffs, both cuffs locked on my left wrist as more of a statement piece, biker jacket check. Last, new rock reactor boots, ready to go.

We filed into the venue and took our seats, the seat beside me was empty but the next one had some foul towney chap sitting in it with presumably his girlfriend next to him. My friends and I made small talk until finally the place filled up. I was resigned to having the seat next to me empty for the night which would accentuate the fact that I was on my own, or more to the point it would look like I had been recently dumped or stood up, great!

The place was packed. The lights dimmed, at last I thought, at least now the darkness would hide my loneliness that I now felt was on display to everyone there. The introductions went ahead and the show got underway, opening with Guns ‘n’ Roses sweet child, great maybe this would not be such a bad night. Everyone was really into it with a number of people standing up and dancing as much as they could in the small gaps in front of each seat. About half way through this song I became aware of someone standing next to me. The song finished and everyone sat down. I look to my left hand side where the empty seat was, it was now occupied by a girl, mid thirties. Dark hair, blue eyes. But the thing that immediately took my attention was the purple leather collar, emblazoned on the front in stainless steel letters was the simple work “SLAVE”.

It would have been impossible to start a conversation with her as the show was underway. So instead I decided to wait until the interval and try to speak to her then. It was kinda warm in there with about 200 people getting the rock on so about 15 minutes after she sat down I carefully removed my jacket so as not to disturb any one, popped it onto my seat and sat down again to enjoy the show.

I’m not sure if my arm touched hers first or vice versa, but our arms were now touching on the armrest that separated us. Then I noticed her glancing down at her arm. It would not be unusual for a goth chick to be into self-harm, so wondered if she had some marks on her arms that she was self-conscious about.

The show continued and we heard lots of well-played songs by all sorts of rock legends from across the history of rock, punctuated by what, it has to be said, was amazing comedic interludes by the troop leader and his gang, they had us all laughing along with them. Eventually they announced that they were having a brief 20 minute interval, one song later, 'Eye of the Tiger', and the lights in the theatre went up.

I looked across to my two mates and we exchanged a brief show of approval, “Coming for a cigarette?” I asked, but quickly got the reply, “Sorry dude we both gave up, but you go for it.”

“I’ll come with you,” I heard softly from my other side, it was the Slave girl. I looked round, smiled and said softly “sure”.

I quietly followed her out to the smoking area, which was already full of smokers, she cut through them quickly but softly. We ended up just far enough out the way to chat and not be interrupted. “Hi, I’m Rupes” I said.

“Hi, I will tell you my name but first you have to promise not to laugh,” she said in a soft voice.

“OK, but it can’t be that bad” I replied.

“Tabatha” she said almost apologetic in tone as if looking for approval.

“Hey that’s a nice name, not too common,” I could see that she was not comfortable with the subject so moved it on quickly, “Cigarette?”

We chatted and smoked for the next ten minutes. I finally felt comfortable enough to ask what she kept glancing at during the show. She turned red, “I thought you would not notice,” she said softly and continued, “It was your handcuffs, I’ve dreamed of trying some for so long, I am not a real slave girl, up till now I have just had aspirations. They are the first ones I have seen up close. They are so cool”.

I liked the way this was going, “Wanna try them, I have the key in my pocket” I said to her.

“Really?” she replied. I removed the key and proceeded to unlock them from my arm. I gave her both the handcuffs and the key. “Wow, they are heavier than I thought they would be, show me how they work” she said with an excited tone. I went on to explain how they swung through, and that they had double locks on them. She tried them in front first, clinking the chain, testing how strong it was. People were starting to go back in, so I took the key and unlocked the first cuff. “Can I try them behind my back?” she asked sweetly.

“OK but we had better be quick as people are going back in.” She put her hands behind her back and I fastened the open cuff around her wrist and double locked them. She let out a small but obvious moan of pleasure. “Come on, lets get you out then we can go back in.” I said to her.

“Leave them” she said softly and went on, “Open my bag, in the zip compartment on the left I have a lead, clip it to my collar and lead me back in like the slave I have always dreamed of being”.

We walked slowly back in, me in front and Tabatha on her lead behind me with her hands firmly double locked in handcuffs behind her back. We found our seats and sat down. “Are you comfortable like that” I asked her, she replied, “Yes, I don’t want you to let go of my lead”. That is how we spent the rest of the concert. At then end we got up and my friends asked if Tabatha would be coming with us? I looked at Tabatha who shrugged her shoulders as if to say, it’s up to you? There was a slight pleading in her eyes. So I looked at my friends, “It’s not like she has any choice, so yes she is coming with us.”

Tabatha insisted on speaking to the cast on the way out and we got autographs and some CD’s and stuff, but she also insisted in remaining handcuffed, collared and on her lead, not only as we left the theatre, but all night, I held her close to me all night and we kissed and chatted most of the night. Eventually after a very sexually charged night the morning sunshine broke through the windows in my house. “Come on lets get you out of those cuffs” I said.

“No” she refused and sat down so I had no chance of getting to them to take them off. She stayed cuffed and on her lead for another 48 hours until Monday morning came around and I had to get ready for work. “Come on, I have to let you out now as I have to work”. Reluctantly she turned around and I removed the handcuffs from her wrists. “I will take you home on the way” I said to her, she quietly removed her collar and headed off to the bathroom to get ready. I put the handcuffs and collar on the bedside cabinet and when she came out of the shower I went in.

I dried myself off and headed back to the bedroom to get ready for work. I found her laying on the bed naked, except for her collar, lead, and she had handcuffed her hands through the metal headboard. “I am not working today, I am staying here,” she said in a defiant tone. I started looking for the key. “I hid it before I put the handcuffs on” she said with a smile.

I presumed she had laid on it or something, but here was a hot girl, chained willingly to my bed. “Fine, if that’s what you want I’ll be back around 5pm”.

All day I was distracted, and made it home early as I rushed all my jobs. She was still chained to the bed exactly where I’d left her that morning. “Where did you hide the key?” I asked, “Not telling” she said with a laugh.

“I’ll tickle it out of you!” I said playfully.

Then came the crunch line, “I was rather hoping that you would fuck it out me. Here is the deal, you give me three orgasms and I’ll tell you where the key is.” She said seriously. “Deal” I said.

About two hours later we were both panting on the bed, “Where is it then?” I asked.

“Threw it out the window” she said.

“What?”

“Well I really did not want to go home and I have really enjoyed this” she said.

It took me four hours on my hands and knees on the grass to find the key, I of course had a spare, but I thought it more fun to play along. I returned upstairs and unlocked the cuffs. We had a late dinner, “I don’t want to go home” she said after dinner. I picked up the cuffs, locked one around her wrist, and used the other to lead her upstairs, I laid her on the bed, put the loose cuff around the headboard and locked it onto her other wrist. I used the key to double lock the cuffs and then walked over to the open window. I threw the key as hard as I could. “That’s going to be awkward” I said.

“What is” she said.

“It went over next doors fence”.

She pulled at the cuffs, then sat quiet for a minute “I guess I will have to stay” she said.

“I guess you will” I replied.
