---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'The Leather Twins Part 6: A Sister Sandwich'
authors:
- Anne Gray
tags:
- FF/ff
- bond
- leather
- latex
- collars
- corset
- nipple
- toys
- climax
- nc
- XX
---

(story continues from [**The Leather Twins Part 5: The Sisters Embrace**](leather_twins05.html))_

_**Part Six - A Sister Sandwich**_

_**Chapter 11 – A Sister
Sandwich**_

_The girls might have been satiated after their ride but Karen and I
were as horny as hell.  We decided to look after that problem and
then enjoy a good night’s sleep._

_One of our huge king size beds was just about big enough for what we
had in mind.  We started by strapping their arms in a wrist to elbow
position and pulling leather pouches over them.  More straps across
the shoulders and between their breasts then back to the pouches locked
them in place.  After what we had done to them their arms were almost
comfortable.   We pulled their hair out of the way into tight
ponytails._

_We spread a sensuously soft latex sheet on the bed and positioned the
girls down the center on their sides, back-to-back and head to toe. 
Both were wearing knee high ballet boots and had threaded, hard rubber
ring gags in their mouths.  For the moment rubber penis plugs were
screwed in and filled each mouth._

_Around their necks they wore 4” wide stiff leather posture collars;
these had a metal socket protruding from the nape at the back.  We
started with Susan.  Into the neck socket I screwed a T shaped piece
of pipe.  The cross pieces of the unit were about 1’ long and had
cuffs at each end and these we locked around Amy’s ankles.  Her legs
were now held apart on either side of Susan’s head.  The arms with
the ankle cuffs were hinged and collapsible._

_Lubing up one of our largest double butt plugs Karen worked it into
Amy’s rosebud and then held Susan’s feet while I guided the other end into
her ass.  When both halves were fully buried Susan’s ankles were locked
into the cuffs on the T unit at Amy’s neck.  Tight straps around their
upper thighs and waists held them buttock-to-buttock and strong cord from
each metal unit, in Susan’s case to the foot of the bed, and Amy’s to the
top finished their restraints._

_The only other things on their bodies were tight 1” straps around the
base of each breast.  These would increase the sensitivity of the
bulging orbs._

_Leaving them to wonder and our own anticipation to grow, Karen and I
went through to the living room and poured drinks.  When those were
finished it was first shower time and then bedtime!  Completely naked
except for satin robes we met again in the bedroom and helped each other
to work one end of double strap-ons in our pussies; and tighten the holding
belts._

_We set out satin pillows near the girls faces and a couple more of the
latex sheets within easy reach then; turning the light down to a soft glow
we went to bed._

_Susan was mine and I snuggled up to her as I gradually forced the strap-on
in her waiting orifice.  Now I removed her mouth plug leaving the
ring gag in place.  I could feel the movements as Karen did the same
with Amy and asked if she was ready.  Getting an “Oh God yes!” back
I reached between our captive’s buttocks and switched on the butt plugs. 
Now down to my own groin and did the same with the vibrating strap-on dildos. 
Karen groaned as she followed suit._

_I pushed my tongue in Susan’s mouth and started a prolonged French kiss
while my hands caressed her breasts and nipples.  After a while as
things started to build I stopped just long enough to say to Karen “Now!” 
We both reached an arm out to the T units holding their ankles apart and
released the spring-loaded arms.  This snapped their legs together
increasing the effects of the toys embedded so deeply inside them. 
I pulled one of the sheets across the middle of the four of us then settled
back and let nature take its course._

_After my third orgasm I had just enough strength left to screw in Susan’s
mouth plug and then let myself drift.  By the time the batteries died
I was fast asleep._

_What a great “Sister Sandwich!”  We would do it often._

_**Chapter 12 – Getting
to the Point!**_

_Susan and Amy were facing about as much distress as the human body could
stand without actual injury.  Karen and I were working on them at
the same time rather than finish one girl’s outfit before starting on her
sister.  That system was good if we wanted one to watch and anticipate
what was going to happen to them next but we decided to let them find out
together what was in store._

_Temporary ball gags stifled their moans as we forced their arms up between
their shoulder blades.  As usual, each arm had been tightly gloved
in kid leather then the hands covered with disposable plastic gloves and
the fingers taped together.  Pointed leather mitts laced over each
hand to the wrist._

_Their upper bodies were in leather jackets with built in corsets that
laced down the back and had two-inch openings in each bra cup allowing
their nipples and the top of their breasts to bulge through.  We hooked
the rings on the ends of the mitts into small snap hooks on the straps
at the back of their necks.  The straps crossed the shoulders and
met in front before going down between their breasts and attaching to the
waist belt of the corset._

_Working together we pulled to tighten straps across their bent arms
until the elbows met in the small of the back.   This forced
their chests out and we knotted the laces threaded through eyelets at the
base of each bra cup to further trap the four swollen mammary glands._

_We had attached metal brackets to the sides at the middle of the table
and they were joined across the width of the table by a 1” diameter rubber
covered bar whose height was adjustable.  The sisters were positioned
on their knees facing each other at opposite ends of the table, their knees
wide apart and strapped to the sides.  Further restraints held their
ankles._

_One at a time we removed the temporary gags and forced each girl to
bend at the waist and bite down on the bar.  With the bar clenched
between their teeth straps from it went around their heads, now side by
side, and held them in place.   We adjusted the height of the
bar until they were looking straight ahead.  Their rear ends were
readily accessible to us at the ends of the table and they could see what
happened to each other.  They would also feel it happening to them
at the same time._

_Each working on one of the sisters we started with chrome plated anus
spreader rings.  There were no sharp edges on the instruments; with
a little lubrication and firm pressure, they went in.  Each had a
hollow cone that tapered down to a 1 ½” diameter at its deepest
penetration while the ring itself stretched the lips of their rosebuds
to the maximum.  Unable to stop the intrusion Susan and Amy made it
known despite the gag bar that they were not enjoying themselves._

_With the spreaders in place we used thin leather thongs to lace the
pierced lips of their assholes to the small openings around the circumference
of the chrome inserts._

_Our largest remote control butt plugs then slid through the top opening
of the spreaders, down through the metal cones and deep into their hind
ends.  Metal clasps on the rim of the chrome inserts snapped down
over the ends of the plugs and locked in place._

_Now we adjusted the girls on the table until they were kneeling facing
each end and bent over backwards.  Forcing their heads under the bar
we again made them clamp their jaws on it, this time face up, and used
the straps around their heads to hold them in place.  Now their freshly
shaved vaginas received our attention._

_The vaginal inserts were also chrome but larger and oval in shape. 
Working slowly and methodically at each end of the table Karen and I eased
them into place until the orifices were spread wide open.  Like the
back ones we laced them to the holes in the lips of our captives’ vaginas._

_There was a small round extension at the top of each spreader and we
carefully fitted each pierced clitoris through the opening and used small
gold rings through the tips to keep them from retreating._

_The largest dildos in our collection slid into the openings and filled
the cavities to their full depth.  This invasion also did not go well
with the two helpless girls._

_Removing them from the gag bar and replacing the temporary gags allowed
Susan and Amy to be pulled up into a kneeling position so we could attach
narrow, curved chrome strips to the hinge pins at the top of each vaginal
spreader.  As we fitted them between their legs the rings in their
clits came through a narrow slot and the other ends of the strips attached
to the top rim of the anus spreaders, locking into place with small pins._

_Short leather straps back and front attached the chrome strip to the
waist belt of their corsets and the girls had on the ultimate in chastity
belts.  Just the tips of their clits, held in place by the gold rings,
were accessible._

_Lifting them off the table to the floor and laying them on their backs
Karen continued with Susan’s outfit while I did Amy’s.  Skintight
kid toreador pants followed the usual latex panties.   
Flipping the girls on their stomachs we laced the pant legs very tightly
from knee to ankle.  Stirrup straps under the insteps and toe loops
kept the leather taught._

_Even though their legs were not yet restrained the acute helplessness
of their upper torsos kept them docile.  The chrome chastity belts
and the huge plugs they held inside the girl’s cavities were a further
reason that negated any struggles._

_The leather crotch straps were almost just decorative considering what
was already in place but we pulled them as tight as they would go before
strapping Susan and Amy’s legs together at thigh, knee and ankle. 
The single leg boots were en point and took a great deal of effort to force
over their feet._

_Each kneeling across one of the girls, facing their feet, Karen and
I worked side by side to lace up the thigh high boots until they molded
to our captive’s legs.  Their insteps were forced in incredible arcs
accented by the gleaming black leather._

_The bonds on them were so tight that as we lifted each girl to her feet
there was hardly any bend to their bodies.  We stood them back to
back, balancing on the points of the boots, held upright by very short
chains from their belts to the waist high metal poles they were positioned
between.  To further stiffen the arrangement we used several roller
buckle straps around both forms.  Ankles, knees, thighs, waists and
just above their bulging breasts the straps locked them together._

_Even though Karen and I were both wearing knee boots with substantial
heels we needed to stand on low stools to work properly on the sisters
from their necks up.  Other than the tops of their breasts bulging
through the bra cup openings, their heads were the only part of them not
encased in tight kid leather bondage._

_The temporary gags still in place we pushed tiny balls of cotton wool,
soaked in light oil, deeply into their ears.  Plugs then went in and
filled the rest of the ear channel.  No sound would now penetrate
- yet one more step towards complete helplessness.  Their glossy black
hair was tucked into tight, heavy rubber swim caps and the straps pulled
under their chins to fastened under the left ear._

_I inserted a metal brace between Susan’s teeth behind the ball gag and
turned the screw on it until her jaws were forced wide apart.  The
ball popped out as I did this and Karen was ready with the padded tongs
to get a hold of the girl’s tongue.  Working carefully I installed
three small gold rings through the holes pierced at each side and the tip. 
Using lightweight fishing line and a pair of tweezers I threaded it through
the left side ring and then around one of her lower teeth and tied it off. 
The other side and the tip got the same treatment._

_Leaving her for the time being we got Amy along to the same stage and
then Karen continued with her while I returned to Susan._

_We packed their mouths with soft leather pears and then removed the
braces holding their jaws apart.  Using the holes drilled in their
front teeth several turns of the fishing line closed their mouths over
the packing.  A thin strip of leather then went in their mouths between
the cheeks and teeth and more fishing line, threaded through blunt needles,
laced their lips together._

_Two or three turns of tape around their heads and smoothed across the
mouth finished that part of the gagging process and the tears flowed freely
down their cheeks.  Hollow inserts screwed up into the four nostrils
allowing the girls to breathe no matter how tight the rest of their head
bondage became._

_The soft black leather discipline helmets molded to their faces with
just eyeholes and small opening under the noses. As we each laced one down
the back of their heads we took care to make sure there were no creases. 
When we had laced the necks of the helmets to the jacket collars we buckled
on wide leather neckbands so that the large oblong clasps of the buckles
were under their chins like a posture collar._

_Kid gag straps pulled snugly around each head and then their heads were
held tightly together with a padlock through D rings under Susan’s right
ear and Amy’s left.  Large gold rings were fed through the nostril
holes of the helmet and their pierced septums_

_But we let them just hang resting against the top of the gagged
mouths for now.  Using blunt needles and long pieces of leather thong
we started to connect the eyelets around the opening in the bra cups. 
The leather was pinched tightly into the flesh of their swollen glands
but the blunt needles allowed us to gradually crisscross each breast, avoiding
the nipples until we had a mesh of tight leather embedded in their flesh._

_Gold rings went through their pierced nipples and were then pulled through
small clamps that tightened on the jutting points.  We were almost
done with our bondage sisters but now provided a final accent to their
dilemma.  Using a small link gold chain we fed it through their nose
rings and then down to the nipple rings._

_Gold painted fishing sinkers were hung from each of the nipple rings. 
The buckles under their chins and the padlock holding their heads side
by side kept them from easing the strain on the chains.  Only their
shining eyes could move along with the gentle rise and fall of the leather
stretched across their chests.  We tested the inserts and watched
as their eyes went wide but their bodies could not react._

_We estimated it would be less than an hour before, their weight being
completely focused on the ends of their boots, they would be getting to
the painful  “point” of this setup._

_After all the trouble we had taken, we left them as they were for two
hours!_

_15.05.06_

_o0o_

_story continues in [**The Leather Twins Part 7: Birthday Bonds**](leather_twins07.html)

o0o
