---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/ponygirl/storiesad/art_and_pets5.html
title: Art and Pets
authors:
- Rotaugur
tags:
- F-f
- petgirl
- bond
- buttplug
- collar
- piercing
- catheter
- shop
- armbinder
- cons
- X
date: 2026-06-27 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 5

As she woke the next morning, Kat's first reaction was to want to go to the toilet because of the immense pressure in her rear.

Then she remembered the last evening, and what she requested Foxy do to her. Remembering not only how much pain she had been in, and how tenderly the other woman had treated her, she could not help, but let out a happy little sigh and cuddle deeper the still sleeping women embrace.

Not wanting to get up, she turned in Foxy's arms and came face to tits with the older woman's tits.

Not wanting to immediately wake her, but also wanting to have some fun, she brought up her arm and started to grope, twist and squeeze those nice orbs. Paying extra attention to the nipples, and the four piercings in them.

Getting bolder, she also started to lick and nibble, a bit, she was so distracted that she did not notice her partner waking up.

“Good morning kitten. Hmmm that is a nice way to wake up. How do you feel?”

“Morning Foxy. My ass is sore and I have the feeling of having to take a giant shit, but I know that is just the plug. It does not hurt anymore, but it still aches.”

“Understandable. That is one of my normal tails, and it has a diameter of something over 4.5 cm. That is not something someone should even remotely start with for anal. The tip of the enema yesterday is much more appropriate for beginners.”

“I can understand that, but uh…”

“Yes Kitten?"

“Well, uh, I don't think I would want to change anything about yesterday.”

“Nice to hear. Why don't we get up and get ready. You can look at your tail in the mirror a bit more, and I have to look, just how I am going to keep myself clean for the next few days, with what you have done to me.”

“Im sorry, if you don't like it, why don't you just return the rings like how they were?”

“I never said that I don't like what you have done. I said I have to look at how to keep myself clean.”

Getting out of bed, Foxy watchmen, as Kas sat up and winced as she sat on her plug for the first time. She thought, maybe the plug was a mistake, but as she saw how happy her kitten looked at the image in the mirror of herself, she dismissed her own concerns. Her kitten was made of much sterner stuff, she was just really shy about it.

It was at that moment that she realized she had been calling Kathrine her kitten, and referencing the young woman as her Kat in her head for quite some time now. Deciding to just ask, she voiced her thoughts.

“Hey Kathrine."

“Huh? Is something wrong? You normally call me Kat or Kitten.”

“I just noticed that I often refer to you as my kitten, or my Kat in our conversations and also see you as mine in my head. Do you have a problem with that?”

“No? I don't know. I kind of like that, and I wear one of your collars, even if we both call it mine most of the time. The idea of being your kitten makes me kind of feel safe, I think. I think I like it. Why? Is there a problem?”

“Nah. Just noticed it.”

“Huh, what does that make us? I mean, we did not go on a real date, but played with each other's bodies much more than what normal friends do. I don't think you normally play with needle filled tits of another person, or let that person shove a giant plug up your ass. But girlfriends also doesn't sound right. I think.”

“What about a vixen and her sexy kitten?”

“Sounds nice. Does that mean you plan to keep me?”

“Well, I still have the key to that collar you are wearing, and I don't plan on letting you out of my life any time soon. Why don't we just see what the future holds for us and go from there. But first…”

“What ? Did I do something wrong?”

“I would say we should go and wash up. I kind of have an idea for keeping it clean down there, but I'll need your help installing it.”

“What should I do?”

“Go to the bathroom with me. I'll have some spare toothbrushes somewhere, and after that, I'll explain my plan.”

After brushing their teeth, and Kat using the toilet, she observed how Foxy took a medical looking package from a drawer.

“Ok kitten. This is a catheter. You know what that is?”

“Yes. It goes up your peehole into your bladder, and lets you pee without making a mess in hospitals when you can't leave the bed.”

“Close enough. Have you ever seen one inserted before, or had one?”

Getting a shaking head for an answer, Foxy continued.

“OK, no problem. What I want you to do, is when I lie back on my back to first remove the upper two rings in my pussy lips, and then go use some of the lube, to rub it onto the tube. I also want you to squeeze some of it into my peehole. It is just a bit below my clit. After that, I need you to slowly insert the tip and gently push it up inside me. With me so far?”

“Yes. I think so. Remove the rings to get to your peehole and lube both you and the tube up. Then gently insert the tube. What comes after that?”

“This catheter is not a normal one, but one for denial play. It has a self closing valve, and is rather discrete. It means that I can only pee, when the right adapter is connected to it, so you don't need to worry about making a mess. It also has not one, but two inflatable balloons at the end, so that when you first inflate the one in my bladder, pull on it, and then inflate the second one, it will seal off my peehole internally, preventing my pee from flowing along the tube. I'll need you, when you have inserted it, to inflate both balloons in that order. Can you do it?”

“I uh, I think so but…”

Not meeting the older woman's eyes, Kat blushed and looked down.

Foxy, already getting good at reading the young women, knew something was up. Deciding to follow a haunch, she offered her a way out.

“Do you think it would be easier for you to experience one first? I have a second one. In there, but I would expect you to wear it at least as long as I wear mine. Do you think you want to try it?”

Her kitten looked up so fast, she almost did not see it, before she looked down again, even redder now.

“Ok, kitten. Hop on the bed on the bed on your back. If you can, pull your legs up as far as you can. I'll get the second one.”

She returned to a rather interesting sight. Kat had somehow managed to pull her legs not only to her head, but to also wiggle her shoulders and arms between them and lay there with her ass and pussy straight up into the air, with no visible strain on her face as she waited for Foxy to return.

“Ok, I did not expect that. How the hell are you that flexible?”

“Well, I always was flexible, and then a school friend started with yoga and invited me to join. After they saw just how flexible I was they kind of started a game of finding the most extreme poses and making me do them to find my limits. It was fun and all, so even after we parted ways I kept up the training. It is kind of relaxing for me.”

“Huh. Good to know. How long can you hold that pose?

“I… uh… One time, after a really hard day, I kind of fell asleep like this. I woke up the next morning really sore, but after some other stretches, the pain went away. The problem I had at the beginning was that I had to flex my muscles to hold the pose. But after I reached the point where I could lay my arms over them to hold my legs down I did not need to anymore. Now all I have to worry about is not falling asleep again. Why?”

“It normally takes years of dedicated training to get as flexible as you seem to be. I wonder what I could do with you in the future. Maybe I tie your ankles behind your back together if you are interested in trying out bondage. We will have to see. But back to the topic, I have bad news. The only other catheter that I have here was a gag gift from a friend of mine, and that one is nearly 1.5 cm in diameter and nearly 2.5 at the smaller balloon. I'm sorry to say, but I won't be able to give you one today.”

“Huh. I’m kind of sad.”

“Yeah, me too. But hey, you can still give me mine, and you have something for the future to try. I think it would be better for you to try one thing at a time to learn what you like and dislike anyway. Now, come on up with you, or do you think you can insert a small tube into my pee hole for the first time, while being bent like a pretzel?”

“Fine. But someday I want to try.”

With that, Kat stood up from the bed and Foxy took her place, even if she had to pull her knees up instead of placing them behind her back.

Kat then followed the vixen's instruction, which she helpfully repeated, and inserted the catheter into her peehole.

Still wanting to have some fun, she did not immediately close the rings in Foxy's pussy, but instead opened the other three instead as well. Then she first took the tube hanging out and pulled it through the highest link of the improvised chain connected to the clit piercing, before stuffing the whole chain into her pussy. After that, she reinserted the missing two rings, and before closing them laid the tube into all five rings down the labia before sealing them with the balls.

Unknown to the perpetrator and the victim, this would lead to the rings pulling at the tube with every step Foxy would take, which would translate to a light tugging at the inflated balloon, resulting in a returning feeling of having to pee, without being able to. It would also lead to a light tugging at her clit with every step.

“Ok Foxy, I'm done."

“Huh. That feels not like it usually does. What did you do?”

“I have pulled the tube though you rings. I did not want to have it just hang there. Is that going to be a problem?”

“Don't think so. Come on, let's find something to wear, but first, I'll need my tail. Do you want me to have it comfortable today, or do you think I should use something unusual?”

“Don't know. Are you planning to also buy new clothes for yourself?”

“Good point. I'll take one of my hooks. Let's see what you should wear. You will need a whole new wardrobe.That means, nothing that you can't take of yourself. Best would be for you to use your own clothes, and just pull the tail over the rim of your pants. Do you have anything against that?”

“No. Why would I?“

“Let's get dressed.”

With that, Foxy stood up from the bed and took her first step, already realizing that how Kat had run the tube would make for an interesting experience. Stopping in front of the big mirror. She took a detailed look. Noticing the missing chain, she asked.

“Hey kitten, where is the chain you left in my clit piercing?”

“That? I put it behind the other rings. I did not want you to get caught at something and injure yourself.”

“Oh, I can already feel it working. The rings rub me with every step, and the tugging from the tube will keep me aroused for the full day. I can already see it. You have a real talent for bringing me into situations, where I will either want to strangle you or kiss you. You know that, right?

“I’m sorry. I just wanted to help. Don't be mad at me please?”

“Oh don't worry. I will not hold it against you. I will just have to think of fun ways to have my revenge. But remember. All we do is for fun. If it stops being fun, just tell me, like I will tell you. and we can either pause to remove the problem, or try something else. Now, let's get dressed and after that have breakfast. I think a nice American breakfast sounds nice today.”

---

After getting dressed, Kat in her sweatshirt, and pants, while Foxy chose a simple blouse and jeans, they went down and ate waffles with bacon and eggs.

They were just putting away the dishes, when a smiling July knocked at the door. As Foxy answered, she could not help but notice that dark look in her guests eyes.

“Oh, hi July. Did we not say at ten in the mall? What are you doing here?”

Just sending a dirty look her way, July pulled out her phone, and started typing.

“I'll get you back for this. Now, let me in.”

“I don't know what you are talking about. As if I would ever do something so evil, like forcing you to leave the office with your mouth sealed shut. What do you think of me?”

“I was there when you called him. ‘

“Ok Ok. Come in. Kat and I were just cleaning up breakfast and were about to go meeting you. Kat, July is here.”

“What? I thought we were meeting at the mall?”

“It seems she wants to change plans.”

“Are you alright July?”

“I am fine. Just wanted to make sure you were alright, and to see what I am working with. Is that one of Foxy's regular tails?”

“Yeah. I umm…”

“Just spit it out, kitten. It's not like she can tell anybody at the moment.”

“Well, she was showing me how to clean the latex while telling me about her piercings, and after that, she helped me with my hair. It ended up taking much longer than we thought, and to not fall, she sat down, and I got to see her intimate piercings. Well, she allowed me to look and play a bit with them, and because my hair took so long, I started to play with the rings, and I uhm… may have removed a few of them and then used the others to connect her pussy-lips together…”

“She did what?”

“Yep. This sneaky little kitten has managed to ring me shut while I was cleaning her hair without me noticing. But it gets even better. Do you want me to tell her or…?”

“Ok, that I have to hear.”

What followed was Foxy telling an amused July how their evening had ended, even mentioning that the punishment was Kathrine's idea, which earned her some real respect, followed by how their morning had gone by and what else Kat had done.

“I will have to say, you don't do things by half, and I am glad to see you two so happy. Now, back to the point of why I'm here. I heard you are in dire need of a new wardrobe?”

“Well, yes. Hardest part will be my bras though”

“Why?”

“I have a non standard size, and need them to be custom-made. The shop where I get them is in Vegas and shipping alone will take at least two weeks. Not to mention the production time and the waiting list. It will be expensive.”

“Vegas? How the hell do you come into contact with a firm in Vegas for costume-made bras?”

“Well, the wife of one of my father's colleagues, he is married to an ex-stripper, and after hearing me complain about my back pain, she introduced me. After getting my first properly fitted bra, I had no more pain.”

“What is your fathers job, that one of his colleagues is married to a stripper?”

“I bet you would not believe her, when Kat tells you.”

“I am not talking to you Meredith. So, please answer my question, if it is no problem.”

“Elementary school teacher.”

“Shut up Foxy.”

“Hey!!! I didn't even get to say anything.”

“Ok, back to the topic, you will need at least a few replacement bras. Ideas, Foxy?”

“Well, we could try some kind of harness, but I think a chastity bra would be better, as it must be adjustable, or we could try corsets I think. We can't be sure they would be perfectly comfortable, but at least they can give the needed support. We can find both at Lily's place.”

“That could work. We can also find most of the fetish clothes she would need there. As for the rest, she will need at least one business outfit. I think a white blouse, skirt and jacket? Shoes as well. Add in normal clothes and some rudimentary stuff for hygiene…”

“I would say, we go to Lily and have her measure her up completely. Then call Pierre and tell him that he can put together a full wardrobe for our kitten here. Normal and for the scene. Would not be cheap, but we get quality and he is one of the best. Would also be faster. What do you think, July?”

“Could work. But is Lily awake yet? Taking all her measurements will take some time, and she normally closes the shop for that.”

“I can call her. She still owes me one for the handball incident anyways.”

“Handball incident?"

“I’ll tell you another time. What do you think?”

“I don't know. I have some savings, and the person from yesterday said something about limited reimbursement, but I don't think they mean a full wardrobe, and I don't think I want to know what you consider expensive. How should I pay for that?”

“I expect something in line with XXXX. What do you think, July, two, maybe three months with no rent and no big expense?”

“With our schedule, we have your next shooting in two weeks, and shortly after the convention. I know Frank already has something lined up for the week after that, which would fit her, but after that I would have to look. If all goes well, she would need at least two more big jobs, or four small ones, for her bonuses to cover that. So, say two and a half months, if nothing major comes up?”

“I get paid that much as bonuses!?”

“Yeah. What we do is not exactly mainstream you know? Professional photographers that know how to be silent about what, and who they see are expensive. Why do you think we were so fast to hire you? Not many are open minded enough and talented enough to fit the bill. Add in your willingness to try new things and you won't have problems finding work anytime soon. I'd say go for it, Foxy. Call Lily and ask. If it is too much, I have permission from Frank to loan her the money, so that is covered.”

Kat was already near tears for all the help she was getting and had to sit down.

That was the moment that she remembered her tail was held in by a big plug, which she had just sat on hard. She wailed like a beaten cat, and Foxy had to turn away to hide her amusement at how catlike she often acted ever since she tried on the ears.

Making a call, she concentrated on that instead, still trying to hide her smile.

“Good morning Lily! It's me, Foxy! Yeah, I love you too. Hey now, that is not nice. I called because I need your help. You see, my new housecat, sorry, houseguest, needs a whole new wardrobe and needs to be measured. Why did I come to you? Well, there is the point of me becoming rather attached to her, and then there is the point of her working for Frank now. We are planning to give Pierre a present, by letting him do the selection. Yes I know he would think he forgot his birthday again. There is also the motivation for you, to see July with a forced smile, without the ability to utter a single word in it. What? Ok. We'll be there in half an hour. See you.”

“I hate you.”

“I love you too. Now let's go. I take it, July, that you are here with one of the Vans?”

“Yes. Let's go, before you call Lukas as well, just to annoy me.”

As they went into the car, Kat suddenly remembered a detail from yesterday.

“Uhm…”

Both women looked at the sheepish Kathrine.

“Well, uh… Frank told me yesterday after I gave him back the camera that he planned for me to send him a copy of the pictures…”

Foxy began to howl with laughter, and spent most of the drive in the backseat snickering about the long list of curses, July had tipped out on her phone before starting the car. Kat meanwhile, learned that it is not comfortable to ride in a car when she had a large plug up her ass for the first time.

As they were standing at a traffic light, July ask Kat to describe what she usually liked to wear, just to have an idea of what to later send to Pierre, and she spend the rest of the ride, ignoring Foxy while describing what boiled down to pants, comfortable shoes and t-shirts and sweaters in darker colors.

---

Arriving at their destination, all Kat could see was a parking lot in front of what seemed to be an old warehouse. Following the others, they entered a non described door, and she entered what looked like a different world.

The whole structure looked more like a big box store, with ceiling high shelves and the walls, while the floor was covered in clothing racks, shelves, and displays, featuring everything from latex, over leather to what Kat thought was bondage equipment and more.

Next to the door they were greeted by a middle aged woman in a tight leather outfit. She had short blond hair, and wore only what seemed to be leather. Around her neck was something that reminded her of a medical brace she had seen on tv once, but made of leather and much thinner with heavy rings all around. It also covered her shoulders, and part of her upper chest. She wore tight shoulder length gloves, and her torso was covered by what she could only describe as an extremely tight corset, which had pulled her waist in impossible small, before flaring into wide hips. Her legs were covered with what Kathrine first thought of as some weird socks, till she notices that the woman had what appeared as no feet. Her legs ended just in some tiny platforms. All the leather was in different shades of brown, with many rings scattered about.

“Hello Foxy. So nice to finally see you again. And July! So good to see you. And you must be her new roommate. I can already see why she called you her housecat. Hi my name is Lily, and this is my store. Come in, Come in.”

“Hi Lily. Nice to see you again. Sorry about the short notice, but well it is urgent. This is Kat. No, I kid you not. Her name is Kathrine. Kitten, this is Lily. She sells anything leather, latex and silicon. Mostly to the BDSM scene. July stop hiding and greet her.”

Letting her head hang low, July pulled out her phone and started typing.

“Hi Lily. How are you? Sorry for not speaking up, but I can't at the moment.”

“Oh? What happened? And why do you keep smiling like that?”

“Frank tried something new with my piercings, after one too many jokes.”

“Ha one too many jokes is good. July here found it funny to send a complete newbie to one of my shootings with Lukas two days ago, and after learning of it, he decided to shut her up by sealing her mouth with her barbels.”

“Understandable. I always tell him that her jokes would someday do some real damage. And the smiling?”

“Uh, I think, that is because he fed the barbels through her tongue piercings on the inside.”

“Oh? Sounds interesting. and how do you fit into the picture, Kathrine?”

“Well, uh… I was the newbie.”

“And now here you are wearing cat ears and a tail, while Foxy calls you her housecat. How did that happen?”

As they walked through the store Meredith told her a short version of what happened, leaving out most of the details, but mentioning how the two of them clicked, and how she got to wear the unusual accessories.

On the way, Kat saw even more things that she only ever saw, when she accidentally entered the wrong side of the internet. She saw every imaginable piece of clothing made from everything from leather, latex, some things were made of metal or just plain cloth. She saw racks full of shoes, some even looked similar to what Lily had at her feet. She wondered, just how she could walk in them. She spotted rows of shelves filled with all kinds of dildos and plugs, most of which she could not make out of the use. Others were filled with collars, and what she assumed were cuffs. She saw wigs next to masks, and at least five hangers filled with what she thought were corsets made of all materials and colors.

Reaching a door at the end, Lily opened it and led them inside. It was a nice office with a few couches, and the four sat down. Lily and July on one, Foxy and Kat on the other.

“Ok, I get the picture now. You need a whole new wardrobe, and Foxy convinced you to come here to get measured. But why is her insistence on me helping you with your bras, when she wants to send Pierre to do the selection?”

“Well, uh…”

“Don’t be shy Kat. you can tell her.”

“Well, I have pretty big breasts for my height, and have suffered bad back pain in the past because of this. Later I spoke with someone, who recommended me to an expert, and after getting fitted with one, the pain went away. I need a special size combination, that is not normally produced, and have my bras costume made. Foxy thinks you can help me find an alternative for the time being.”

“I was thinking either try a harness, or even a chastity bra, or should that not work, try a corset, to distribute the strain on her hippy and waist instead.”

“Huh. Makes sense. Well, first we should do the measuring. We can do it the old fashion way, which would take over an hour easily, or, we could try an alternative. I was contacted by someone, who works in a laboratory, and they designed this new computer based system to measure a body. It is originally designed for use in the medical field, to create costume prosthetics, but they need testing data, and he asked me for help. The machine looks like an x-ray at the dentist, but for the full body, and will take several thousand pictures of your body while projecting a gridpatter. After that, a program compares all the pictures and generates a 3d model, from which every possible measurement can be taken. The whole procedure with preparation takes only a minute or so. You would have to be naked inside, but it would be more accurate than taking them by hand.Do you want to give it a try?”

“I don't know, I… Uhhh… I can't take off the collar, and uhm my tail is…”

“Yeah, and taking it out would be painful I think.”

“Your collar is locked on, and your tail is installed by a plug?”

“Yes. Will that be a problem?”

“Nah, you can even keep your ears on as well. It would even be good, as the machine is designed to work with unusual body forms. So what do you say? Wanna give it a try? We could even send Foxy ahead as a test.”

“I’m in! Come on Kat, don't leave me alone.”

“Ok. I'll test the machine. What do I have to do?”

“Follow me. We need to go to the room next door. There are a few tables where you can put your clothes, and then All you have to do is stand on a round plate without much movement for about twenty seconds, while the machine takes the pictures. After that, you can put them on again, even if that would be a waste. We still need to find you some bras. What about you, July? Do you also want to get measured?”

“No need. Already had my scan done on another occasion.”

“Ohh? Do tell."

Before she could write her reply, Lily shouted out, "Hey! You can talk while you walk, it's not far.”

With that, the three women followed Lily into the room next door, where Foxy and a at first shy Kat stripped to be measured. While Foxy seemed to have no problem walking around naked, Kathrine tried to cover herself with her hands at first with mixed results. But after a few minutes, she gave up and instead concentrated on the things in the room, after all she got from the other two women was a whistle and a nice from Lily, and a thumbs up from July. Foxy got a raised eyebrow about the piercings and catheter in her pussy, but took it in stride.

The room was relatively empty, except a computer desk in one corner, and the machine in the other one, while next to the door were a few tables for their clothes.

The machine looked something like a mix between an old circular phone booth with a round plate in the center, and an x-ray machine from a dentist, but for the whole body.

Foxy went first. Lily instructed her to just stand in the middle of the plate, close her eyes and don't move. The machine would circle around her to take the pictures, and then she could leave again.

While waiting for her turn, Kat’s eyes fell on Lily's legs again, and remembering the unusual shoes she spotted on the shelves outside took a second look.

Forgetting to feel awkward about being naked, she went over to the other woman, and crouched down to get a better look, not noticing the raised eyebrow and amused looks between Lily and July.

Both women thought that calling her a cat was more than fitting.

On the ground, Kat could see that Lily did have feet, but her shoes bend them to the point where she would be forced to walk on the tips of her toes.

After seeing that, she sat on the ground, only twitching a bit because of her plug, with crossed legs, and looked up at Lily.

“How can you walk in these shoes? Don't they hurt?”

“I am used to it by now. These boots are called ballet boots, and I have worn them for years now. At the start, they hurt like hell, and I could not really wear them for more than half an hour at a time for months, but I got used to them over time. Then one day, I said, I have enough with the waiting, and went to a convention with them locked on, while leaving the keys at home. I was forced to either destroy a very expensive pair of boots, or to get used to them. It was hell I'll tell you, but now, it's all I wear for shoes.”

“Why?”

“I love ultra high heels, and have worn nothing but heels for a decade before that. Over time, I lost the ability to put my feet flat on the ground. I saw these extreme shoes without a heel one day and had to get them, and that was my first pair of ballet shoes. Today, I'll even have a problem standing on anything other than my toes, because my achilles tendons have shortened over the years so much.”

“Wow. Does that not cause problems in your day-to-day life?”

“A ton. I can't use a shower anymore, because it is too dangerous. I have skin problems because my feet have no contact with fresh air most of the time. Most stairs or soft ground is a no go, because I can't get a firm stand and the list goes on. Not to mention, that these boots are expensive as hell. If you plan on trying them on, you can, but don't wear them exclusively. They look nice and all, but the problems are not worth the looks.”

“Oh, ok.”

“Come on, Foxy is nearly finished, and then it's your turn. If you want, I think I have something that could interest you. I can show it to you later.”

“Oh?”

Standing up, Kathrine changed places with Foxy, and tried to stand as still as possible, as the machine went to work. All she really felt was a slight vibrating, and heard a soft humm, but that was all. After being told to come out, she went over to the computers, and was amazed at what she saw.

There on the monitor, was a 3D model of herself with her ears, tail and all. On another monitor was a model of Foxy.

The program had a bunch of functions, one of which allowed it to remove unusual parts, like her collar, or Meredith's pussy piercings. Lily said it was meant to make it possible to scan someone with medical devices on, like a neckbrace for example and still get accurate readings. Another function was to get a list of all relevant measurements relevant for cloth shopping.

Printing that list to later give to Pierre, the group returned to the office to look at what they wanted to do next.

---

After they returned, July started to send Pierre the information he needed, while the others sat down on the sofas again. Foxy sat normally, while Kat sat cross legged, with her feet on the opposing leg.

Seeing that, Lily started to ask about her flexibility, and Foxy told her about how she found the other woman this morning.

“That is impressive. Are only your legs that flexible, or also your arms?”

“I think both are the same, why?

“Mind if I try something?”

“What should I do?”

“Just come over here and stand with your back to me. I want to try just how flexible your arms and shoulders are.”

Not seeing a problem with that request, Kathrine stood up, and stood as told. Lily then took one of her arms, and started to do some motion tests with it. First only one arm at a time, then both of them.

“Tell me, when it gets uncomfortable, and when you think it is too much ok?”

“Sure.”

Lily then took both arms and pulled them behind Kat's back. Further and further she went till both underarms were parallel, with the elbows being pressed together, and Kat did not even flinch.

“How does that feel?”

“Not too bad. I think if I could relax the muscles, I could hold that position for a while. Why?”

“I may have an opportunity for a side job for you. Let me try another position.”

With that, she let go of the arms, before twisting first one, then the other arm, till Kat's hands lay flat on her own shoulderblades. Being held loosely there by Lily.

Foxy seeing this had started to take a few pictures with her phone, having an idea where this could go.

“How is that?”

“The same I think. The hand holding my arms helps. Why, is something wrong?”

“No, nothing is wrong. Let me just get something from the floor, and try one last position. I'll explain later.”

“Ok…”

Looking puzzled to her friend, Kat just let her arm fall to her side, while waiting for Lily to return.

When she came back, she had a bundle of leather belts in her hands.

“Ok, this here is a reverse prayer harness. The position I held your hands in last, is pretty close to what we call a reverse prayer, and this harness is designed to hold its wearer in it. I have been looking for months now for a model who could wear it, to make advertisement pictures of, and I would like for you to try it on. Do you have a problem with that?”

“Will it hurt me?”

“It is not supposed to, no. If you can manage the position with your arms, it will just hold them there, but the position is strenuous to achieve, so only very few can manage it after much training. Seeing just how utterly flexible you are, I suspect you can manage it. Do you want to try?”

“Will you release me if it gets too much?”

“Absolutely."

“Sure. I can try. What do I have to do?”

“Nothing much. Just stand in front of me again, and relax your arms. I’ll do anything else. Foxy, could you please make a video of it, if only for Kat here to see what it looks like?”

“Sure.”

Having Kat already standing in front of her, Lily started to put her into the harness. The first bands go over and under her big tits around her torso, and with two wide bands over her shoulders, giving her some kind of couples bra. After that, she pulled Kat's arms behind her back again, looking that the insides of her hands face each other. Holding them there with one hand, she used two bands that were fastened in the middle of her back to hold them in place.

“Ok, now I absolutely need you to tell me when the strain gets too much for you. Do you understand? If you don't tell me, it can lead to damage.”

“Sure, I'll tell you.”

With that, Lily started to slowly close the bands, pulling Kat's arms and elbows closer and closer together. As she only had a little room left, and still no word from the young woman, she paused and went around her.

“Are you ok? No pain, nothing?”

“No. Why? Is something wrong?”

“I am surprised that you have reached this far. Do you think you can manage more?”

“Yeah. Should not be a problem. “

Not believing what she just achieved, Lily went back and closed the gap between Kat's elbows fully, without squeezing them. Closing the buckles fully, she let go and stared in disbelief, as Kathrine just stood there, fully relaxed with her arms in one of the most demanding positions she knew of.

Kat, thinking the test was over, just went back to the other couch and sat down enjoying the position quite a bit, not noticing the disbelief look on Lily's face.

“It feels kind of nice. Can I keep wearing it for a bit please?”

That innocent question, shocked Lily into moving and got Foxy to start laughing at the older woman's face.

“Huh? Did I say something wrong?”

“No kitten. It is just that the reverse prayer you are now enjoying is one of the hardest bondage positions that we know. I would say, just give us notice when you want out of it and enjoy your time.”

“Oh.”

“You know Kathrine, I'll let you keep the harness, and give you a discount if you let me take a few pictures of you for my advertisement. And if I ever have something new that needs this much flexibility, I would like your permission to call you. Is that ok?”

“I uhm… Do I have to be naked in those pictures? I don't like the idea of them being on the internet to be honest. Would that be possible?”

“No problems at all. We can edit the pictures later, or we could just put a pair of pasties on them to hide your nipples. I can give you a matching skirt, and we keep your face out of the pictures, and all should be good. Or do you have other problems?”

“Oh Oh! I just know the pasties we should use. You still have the black catheads in stock right?”

“Fitting. They should still be there, Foxy. What do you say, Kat. Wanna do it?”

“I … Uhm… Ok. As long as I can't be identified… OK. And I can really keep the harness?”

“Sure.”

What followed was that Lily went to get a camera, while Foxy went in search of the mentioned pasties. When they were back, July was also finished with her texts, and after Foxy brought her up to the last stand of things, just shook her head, before taking the camera.

The Photoshoot went well, and they returned to the couches, where Foxy sat down before pulling Kat down to lay her head into her lap. And continued to pet her, while they talked.

“Hey kitten, this is nice. I can pet you all I want, and don't need to worry about you being naughty again. Maybe I should keep you just like this.”

“It is kind of nice. Can you pet me some more please?”

Shaking her head, Lily turned to talk to July, who still had the camera in her hands and took a picture of the other two. Turning to her, she just put a finger over her sealed lips, indicating to let them have the moment.

July was already planning to give them copies of these pictures. Knowing already, they would stay together for a long time, even if they were not aware of it yet.
