---
original_url: https://www.dollstories.net/storieslr/mannequin.html
subcategory: Doll Stories
title: Mannequin
authors:
- DJC
tags:
- F/m
- bodymod
- fem
- mannequin
- reluct
- XX
date: 2006-07-16 00:00:00
---

I received a telephone call a few days
ago whilst at home. At first I thought it was a standard survey until some
unexpected questions came up. The next thing I know the woman at the end of the
phone is arranging an appointment for me to meet someone next week. The woman on
the phone gave me a name and address and told me to meet this person at 2pm next
Thursday. I did enquire as to the reason for the meeting but was unable to get
any more information out of her. After the phone call I tried a 1471 but was
advised that the number had been withheld so I could not trace the call.
As the day grew closer I became anxious as to the reason for the meeting. I had
checked the address I had been given and it appeared to be a good 30 minutes bus
ride away from my home so it shouldn't be too much of a problem.
The day finally arrived and I decided to dress casually, I picked up my keys and
headed down to the bus stop in good time. The bus arrived at 1:15 which gave me
plenty of time before my appointment. I arrived at the address well before 2pm.
I walked up to the house and rang the doorbell.
After a short wait a young woman opened the front door, she was wearing a black
and red corset which also had a very short PVC skirt attached and black PVC
tights, she asked me for my name and then ushered me inside before closing the
door.

She took my coat and then asked me to
sit down on the sofa before offering me a cup of tea. I declined her offer of a
cup of tea explaining that I had already had a cup before leaving the house.

The woman accepted my declination and
proceeded to explain the reason for the meeting.

She started off by explaining that this
would be an adult to adult conversation and that I should not be ashamed of
anything she and I was going to say. She had originally heard about my
“experiences” from a message she had read which I posted on a adult
orientated newsgroup many years ago. She had tried to contact me on several
occasions but her e-mails were bounced back to her. It was only recently she had
been able to locate me courtesy of one of my own working colleagues which had
unknowingly disclosed my address to her.

She took my hand, pulled me up from the
sofa and led me towards a door in the corner of the room, stairs led downwards,
I resisted at the top of the stairs but she tightly held my hand and led me down
the stairs locking the door behind her. When we had
reached the bottom of the stairs she pressed a button on the wall the some
lights came on. I noticed several ropes hanging down from the ceiling, a large
steel cabinet sitting in the corner of the room, a few tables here and there, a
wooden bench over one side of the room and  and several bags on the floor over the other side.
She told me to remain where I was whilst she walked over to one of the tables
and pulled it across the floor towards me. I looked down at the contents of the
table and noticed what appeared to be a leather hood and an electric shaver on
the table. She picked the shaver up and plugged into into a power socket, she
pressed a button on the shaver and started shaving all the hair off my head, I
looked down as the hair fell to the floor. She continued shaving until I had no
hair left on my head. She ran her hand over my shaven head and smiled to
herself. She unplugged the shaver from the wall and returned it to the table.
She then picked up the leather hood and asked me whether I'd seen one before, I
shook my head. 

She smiled and said “That this
particular hood has a leather neck corset attached to it, she continued talking
about the hood, explaining that the hood zips up at the back of the head from
the top of the head downwards, and the corset laces up around the back of the
neck. She moved closer to me unzipping the leather hood and removing the laces
from the neck corset, then she told me to kneel down on the floor.
She pulled the hood over my head and lined it up properly before zipping it up
around the back of my head, the hood felt tighter and tighter as the zip was
pulled closed, then she starting lacing the neck corset up around the back of my
neck. What she failed to tell me was that the hood contained no mouth holes, so
I was now unable to speak, all that came out were muffles. The neck corset
contained one metal ring at the front to which she attached one end of a chain,
the other end was attached to a ring on the wall. She walked away from me and
over to the bench at the other side of the room, that's when I lost sight of
her. I heard the noise of screeching which was due to her pulling the bench
across the floor. She told me to remain on all fours as she unlocked the chain
from the neck corset and led me over to the bench. She pulled me onto the bench
telling me to lay on my back with my legs together. She walked over to a bag and
pulled out several leather straps. She walked back over to me and placed one
strap across my forehead and secured it so I could not move. She placed another
strap around my waist securing both my arms beside me, again she made sure that
the strap was secure so I could not move an inch, another strap was secured
around my knees so I could not bend my knees and finally another leather strap
was secured around my ankles.

I was now secured to the bench from top
to bottom by thick leather straps. From the small eyelets in the hood, I could
just about see her as she walked over to another bag on the floor and picked up
a large plastic bag. The bag was clear and when opened up was very very large.
She placed the bag close to the bench and walked away, I was unable to see where
she had gone and what she was doing but I heard a banging sound in the distance,
the banging sound happened 4 times, I was not sure what she was doing.
A short time later I heard something being pulled across the floor. I tried to
see what was going on but could not see anything. A short time later I felt a
sharp pain shooting up both of my feet, the pain was incredible and like nothing
I had ever felt before.
The woman re-appeared above me.. “Oh I almost forgot to mention, steel spikes
have just shot into each of your feet and up into your legs, the pain should die
off soon, I just thought I would let you know that you are secured by your feet
to a specially designed table, before the spikes entered your feet I also I
covered the table with an industrial strength solvent which means your feet are
secured to the table in two ways. Oh, and I also forgot to mention, they will
never be released”
By now I was screaming in pain, the woman was still leaning over me and said
“I'm not finished with you either, I am borrowing something which belongs to a
great friend of mine, it is a special type of oven, you might have seen it when
you first came down here. From the outside it looks like a steel cupboard but on
the inside it's a completely different world” - That's when I remembered
seeing the steel cupboard in the corner of the room, the first time saw it I did
think to myself that it appeared to be much larger than cupboards I've seen in
the past.
She walked away from me and I heard the noise of the clear plastic bag which I
remembered seeing earlier, I did not know what she was doing, but unknown to me
she had planned to encase my entire body within the plastic bag. She removed the
chain from the metal ring on my neck corset and then I felt the bench slowly
tilting upwards, as it moved upwards, the pressure on each of my feet became
more and more intense, finally the bench stopped moving and I found myself in a
standing position, I was mounted on top of a small table by industrial solvent
applied to the table causing each of my feet to be firmly bonded to it, my feet
were also secured to the table by long steel spikes which had been forced up
though a couple of small holes in the bottom of the table and into each of my
feet and up into each of my legs. 

The woman walked back to the another
corner of the room, and was fiddling with what appeared to be a small step
ladder, she carried it over to where I was standing and stepped up the ladder,
she began to remove the leather strap securing my forehead to the bench,  she removed the clasp and the strap became loose, she pulled
the strap out from behind the bench and threw it down onto the floor. She
stepped down from the ladder and walked over towards the wall pulling a thick
heavy chain back towards me, the chain was in a pulley system and moved across
the ceiling on a rail as she pulled it. She stepped back up onto the ladder and
connected a metal hook on the end of the chain to a large metal loop on the end
of the bench just above me head. The stepped back down from the ladder and
walked over to the wall, she pulled the chain downwards a couple of time and
then padlocked one of the links in the chain to another steel hoop which was
sticking out of the wall, she tugged on the chain a couple of times to ensure
that the bench remained in an upright position.
She then walked back over to me and started to release the leather strap around
my ankles, again she removed the clasp and the strap became loose, she pulled
the strap out from behind my ankles and threw it down onto the floor.

She walked from me and it was a little
while before she returned. Whilst she was gone I took the opportunity to another
look around the room and take in as as much as the eyelets on the leather hood
would allow me to see.  I glanced
over to the metal cupboard in other corner of the room again and noticed a large
handle on the side and a small dial just below the handle which I had not
noticed before, I was now assured that I was not looking at any normal cupboard.

She walked back over to me carrying the
plastic bag which she had removed from another bag on the floor earlier. She
stepped onto the ladder and moved the plastic bag towards my hooded face,
“this bag isn't made of your normal ordinary plastic by the way” she said,
“it's made of a very thin plastic which moulds to things under medium heat”

Although what she had just said had sent
a shiver down my spine, it had also excited me too. I started trying to put 2
and 2 together, firstly she mentions a thin plastic bag which moulds to things
under medium heat? I didn't take me long to come to the conclusion that at some
stage I would be taking a trip to the metal cabinet in the corner of the room.
She lifted the bag up above my head opening it up, and then pulled it down
encasing my entire body within the plastic bag.
She got down from the step ladder and carried it back over to one of the corners
in the room, and picked up something from one of the tables in another corner of
the room. She walked back over to me carrying what appeared to be a roll of
tape, she knelt down at my ankles gathering the bottom of the plastic bag
together and winding tape around the bottom of the bag several times until she
had at least 10 layers of tape around the bottom of the bag securing it firmly.
She walked away from me placing the roll of tape back down on the table and then
proceeded to walk over to the steel cupboard in the corner of the room. She
looked at the dial underneath the handle on the side of the cupboard and then
pulled the handle down. The heavy front door of the cupboard began to open
slowly, whilst the door opened she continued to check the dial on the side.
Eventually the door was now fully open, revealing the inside of the cupboard, at
the back was what appeared to be the plastic shell of a human figure, after
examining the front of the door from where I was standing, it appeared that
there was also another plastic shell of the human figure within the front door.
It appeared the plastic shell was in two halves, the back of the shell was in
the rear of the cupboard and the front of the shell was within the large heavy
door.
The woman walked back to me, “it's a good thing this table is on wheels” she
said to herself, as she walked behind me and started pushing the table towards
the metal cupboard, as I was moved closer I was able to make out that the
plastic shells were slightly off the floor and all the way around the bottom of
the cupboard was a small ridge. She continued to move me closer towards the
cupboard, just as she was about to push me into the cupboard she turned the
table around, so I now had my back to the back of the cupboard, She slowly eased
the table into the cupboard ensuring that the edges of the table slotted into
the ridges around the bottom of the cupboard. I felt the back of my body
squeezed slightly into the plastic shell behind me as she forced the table
further into the cupboard, until she could not push the table any further.
She walked away from the cupboard, and started pulling the big heavy door
closed, I noticed within the plastic shell on the back of the door slight
indentations, firstly a few facial features, eyes, nose and mouth, the thing
which startled me the most was that this shell appeared to be female as it was
complete with breasts. Slowly the amount of light I could see became less and
less, the big heavy door continued to close until the plastic shell in front of
me started to squeeze the front of my body until the door was completely closed
and I was entirely cocooned within a plastic shell.
I heard a loud clank from the side of the cupboard as the mystery woman locked
the front door closed. Suddenly I started hearing whirring sounds and began to
feel the temperature rising. What I didn't realise is that the plastic cocoon I
was encased in had heating elements running throughout it and as the elements
started to heat, the plastic bag encasing me was going to mould around my entire
body and as the plastic melted and moulded all over me, the plastic cocoon would
start pressing tighter and tighter against the front and back of me, and could
feel the temperature rising all the time.
I don't know how long I was standing there, but the next thing I remember, was
that I was still standing encased within the plastic cocoon, but was no longer
feeling any heat around me, in fact the temperature was completely the opposite
and I was feeling quite cold, I could still not see anything and could not move
a muscle. I heard a loud clank again from the side of the cupboard and slowly
the big heavy front door started to open. As it opened the pressure in front and
behind me eased off slightly but I was completely unable to move. The door
eventually opened, and I could see light again, although it was very blurred. I
tried to move my fingers but could not. The woman was still present, or at least
I think it was the same woman, but this time a man was present as well. The
woman started pulling the table out of the cupboard, once she was clear of the
cupboard the man helped move the table as well. They both pushed the table into
another room which I had not seen before and in the middle of the room was a
large plastic enclosure with several pipes located in different places, some
above the enclosure some on either side and some at the bottom. The man walked
over to the enclosure and opened the door, then he walked back to the table and
helped the woman push the table into the middle of the enclosure.

Once they were both happy with the
positioning, they both walked out of the enclosure closing the door behind them.

“Well” the man said.
“What colour shall we go with?” the man asked.
“How about a standard skin colour?” the woman responded.
“Perfect” the man exclaimed.
The man and the woman both walked over to a console beside the far wall and
pressed a few buttons. Within 5-10 seconds hissing noises started and liquid
started spraying out of all the pipes around the enclosure, covering my entire
body from head to toe. Even if I could have seen something before entering the
enclosure, I could not see anything now. The spraying continued for what seemed
to be hours before the hissing stopped and I could feel the table being moved
again.
I heard tapping noises all over me, the plastic had solidified whilst I was
cooling down in the cupboard and now I was just a plastic object, a mannequin,
like any you would see in a shop window or in a store display.
I could hear muffled noises around me, breathing was starting to get difficult
since coming out of the cupboard, the plastic had covered my nose and the
spraying had hardened over the plastic. I heard a scraping noise and then air
filled my nasal passages again. I could breath again.
The spray had completely obscured my vision, and now I could not see anything at
all. I visualised myself as a naked plastic mannequin waiting to be dressed for
display.

I faintly heard the sound of another
woman, she sounded quite young, I could tell she was talking to a man, possibly
the same man I had seen earlier on. I could tell they were walking towards me as
I could hear what they were saying a little bit clearer as they got closer.   
“Here you are” the man said

“I have a brand new female for you
today, recently sprayed” the man continued.
“Female?” I thought to myself, then I dawned on me, the shell which cocooned
me was female, I remembered seeing the breasts just before the front door
closed.

“Thank you so much”, the young girl
replied.

“If you put it out the back with the
others, I'll get it dressed later today” she continued.
“Fine” the man responded, and wheeled the table into the back room

The man returned to the young girl
moments later, “oh yeah I forgot to mention, just a couple of things, the legs
do not detach on this model so I thought I'd just let you know in case you tried
removing the feet” the man said.
“Thank you for telling me” the girl replied.
“And finally, this model is made with a new type of plastic which is much
heavier than the plastic used on the old style mannequins, this makes them
tougher so that they last longer, so you will probably need some help when
moving this one around, the mannequins base is mounted on wheels so you can move
it about” the man continued.
“That's great, thanks very much for all your info” the young girl replied.
“Your welcome” the man responded, he placed the relevant delivery paperwork
in front of the young girl, which she signed, the man gave her a copy of the
paperwork for her records before he walked out of the shop.
