---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: While the roommates slept
authors:
- Tobe Trashy
tags:
- Solo-M
- outdoor
- bagged
- public
- garbage
- trash
- trashcan
- 'true'
- cons
- X
date: 2018-05-09 00:00:00
---

This is a past story that happened many years ago. It is a true story of one of my very first trash experiences.

Over a period of several months, I had been keeping an eye on the trash bins on the side of the house to see if it was feasible to get inside of one some day. I had read many of the stories on this website about trash bags and really liked the idea, it was just a matter of finding the right place to try it.

The bins on the side of the house were the standard wheeled ones provided by the city. They were plenty big to fit inside of. They were on the side of the house on the walkway up to the front door. They were slightly exposed to the neighborhood, but still somewhat hidden only because they were a few feet back from the front. People who would walk by directly in front of the house, could easily see the bins, but they were hidden if you weren't directly in front. The street didn't have much through traffic other than the houses on that block. The neighbors across the street could see them easily from any window or if they were out front.

Since it was so exposed, it didn't seem feasilbe. It would only work if it were very early in the morning or late in the evening that the neighbors would be less likely to be out or could not see anything. The weather would have to just right, my 3 roommates would have to be gone, the trash bins would have to be empty enough, and I would have to be in the mood to do it. Since I never knew my roommate's schedules, it made it difficult.

One day I woke up really early in the morning and couldn't go back to sleep. I had about 2 hours before I had to be at work. The sun was just coming up and I didn't hear a peep from anyone in the neighborhood for quite awhile. I was feeling very interested in something kinky. My roommates were sound asleep and I knew they had stayed up late the night before and wouldn't be waking up early like I did. I knew they were all home and that none of them had work early.

I thought about the trash idea as one of several ideas to do. The timing was right, so I thought it would be a good idea to see how feasible it could be to do at all. When I got out there, I noticed the weather was perfect out. I got out to the bins and looked around to see how much my neighbors could see. They had their window shades pulled shut and didn't look like they could spot me easily. I pulled open the lid, looked inside. There were just a few pieces of trash, nothing big and nothing to make any kind of noise. The other can was full and trash day was the following day.

I thought about how I would be able to climb in without anyone seeing me. The trash can faced away from the street so the lid opened away from the street. When opening the lid, I saw that there was only a small crack at the hinge of the can that people could see through and see me moving, which could easily be seen as me just rummaging through my trash. I saw that I could easily climb up onto another can and down into this one, and there were little ledges to use inside to climb back out. It looked like I would be in and out within about 10-15 seconds each. That made it seem very plausible because that's a small amount of time to get caught. And the lid blocked most of anything anyone would see unless my roommates happened to come out.

I went back inside and thought about it. After a bit, I decided that I would give it a test run walk through to see if I could get up onto one can and inside the other easily enough. I thought that doing this test would be fast enough that no one would likely see me, and I could discover any issues I didn't think about. If anyone did see, they would just wonder what their neighbor was doing!

So I went and grabbed a trash bag and went back out to the can. I was still in just a pair of boxers and a t-shirt. By this time, the sun was coming up and it was getting lighter out. I knew I didn't have much time before any neighbors would be walking their dogs and going to work.

So I pulled open the lid, perched myself up on the other bin, and stopped to contemplate if it was feasible enough to hop in. It looked really easy, so I just hopped inside and closed the lid. Wow, that was easy!

I then sat and thought for a minute. It didn't sound like anyone could hear me or know I was inside. It felt real, like I could really do it, which got me excited and even more in the mood. So at this point, I just decided it was the perfect setup and I might as well just do it.

I quickly stripped down to my birthday suit, putting my clothes aside into a small bag I brought inside. It wasn't easy to remove my clothes in such a tight space, but I did. I opened the trash bag and started to put my feet into it. Then I realized how much noise the bag was making, a lot! I hoped my roommates or next door neighbors wouldn't hear the bag rustling and think there was a raccoon inside and come check. The thought of being caught just pushed me quicker to jump inside and hide in the bag. Instead of a long and drawn out noise fest, I would just do a quick spurt of noise and get inside as quickly as possible.

So I pushed my way in, sat on my butt and pulled the bag up around me while I clinched my legs to my chest. With some effort, I was done quickly, and pulled the bag over my head while gathering the ends together to pull it shut. I stopped just before pulling it shut and listened to the neighborhood for a minute, hearing if anyone was walking by or getting in their cars yet. After about 10 seconds or so, I heard something from across the street. I heard a car door open and rustling about. Then nothing for awhile. Then I heard the car door shut and the sound of faint footsteps. It must have been my neighbors across the street getting something from their car and probably going back inside.

After listening awhile longer and hearing nothing, my adrenaline was pumping a lot. Since I was already way in over my head at this point, with the definite possibility of the neighbors across the street coming out just as I get out. I would have to wait 10 minutes or so to make sure they were gone. So I decided to just conntinue on and tie the ends all the way shut from the inside.

There I was, tied inside of a 55 gallon trash bag inside of a trash bin, somewhat exposed to the neighborhood, and just after my neighbors were outside with the ability to see my bin easily. That alone got my heart racing at the thought of being caught. I thought about whether my neighbors heard or saw and might any second come look inside the can, but only to see a tied bag of garbage! Or my roommates would wake up early and just happen to take out the kitchen trash to put into my bin, since it was trash day the following day.

I then realized people might be wheeling their trash cans out to the curb that day for the following day's pickup. I immediately thought about what would happen if my roommates came out to throw away the trash and then decide to wheel the bins out to the curb with me inside! What would happen then? I couldn't just get out of it in the middle of the street! I would have to wait all day until nightfall to get out then. And I would miss work, likely getting called a lot wondering where I was. Well the possibility existed, which got my adrenaline flowing even more.

The air in the bag was starting to run thin and my inhaling caused the bag to move the bag in and out.

As I thought more about the possibility of being discovered or being moved out to the curb, I got more and more excited. It didn't take long until I was rustling the bag quite a bit moving around enjoying myself. The bag started clinging to me as my sweat built up and the air ran lower. In and out, the bag breathed as I did. The more it clinged, the more it rustled.

After a bit of playing around in the bin, I decided I had enough and should think about my exit strategy. I started opening the bag. It was then that I realized my sweat had made the bag cling to my body so much that I started making even more noise now than when I was getting inside. After getting most of the bag down enough to be able to get out of the can, I opened the lid a crack. I carefully looked out the slit to see if anyone was around. Nothing, no one. And no noise that I could hear of. As I climbed out and closed the lid, I looked around and didn't see or hear anyone. I went back inside and hoped my roommates weren't walking around the house and smell my stench or ask where I was! I quickly went to my room, removed my clothes, and hopped in the shower. Trash bin adventure success!

I do not live at that house anymore and was not able to try it out again. I was thinking to try it again but be tied up somehow, but never got the right timing or mood to do it. This happened many years ago. Since then I've had many other different advantures, some that I will share later.
