---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/how_had_I_gotten_here.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: How had I gotten here?
authors:
- Mike McGill
tags:
- F/m
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2002-06-09 00:00:00
---

8
8
How had I gotten
here?
by Mike McGill

This is actually the 4th
bondage story i've written. I think its the better of the four. They were
originally for my girlfriend. I hope you enjoy this one, and i hope to
see it on your site.

 The hot morning sun
beamed down on the back of my neck. I came to with a massive headache and
a dry mouth. What had happened the night before? I couldn't remember a
thing. The inside of my mouth tasted like it had been pressure washed with
some satanic mix of tequilla and gasoline. Man, did my head hurt. I was
sitting in a chair, wearing only my boxers, in the middle of a seedy hotel
room I had never seen before. I tried to get up but my hands and feet were
firmly handcuffed to the legs of the chair. How had I gotten here? Why
was I tied to a chair?

At first I thought maybe
I had made the mistake of mouthing somebody off that I shouldn't have,
and this was going to be the last of me. But that, along with every other
thought in my head, flew out the window the second she walked into the
room. She was a 5 foot 3 inch knockout, dressed to kill, and knowing me,
she was probably going to. But that was the furthest thing from my mind.
She came in from the bathroom wearing a tight red corset that excentuated
her small, but ample, breasts. Silky, sheer black stockings wrapped her
legs up to the middle of her thighs. Big, black, leather boots, with at
heel at least 4 inches high, cradled her feet and calves. From what I could
see, she wore no panties. She was absolutly stunning. She had firery red
hair, that just covered her shoulders, and a small black choker embrassing
her lovely neck. I was speechless.

She said nothing as she slowly
walked over to me. Her eyes never left mine, as she got on her knees in
front of me. She reached for something underneath my chair, and pulled
out a small, but by the looks of it, very sharp knife. The expression on
my face didn't change, but a bead of sweat fell from my forehead, and ran
down my cheek. She smiled an evil smile, and brought the knife down towards
my most prized possesion. I closed my eyes in horror. I couldn't watch.
I heard the sound of fabric tearing, and before i knew it, i was completely
naked. She looked up at me, mocking me with her eyes, smiling. I hadn't
noticed, but i had been holding my breath. I let out a sigh of relief,
then a sudden gasp of surprise, as she took my limp cock and balls in her
warm hands. My dick became instantly hard as she began to rub and caress
it. She looked up at me, as if waiting for some sort of sign to proceed.
I gave a quick nod. That was all the encouragement she needed.

Before i knew what was what,
she had my cock planted in her hot, wet mouth, sucking on it like there
was no time to lose. As she furiously sucked my cock deep into her mouth,
her left hand was busy fondling my balls, rolling them back and forth,
lightly squeezing them, as her right hand roamed freely over the rest of
my body, squeezing my leg here, and pinching my nipple there. It was heaven.
Pure ecstacy. And the loader I moaned, groaned and yelled, the harder and
deeper she sucked. She suddenly took both my balls into her warm lips,
sucking on them for a few seconds before licking up my hard shaft like
it was popsicle. I could feel the sensation in my gut. I was going to cum
soon. She must have had some sort of 6th sense about it, because no sooner
that it started, she stopped.

She got up off her knees,
and pulled her corset down far enough to expose a pair of the most beautiful,
and tantilizing pair of tits i had ever seen. She then hopped up on top
of me, straddling my rock hard cock. I felt it slip past her moist lips,
and she sighed quietly as it entered into her pussy. Being tied to the
chair how i was, i was unable to move, which left me at the mercy of this
beautiful woman. The thought of cumming only when she let me cum, only
made me harder and hornier. I leaned forward as much as i could, and sucked
one of her tits into my mouth. She let out a moan as i flicked and licked
her nipples with my tongue. She leaned into me, allowing me better access
to her upper body. I took her nipples, in turn, in between my teeth and
gave them a soft nibble. I kissed and licked her soft skin all the way
up to her neck and shoulders. She moaned softly, as she started to rock
back and forth on my cock.

She started to moan a little
louder, and rock a little faster. She planted her feet firmly on the ground,
just behind my chair, for better control, and start to really work it.
i could feel the base of my cock grind against her clit as she got going
faster and faster. She grabbed the back of the chair and started to rock
it so hard that i was sure we were going to topple over. She let out a
scream that i'm sure the rest of the hotel heard. "FUCK FUCK FUCK I"M CUMMING!!!"
As she arched her back, i buried my face into her tits, licking and biting
her nipples. I could no longer hold it in. I lifted myself of the chair
as much as i could, which wasn't all that much, stuffed my dick as far
in her as i could and let out a massive orgasm deep inside her. We must
have came quite a bit, because i could feel our mixed love juices running
down the back of my legs and across my balls.

As if nothing had happened,
she all of the sudden jumped up, got back on her knees and, once again,
took my softening cock into her mouth and started to lick it clean. Within
a few seconds, i was hard and ready to go again. Without any delay, she
turned facing away from me, and sat her sopping throbbing pussy back down
on my cock. There was no messing around this time. She wanted to come again,
and she wanted to come NOW. She slammed up and down on my shaft, my balls
bouncing up to hit her clit. She was screaming like I'd never heard before,
thrashing up and down on my dick. I wanted to grab her and throw her over
one of the two beds, take her from behind, and really give her something
to scream about.

She let out a yelp, and i
knew what next. "OH MY GOD I"M GONNA CUM AGAIN! CUM WITH ME!! FUCK FUCK
FUCK!" She started to fuck me harder and harder, I could feel her cum gush
from around my cock and run down my legs. I let out a loud groan, and shot
my load into her now soaking hole. I felt her body shudder, and she slumped
back against my chest, exhausted. A minute or two passed, and she got up
off me. She went to the closet and wrapped herself in a long trenchcoat.
Just before she walked out the door, she tossed a set of small keys into
my lap. Without a word, she smiled and left.

I looked down at the silver
keys in my lap, wondering how i was ever going to unlock myself. "Well...At
least my headaches gone."
.
