---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: First Spanking
authors:
- Jan Smith
tags:
- Sbf
- naked
- cuffs
- susp
- caught
- F/f
- bond
- bdsm
- spank
- nipple
- oral
- mast
- climax
- cons/reluct
- XX
date: 2004-04-10 00:00:00
---

Monica ,who is a pen pal of mine, had been practicing self bondage
for a while, and then one day Karen happened to come across her when she
was helpless. Both of them being new to bondage had shared a couple of
mild experience but were still in the awkward stage. This is the next step
in their saga.

\*\*\*\*\*

Monica and Karen sipped on their wine as they discussed the new experience
they had shared so far. Since Karen had found Monica tied in the garage (see [Helping her into Bondage](https://selfbound.net/storiesek/helping_into_bondage.html)), they had experimented
with some light bondage. Karen still felt awkward about it, but although
she was hesitant to even admit it to herself, had been turned on by having
Monica under her control. Monica described how she felt when she was bound and how thankful she
was to Karen for helping her live her fantasy. Karen confessed that she
enjoyed it and wanted to try more.

There was a long awkward pause and then Monica quietly asked "Karen.
If it isn't too much for you right now, do you think you could bring yourself
to spank me? I have read stories where spanking is involved and I think
I need to experience it."

Karen was a little taken aback and it took a few moments to answer.
Monica squirmed in her seat afraid she had offended her friend.

"I don't know." said a surprised Karen "I have never really thought
about it, and it is a pretty big step. I suppose I could give it a try,
but I don't know if. Oh what the heck. Sure I can. But are you sure?"

Monica sat thinking for a second and then said, "No, I'm not sure,
but the uncertainty is part of the turn on. The only way I will be sure
is if I try it, and once won't kill me. I really appreciate you doing this
for me and I hate to ask more of you, but would you mind if I am naked.
I would really like to do this all the way, in case I never do it again.
I know it is a lot to ask."

Karen thought about it for a moment. That first time when she had found
Monica, she had almost been naked. Although it had made her feel a little
self conscious, it was not at all displeasing. She was about to say that
Bra and panties was as far as she could comfortably go, but her hesitation
was leaving her and she said, "OK. I'll do it, but with the understanding
that if I don’t like it, you won’t expect this of me again. When will we
do this?"

Monica was so excited she could hardly talk, or was she so scared she
could hardly talk. It was decided that Monica would be in the garage ready
and waiting like she was found the first time.

"I will be there at 2:00, and you had better be ready" said Karen sternly
"If you're not prepared, your spanking will be worse or I may just leave.
I will decide then."

Monica was in the garage by 1:00 . She would not
be late. Carefully she set everything up. The ropes were tied to the ceiling
so her arms would be above her head and spread slightly. She stripped out
of her clothes, took her gag and tied it in place. She locked one wrist
cuff to the ring on the one rope. She pulled the blindfold over her eyes
and then slipped the lock for the other cuff through the ring. She must
have stood there for 5 minutes before she took a deep breath and snapped
the lock shut. This was it, now she could do nothing but wait.

Standing there she suddenly thought "What will she spank me with?"
She tried to remember what was in the garage that Karen might use on her
poor bottom. She had a leather belt on her pants, there were old ping-pong
paddles in a box in the corner, the bamboo plant stakes and of course,
there would be Karen's hand. "God! Please let her use her hand!" she thought
"Everything else will kill me!"

Monica stood there in her darkness. The suspense was terrible as the
time dragged by. She only had about a half hour to wait till Karen arrived
and she was sure that had passed long ago. Had something happened to her
and she couldn't make it. Monica had not used a release so she was stuck
there until someone found her. Her roommate was not due home until the
next morning and fear filled her that it would be her that found her helpless.
The thought of having to stand there all night was not near as terrifying
as the thought of being found by her.

"Please Karen!" she thought "Don't forget about me!"

Finally, after what seemed forever she heard the door open.

"Did you enjoy the extra time thinking about what is about to happen
to you?" chuckle Karen. It was a little after 3 and Karen had purposely
delayed her arrival to heighten the suspense. Karen stood back and admired
Monica's helplessness. It was a warm day and the heat was building in the
garage. Monica was already shinny with perspiration. Karen ran her hand
down Monica's back and over her ass causing her to jump.

"You are not tied to my liking!" complained Karen "That is going
to cost you!"

The rope on Monica's right wrist was adjusted and then the left so
that her arms were pulled higher forcing her onto her tiptoes.

"That's better." she said "and we’ll take off this nasty gag so that
I can hear your cries. Are you ready for me to begin?"

A feeble yes was all that came out of her lips. Monica was shaking.
Half with fear and half with anticipation.

"Smack"

The first blow fell across her back side. Then another and another until
a total of 10 had landed. Karen had stopped at an adult store and had bought
a soft leather strap. It made her ass sting but it was not unbearable. 
Karen held her by the hair and pulled her head back and whispered in
her ear. "I quite like this. You will receive your spanking in sets of
10. Shall I continue?"

"Yes please!" moaned Monica

10 more times the strap fell across her ass. With every lash, her ass
burned hotter and hotter. She squirmed and twisted, but tied as she was
she had very little movement. She hung there, knowing that Karen had stepped
back and was enjoying her suffering.

She felt Karen's hand on her ass and again she was asked "Do you want
more?"

And again she answered "Yes please!"

Karen stepped back and let a lash fall across her ass. A small shriek
escaped her lips now every time the strap did its work, and her feet would
come off the floor. Karen had not been sure what she would think of this,
but now seeing Monica's body twisting in front of her was a real turn on.
The heat of the garage and the effort of the whipping caused streams of
sweat to roll down her body. At the end of this set of ten, Monica was
almost screaming and hung limply, waiting for Karen's next request. Her
arms ached and her ass was on fire. That was it, she could take no more.
The pain in her ass was one thing, but the fire between her legs was another.

Karen moved up and brushed against her, and she felt a naked breast
against her back. The feeling was like a charge of electricity shooting
through her. The thought of a naked Karen swinging the strap was almost
more than she could stand. That damn blindfold. She would love to see her
naked antagonist.

Again the question came "Another ten sweetie?"

"NO! Please no more! Please stop, I can't take any more! Please stop!"
That is what she intended to say, but when she opened her mouth to speak,
she heard herself say, "Yes please, may I have another ten."

Had she lost her mind. She screamed every time the strap landed and
lights flashed through her head. Karen was getting more enthusiastic with
the strap, the more she got turned on. It seemed like forever before the
tenth lash landed.

"Please no more!" moaned Monica even before the question was asked
of her. "Please Karen! Stop!"

Karen reached up and started to untie her wrists. "A deal is a deal
sweetie, but I will admit, I am enjoying watching you squirm."

"More!"

"What was that?" asked Karen.

Monica summoned all her courage and said, "I am sorry Karen! I have
no right to say no. Please use me as you wish. I am yours to use and you
should decide when I have had enough. Please punish me for being weak!"

There was no hesitation and the strap fell across her ass again. Again
and again it fell. Monica was shrieking steady now and the lashes kept
coming. How many she did not know, but 10 had long since passed.

Finally, they stopped and all was quiet. A stool was slipped under her
feet and she stepped on it, giving relief to her tortured arms. She stood
their sobbing softly.

"I'm going to go use your shower, and then I will decide what to do
with you." said Karen and she left.

Monica stood there in the silence. Was it over? Would there be more?
She stood there waiting. God, she wished Karen had released her arms so she could reach between
her legs.........

**Part Two**

Monica was in heaven as she stood quietly,
her hands still tied over her head. She had been so scared when she had
asked Karen to spank her. She thought back to when Karen had accidentally
found her almost naked,  in her garage, in her self imposed bondage.
She remembered being horrified at being discovered and how she babbled
and tried to explain to Karen what she was doing. Thankfully Karen did
not freak and even kept her tied and played the Mistress role a bit. They
had talked about Monica's fantasies and had even joined in some very light
bondage. Asking Karen to tie her naked and spank her had been a huge step
for Monica. Her fantasy of being dominated overcame her fear of offending
Karen. Karen had consented to trying it, and now Monica stood there with
a stinging ass and a fire burning between her legs.

It seemed like hours that she stood there waiting for Karen to return
and release her.  Karen had said that she was going to shower but
that would not take that long. Monica thought to herself that she was being
left for a while to savor the moment. Finally she heard her friend coming
in the door of the garage. Monica jumped as she felt the ball gag being
forced into her mouth, and before she could react the strap was secured
behind her head. What was going on? Damn that blindfold! she so wished
she could see. What was Karen doing?

The hand that ran up her belly to her breasts felt white hot. Monica
almost slipped off the stool she had been left standing on. The hand moved
down, around to her back and over her ass and then back to the front and
between her legs. Monica was shaking and moaning through her gag. She did
not know what Karen was doing, but she did not want it to stop. Her skin
burned where ever the hand traveled. She thought she would burst.

"Did you enjoy your little spanking" whispered Karen, her hands still
trailing over Monica's body.

Monica's head was swimming as she nodded yes. She felt Karen's hands
move up and start to undo her blindfold. She light made her blink, but
her eyes snapped wide open when she saw Karen standing naked before her.
Karen stepped behind her and reached around cupping her breasts while pushing
her own into Monica's back. Her legs were so weak she could hardly stand.

"I'll let you in on a little secret." said Karen "I enjoyed it too.
I would not of imagined how much I enjoyed it. In fact I don't think it
should end. I think that you would like more, but that doesn't really matter,
because you will get more regardless. While I was in the house I decided
that I did you a favor and now you will return it to me. We have the rest
of the weekend, and we should make good use of it."

Karen walked around and stood in front of Monica. Was it surprise,
dread, fear or excitement that filled Monica. She stood there and stared
at Karen's naked body. She felt terribly naked and exposed as Karen stood
there looking at her. Karen pulled a lawn chair from the corner of the
garage over in front of Monica and sat down. She just sat back and let
her gaze travel from Monica's head to her toes and back up again.

"You don't mind me having a little more fun, do you Monica?" asked
Karen.

Monica was still having trouble getting her thoughts together and just
stood there with her head hung slightly.

"I didn't think you'd mind." giggled Karen, "In fact I think you will
look forward to it. I did not know what to think when you asked me to beat
you and felt very uncomfortable, but once I saw you squirm under the lash I got very
turned on. You asked me to beat you so you could find out if you liked
it as much as you thought you might in your fantasies. I don't think that
you really had enough time to make a decision, so being the good friend
that I am, I have decided that you need the whole weekend to base your
decision on."

With that Karen stood up and slipped on the robe she had worn from
the house. She walked up to Monica and tied the blindfold back in place.
Karen grabbed a handful of Monica's hair and pulled her head back. Monica
could feel Karen's lips brush her ear as she whispered, "I have a little
preparation to do, so you can just wait here for me to return."

Monica heard the door to the garage close as Karen left. With her sight
taken away from her she could only stand there and listen to the silence.
Panic started to fill her as thoughts of what might be in store for her
filled her head. What terrible things might she be subjected to in the
weekend to come. She was friends with Karen, but did she really know her.
She had trusted her, but now she was beginning to have her doubts. She
had dreamed of being a slave and now she was, and changing her mind now
did not seem to be an option.

Her legs were beginning to tire and her arms ached from being tied
over her head. It had been hours since Karen had left. Being left alone
with her thoughts was worse than the spanking she had received earlier
and she reasoned that it was nothing compared to what she might expect
to come. She wished Karen would return to end the terrible suspense, but
at the same time she dreaded her return.

\* \* \* \*

It had been hours that she had stood there when she heard the key in
the garage door. She heard Karen come in and move around the room. She
tried to beg Karen to release her, but gagged as she was only garbled sounds
escaped her lips. Karen reached up and untied Monica's wrists from the
ceiling. Stepping down from the stool, Monica collapsed on the floor. It
felt like heaven to change position and stretch her tortured muscles. Her
freedom was short lived though as her arms were pulled behind her back
and her wrists were locked together. She was then pulled roughly to her
feet by Karen, or at least she hoped it was Karen.

"Lift your foot!" Karen commanded.

Monica lifted one foot and then the other and a pair of sweat pants
were pulled up to her waist. Then a sweat shirt was pulled over her head,
covering her bound arms. She was then led out the door and after a short
distance her legs bumped into the bumper of a car. With help she was forced
to climb into the trunk and the lid was closed over her. The car pulled
away and Monica lay there her imagination starting to get the best of her.
'What oh what had she got herself into.'

It was no more than 10 or 15 minutes till the car stopped and the trunk
was opened. With her hands tied behind her it wasn't easy, but with Karen's
assistance she managed to get out of the trunk and be led a short distance,
up a short set of stairs and through a door. From there she was carefully
helped down another set of stairs to what she could tell was a basement.
There she was forced to her knees on a blanket on the cement floor. There
she flopped over on her side, and lay there listening, trying to get a
grasp of what was happening. She wished she could ask what was to become
of her but the gag prevented that, and the blindfold prevented her from
seeing what was going on. She could hear Karen moving around but could
not make out from the sounds what she was doing.

Finally Karen came to her and she was helped to her feet and the sweat
shirt and pants were stripped from her. Her wrists were unlocked from behind
her back and forced over her head and secured to ropes from the ceiling.
She probably should have resisted more, but it happened so fast she didn't
have a chance. Also, Karen being so sports minded was considerably stronger
than her. Again she was ordered to lift her foot and she felt the silky
feel of a nylon being pulled up her leg. This was repeated with the other
leg and a guarder belt was attached around her hips and to the nylons.
Next a pair of cuffs were attached to her ankles and her legs were pulled
apart. Again she was left alone to stand in darkness.

There was a clicking sound and her arms were being pulled higher over
her head. Higher she went and her toes came off the floor and the ropes
tied to her ankles became taught and pulled her legs apart. She was lifted
until she was stretched into an X. The ropes pulled her so tight she could
hardly move.

Her blindfold was removed and there stood Karen. She was dressed in
Tight leather pants and a skimpy black Bra. She stepped in front of Monica
and stood there enjoying Monica's helplessness. She was playing with a
couple of shinny objects in her hands. Monica looked closer and saw a mean
looking set of nipple clamps. She had used clothes pins in the past to stimulate
her nipples and they had hurt enough. What would those clamps be like.

"I guess as a friend I had better give you one last chance to stop
this." giggled Karen. "If you really want me to stop, I guess I will,
but this is your last chance."

"STOP ! Please stop! Please let me go! Don't punish me any more!"
Monica yelled. Or at least that is what she tried to say. The gag that
so fully filled her mouth stopped all but some garbles and no word would
come out.

Karen stroked her hair and said "Oh isn't that nice. I did you a favor
and now you are ready to let me have more fun. That is very considerate
of you."

Karen stepped back and slipped one of her breasts out of her bra. She
took one of the clamps and clipped it to her own breast. Or at least she
started too. She hadn't even released the spring completely and she took
it off. "Owe ! Shit that hurts! Monica, Are you sure you want me to put
these on you?"

Monica shook her head, and twisted in her bounds and tried to twist
loose. Her eyes were wide, and mumbles and moans came from under her gag.
She tried so hard to beg but there was nothing she could do. Sweat was
already making her body glisten.

"OK OK settle down." said Karen "Don't get so excited. I'll put them
on you right away. I didn't think you'd want them that bad."

With that Karen walked up to Monica and took her left nipple and rolled
it between her fingers. Monica watched as the shinny clamp came towards
her nipple, and then came the searing pain. Even with the gag her scream
was quit audible in the room. Her scream hadn't even ended when the second
clamp went on her other nipple.  She twisted, and pulled on her shackles
and moaned. Finally she just hung there moaning.

Karen ran her hands over Monica's sweaty body and then flicked one
of the clamps making her jump.

"I'm glad you seem to be enjoying it." said Karen "Now we'll have
even more fun"

She walked over to the wall and started to turn a crank. The clicking
sound Monica had heard. Monica was pulled higher, but with her ankles anchored
she could not rise and was stretched tight as a fiddle string. When the
tension was to Karen's liking she stepped back in front of Monica and slipped
out of her bra leaving her naked to the waist. She reached down and picked
up the strap. With no hesitation she lashed Monica across her front, just
under her breasts. Again and again the lash fell. If the pain had not been
consuming her, Monica may have enjoyed the way Karen's breasts bounced
every time she swung the strap. She worked her way around Monica, not ignoring
any part of her body. Her ass, back, belly, thighs' and loins all received
attention. Monica tried to twist, but she was tied too tight and the gag
stopped most sound. Her whole body was on fire. On and on the punishment
continued. "STOP! oh Please stop! " she thought, but it didn't.

Through the haze that was overcoming her she saw Karen. She too was
covered in sweat from her efforts. She looked beautiful, smiling, her muscular
body glistening and her breasts bobbing as she swung the whip. Even with
the pain that was being inflicted on her Monica noticed the beauty of her
antagonist. How could she even think about anything but that cursed whip.
Then she realized she was feeling another sensation. A throbbing fire was
building between her legs. It seemed to grow with each lash, rising to
such intensity Monica thought she would go mad. She was sure she was going
to cum, and the sensation just kept building. Just when she thought she
could stand no more the spasms overcame her as she came. Her mind seemed
to leave her body.

The cement floor felt so cool on her skin. She tried to move but her
she was tied hand and foot, and she was still gagged and blindfolded. She
stretched her muscles and rolled to her side. She was so thankful that
the nipple clamps had been removed. Her muscles ached from hanging and
her skin was tender from the whipping. Even tied she could move a little
and stretch her poor muscles. She lay there enjoying the coolness of the
floor. Why was she still tied? Surely Karen was finished with her, but why
hadn't she released her? Maybe there was more torment to come. What else
could she do to her? Panic was starting to fill Monica, but to her horror,
that feeling between her legs was returning. How could this be making her
horney. She hated pain that had been inflicted on her, and yet she was
getting horny. She lay there slowly rubbing her legs together, and moaning
softly into her gag.

She did not know how long she had lay there when she heard Karen return
to the room. She could hear her moving around, and the scuff of furniture.
What was she doing? She could at least say something. The suspense was
terrible.

Finally she felt Karen's hands at her ankles and they were untied.
She was helped to a kneeling position and her hands were released and the
gag was removed. Oh, it felt good to move her jaw after being forced wide
by the gag for so long. Monica knelt there in darkness because the blindfold
was still in place. For some reason she made no move to remove it and just
knelt there.

"You may take of the blindfold." said Karen.

Monica blinked as the light hit her eyes and after a moment to let
them focus she saw Karen sitting naked in a chair in front of her sipping
on a drink. She just knelt there and stared at her friend. Strangely neither
hers or Karen's nakedness bothered her, in fact she found herself admiring
Karen's toned body. She made no move to get up or leave or cover herself.
She just knelt there and looked.

Karen leaned back and said "Have you had enough play time? Did I fulfill
your fantasy?"

"Oh yes Karen," replied Monica "thank you for all you have done."

There was a force in Karen's voice when she said, "You're quite welcome,
but do you really think that you should be calling me Karen. Do you think
you should be addressing me in another form?"

Monica swallowed hard and turned pink. That strange feeling was coming
over her again. She lowered her head and stared at the floor for a minute.
She took a deep breath and said, "Mistress. I'm sorry. I should be calling you Mistress Karen."

"Ah, very good !" said Karen " I know that I will enjoy being addressed
that way. Now we must discover what else you can do for me. You see it
has made me very horney whipping you, and I need relief. Now seeing as
I have no man here how do you think we might accomplish this?"

Monica didn't really know what to think about that strange question
and answered "No Mistress. I don't know."

"Think about it!" snapped Karen "Put your mind to it and I am sure
you can come up with a solution!"

Monica looked at her naked friend sitting in front of her. She was
confused and was unsure what to say. Suddenly it became clear to her what
Karen was hinting at.

"OH no!" wined Monica "You want me to do oral sex on you! Oh please
Karen, I can't do that! Please! I wo----can't do that to you! I just can't!"

With that Monica rolled herself into a ball on the floor. Her friend
wanted to eat her pussy. She could never do that, but that feeling between
her legs was returning.

Without another word Karen came to her and pulled her arms behind her
back and fastened her wrists together. Then the ropes that had held her
wrists were pulled down and attached to her ankle cuffs. Then Karen started
to twist on the crank. Slowly Monica's legs were pulled up into the air.
Higher until she rested on her shoulders and then finally she was totally
suspended upside down with her legs spread.

Karen picked up the strap and stood in front of her. "I am so disappointed
in you." she said and brought the strap down between Monica's legs right
on her unprotected pussy, " I thought you would like to please me after
all I have done for you."

Monica let out a squeal and jerked. The next one was a little harder
and then harder again. Monica twisted and yelled as she hung there being
pussy whipped. Monica could tell that Karen was not swinging as hard as
she had when she whipped her before, but her poor pussy burned like fire,
and the pain grew with each lash. With no gag she could yell and beg and
her screams filled the room.

"Pleeeeeaaase stop! Please no more! Please Karen ---Mistress Karen,
please stop! Please, Please stop!"

The lash kept falling and Monica twisted and begged and pleaded! As
Karen stood there feet apart and swinging the strap, Monica could look
up and see what was the cause of her pain. There just above her was Karen's
pussy.

"I'll eat you!" Monica screamed "Please I'll eat you! Just please stop!
Please Mistress let me lick your pussy! Please! No More I'll eat you! I'll
make you come! Oh please stop! I'll Lick you! I'll Lick you! Please oh
please stop!"

If Monica could do a upside down sit up she would be able to reach
that pussy with her tongue and the whipping would stop. Time after time
she tried to lift herself to Karen's pussy, but it was always out of reach.
She tried till she had no more strength left.

"Pleeeeeaaaaase stooooooooop!" she yelled " Please let me make you
cum! I'll eat you ! I'll lick you! Please let me lick your pussy! Pleeeeaaaaase!"

Finally the lash stopped and Monica hung limply

"Thank you mistress!" moaned Monica "Please let me lick you. Please
let me make you cum."

"I knew you really wanted too. " said Karen as she walked to the crank
and lowered Monica to the floor and removed all her bonds.

Monica struggled to her Knees and knelt there rubbing her poor pussy.
That feeling was starting to grow again and she closed her eyes and started
to moan.

"Stop that!" yelled Karen and Monica jerked her hand away. "I know
you already came once before I did and now you are trying to do it again!
That is not very considerate of you. You should have some form of punishment
for that. Don't you agree?"

Monica knelt there with her eyes closed and her arms at her sides wishing
she could finish what she had started.

"I am sorry Mistress!" Monica wined "I won't do it again! Please don't
punish me any more!"

There was a sound of something hitting the floor in front of her and
there lay the nipple clamps.

"Here are the clamps you like so much. " laughed Karen "Put them on
for me."

Wide eyed Monica picked up the clamps and held them in her hand. It
was only a very short while ago that she had worn them so the pain was
still fresh in her mind. She knew she must so she opened one of the clamps,
slid it over her left nipple and released the spring. It took all her will
power not to take it off. Small whines escaped her lips, but she did not
yell out too loudly. It took four tries before she managed to work up the
courage to release the spring pressure and secure the clamp to her right
nipple.

She forced her self erect and looked at Karen who was sitting in the
chair smiling "May I eat you now Mistress ?"

Karen just leaned back in her chair and motioned Monica forward with
her finger.

Monica crawled the few feet to her tormenter and buried her face between
her legs. She had only read about performing oral sex on a woman, but she
used everything she could remember. She pushed her tongue as deeply into
Karen's pussy as she could and then she licked, hoping she was doing a
pleasing job. It was only seconds and Karen was moaning and wiggling in
her chair. Just a minute later she had wrapped her legs around Monica's
head and was pulling her hair forcing her into her pussy hard. She came
so hard that her spasms caused the clamps on Monica's poor nipples to bounce
violently. Monica screamed but Karen's pussy was an effective gag. Monica
could not breath she was held into Karen's pussy so hard and Karen kept
shaking causing the nipple clamps to bounce even more. Finally Karen released
her grip and slumped back in her chair allowing Monica to slump to the
floor.

After a short while Karen nudged her with her foot and said "You have
done well and deserve a reward, so you may remove the clamps, or you may
make yourself cum. It is your choice."

There was no hesitation in Monica at all and her hands flew between
her legs. She rolled on to her back and with her eyes clamped shut she
rubbed herself violently. She squirmed on the floor and like Karen it only
took a minute and she was screaming as she had the most intense orgasm
of her life. The nipple clamps were forgotten as she gyrated on the floor
and screamed. When the orgasm subsided she lay there trying to catch her
breath.

\* \* \* \*

The hot water felt like heaven. Karen's breasts were like silk pushing
into her back as she sat between Karen's legs and leaned back on her chest.
The hot tub bubbled softly and the temperature was just right. Karen had
reached around and was softly rubbing Monica's tortured nipples. Her head
tilted back, resting on Karen's shoulder and her eyes closed, Monica relaxed
and enjoyed the soothing sensations. It should never end.

 Karen's breath was hot as she whispered in her ear "Did you enjoy
your little session? Was it what you had hoped for?"

"Oh yes!" sighed Monica "It was more than any fantasy I ever had! Thank
you so much for making it happen for me."

"I was afraid that I might have gone to far," said Karen "and hurt
you to much. Was it too much for you?"

"No." replied Monica " It was great! You did nothing that you should
worry about. I loved every minute of it. You were beautiful."

"Well if that is the case, " said Karen softly "next weekend I will
have to be a little more inventive."

Monica slid around in the hot water to face Karen, took her face in
her hands, and kissed her softly, and whispered "Yes Mistress!"

Jan

If you enjoyed my story please write me at [Jansmith555@hotmail.com](mailto:Jansmith555@hotmail.com) . Most of what I have written, my mistress has done to me and I hope that you have a mistress that will do it for you.

Monica. If you read this, don't give up on finding a mistress of your own so you can experience the bliss that I do.
