---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: This is Your Life
authors:
- Studbound
tags:
- MF-m
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2002-08-26 00:00:00
---

This is Your Life
by Studbound
This
is Your Life By Studbound
Paramiz Arkadian, who everyone
knew simply as Pat, was a happily married man, forty-five years old, who
lived in the Dallas area. Tall at over six feet, but muscular and dark,
he weighed about two hundred pounds, had black piercing eyes, and a warm
smile that immediately marked him as friendly and sociable. For a living,
he operated a resort in a secluded area south of the city – one that had
been generally very profitable. He had a wife, had been married for over
twenty years, and together they had three sons ranging in age from fourteen
to eighteen. His wife was a charming woman one year his junior. Her bright
blue eyes and delightful disposition made her popular and together the
Arkadians were socially active around the city.

In their private lives, the
Arkadians belonged to the Greater Dallas/Fort Worth Couples Bondage Society.
The club met monthly for discussions, demonstrations, workshops or potluck
dinners. At every other meeting, one member of each couple was expected
to arrive restrained in some way. The big annual event was the general
meeting during which one member of the club was singled out for recognition
of some sort. Nobody knew who the "guest of honor would be," and the person
selected was always surprised and honored in some way.

At the last annual meeting,
the Arkadians along with about three hundred other club members gathered
in the small auditorium which they rented at a recreation center in one
of the city’s suburbs. There they sat attentively as the club carried on
its business which was managed quickly by the club president, a woman named
Josephine Vernadski who was helped by her husband, Vladus. Then Josephine
turned the meeting over to the entertainment committee and everyone waited
to see who would be tapped as the guest of honor that night. It was, of
course, Paramiz Arkadian.

Everyone cheered when Thomas
Shimler read out the name and two committee members escorted the somewhat
embarrassed, and clearly reluctant, Pat Arkadian up onto the stage and
then off into the wings.

"While he’s being prepared,"
said Shimler; "I will let you know that tonight we are going to present
Pat with the telling of his life story. It will be our rendition of ‘This
Is Your Life.’ We have brought together some of Pat’s friends from throughout
his life and together we will tell you his story. Getting him ready has
taken a little longer than we thought, said thomas Shimler stalling with
a few jokes. "The crew tells me that Pat is resisting a little, but they
are dealing with him." There were a few more pauses, and then Shimler got
a signal from another crew member.. "And now, I think he’s ready so if
the committee will bring him out."

Three committee members slowly
maneuvered a chair on wheels out onto the stage. Sitting on it was Paramiz
Arkadian – stripped to a black leather thong, bound in a tan canvas straitjacket,
gagged with a large red ball gag, legs held with binders and strapped into
the chair so that he could only wiggle and squirm. When the audience saw
the guest of honor, they cheered, whistled and clapped. Pat looked back
and squirmed and wiggled straining against the bonds and probably would
have protested had it not been for the gag.

"Pat Arkadian," shouted Thomas
Shimler, "This is your life!" Everyone cheered again.

"You were born right here
in Dallas forty-five years ago to Maria and Omar Arkadian who themselves
has immigrated to the United States from Turkey only five years earlier.
You grew up an only child in a downtown part of Dallas where you had a
number of friends among the neighbors."

At that point an off-stage
voice came over the public address system: "Pat was my best friend for
years. We went to school together, and I was the first person who Pat ever
tied up. We started with a little rope, and in time progressed to where
Pat could have me hog-tied and gagged in a matter of minutes."

"Yes, Pat, It’s your old
friend and playmate, Donald Schultz."

Don Schultz ran out from
the wings, went over to Pat, patted him on the back, and smiled. "I will
never forget the many times we played tie-up games. Always it was me who
Pat trussed up, and sometimes he left me for my older sister or mother
to untie. Sometimes I had to stay overnight at his house when my parents
were away, and always Pat kept me bound and gagged all night. He really
became an expert at how to tie people up."

"Did you ever turn the tables
and tie Pat up?" asked Thomas.

"Never. Pat was the one with
the rope and the tape. I often said I should tie him up sometime, but it
never seemed to happen. But he was good to me, and I liked it when he bound
me, so I didn’t complain."

"You moved away just about
the time the two of you would have gone to high school didn’t you?" asked
Thomas

"Yes, it was sad. We almost
never saw each other after that. I missed Pat and our games, but my parents
had to move."

"Then Pat went to high school
where he met Celia."

"Pat and I were close right
from the start," came the off-stage voice. "There was just something about
him that I loved."

"It’s your wife, Celia, who
you met in high school."

"Pat and I dated for all
four year that we were at Wilson High School. Teen-aged sweethearts from
the start and to the present. And he slowly taught me to adore bondage.
I can’t tell you how many times we went out with me sitting next to him
in the car with me tied and gagged. I always wondered what people would
think if they saw me. We would go to some secluded place and make-out and
… well, you know. You see, Pat had a car which was nice. It wasn’t much,
but it got us around. He earned the money working on odd jobs, and it was
great to have a way to get off by ourselves. And best of all, Pat taught
me the magicof the tight crotch rope. Sometimes if his folks were away,
he would bind and gag me and leave me in his basement to enjoy the crotch
rope while he went off to work. I just adored him."

"And you’ve been happily
married now for over twenty years?"

"Yes – twenty-one happy years
and three wonderful sons."

"Well, we’ll get to them
a bit later. Did you ever tie Pat up?

"Oh, never. He convinced
me that bondage was something that men did to women, not the opposite.
I’ve been happy with that arrangement."

"Next, you and Pat went off
to college."

"I was Pat’s roommate in
the dormitory," came a new off-stage voice. "I knew Pat liked bondage right
from the start. He had copies of magazines showing men and women tied and
gagged in so many different ways, and he extolled the pleasures of tight
inescapable bondage. Finally I let him bind and gag me once, and I liked
it. After that, whenever Celia was going to pay a visit, Pat would tie
me up, hog-tie me, gag me, blindfold me, and leave me on my bed while he
and Celia had private moments on his side of the room. Over the four years
that we shared that room in the dorm, I lost count of how many nights I
slept in blissful bondage thanks to Pat."

"It’s your college room-mate
– Corry Robinson, here from New York."

Corry came out onto the stage
where he stood next to Pat and went on, "Pat was the founder of the University’s
bondage club and before our four years were over we had a membership of
over seventy-five men and women. It was quite a success. Pat gave lessons
on how to properly bind and gag your partner, and he was good at it. We
all learned a lot from him and I understand that the club is still there
with over two hundred members now."

"Yes, and many of the past
members are now members of this organization – right audience?"

There were shouts and cheers
from throughout the audience indicating agreement.

"Pat and Celia married during
their last year at the University, and Pat got a job working for a travel
agency."

"Yes, Pat came to work with
us, and he also introduced everyone in the office to bondage. Some found
it distasteful, but most soon became involved. I remember one office party
where he used some of the secretaries as decorations, tying them up with
their hands over their heads, stripped to thongs, scattered around the
room. Of course, we all adored Pat, and wondered what he would come up
with next."

"It’s your fellow-worker,
Irma Gonzales."

Irma, a stout woman, moved
out from the wings, and stood next to Pat. "Pat really kept things moving
in the office, and he taught us about nude beaches, gay cruises, and places
where we could send bondaage-inclined clients to people who would treat
them to a few hours or a few days of bondage and discipline. I remember
when he sent me on a surprise vacation to a male dominant who kept me bound
for forty-eight hours! It was wonderful."

"Did any of you ever tie
Pat up?" asked Thomas.

"No, it’s always been Pat
who did the tying. He’s so good at it that we let him show us his talents."

"At home," Thomas continued,
"Pat and Celia had three boys."

"I remember the first time
I went into the bedroom and found mother all tied up. I was maybe five
or six years old. Dad explained that it was a game that they played, and
that she wasn’t hurt, but having fun. I wanted to have fun too, but Dad
said I had to wait until I was a little older. At age twelve, he tied me
up for the first time. My little brothers were green with envy which made
me even happier. And it was a celebration for each of us – on our twelfth
birthday we got to be tied up by Dad. I was sixteen when all three of us
sat bound and gagged in chairs together for the first time. Dad really
knew his stuff when it came to binding us – never did any of us escape."

"It’s your oldest son, John
and his brothers Jack and Jim."

The three handsome boys walked
out on the stage to their father’s side, each kissing him on the forehead
when they got to his chair.

"I was the last to get to
have dad tie me up," said Jim. "I was so unhappy when I saw how much my
older brothers liked it but Dad had that rule – no tie-ups until we were
twelve. Then we started tying each other up too, but nobody did it like
Dad did."

"Did you ever see your father
tied up?"

"Never," said all three boys
together. "It was always us or mother who spent time bound and gagged.
But we enjoyed it, and nobody ever complained."

"And that’s what got Pat
thinking – the combination of the joy others had for bondage and his work
at the travel agency. Taking a risk, Pat got a hefty loan and bought a
run-down camp a few miles out in the country. He turned it into a resort
which advertised ‘forced relaxation.’ Pat staffed it with young men and
women who would take guests, and see to it that while at the resort they
had no choice but to relax while they were on the premises."

"We welcome our guests when
they arrive, and then take away their clothes, leaving them in a very brief
thong. Next, depending on their request which is submitted before they
arrive, along with a long questionnaire, they are restrained and kept that
way for the duration of their stay. We offer other services too – of a
very personal nature. We’ve built up a steady clientele now of over five
hundred people who come back again and again, sometimes more than once
a year. And there are always new people showing up – sometimes for one
and two weeks or even longer."

"Here she is, Madori Mikimoto
who manages your resort."

The elegant Japanese women
walked slowly out onto the stage, bent over and kissed Pat on the forehead.
"We have a staff now of twenty men and women who take care of clients,
and I must say, we do a wonderful job. It’s been a great success."

"Does Pat ever come to the
resort for its services?"

"Never. He does come and
check that things are going well. Pat runs a tight ship, and he is very
critical if things aren’t just the way he wants them. More than once he’s
dressed down one or more of the employees and even fired a few if they
weren’t up to his standard."

"Well," said Thomas smiling,
"that brings us up to the present. With a successful marriage, three great
sons, and a thriving business, not to mention starting a going club at
the college and service as a long-time member of this club, we thought
it was about time that we honored Pat Arkadian."

The audience cheered while
Pat looked back.

"Madori, what is the challenge
that the resort makes to guests – the one that catches everyone’s attention?"

"Do you mean the ‘Fortnight
of Forced Relaxation?’"

"Exactly – fourteen days
bound and gagged with nothing to do – tightly restrained and kept away
from everyone and everything in a cool dark room. Has anyone attempted
to complete the Fortnight of forced Relaxation?"

"Two men have attempted it
– one quit after three days, the other lasted almost a week. It’s really
almost a joke – nobody actually takes it seriously. It’s like a restaurant
that offers you a free meal if you can eat it all including a 72-ounce
steak in one hour. Hardly anyone even thinks seriously of doing it."

"Well, here at the Greater
Dallas/Fort Worth Couples Bondage Society we take it seriously." Turning
to Pat, Thomas said, "To reward you for your faithful service to this club
and your life of bondage adventures, Pat Arkadian, we have bought for you
the famous ‘Fortnight of Forced Relaxation’ at your own club. You will
be taken from here still in that straightjacket and gag, put in the trunk
of Midori’s car – transferred to your resort where the staff will keep
you in maximum bondage for the next two weeks. You will be the first to
complete the Fortnight of Forced Relaxation – and a well deserved vacation
on your part."

As he listened to Thomas,
Pat became increasingly agitated – squirming in his chair, almost fighting
the straitjacket. He made sounds into and around the gag shaking his head.

"Yes everyone, I can tell
how excited Pat is anticipating his vacation – the first vacation that
he has taken in many years."

"I know dad will love every
minute of it," said Jack.

"And the staff is ready to
see that he spends the entire time fully bound," said Midori. "Some of
them have told me privately that they can hardly wait to have the boss
here all trussed up and under their control."

Pat was then straining against
the bonds, trying to move his legs and free his arms from the restrictions
of the straitjacket.

"It’s a wonderful gift,"
said Celia. I know Pat won’t know how to thank you enough."

As the crew moved the still
bound and gagged Pat Arkadian off the stage and out to Midori’s waiting
car, everyone heard him attempt to scream through the gag, undoubtedly
wanting to call out his thanks for the honor they had bestowed on him.
