---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Weekend Rubber Experience 2
authors:
- Jester
tags:
- M/f
- latex
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2003-08-25 00:00:00
---

**Weekend Rubber
Experience - Part Two**
by Jester
Soul Mates by Aaron Roberts
Weekend Rubber Experience is @1999-2003 by Jester. 
Any Unauthorized uses of this story in any shape will be dealt like this:
Torture in a rubber suit, sealed in another vacuum suit, smothered in deep
thick mud, and encased for an entire weekend.

**Weekend Rubber Experience**

**Late Friday Night**

Melissa stubbed out the cigarette, and rolled over into
Jack’s arms.  “That…” she said, calming down,” was what it’s all about. 
Once you have an orgasm like that, you’ll never have sex the same way.” 
She placed her head on Jack’s shiny chest.  The glow from the fireplace
was getting dim, and they were both exhausted.  “Jack, what did you
like the best from that first experience?”

Jack was still running the night though his head. 
First, he breaks up with Sandy.  Then he goes looking for a rubber
club, with little success.  Just as he’d given up hope, Melissa splashes
him.  Her cab, actually, but seeing Jack drenched made her feel sorry
for him, and she invited him up to warm up.  “I got warmed up really
quick!” he thought, as Melissa seduced him with the magic of rubber.

First she took him and rubberized him.  Jack had
always fantasized about meeting up with a rubber woman, and it looks as
though he finally did it.  They played some bondage games, and then
climaxed in an apparatus that looked like a clock on acid. “ The Fucking
Machine,” Melissa had called it.  It was like a huge cage-like sled,
with springs and gears on its side.  “The machine was wild.” Jack
said to her, looking at it with more detail.

It was slanted, almost aerodynamic, with all of the shiny
metallic braces and tubing.  His cock was getting hard again just
thinking of it.  Melissa took notice of his growing cock, and lightly
touched it.  “So I can see…” She trailed off, starting to stroke his
rubber cock.  Jack’s cum was still in his suit, sliding down his legs,
and his cock wanted more.  His batteries had never recharged that
quickly with normal sex.

“This is the power of rubber.”  Melissa continued
to slowly stroke his cock.  “Jack, I want you to stay the night. 
It’s getting late out, and I don’t want to kick you out,” a grin formed
on her lips, “ especially since your been a great lover.”  She started
to play with her rubber pussy too.  “And I think I need to fuck you
again, but I want to take this into the bedroom, so we can fall asleep.” 
She tugged on his hard cock.  “What are you doing this weekend? 
Since I own my own business, I don’t have to be anywhere, and there are
some things I think you might like to see and experience.”  She continued
to jerk him and herself, and knowing what kind of aphrodisiac the rubber
was, continued with her game plan.  “You see, my lover and I are going
to a party tomorrow night…”

Jack startled up, and was about to protest when a latex
finger came across his lips. “Shhhh… my lover and I have an open relationship,
one that suits us perfectly.  You will see that tomorrow.  If
you want to go…” Melissa trailed off, stroking his cock a little faster
now.  All Jack could do was run a hand over her breast, and firmly
grab it.  “Yesssss….” Jack let it out of his system.  Melissa
smiled and let go of his cock.

She got up, and looked at Jack.  “He was handsome
in his suit”, she thought “ and for a newbie, he had surprisingly good
stamina.  That’s why I’m continuing to lead him on…”

“Let’s go to bed, we have a long day ahead of us.” 
She extended a hand to Jack.  He got up, and took it.

They walked around the corner of the large apartment,
and Jack for the first time saw what could only be described as a large
metallic angel with it’s arms open above it’s head.  The angel had
large globe-like eyes, and no mouth to speak of.  It wings were spread
wide open, almost touching the ceiling.  It was at least twice the
size of a normal human body, and it looked like a figurehead from the bow
of a ship, especially in the way it leaned forward.  There were a
few small cables attached to the wings and upper body, connecting it to
the ceiling.  As he bent down to examine the bottom, Jack saw that
it actually was suspended from the cables.  The angel was about 6
inches off the ground.

“You like what you see?”  Melissa said to him, an
even bigger smile came across her face.  She was interested in his
assessment of the metallic creature before him.

“How can that huge statue be hanging from the ceiling
like that?  I’ve never seen anything like it!”  Jack uncoupled
his hand from Melissa’s, and walked around it.  He could make out
a small crease in the back of the statue, and he raised his gloved hand
to examine it.

Melissa rushed to him, and raised her arm over his, to
stop his examination.  “I’ll tell you everything later.  Come
with me.”  See took his hand, and pulled him to the bedroom. 
Jack was still mesmerized by the silver statue.

Melissa led him into the dark room, lit dimly by the other
side of the fireplace.  Jack saw that there was a wrought iron 4-post
bed with a large D-ring on each post. The bed appeared to be covered with
a black latex sheet, and there was a comforter hung over the front of the
bed. Melissa walked backwards to the bed, grinning like a mad scientist.
Her locks and high heels clinked as she moved, and the jingling noise excited
Jack.  She plopped down on the bed, and left Jack standing. 
She writhed on her back, reveling in the latex sheets.  Jack started
to crawl on top of the bed, but Melissa pushed him back.

Melissa reached down to her latex covered pussy, and stroked
her clit.  Her eyes were wild again.  Melissa’s chest was heaving,
as her motion quickened.  Jack was there, above her, watching the
rubber woman frig her pussy.  She took a free hand, and grabbed her
left tit.  She pulled one of her rings, and Jack could see her whole
breast
rise like a pyramid.  Melissa arched her back, and slid her wrist
over to a D-ring.

“I’m going to be your slave.  Do what you will to
me.  I don’t care.  I’m a primal animal right now, and these
bonds are all that’s going to hold me from escaping and attacking you like
the wild animal that I am.”

Melissa expertly slid her bonded wrist into the snap-lock,
and she did the same to her other arm.  Her legs were kicking on the
bed.  Jack looked at her with wanting, and moved closer to her. 
She thrashed her body around the limited space that she had.  Jack
put his weight on top of her, holding her down.  Her powerful legs
were trapped, as he slid down to find the other D-rings.  Jack found
the right one, and snapped that one down.  Melissa kept moving, as
Jack got off the bed, and walked around to grab her other leg, and firmly
attach it to her last ring.

The entire bed was shaking from her motion.  Jack
was almost afraid to join her, but he trusted her. No harm had come to
him, so he had no reason not to.  Jack climbed up on the other side,
and rested next to her.

“What are you going to do to me, tough boy?  Huh? 
Come on, TAKE ME ON!”  Melissa screamed as she pulled both ways, and
bent her head forward to see her leg bindings.  “You Fucker! 
TAKE ME!”  Jack ran his gloved hand on her abdomen, tracing her lining. 
Melissa thrust her hips into his hand, wanting him to fuck her so bad. 
She was such a sexual beast right now, she was telling the truth about
the bindings. All she could do was squirm and shake.  She could feel
the waves pounding on her; she wanted to cum again so bad.  “Jack
had better start fucking me, or I’m going cum and leave him out”, she thought
to herself.  She grabbed onto the rings, pulling up on them to arch
herself.

Melissa looked over to the full-length mirrors. 
She saw her rubber body about to be mounted by Jack’s.  What a rubber
vision this turned out to be.  His bald black head was exquisite,
and it made her pussy wet.  She wished that Cris were here too…

Jack saw a tube of lubricant, and thought that it might
make them slide so much easier.  He squeezed some in his palm, and
rolled in down to her covered cunt.  He covered her hole, slipping
his fingers in her pussy.  Melissa arched her head back, the waves
almost breaking.

Jack looked back into her eyes. “You want me to fuck you? 
Is that it?  Is that what you want?”  He pounced over her, landing
in-between her legs.  He took a hold of his cock, and slapped it on
top of her black hole.  ”DO YOU?”  Melissa nodded; she could
barely speak anymore.  She looked down at his cock, and wanted that
prick in her so bad.

“FUCK ME WITH IT!  FUCK ME!” she screamed. 
Jack’s tongue flicked out, becoming a little wild himself.  Melissa
waged back, her metal studded tongue making him want her so.  Jack
slipped his cock in her lubed-up pussy.

“Yessss.”  He slid back and forth, her pussy the
target for his rod.  Melissa wanted him to grind so fast in her; she
could feel his tool grow with each thrust.  Jack and Melissa each
fell more into the moment, both becoming more than just regular people
making love did. Their bodies became truly one with the rubber; it brought
out the animal from within.

Jack continued to pump into Melissa.  Her form was
almost more than he could take.  She began to scream at the top of
her lungs, arching, thrashing, and losing control.  She was shaking,
but at the moment she wanted more than all, she fixed her eyes on his,
knowing that when she gave her orgasm to him, that look of wanton sex would
make him give his orgasm to her as well.  And it did.  Jack came
in his sheath, the powerful squeeze of his cum flowed upwards to his abdomen,
and he could also feel her pussy grip his cock harder than it did the first
time they had rubber sex.

Jack’s orgasm was overpoweringly intense.  His senses
overloaded, he could feel his entire body spasm, from his fingertips to
his toes.  His body became one with the rubber.  Melissa, on
the other hand, embraced her orgasm like a long lost friend.  She
needed this to feel truly alive. Her mind gave up control, and her body
became an independent living creature.  She was along for the ride,
and she loved it.  She remained fixed on his eyes, and started to
scream at the top of her lungs.  Some of her lovers were the silent
type, cumming in whispers; she never was quiet.  She longed for this
moment, her being one with the rubber and another.  She couldn’t imagine
making love any other way.

When they both were finished cumming, their bodies collapsed. 
Both of them continued to breathe rapidly, while Jack slid off her body,
resting next to her.  He was so very spent; all he wanted to do was
rest.  The king size bed allowed him to lie on his back, with his
eyes closed.  He fell asleep very quickly.

**Later Friday Night**

Later, Jack rolled over to his side, and tried to place
his arm around Melissa.  Groggily, his arm bounced on the bed. 
She was not there.  Jack opened his eyes, and saw his reflection it
the full length mirrors on the other side of the room.  He could see
that somehow she had slipped out of her bonds.  Quizzically, he looked
around the room.  It was still dark, so he knew it wasn’t morning
yet.  There were no clocks, so he had no idea what time it was. 
The fire was out, and he could see that the master bathroom door was opened.

Jack slid off the rubber sheets, stood up.  SHIT! 
His cum had hardened in the suit, and it was sticking to his inner thigh
hairs. This was the only thing he hated!  He carefully waddled to
the master bathroom, and went in.  He closed the door behind him,
and turned on the lights.  He saw Melissa’s discarded suit hanging
on a drying pole on the wall.  Her bindings were nowhere in sight,
and neither was she.  There was a huge combination shower / whirlpool
against one wall.

“I wonder where she is?” he thought to himself. “I need
to get out of this.”  First, he went to the shower, and turned on
the water.  Then he reached behind and caught the zipper.  He
slid it down, and he could feel the cool air against his back.  He
then reached to pull off his hood.  It slid upward and got caught
in his collar.  He undid it, and his head was free.  He looked
into the mirror, his flesh a contrast with all the blackness.  He
gently pulled the chest of his suit off, and pried himself away from the
rubber. The steam from the shower built a gentle film over the mirror. 
Jack then slid off the arms, the legs, and he carefully pulled his cock
out of the sheath.  The hardened cum was making that difficult. 
Jack grimaced, and pulled the suit off his balls.

Jack held up the suit, and ran it up to the showerhead. 
He immersed the suit, completely soaking it in the water.  He tried
to squeeze all the water out, and then he placed the suit next to Melissa’s. 
She had a drain right under the pole.  “This is a custom bathroom.”
he thought, “she’s thought of everything.”  He started to pull the
gloves off, and he remembered that he had that anal intruder up his ass. 
The bulb hanging down.  It felt so right; he didn’t remember it until
it was the last thing to pull off.  He let the pressure go, and he
pulled it out of his ass.  He stepped into the shower, and started
to clean himself.

He finished toweling himself off, and found a white terrycloth
robe hanging on the back of the door.  There was no underwear, so
he was naked underneath.  He dried his hair, and stepped out of the
bathroom.  “Still no Melissa…” he thought as he walked to outside
the bedroom.  The statue was there, and the thought that he saw it
swing a little.  He walked past it, and into the living room. Melissa
was not there either.  Jack walked to the rubber room, and looked
in.  Still not there.  Jack was puzzled.  Where did she
go?  He walked to the kitchen, and opened her refrigerator. 
He saw some milk, and took a glass.  He needed something; he was so
hungry.  After all, he had nothing for dinner, unless you considered
the sex they had as nourishment.  Jack drained the glass, and then
he noticed the statue was shaking gently.  He placed his glass down,
and walked over to the statue.

The metal was sweating, as small beads of water were forming
on the outside.  Very gently, almost like a small pendulum, it was
rocking.  Jack placed his hand on the statue.  He felt what could
only be explained as water rushing like a river flow.  He also noticed
that it was humming.  A very faint humming, never the less, it was
making a mechanical noise.  Jack looked at it, and couldn’t make heads
or tails of it.  He then saw the final piece of the puzzle. 
There was a small box that was indented into the floor.  Like a step. 
Jack then figured it out.  He was not horrified by the thought; it
actually made some sort of sense.  Especially after their having sex
in the Fucking Machine.

“Melissa is sleeping in that statue, somehow.” Jack thought
to himself. “I wonder how she gets in and out of that, and what the hell
is going on inside there?”  He wanted to know more than ever, but
his tiredness took a hold of him.  Jack went back to the bedroom,
and went back to bed.

**Saturday**

Light broke open into the room, and Jack cracked his eyes
open.  “Rise and shine, sleepyhead!  We’ve got a lot to do, and
very little time to do it in.”  Melissa’s voice sounded so cheerful,
so alive!  It was very different from her mood last night.  Jack
then could feel her slide into bed next to him.  Her body was cool,
and it was naked too.  She slid up to kiss him on the cheek, and rested
her head on his chest.

“Good Morning, Baby!  Did you sleep well?  I
know that I did! Ohhhh…Did I ever!” Melissa talked as if she had a smile
on her face.  Jack could feel her breath on his chest.

“So did I.”  Jack yawned and stretched his arms. 
Melissa’s hair tickled his chest, and made him smile.

“Melissa?”

“Yes.”

“Where did you go last night?  I got up in the middle
of the night, but you were nowhere in sight.”  Jack hoped he knew
the answer.  He remained there, looking up the plaster ceiling.

“Jack…I was here the entire time.”  She stroked her
fingernails on his abdomen, thinking about how she was going to tell Jack
about her lifestyle, and how much she should tell him.  “Jack, you
couldn’t see me…because I was sleeping in another area of the apartment. 
You couldn’t see me, but I was right here, all the time.”  Melissa
bit her bottom lip, and took a deep breath.  She rolled over, and
peered into his eyes.

“Did you have a good time in the machine last night?” 
Jack looked at her and nodded. “Well, so did I.  And I think that
you are ready for some more.”  Jack’s eyes opened wide, and he wanted
to lunge forward.
Melissa pressed him back down, and kept him there. 
Her whole face was radiant, and her lips pursed to a wicked smile. 
Her nipple rings hung down and he saw her naked body under the sheets.

“Jack, latex is just one of my fetishes.  There are
many other things that I have found over the years that I need in order
to really enjoy life to the fullest.  Having sex in and with objects
is one, having sex with partners of both sexes is another.  Having
sex in rubber completes them both.  I live in a state of ongoing orgasm,
and want and need to live like this.  I needed you yesterday because
my lover wasn’t here.  I could have fucked myself, but seeing you
soaked and wet made me want to have you.  I already was turned on
in my outfit, and I needed to get laid with another person.  You happened
to be in the right place at the right time.”  Melissa rolled her fingers
on Jack’s chest, looking into his eyes as she explained.

“So where were you last night?”  Jack wanted to really
know.

“Let me show you.”  Melissa slid her hand into his,
and pulled him off the bed.  She opened the door, and led him behind
the large metallic hanging statue, and reached behind a window valance. 
She opened a small panel, and pressed a button.  The small square
recessed in the floor rose, and the panel that made the creases pressed
inward, and swung up into the statue.

“This, Jack, is where I sleep.  It’s a kind of water
cushion suppression system that makes you feel like you are truly floating. 
The pressure builds up and it is an encasement so tight that if something
happens while you are in there, it would take a while to get you out.” 
Melissa slithered over to the statue as she talked, running her hands over
the frame of the entry portal.

“I’ve had this system for about 2 years now, and the only
time I don’t use it is when I have all night long sessions with people
or I’m out of town.  It is like being in a womb, truly.  All
life support is connected to the machine; you are totally dependent on
it once you begin.”  Jack and Melissa were both naked, and for the
first time Jack saw her naked body.  He saw a tattoo of a flaming
yin-yang symbol on her right inner ankle, and above her shaved vagina,
a tattoo of a bird of prey, with it’s claws and wings outstretched, as
if to grab someone and tear it apart.  Her skin was very pale, and
it was an exquisite form indeed.  Jack almost was staring at her body,
when she moved her hand around her waist.  All Jack wanted to do was
reach out and hold her body next to his.

“What other things do you do in order to feel so alive?”
he asked, as he moved closer to her.  Melissa smiled lightly, and
looked up to him. “Well, I…”

It was then that they heard the buzzer from the downstairs
intercom.  Melissa sauntered over to the controls, and hit the button.

“Yes.”

“It’s me.  I hope you’re not pissed.  I brought
some breakfast.”  It was a female voice, and Melissa looked to Jack
with a large smile and she shrugged her shoulders slightly.

“Baby, never.”  She pressed the buzzer to open the
doors.

“Your lover is another woman?”  Naked, Jack ran into
the bedroom, and closed the door.  He grabbed the robe from the bed,
and noticed that he could see through the fireplace.  He peered down,
and looked at Melissa opening the door.  A tall blond woman held a
small bag of fast food, and opened her arms to Melissa.

“Did you dress just for me?” she said, and wrapped her
arms around Melissa, as their lips locked.  The blond had a leather
long coat on and a pair of army boots on.  Jack couldn’t see her face,
but saw some locks of hair swing around.  The woman dropped the bag
on the floor as she was enthralled in the kiss, and covered Melissa’s naked
body with herself.  They were embraced in a passionate kiss, as Jack
decided that he should meet her.  He opened the door, and swung around
to face the two kissing.

“Hello.”

The women stopped, and faced Jack.  Melissa was smiling,
her breast nipples hard, and she was breathing softly.  The other
woman pulled away, looked at Jack in the robe, and said, “Well hello yourself!” 
She looked back at Melissa, and then Jack. “You little fucker!”  The
woman let a small smile appear on her face, as she playfully batted Melissa. 
“No wonder I never got a phone call…” she let it trail off as she flapped
her hand on Melissa’s skin again.

“Cristina Gordon, meet Jack Summers. Jack, this is my
long time lover, Cris.”  Melissa backed away, and picked up the little
bag.  “Bagels again?  You know I like biscuits!”  
Melissa walked over to the kitchen, and poured herself a mug of coffee.

Cris was eyeing Jack up, the same way that he was eyeing
her.  She was your classic tall Grecian goddess in leather. 
The coat had many little buckles across the front, and it slid down her
body.  Jack saw a tight wool sweater on her chest, and a tight choker
necklace on her neck.  She was wearing black jeans that ended at her
calf-high army boots.  Jack felt a little underdressed with his robe
as the only thing he wore.

Cris walked over to the kitchen; her eyes fixed on Jack. 
She gave him an approving sly smile, and Jack did the same.  Cris
grabbed a mug, and poured herself as well.  “Jack, coffee?”

“Yes, please.  I guess you don’t have another one
in there for me?”  Jack’s eyed the bag, trying to look into it. 
He was hungry as a bear, yet he didn’t want to make himself a bad guest.

“Sorry…next time we’ll see.” Cris kept her eyes fixed
on Jack.  It was like a hunter and prey.  Melissa just watched
this all from an observer’s perspective.  “Cris is a bondage freak,
it was she that introduced me to the many pleasures that can be derived
from it.”  Melissa gulped her coffee, and rested her free hand on
Cris’.

“We have been lovers for 4 years.”

“Three and a half…but who’s counting?”  Cris took
a bite out of her bagel.  “Melissa was such a little virgin back then,
it was so entertaining watching her conform, wasn’t it?”  Cris gave
Melissa a playful slap on her bare ass.  Her body bounced forward,
almost spilling her coffee.

“Are you a bondage virgin, Jack?”

“Jack and I had sex with the machine last night, so I
would say not a virgin, just inexperienced.”  Both women looked at
Jack, and now he felt like he was the lone prey.

“Jack was looking for a rubber club, but he couldn’t find
it.  Tonight he will find more than he was looking for.” Melissa said
as she ran her hand on Cris’ tight leather ass.

“Why don’t you take off your coat and stay awhile?” 
Melissa pulled her glance away from Jack, and concentrated on Cris. 
“I need to show you how much I missed you.  Where were you? 
I waited for 2 hours?”

Cris sighed, and spoke.  “There was this emergency
last night, and the hospital was short staffed.  I was needed to stay. 
A big accident last night.  Six people hurt in a bus.  They needed
surgery, so I stayed. Besides, all the extra money will pay for new tubes
and hoods.”  Cris ran her hand up to Melissa’s cheek.

“Cris is a anesthesiologist over at University Hospital. 
That’s were she began her unique methods of pleasure.”

“At the hospital?”

“No, when I was a student, the other anesthesiologists
were practicing their technique, and it turned me on.  My first step
into the world of bondage, with breath control.  Have you tried that
yet, Mr. Summers?”

“Jack…”

“Jack?”  Cris smiled to him, seeing his hard chest
wanted her to jump him quickly.  “Melissa is to be thanked later tonight
for this.” She thought,  “ She must have been thinking of us both
when she met him.  What a gorgeous body!”

Cris undid her tie around her waist, and walked over to
the coat rack.  She reached up and hung the coat up.  Jack and
Melissa watched her body stretch up, her firm ass and tight sweater almost
pulling apart.

“You don’t have to work tonight do you?  I want you
to be with me so bad.” Melissa asked Cris.

“I’m off the schedule, but hopefully I won’t get paged. 
I want to be with you too.”  Cris swung around and walked over to
Melissa.  “Besides, it looks like you weren’t lonely last night.”

“No,” Melissa said a little breathless, wishing that Cris
would take her and fuck her here and now, in front of Jack.  “Jack
helped me not be so lonely.”

“I think I should thank him for taking care of my girlfriend,
eh?”  Cris turned to Jack, and walked up to him.  She parted
her lips, and kissed his naked chest.  Melissa was so turned on, that
she needed to be near both of them.  She walked up to them, and looked
at them both.

“Maybe I should also thank him for the great time we had,
even though I wanted to be with you last night.”

Melissa took her pierced tongue, and licked Jack’s nipple.
Melissa reached down and undid his robe tie.  There were now two naked
people there, and one that looked out of place.  Cris kissed Melissa
deeply, and ran her tongue inside her hot mouth.  A female hand went
to Melissa’s nipple ring, and Jack’s cock sprouted quickly.

Cris pulled away, and spoke softly “It’s a shame to undo
my booties, but I’ll be right back.  Why don’t you two make yourself
comfortable as I get ready?”

Jack and Melissa looked at Cris, and let her go. 
She walked to the rubber room, and closed the door behind her.  Jack
kissed Melissa, and led her to the couch.

“She’s gorgeous.  It looks like she is an amazon,
with her looks.  Is she a lesbian?” Jack asked.  Melissa laughed
as she got comfortable, taking Jack’s cock in her hand.  “No, she
loves men, too.  I guess you’d call us bi-sexual, but we are committed
to each other.  We love each other so much, and we understand each
other’s need to have sex with others.”  Melissa tugged on Jack’s nipple,
and pulled herself into his chest.  Jack ran his hands over her back,
found the small of her back, and saw another tattoo, this time of a very
small, long, thin female crown. It ran her across her back, looking like
an elongated short T.  It was red, much like a welt, but it was on
her skin.  Jack could not make out the intricate design. The base
of the T went to the part, and the top slid like a panty line.

It was like a permanent tiara on her back.

Jack was again erect, the third time in less than 24 hours. 
This was a record for him.  It looked like this would be his first
time with 2 women.  He was really feeling like a new person, and he
was so happy to be here.  Melissa took his cock, and started to suck
on it greedily.  Here they were having normal sexual relations. 
Jack arched back, and he let his body relax.  He could hear Cris in
the other room, taking off her clothes.  He wondered what she was
doing in there.  Melissa’s cock sucking was wonderful.  She played
with his balls, and let some of her saliva slide down his shaft. 
She ran her hand on his thigh, and then let go of his cock.

“Cris, where are you?” she yelled.  “I’m so fucking
horny, I want your sexy body here, now!”

A disembodied voice yelled back “You two naked bodies
made me think that I missed out on something last night, so…” The door
opened, and a black shape appeared.  She was wearing her boots, but
under that was a rubber catsuit that had a rubber cock hanging from in-between
her legs.  Her face was exposed, but the catsuit covered everything
else.  She had a rolled up whip hanging from her waist and a hood
in her other hand.  Her hair was slicked back, and put into a ponytail.
“Working last night, knowing that I should have been getting laid, it built
up my drive. I need to get fucked, and I need it now.”  She walked
over to the couch, and stepped up onto the back of the couch.

“Melissa, suck my rubber cock, you little slut!”

“Yes, mistress”

Jack looked over at Melissa.  It was as if in the
blink of an eye, she went from being in control to being the one controlled. 
Melissa got up, and placed her head in-between Cris’ thighs.  She
took the rubber cock in her mouth, and sucked it.  Cris ran a hand
over her neck, letting it fall over her breast, down her tummy, and onto
Melissa’s head.  Cris looked down at Jack, and looked back at Melissa. 
Cris’ breathing slowed down and her body was reacting to Melissa’s sucking. 
“It must be a double-dildo” Jack thought.  Melissa’s pulling and pushing
was doing the same inside Cris.  Cris’ ass was rocking on the upright
section, and her shiny boots were pushed on top of the cushion.  Cris
closed her eyes, and arched back, holding onto the couch. When she opened
her eyes, they targeted Jack.

“Come here and kiss me, worship my body, you fucking virgin!”

Jack reached up and took hold of her arm.  She pulled
him up to her mouth and they greedily kissed, open mouthed.  Their
tongues flicked each other’s lips, and Jack placed his hand on Cris’ breast.

“Yessssss…pull my tit.  That’s right.  Ohhhh…yessss…so
nice!”

Melissa pulled herself off Cris, and quickly took a hand
down to her naked pussy.  She was looking at Cris and Jack having
a good time.  Melissa fingered her cunt, and then that hand went into
her mouth.  She savored the taste of her own juices.  As she
sucked her fingers, her other hand went to her pussy.

“You look so naked without any rubber on.  Here”
Cris tossed the hood to Melissa, and Melissa had a big smile on her face. 
She quickly pulled it over her head, and adjusted the holes.  She
continued to frig her wet pussy, and lick her fingers.  Melissa wanted
Cris to fuck her with that rubber cock.  Jack was still kissing Cris’
body, but she easily stood up, and walked to Melissa.  Cris lay on
the floor, and she took Melissa’s hand.  Melissa rolled her leg over
Cris, and mounted that rubber cock.  She landed hard on her lover’s
fake cock, but that was what they both wanted.  Cris ran a gloved
hand up to Melissa’s rubber face, and Melissa sucked her fingers.

Jack took a hold of his cock, and stroked it, watching
these rubber women get it on.  He also took his fingers into his mouth,
and did the same.  Cris’ eyes made contact with Jack, and an outstretched
hand pointed at him to come there.  Jack slid off the couch, and crawled
over to her.

“Bend on all four, I’m gonna suck your cock while Melissa
fucks me.”

Jack started to face Melissa, when a gloved hand reached
up to rip one of Jack’s nipples right off.

“No you fucker…the other way…you aren’t worthy to see
Melissa as I suck you.”  Jack’s breast hurt, but he crawled the other
way, with his ass facing Melissa.

“Good….” Cris breathed out as she took his erect wet cock
in her mouth.  They began to fuck each other.  Cris was a wild
fucker, she was sucking his cock like a vacuum, and Melissa was grinding
her body into Cris.  Cris took her whip, and threw it over Jack’s
body, using it to pull him closer to her.  The whip burned a little
on his flesh, but the cock sucking made up for it.  Cris sucked for
a little while more, feeling her juices flow inside her suit.  Outside,
Melissa’s wet dripping cunt made that fake cock so shiny.

Melissa continued to rock on Cris’ cock.  She ran
her hand on Cris’ breasts, pinching her nipples.  She wanted to lick
her rubber body until she came all over the rubber cock; she was starting
to lose it.  Her body became more frantic, and it knew what it wanted. 
She wanted to let herself go, and gripped the cock in her pussy. 
Cris’ dildo was really fucking her too, and she loved getting filled and
sucking real cock at the same time.  Melissa slid her hand to her
pussy, rubbed the slick juice on her fingers, and reached up to suck it. 
She was SO fucking horny; she screamed in ecstasy.  Jack heard the
screaming, and continued to concentrate on not blowing his load. 
He knew he couldn’t hold out too much longer, as he felt the waves building
up.

“No you fucker…not on me…I want you to fill Melissa as
I get my pussy eaten out. DON’T CUM…” Cris screamed out.

She let the whip fall off his body, and she cracked the
whip.  Jack’s body reacted instantly, never hearing a thundercrack
like that this close.  He almost cam like that.  Jack’s expression
said it all.  He stood up, turned, and walked behind Melissa.

Melissa panted, “Take my cunt… from behind…I’m squirting…cum
now…” Her body started to quiver and shake.  “CUM NOW…GET IN ME…NOW
YOU FUCKER NOW!”

Cris unzipped her crouch, and slid the rubber dildo out
of her.  Her suit had a hole for double-ended dildo, and it could
be covered with a patch.  Cris slide the rubber cock out, and placed
Melissa’s side in her mouth.  Melissa fell down quickly, and immediately
took a deep inhale of her wet sex.  Melissa dived in and lapped the
oozing pussy.  Jack’s view was of Melissa’s ass in front of him, about
to be impaled.  Melissa’s head was nodding up and down, and Cris’
body showed signs of total ecstasy.

Melissa’s body started to spasm itself into Jack’s hard
cock.  Melissa was expanding her energy to them, as her face was shoving
its way up Cris’ snatch.  It was like Jack’s cock was driving Melissa
into Cris’ body.  Jack saw that rubber head so deep into Cris’ pussy,
he blew his wad.  He came into Melissa’s crotch, and his cum was dripping
down on her inner thigh.  Melissa was a spent woman, lapping her lover’s
wet pussy.  Seeing that they had cum so furiously, Cris gave herself
to Melissa.  Her body arched wildly from the floor, as now Cris was
pushing her box into Melissa’s rubber face.  Cris screamed as she
cam, and both Melissa and Jack smiled as she exploded.  Melissa let
her tongue receive Cris’ juices, and swallowed them gladly.

Cris had pulled her body slightly away from Melissa, and
her body started to recover from her orgasm.  She looked back to where
the cigarettes were kept, and crawled over to the couch.  Jack pulled
out of Melissa, and reached for his robe.  Cris pulled the drawer
out, and pulled out the last cigarette.  She crumpled the pack, and
asked breathlessly, “Anybody got a light?”  Melissa grabbed the lighter,
and lit her up.  Cris inhaled, and puffed away.

She passed the cigarette to Melissa, who took a drag on
it.  She turned her head to Jack, and offered it to him as well. 
He looked at the two women, and took the offering.  “I’ve never enjoyed
smoking,” he said while exhaling, “until now.”

**Saturday Afternoon**

Jack crushed out the cigarette, and walked over to where
his robe was tossed.  He quickly picked it up, and wrapped it around
his body.  His breathing was a little erratic still, after having
spent all his energy with Melissa and Cris.  He looked back at them,
both relaxing after their orgasms, and he could make out both of their
chests heaving from the excitement.  Cris’ rubber clad body still
held her breasts tight against the plastic, as Melissa’s hand roamed over
her tummy and around the domes over her tits.

“That was something nice,” Melissa said as she placed
her lips on Cris’ rubber neck.  Her tongue slid over the black rubber,
lingering at the neckline.  Cris pulled off Melissa’s hood, and flinged
it back towards the rubber room door.  Cris sprang off the couch and
over to the mask, picked it up, and walked into the room.

“Yes, that was exactly what I needed.  Give me a
few minutes, and I’ll be right out.”

Melissa turned her head towards Jack.  She looked
up to his eyes, and made contact.  “Jack, so what do you think of
Cris?”  Melissa patted the cushion next to her; an invitation to sit
next to her.

Jack walked to the couch and slid next to her.  Instantly,
Melissa’s hand found his inner thigh, and stroked his thigh.  “She
is a very sexual person, as well as you are, but I see what you mean…”
Jack trailed off.

“Good.  I could tell right off that Cris likes you.” 
Her hand rose and fell with her breaths.  “I think you’ll enjoy what
I want us to do this afternoon.  Jack, you were saying that you have
a catsuit, right?”

“I have a old catsuit that I have had for about a year. 
I ordered it through the Internet, and it is torn in a couple places.” 
Jack cocked his head to one side, as Melissa’s hands were so cool against
his warm skin.

In the background, a shower was started.  It was
coming from the rubber room’s bathroom.

“Well, Cris is in need of some new items, and since you’ve
been so…receptive to this…”she grabbed his cock, “I thought that you might
need some new items too.”  Melissa just held his cock so tight, using
that vise grip she displayed last night.  “Besides, I think you need
somethings for tonight’s party, and I can’t lend you any of my stuff. 
Not for what I’ve got planned.”

“Let’s go take a shower…I’m so spent!”  Melissa giggled
to Jack, and led him to the rubber room.

They entered the room, and saw Cris’ clothes lying on
the floor.  It looked as if she was in a hurry to pull them off; one
boot here, her sweater there.  Melissa led into the rubber appendage
room, and into the small bathroom.  The shower was in a bathtub, and
the black rubber curtain was closed, and steam was pouring out from overhead.

Melissa smiled back to Jack, and pressed her finger against
Jack’s lips.  She bent over into his ear, and whispered, ”Follow my
lead.”

Melissa went to one side of the tub, and slowly extended
both arms into the rubber curtain.  Her movements were so slow; Cris
must have not even noticed it.  Melissa looked as if she was trying
to hug Cris through the curtain.  Then Melissa made contact with Cris’
body.

“Hey…watch it there!”  Cris’ muffled voice echoed
out of the shower.  “I’m all soaped up and slippery…” Melissa’s motions
started to caress Cris’ body.  Jack stood there, watching the naked
body hold onto whatever form was in the shower.

Melissa’s hands roamed the curtain, finding Cris’ arms,
and she started to hold them through the rubber.

Jack followed suit, and went to the other side of the
tub.  Melissa was starting to fondle Cris a little closer through
the curtain.  Water was beginning to fly out the sides of the curtain. 
Cris was laughing like a kid from behind the black curtain.  Jack's
hands went for the lower part of the body.  His hands slide over her
bum, and he tried to take a hold of her.

“Ohhhh, I wonder who’s all here?” Cris exclaimed as the
second pair of hands made contact.  “Jack, I hardly know you, and
here you are, about ready to shower with me.  Do you think you can
handle it?”

Melissa was grinning from ear to ear, as she parted the
curtain on her side.  Jack heard her moan as she stepped into the
tub.  Jack continued to caress the ass through the curtain. 
He could hear the splashing of water as it hit the women’s bodies. 
He wanted to join them again.  He took a hold of the curtain, and
pulled it open.

Cris was still covered in her rubber suit, and she also
had a gasmask on.  Jack could only see her deep brown eyes through
the lenses of the mask.  The hose of the mask was hanging the soap
dish on the showerhead.  Her hair was still braided, and her suit
had soapsuds sliding down it.

“I needed to breathe a little easier after that session. 
Take my suit off, both of you.”  Melissa had her body draped over
Cris’; her short wet hair tight against her head.  Water was beading
of Melissa’s skin.  The pair looked like a sight of rubber heaven.

Melissa took a hold of the suit’s zip, and pulled it down
her back.  She slid her hands inside the suit, and started to pry
Cris’ suit off her.  Jack stepped into the tub, and there was very
little room to move.  Melissa was near the front of the tub, Cris
in the middle, and Jack almost outside of the tub.  Jack reached for
Cris’ mask, but her strong arms held him back.

“I’ll take this off when I’m ready.”  Her suit was
now limp around her breasts, as Melissa pulled her rubber arms away from
her body.   Jack saw Cris’ naked skin for the first time. 
Melissa pulled the arms past her elbows, and then her arms slid to pull
her gloves away.  The rubber snapped away from Cris, leaving her suit
hanging from around her waist.

“Soap me up, Jack.”  The vision in front of his was
straight off of some porn magazine.  One naked woman caressing another
half rubber clad woman wearing a gasmask in a shower.  “Where is my
camera when I need it.”  Jack thought to himself.  Melissa handed
Jack a bar of soap, and he proceeded to slide the bar up and down over
her exposed chest.

“You don’t do this often, do you, Jack?”  Cris’ eyes
fluttered from behind the lenses.  Melissa giggles again, knowing
that he was applying the soap too roughly to her delicate skin.  It
was like he was using a brick to do the cleansing.  Cris’ nipples
were very erect, and the hose coming from the front of the mask hid her
tongue flicking inside the mask.  She wanted to lick his body, but
she was in a state of sensory bliss.  The control of her breathing
added to being here in the shower with them both made her happy again.

Cris noticed that Melissa’s hand slide down inside her
suit to her wet pussy.  A digit slid into her folds, and water ran
down and around the opening.  The suit was still very sticky there,
and the opening let the water jet into the space in between the suit and
her body.  It felt so good to be here.  Melissa continued to
pull the suit down, around her thighs, and down past her knees.  Jack
offered her his strong arm to support her as Melissa bent down to pull
the rubber suit off Cris’ legs.  The suit was stopping water from
going the drain, and it looked like a black deflated mannequin.  Cris
stepped out of the suit, and her mostly naked body was glistening from
the water.

Jack picked the suit up from the tub, and held it so Melissa
could take a hold of it to hang on the pole near the tub.  She took
it, and tossed it over there.  She then rejoined Cris, and started
to play with the hose on her mask.  Cris finally decided it was time
to take the mask off.

She looked at Jack, and pulled it off her head, letting
it fall outside the tub, she then stood back into Melissa’s body. 
She reached up, to direct the nozzle over her head.  Then Cris pulled
her hair out of the braid, letting it hang at its shoulder length. 
Melissa took a bottle of shampoo, and squirted a glob into Cris’ head. 
The hair quickly foamed up, and Cris gave Jack a looking over.  Here
they were, three naked people sharing a shower, and the man was doing nothing. 
It was like he was embarrassed to be there.  Cris took his hand, and
pulled him closer to them.

Melissa then took the soap, and started to lather up Jack’s
chest.  Cris joined in, rubbing his body with the soap.  Soon
he was totally soaped, and he felt good.  His body was so relaxed
from the hot water cascading over them.  Cris finished washing her
hair, and traded places with Jack.  She slid behind him, and started
to massage his back.  Melissa’s white teeth gleamed back to him, as
she ran her head under the head.  Melissa then took the gel to Jack’s
head, and lathered him.  Jack then slid past Melissa, to finish his
hair.  Melissa kissed Cris as they held each other.  Melissa
turned to see Jack’s strong back and ass.  Cris bent forward likes
he was going to grab it, but Melissa stopped her.  They were both
giggling and smiling pleased with his body.

This story continues in [Part
Three](weekend_rubber_experience3.html)
