---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Weekend with Anya 5: Anya''s Slave'
authors:
- Hazard
tags:
- F/f
- D/s
- latex
- bond
- public
- hum
- toys
- oral
- cons
- X
---

**Chapter 5: Anya's Slave**

Anya sat and looked at me for a long time.  I could see that she
was thinking of how she might be able to manage things.  I knew that
she wanted to accept my submission, but clearly there were some major logistical
issues she would have to overcome.  I knelt in front of her, trying
to look down, but unable to tear my eyes from hers.  I desperately
wanted to beg, plead, promise - anything that might get her to say yes
- but I had said my piece and had sworn I would never speak again except
to say "Yes, mistress," "No, mistress" or "Thank you, mistress." 
I knelt there in torment, silently praying she would keep me.

I watched her wrestling with ideas, discarding them, thinking of others. 
An eternity passed.  My legs and feet were cramping as I knelt there
but I dared not move until my mistress told me to.  All I could hope
was that the longer she thought, the more likely it would be that she would
find a way.  Eventually, she leaned back in the chair and sighed.

"This is a big decision for both of us," she said.  "Are you absolutely
sure this is what you want?"  I nodded vigorously.

"Yes, mistress," I answered.  "Have you really thought about what
this means?  Forever is a long time."

"Yes, mistress," I said
again.

"And you are willing to submit to all my instructions, no
matter what they might be?"

"Yes, mistress," I responded a third
time, sure now that these questions meant she was going to accept me as
her life-long slave.  My pussy was responding to my excitement, sending
electric charges through my body.

"I have had weekend slaves before, but none as submissive or as beautiful
as you.  I have truly enjoyed this weekend like nothing I have done
before.  While I have often fantasized about having a real slave,
I have never found anyone willing or believed I could work it into my life. 
I have a very successful business that needs a lot of my attention. 
I have to travel quite a lot.  As much as I would enjoy your presence,
I do not see how I can manage to keep you with all the things I have going
on."

My heart dropped at her words.  What would I do if she
turned me down?

Then Anya smiled and said, "I am going to postpone my decision for a
week.  The Frankfurt show starts tomorrow and you must be there. 
You will come as my assistant.  You have lost your voice and will
not be able to speak to anyone.  During the day, you will serve me
in the booth, doing whatever I tell you to do.  At night, you will
share my room as my slave.  I will continue to think about the hows
and the wherefores.  You will continue to think about whether you
really want to do this for the rest of your life.  If, and I say "if,"
I decide that I am willing to take this on, I will ask you again if it
is what you truly want.  If you agree, there will be no turning back,
ever.  Understood?"

I nodded with mixed feelings.  I was excited that I would be Anya's
slave for at least another week and very confident how I would answer if
and when she posed the question again.  I was also frustrated and
concerned because my future was still in doubt.  I just couldn't imagine
a future other than the one I envisioned.

My mistress got up and, putting her gloved hands around my shoulders,
helped me to stand up.  "If we're going to Frankfurt in the morning,
we've got lots to do.  Follow me."  She led me upstairs to her
bedroom and then undid my bonds.  I was still wearing my nurse's uniform
as she set me to the task of making preparations for our trip.

Anya sat back on the bed and relaxed while I worked.  Under her
explicit instructions, I got out suitcases and packed them.  Many
of the items were typical for a business trip, but one suitcase was filled
with latex clothing and bondage toys.  I got very excited thinking
about how they might be put to use.  I was also filled with trepidation
about how I was going to survive the next three days as a secret slave
under the eyes of all the people at the fashion show, some of whom would
undoubtedly recognize me.  I didn't know what my mistress had planned
for my days, but I suspected it would involve more humiliation than I felt
ready for.

When everything was packed, Anya made me take the heavy suitcases downstairs
and put them in the back of the Mercedes ready for our early start. 
When I came back in, my mistress was ready with a blindfold, ball-gag and
the single glove I was already familiar with.  She pulled my arms
behind me, slipped the glove over them and then tightened up the laces,
forcing my shoulders back and pushing my tits out.  Then she locked
the blindfold in place and strapped the ball-gag in my waiting mouth. It
felt so good to be back in harness and helpless again.

I felt her reach under my mini-skirt and pull my panties down far enough
to slip a dildo into my pussy.  Then she slipped cuffs around my ankles
and attached a foot-long halter-chain.  I was in heaven.

"Amuse yourself, slave.  I have some work to do," she said to me
and I heard her walk out of the room.

And how was I to do that?,
I thought.

I didn't know how long she would be gone, so I decided
to see just how helpless I was.  Blind, hobbled and with my hands
bound tightly behind my back, I edged my way forwards, being very careful
not to trip over something, until my foot found the wall.  It must
have taken me close to ten minutes to cross half a room because I was so
terrified of falling without being able to use my arms to save myself. 
The dildo was working overtime and my helplessness was making me cum. 
When I reached the wall, I just leaned my head against it and let the shudders
rock me from head to toe.

After a minute, I tried to guess which way was closer to the door. 
I guessed "right".  So I hobbled my way along, carefully working my
way around the furniture, still terrified of falling.  It was totally
quiet in the house.  The silence and my imposed darkness made me feel
tiny and insignificant.  I fantasized that I was trying to escape
from a cruel mistress who would torture me if she caught me.  That
increased my tension and had my poor throbbing pussy cumming again. 
The dildo kept going off and on randomly, so that I could never get used
to it either way.

After two turns at corners of the room, I realized that "right" was
wrong.  I had already made my way around more than half the room but
decided that at that point I might as well keep going.  I found the
door when, working my way around a table, my foot went past the open door
and my face smacked right into it.  I had been gradually building
up my confidence and moving a little faster so I was surprised when I banged
my nose and gag straight into the edge of the door. I staggered backwards
more in shock than pain but the hobble-chain stopped me from being able
to brace myself.

I fell backwards, trying to twist as I went down
so that I wouldn't fall on my outstretched arms.  I landed mostly
on my left side but a lot of the impact was taken by my left breast which
must have caught on a chair on the way down.  I lay on the floor in
agony, unable to move.  I couldn't help but cry from the pain, and
the tears built up inside my tight blindfold.  I needed my arms to
hug myself and massage away the pain, but they were useless behind me. 
I felt like a small child, miserable and alone in the darkness.  I
tried to cry out but the ball-gag just released a quiet moan.  I waited
there, hoping my mistress had heard the noise and would come to me, but
she didn't appear.

Lying there in the darkness, hurting all over, I needed comforting. 
Even the dildo was silent as I cried to myself.  I realized that I
had been foolish to try to act without my mistress' explicit instructions. 
While she hadn't told me to stay where I was, she hadn't told me to wander
around either.  As the pain slowly eased to a dull throb, I swore
to myself that I would not experiment again unless my mistress told me
to.

I made a couple of attempts to get up, but without my arms and with
my legs haltered together, I couldn't quite get up on my knees.  All
I could do was lie there and wait, feeling sorry for myself.  The
vibrator must have been turned off by the fall.  I could feel it still
inside me, willing it to come on and cheer me up but it remained silent. 
Time crept by as I laid there.  I tried fantasizing about being kidnapped
but I just couldn't arouse myself.  I couldn't even go to sleep because
if I rested my head it really stretched my neck painfully.

Finally, my mistress came back.  She helped me get back up and
then, without a word, led me off.  She helped me relieve myself and
then took me down to the basement.  She removed my glove and gag and
the chains around my feet, then pulled a suit up over my legs and body. 
She explained that this was a new design she had been working on. 
It was a suit within a suit.  The inner suit had arms and legs that
fit snugly around my body.  The arms were attached to the side and
the legs were stuck together so that once inside I couldn't move. 
She pulled it up over my breasts and zipped it up tight under my chin. 
The outer suit was basically a divided air matress which fitted into the
collar on the inner suit, she explained.  Once the outer suit was
in place, it could be pumped up, putting extreme pressure on the inner
suit.  Before doing that, she fitted a matching hood over my head. 
She slipped two small tubes into my nostrils and then sealed the collar's
hood onto the suit's.

My mistress had me lay down on the bed and then I felt the air pressure
building in the outer suit, pressing the inner latex against my skin. 
I felt two plugs pushing into my orifices, expanding to fill the cavities,
the front one pressing the dildo deep inside me.  My legs felt the
pressure as they were forced together and my arms were crushed firmly against
my sides.  The waist of the suit pressed in on me like the tightest
of corsets and my breasts were squeezed from all sides.  The pressure
kept building until I could hardly breathe.  Then I felt the hood
pumping up, pressing against my eyes and mouth and pushing up on my chin
so that I couldn't move my face at all.  I strained to inhale against
the pressure on my chest and stomach as the suit got even tighter. 
I could only take short breaths and I was panting through my nose tubes
to get enough oxygen.

I began to panic as I struggled for air.  This was much tighter
than the suit I had worn the first night, tighter even than the vacuum
bed.  I was completely immobile, unable to even wiggle my fingers
or flex my legs.  All I could hear was the sound of blood rushing
in my ears.  The pressure made me feel like I was deep under water. 
I struggled to get my breathing under control and slowly I felt my heartbeat
slow down to a more reasonable rate.

I found that I could relax without stopping breathing although I was
still taking very short breaths.  I started to ease into the feeling
of isolation and pressure.  The strong rubber smell in my nose and
the absolute inability to move were getting me hot.  The dildo was
still inside me, pressed hard against me by the suit pressure, but it refused
to vibrate.  And I couldn't even squirm!

As I lay there, I started to feel really disoriented.  In spite
of the pressure all over me, or perhaps because of it, I started to lose
feeling.  I couldn't even move my skin against the latex so I was
getting no sensory input at all.  I guess I was actually floating
in the outer suit so there was not even a feeling of up and down. 
I felt giddy and detached from everything.  I wanted to cry out but
I couldn't make a sound.  I couldn't even hear my own grunts and groans
so I'm sure they didn't penetrate the two layers of rubber.

Time became meaningless.  I could have been in there for five minutes
or five years.  I had no idea.  My memories started bubbling
up in front of me like cartoons but I couldn't grasp hold of them. 
I tried to concentrate on things but they kept slipping away.  I couldn't
even count to five - I'd lose hold half way through.  I found I couldn't
remember where I was or how I got there.  I couldn't even remember
who I was.  My mind just wouldn't hold on to anything for long enough
for it to make sense.  It was like that half-awake dreaming where
you drift from scene to scene without any continuity but it was much more
intense.

When the suit finally started to deflate, all my nerves began to tingle
as the pressure eased.  It was like having pins and needles all over
at the same time.  With the outside pressure gone, the suit and hood
were still very tight but I could at least wriggle a little bit. 
At first it was involuntary - trying to ease the pins and needles - but
slowly I remembered who and where I was and I squirmed with the pleasure
of the experience I had just had and the knowledge of my situation.

Then suddenly I felt the almost-forgotten dildo come alive.  I
struggled to move my hands but they were firmly glued to my sides. 
Somehow I got my legs to move enough that I rolled first on my side and
then onto my stomach.  I writhed and struggled as the vibration took
me higher and higher until I felt a rocket explode inside me.  I gasped
air through my nose, but the cocooning pressure on my head, arms, legs
and body kept me coming in spite of the lack of oxygen.  I seemed
to keep coming forever.  Each time I thought it was over, I would
make a slight attempt at movement and the feeling of the tight latex on
my skin would make me cum all over again.  I could feel my body jerking
involuntarily as I grunted and gasped my way through this endless orgasm.

Eventually, the spasms lessened until I was just occasionally twitching
with aftershocks.  The dildo turned off and I heard my mistress' voice
coming through the hood.  "Are you all right, slave?"

I wriggled
to indicate I wanted to be on my back.  She understood and rolled
me over.

"Do you want to sleep like this?"

I nodded.

I felt
her stroke my face and run her hand down to fondle my breasts through the
latex.

"Can you breathe all right?" she asked.

I nodded again. 
I was already drifting off to sleep as she continued to gently stroke my
body.

I awoke in a euphoric state, cuddled as I was by the warm latex pressing
my body.  My mistress was already there and she rapidly removed my
cocoon.  She was already dressed for the road in a tight blue skirt
and blouse that emphasized her beautiful figure.  She was wearing
knee-length leather boots laced tightly.  She took me by the hand
and led me to the bathroom where I showered and prepared for whatever lay
ahead.

When I saw what was laid out on the bed, I nearly died.  My mistress
helped me into a leather corset that she laced as tightly as she could. 
She picked up a steel chastity belt with two large dildoes and fitted it
to me, slipping the plugs into me gently.  She fastened the belt behind
my waist with a small padlock.

"This is so that you will not forget
what you are," she said.  "I will turn these on whenever I feel like
it but you must not give any outward indication.  Only you and I will
know."

She put on a black latex bra that further accentuated my already
protruding breasts.  She helped me into full-length shiny black latex
gloves that hooked to the top of the corset so they would not roll down. 
She gave me a pair of black net stockings and a black latex garter belt
and made me put the on.

Next, she had me slip my feet into a leather leotard jacket that fitted
tight against my pussy and around my waist but had loose sleeves and shoulders. 
She zipped it up to just under my breasts and fitted a padlock on the inside
so that it could not be pulled up any further.  Around my neck, she
placed a tight black leather choker with a cameo at the front.  Then
she helped my feet into a pair of 4" heel black shoes with thick ankle
straps.

As I was dressing, I couldn't help getting excited by the way I looked
and felt, but I was also mortified at the idea that people would see me
like this - people I had known in my former life.  I tried to tell
myself that it didn't matter any more - that all that was behind me now
- but I kept seeing myself confronted with one of the buyers I knew well. 
What would they think or say?

Anya kept watching me as I dressed, gauging my reaction as if to test
how committed I was to being her slave.  If I was unwilling to wear
what she told me to wear, I was clearly not submissive enough to be a real
slave.  I started to get teary and came within a hair of giving in,
thinking I just couldn't go through with it, but the events of the last
few days and the strength of the emotions and feelings I had experienced
won the day.

My mistress made me sit down while she made up my face.  She was
more dramatic than I would have been, but the effect was striking and went
perfectly with the costume.

When I was ready, Anya put cuffs on my wrists and attached a chain that
went between my legs and fitted on to a ring on the back of the jacket. 
She then shackled my ankles and fitted a silk blindfold over my eyes. 
"I will take these off when we arrive but you will wear them on the journey."

She paused for a moment and then asked, "Do you still want to go through
with this?"

"Yes, mistress," I answered although the butterflies
in my stomach were screaming "NO, MISTRESS!"

She led me to the car and strapped me in tight, running the seat belt
over my chained hands so that I couldn't move them at all.  As we
drove, Anya told me that she had made some calls the previous evening that
might, if things worked out, make it possible for our relationship to continue.

"Assuming you still want it to when this week is over," she added.

My thoughts on the journey kept jumping from the wonderful feeling I had
wearing these clothes to the horrific thought of wearing them in public. 
My customers had always seen me dressed conservatively and I couldn't imagine
how they would react to seeing me like this.  Then I would think about
my wonderful mistress and my determination to survive the week would come
back.

We pulled into the parking lot at the hotel and Anya came around to
my side and released me, removing my bonds and blindfold.  "While
we are in public, I will use your old name, slave.  Don't ever forget
that it is no longer your name, that you are now nameless, just Anya's
slave.

"Now get the suitcases and follow me."

I did as she bid, struggling
with the four heavy suitcases.  As soon as we walked into the lobby,
everyone turned and stared at me.  People stopped in mid-conversation
to nudge their partners.  I felt myself flushing and again, I wanted
to just drop the suitcases and run away.  Tears of embarrassment came
to my eyes as I tried not to look back.

Anya proudly walked up to the reception desk, seemingly oblivious of
the spectacle we were making.  I stood patiently as she checked in,
looking at the floor, grateful that no-one came up to talk to me. 
I knew that I was under instructions not to speak and I didn't know how
I would handle it if anyone tried to talk to me.

While I was standing there trying to be invisible, Anya flipped on both
vibrators with her remote.  I nearly jumped out of my skin. 
I could hear them buzzing through my body and I was convinced that everyone
could hear them but when I glanced around, no-one seemed to have noticed. 
They were all trying to look like they were busy doing something while
sneaking glances every few seconds.  I struggled to stand still as
I felt my sex awakening, making me want to squirm and grab my pussy.

When my mistress had finished checking in, she beckoned me to follow
her to the elevators.  It was difficult to walk, let alone carry the
suitcases, with the vibrators exciting me, but somehow I managed it. 
I breathed a heavy sigh of relief when the door closed on just the two
of us.  The shame and embarrassment of the last few minutes flashed
into a huge release as I felt myself coming.  I was still shuddering
with pleasure as the elevator doors opened for a middle-aged woman in a
sedate business suit.  She looked at me and then at Anya and just
stood there in horror as the doors closed without her.  I couldn't
help but crack up at the look on her face.  Maybe this would be fun
after all.  Of course, this woman wasn't someone I knew.  Anya
was laughing too.  I wondered if she had been experiencing the same
anxiety herself.  She flashed me a loving look for just a moment but
then it was gone, replaced by her stern mistress persona.

When we reached our floor, I lugged the suitcases down the hall to our
room.  Anya flopped on the bed and watched me while I unpacked. 
When I had finished, she called me over to the bed.  She had taken
off her skirt and blouse and was sitting back in matching blue latex underwear. 
I nearly came just looking at how beautiful she was.  "We don't have
much time before we have to go downstairs.  I want you to satisfy
me," she said, laying back on the fluffed pillows and draping her hands
out to her sides.

Remembering how my mistress had enjoyed me the previous day, I picked
a pair of handcuffs out of the drawer and, turning my back to her, offered
my hands and the cuffs.  She put them on my wrists, squeezing them
until they hurt.  I turned around and knelt at the foot of the bed
where I could reach her foot with my lips.  I slowly kissed her, massaging
her boots with my tongue.  I worked my way up her leg, faster than
I would have liked, but conscious of the time.  She was moaning with
pleasure by the time I reached the top of the boot.  I was getting
hotter and hotter myself but I held myself in, concentrating on her pleasure. 
She was wearing beautifully patterned silk stockings and I continued to
work my way up, glad that my hands were cuffed because otherwise I couldn't
have stopped myself touching her.

By the time I reached her sex,
I was on the bed, lying on my front between her legs.  I had to writhe
my way up without the use of my hands and that made me even hotter. 
If she had not turned the vibrators off after I came in the elevator, I
would not have been able to stop myself.  I wanted to caress my own
pussy but I couldn't reach it with the handcuffs on.  I started to
lick and kiss her latex panties, feeling her soft pussy underneath them. 
Her moans were getting louder and I felt her hands take my head and push
it into her as she raised her knees to improve the contact.  I kept
working my lips and tongue against her shiny latex, feeling her build towards
a climax.  When she came, her shudder ran right through me and I was
only a second or two behind her.

We lay there for a couple of minutes breathing heavily until Anya got
up and started to dress.  I slipped off the bed and stood up, bathing
in the afterglow and thankful that she had given me such an opportunity
to please her and myself at the same time.  She touched up my make-up
and brushed my hair while I was still cuffed.  She stepped behind
me and grasped my breasts in her hands, squeezing my nipples through my
jacket.  I started to get hot all over again, but then she released
me and unlocked my handcuffs.

"Time to go," she said.

2001
