---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Angel’s Turn
authors:
- Gandalf
tags:
- Sbm
- collar
- cons
- X
date: 2003-06-10 00:00:00
---

Angel's Turn by Gandalf
Angel had given her boyfriend David a very special birthday present,
namely herself in a pretty strict bondage situation all tied up and ready
to go.  She wanted to give him a gift he wouldn't forget...and he
sure didn't!  David stood a lot taller than Angel at 6'4", and had
sandy blond hair and blue eyes.  The sort of blue eyes that could
look green, or very blue, depending on what he wore.  He had a fairly
solid build, reminiscent of his former athletics in high school.

Now David wanted to give her something in the same vein, since their
anniversary was fast approaching.  They'd been together almost 3 years,
and oh what fun they'd had so far.  He could only dream what else
they might do, since he was so kinky and she seemed so open to anything. 
A good combination, in David's opinion.  He was reluctant to say anything
at first, thinking he'd scare her off.  She soon asked if she could
use some scarves and a blindfold on him, promising him he'd enjoy it. 
He just sat back and relished in the experience, thinking that Angel had
no clue she'd hit the tip of the iceberg!  Soon they were taking turns
tying each other up, teasing, tickling, and sexually torturing each other
to the brink (and sometimes past the brink) of orgasm.

He wondered how she'd like to find her anniversary gift this year...or
more specifically in what position.  Different scenarios flashed through
his mind...strappado (like she did for him), a spreader bar of some sort,
so many possibilities!  He knew he wanted to have a ring gag for sure,
since he loved the feeling of having his mouth opened and loved it when
she lowered her smooth wet sex over him for him to lick, suck, and nibble,
making her even wetter!

Let's see... what else... he wanted to make sure there would be no way
he could get out, even if he wanted to, before she got home.  A posture
collar would be nice too, a good tall one that kept his head facing straight
ahead.  He grabbed a couple padlocks, one for the gag and one for
the collar, and decided he'd be better off dragging their "toy box" out
of the closet to make it easier to find what he wanted.  He grabbed
some wrist and ankle cuffs, as well as sufficient padlocks for those. 
Oooh, some elbow cuffs he hadn't had a chance to try yet.  He DID
say he wanted inescapable bondage, right?  He grabbed an old backpacking
strap too, one of the kind that would cinch down a sleeping bag to the
backpack.  After threading the end in the piece of hard plastic, if
it was pulled it tightened, but would take a person lifting up on the plastic
part to loosen.  Nice.  Thigh cuffs too.  Okay...now for
how to bring all the parts together.  And what would she love it if
he wore?

He thought he'd make it a little more interesting to leave her a note
on the dining room table, where she went right after getting home, sending
her on a little scavenger hunt around the house, gathering a key at a time,
along with the clue as to where to find the next one.  Once she had
hunted down all the keys, the last note would tell her the location of
her "gift."  He liked the thought of being a gift for someone, being
bound by his own doing, knowing there was only one person that he would
want to free him (eventually of course, not too soon \*wink\*).  It
made him hard just to think about it, and he desperately wanted to stroke
himself to a quick cum.  But he refrained, not wanting to spoil the
climax for her when the time came.  He went up to the attic, the least
occupied space in the house, and started to set up his self-bondage. 
He decided she would best like to see him nude, so he took off the boxer
briefs and threw them into a heap in the corner.

He laid a blanket down on the floor, and kneeled down to start his adventure. 
He locked the ankle cuffs on tightly, and strapped the thigh cuffs to his
thick muscular thighs as well, locking each in place with a quiet 'click.' 
He then locked his ankles to his thighs, essentially trapping him naked
on the attic floor.  He then squeezed the ring gag into his mouth,
keeping his mouth wide open.  He could feel himself start to drool
as he locked the gag tightly behind his head.  It didn't prevent him
from talking (though the speech he managed with that gag was sometimes
tough to understand).  Even if he didn't go through with the rest
of his planned "wrapping," he'd have a rather challenging time working
his way down the attic stairs and retrieving each of the hidden keys it
would take to release himself.  He worked the elbow cuffs on, one
at a time, after first stringing the backpack strap through the D-rings
on each.

After locking each of those in place he had maybe a foot or two of movement
with the strap behind him, the loose end he tied to his ankle cuffs, tying
his ankles together, as well as each ankle to its corresponding thigh. 
He then locked those lovely fleece-lined cuffs to his wrists very tightly,
and with some difficulty he threaded the hasp of one last padlock through
the D-rings on his wrist cuffs.  Before he snapped the lock he tugged
upward, cinching his elbows closer together behind him.  "It's really
too late to get out of this now," he thought, as he relished in the delightful
little 'click' that sealed him from any hope of freedom.  His swelling
cock stuck out hard and thick in front of him.

He had a good view of the little window that looked out over the front
yard.  He could see most of the driveway from where he was too, so
he could see her when she arrived.  He struggled pointlessly against
the cuffs and padlocks that held him prisoner and his erection only grew
in front of him, although he couldn't see it because of the posture collar. 
He could only look straight ahead, luckily he'd thought to turn himself
towards the window, thinking he'd need to have a fairly clear view of the
window and looking a different direction wasn't much of an option.

He definitely regretted not calling her just before she usually left,
so he really hoped she came straight home and didn't get caught up at the
office.  Otherwise he would be screwed...at least stuck how he was
for a bit until she decided to finally come home.  She did go out
after work sometimes with co-workers of hers, taking a few extra hours
for some relaxation and unwinding at a local bar.  He REALLY hoped
she didn't choose tonight to go though!

David could feel the drool dripping down his chin and onto his chest. 
He was glad he didn't have thick hair there, more light than anything and
hardly noticeable at all.  He started to sink back into his daydreams,
of Angel tormenting his thick hard cock with her lips, but never bringing
him past the brink.  Always close, sooooo close, but not ever quite
there.  She seemed to have a sixth sense about things like that, she
could tell when he was ready and would back off accordingly.

Incredibly seductive, and maddenly, tortuously teasing.  He was
brought back to reality with the sound of the phone ringing.  After
the customary four rings the machine picked up, and he heard himself tell
whoever was calling that no one was around, and to leave a message. 
His heart sank when he heard his girlfriend tell him she wasn't planning
on coming home for awhile--that co-workers were taking her out to celebrate
her anniversary (her co-workers seemed like borderline alcoholics, using
any excuse to go out and drink heavily).  He gulped and drooled some
more, and he could feel it dribbling down his chest towards his cock. 
He wished he hadn't used the larger ring gag this time...oh well, too late
for that now!

He could feel the thick leather of the posture collar wrapping tightly
around his neck, holding his head up straight and not allowing any movement. 
He struggled against the leather and locks for a long time (at least in
his mind, in reality maybe 20 minutes) and didn't even notice his girlfriend's
car pull into the driveway.  Nor did he notice when the front door
opened downstairs and his girlfriend strolled through the house finding
all the keys he'd hidden.  He finally was aware that someone else
was in the room by the shadow on the floor that stretched out diagonally
in front of him.  He couldn't see who, because he couldn't turn his
head, but he knew someone was there.  He heard the click of high heels
and smelled his girlfriend's perfume...ahhhh...Miracle...he'd been saved!

"I figured you'd do something like this to give me my turn after your
last birthday gift," Angel said in her sexiest voice.  "Thought I'd
play with your mind a little bit, just for some fun...did it work?" 
Her captive said nothing that resembled speech, sort of gurgled and garbled
were the 'words' David tried to say.

"Such a naughty boy...we'll have to do something about that." 
He then wasn't so sure he'd been rescued...he might be in for QUITE an
evening...

"Happy Birthday Angel," he tried to say through the large ring gag,
only it came out more like "Howee Burtheah Aahgul."
