---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Neighbor's Secret
authors:
- Lckdnrbbr
tags:
- Solo-m
- caught
- F/m
- plastic
- trash
- trashcan
- object
- cons
- X
---

It wasn't my fault! She's got one of those nice, big bins, and the company I use gave me one of those dinky cans. I guess I made a little bit too much noise getting in, because I'd only been in there about 15 minutes when she came down into the garage and found me out.
She startled a bit as she opened the lid, and then yelled at me. "What the hell! I thought you were a raccoon or something."
I would have answered, but I'd left the keys to my gag back in my garage next door. In my pants pocket. With the rest of my clothes. I held up my handcuffed hands and shrugged.
Shelly looked at me sideways, her startle and anger fading. We'd played games before, and both loved plastic, enclosure, and objectification, but we'd never talked about trash play. I wasn't sure if she'd be into it. That, and it was 1 AM on a Friday night.
"Okay. First things first, I've got to clean up this mess you made." She said, as she picked up the bags I'd left next to the can as I'd climbed in. She tossed them in without heed, and they bounced off me and into my lap as I protected my head with my hands. They piled up and were just about up to my face when she stopped.
"Here's the deal. I'm pooped. If you're gone in the morning when I wake up, we'll pretend this never happened, although you're definitely going to owe me. If you're still there in the morning, then you're just a piece of trash I have to figure out what to do with."
She closed the lid, and I could hear her pad back to the door and go inside.
It was a bit warm under that heavy, squishy plastic, and not everything smelled great, but nothing had gone rancid. Something was leaking on me, and was really slippery. My head was swimming from this turn of events, and I couldn't help myself from finding my way to a huge orgasm there in the can.
With the orgasm came a flood of "what am I doing" thoughts, but the trash was heavy and comfortable, and I must've nodded off.
I awoke with a start, clammy and uncomfortable where my butt met the trashbin. I shifted around a bit and got a soft bag under me. As I squished and squeaked through the trash, my arousal came back, but this time I was able to hold of the urge, and decided to stay in my little home. I drifted back off to sleep and actually slept well for a bit.
The next thing I heard was the sound of a screen door creaking open and slamming shut. I shifted in the bin again, and squinted at the light as Shelly flipped open the lid.
"Wow. I wasn't sure if you'd still be in there. You know, I've been thinking about this all night. I kept waking up and was having crazy trash dreams. I hope you cleared your weekend like a good boy, because at this point you've accepted the terms of my deal, you're mine."
I nodded, and the plastic crinkled around me and stuck to my face a bit. I shifted and tried to sit up better.
"Oh, don't worry about getting too situated right now, I need you to move around a bit. Shift over to the other side."
I did as I was told as Shelly disappeared from my vision. Now that morning was here, I really needed to pee, but I couldn't tell her that with this gag in. I was also quite a mess, I doubt she'd have let me in to her house, and even though it's only a short run across the lawn, I didn't relish the idea of running home in broad daylight like this. I might've gotten a little more than I bargained for here.
I jumped as I heard a loud noise at the side of the bin where I'd been leaning. It turned into a roar, and then I saw the end of a drillbit poke through. There were a few more drillings, this time with the bit poking through closer to the lid. Presumably for airholes.
Shelly stood up and leaned over my bin, smiling like a mad scientist, her hair in pigtails and pulled back by the safety goggles she'd just pulled up from her eyes.
"I left the lid ajar last night to make sure you got enough air, but we can't have that all the time, now can we? Besides, how am I supposed to lock the lid shut if I've got to leave it cracked open?"
Shelly and I met eyes, and I felt myself stand to full, almost painful attention against the plastic bags. I pressed against them slightly as I looked into her eyes and realized she was serious, and loving this. I let out a small "Mmmm" around my gag.
"Yup. You're in for a while here, trashboy. You wanted to be in there, you got it. Truth is, I'm getting hot just thinking about you as my trash, there to use or throw away as I see fit. Trash shouldn't be able to talk, and you already took care of that nicely for me" she said, stroking my face, and the leather of the gag. "But trash shouldn't be able to just get up and walk away, so let's take care of that, shall we?"
 
She reached her other hand down into the can with me, and looped a collar around my neck quickly, and forcefully. It was comfortable, but she pulled it together and fastened it tightly shut with authority. I felt the 'snick' of a lock before I could even think about what was happening. I went to bring my hands up to my neck, but the handcuffs got stuck in the plastic of the bags they were under. I could get untangled, but not quickly.
I heard a clinking, and realized Shelly had locked a chain to the end of my collar, and she was feeding it through the hole she'd drilled.
"Lean back over to this side" she said.
I hesitated a moment - this was getting serious quickly, and I was loving it, but was definitely a little scared.
I felt a hard pull on my collar, as the chain rattled through the hole and out of the can.
"I wasn't asking." She said, with a mischievous smile. I smiled back at her, harder than I'd ever been, and leaned towards the hole where the chain to my collar was rapidly disappearing.
"I'll leave you a little slack to move around if you're a good boy." she said. "Good boys know they're trash and that trash doesn't ask to get out before it's time. You're a good boy, right?"
I nodded.
"You've really got me worked up here. I swear, I'm tempted to weld this bolt to the chain and just keep you there. Maybe someday. For now I'll just screw it down nice and tight."
I heard her working with a ratchet, and sure enough, my chain was now bolted to the outside of the bin - I could only pull it a foot or so away from the edge, and certainly couldn't get out now.
She looked back in at me and smiled.
"Happy?" She asked?
I smiled and nodded. This was incredible, and so far I was loving it.
"Good. I'm glad my trash is happy. I even brought you some more friends."
With that, she disappeared, and I heard her make a heaving grunt sound. A huge black bag descended on top of me, and pressed down on me, sloshing around with it's weight. It covered my body and the bags already on top of me completely and pressed up near my face.
"I figured it's time for a little spring cleaning here, so I emptied the fridge and freezer."
Whatever was in that bag, it was heavy and wet, and my plastic prison was now a lot less roomy, pressing against me on all sides.
"Well, that should do it for now." She said as she closed the lid. "See you in a while trash."
She walked away a few steps, but then paused.
"Oops, almost forgot. Can't have the raccoons getting in here and waking me up again, can I?" She said as she cracked the lid and peeked through. There was that mischievous smile again.
She pressed the lid tight, and I heard the loud click of a big master lock, and then heard it thud against the side of the bin.
That was that. I was naked, handcuffed and gagged, with a locked collar chained to the side of the bin, totally compressed in heavy, soft, squishy trashbags, and now I was locked in from the top as well.
I shuddered with a pre-orgasm, and I hadn't even touched myself yet.
This weekend was going to be fun.
-----------------------
Want to read more, let me know at [lckdnrbbr@hotmail.com](mailto:lckdnrbbr@hotmail.com), and give me some ideas! Here's a rough outline of the rest of the story
-----------------------
Chapter two - spring cleaning
Chapter three - lazy sunday
Part 2 - a weeks vacation ?
Discuss this story or leave comments on Livejournal [Trashbagging](http://community.livejournal.com/trashbagging/30968.html)

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=831.0)

31.03.08

story continues in [**The Neighbor's Secret 2: Spring Cleaning**](neighbours_secret2.html)

o0o
