---
original_url: https://www.packagedstories.net/storiesad/cruise_in.html
subcategory: Packaged/Encasement
title: Cruise In
authors:
- Subdriver
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- car trunk
- cons
- X
date: 2005-11-19 00:00:00
---

Well, it’s been a couple of weeks since I last posted anything of consequence,
in part because real life has been so unfairly taking up my time, and in
part because my wife and I have been doing anything truly outstanding.
Sure, we’ve been playing our routine bondage games, but honestly, how many
times can I post “tied her up, stuffed her in a box/bag/cabinet/car trunk
and left her there all day/afternoon/evening/night before the forum gets
bored with it?

Saturday we had plans to take one of our cars to a cruise-in. Preparation
for any type of car show, meet, or cruise always begins with washing the
car. I awakened at six that morning and pulled the car out of the garage,
into the space I had left for it behind one of our daily drivers. With
the car outdoors, it was now ready to be washed. I decided that this chore
should be my wife’s. Since she would most likely get wet doing it, I decided
that it would be best if she washed the car naked, hence the early morning
chore... there are simply fewer passers-by at such an early hour to happen
upon her and interrupt her work.

Of course, she wasn’t completely nude. She did have some rope to help
cover her. I hobbled her ankles with a length of rope, then tied her elbows
snugly, but not quite together, behind her back. This done, I tethered
her wrists in front of her with another length of rope, then added a nice
ball gag to complete her ensemble. I wanted to add something new to her
dilemma, as she had washed the car under such circumstances several times
before. I decided that. if the chance of been seen bound and gagged nude
washing a car made her anxious, that being seen with her breasts bound
and purple would add to the effect. So, I bound her breasts tightly, encircling
each one with several strands of tight rope. Still not content, I added
a butt plug, tied in place with a nice, tight crotch rope. Dressed appropriately
now, I sent her out into the cool morning air, bucket and sponge in hand.

Realistically, there was little chance of her being seen. The other
car in the driveway was parked at a slight angle, nearly blocking any view
from the street. Our neighbors were away for the weekend, and the house
and the shrubs blocked any view from either side of the driveway. Still,
there was a slim chance that someone would see her, and my wife nervously
scurried to finish her chore before the neighborhood began to stir. Not
an easy task for a bound and hobbled woman.

With the car washed, I released my wife from her bondage and sent her
in to shower while I waxed the car. After her shower, I placed her back
into bondage. I began by binding her breasts again, this time using plastic
cable ties. I placed a cable tie around each breast and pulled it tight,
again binding her breasts into round, swollen mounds. Using a pair of wire
cutters, I snipped the excess cable tie off close to the locking tab. With
leather in hand, I strapped her into her favorite position, with her knees
held folded tight against her shoulders and her legs held spread wide by
a strap across her back. I strapped her ankles down to her thighs, then
cuffed her wrists to the sides of her ankles. For her gag, I again went
with her favorite, a dental spreader gag, to complete her “wide open” look.

With her now nicely bundled up, I carried her out to the car and plopped
her into the trunk. Leaving the trunk open and her helpless, naked, and
completely exposed, I went back into the house and rummaged around a bit,
taking my time to select the right dildo and butt plug for her. After several
minutes - which to her seemed much longer, I returned, packing each piece
of plastic firmly in place there beneath the morning sun.

Content that she was now firmly filled, I returned to the house to change,
again leaving the trunk open. For my wife, her situation was quite tense.
She was completely nude, gagged, bound, spread wide and exposed, left to
be found with her most intimate parts packed full of plastic by anyone
who happened up our driveway. Of course, there was no one to happen upon
her. There are no sidewalks along the semi-rural street on which we live,
and thus, no pedestrians. Still, she was quite relieved when I returned
to lock her in.

Before leaving for the cruise-in, I tossed in a small bag containing
some brief clothing for my wife: an ass length silver mini skirt, a leather
halter, and a pair of four inch black spiked heels. I knew that she would
be upset if she were to spend the entire cruise-in locked in the trunk,
and while I didn’t have a problem with it, I was sure that the other cruisers
might object to her being naked.

We arrived at the cruise-in at a local restaurant around one, in time
for registration. I parked the car on the end of one aisle, where we were
the last car for several hours, until a late arrival parked next to us.
My wife was forced to remain in the trunk, listening to people walk by,
admiring the car and discussing it with me. One couple asked where she
was. I couldn’t resist using the age-old line, “She’s tied up right now”.
Sorry.

Whenever the coast was clear, I would open the trunk and give my wife’s
dildo a few quick thrusts, then close the lid again. After a few hours,
I opened the trunk, removed her dildo, disconnected her ankles from her
wrists, unbuckled the strap holding her legs folded, and told her to free
herself without removing her cuffs, collar, plug, or breast bondage. I
tossed her clothes in the trunk and instructed her to get dressed, then
again closed the lid, allowing her some privacy.

After a while I released my now barely dressed wife from the trunk,
allowing her to enjoy the rest of the cruise-in. While the tight leather
halter concealed her breast bondage completely, it also compressed her
ample breasts onto their bonds, adding a constant level of discomfort for
her. Added to her dilemma was her short, loose fitting skirt, which required
her to move cautiously, so as not to reveal her bare, plugged bottom. Her
situation was complicated by the natural attention her wardrobe-and its
contents, were drawing, all nicely accentuated by her thick black collar
and cuffs.

Despite the best attempts of the afternoon breeze to expose her, she
made it through the event without flashing too many people.

Actually, I barely touched on some of the precautions that I take with
her. One of the most important is testing the CO levels in the car's trunk
with a CO detector. I always test the car both at idle for fifteen minutes
and driving in normal traffic for thirty minutes before loading her in.

As for her stroll around the parking lot, well, I have some other plans
for her that we are about to try out. I'm sure that by the time I'm done
with her, she will consider that afternoon to be a walk in the park.
