---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Andrea
authors:
- Unknown
tags:
- F-m
- shrink
- D-s
- foot
- breathplay
- reluct
- X
date: 2009-02-06 00:00:00
---

High
school, such a dreaded period for many teenagers, but not Andrea.

Andrea is
a beautiful brown haired, Spanish girl with great tanned skin and a
smile that could make hearts melt. She literally had the world at her feet,
as we will soon discover.

"Hurry up,
were almost out of time", Andrea angrily whispered, seemingly to
herself.

"I’m doing the best I can!" came anguished the reply over her tiny ear
speaker.

Advanced Trigonometry was not an easy subject for anyone.
Andrea could not even read the problems, much less decipher them.

Her
teachers were constantly amazed. "How do you do it? You never take
notes, yet you maintain straight A’s."

Andrea always smiled, "Just natural I
guess". They didn’t know her secret.

"The answer is the square root of
12.43!" came the excited voice.

Andrea quickly jotted it down.

Just in
time too. The bell rang 25 seconds later and Mr. Wong collected the tests.
Andrea gathered her books and rushed out of the classroom to her car.
School was over for the day.

Andrea unbuttoned the top button of her
shirt once inside her car. Behind the lapel she retrieved a small pouch. She
placed the pouch on the seat next to her.

"Come out", she hissed
angrily.

A tiny figure came out of the opening.

Andrea concentrated and the figure grew to 4”. It was a man.

"How dare you almost
humiliate me like that?"

The man spoke into his wireless head set, of which
there was a receiver in Andrea’s ear. "I am so sorry your highness,
my calculator was malfunctioning and I could not work any faster".

"Take off that ridiculous head set! I can hear you just fine at your size."

The man did so.

"You will be punished when I get home."

The man just sat
in silence. He remembered this girl coming into his office at the
university. "Are you the one who wrote these great math books?"

" Why yes young
lady. Do you enjoy mathematics?"

" Yeah, but I’ll leave the math to
mathematicians." With that, she closed her eyes and the maths professor was no
more. He was still standing, but now he was about three inches tall
staring up at this towering young goddess. He passed out from shock.
With little ado, she reached down, plucked him up, and put him in her purse.

Her car pulled into the driveway. He knew they were home and he was
dreading her punishment. He had received many since that day at his
office, but quite infrequently lately, as he knew the things that upset her
and tried to avoid them.

She took
him upstairs to her room, saying Hi to her mom on the way by.

"Hi Andrea,
how was your test?"

"Fine mom, I’ll be in my room, there’s something
I gotta do."

"Ok Andrea, dinner will be ready at six. We're having
Italian tonight."

"Sounds great Mom, I’ll be down later."

She put her little
puppet on the floor in front of her bed, sat down on the edge of the bed
and crossed her legs so her one foot was directly in front and over
him. She looked at him and he started to grow. He was now about 12 inches
tall. He went down to his knees and started crying.

"Please your
highness, it was not my fault. My calculator was not working. I had to..."

"SHUT
UP! I don’t want to hear your excuses. Take off my shoes NOW."

Andrea was
wearing her white Nikes, white socks, blue jeans, and the button
down shirt.

"Yes your highness," came the sobbering response.

He struggled,
but he was able to untie the laces and pull off the shoe from the
crossed leg.

"Now the sock!" she ordered.

Andrea was pleased with herself.
Here was a 50 year old, ex university professor, who was now taking her
dirty sock off of her warm foot. She enjoyed demeaning him, as she
enjoyed demeaning all her subjects. The more important they were in their
former lives, the more she enjoyed their humiliation. Manual labor was
not this man’s forte, but under her control, his forte was whatever
she wanted it to be.

"You may kiss the royal foot", Andrea said as she looked
coolly down at him.

"Yes princess Andrea." He put his mouth and lips to
the warm flesh of her foot. It did not stink, but there was an obvious
foot aroma emanating. He could taste it in his mouth as it filled all
of his senses.

Andrea smiled. She never tired of this feeling.
Complete, utter, absolute control over a human being. She reveled in
this feeling of power.

Andrea snapped her fingers, "Get under my foot
and lick the bottom of my foot."

She liked the sound of that. She liked
snapping her little fingers, it was so demeaning.

"Where do you rank in my
world my little professor?"

"I am lower than the bottom of your foot!" came
the muffled response. "The sweat that I am licking from your soles is
more valuable than me because it came from your body."

Andrea giggled.
"That’s right, you are just an object to me. I own you like I own my
shoes. The dust on my feet is equal to you, do you understand that?"

With
that she lowered her foot and knocked him down. He laid flat on the
floor. She lowered her foot so that the middle of her foot was right on
his face. She pressed down a little and he could not breath. She held
him there for a minute than lifted her foot.

She heard him gasping
for air and laughed. "Are you going to behave from now on?"

"Yes your
highness, I will not fail you again."

"We’ll see." Andrea uncrossed her leg
and crossed over her other leg. "You know what to do."

He did. "Yes your
highness." He proceeded to remove her other shoe.

"Now my moist sock."

"Yes
princess Andrea."

She was a princess, and one of her subjects was toiling
away with her used sock.

"You may now kiss this royal foot."

"Thank you
highness."

Andrea smiled, he was thanking her for the privilege of touching
her dirty foot.

"Now the bottom. Make sure you lick all the lint off!"

"Yes
your highness."

After a few minutes she again pushed him down with her
foot. Again she smashed his face with her sole so he could not breath.
Andrea pressed down for a minute at a time and released for two seconds
and repeated. This went on for about ten minutes. It was shear torture
for the professor. He was deprived of oxygen and only allowed to breathe
for what seemed a split second. To him, the torture seemed to last for
an hour. He finally blacked out.

Andrea stopped when she no longer
heard him gasping for air. He came to after a minute.

"So, you see what
happens when I get upset, I won’t put up with your crap. If you cannot
serve me properly, I will just replace you. Do you understand?"

He was crying
now. "Yes your highness, yes, I do understand."

He knelt at her foot
sobbing and kissing her toes repeatedly. "I’m so sorry your highness,"
he said over and over.

Andrea sat with a smug look on her face. This
little slave belongs to me mind, body, and soul she thought.

She looked
down and just enjoyed the moment. The little professor just kept
kissing.
