---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Conventional Affair
authors:
- Darkwolf
tags:
- Sbf
- F+/f+
- mast
- gag
- clamps
- toys
- buttplug
- rope
- bond
- costume
- maid
- oral
- naked
- strapon
- climax
- mum
- blindfold
- catheter
- armbinder
- rom
- cons
- X
date: 2025-02-15 00:00:00
---

### Epilogue

It was an absolutely beautiful night. The skies were clear and the stars twinkled overhead like a vast and glittering blanket, so bright that even the city’s light pollution could not hide the awe inspiring scope of the firmament. Moreover the heat of the day had finally faded into a gentle and comfortable warmth while a light breeze stirred the balmy air and eased the heavy humidity that had settled during the day. And yet the slender figure slowly making her way down the mostly abandoned streets, flitting from shadow to shadow like a ghost as she passed through the pools of light cast by overhead streetlamps, was hardly paying attention to the view.

Clad in little more than a pair of tight shorts and a matching sports bra that left almost the entirety of her pale, tattooed skin on display and drew what few eyes were watching to her slender and toned but still noticeable curved frame, Claudia Reed certainly cut an enticing figure. Readjusting the duffle bag tossed over one shoulder, the slight girl rolled her neck almost unconsciously and frowned. Normally she felt energized and even relaxed after a trip to the gym, the burn in her muscles almost pleasant in a strange way, but today had been one of the most frustrating days she could remember in a long time and she spoke as a woman who had spent more than six months straight in a chastity belt once. Not only had the shop been incredibly busy this afternoon, exacerbated by the fact that she had been the only one working today, but despite all of her best efforts a growing sense of sexual frustration had been building to a boiling point. A spark of arousal that refused to be sated no matter how often, or how intensely, she masturbated. Even hitting her exercise routine harder and longer than normal had failed to burn away the ardor and had merely left her tired and sore and wet in ways that had nothing to do with the sheen of sweat still clinging to her pale skin and messy brown hair.

No, the plain and simple truth was that she missed her lovers dearly and desperately wanted to be by their side for all that they had only been away for a few days. It was not the time though, she had endured far longer periods of separation than this, it was the bitterly frustrating and yet terribly exciting knowledge that they were off on a grand adventure without her, exploring an actual BDSM convention, that drove the feeling of discontent lingering in her heart. She knew it was no one’s fault of course, just poor luck and bad scheduling, and her mistresses had been terribly apologetic. Brianna had even offered to cancel just for her sake, a gesture that had both made the tattooed girl smile and made her love her girlfriend just that much more, but in the end she had bade them go. No need to miss out on her account, and besides they had promised to take plenty of pictures.

Therein lay the problem.

Her lovers had been every bit as true to their word as she’d known they would be, but every text, every image, and every little hint that they had shared only seemed to make her miss them more, and regret not being able to share in the wonder first hand. And that was before she even considered the way her libido had seemed to kick into overdrive. Case in point, almost despite herself Claudia stared at the most recent image they had shared, eyes glued to the slender phone held tightly in her hand as if that gently glowing screen held the secrets of the universe itself. Framed in the center of a hastily snapped selfie were three women, crowded shoulder to shoulder as they tried to squeeze in frame. Sofia herself, who was clearly holding the camera, looked the most ordinary in a pair of tight fitting slacks and a well-tailored suit jacket that had been buttoned just enough to cover her chest but not enough to hide the fact that she wore nothing between it and her smoothly tanned skin save for the leather collar around her throat. A look that somehow suited the boisterous blonde perfectly while flattering her athletic frame in a way that was hard to describe. In sharp contrast Roxanna wore practically nothing, little more than a bodysuit of fine mesh and delicate lace clinging to her body, the garment’s high cut hips and halter top leaving little to the imagination while cutouts in the chest ensured that the woman’s shapely breasts were completely bare save for some strategically placed pieces of tape. It was enough to make Claudia’s breath catch in her throat for while she had seen her mistress naked more times that she could count she had *never* seen the olive-skinned woman wear something so utterly brazen while also looking so utterly comfortable in her own skin. And then there was Brianna at the center of it all, the blue-haired girl smiling around her ball gag as best she could as she modeled a long skirt, slit up one side to reveal stocking-clad legs underneath, while a tight corset cinched her waist beautifully. And yet the most striking part of the ensemble was not her clothing, but the way the monoglove snugly imprisoning her arms left her shoulders and chest completely bare to both expose her breasts and show off the ornate piercings dangling from hard and eager nipples.

Each one was stunning in their own right, but together? Together the effect was almost indescribable and Claudia found herself sighing ever so slightly as she caressed the screen with the tip of her thumb, “You have no idea what you do to me, do you?”

It was hardly a fair question, the tattooed girl was well aware that her mistresses knew *exactly* what they did to her, but as she idly scrolled through the collection of other photos they had sent over the course of the weekend she could not help but wonder. Brianna dolled up in her pony gear, grinning around a familiar bit gag as she happily trotted along on a leash. Brianna chained down to a bed, gagged and blindfolded and back arched sharply as she was edged to within an inch of her life. Brianna, still damp from the pool, naked as the day she was born save for the chastity belt locked about her hips as she stood side by side with a busty and equally naked redhead, the older woman’s sultry smile practically a physical force even in a picture. Brianna blushing fiercely as she took an almost awkward selfie with the infamous Lucrezia Blue, the extensively pierced and heavily tattooed porn star wearing naught but a string bikini and grinning like the cat that had just committed cannibalism. And finally, Brianna in her pony gear once again standing between the same redhead from the pool and a rather tall and muscular woman with undercut hair pulled back sharply, both similarly bound and adorned for pony play while a pale brunette with a riding crop held court over the entire affair while perched upon the back of a poor girl encased in latex and trapped in the inescapable grasp of a bitchsuit. A position that Claudia herself was more than familiar with, having spend hours similarly bound and forced to crawl on all fours as she was led about the house or around the back yard, often with a plug up her ass and a gag in her mouth, naked body adorned with naught but the cat ears perched on her head and the tail trailing along behind her.

Feeling a new pulse of arousal shoot straight into her already throbbing pussy, the cool night air doing little to cool the sudden warmth even as it made her own nipples stand out proudly through the skin-tight material of her bra, the tattooed girl shivered for reasons that had nothing to do with the chill and hugged herself tightly. It was almost funny in a way. As wild and as kinky as her sex life had been before meeting Brianna, the blue-haired girl’s seemingly endless enthusiasm for bondage and submission had massively expanded both of their horizons and served as keen inspiration for their mistresses’… *creativity*. A fact that she would be forever grateful for even if thinking on it now only made her long for their touch even more.

Not that she had been left completely in the cold, of course. Claudia liked to think she’d given as good as she’d got over the last two days, taking every opportunity presented to needle her girlfriend playfully via text, teasing the girl about all the wild people and wilder situations she seemed to stumble upon without even trying. And thanks to Sofia and Roxanna’s scheming, as well as the miracle of technology, she’d been given the opportunity to tease Brianna in a much more literal way as well, pushing the poor girl to the very edge and making her beg for release while putting on a show of her own all the while. Another memory that made her shiver with barely suppressed desire. Beyond that she had even managed to sneak in a few candid photos of her own to try and even the scales, the memory of slipping into the back room of Curios and Relics to practically strip naked and take ever more revealing pictures as she’d touched herself to the point of orgasm bringing both a smile to Claudia’s face and a blush to her cheeks. While the tattooed girl considered herself to be fairly shameless by and large, proud of who she was and how she loved and certainly not ashamed of her body, it had still been one of the craziest and most exciting things she had ever done. For all that she had joked about taking Brianna into the back and fucking her brains out on those few occasions when the blue-haired girl had managed to swing by the shop, she had never actually done anything even remotely that risque before and the idea that her employer or even some random customer could have wandered in and heard her shamelessly loud cries of pleasure as she’d fingered herself only made the memory even more intense.

Shaking her head to try and clear it, Claudia’s smile turned almost sardonic as she glanced at her phone again, eyes lingering on Brianna’s blushing and yet clearly happy face, “You really do live a charmed life, my girl. I hope you appreciate it.”

Part of her knew she was being unfair again; Brianna was keenly aware of just how lucky she was to live the life that she did and never ceased to remind each and every one of her lovers just how much she appreciated them, and how thankful she was for everything they had done for her. Still, the sentiment felt appropriate somehow and so the tattooed girl just let out an amused sigh as she shook her head again and tucked her phone back into her bag, trying her best to stay focused as she continued on, down the street. Thankfully the gym was only a short walk from her home, one of the main reasons she had chosen it after all, and before she knew it the familiar sight of her apartment complex came into view.

Buoyed by the realization that she was almost home, and finally feeling the strain of her perhaps overly aggressive workout, Claudia grinned as she broke into a jog, the wind flying through her still damp hair in a shockingly pleasant way as she darted across the street with barely a glance to either side and made a beeline for that squat semi-circle of building across the way. The soles of her sneakers striking asphalt with a satisfying sound as she cut through the parking lot, weaving around the haphazard collection of cars scattered about and suppressing the urge to let out a triumphant cry as she practically leaped over playground equipment in the courtyard, the slender figure mounted the stairs to the second floor landing two at a time before finally reaching her apartment. Breathing just a bit heavily now, a fresh sheen of sweat covering her skin once again, Claudia practically skidded to a halt in front of her door, the freshly applied green paint appearing almost black in the half light and making the little brass ‘236’ tacked to the old but still sturdy wood stand out sharply. Sparing a moment to try and center herself, and to catch her breath, the tattooed figure spent a long moment digging through her bag before finally finding her keys and slipping inside.

Instinctively groping for the light switch as she crossed the threshold, illuminating the cozily cramped and yet comfortingly familiar living room beyond, Claudia effortlessly kicked off her shoes one at a time while allowing the duffle bag to slip from her shoulder and land on the floor with dull yet satisfying thud. Wriggling her toes to savor the almost decadent feeling of soft carpeting beneath bare feet, the tattooed girl spared a moment to stretch, reaching skyward with both arms, fingers intertwined, to work both shoulders and pop her vertebrae one at a time. Eye sliding closed as she tried and failed to suppress an almost sensual moan of relief, the slender brunette finally twisted her head to crack her neck before finally setting off down the narrow hall that ran the length of her apartment, casually stripping off her top as she did so. Unbidden her stomach rumbled softly as she passed through the kitchenette and for the briefest instant she considered stopping for a snack before showering but ultimately dismissed the idea. She had eaten dinner earlier after all, and while she often felt a little peckish after a good workout she knew the feeling would pass soon enough. Besides, she had to smell like death after that workout. So instead she just pulled her shorts down over her hips, practically peeling the spandex from clammy skin, and strode fully naked into the bathroom, tossing her clothes into the hamper with one hand while switching on the lights with the other. For a moment the fluorescent glare glinting off white tile was blinding, but she ignored that until her eyes managed to adjust and marched straight up to the shower, throwing the curtain aside casually and turning the water on full blast before stepping inside without a care in the world.

At first the icy sting was almost shocking, if strangely pleasant on her heated skin, but soon enough the water began to warm and Claudia found herself relaxing bit by bit as tension fled sore muscles and she leaned back into the spray to allow it to sluice over her body and wash away the grimy feeling of dried sweat. For a long moment she just stood there, reveling in the soothing heat and the curiously pleasant sensation of being caressed by the thick clouds of steam filling the air, but it could not last. Eventually the tattooed girl let out a sigh and blindly groped for the shampoo, ducking her head under the water to begin lathering her messy brown hair. And yet, as she worked, hands dropping down to scrub pale skin once her hair was thoroughly washed, her touch began to linger in more… *delicate* places.

Almost unconsciously she allowed her hands to roam, palms gliding up and down her slim frame as she traced the contours of her abdominal muscles and outlined the edges of her ribs, as well as the poem tattooed onto her side. Biting her lip to suppress an almost whimpering moan as she lost herself in the familiar pleasure of her own touch, and the rising excitement of exploring her most sensitive places, the brunette’s hands rose to cup her slight breasts. Moaning again as strong fingers kneaded and teased those delicate mounts before tugging playfully on hard and eager nipples she found herself squirming, thighs clamped tightly together against the pulsing heat between her legs as her mind began to wander, visions of her lovers sharing the moment with her dancing in her head as she trembled, the phantom sensation of their heat pressed against her skin and their hands worshiping her body sending a shiver down her spine.

Truth be told, while Claudia had never been ashamed of her body she had still always considered herself fairly nondescript in appearance. Too scrawny, too bony, lips that were too thin and curves that could at best be called modest, though she was rather proud of the way her toned stomach emphasized her narrow waist. Still, when combined with messy brown hair and matching eyes she often felt like just another face in the crowd, and a fairly plain one at that, especially when compared to her lovers. When considered next to Roxanna’s elegant femininity, Sofia’s lush athleticism, and Brianna’s intoxicating innocence combined with the girl’s absolutely incredible ass she often wondered just how she had been so lucky to have such beautiful women in her life. And yet, from the very first moment none of them had ever made her feel that way. The way they looked at her, the way they touched her and held her and especially the way they *fucked* her had always made her feel special and beautiful and oh so loved.

Unbidden a shiver wracked the tattooed girl’s slender frame as she allowed a hand to drift back down her body, fingers practically caressing the rainflowers etched onto her pelvis before trailing down between her legs. A gasp escaped Claudia’s throat then as fingertips brushed against the swollen and achingly sensitive lips of her labia with a spider light touch and not for the first time she could not help but wonder what it must be like to be pierced in such an intimate place like Brianna was. The blue-haired girl had certainly never seemed to have any complaints after all. Memories of lapping at her girlfriend’s clit, and flicking at the little silvery stud pierced through it, drew a smile to her slender lips and made her own pussy clench in sympathy. For a moment she was tempted, sorely tempted, to plunge her fingers as deep as she could into her own aching body and finally sate the fires raging within, but in a display of almost superhuman effort the tattooed girl managed to wrench her hand away at the last moment, clenching them tight to try and still the quivering in her muscles as the loss of contact drew a tiny whimper from her throat. As much as every fiber in her being cried out for release she wanted, no, *needed,* more than a quick fuck in the shower to be satisfied.

Far more.

Drawing another deep breath to try and steady herself, with limited success, Claudia finished washing with almost workmanlike precision, ducking her head back under the spray to quickly but thoroughly rinse clean before bumping the shower valve with her hip to shut off the water and reaching around the shower curtain to grab a fresh towel off the rack. Hands still shaking just a bit, she swiftly pulled the cloth around her shoulders and climbed out of the tub to begin drying off. Moving as quickly as she could, barely sparing a moment to make sure her hair was no longer dripping wet, the tattooed girl stepped out into the hallway, keenly aware of the way cool air rushed over still damp skin with almost shocking intensity and yet, even as goosebumps rose across her body she could not help but smile. Compared to the heated ardor still pulsing in her veins the sensation was a surprisingly pleasant one.

Shaking her head, she idly balled the towel up and tossed it into the hamper to join her exercise clothes before striding down the hall and into her bedroom. As soon as she was through the door she instinctively reached out to turn on the overhead lights but after a moment’s hesitation she paused and instead crossed to her vanity and turned on the tiny lamp perched atop it instead. Sitting down she took a moment to let her eyes to adjust to the dim light now permeating the small, darkened room but when they did she could not help but smile again at the way the faint illumination bathed the space in irregular shadows and transformed the tattoos decorating her arms into literal pools of darkness atop her pale skin. Much more satisfied with the subdued and subtly romantic atmosphere, Claudia glanced up to look at herself in the mirror, her flush transformed into an odd and almost unworldly glow while her eyes practically glinted like a cat’s in the gloom. Roughly combing her still damp hair into some semblance of order with her fingers, the slender girl spent a long moment studying herself before suddenly reaching out to touch the glass and run the tip of her thumb over her reflection, as if caressing her mirror twin’s cheek. Biting her lip, the girl allowed her eyes to slide half closed and tilted her head ever so slightly as she imagined it was Sofia or Roxanna or Brianna touching her, a ghostly sensation grazing her skin as she remembered a thousand such caresses.

For all that she was alone it was such a strangely intimate gesture, the contrast of cool glass beneath heated skin only amplifying that feeling and she found herself smiling ever so slightly. Eventually tearing her gaze away from the mirror, Claudia reached down to open one of the drawers to her left and began to worry her lip ever so slightly, a new flush of excitement darkening her face as she took in the collection of toys waiting for her. After a moment’s consideration, a dozen different scenarios flashing through her head one after the other, she snatched up one of her gags and slipped the black rubber ball into her mouth with practiced ease before tightening it snugly in place, the familiar pressure on her jaws drawing a tiny, excited moan from deep in her throat as she looked up into the mirror again. More than once the tattooed girl had been told she had a mouth built to be gagged, both in the fact that she could tolerate even the largest of intruders for an extended period of time and how utterly sexy it made her look to have her lips stretched into an ‘O’ of surprise while tight leather straps dimpled her cheeks. While she personally though just about any woman looked sexy in a ball gag, a fact that Brianna seemed to prove, she also could not help but agree that *something* about the experience of having her mouth stuffed just did it for and she felt a grin tug at the corners of her lips despite the intrusion as she unconsciously posed for herself. Giggling a bit at her own antics, the tattooed girl nonetheless let out a sigh and reluctantly popped the gag free. Truth be told, no matter how it looked this particular toy was a bit small to be a proper challenge any longer and, experienced though she might be, it was usually a bad idea to sleep while gagged unless you had someone to watch over you, or had something a bit more specialized. And so, after fully removing the ball gag and cleaning the rubber with some disinfectant before setting it aside, Claudia reached back into the drawer to retrieve another, much more complex gag. One of several that she liked to sleep in when she had the chance, and one that could be adjusted from comfortably snug to brutally tight depending on how masochistic she was feeling and right now she was in the mood for a challenge.

Biting her lip again, Claudia held up the panel of dark leather that would cover her mouth completely when worn and examined it carefully, noting the way the inflatable plug affixed to the interior promised to silence her utterly and how the tiny breathing tube running through it would allow her to remain gagged for as long as she liked without issue. Swallowing softly, and trembling ever so slightly with anticipation, she took the device in both hands and parted her lips to slowly slide the plug deep into her mouth until it depressed her tongue completely and seated behind her teeth with a faint pop. Satisfied with the fit, she began to pull the straps taut one by one, nimble fingers easily fastening them across her cheeks, under her chin and over her forehead before buckling them tighter and tighter and *tighter.* So tight that the leather practically creaked beneath the strain and left her feeling practically muzzled. Moaning quietly as the almost electric sensation of being well and truly gagged washed over her, the slender girl spent what felt like a long moment simply taking deep breaths through the plug, as if to assure herself that she could, before tentatively reaching up to touch her face and run her fingers over the cool leather imprisoning her lips, well aware that it could not work loose no matter how much she struggled.

Shivering again at that odd and yet oddly familiar sensation, she continued tracing the outlines of the gag for a handful of heartbeats before wrapping the slender hose hanging from the center of the panel around her fingers and trailing along the smooth rubber to take hold of the attached squeeze bulb. Testing her grip she pumped the gag once, then twice, inflating the plug just enough to fill her mouth before quickly twisting the release valve between thumb and forefinger to deflate it. A process she repeated a few times, more for her own amusement than anything else, a tiny muffled giggle escaping her throat as she shook her head at her own antics, the sudden movement making the pump whip back and forth in response.

Confident now that the gag was working as intended, Claudia turned her attention back to her collection of goodies and pulled out a number of additional toys in quick succession. A tightly wound coil of waxed hemp rope, a pair of adjustable nipple clamps connected together by a short chain, and her favorite magic wand vibrator alongside a fairly large dildo and a heavy steel butt plug that fit comfortably in her palm. Setting them down on the vanity one by one, she took the plug and made sure to thoroughly coat it with KY before standing up and leaning over the dressing table just enough to insert the device into herself. Gasping at the sudden contact between chilled metal and heated skin, and wincing ever so slightly at the resistance her body offered despite this being far from the largest plug she had ever worn, the slender figure simply pushed harder and moaned deep in her throat at the pleasant sense of fullness that followed when the toy finally seated itself fully. Slowly rocking her hips back and forth to enjoy the sensation as she gathered up the rest of her gear, well aware of the fact that she’d have been grinning ear to ear had she been capable at the moment, the girl quickly crossed the room and crawled into bed, reveling in the feeling of soft sheets caressing her body as she wriggled into a more comfortable position before finally deciding to simply throw the covers aside.

Heart practically racing in her chest now, Claudia rolled onto her back and simply stared up at the shadowed ceiling as she allowed a hand to roam up and down the smooth expanse of her stomach in nonsense patterns for a long moment before finally moving to attach the clamps to hard and eager nipples, a tiny wince and muffled whimper following as hard metal bit into sensitive flesh in a burst of painful pleasure. From there she spread pale thighs as best she could to slide the dildo’s full length into her aching pussy bit by bit, muscles gripping the intruder with almost desperate intensity as her body practically swallowed the toy and that sense of fullness from earlier became almost overwhelming. Squirming unconsciously and making the plugs filling her practically dance in response, she closed her eyes and imagined it was her mistresses who were touching her, teasing her, *filling* her as they played yet another game.

Eyes still closed and trembling now, she uncoiled the rope and, by feel alone, wrapped the cord around her waist and cinched it between her thighs into a snug crotch tie that locked the plugs within her while pressing up against her clit in a delightfully pleasant way. Though tempted to begin squirming and explore the sensation further, the tattooed girl instead drew a deep breath through her gag and steeled herself, opening her eyes and using the trailing ends of the rope to bind her legs together tightly, first above and below the knees before finally cinching her ankles together to ensure that she was completely and utterly immobilized.

It was only then that Claudia began to test her bonds in earnest, twisting her hips back and forth and rubbing her legs together as best she could within their confinement, a helpless moan escaping her tightly packed mouth as rough, hempen cord bit into sensitive skin and the toys within her began to dance again. Barely able to contain herself, the girl reached up and gave the chain connecting her nipples clamps a tug before tightening the devices until she winced, an aroused flush coloring her face as the jolt of pain that followed seemed to shoot directly into her core and amplify the throbbing want between her legs. Still not finished though, she grabbed the squeeze bulb dangling from her gag with her free hand and began to inflate the plug filling her mouth, the intruder growing with each pump bigger and bigger and *bigger* until tears actually began to form in her eyes, the leather of her muzzle once again creaking beneath the strain as her cheeks bulged and the pressure on her jaw grew almost unbearable.

Wondering for a brief moment if she might actually cum from the riot of sensations assaulting her, and hands actually shaking now, Claudia finally took the last of the rope trailing from her waist and fastening the ends into a loop with a slip knot before twisting it around her slender wrists with a tug. It was hardly a proper restraint of course, there was plenty of slack after all and escape would be almost effortless, but still the illusion of helplessness only added to intensity of the moment as she once more imagined it was her lovers who had left her in this state, bound and gagged and powerless to resist whatever torments might follow.

Preparations finally complete, the tattooed girl took another shaky breath and slipped a finger between her slick thighs to flip a switch on the base of the dildo nestled within her pussy, a faint but pleasant buzz rocketing through her loins a split second before the toy began to undulate in a maddeningly irregular and yet incredibly pleasurable fashion. Still not quite finished yet she rolled back into her side, the sudden shift in position driving a mewling whimper from behind her gag as she arched her back sharply, and grabbed the magic wand with both hands before jamming it against her clit. The roar of the vibrator activating was only matched by the impressively loud shriek of delight that escaped Claire’s slender throat, even with her mouth packed as tightly as it was, her muscles pulling taut and her breath growing increasingly ragged as she began to buck her hips vigorously against the sensation, riding the vibrator and squirming against the crotch rope as the plugs within her shifted and twisted and drove her wild with want.

As worked up as she was, she came almost instantly, the first first oscillations setting off a veritable tidal wave of pleasure that obliterated what little self-control she still possessed like a sand castle left out for the tide, every muscle in her body as tight as spun steel as she screamed in utter, rapturous ecstasy for all that her cries were reduced to little more than muffled whimpers by the truly enormous gag stuffed into her mouth. And yet she was far from finished, the heat pulsing in her core only surging in response to that first, blessed orgasm as she began to thrash in her bonds and grind the head of the vibrator against her aching flesh with almost desperate force. Her body responded eagerly, another climax following hot on the heels of the first followed by another and another and *another* until tears poured down her cheeks and her throat was worn raw from screaming, shock waves of pleasure crashing into each other with such relentless intensity that the pleasure itself became almost painful.

That only made it better.

Panting and covered in sweat, her body spent but her libido nowhere near sated, Claudia clenched her eyes shut and hunched over, the sudden motion making her nipple clamps flail wildly as she flipped the vibrator to its highest setting and bucked her hips with all her might, riding the ragged edge of pleasure and pain and she could feel a truly monstrous orgasm building within her. Trembling in a combination of anticipation and dread the tattooed girl clenched her eyes shut and tried to brace herself, but it didn’t matter. With the crisp suddenness of a piece of glass shattering something seemed to break inside of her, eyes flying open and breath catching in her throat for the briefest of instants before she *screamed* with almost shocking intensity, back arching in a way that looked almost painful as a shard of the most deliciously agonizing ecstasy she had ever experienced tore through her like a storm until stars actually formed in her vision and her body collapsed onto the mattress like a puppet with her strings cut.

Panting and spent and trembling as if she had just been bathed in ice water, Claudia had just enough wherewithal to tear the magic wand from between her thighs and toss it aside, the toy buzzing merrily as it rolled off the bed and onto the floor, before managing to slip a finger between her tightly bound legs and turn the dildo still working her aching pussy with its relentless dance off. Strength utterly spent now, she allowed herself to roll onto her back and sag into a practically boneless heap, the soft embrace of the mattress bringing a smile to her face despite still being muzzled. It had been a long time since she’d been able to really cut loose like that and after the day she’d had it was just what she’d needed.

Groaning softly as she stretched within the confines of her bonds, the pale figure squirmed a bit as she tried to find a more comfortable position, only to wince when her crotch rope caught a particular sensitive spot and sent a shiver up her spine. Still, despite the dull throb lingering between her legs she felt absolutely wonderful as she drifted in the afterglow and idly found herself wondering if her lovers were having as much fun as she was. Given the outfits they had been wearing in that last photo she suspected the answer was very much yes, but still the thought would not leave her alone as she reached up to loosen her nipple clamps and deflate her gag to a far more comfortable size. As much as she had missed them these last few days, and as much as she still longed to be by their sides, she found herself thinking of Brianna and hoping that the blue-haired girl’s adventure had been everything she’d dreamed of as exhaustion finally took hold and she drifted off into a deep and dreamless sleep.

---

Like most people, Claudia Reed did not tend to remember her dreams, especially when lingering in that odd twilight between wakefulness and sleep, her mind wrapped up in warm and comforting darkness while her body lay cocooned in the nest of blankets that she had somehow woven during the night. A few impressions drifted in her mind’s eye, the ghost of a touch on her skin or the fading embers of passion burning in her chest, but little else besides that. Unfortunately, even as she floated in that liminal state the waking world insisted upon intruding, the growing ache in her jaw and the tingling numbness of her nipples growing harder and harder to ignore with each tick of the clock, to say nothing of the annoying beam of sunlight that had somehow managed to penetrate the curtains and strike her square in the face.

Grumbling quietly the tattooed girl tried to shield her eyes, but the ropes binding her wrists made that impossible and so, finally giving up on going back to sleep, she let out a sigh and wearily opened her eyelids. Blinking a few times to try and clear her vision, squinting harshly at that bright glare pouring in through the window, she scowled behind the leather muzzle covering her mouth and deftly freed her hands before throwing the covers aside with some difficulty and lifting herself up into a sitting position. Of course, the sudden movement did little more than make her wince as the crotch rope pulled tight against sensitive flesh, shifting the dildo still filling her pussy in a decidedly… *interesting* way and putting uncomfortably erotic pressure on the base of her butt plug. Still, she pushed that aside as she rubbed sleep from her eyes and twisted her hips into a more comfortable position.

More or less awake now, Claudia glanced at the alarm clock sitting by her bedside and felt her brows shoot up in surprise to see that it was well past eleven o’clock. It wasn’t exactly a problem as her extended shifts at the shop were over for the week, but it was still a shock to see that she had slept for nearly twelve hours. Then again, given how vigorously she’d worked out the night before, both in and out of bed, perhaps that shouldn’t have been such a surprise after all.

Whatever the case she let out a sigh and shook her head to try and shake some of the cobwebs loose as she began to remove her gag, carefully loosening the straps one by one and pulling the plug from between her lips as she practically peeled the leather panel from her skin, a deep moan of utter relief escaping her throat as the strain on her jaws finally abated and she could close her mouth again. While it wasn’t exactly a record in either size or duration, she’d spent days gagged with far harsher gags than this one before, she was still more than happy to be rid of it. Massaging her cheeks with one hand and popping the clamps from her nipples with the other, another tiny wince coloring her features as she bit her lip to suppress a cry, the slender girl spent a long moment just sitting there, gently kneading her breasts before finally moving to untie the ropes binding her legs.

Finally free of her bonds, and mindful of the toys still filling her, Claudia eventually let out a breath and carefully climbed out of bed. Legs a bit shaky she spared a moment to stretch, lacing her fingers together and reaching for the ceiling while twisted her hips and rolling her shoulders, neck cracking audibly while her spine popped one vertebrae at a time. Letting out a moan that was almost orgasmic as the tension seemed to flee her body in an instant despite the lingering soreness of sleeping in bondage, the slender girl let out another sigh as she carefully bent down to gather up the rest of her toys before making her way into the hall, bare feet padding silently on thick carpet as she walked. Honestly, despite the rope burns criss-crossing her legs and circling her wrists, to say nothing of the dull ache faintly throbbing between her thighs, it was honestly amazing just how *good* she felt. Then again, bondage *had* always done it for her and the chance to finally release the relentless tension that had been building within her for days had felt so overwhelmingly therapeutic that she regretted not indulging herself earlier, even as she also still wished that it had been her lovers binding and teasing and using her body to their heart's content.

Chuckling softly at her thoughts Claudia finally stepped into the bathroom, the tile almost shockingly cool beneath her as she flipped on the lights and deposited her magic wand and her gag into the sink basin before glancing at her reflection in the mirror. In contrast with how rested she actually felt, the faintest of dark circles underlined her eyes and her chin length hair, messy at the best of times, was positively *chaotic* from how much she had tossed and turned throughout the night. However, what truly made her smile was the sight of stark red lines cutting across her cheeks, under her chin and up to the bridge of her nose before continuing on to disappear into her hairline. Visible symbols of just how tightly she’d gagged herself and just how long she had endured the device’s inescapable grip. Idly running a finger across those marks, so similar and yet so different from the marks adorning her limbs, the tattooed girl could not help but shiver as she caressed sensitive skin. She knew they would disappear soon enough, faster even if she treated them with aloe, but still she could not help but feel a sort of pride as her eyes roamed over these lingering reminders of just what she had done to herself, and just how much she had enjoyed it.

Shaking her head again, the girl straightened up and stepped back away from the sink, spreading her legs just a bit and biting her lip to brace herself as she reached between her pale thighs to remove the last of her toys. Even so she could not help but wince ever so slightly as she brushed against the still tender lips of her labia and frown as her body instinctively tightened around the intruders, as if unwilling to let go. Still, with a bit of effort she was able to work her fingers into her pussy and slowly but surely pull the dildo from her slick flesh. The butt plug, on the other hand, was far less accommodating of her efforts, requiring her to twist her hips almost awkwardly and bend over slightly in order to get a solid grip on the plug’s flared base. Even then it still needed a few sharp tugs before it finally popped free, an almost whimpering moan escaping her throat at the sudden sensation of its passing and the feeling of being so utterly empty after being stuffed full for so long.

Despite that Claudia still let out a relieved sigh as she straightened up again and tossed the toys into the sink to join their brethren. Turning on the water she grabbed a bottle of disinfectant soap she kept on hand for just this sort of thing and thoroughly scrubbed each of the toys before setting them aside on the counter one at a time to dry. On impulse, as she was washing her hands afterwards, she splashed cold water onto her face and idly scrubbed her cheeks with her palms before groping for a towel.

When she could see again the pale girl grinned at her reflection and spent a long moment combing her hair back into some semblance of order, the chestnut locks settling into a familiar messy wave easily enough. Satisfied that she looked more or less presentable now, Claudia set the brush aside and gently rubbed salve onto her rope burns and gag marks both, the faint sting on still delicate skin sending a shiver up her spine, before nodding to herself in the mirror and stalking back out into the hallway. For a moment she considered getting dressed but ultimately decided against it, she didn’t really have anywhere else to be at the moment and was more than used to walking around the apartment nude in the summer. Heading for the kitchen instead she made a beeline for the refrigerator and threw it open without a second thought, eyes scanning over the gathered leftovers as she debated settling in for a late breakfast or simply waiting for lunch when the muffled but unmistakable sound of her phone ringing split the air.

Frowning curiously, the tattooed figure slammed the fridge shut when her phone rang for a second time and quickly strode into the living room, walking right up to where she had left her bag lying on the floor and crouched down to dig through its contents. Finding the device easily enough, she unlocked the screen with a quick swipe of the thumb and held it up to her ear without even checking to see who was calling.

“Hello?” she offered, her normally smokey voice rough and just a bit hoarse from how vigorously she had been screaming the night before.

For a long moment there was only silence, a faint sound in the background like the softest of static or perhaps a faint breeze before the caller finally spoke, “You sound unwell, *kotenok*. I do hope that everything is alright.”

It was hard to describe the feeling as that achingly familiar voice washed over her, the sound of a softly lilting Russian accent caressing her ear in a way that never failed to send a thrill up her spine. Face lighting up with excitement, Claudia shot to her feet, her own voice cracking just a bit before she cleared her throat, “Mistress?”

“In the flesh, or thereabouts,” Sofia confirmed, amusement clear in her tone, “It is good to hear your voice again, my dear.”

“You too,” Claudia found herself echoing quietly before she remembered herself and added, almost sheepishly, “And I’m fine, mistress. I just woke up.”

“Ah,” Sofia noted, the smile on her face obvious even over the phone, “a late night. I understand completely. We had a rather late night ourselves.”

Although a fresh blush colored her cheeks as she again remembered the photos they had sent, Claudia very quickly clamped down on that line of thought before her imagination could begin to run wild. Instead she just smiled softly, “Thank you, mistress.”

“You are very welcome, *kotenok*,” Sofia assured, her tone of voice dipping into something far more affectionate as a sound almost like gently splashing water seemed to fill the line, “I just wanted to let you know that we have arrived home.”

Evan as late in the morning as it was, that still seemed awfully quick and Claudia found her brow furrowing ever so slightly in confusion, “Already, mistress?”

“There was very little of interest scheduled this morning so we set out early,” Sofia offered as an explanation, “As you can imagine it was a rather grueling trip so I decided to enjoy the pool while Roxanna makes lunch.”

That certainly explained the noises in the background, and instantly brought to mind the mental image of the blonde in one of those bikinis of hers, or perhaps even nude if she was in a particularly daring mood, and the tattooed girl felt a familiar heat ignite in her core. Blushing for very different reasons now, Claudia bit her lip as she carefully considered what to say next, “That sounds nice, mistress.”

“You could always join us,” Sofia suggested, an almost seductive purr underlining the older woman’s already silky words, “If you are free this afternoon, of course.”

This time Claudia utterly failed to remain quiet, teeth digging almost painfully into her lower lip as a tiny moan echoed in her throat and her pussy clenched tight at the hidden promise in that invitation. Posture instantly straightening, the slender figure swallowed hard, voice just a bit shaky, “Of… of course, mistress. I can be right over.”

“Marvelous,” Sofia drawled, stretching out the word ever so slightly as the sound of splashing water cut through the line again, “But please do not keep us waiting long, *kotenok*. We have some *presents* for you.”

Knees going weak at the sound of that voice even as a familiar heat prickled at her skin, Claudia swallowed again as she barely managed to whisper, “Yes, mistress.”

“Good girl. We will be waiting,” Sofia promised, laughter in her voice and mischief in her tone as she ended the call.

For a long moment Claudia just stood there, mind a million miles away as she almost mechanically set her phone down on the coffee table and stared off into space as if still processing everything. Then, all of a sudden a broad smile curled her slender lips and a spark flashed deep in her rich brown eyes as she turned on heel and suddenly stalked back towards the bedroom. It wasn’t exactly a long drive to her mistresses’ house but even so she was determined not to waste a single moment. Thankfully she had showered the night before but, as she took the time to put on some deodorant just in case, the girl could not help but wonder whether or not she should bother with makeup. While she ultimately decided against it, part of her was still tempted to dig out some of the lingerie she kept for special occasions as she opened her dresser to find something to wear. While not quite as enthusiastic about such things as Roxanna was, or Brianna was becoming, she still liked to accentuate her slight curves with the appropriate “packaging” from time to time. Besides she had it on good authority that her ass looked amazing in a thong and her boobs could use all the help they could get. Grinning at that thought she quickly picked out one of her favorite bras, a lacy black model made of impossibly sheer material, and a matching g-string before slipping them onto her body followed by a comfortable pair of shorts that would cling invitingly to the curves and a tight tank top deep enough to show off just a hint of what little cleavage she had. Chuckling softly to herself as she sat down on the bed to buckle a pair of well worn sandals onto her feet, Claudia spared a glance in her vanity’s mirror and smiled at what she saw. As much fun as it was to doll herself up this felt more honest somehow. More authentic, more *her* for lack of a better term. Especially in the way her outfit left the majority of her tattoos on display and showed off both the rope marks on her bare arms and legs as well as the fading impression of the gag on her face. Visible and unmistakable symbols of exactly what she’d been up to the night before and a sight that she hoped her lovers would appreciate.

Satisfied, the slender girl shot to her feet and strode back into the living room, gathering up her phone and her keys before digging her purse out of the front closet and stepping out onto the landing. Locking the door behind her, and slipping on a pair of sunglasses, Claudia found herself grinning again as she made her way down the aisle and practically leapt down the stairs two at a time in her excitement. As she stepped out of the shade and onto the sidewalk some part of her could not help but note that it was an absolutely *gorgeous* day. The sky was clear and the sun was shining with naught but a few wisps of clouds to mar the seemingly endless azure expanse above while a faint breeze caressed her skin to keep the growing heat of the day at bay. And yet, as much as the weather suited her mood perfectly Claudia wasn’t really paying it much mind. Rather as she practically skipped down the walk, past the handful of children scampering about the playground enjoying what little of the summer they had left, the tattooed girl was focused almost completely on what lay head, visions of her lovers and their mysterious “gifts” dancing in her head. She tried to focus, she really did, but no matter what she tried her thoughts kept circling back to the point. So much so that she barely remembered crossing the parking lot or climbing into her car until her fingers tightened around the steering wheel and her body settled into the driver’s seat.

Taking a breath to center herself once again as she quickly fastened her seat belt, Claudia started the engine and tightened her grip as she backed out and finally got underway. It was a familiar trip truth be told, but as she sat perched behind the wheel with nothing but her thoughts for company as traffic zoomed by and the city slowly gave way to the vibrant green of tightly overgrown forests and the swaying gold of wheat fields, time seemed to slow to a crawl. Nervous energy pooled in her limbs and anticipation coiled tightly around her heart as the familiar, and not unpleasant, sensation of butterflies took flight in her stomach.

At some point she turned on the radio to try and provide some kind of distraction but it honestly didn’t help much. Fingers tapped impatiently against the steering wheel as the tattooed girl fought the urge to fidget and tried to tell herself that she was being ridiculous. It had been days since the last time she’d seen her lovers, not years and yet here she was, acting like a schoolgirl with a crush. Acting as if she was back on that terrifying and wonderful day when she’d resolved to kiss Roxanna for the first time and damn the consequences, her feelings spilling out of her in a torrent as she’d confessed her hopes and fears and a thousand other things that were still hard to name. Then again maybe that was it exactly. Everything had changed on that day and things were changing again now, had been changing ever since Brianna had come into their lives, and if she were being honest with herself Claudia could admit that she found it absolutely exhilarating.

While she liked to think that there had always been more than simple lust between them, even if none of them had been willing to admit it at the time, what had once been a simple understating between like minded individuals had evolved into a real relationship almost without any of them realizing it. Idly the tattooed girl found herself smiling as she thought back to their little date a few weeks back. In addition to discovering that wearing a bitchsuit made her feel both incredible submissive and unbelievable horny, to say nothing of just how arousing the sight of her girlfriend’s first tentative explorations of pony play had been, that had been the night when she’d confessed her dissatisfaction with the way things had been and her desire for more. A moment in which she’d never felt more loved as Brianna had tried to embrace her without hesitation despite the fact that they had both been handcuffed at the time, while their mistresses had apologized and comforted her with assurances that they would gladly give her whatever it was she needed. And perhaps, as the fast approaching end of summer made itself known, that was why she could not help but think on that moment more and more. And why she was feeling so needy all of a sudden.

Whatever the case her musings were brought to a halt when a familiar copse of hickory trees suddenly came into view. Blinking in confusion as she instantly straightened up in her seat and glanced about, Claudia was almost stunned to realize that not only had she nearly arrived but that she’d apparently grown so lost in her own thoughts that she barely remembered even making the drive. Biting her lip softly to suppress a chuckle at the irony in that given her early impatience, the tattooed girl just shook her head and adjusted her grip again as she pressed on down the road. Slowly but surely the little forest that gave the subdivision its name rolled by, the seemingly endless green soon giving way to the eclectic cluster of houses beyond and, more importantly, the familiar and inviting bulk of her mistresses’ home. A sight that had long ago been burned into her memory and one that never failed to bring a smile of honest affection to her face.

Heart practically hammering in her chest now, and idly noting the presence of Sofia’s car parked out front confirming that her mistresses were indeed home, that tattooed girl let out a breath she hadn’t even realized she’d been holding and carefully pulled into the driveway, an almost deafening silence surrounding her when she finally killed the engine. In sharp contrast to her almost frantic pace earlier, Claudia carefully unfastened her seat belt and clutched her purse tight before drawing another breath and climbing out of the car with all the grace her slender frame could manage. Wetting her lips, she slowly and deliberately placed one foot in front of the other, blood practically pounding in her ears as she made her way up the walk and climbed the steps onto the large and yawning porch attached to the front of 137 North Hickory Lane. Easily slipping past the pieces of patio furniture scattered about that she honestly could not remember anyone ever actually using, she stepped up to the house’s old and intricately painted front door and spared a brief moment to admire the workmanship before wrapping on one of the leaded glass inserts with slender, almost bony knuckles.

Even beneath her gentle touch the sound of her own knocking seemed to echo with the force of a thunderstorm, so much so that it felt like another eternity passed in the stillness that followed, though in truth it was barely more than a moment or two before the sound of approaching footsteps filled the air and the door opened with a barely perceptible creak to reveal a familiar figure standing on the other side. Looking up into Sofia’s grinning face Claudia could not help but return that smile as she allowed herself a moment to drink in her mistress’s stunningly statuesque form. Just as she had imagined the blonde was clad in a bikini, one of those “barely there” string models she favored made of simple black cloth that contrasted beautifully with her lightly tanned skin and left absolutely *nothing* to the imagination. Not that she was complaining of course. The sight of so much silky soft skin on display glistening with the faintest sheen of suntan lotion combined with the way the woman’s hair, still damp from the pool, had been slicked back away from her face lent Sofia a wild and almost raw sort of sensuality. An aura that was only enhanced by the way the woman’s eyes seemed to light up as her grin shifted into a warm and seductive smile.

“Ah, *kotenok*. How wonderful to see you again.” the blonde greeted in that beautifully lilting voice of hers as she placed a hand on her hip and seemed to unconsciously shift into a far more suggestive pose, “And right on time.”

Unable to contain herself any longer Claudia practically lunged at her mistress, lacing her fingers behind Sofia’s neck and half jumping, half pulling herself up to wrap long legs around the woman’s toned waist and practically crush their lips together in an almost desperate kiss, the sweet taste of the blonde’s mouth heavy on her tongue while the scent of chlorine and coconut oil assaulted her nose. While caught by surprise, and forced to stagger back a step or two beneath the sudden weight of a hundred pounds of squirming girl, it was not the first time that Sofia had been greeted with such wild enthusiasm and as such she regained control quickly, snaking her tongue deep into Claudia’s mouth and cupping the girl’s ass both to support her weight and to cop a feel.

Eyes clenched shut and practically melting as she gave herself over to the sheer intensity of her mistress’s passions, Claudia practically whimpered when the kiss finally broke and buried her face in the older woman’s hair as she tried to give voice to the emotions welling up within her, “Missed you. Missed you *so much*.”

“It has only been a few days, *kotenok*,” Sofia teased, if gently, as her smile softened and she carefully disentangled herself from the slender girl’s limpet-like grip in order to embrace her properly, “But I am sorry, we missed you as well.”

Although a bit surprised at the magnitude of her reaction, but certainly not sorry, Claudia pulled away just enough to offer a rueful smile, “Thank you, mistress.”

“You are most welcome, my dear,” Sofia assured as she ran her hands up and down the girl’s back, grinning at the way she practically purred beneath that soothing touch before leaning in for another, far more gentle, kiss, “Now, I do hope that you are *hungry*.”

Gasping sharply as those hands trailed down her spine, strong fingers tracing the ridges of each and every one of her vertebrae in a way that had never failed to drive her wild, only to moan when those same hands slipped into her back pockets to cup her ass again and *squeeze*, Claudia playfully rocked her hips from side to side to lean into that touch as she grinned, “Always, mistress.”

“Such a naughty girl,” Sofia mused approvingly, very much enjoying the blush that suddenly colored the slender girl’s cheeks and the spark of excitement that flashed in her eyes, “Now, unless my nose deceives me, lunch should be almost ready. And I am certain Roxanna will be very happy to see you as well.”

Biting her lip to suppress another, much deeper, moan as those fingers kneaded her sensitive flesh was a skill born of long familiarity, Claudia managed a tiny nod, “That sounds wonderful, mistress.”

Rather than answer with words, Sofia leaned for another kiss before gently sweeping the tattooed girl into a half embrace, drawing that slender form against her side as began to make her way toward the kitchen. For her part Claudia offered no resistance, the feeling of so much warm skin pressed against her own actually making her shiver as she followed along obediently, snaking her arms around the older woman’s waist and letting out a contented sigh. Despite that pleasant distraction however, now that she was paying attention she could not help but notice an unfamiliar and yet pleasant odor wafting through the air while someone in the background sang quietly in soft, dulcet tones. Of course, she recognized Roxanna’s voice easily enough, and as they crossed into the hall she could easily imagine the scene, recalling the dozens of times she had witnessed her other mistress working her magic in the kitchen, lost in her own little world as she flitted about from stove to refrigerator to counter top, cooking up some exotic and yet always delectable dish. What she had not expected was to round the last corner and see the olive-skinned woman with her back to the door clad in nothing but an apron, slowly and sensuously shaking her perfect ass to some unseen rhythm as she worked, the entirely of her elegant back and the scars that marred it on display. It seemed that someone was feeling bold today, though as Claudia eagerly drank in the sight she mused that perhaps that should not really be a surprise all things considered.

Alerted by the sound of their approach, Roxanna twisted her body in a deliberately sinuous way, adopting a model’s pose as she glanced over her shoulder and offered a smile that she only ever shared with her lovers, a smile that could light up a room, “Ah, I had hoped it was you at the door, *gatáki*. Your timing is impeccable, the soup is almost ready.”

As hungry as she was, food was the absolute last thing on Claudia’s mind, a pleasant surge of warmth blooming in her chest, and between her legs, as she basked in the woman’s smile as well as the sight of her body. Still, it wouldn't hurt to play along just a bit, “It smells good, mistress.”

“Thank you, *gatáki*.” the olive-skinned woman returned as she turned away from the stove completely to reveal the small pot she had been tending. Still smiling warmly, if not quite as radiantly as before, Roxanna crossed the room then to meet them halfway and gently cupped the tattooed girl’s face with both hands. For a long moment they just stood there like that, deep brown eyes practically boring in Claudia’s soul until the older woman found whatever it was she was looking for. Lips quirking ever so slightly into a very different kind of smile then, she leaned in for a kiss of her own, “Welcome home.”

The greeting was simple, almost formulaic even, but the honest *joy* in the older woman’s words gave Claudia pause. Of course she was happy to see them, and was very glad to know that the feeling was mutual, but the tattooed girl suddenly realized that her mistress was right in another way. No matter where she actually lived, *this* was her home in every way that mattered, and always would be as long as the other half of her heart dwelled here. Swallowing hard around the lump that suddenly filled her throat, her voice trembled ever so slightly as she leaned into her mistress’s silky soft touch and tried to put the enormity of what she was feeling into her words, “Yes, mistress. I’m home.”

“Always, my dear, always,” Roxanna practically whispered, a quiet promise that only they could hear as Sofia tightened her embrace comfortingly. Smiling softly again, the olive-skinned woman pressed a kiss to the younger girl’s forehead, offering a face full of cleavage in the process as she allowed her fingers to trace along delicate cheekbones, “But please, have a seat. We have so much to share with you.”

Biting her lip, and resisting the urge to bury her face in that marvelously firm bosom even as she reveled in the faint lavender scent of the woman’s hair, Claudia managed a tiny nod, “Yes, mistress.”

Something in the olive-skinned woman’s smirk suggested she knew *exactly* what her companion was thinking, so much so that Claudia felt a faint blush color her cheeks in response, but in the end Roxanna said nothing. Instead she simply drew her fingers along the tattooed girl’s sensitive jaw, eliciting a slight whimper, before turning away to saunter back towards the stove and twist her body into a deliberately suggestive pose as she reached into the cabinets to fetch a set of bowls. Utterly entranced by the sight she could do little but watch that effortlessly sensuous display until the arms that had been circling her waist suddenly shifted to draw her into a proper embrace, Sofia’s lush body practically molding itself against her back as a pair of silky soft lips pressed a kiss behind her ear.

Moaning softly beneath that familiar assault, Claudia closed her eyes and arched her spine to grind against her mistress’s curvy, athletic frame and revel in the sensation of the older woman’s perfect breasts pressed against her even as she tilted her neck to offer better access. An invitation that was eagerly accepted as the slender girl felt those lips begin to brand her neck in a hot and eager trail before teeth nipped at her pulse almost hard enough to leave a mark. Utterly lost in pleasure, that sudden and unexpected jolt of pain drew a gasp from Claudia’s throat, and sent an almost masochistic thrill into the deepest parts of her soul, as her eyes shot open and her entire body trembled.

Sofia was not finished with her yet, however, as calloused hands slid up the smooth expanse of her stomach to cup her slight breasts, strong fingers fondling and pinching and kneading all of her most sensitive spots until her nipples presented themselves proudly through the thin material of her shirt. Even if she’d wanted to, the tattooed girl would have been unable to resist, another deep and desperate moan escaping her as the scantily clad blonde sat down at the kitchen table, pulling her plaything into her lap in the process. Not that she had long to enjoy that change of position, or the intense feeling of hardened nipples pressed against her back, before Roxanna returned carrying a trio of steaming bowls and an equal number of spoons on a small platter.

“My apologies for the delay.” she offered as she leaned down to set the table, a tiny half smile curled her lips at the way Claudia was practically squirming in her lover’s grasp, “I do hope I am not interrupting?”

“Not at all, *dorogaya*,” Sofia assured as she pressed another kiss to the back of the tattooed girl’s neck, “Claudia and I were simply getting… *comfortable*.”

“So I see,” Roxanna teased, playfully, the faintest touch of mischief entering her smile as she slipped into a chair of her own, “I do hope you enjoy the soup, it is a new recipe.”

Already fighting the urge to blush for reasons that had nothing to do with embarrassment, a fact not at all helped by the way Sofia’s hands continued to fondle her chest or how much being watched in this state turned her on, Claudia honestly felt a bit of mood whiplash at the sudden change of topic. Still, she knew that Roxanna was proud of her cooking and so, despite the pleasant distraction, she managed to tear her gaze away from that smile and glanced at the table instead. As was so often the case, she had no idea what her mistress had prepared, but she hadn’t been lying earlier; it did indeed smell wonderful. Still, the sight of what looked like sliced mushrooms swimming in a dirty, orange-colored broth was a touch off-putting even if it made her intensely curious. However, before she could otherwise react, Sofia shifted her position to let the both of them sit more comfortably while pinching the tattooed girl’s nipples hard enough to make her *moan* before reaching out to take a spoon of her own. Idly twirling the silverware between her fingers as she rested her chin on Claudia’s shoulder, the athletic woman shot her lover a grin even as she allowed her free hand to drop down onto her companion’s bare thigh, “Finally going to unveil your newest creation, *dorogaya*?”

Although her deep brown eyes practically sparked, Roxanna just doubled down on that mysterious smile of hers and shrugged, “Allow me to keep my secrets for just a bit longer, *stríngla*. You spoil my fun.”

Although a grin curled her own lips in response, Sofia acceded to the point without comment and dug in with her usual enthusiasm, Roxanna herself joining her a moment later with considerably more restraint. For her part Claudia was momentarily too caught up in the sensations still assaulting her body to do much of anything, torn between disappointment in the loss of intimate contact and a burning desire for the hand stroking her thighs to touch her in far more *delicate* places, but slowly the pale girl gathered herself instead. It was hardly the first time her mistresses had teased her, after all, and she was rather hungry. Taking the last spoon with trembling fingers, she slid her bowl closer and finally took a taste. The results were surprising, but pleasant. The mushrooms had been seasoned and sautéed to perfection while the broth was creamy and spicy and sweet without being hot or heavy. It was, quite honestly, like nothing she had ever tasted before, even if some of the flavors were familiar, and some of her appreciation must have shown on her face as Roxanna’s smile grew warm and perhaps just a touch relieved as well.

“I am glad you like it, *gatáki*.”

Looking up to meet the olive-skinned woman’s gaze, and worrying her lip ever so slightly, Claudia could not help but ask, “What is it, mistress?”

“Mushroom cream soup with paprika and a touch of lemon,” Roxanna answered without pause before winking at Sofia, as if some private joke has passed between the two women, “I have been meaning to make it for some time and today seemed the perfect day for something simple and not too heavy.”

“I fear you missed your calling, *dorogaya*,” Sofia teased, a low and teasing lilt entering her voice, “After all, you are almost as good in the kitchen as you are in bed.”

*That* made Claudia practically choke on her own soup and cough deep in her chest as she groped for a napkin, caught completely off guard by that comment even as the blonde, still grinning, rubbed her back soothingly. Roxanna, for her part, just shrugged and offered her lover a slender smile, “Perhaps, but I rather think I am exactly where I need to be.”

To that Sofia just smiled broadly, a sound that could only be described as an affectionate purr rumbling in her chest as she glanced almost shyly at the other woman and returned to her meal without comment. For her part, once she had gotten herself back under control, Claudia felt a grin tug at her own lips even as the pink tinge on her cheek darkened a notch, though that had more to do with the fingers still drawing nonsense patterns on her leg than anything else. It was always amusing to watch her mistresses tease each other, but in the years they had been together the tattooed girl liked to think she had a fairly good grip on both their tells. While it was obvious that Roxanna was teasing, at least a little bit, the olive-skinned woman had a point as well. She wasn’t prepared to say it was fate or anything like that, but at the same time Claudia knew that the circumstances that had brought her mistresses together, to say nothing of how she and Brianna both had been drawn into their orbit, had been wildly unlikely at best. And yet here they were, slowly building a life together. It was not often that she dwelt on just how lucky she was, to love and be loved by such wonderful people, to be free to explore and express herself as she saw fit and live her life as she chose, but here and now the slender girl could not keep a smile from her face. For all that she liked to tease her girlfriend, maybe Brianna wasn’t the only one living a charmed life.

That thought actually gave her pause, spoon halfway to her mouth, as it finally struck Claudia that the blue-haired girl was nowhere to be seen. It was possible of course that she was still unpacking, or perhaps she too had taken a swim and had decided to shower afterwards, but in any case it still felt odd that neither of her mistresses had said anything. And even stranger that they had not waited for the other girl before eating. Frowning now, she cocked her head ever so slightly to glance at Sofia out of the corner of her eyes, “Mistress?”

“Yes, *kotenok*?” the blonde asked, gently, pausing as she leaned back just enough so that their eyes could meet.

For a moment Claudia debated just how to word her question, but in the end she decided to just forge ahead, “I was just wondering where Brianna was.” Almost despite herself, the tattooed girl felt her blush deepen, a tiny smile curling her slender lips as she fought the urge to look away, “I didn’t notice her missing in all the excitement.”

“No need to be embarrassed, my dear,” Sofia assured as she gently cupped the tattooed girl’s cheek with one hand, forcing their eyes to meet for the briefest instant before pressing a feather-soft kiss to her lips while allowing the fingers of her free hand to trail between sensitive thighs, “I can be most distracting, after all.”

“To answer your question, Brianna is resting,” Roxanna interjected before her lover could get too carried away, a thin smile tugging at the corner of her lips, “It was a rather… *tiring* journey you see, and she did not get much sleep last night.”

Despite the pleasant distraction of clever fingers nestled between her legs just barely stroking her pussy through the soft material of her shorts, Claudia felt a laugh bubble in her chest at that explanation. Given the bits and pieces they’d already shared, not to mention those pictures Sofia had taken the night before, she had absolutely no doubt that Brianna had gotten very little sleep, but she also severely doubted that the blue-haired girl was resting in any way, shape or form either. Still, she managed to return her mistress’s smile and bow her head ever so slightly, “Of course, mistress. Thank you.”

“Although, speaking of Brianna…” Sofia suddenly added, tilting her head just enough to nip at the tattooed girl’s ear before allowing her voice to drop into a lush and husky whisper, “Perhaps now would be a good time to give you her gift.”

Caught somewhat off guard, Claudia bit her lip to suppress a moan as she leaned back into the athletic woman’s body, “Gift?”

“Oh yes,” Roxanna confirmed as she pushed her chair back just enough to reach under the table to produce a rather nondescript canvas bag. Before the younger girl could think to ask, she set it carefully in her lap and quickly dug through the contents to retrieve a simple manila folder, that almost impish smile returning to her lips as she offered her prize, “She did not think it fair to leave you with nothing for your troubles.”

Although touched by the sentiment, as Claudia shifted just a bit to sit up straighter in Sofia’s laps and accept the gift she was burning with curiosity as well. For all that it was just a slender piece of cardboard, the folder felt surprisingly heavy in her hands, as if whatever was hidden within had far more weight than a simple slip of paper. Grinning all of a sudden, and snorting in amusement at her own foolishness, the tattooed girl just shook her head and opened the binder only to gasp in utter shock at what she found. Staring back at her with tantalizingly alien eyes from the depths of a large, glossy photograph was the achingly familiar form of Lucrezia Blue in all of her glory. Naked as the day she was born save for the ropes binding her arms tightly and the tattoos etched into her skin, the woman was on her knees, back arched and thighs spread wide to show off the painful looking clamps squeezing her nipples and stretching the lips of her labia while a rather elaborate jaw spreader wrenched her mouth wide open and allowed her to stick out her slit and pierced tongue in an incredibly suggestive manner. And yet, even beyond the wild and exotic model herself there was something in her pose and form that was utterly alluring. A juxtaposition of submission and defiance, the strictness of her bonds and the cruelty of her clamps contrasted with the expression of sheer *want* painted on her features and the excitement glinting in those dark eyes. As if, despite everything, *she* was the one in charge and reveled in her predicament. However, what truly drew the girl’s eye and made her heart speed up ever so slightly was the signature in the corner drawn in bold, confident strokes underlined by the simple dedication, “to my biggest fan.”

While she *had* joked with Brianna about this, teasing her girlfriend mercilessly about her little “rendezvous” in the elevator and the unknowing selfie she’d taken with Lucrezia, in truth Claudia was both stunned by the gift and more than a little taken aback. Had she really taken her playful words that seriously? Was this some sort of apology? She hoped that, despite everything, the blue-haired girl knew it wasn’t necessary but at the same time she could not help but be touched. While far from the only fetish models whose work she followed, Lucrezia was among her favorites, a woman whose obvious talents and exotic looks had been a source of both awe and inspiration for the tattooed girl. A woman she had, in many ways, striven to imitate. *‘Perhaps I should get another tattoo.’* Claudia found herself musing, the thought rising almost unbidden as her eyes continued to drink in the sight of the bound figure’s intricately inked skin. After all, save for the elaborate spiral on her foot, her legs were mostly bare… Shaking her head, she forced herself to look away from that utterly entrancing visage and meet her mistress’s eyes, a touch of honest curiosity written on her face as she asked the only question she could think to ask, “How?”

“We were fortunate enough to attend one of Ms. Lucrezia’s performances. A fire dance,” Roxanna began, almost idly, as she pulled a bundle of tightly folded black cloth from her bag, “An impressive display to be certain.”

To that Claudia could only nod. Lucrezia certainly was a skilled dancer, though that was hardly what she was most famous for, but at the same time she could not help but wonder what that had to do with anything.

Thankfully the older woman did not leave her wanting for long, the tiniest of grins curling her lips as she continued, “Afterwards we had the opportunity to meet face to face. After a moment of hesitation Brianna requested an autograph for herself, and then another for you, and all it cost was a kiss.”

For the briefest instant Claudia was certain that she must have misheard before the words fully sunk in and a feeling uncomfortably like jealousy stabbed into her gut. Not at the idea of Brianna kissing another girl, they had both done plenty of that and more besides, but rather at just whom the blue-haired girl had been able to snare, or perhaps be snared by. Thankfully her thoughts were derailed by Sofia’s strong arms embracing her with shocking tenderness, as if the older woman could sense her shift in mood. Relaxing, the tattooed girl offered a grateful smile, “Thank you, mistress. I wish I could have seen that.”

“I wish you could have as well,” Sofia promised as she continued to nuzzle her plaything’s cheek, a mischievous note entering her voice as she nipped at the slender girl’s ear, “Although we did manage a recording of the nude performance she gave later that evening, should that interest you.”

“Really?” Claudia exclaimed, voice pitched high with excitement even as she moaned softly beneath the blonde’s touch, a shiver racing up her spine both at the revelation and at the sensation of strong hands once again roaming over her body.

“I may have set my phone to record before tucking it into my purse,” Roxanna confirmed as she slid the bundle of cloth she had been holding across the table, “Before that, however, perhaps you would like to open the rest of your gifts?”

“I picked them out myself,” Sofia added, the grin in her voice obvious as she tightened her grip to practically crush the tattooed girl’s body against her chest, “I do hope that you will enjoy them as much as we will.”

While it was obvious that she was being distracted, especially given the way Sofia was now enthusiastically kneading her slight but very sensitive breasts, Claudia found that she did not much mind. It was an old game after all, and one that her mistresses were well versed in playing, and so she managed an almost wan smile despite the pleasant distraction of those marvelously talented fingers. Closing the folder with some reluctance, she set it aside and reached out for the bundle of cloth that Roxanna was offering, pulling it close and turning it over in her hands as if she could somehow discern the contents from appearance alone. Still, it refused to reveal its secrets that easily and eventually the slender girl just shrugged and began to carefully unfolded the packet, both surprised and yet not to discover that it was a dress. Or more precisely a maid uniform, one with a decidedly low cut top and interlaced with panels of fine mesh that would display the body beneath wonderfully when worn.

Almost despite herself Claudia smirked. While not quite as revealing as Brianna’s own uniform, which not only left the blue-haired girl’s breasts complete bare but also had a hemline so high that it barely covered her ass, the tiniest of blushes still colored her cheeks at the thought of finally being able to match her girlfriend. However, as the pleasant mental image of kneeling side by side with her lover while they both eagerly served their mistresses took shape, the tattooed girl’s blush darkened suddenly when she held up the dress for closer inspection and a pair of toys that had been concealed within the folds of that dark cloth worked their way loose and landed on the tabletop with a dull thud. Specifically a tail of black and white striped fur affixed to a smoothly polished plug of stainless steel followed by a slender headband with two identically striped cat ears attached. They were honestly beautiful, different from the fox-themed set she already owned but striking nonetheless and very well made if the silky soft texture of the fur beneath her fingers was any indication. Still, even as she stroked the tail with her fingers and tested the weight of the plug in her palm Claudia could not help but glance over her shoulder at her mistress as she lifted a curious brow.

Sofia just returned that expression with a teasing grin of her own, “Who could resist having a catgirl maid of their very own?” as if to emphasize the sentiment she gently pinched the girl’s nipples, rolling those sensitive nubs between thumbs and forefingers, eliciting a quiet shiver and a shuddering moan in the process, “Besides, as lovely as your other… *accessories* are, the color would hardly match.”

Well, when you put it that way… Adopting what she hopes was a sultry smile, Claudia arched her back into the athletic woman’s touch and allowed her normally smokey voice to drop into a low and inviting whisper, “Shall I try them on for you then, mistress?”

“Perhaps later.” the blonde practically growled, a note of obvious reluctance underlining her words as she silenced the girl in her lap with a fierce kiss, “Finish your soup for now and, if you are a good girl, perhaps we can share some dessert.”

While the silken promise hidden in those words brought an eager grin to Claudia’s face and made the lingering soreness from last nights… *adventures* vanish like the morning mist, Roxanna’s sudden interjection shattered the moment as the olive-skinned woman stifled a laugh and shot her lover an almost sly look, “What a marvelous suggestion, *stríngla*. And perhaps after you can show off your new outfit as well. Along with all of the accessories.”

The odd emphasis to her mistress’s words caught Claudia off guard and she instinctively cast a curious look at Sofia only to be completely taken aback as the blonde actually *blushed* and looked away, though even then the faintest hint of a smile tugged at the corners of her lips. Still, neither of them offered any further explanation besides a brief, knowing look that seemed to pass between them in an instant and so, despite the obvious reluctance painted on her features, the tattooed girl turned her attention back toward her meal. While there was most definitely a story there, one that she was almost desperate to know now that the mystery had been dangled in front of her, she could be patient when the situation called for it and there was a certain satisfaction that came with discovering a secret for yourself. Besides, the soup really was excellent and it would have been an absolute shame for all of Roxanna’s hard work to go to waste.

And so, as a familiar and comfortable silence descended once again, Claudia allowed herself a moment to revel in the presence of her lovers as she leaned back into the lush and inviting embrace of the equally warm and welcoming body she was perched against. Still, as the three of them ate just about everything else seemed to fade into the background as her mind began to wander. What was Brianna actually doing at the moment? Did their mistresses have any more surprise gifts waiting for her? And perhaps, most importantly of all, just exactly what sort of “dessert” was she going to get. After all, she could be a very *good girl* when she wanted to be, and her lovers had never once disappointed with their ingenuity and dedication. Slowly, a faint smile began to curl her lips and for the second time that morning the slender girl found herself so lost in thought that when her spoon suddenly clicked against the porcelain of an empty bowl she actually started in surprise, honestly having no memory of even finishing her meal. Glancing up it seemed as if her mistresses were finished as well and, if the subtly amused and gently teasing smile on Roxanna’s lips was any indication, they had been for some time. While hardly one to embarrass easily, especially about something like this, Claudia still felt a blush rise on her pale cheeks only to gasp, and blush for very different reasons, when familiar hands suddenly slipped under the hem of her shirt to caress the smooth expanse of her stomach and trace the faint ridges of her abdominal muscles.

Once again the scent of coconut oil, sweat and chlorine enveloped her as sinfully soft lips trailed along the curves of her jaw and an eager, questing tongue teased the curl of her ear, “Why *kotenok*, I did not know you were so *hungry*,” Sofia practically purred, the heat of her breath and the tone of her voice playing merry hell with the poor girl’s self control, “Would you like another helping? Or shall we skip straight to dessert?”

Something about Sofia’s touch always seemed to reduce her to putty in the older woman’s hands, not that Claudia had ever tried to to fight it all that hard as a shudder of pleasure wracked her slender frame and an almost whimpering moan echoed in her throat, “*Please*…”

A gentle kiss to the back of her neck sent another shiver down the tattooed girl’s spine as Sofia embraced her tightly around the waist and practically whispered into her ear, “We never could deny you, could we?”

While part of Claudia wanted to point out that they’d denied her plenty of times, usually at the cusp of orgasm in point of fact, she was far too lost in the moment to do much of anything as Sofia sudden pushed the chair back away from the table with those powerful legs of hers and stood up in one smooth motion. At the same time the blonde took hold of her shirt and, with a gentle but insistent tug, prompted the slender girl to lift her arms up over her head so that the garment could be quickly pulled from her body and tossed aside just as hastily. Before she could even think to respond her shorts followed and in the space of a heartbeat Claudia found herself once again clad in nothing but the sheer lingerie that she had selected for no other reason than to catch her mistresses’ attention. An effort that had apparently succeeded if the *look* reflected in Roxanna’s eyes was any indication, the olive-skinned woman’s gaze threatening to devour her as she practically stalked around the table. Reaching out with one hand, she laid a palm against the now nearly naked girl’s hip, fingers trailing over the silky material of the slender thong clinging to her skin while the other trailed up her side, caressing the poem tattooed there and eliciting a quiet gasp and a shuddering breath.

Leaning in almost close enough to kiss, a thin and yet sultry smile curled Roxanna’s lips as she toyed with the nearly translucent material of her plaything’s bra before cupping a breast, “What a pleasant surprise. It would seem that *someone* has plans, no?”

“Indeed, *dorogaya*,” Sofia agreed, mischief in her voice as she traced the tattoo running down Claudia’s spine, caressing each of her vertebrae in turn before helping herself a generous handful of the girl’s ass, “Though I cannot complain about such a fine present, especially one in such lovely wrapping.”

“Very true, *stríngla*,” Roxanna added, flashing a brief grin before worrying her lower lip in a way that looks devastatingly sexy on the woman’s soft, aristocratic features, “Though I have always preferred *unwrapping* my presents.”

Claudia very nearly whimpered between those teasing words and the pleasurable assault on her body, only to gasp softly when Sofia’s hands squeezed and began to massage her ass with soft and yet madden insistence while Roxanna’s lips captured her own in a shockingly rough kiss, silencing any protests she may have had. At the same time the olive-skinned woman’s clever fingers unclasped her bra, freeing her breasts from their confinement as Sofia hooked her thumbs beneath the waistband of the slender girl’s thong and slowly pulled it down over her hips to join the rest of her clothing on the floor. Utterly naked now, and yet not feeling exposed in the slightest, Claudia moaned softly and closed her eyes as the tenor of her mistresses’ touch began to change, growing almost reverent as eager fingers practically sculpted the curves of her body and soft lips branded her skin. Almost unbidden a very different kind of heat began to suffuse every fiber of her being as she gave herself over to that touch, arching her back to press her chest against Roxanna’s elegant form even as began to grind her ass against Sofia’s hips in silent invitation. Claudia had always been comfortable in her own skin and proud of her body, after all she’d worked hard to cultivate her lean physique and the wiry tone of her limbs, but there were times when she could not help but be jealous as well. Although more than one person had commented on the curve of her hips and the tightness of her ass she was well aware of the fact that she was more than a bit bony in places and that her chest could, at best, be called flat. When compared to the absolutely *gorgeous* women she was fortunate enough to belong to, the tattooed girl was painfully aware of just how plain she was. And yet her lovers had never seemed to mind. Looking at her, touching her, as if she were the most beautiful woman in the world. As if *they* were the lucky ones to be with *her*. It was incredible, and humbling and terrifying all at once. No one she had ever been with had been able to make her feel that way, not even Brianna though the blue-haired girl always managed to light a very different kind of fire in her heart. It was, perhaps, the greatest gift she had ever been given by anyone and, in retrospect, how could she not have fallen in love? And how could she not want more?

Thought quickly grew to be the last thing on the girl’s mind, however, when silky soft palms cupped her cheeks and that searing kiss finally came to an end, a quietly accented voice thick with desire and breathless with passion caressing her ear, “Ready, *gatáki*?”

Swallowing hard, Claudia nodded as best she could, the lust she thought that she had managed to sate returning full force as her body, naked and helpless and trembling with desire, practically ached for more, “Yes, mistress.”

Sofia’s strong but calloused hands took hold of her wrists then and gently, but insistently, pulled her arms behind her back even as the woman placed yet another kiss just behind her ear to soothe her nerves, “Do not worry, *kotenok*. We will be gentle.”

In truth Claudia rather hoped they wouldn’t, but instead she just bit her lip and nodded, letting her muscles go slack in a silent gesture of submission. Perhaps in deference to the rope burns already marring her skin, if faintly now, the tattooed girl felt her mistress wrap a silken scarf around her wrists before swiftly and gently but still very thoroughly binding her arms behind her back. Not that it surprised her of course, her lovers were quite adept at tying knots after all, but as she instinctively tested her bonds it was still rather impressive that a simple strip of cloth could restrain her so effectively. Though perhaps that was just a testament to Sofia’s skills. Whatever the case, as soon as her wrists were tied a moment passed, and then another, the hands that had been caressing her body retreating so quickly that the slender girl actually whimpered at the sudden loss of contact. However, she still did not risk opening her eyes, breath quickening as she squirmed in anticipation, the ticking of the grandfather clock in the living room echoing through the house as it marked the relentless passage of seconds. After what felt like an eternity of waiting in the darkness behind her own eyelids the only warning she received was the faint creaking of wood before a familiar pair of hands suddenly grabbed her around the waist. Practically shrieking in surprise as she was literally pulled off her feet with almost contemptuous ease, Claudia’s eyes flew wide as she was lifted up into Sofia’s lap once again and practically impaled on the well-lubricated strap-on her mistress was now wearing. Moaning deep in her throat as the toy slid into her ass with surprisingly little resistance, the slender girl shuddered as she forced her body to relax and accept the intruder’s length, the pressure almost overwhelming in its intensity.

At the same time Roxanna climbed down onto her knees, the placid smile on her face never once fading despite the hard tile beneath her legs or the faint popping of her hip. Gently taking hold of Claudia’s knees, fingers caressing the rope marks that still decorated her skin like tattoos, the olive-skinned woman’s smile sharpened into something almost hungry as she suddenly forced the girl’s thighs as far apart as she could and leaned in close, her voice cast in a low and dangerous purr, “Do feel free to scream as much as you would like, *gatáki*. It has been *far* too long for the both of us.”

With that pronouncement hanging in the air Claudia could do nothing but gasp, her entire body trembling with pleasure as the kneeling woman darted between slender but well-turned thighs to capture her nether lips in a hot, hard kiss. And yet, even as she reeled beneath the feeling of a sinfully soft and deviously talented tongue lapping at her curves and folds it became clear that her mistresses had far grander plans. Without warning Sofia’s grip tightened just enough to hold her plaything firm, muscles tensing as she guided the girl’s hips to rock up and down in long and even strokes. Slowly at first, but with greater and greater vigor as time went by, forcing her to ride the dildo and take its length again and again and again until she began to tremble and shudder before finally throwing her head back to *moan* like a bitch in heat. As if playing against each other Roxanna stepped up her own efforts in response, plunging her tongue deep into the pale girl’s body, fingers almost digging into taut thighs as she both held them wide open and aided her lover in guiding their slave’s movements. Jerking hard against the hands holding her as a deeper and even more desperate moan escaped her throat, Claudia felt her pussy clench tight around the intrusion as that skilled and clever tongue caressed her slick inner walls and she eagerly gave herself over to the sensation, reveling in the excitement of being pleasured and used as she was vigorously fucked up the ass. The overwhelming ecstasy of the moment only enhanced by the knowledge that Roxanna tended to reserve her own oral talents for what she called “special occasions” and thus, even as she lost herself in intensity of the moment, the tattooed girl could not help but grin to know that her mistress apparently considered this moment to be as special as she did.

As if the woman could read her mind, and who knew perhaps she could, Roxanna suddenly shifted her position, arching her back and craning her neck to get a better angle as she plunged even deeper into the tattooed girl’s body, curling her tongue in a way that had never failed to drive all of her lovers absolutely wild. It was a technique that Claudia herself was intimately familiar with, one that she had spent long hours trying to copy and one that she was quite proud for teaching to Brianna, but while she had never received any complaints about her own performances she had also never been able to truly match her mistress’s skill despite having a pierced tongue. However, that reminiscence was cut pleasurably short when, somehow, that tongue struck every single one of her most sensitive places all at once and her nerves sang with absolute delight as she quivered on the very edge. Moaning in utterly helpless want, her hips tried to buck sharply beneath that incredibly pleasurable assault but the hands on her waist and the finger gripping her thighs held her firm, locking her helplessly in place and pinning her arms against Sofia’s toned stomach while forcing her to quite literally fuck the dildo impaling her ass even as she rode Roxanna’s sweet mouth to the very brink of ecstasy.

And yet, as absolutely *perfect* as the moment was, the lust that had been pulsing in her veins for days returning ten fold as her still sore flesh was pushed to the very brink of orgasm, it could not last. Withdrawing her tongue all of a sudden and eliciting a strangled cry of protest, the olive-skinned woman once again locked her sinfully soft lips around the trembling girl’s clit and paused for the briefest instant. Claudia knew what was about to happen of course, this too was a technique she had struggled to copy, but even so she was completely unprepared for the sheer intensity that followed as her mistress began to work her most delicate flesh with abandon, sucking and licking and nipping playful with her teeth before swirling her tongue around that throbbing nub in a maddeningly irregular and incredibly familiar pattern. Never one to be outdone, Sofia enthusiastically increased the tempo of her own thrusts in response and despite the awkwardness of their position soon enough the bound girl found herself practically bouncing in the athletic blonde’s lap, a shiver racing up her spine and the rhythmic slap of flesh against flesh filling the air as she was well and thoroughly fucked.

For a brief moment Claudia tried to hold back, her entire body pulled taut as muscles clenched, but soon enough she decided to take full advantage of the fact that her mistresses had declined to gag her, as disappointing as that was. Letting go of what ragged threads of self control she had left, the tattooed girl arched her back in a sharp display of the flexibility she had long cultivated and, while never once breaking rhythm, let out a shriek of purest ecstasy. As the rising tide of orgasm that had been building within her at last rushed free she seemed to spasm madly, ankles lifting heavenward as she leaned back into Sofia’s body and arms strained so hard against her bonds that even the soft silk tied around her wrists stung like sandpaper against the rope marks pressed into her skin. Not that her lovers were prepared to let her go that easily of course. Roxanna refused to let up, working her quaking body with all the relentless precision of a machine while Sofia tightening her grip yet again and pulled those writhing hips down to meet her own, again sheathing the entire length of her strap-on in that wonderfully tight ass and drawing a gasp of surprised delight from Claudia’s slender throat.

Riding that surge of pleasure it was impossible to say how many times she came, one climax bleeding into the next as she found herself lost in a sea of purest ecstasy, wave after wave of pleasure breaking against her like tidal waves as she screamed in purest delightful, the sheer *passion* of the moment pushing her to the breaking point and beyond, the yawning abyss of subspace threatening to swallow her whole until she howled like a banshee and strained against her mistresses’ grip like a wild and desperate animal. Almost hyper-aware of her own body, and the inviting warmth of her mistresses’ skin pressed against her own, the bound girl tried to brace herself but it was far too late. In an instant her eyes widened and she let out an almost strangled cry as the truly monstrous orgasm that had been building within her finally tore itself free from her aching body, her back arching almost painfully as she *screamed* until her throat was raw and her body actually ached with the sheer force of her release. And yet, just as quickly the moment seemed to pass, warm and welcoming darkness swallowing her vision as she suddenly went limp, collapsing against Sofia’s body like a puppet with its string cut, every inch of her tattooed skin flushed and covered in sweat as she trembled with aftershocks and panted almost uncontrollably. Indeed she could do little but moan quietly, barely aware of the world, as Roxanna finally broke that most intimate of kisses and climbed back to her feet to join her lover in the chair and sandwich the slender girl’s trembling and helpless form between them.

And yet, even in the darkness some part of Claudia could not help but smile in satisfaction, utterly spent and yet utterly sated as well. This was an old game, one that had been played from the very beginning and probably one of the biggest reasons why she so rarely allowed anyone else to take her to bed. Perhaps she was biased, but in all of her short years the slender girl had never been with anyone who could take her to the places that her mistresses did. Never submitted to anyone who could brand her with their very touch and carve their presence into her soul with each and every kiss. Never giving herself to anyone strong enough to tame her and keep her and control her so thoroughly that she never wanted to be free again. Shivering as she slowly came back to herself, the pleasant sensation of calloused fingers drawing nonsense patterns along the smooth expanse of her stomach while soft lips kissed her brow greeting her, Claudia’s smile only widened when gentle arms pulled her into an equally gentle hug and pillowed her face against a marvelously firm bosom. Relaxing as she practically burrowed into Roxanna’s cleavage the tattooed girl reveled in the warmth and tender affection of her lovers, the steady rhythm of the olive-skinned woman’s hard and the hot caress of Sofia’s lips offsetting the mild discomfort of having a large silicon cock up her ass. Of course, all good things come to an end and as her breathing stilled and her pulse calmed the slender girl felt the cords binding her wrists slacken and the arms holding her tight let go ever so slightly. Whimpering ever so softly in protest, Claudia dared to look up only to find herself caught in a proper kiss, tasting herself there as a pair of soft, warm lips captured her own and a clever tongue plundered her mouth.

“I do hope that you enjoyed the meal,” Roxanna whispered after a long, breathless moment, her fingertips trailing over the curve of the younger girl’s jaw with tender affection as the ghost of a smile tugged at her lips, “I find myself most… *satisfied*.”

“Although,” Sofia added, grinning at the way their plaything’s already flushed face seemed to darken as she nuzzled messy brown hair and allowed her hands to settled back onto slender, almost bony hips, “if you desire seconds, I am certain that something could be arranged.”

Despite her still sore throat, Claudia found herself chuckling at the pair’s utterly intentional, and mildly amusing, innuendo even as she leaned into that intoxicatingly soft touch. Biting her lip as, incredibly, the embers of arousal still smoldering in her core seemed to flare for the briefest of instants, the tattooed girl could not help but admit to herself that the offer was a tempting one. And yet, even if the tattered shards of her libido urged her on, her body was spent and sated and more than a little sore if in a good way. And so, deciding that two could play at this game, she just shook her head, “No thank you, mistress. I’m full.”

Clearly amused by that response, Sofia chuckled softly as she pressed a kiss just behind the tattooed girl’s ear, but Roxanna just smiled that little smile of hers and drew her fingers down Claudia’s cheeks, “I am glad to hear that, *gatáki*. Now, why don’t you take a moment to catch your breath while I clear the table.”

Letting out a tiny moan as she shivered in delight, Claudia managed a tiny nod, “Yes, mistress.”

“What a marvelous idea, *dorogaya*,” Sofia practically drawled, her voice cast in a low and husky purr as she twisted her body just enough to practically grind against their plaything’s back and shift the dildo in a positively delightful way, “And I will keep our pet properly… *entertained* while you work.”

Claudia could do nothing but shudder helplessly as those words washed over her, and the blonde’s hands began to wander in a decidedly *suggestive* manner, but in the end neither of her mistresses chose to comment. Instead, Roxanna just smiled ever so slightly and carefully climbed out of the chair, almost awkwardly rising to her full height before stepping back to begin gathering up the dishes still clad in nothing but that apron of hers. Not that the tattooed girl had much time to appreciate the view as Sofia immediately stepped up her efforts, the blonde’s lips blazing a hot path up the side of her neck while calloused hands trailed down onto her thighs, sharp teeth nipping at her pulse while strong fingers practically kneaded her sensitive flesh. Tilting her head to the side and biting her lip to suppress a groan as sharp teeth nipped at her pulse, Claudia allowed herself a moment to luxuriate in the blonde’s touch before she slowly and carefully reached down to rest her palms on the backs of the older woman’s hands and guide them lower. Her mistress certainly seemed more than happy to oblige, grinning as she began to gently rock her hips once again and pressed her lips to the tattooed girl’s throat, sucking just hard enough to leave a mark as she allowed her fingers to trail down between sensitive thighs. However, just as the tips of well-polished nails brushed over the still swollen lips of the slender girl’s labia, eliciting a tiny moan and a quiet shudder, the woman paused her ministrations and smiled almost cruelly at the way her companion began to whimper softly and squirm against her as if desperate for more.

Shifting just a bit closer to once again press that lithe body firmly against her chest, Sofia allowed her lips to trail along the curl of the pale brunette ear and let her voice dip into a low and breathy tone, “Can you do something for me, *kotenok*?”

Despite everything Claudia felt her pussy clench in sympathy as that wonderfully sensual purr seemed to envelop her in a warm and welcome embrace, she managed a tiny nod as she bit her lip so hard that she almost feared she might draw blood, “Anything, mistress.”

“Such an obedient pet we have,” Sofia practically murmured, her lips quirking into a smile as she playfully rocked her hips again, drawing a gasp and a shuddering moan from that slender throat, “Would you be so kind as to check on Brianna for us?”

For a moment or two Claudia just found herself blinking in surprise, too stunned by the sharp contrast between the sheer mundanity of that request and the delicious sexy tone that it had been delivered in to do much of anything. A situation not at all helped by the way those talented fingers continued to stroke her most delicate flesh, back and forth in a maddeningly soft rhythm. Part of her wanted to scream in frustration, the rest of her wanted to beg the older woman to finish her off if she was going to be teased like this, but in the end she just nodded, sagging ever so slightly in surrender. After all she was a bit too tired, and definitely too sore, for another round, “Yes, mistress.”

Rather than answer with words Sofia stole another kiss, a proper kiss this time, forcing her tongue deep into the slender girl’s willing mouth and claiming her with an intensity that was as surprising as it was welcoming. Of course, Claudia had been claimed long ago, had eagerly locked the collar around her own throat in fact, and so gave herself over to her mistress’s passions without hesitation. And yet, even as she practically melted into the blonde’s embrace the hands that had been trailing between her legs suddenly took hold of her hips again, caressing delicate skin for a handful of heartbeats before gripping tight. With surprising care the tattooed girl found herself lifted up off the dildo inch by agonizing inch, the toy’s passage pulling a cry from deep in her chest even as a shudder wracked her taut frame. Her mistress never once broke the kiss however, keeping her silent and holding her still as she groaned and squirmed and shivered in delight. It was only then that the athletic blonde finally moved, pushing herself up out of the chair and carrying her plaything along with her in a demonstration of strength that even after all this time was still surprising. Standing on that cool tile floor once again, her legs still surprisingly shaky from the aftermath of the orgasms that had shaken her to the core, Claudia pouted ever so softly as the kiss finally came to an end and dared looked up into her mistress’s azure eyes, a faint blush rushing to her cheeks at the sheer intensity of the older woman’s gaze and heat reflected there.

Licking her lips, and shivering for a very different reason, the tattooed girl spared a moment to try and center herself before putting on an easy smile, “And where might I find my sister in submission?”

While the blonde clearly adored that particular turn of phrase it was Roxanna who answered, the olive-skinned woman glancing back from the sink as she washed the dishes, the barest hint of a smile clinging to her lips, “She is in her room at the moment. In fact, I do believe she has another surprise for you.”

Grinning in turn as a thread of excitement encircled her heart, well aware of the game that was being played, Claudia nodded almost eagerly as she slowly disentangled herself from Sofia’s grasp, “Thank you, mistress.”

The faintest trace of amusement still underlining her words, Roxanna turned back to the sink to continue her work, light and shadow playing over her body and making her rich mahogany hair practically glow in the afternoon sun, “It is no trouble, *gatáki*. But do hurry, I am sure that she too is most eager to see you again.”

Wetting her lips, and recognizing that she had been given her instructions, Claudia said nothing as she bowed her head obediently and stole a brief glance at Sofia’s still grinning face before turning on heel and walking out of the room. Despite the slight limp marring her step from Sofia’s *vigor* she quickly strode into the hallway and made her way towards the stairs mind utterly alight. While she had an inkling of what was about to happen, in truth the possibilities were almost endless, especially given the rather vague hints that her mistresses had peppered into their earlier conversations. It wasn’t impossible of course that Brianna did simply have another gift to give her, but she hoped that was not the case. Not only would that be almost anti-climactic, but after everything else the blue-haired girl had already done for her, especially that autograph, it would have seemed excessive. No, if she had to guess it was far more likely that the other girl *was* the present, no doubt thoroughly bound and gagged and wrapped up for presentation. Though that did beg the questions, was she intended to play with her girlfriend or *join* her? It was honestly hard to say which of those outcomes she would have preferred. That brought a positively devilish smile to Claudia’s face as she began to climb the stairs, her gait evening out as she was finally able to stretch, and by the time she finally reached the landing and set out down the darkened hallway her heart was practically racing in her chest, pulse pounding between her legs as the almost ominously closed door to Brianna’s room grew closer and closer. A shiver of anticipation racing up the tattooed girl’s spine so intense that she had to bite her lip to suppress a moan, the slender figure drew a short breath to try and steady herself as she stepped up to the darkly polished wooden slab and gripped the knob tightly, antique brass almost shockingly cool against heated skin as she threw it open.

Even muted as it was by the curtains, the absolute flood of sunlight that followed was almost blinding and Claudia actually felt her eyes begin to tear up as she squinted against the glare and raised a hand to try and shield her face. Thankfully she adjusted quickly enough and, blinking a few times to clear her vision, she stepped inside both surprised and yet not by what she found. Of course the tattooed girl had been in Brianna’s room any number of times, and in truth very little had changed from what she remembered. The same arrangement of furniture centered around the girl’s shockingly comfortable bed, the same cluttered desk pushed up against the window to offer a fantastic view of the neighborhood beyond, and the same collection of pictures and posters pinned to the walls. Though, to be fair, those *had* begun to tilt more in favor of pinup girls and other tasteful nudes, usually featuring women bound in some fashion or another. Almost as if her girlfriend had a type.

While that thought made her lips twitch into another grin, in truth Claudia barely noticed those details as she carefully picked her way across the room, the carpet swallowing the sound of her footsteps as her toes practically sank into the thick and decadently soft material. No, all of her attention was fixed upon that broad and inviting bed and the figure laid out on it. At a glance it almost looked like Brianna was indeed resting, or at least trying to, caught in the midst of a fitful sleep as she tossed and turned atop the covers.

In reality the girl was struggling fiercely, squirming and writhing and moaning as best she could within the confines of her bondage. Indeed, as the scene finally came into focus the slender girl could see that her companion had been utterly and completely mummified, wrapped in layer after layer of shiny black tape, legs practically fused together and arms pinned harshly to her sides. In fact, only her breasts had been left bare, the pale tone of her skin and the familiar glint of the piercings that transfixed those rock hard nipples standing in sharp contrast to the black rubber sheathing her body. Curiously enough she was not wearing a hood, her bright blue hair splayed out like waves upon her pillow, though an absolute spider’s web of straps circled her head holding a blindfold firmly in place and pulling a dark leather panel tight over her mouth. A familiar position to be sure, and one that Claudia herself had experienced many times, though that rendered it no less enticing. Indeed the tattooed girl had even been similarly mummified in that very bed once. A memory that brought the familiar heat of excitement to her skin, and between her legs. Drifting ever closer, barely daring to breathe as if afraid she might shatter the moment, more and more details revealed themselves and the truth of Brianna’s struggles became evident. The familiar form of a catheter trailed from between her legs connected to a mostly full rubber bladder, suggesting that she had either been left in this state for some time or had been kept well hydrated, or both, but what truly caught the tattooed girl’s eye were the slender wires that disappeared beneath that skin-tight wrapping all connected to a heavy battery pack taped to the prone figure’s hip.

Smile growing almost devilish as she realized *exactly* what sort of game was being played, Claudia gently lowered herself onto the edge of the bed, the sudden shift of the mattress prompting her tightly bound companion to struggle even more fiercely as she practically mewled into her gag. Perhaps she thought one of their mistresses had come to check on her, perhaps she well knew who was visiting her and was begging her sister slave for release, but in any case the tattooed girl said nothing. Instead she reached out to cup a pale cheek with one hand, instantly prompting Brianna to still as she let out a quiet moan and instinctively leaned into that touch. Smiling softening into something undeniably fond, Claudia gently stroked the delicate curve of a cheekbone with the pad of her thumb while placing her free hand on the blue-haired girl’s waist, the subtle twitch of her abdominal muscles and the faintest hint of vibration beneath that telling her everything she needed to know about the toys the bound figure was enduring. For a long moment she just sat there like that, silently looming over her companion’s prone form as she drank in the incredibly erotic sight of her girlfriend squirming helplessly within her bonds, the afternoon light playing off the shiny material encasing her body like some sort of living oil slick. However, it was as the tattooed figure gently trailed her fingers up the smooth and twitching expanse of Brianna’s stomach to cup a breast that the final detail fell into place. In all the excitement of the moment she had failed to notice that, rather than the simple studs she generally favored, the other girl had a pair of rather elaborate silver piercings each set with a small blue stone capping hard and eager nipples. In fact, unless her memory was failing her, those were the exact same piercings she had been wearing in the photo Sofia had shared the night before of herself and Roxanna dressed to the nines (such as it was) with Brianna’s tightly-bound and helplessly-gagged body sandwiched between them.

Immensely turned on by the revelation that her girlfriend may well have spent all night *and* all day like this Claudia withdrew her hands to take hold of those modest breasts, squeezing and kneading until the poor girl arched her back into that sweet torment while moaning in abject desperation. Leaning in until the tips of her messy brown hair brushed against the other girl’s face to press a kiss to the tip of her nose, the tattooed figure could not help but grin, “Maybe I spoke too soon when I accused you of living a charmed life.”

Despite the sensations flooding her body, Brianna’s head jerked up off the pillow as if trying to get a better look despite the blindfold, excitement clear in her voice even through the heavy gag, “Cmnnnnn!”

“Mm hmm.” the pale, tattooed girl confirmed as she pressed another kiss to her companion's cheek and worried a sensitive earlobe between her teeth, working around the edges of the gauge pierced through it before almost whispering, “Though I’m a little surprised you didn’t hear me earlier given how… *enthusiastically* our mistresses greeted me, and just how loud they made me scream.”

A full body shiver seemed to wrack the blue-haired girl’s tightly bound form, hips bucking as she squirmed as if she were trying to shift the toys she was enduring and desperately seeking to touch Claudia’s own body, “Pmmnphm!”

Her girlfriend did not give her a chance, or let up in the slightest. Nipping hard enough to draw a cry from that tightly packed mouth, the tattooed girl drew her pierced tongue along the sensitive curl of Brianna’s ear, hot breath tickling delicate skin as she shifted her grip to take hold of the girl’s nipple shields and tug playfully, “Though perhaps I shouldn’t be surprised. You’re having plenty of fun without me, after all.”

“Pmmnphm Cmnnnnn, pmmnphm!” the other girl practically howled as she twisted her shoulders and strained against her bonds, the tape encasing her offering not even the slightest bit of give, “N nmmn phn cnm, N nmmn phn cnm phn hnn!”

Twisting the piercings just enough to make her girlfriend cry out, the sudden jolt of pain both getting her attention and making the throbbing between her legs worse, Claudia shifted her body until she was sprawled atop the beautifully mummified form, the arousal pooled in her own core surging to the forefront in response, “I’m sure you do sweetheart, I’m sure you do. But while I suppose I *do* owe you one for getting me Lucrezia’s autograph, and thank you for that by the way, I seem to recall something about taking responsibility for my sexual frustration?”

A deep and desperate moan, somewhere between a scream and a whimper, escaped Brianna’s mouth as she began to struggle again, writhing madly beneath the pale girl’s body as she tried in vain to move, to escape, to do *something* but it was all for naught. Throwing her head back onto the pillow with a groan, the fight seemed to go out of her in an instant as she sagged down onto the mattress in a sign of complete and utter submission, her breath slowly evening out even as her body continued to twitch involuntarily beneath the relentless assault of the vibrators filling her.

“Besides,” Claudia continued, smiling almost cruelly at the blue-haired girl’s predicament as she continued to play with her piercings, “who knows how long our mistresses plan to keep you like this? Days? *Weeks*? Wouldn’t that be exciting.”

If Brianna’s answering groan was any indication the bound figure did not necessarily share that sentiment, though at the same time the way her hips bucked sharply in response and the shiver that seemed to run through her entire body suggested that, perhaps, the lady doth protest too much.

Shifting her weight, Claudia trailed a hand down her girlfriend’s side to play with the controls of the battery pack at her hip. Not enough to change things of course, but enough to leave no doubt in Brianna’s mind as to what was happening and prompting her to begin squirming once again as she moaned into her gag. Brushing her lips against a pale cheek to still those struggles, the tattooed girl allowed her normally smokey voice to drop into an almost silky purr, thick with promise and just the right note of teasing sincerity, “Still, I could perhaps be convinced to help you out, if you make it worth my while.”

“Or perhaps you could join her,” Sofia suddenly and unexpectedly interjected, her richly accented and clearly amused voice cutting through the still air and making both girls jump despite their current position.

Shooting upright to straddle Brianna’s waist, head whipping around so fast that for the briefest moment she feared she might have sprained her neck, Claudia glanced to her side to regard the familiar form standing framed in the bedroom door watching the scene unfold with a sort of wry amusement reflected in her smile and a faint hunger in her gaze. For a handful of heartbeats she did not dare to speak, her eyes eagerly roaming over the blonde’s long and athletic frame as she rested almost casually against the casing, arms crossed casually over her stomach and the top of her bikini having been lost at some point to leave gloriously full breasts completely bare. Further enhancing that enticing image, the strings of her suit’s waistband had been knocked askew by their earlier exertions, the dark cloth barely clinging to the curves of her hips and threatening to fall off at the slightest motion.

Instinctively licking her lips, the tattooed girl tentatively called out, “Mistress?”

Pushing herself away from the door frame with the casual roll of a shoulder, the motion making her breasts sway invitingly as she stood to her full height, Sofia seemed to ignore the question as a sender and yet mischievous smile curled her lips. Practically stalking across the room, toned muscles almost rippling beneath softly tanned skin as she moved with impossibly athletic grace, the diffuse light pouring in through the curtains highlighting every curve of her body, the blonde continued to speak, “It was such a pity that you could not join us these last few days. Perhaps we can still capture some of the magic, no?”

Barely daring to breathe as the older woman approached the bed, Claudia found herself moaning softly as a strong hand cupped her chin and, gently caressing her throat, forced her to look up and meet the blonde’s brilliantly azure eyes. Swallowing hard even as she leaned into that touch, the tattooed girl felt a familiar heat once again bloom in her loins as her mistress’s words washed over her, “What did you have in mind?”

“We know that your schedule is not so… *flexible* as our own,” Sofia mused, the playful lilt in her voice caressing her plaything’s ear and sending a shiver down her spine, “And yet Brianna will be returning to her studies at the end of the month. It seems such a shame to waste those two weeks, wouldn’t you agree?”

Distracted as she was by that touch, and the blonde’s positively sultry purr, it took Claudia a moment to grasp exactly what her mistress was suggesting. She was hardly unfamiliar with extended bouts in bondage of course, but the idea of spending fourteen straight days helplessly immobilized and relentlessly edged was both incredibly daunting and incredibly exciting. An excitement that was only made more intense by the thought of sharing the experience side by side with Brianna. Rather like the little, or perhaps not so little, road trip they had taken last year though that had only lasted a handful of days rather than weeks on end. Getting the necessary time off might be tricky, but her boss owed her one for taking over the weekend shift at the last minute and besides, after missing their last great adventure she had no intention of missing another. Realizing suddenly that her decision had already been made, had probably been made the moment her mistress had asked, the slender girl nuzzled her cheek against Sofia’s hand, “Sounds intense, mistress. Will you take care of us?”

“Always, *kotenok*,” Sofia promised quietly, almost solemnly, her voice soft and yet firm despite that.

“Will you use us?” Claudia added, voice little more than a whisper, not yet willing to break the moment.

*That* prompted the blonde to smirk and lean in close, offering her plaything a generous face full of cleavage in the process, “But of course.”

Practically shivering now in a heady combination of arousal and anticipation, Claudia dared to meet the older woman’s gaze once again, both surprised and not by the naked desire she found reflected there, “Will you let us cum?”

“If you are good girls,” Sofia answered as she moved to press their lips together in a soft and yet insistent kiss thick with promise and heavy with want, her voice dropping into a low and husky whisper, “But if you are bad girls? It will be straight into chastity with you.”

Moaning deeply, more than a little turned on by that particular threat, Claudia managed a shaky nod and a breathless reply, “Yes, mistress.”

“There’s my good girl,” Sofia practically purred as she slowly straightened up, much to her companion's disappointment, “Now do stay here and keep Brianna company. I will fetch Roxanna and find you something more… *appropriate* to wear.”

Biting her lip to suppress a grin, Claudia just nodded again and spent a long moment simply watching as the athletic woman turned and strode from the room, her eyes practically glued to the sight of the beautifully curved and marvelously toned ass, perfectly framed by a scandalously tiny string bikini, as the woman practically sashayed into the hallway with the sort of deliberate motion that could only mean she was putting on a show. Honestly it was a sight that the tattooed girl would never grow tired of seeing and she could only hope that she looked half that good when staring forty in the face. Shaking her head she finally glanced back down at Brianna’s prone form, the blue-haired girl still squirming in her encasement as she mewled almost pitifully into her gag, both disappointed to have lost her chance at relief and excited by the thought of sharing her predicament. Grinning at her girlfriend, Claudia shifted her weight to sit on those trembling hips and still her struggles, the faint vibration she could feel radiating into her ass making her smile sharpen as she reached out to brush a few stray strands of hair out of the bound girl’s face, “Hate to see them go, but love to watch them leave, right?”

Despite her current predicament, and being blindfolded, Brianna chuckled into her gag and offered a quiet moan as she nodded in agreement.

Leaning in close to brush slender lips against the leather imprisoning the blue-haired girl’s mouth, Claudia again let her voice drop into a smokey purr, “Still, it sounds like you had a very *interesting* vacation Brianna Wilde, and I hope you enjoyed it because I think you and I are in for one *hell* of a homecoming.”
