---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Janice In Bondage 2
authors:
- Pimpernel
tags:
- F-f
- bondage
- wrap
- cons
- X
date: 2003-10-06 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Janice in Bondage**](janice_in_bondage.html))

Janice In Bondage
2
by Pimpernel
Janice In Bondage 2 By Pimpernel

Janice was in a quandary. By rights she should have picked up the telephone
and called her friend at the local precinct, a man who would have had no
trouble dealing with Mark and his kind. There was certainly no lack of
evidence. Mark himself had seen to that, delivering the fetish items he
had used against her and a handwritten note describing his actions and
his reasons…but what brought her to a halt was the plaintive proposition
he had made at the end of the letter. Certainly, he had done wrong in abducting
her and using her, but he had been so gentle in all his actions and he
had indeed let her go with what was definitely some kind of apology. What
should she do? She asked herself…

That night she lay in bed trying to sleep, but her mind whirled over
her night of enforced passion and it was the early hours, exhausted, when
she began to feel ropes creeping over her body and slowly tightening their
grip, until she was unable to move at all, then she felt rather than saw
Mark’s presence touching her, gently invading her cunt and ass, and she
opened her lips ever so gently to receive his cock… She felt her heart
racing and adrenaline coursing through her veins…

…Then she awoke with a start. She suddenly knew what she had to do.

The very next day Janice went to her office. Her first act of the morning
was to book lunch with Annelise, a friend of many years standing, who she
knew to be of exotic sexual tastes. She buzzed through the business of
the day, and then told her secretary that she would be taking the afternoon
off. Lunchtime finally loomed near, and Janice took the short walk to Latino’s
restaurant where Annelise was waiting.

Annie smiled her endearing half smile and kissed Janice on the cheek.
“Hi, Honey! Long time since you splashed out and invited me to lunch! What’s
up?”

“I need your expert opinion, Annie…”

“MY expert opinion?” Annie hooted. “You know I’m no expert on anything
worth while! I’m the ultimate mediocrity! And proud of it too!” Janice
winced at the sheer volume of her friend’s voice, and began to wonder if
this had been such a good idea…

“Well, if you don’t keep that foghorn of a voice quiet I might just
not tell you and you’d die not knowing about my…little secret!” hissed
Janice…and that did it. Annelise would go through hell rather than be kept
out of anything. That was why Janice had chosen her. She loved hearing
gossip but would not ever gossip herself.

Annelise deflated like a leaky balloon and leaned forward “OK, Sweetie,
you know you’ve got me. Now, out with every putrid little detail!”

Janice went over her abduction in minute detail, finally leaning back
when she finished. Annelise just sat there for a long moment, trying to
assimilate the fantastic tale she had just heard.

“So…what do you want to do…and what do you want Me to do for you?” she
asked.

“Do you know about this…fetish scene?,  Annelise? ‘Cause I certainly
don’t, except for what I learned that night…and I want to meet Mark again,
but on more equal terms” Janice replied.

“Well, sure, I have indulged”, said Annie, “but nowhere as deep as this
Mark seems to be. Also, are you certain about Mark’s sanity? Kidnapping
isn’t a normal pursuit for a sound mind, you kapich?”

“Believe me, Annie, Mark’s driven, and bad, but I don’t think he would
hurt a fly. What I do know is that I need more of what he did to me. I
can’t close my eyes without feeling that mask over them, and I can’t walk
by a leather handbag store without smelling and feeling the gear he got
for me on my body. At least, give it a thought. I’m going to do it anyway,
but I’d rather know what I’m getting into. ”
  
They finished their meal in silence, and finally Annelise decided.

“OK, Hon…but on one condition. I’ll be there at Club Domino when you
go to meet him, just to keep an eye on you both.”

“Done”, agreed Janice

As they drove to Janice’s home Annelise droned on at length about her
limited experiences in bd/sm and what she knew about the genre. Janice
drove in silence, eagerly devouring every snippet of information.

 Later, over a glass of wine, Janice showed Annie the items Mark
had used on her on that night of passion.

“Janice…”

“Yeah?”

“Do you mind if I…try these things on?”

Janice was momentarily taken aback but recovered quickly. She only then
noticed that all the time she had been talking about Mark, Annelise was
becoming more sexually exited. Her breathing was fast and her voice had
become seriously husky.

“Sure, Annie…go ahead”

Annelise gathered up all the items and practically raced into Janice’s
bedroom, slamming the door behind her. Janice poured herself another glass
of wine and settled down. After a long while Janice walked to the bedroom
and tapped on the still shut door.

“Annie, are you OK?”

She opened the door and gasped at the sight. Annelise had stripped off
her clothes and had donned the stockings, Thigh Boots, suspender belt,
panties, bra and elbow gloves. The ball gag hung around her neck. The sleep
mask was over her eyes. She had lain on Janice’s bed and was caressing
her swollen clitoris through the split crotch. As Annelise heard Janice
open the door she moaned with anticipation and lifted her arms above her
head, her wrists together. Then she slowly extended her long legs until
they were parallel and pressed together. Then she spoke, her voice thick
and husky.

“You wanted to learn about bondage, Janice…practice with me.”

There was no doubt that Annelise was asking Janice to tie her up. Janice
raced to her hardware cupboard and pulled out lengths of clothesline she
had lying around ever since she had bought her tumble dryer. She returned
to the bedroom where Annelise was still lying there waiting for her, her
breathing shallow and ragged.

“What do I do?” Janice asked.

“Do my legs. Do them tight”. Annelise ordered.

Janice picked out the longest length of cord and after making a clumsy
loop and knot around Annie’s ankles began to wind the cord around her legs
towards her thighs.

“No, tighter. And pass the rope in between my legs to make it even tighter”
ordered Annelise.

Janice adjusted the cord as ordered and, beginning with the soles of
Annie’s booted feet looped and cinched as tightly as she dared around Annie’s
ankles, shins, knees and mid thighs.

“What now?” she asked. “Now, my wrists. Do the same.” And with that
twisted her body face down on the bed and crossed her wrists behind her
back.

Janice passed numerous loops of cord around Annie’s wrists and cinched
them, although not as tightly. “And now?”

Annelise slowly twisted around and with Janice’s aid sat up.

“Get that long piece and fold it in two… Then loop it around my torso
above my tits., then pass the loose ends through the kink in the rope.
Then loop it again under my tits. As tight as you can”

Janice managed to do this after a couple of tries. She pulled the cord
as tight as she could without restricting Annelise’s breathing. “Now?”

“Pass the loose ends above my right shoulder, then down the front and
around the crossing of the other tit ropes. Then back up over my other
shoulder and down the back. Then tie it off at the kink again.”

Janice did so and was informed that this ropework was known as a bikini
harness.

“Now?”

“Pull my wrists as high up my back as you can and tie them there with
the loose end of the Bikini Harness ropes. That’ll be it”

When Janice had done this she stepped off the bed and looked at Annelise
in all her bound glory. Annie was testing her bonds and, finding that they
were solid and unyielding, began squirming and trying to grind her hips
on the bed, trying to stimulate her clitoris. Janice could not help but
feel excitement building within herself and unconsciously her hand strayed
to her own cunt and she began to caress herself.

After a short while something broke inside her and she grabbed Annie,
turning her onto her back. Janice grabbed the ball gag and forced it into
Annie’s mouth, buckling it tightly. Then she threw herself onto Annie and
started grinding her cunt against her friend’s bound body. Annelise began
to cry with delight and mewed through her gag. Janice licked Annelise’s
dry lips and she ripped off the leather bra, caressing, kneading and massaging
Annie’s breasts’ then cruelly pinched her nipples. Annelise was beyond
ecstasy. She had always had feelings for Janice, but had never dreamed
that they would ever make love, especially not in this way. Janice, on
the other hand, had no idea that she had ever had lesbian inclinations
and so the experience was beyond her understanding. Her actions were purely
animal lust and instinct.

They both came at the same moment, Janice emitting a primal scream and
falling back onto the bed in waves of bliss, while Annelise groaned through
her gag and arched her back, which was all she could really do, while ripples
of pleasure drove through her body. Janice promptly fell into an exhausted
sleep curled up against Annelise, who still had hours of bondage ahead
of her while her new playmate slept. Not that she minded in the least…

Later that evening Janice awoke beside Annelise and gently shook her
awake. “Do you want me to let you loose now?”. Annelise nodded yes, and
Janice slowly untied her, and then rubbed life into Annelise’s stiff limbs.

Once she was free of her ball gag, Annelise gave Janice a hug and a
deep kiss on her lips. Janice stiffened momentarily and then relaxed, learning
to enjoy the novelty of her first lesbian encounter.

“You know, this is going to complicate our relationship”, Annelise said.

“Yeah…this throws a whole new light on things. But, what do we do about
Mark?” replied Janice.

They spent the rest of the evening browsing BD/SM websites, the flood
of new information being almost too much for them both. Eventually Janice
had to give up for the night, and invited Annelise to stay over. Annelise
stared into her eyes.

“You’re sure you want me to stay here tonight…you know what might happen”
she replied.

“Yeah. I need some company tonight. Just company, mind you…I still need
some time to think things over between us”.

That night, Janice found it hard to sleep with all the new experiences
and information refusing to allow her to close her eyes until the early
hours. Good thing tomorrow was a Saturday, she thought, before sinking
into a fitful and dream filled sleep.

Next morning she awoke to the smell of a cooked breakfast, prepared
by Annelise. She rose and went to the kitchen and sat down with her friend.
“I’ve been thinking” started Annelise. “We still don’t know what Mark’s
long term intentions are, so we’d better let him make the first move. In
the meantime… I think we could explore some more of what we learned last
night on the Net”

“You’re right…is that the only thing you want to explore?” replied Janice
with a smile.

“Only if you want to. You know, remember that stuff about safe words?
Why don’t we have one just for ourselves, so that we know how far to go
with each other? Not just for bondage, mind…we could also use it for anything
else we try to do with each other.”

So they decided on their safe word.

“Ok” said Annelise. “That’s clear. Now, have a lie in, I’m going to
do some shopping”

“On your own? And what are you going to buy? I’ve got loads of food
here”

“It’s not food I’m gonna buy” smiled Annelise. “Back soon” and with
that she breezed out of the door.

Janice ran a bath and had a long hot soak. Eventually she heard the
door open and Annelise’s booming voice announcing her return.

“I’m in the bath, Annie…fix yourself a drink”

“Fine. Take your time, I’ve got things to do.”

Janice idly wondered what Annie was up to, and some time later got out
of the bath and went to the sitting room.

She stopped cold when she saw Annelise. In place of her normal denim
outfit she was wearing the most beautiful lingerie she had seen. Her long
legs were encased in the sheerest black silk stockings, held up by a gorgeous
black satin lace suspender belt around her slim waist. Matching panties
and bra completed the ensemble. A long negligee was draped over her shoulders,
shimmering with every movement.

“What’s all this?” smiled Janice

 “I try to dress to impress” Annelise replied. “Are you ready for
part one of your bondage training?”

“Well…Now?” stammered Janice.

“No time like the present. Well?”

“What did you have in mind?” Janice asked, her heart beginning to race.

“Stand here in the middle of the room. Put the mask on, and just let
me handle everything.“ Replied Annelise.

So Janice stood naked in darkness. Annelise took her wrists and bound
them lightly behind her back. She then made Janice part her legs and gently
inserted a remote controlled vibrator into Janice’s suddenly moist cunt,
and a similar butt plug in her anus. Jennifer squirmed slightly at the
unfamiliar intrusions, but kept quiet.
Next, Annelise produced a catering pack of plastic wrap and quickly
encased Janice’s upper body in multiple layers of film. Janice’s mind was
whirling with new sensations. What was Annie wrapping her up in? Nothing
she had seen in last night’s surfing had prepared her for this…At first
cool, then warm, like a cocoon… at first filmy and insubstantial, then
suddenly strong but flexible, allowing her to make only slight flexing
movements…

Annelise then gently laid Janice on to the thick carpet and wrapped
her feet, legs cunt and ass in wrap, taking care to keep the control wires
for the two vibrators free. Finally, she took two lengths of rope and attached
Janice’s ankles to a sofa leg with one piece, and, tying one end of the
other around Janice’s waist, secured the far end to a heavy table leg.
Janice could now squirm and roll all she wanted to, but she wasn’t going
anywhere…

Annelise made Janice wait, remaining as quiet as she could, then ever
so slowly engaged the vibrators.

Janice was in the dark, unable to hear anything except her own breathing.
Had Annelise gone away and left her like this? She tried to shake off the
unseen cocoon enfolding her, to no avail. Suddenly, she froze. She could
sense a tingling feeling in her abdomen…at first it had seemed just her
nerves, but there was a definite something going on down there…ever so
slowly waves of pleasure began building up and lapping against her consciousness,
building ever higher until finally tsunamis of bliss crashed through her
body. She convulsed repeatedly as tides of pleasure ebbed and flowed until
she drowned in her emotion and mercifully fell into a deep sleep.

Annelise had watched the entire performance enthralled, wishing she
were in Janice’s place. She began fingering herself in time with Janice’s
thrashings, until she also succumbed to a glorious climax. She then lay
down beside her friend/lover and slept her erotic exhaustion away.

Janice finally awoke to sense Annelise’s presence beside her. Her body
cramped with tired muscles due to her bondage, yet the pain was easy to
bear. Her slight movements stirred Annelise, who gazed fondly at Janice.
Reluctantly she took a pair of medical scissors and carefully cut off Janice’s
cocoon. The last thing she did prior to removing the blindfold was to withdraw
the two vibrators and place them in her handbag. This would be her surprise
to spring on Janice should there be a next time. Finally the blindfold
came off, and Janice lay there utterly spent and unable to move for a long
time.

When both girls had recovered from their erotic experience they planned
their strategy regarding Mark and the imminent rendezvous at Club Domino…

Finally evening fell and Janice entered the Club premises. She sat at
an empty table and ordered a tequila sunrise. She needed the Dutch courage,
since despite her calm exterior she trembled like a leaf on the inside.
Five minutes later she spied her accomplice enter. Annelise headed to the
bar from where she could clearly see Janice’s table reflected in the wide
mirror above the waitress’ station.

After a long wait during which both women had to fend off numerous advances
from hopeful males, Janice saw a familiar figure enter the Club. She made
a prearranged move, which told Annelise that the game was afoot. Janice
then caught Mark’s eye.

To be continued…
