---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/party_dress.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: The Party Dress
authors:
- Feline
tags:
- M/f
- F/f
- latex
- bond
- cons
- X
---

Erosboutique & Grometsplaza Latex story competition 2004

As Laura walked into the study she knew where Steve would be sitting,
without having to look.  He had been spending nearly all of his spare
time for the last two weeks in front of that damn computer, ever since
she had agreed to that stupid bet of his.

Despite her irritation she had to smile as she leaned over his shoulder
to look at the screen.  He was eyeing up latex French maid outfits
again, although “outfit” was hardly the right word for what he had found. 
You really had to give the designers credit, the model somehow looked even
more naked wearing the uniform than she would have been if she really was
naked.  She really didn’t mind him having his fun, especially not
when he was off at some other site.

Still, thinking about “that site” brought her back to the present, and
tomorrow’s party.

“Steve, I have just received a phone call from Mary.  She wanted
me to tell you that tomorrow evening will be fine, and that she is looking
forward to your surprise.”

“Good” Steve replied in an off hand way, with the bulk of his attention
clearly focussed on the computer screen.

At Steve’s dismissive reaction, Laura’s smile instantly evaporated,
and her frustrated and angry mood returned in a flash.  “Good? 
Is that all you have to say?  When were you planning on telling me
you had invited one of my best friends to the party?”

With a sigh Steve reluctantly turned away from the screen, knowing that
he wasn’t going to get any peace until he had dealt with Laura.  “I
am sure you remember that we agreed I could invite anyone I wanted, within
reason, so long as they weren’t connected with either of your jobs. 
Mary certainly fits the bill, and I thought you would appreciate the company. 
After all, nearly everyone else will be a complete stranger, just as you
wanted.”

Staring down at Steve, Laura could feel herself getting ready to explode. 
Seeing him sitting there, calm, relaxed and happy as he discussed her impending
humiliation, and knowing that he was exactly right was too much for her. 
With a strangled scream of “grrr” she turned and stalked out of the room.

Slamming the door of their bedroom shut on the way through, she threw
herself down on the bed, wondering why on earth she agreed to that stupid
bet in the first place.

Nearly everyone who knew her would have been totally shocked to learn
what was going on.  Her Spanish mother had been the source of both
her very good looks, and also her near total determination to be accepted
for her mind, rather than her body.  Oh, that hadn’t been her intension,
but it had been the result.  Her mother was quite the beauty herself,
and had been quite up front with Laura as she grew up about just how easy
it was to twist men around your little finger by dressing the right way,
and leading them on.

At first Laura had happily followed in her mother’s footsteps, going
through boyfriends like they were going out of fashion during her early
school years.  All that changed with the onset of puberty, and her
simultaneous discovery of her love of classical art.  Suddenly she
wanted more from the boys that fawning attention, she also wanted someone
she could talk to, someone to discuss things with, someone who understood
art, and could discuss it with her!

She slowly came to realise that if she dressed and acted like an air-headed
flirt, then she was never going to find the man of her dreams, so by the
time she left home to study Classical Art History at University in Manchester
she had transformed both her wardrobe and her whole way of being. 
She was still an undeniable beauty, but she didn’t flaunt it.  She
always wore modest outfits, hardly ever flirted, and sought out friends
for their intellect rather than their desire to bed her.

After graduation she politely declined her parents many requests that
she move back to the south-east of England and help out with her Fathers
small but successful computer consultancy.  He was starting to branch
out into website design and felt her artistic skills would be a valuable
contribution.

With the arrogance of youth she had concluded that he was far too shallow
for her to want to work with, being so preoccupied with appearances, her
mother being the perfect example in her mind.  So instead she stayed
in Manchester, took a crash course in becoming a teacher, and now 2 years
later was happily working as a budding painter, and part time art teacher
at the local college.

It was through the college that she had met Steve.  At 29 he was
7 years her senior, a rather plain man who shared her passion for classical
art.  Over the next several months they had found themselves spending
ever more time together, and came to see just how much they had in common. 
Soon the inevitable happened, and they moved in together.

It was Steve who found and unlocked the wild tease deep inside of Laura,
who had been locked away for so many years.  He used to joke that
the only thing to rival his passion for art was his passion for kinky sex,
and that really great kinky sex was an art form all of its own.

Rousing herself with difficulty, Laura grabbed her swimming bag, and
headed off, knowing that sitting and stewing wouldn’t do her any good. 
She tried to get in an hour or so in the pool every day, having loved the
water since she was a little girl.  Also, Steve really appreciated
the effect all of this exercise had on her figure.

As she climbed into her car, she ruefully admitted that this is what
comes of demanding a boyfriend her intellectual equal, he was able to get
her into all sorts of unspeakable trouble.

Two weeks ago had been a classic example.  He had tied her, naked
of course, to one of the wooden chairs from the dining room, which he had
carefully positioned in front of the TV, and in full view of the front
window.

He had often tied her to one or other of these chairs, since finding
the set in a flea market.  The style was fairly old fashioned, solid
construction using lots of dark wood, fettered slats for the back, shaped
legs…  not that any of this had really mattered to Steve.  As
he had confessed at the time all he saw was a heavy chair, with endless
little points to snag a rope or two as he tied someone to it.

As she sat there, patiently waiting while Steve worked his magic with
the soft white rope, she mulled over just how ludicrous the whole situation
was.  Here she was, a successful up and coming artist, a strong woman
who knew her own mind, meekly allowing her boyfriend to tie her naked to
a chair, with only the heavy curtains between her and total exposure to
anyone who walked past their house.

She had only questioned Steve about this position once, she simply didn’t
have the heart to bring it up again.  He had looked like a little
puppy who had just been kicked when she had pointed out that putting the
chair in front of the curtains was an implicit threat, that she was on
the cusp of being revealed, naked and bound, to the world.

In an injured voice he had pointed out that this was the only TV in
the house, and they could hardly enjoy watching the movies of their previous
sessions without the TV.  Anyway, the curtains were heavy, well drawn,
and totally private.  Then he had looked into her eyes and asked if
she really believed he would ever expose her like that, without her permission?

Her rational mind of course agreed with his logic, and she did trust
him.  Still, in the back of her mind, in the secret dark corners she
wondered, would he one day open the curtains and show the world what a
wicked slut she really was?  With a rueful smile she started the car
and had to agree that perhaps the real issue wasn’t Steve at all, but that
she herself wanted him to reveal her, to show her off, to show people just
how sexy, teasing and wild she could be.

If she was honest with herself, it was these dark and forbidden fantasies
that had inspired her to start keeping a diary, a hidden diary that she
had been filling with letters to Steve, telling him all of the things she
was too shy to admit to his face, for the last year or so.

When she wanted that extra thrill while tied up and naked, she would
imagine Steve stumbling upon the diary, while he was moving around the
house, looking for things, and then acting out her forbidden requests.

God, she had even positioned the diary where just a single corner was
left peaking out from underneath something innocuous, tempting, daring
Steve to find it.  Only a few times, just before she knew he was going
to play one of his “games” with her.  By the time she was released
she was frantic to find the diary, to hide it, to burn it, to check that
Steve hadn’t found it, and to make sure that he never could!  Yet
despite all of the promises she made to herself, despite all of the oaths
she swore, she never did, and a few weeks later she would put it where
Steve might just discover it, once again.

As she moved the car out of the drive, and set off on the 20-minute
drive to the pool, she found herself thinking back over “that” day once
again.

The basic position had become an old and familiar friend.  Her
legs spread, and tied to the front two chair legs at ankle and knee, making
sure her pussy was exposed to any devilish little treats Steve might have
dreamt up.

Next he would place several loops of rope around her tummy and chest,
securely binding her torso to the back of the chair, making sure she had
no wiggle room, no way to try and avoid his questing and teasing finger
tips.  He always did her arms last, making her help him to get the
earlier ropes in just the right position, teasing her with comments about
how good a bondage slave she was, and how well trained she was, to meekly
sit there and help her master tie her up.

His teasing comments always made her face blush, and her pussy drip
with eager wetness in equal measure.  Everything he said was true,
but it was also so alien to her public persona, to the person she had been
working hard to become ever since puberty…

As Steve moved to secure her arms behind her back, wrists together and
elbows as close as they would comfortably go he would congratulate her
on how well her slave posture made her breasts thrust forward, large, round,
sensitive and inviting.  He knew full well what effect his words were
having on her, which only drove him on, always seeking new and exciting
ways to spell out just how wanton and lust filled she was!

Of course, once he had finished the basic bondage, he was free to take
his time adding as much extra rope as he wanted.  Sometimes he did,
spending hours simply covering her entire body with loop after loop of
rope, tying each of her fingers and toes individually, making absolutely
sure that there was no possible escape for her.

Other times he would settle for the basic bondage, and instead concentrate
on teasing her!  “That” day had been a teasing session.  He had
started by telling her that Spain was playing England at football in the
afternoon, and that he needed to have her “all dealt with” before the game,
since he wanted to enjoy England’s victory.

Misplaced national pride, combined with feeling offended that he could
possibly prefer to watch football over playing with her naked and shapely
body had caused her to inform him in no uncertain terms that Spain would
win, and she would thoroughly enjoy watching his team lose.  She didn’t
let the fact that she was only half Spanish, or that she had grown up in
England get in her way.

Steve, damn him! Had simply looked smug, and told her she didn’t know
what she was talking about, while simultaneously making her groan with
pleasure as he teased her pussy lips and clit with his oh so knowing fingers.

Over the next hour, as the haze of lust, and the burning desire for
an orgasm came to dominate her entire being, she became increasingly irate
with Steve.  Not only was he totally calm and unflappable in his certainty
that England would win, he was also being uncommonly wicked, getting her
far hotter sooner, and for longer, than normal.

She had worked out since that all of this was deliberate, but at the
time she wasn’t thinking so clearly.  So instead she had uttered those
oh so fateful words, “Spain will win, just you see, I bet you!”

Steve had paused in his ministrations just long enough to tell her not
to be so silly, point out that she didn’t know anything about football,
which was true, and to refuse to take any bet she offered under such “distracted”
conditions.

If her arms had been free she would have hit him!  As it was she
had to content with just calling him several unmentionable things, reiterating
her challenge, and pointing out that no mere man could have such a distracting
effect on her!

Laura would have hung her head in shame at the memory if possible, but
she had to keep her eyes on the traffic.  He had played her like an
expert, knowing just how stubborn she could be, he had used her own bloody
mindedness against her!

It had taken her 20 minutes to make Steve agree to take the bet, by
which point there was no way she could back out, her pride would never
let her, even now, no matter how much she wished she had never said anything.

Checking the clock as he accepted, Steve informed her that they still
had 2 hours, and settled down to work out the terms of the bet with her. 
After hearing her demand that he repaint all of the rooms, Steve settled
down to “think” about what he wanted should he win.  Looking back,
she was sure he already knew exactly what he wanted from her, but he make
a good show of working through several options, before setting on the party.

If he won, they would hold a party, for a small and select group of
his friends.  She was to be the star attraction at this party, since
she would be dressed in an outfit of his choosing, and tied to the wall
for the entire evening.

Even in her distracted state it didn’t take Laura long to realise this
meant she was likely to be basically bound and naked in front of a large
number of Steve’s friends and colleges.  It wasn’t too hard to get
Steve to agree to no guests from her work, or anyone who could get her
in trouble.

However the outfit proved to be far more of a sticking point. 
He simply refused to accept any of her restrictions, and kept on accusing
her of trying to back out.  After half an hour, getting desperate
and frustrated, and not just from his attentive fingers, she suggested
they agree on one of their favourite sites, and he could select an outfit
of his choice from them.

Agreeing that this might work, he went off to fetch their laptop, so
they could agree on a site.

Laura instantly vetoed most of his suggestions, especially since most
of them didn’t do any outfits at all!  For god’s sake, his second
suggestion only sold cages!  While privately she had always considered
the idea of being locked naked inside a small cage to be a fun fantasy,
there was no way she was agreeing to that for the party!

Finally they agreed on www.erosboutique.org, since at least they did
have outfits.  True, most of them oozed sex, but by this time Laura
had come to accept there was no way around that particular outcome, should
she lose.

Of course, Steve refused to let her pick the outfit, or even to have
any say in it at all.  However, given he was once more hard at work
with his fingers, teasing and caressing her pussy, Laura didn’t really
care.

In fact, now that the terms of the bet seemed to be well established
Steve seemed to forget about it, and instead turned his full attention
to her naked, exposed and helpless body.  The next hour seemed to
fly by, while also taking forever, all at the same time.  Laura’s
regular plea’s for release, for orgasm, were simply ignored.  Instead
Steve teased her by pointing out that if she was much louder in her requests
the neighbours were likely to come round and help.

Finally it was time for the start of the game, and Laura received some
relief, in that Steve pulled up a second chair, and settled down next to
her to watch the game.  His stray hand, caressing and wandering over
her breasts and pussy for most of the game helped to keep Laura interested,
despite her complete disinterest in football.  The only thing she
cared about was the final score, and winning the bet!

Nearly two hours later she had her answer, a clear and decisive two
– nil victory for England!  Steve turning to face her and asking if
she still wanted to go through with the bet nearly made her scream.

Sitting there, knowing that if she said yes she was going to be offered
up as some bound sex symbol for everyone to stare at and drool over. 
God, it was exactly what she wanted, but she wasn’t sure she really wanted
it.  She had been sitting, steaming and stewing over these thoughts,
getting progressively more frustrated and horny ever since the final score
had been announced 5 minutes ago, but she was still no closer to a decision.

Taking refuge in her stubborn nature, and feeling frustrated by Steve,
who was managing to sit there, all calm and relaxed, while she was being
torn in two by the conflicting feelings, she suddenly found a focus and
channel for all of her emotional stress.  “Yes” she nearly shouted,
“of course I want to go through with the bloody bet!  Have your fun
if you must, but remember payback can be a real bitch.”

“As you wish” he replied, his calm and relaxed state only serving to
further frustrate Laura.  “I had best get started picking out your
outfit then”, and with that he got up and left the room, taking the laptop
with him.

For several moments Laura simply sat there, stunned.  She could
hardly believe he had just turned his back on her so easily, especially
when she was feeling like this!  Didn’t he know that she was dying
for an orgasm?  Didn’t he know how desperate she was to feel his penis
sliding deep inside of her?

It was well over two hours, hours filled with mind numbing TV, and constant
frustration both as how she had been left, and that Steve didn’t once respond
to her quiet yet earnest calls for him to get his “lazy fucking arsehole
back in here and finish what he had started”.  She dare not call too
loudly for fear that the neighbours would here, and ask what all the fuss
was about.

The last two weeks had been the longest two weeks she could ever remember. 
Steve of course was taking everything in his stride.  She had tried
denying him access to her body, but had been unable to keep that up past
the first week.  The constant fantasizing about what this party might
hold, wondering if he had found her diary, praying he hadn’t, wondering
how he was going to show her off, and to whom…

It was keeping her pussy in a constant state of wetness, even as it
frayed her nerves and left her edgy and uptight.

Plus those websites!  Steve seemed to have a new personal mission,
to find and explore every single website that sold kinky, perverted, or
simply revealing outfits, and to parade the best of the lot in front of
her.  He was always asking her how she felt about this or that outfit
for the party.

For all the different styles and types of outfits he had shown her,
not one of them was available at www.erosboutique.org, and not once did
she find him visiting the site.  If he was trying to use reverse psychology
to make her study the site day in and day out, in a desperate hope of guessing
what he was going to pick it was working!

By
the end of the second day she was nearly certain he was going to pick the
“Mistress Spanking Dress” (  ).  Not only did he consider her
bottom to be one of her best features, she knew that he often fantasised
about spanking her in public.  It was perfect.  Well, it was
perfect for him.  She would probably die of shame if he made her wear
it, yet every chance she got she would return to the site and look at the
dress, fantasising about being made to wear it, paraded around in bondage,
teased, having her naked and inviting bottom teased and pinched by every
single party goer…

Oh god!  Finally pulling into the car park at the swimming pool
she was in desperate need of a cold shower before her swim.  At least
the party was tomorrow and the waiting would be over.  Surely he had
picked the spanking dress.  But what if he hadn’t?

For the thousandth time that day she tried to put all thoughts of the
party out of her head.  Instead she rushed to change, and attacked
the pool with uncommon vigour.  Two hours later, totally exhausted,
she finally emerged from the pool, too tired to care any more, just wanting
to go home and sleep.

Finally Saturday dawned.  Suspecting that she was in for a long
evening, Laura treated herself to a sinfully long lay in, not emerging
from her bed until nearly 10:30.  Finding a brief note from Steve
resting on her alarm clock, saying that he had gone out to organise some
things, and that he would be back around 2pm, she decided on a long hot
bath straight after breakfast.  After all, she wanted to look her
best for her coming out party.  She smiled to herself at the thought,
not realising just how right she was.

After soaking in the hot water and bubbles for nearly an hour, Laura
emerged and lovingly shaved both her legs and her under arms, before laying
out several different sexy outfits on the bed.  What to wear? 
After considering several different options, she finally decided to just
go with nothing, and slid her arms into an old and very comfortable bathrobe. 
After all, she told herself with a shrug, what’s the point of getting dressed
up only to be undressed and re-dressed as soon as Steve is ready?

Having made her decision, she settled down with her latest romance for
a quiet read.  She did briefly consider doing something to help prepare
for
the party, but that was Steve’s baby, and anyway, she was doing ample by
agreeing to provide the entertainment.

By the time Steve arrived home she was deeply engrossed in the tangled
love life of Dr Adrian West, and the two ward sisters who were both relentlessly
pursuing him.  She looked up to acknowledge his arrival, but instantly
returned her attention to the book.  It was rare to have the time
to just read without any distractions, and she had already decided not
to waste a single precious minute of it.

Laura was vaguely aware of Steve moving around in the background, but
since he seemed content to let her read, she managed to tune him out and
was nearly two thirds of the way through the book when he finally disturbed
her, telling her it was time for her to start getting ready.

With a degree of reluctance Laura put the book down, before standing
up tall and triumphantly throwing the robe open, to reveal her naked body. 
While she may have lost the bet, she saw no reason to give Steve the satisfaction
of seeing her blush, or look nervous.

However, much to her surprise Steve was totally unmoved by either her
gesture, or her nakedness, and instead simply analysed her with his critical
workman’s eye, as if she was nothing more than a half finished sculpture
he was crafting.

“The first thing is to get rid of all of that pubic hair,” Steve declared
in a totally matter of fact manor.  “Come on, come on, we need to
get a move on if we are going to have everything read in time.”

“But why” Laura asked, puzzled at Steve’s comment, and upset that he
had totally ignored her show.

Seeing that Laura wasn’t following him, Steve moved back across the
lounge, and gently grabbed her left wrist before literally pulling her
to the bathroom.  “We need to make sure you cannot get caught in the
zipper” was all Steve would say on the subject.

“What has got into him?” Laura asked herself, as she suddenly found
herself sitting on the bathroom floor, with her legs spread wide, and Steve
kneeling down, gently trimming all of her hair prior to shaving her. 
She was well aware that this was a common male fantasy, but Steve had never
expressed any interest in this before.

For all of her doubts and questions, Laura didn’t object, and quietly
went along with Steve’s demand.  There was something about his cold
and unfeeling attitude towards her that was stirring her deep inside. 
Before she had really started trying to analyse her feelings about all
of this Steve had finished, and had left the room to collect her outfit.

“This is it, the moment of truth” Laura thought to herself as Steve
returned, carrying a surprisingly large cardboard box and a large bottle
of talcum powder.  “What does he need that for?” Laura wondered, there
was hardly enough to the mistress spanking dress to cover her, let alone
to present a challenge climbing into.

Steve’s sudden flurry of activity as he covered her legs, hips and back
with talcum powder really confused her, this simply made no sense at all. 
Then he turned, and from the box he unfurled a large pile of shining red
latex.  It took Laura several moments to make sense of the shape as
Steve held it up and shook it out, since it was the complete opposite of
what she expected.  She burst out laughing as she recognised it, a
cat suit!  Steve had got her a full body cat suit in red latex! 
Through the giggles she managed to squeeze out, “is that it?  is that
the outfit you want me to wear?  And I thought you were going to pick
something revealing”, and with that Laura once more dissolved into squeals
of helpless laughter.

All of this worry and stress over what?  Nothing, nothing at all. 
Steve remained quiet, impassive, almost cold as she laughed, only waiting
for her to calm down enough to be able to stand still before he undid the
long zip down the front and gestured that he wanted her to start climbing
into the suit.

As she slowly worked her legs into place, adding more talcum powder
as she went, Laura considered her new outfit.  It was certainly figure
hugging, but no more so than her swimming costume, and it certainly covered
quite a bit more.

It
was only after she had worked her arms into place, and Steve was working
the zip up her front, smoothing the latex as he went, that she realised
that it was going to leave rather a lot of cleavage showing.  Her
suspicions were confirmed when Steve bucked the collar around her neck,
outlining a truly wonderful view of her cleavage in the shining red latex.

Still Laura considered, it wasn’t really any more daring that a few
other things in her wardrobe, if you ignored the fact that it was made
out of latex.  As she moved around a little, getting used to the feel,
and letting the suit settle fully into position on her body she realised
what Steve had meant about the zip.  The zip didn’t just go right
the way down her front, it continued through her crotch and ended up just
above her bottom, almost at the small of her back.  Feeling down her
back she quickly confirmed that yes, it was indeed a double ended zip.

She started to feel the first tremor of unease.  Surely Steve wouldn’t
unzip her at that end, not in public.  But why had he been so concerned
to make sure that she was clean-shaven?  Looking to him for reassurance,
she saw that the same stony, almost distracted expression was still on
his face.  Perhaps it hadn’t been such a good idea to laugh at his
choice of outfits after all, she thought.

“Stand still, and spread your legs a bit, I need to polish your suit”
Steve suddenly announced.  Laura moved quickly to obey, not asking
what he meant, hoping this would help to mellow his strange mood.

For the next twenty minutes Laura simply stood there, her bare feet
slowly starting to get cold, while Steve slowly and methodically worked
his hands over every square inch of her suit, working a cloth and some
liquid over the latex.  “This should be feeling sexy” Laura told herself,
being caressed all over.  But it wasn’t, not at all.  There was
no real sense of tenderness, of love, simply of a job that had to be done,
so it was being done.

Laura came back with a slight start, and realised that she had been
drifting, simply waiting for something to happen.  Looking around,
puzzled, wondering what had brought her back to earth she saw Steve, thankfully
with a slight smile on his face, offering up a new pair of 3 inch high
heels, bright red of course.

As she slipped them on Laura offered up thanks that they weren’t too
tall, just in case Steve was planning on tying her standing upright.

Moments later Laura saw that her concerns were well founded, as Steve
took her hand and gently let her into the lounge.  He had cleared
the end wall, taking down the paintings, the single shelf, and the hanging
plants, to reveal the large wooden cross that was fixed to the end wall. 
Normally it was hidden, and appeared to be nothing more than an artistically
shaped support for the plants and artwork.  However, when it was revealed,
like it was now, its true purpose was far more obvious, it was ideal for
holding someone fixed to the wall, spread eagled, exposed, and very well
displayed.

Knowing what was coming next, Laura moved to stand in front of the X,
pressing her bottom into the X’s centre, and leaning back into the wall,
giving Steve her best “come here and take me” expression.  She was
reassured to see an answering smile, and a clear swelling in his trousers. 
“Perhaps he is just preoccupied with the preparations for the party” Laura
reassured herself, as she watched Steve collect several long coils of their
favourite soft white rope.

Starting at her waist, Steve started to work the rope back and forward,
moving towards and down her left leg, wrapping the rope securely around
each of the small hooks that were screwed to both sides of the wood.

Taking deep breaths, Laura let her head fall back and rest on the wall
while Steve secured her in place.  She always loved this feeling of
the rope weaving across her body, its tight, secure and unyielding grip
holding her firmly in place, removing all control, and with it all responsibility
from her.

It always took ages for Steve to secure her to the frame, the hooks
being less than a centimetre apart on each side, the loops of rope formed
a tight and regular cross hatched weaved up and down her body, supporting
her as they secured her, helping her to hold this otherwise difficult position,
with her feet spread a good three feet apart, and her arms spread out equally
above her head.

Finally though it was done, and as Steve stepped back, and moved the
small stepladder to one side, he caressed her exposed cleavage with his
fingertips.  As her breath shuddered in and out of her, Laura considered
that perhaps this was the better outfit after all.  While the mistress
dress would have left her bottom totally exposed and vulnerable that hardly
mattered while she was so tightly secured to the frame.

“There, now just the final finishing touches” Steve commented.

Feeling curious, Laura watched with interest as Steve produced the cardboard
box that had held her cat suit.  Once again she burst into laughter
at the sight of her outfit, but this time it was a more gentle, loving
giggle.  Steve had produced a headband with a pair of cats ears on
top, covered in short red fur.  It made sense, cat ears to go with
her cat suit, but at the same time it seemed so light hearted and childish
that she just had to laugh.

The black half mask that followed, clearly designed to suggest feline
features was more of a surprise.  Laura considered this odd pair of
items as Steve stepped up and first secured the mask on her face, positioning
it so that she could see out of the eyeholes, before adding the headband.

Glancing at his watch and muttering something about being nearly on
time Steve returned to the cardboard box and produced a simple leather
collar with what looked like a small glass jar hanging from it.  Laura
had very little time to analyse what she was seeing before Steve had moved
forward, and was fitting the collar around her neck.

Laura watched as Steve stepped back, and spent several moments simply
admiring the sight of her.  Meeting her gaze, he said, “The mask and
the vial of liquid are to help ensure your privacy.  The vial contains
a liquid that will dissolve your cat suit, so I suggest you stay very quiet,
since every time you say something for the rest of the night I will be
forced to drop one drop of the liquid down your lovely cleavage. 
The more you say, the more of your suit will be dissolved away, and the
more exposed you will be, in front of all of our guests.”

Seeing that Laura was about to speak he stepped forward and placed a
single outstretched finger across her lips.  “Shush, you lost the
bet, and this is all part of the outfit.  Just be a good little centrepiece
and everything will be fine.  You never know, you might even enjoy
tonight.”  With that Steve turned and walked off, leaving Laura alone
with her thoughts.

Was it possible that Steve had found and read her diary after all? 
There had been no sign of it until now, but this, this thread of exposure
to strangers, while she was bound and helpless to prevent it…  it
was straight out of her favourite, and most private fantasies.

But if Steve really had found her diary, if he really was going to act
out her fantasies, her letters to him, then this was only the beginning! 
Oh god!  Please god, let Steve be telling the truth, let this be part
of the outfit.  Certainly she had never seen anything like this liquid
on the website, but she had only bothered to look over the pictures of
the clothing, to assure herself that the things Steve kept on showing her
during the last two weeks weren’t really options.

Yet even as she tried to tell herself this wasn’t what she wanted her
pussy was dripping wet, and starting to spasm, as if it was milking an
invisible penis buried deep inside of her hot wet vagina.

Closing her eyes Laura tried to get control of herself, tried to convince
herself that she didn’t want this, tried to tell herself that she really
was the prim and proper woman she worked so hard to appear.  Somehow
though, standing here, dressed like a sex toy, tied to the wall, and awaiting
god knows what, her body wasn’t listening to her.

The sound of the front door bell brought her back to the here and now
with a sharp shock.  The guests, they were starting to arrive! 
Oh god, Mary was going to be one of the guests?  What would she think
of her after tonight?  Laura wasn’t worried that Mary would be shocked,
after all, Mary was the one who was always trying to get Laura to loosen
up and try something “new and different”, which always seemed to involve
handcuffs.

No, it seemed most unlikely that Mary would be shocked, but what would
she say to their mutual friends?  Despite all the talk of a more open
and tolerant society she was sure the school board wouldn’t take kindly
to rumours of what she got up to.

The voices were loader now, clearly several people were moving around
the house, but no one had opened the door and come into the lounge yet. 
Was it possible Steve was just teasing her, and that he was going to keep
the door shut all night?  Even as her mind clutched at this hope her
body didn’t really believe this, or perhaps didn’t want to believe this.

It was very hard to judge time, with no visible clock, but Laura guessed
it had been at least half an hour since she had heard the first voices. 
Since then the front door had opened and closed several times, and the
number of voices had gone up each time.  It sounded like quite a fun
party was going on.  Every time she had heard voices just outside
the door she had broken out in a cold sweat, whether from excitement or
fear she could not tell.

Suddenly the door was flung open, and Steve stood there, framed in the
doorway, with a crowd of people milling around behind him.  “If you
will all come this way, it is time to introduce you to my assistant for
tonight.”

Laura was only vaguely listening to Steve introduce her, she was intent
on scanning the faces, trying to work out if there was anyone here she
knew, and if Mary was here.  Suddenly she spotted Mary, near the back
of the group, as the people started to divide up and spread out around
the room.  Her 5’6” figure was dressed in what looked like a skin
tight Lycra little black dress, that was so low cut at the front and so
short in the skirt it hardly qualified for the description dress. 
Just as she was focusing on Mary, and her movements, something about what
Steve was saying caught her attention and she started wondering what he
was explaining.

“A very shy assistant, so in order to protect their identity I am not
allowed to even reveal their gender, let alone their name.  Now we
all know how it is at these do’s, always looking for something to say,
trying to strike up a conversation with some innocent bystander.” 
For some reason that produced a ripple of laughter from nearly all of the
guests.  “So, to help remind my assistant to remain silent there is
a little reward hanging around their neck, which will be used every time
they say something.  After all, we wouldn’t want them to let slip
any clues to their sex would we?”

By the end of Steve’s speech the whole room seemed to be giggling, or
in many cases laughing out load.  Laura was starting to wonder just
what sort of party this was, and if everyone was on something.

Looking around the room it started to dawn on here that everyone was
dressed strangely too.  There was a LOT of skin on show, Mary was
quite modestly dressed in fact by the standards of this crowd, and all
of the outfits seemed to be made of latex or leather, with Mary’s Lycra
dress being the single exception.  Even Steve was dressed in a pair
of tight black leather trousers, trousers that she didn’t even know he
owned.  Like most of the men, and a couple of the women, he was bare
from the waste up.  What was this?  Was Steve planning some form
of orgy or swingers party?

With a loud yelp of surprise Laura’s attention was grabbed by the sensation
of someone massaging her pussy through the suit.  Even as she was
looking down to see who was feeling her up, she heard Mary’s voice calling
out, “does that earn your assistant a reward?”  It was clear from
the giggly tone of voice that she was having fun, and was probably quite
drunk already.

Before Steve could reply she continued. “I bet your assistant is female,
and I know just the way to prove it” suddenly Laura realised Mary was looking
right into her eyes, smiling at her, she knew who she was!  “Don’t
I?”  Even as Laura was vigorously shaking her head no, Mary was bending
down and tugging at the bottom of the zip, working it down her bottom and
between her legs.  Mary kept on tugging until the zip reached her
belly button, and then she gave the suit a slight tug, to part the edges
of the zip, fully exposing her naked, and freshly shaved pussy!

Mary’s eyes were fully of mirth, while Laura didn’t know what she was
feeling.  The only thing she was sure of was that she didn’t want
it to stop.  Leaning close to her ear, Mary whispered “You know, you
are going to have to be punished for keeping this a secret from your best
friend for so long.”

Turning back to the room, she asked “Well, did that yelp earn your assistant
a reward or not?”  As she was speaking, she backed up close to Laura,
and brought her hands behind her back, bringing all of her fingers to bear
on Laura’s exquisitely sensitive outer pussy lips.  As Laura drew
deep breaths, and fought to keep silent, she couldn’t help but wonder if
Mary was this good with her fingers drunk, what was she like sober?

Laura was vaguely aware of Steve speaking, but she was far too distracted
to pay much attention to what he was saying.  Suddenly there were
a lot of shouts of “YES” and “go on, reward her”, including one man shouting
“just stripper her naked and give us a show”.

Trying hard to focus on Steve, and to put Mary and her simply incredible
fingers out of her mind, she was aware of Steve moving towards her saying
that “well, the crowd has spoken, so it is time for your first reward.”

As Steve reached her, Mary turned and moved to one side.  But instead
of removing her hands as Laura had half hoped, she removed one, but started
to finger fuck her with the other, while everyone looked on, and several
people egged her on.  “No, please no” Laura quietly moaned, feeling
an imminent orgasm building, torn between the sensations Mary was causing,
the shame of her position, and her need to be exposed in front of these
people.

“There!  You heard that didn’t you?” a gleeful Mary exclaimed,
her fingers stopping as she focussed on the idea of getting a second reward
for Laura.

“Yes I did,” confirmed Steve, putting on a stern expression.  “It
looks like it is going to be a long night for my assistant.”  With
that he gently manipulated the small glass jar, pulling a dropper out of
the top, and carefully let two small drops fall right down between Laura’s
heaving breasts.

As the liquid made contact with her skin she couldn’t help but cry out. 
It stung, and burnt, and it was rolling over a very sensitive area! 
“No, before anyone asks, that doesn’t count” Steve explained to cries of
dismay.  “The liquid is a little irritating on my assistants skin. 
Perhaps someone with some ice in their drink would be willing to contribute
an ice cube or two to help sooth my assistant?”

Steve’s news produced a round of cheers, and half a dozen people all
moved forward, their drinks to the fore.  In a matter of moments there
were half a dozen hands all caressing Laura’s breasts through the latex,
teasing her nipples, and trying to fit as many ice cubes as possible into
her heaving cleavage.  Things weren’t helped at all when Mary got
hold of one of the ice cubes and applied it to her clitoris, making her
jump as much as she could, which was very little, given the tightness of
her bonds.

This show both broke the ice, and set the tone for the rest of the night. 
Steve never strayed far from her side, but he never once stepped in to
protect her either.  True, no one ever did anything too nasty, but
she was often sobbing, either because her desperately desired orgasm was
once again being withheld, or because of another dose of her “reward” was
trickling its way down her cleavage.

Soon she forgot all about the possibility of the liquid dissolving her
outfit, its effect on her skin was far more immediate, and far more concerning. 
The problem was Mary, she seemed able to read her like an open book, and
not only kept up a steady teasing of her exposed pussy, but also oversaw
a constant stream of guests, all of whom seemed more than eager to try
and “guess the sex of the assistant” by groping her breasts, thighs, pussy,
in fact any part of her that they could reach.

However when ever she got too close to an orgasm Mary would call out
a warning, and everything would instantly stop, which invariably resulted
in another desperate sob, cry, or as the evening wore on, long and pathetic
session of begging on Laura’s part.

It didn’t matter what she said, the only “reward” she ever received
was another drop or two of that dreaded liquid, normally followed by another
eager handful of ice cubes, as if anyone still needed an excuse to have
a good feel of her breasts.

Eventually Laura realised that no one was molesting her, and that it
was strangely quiet.  Slowly she opened her eyes, and tried to work
out what was going on.  With effort she made out Steve and Mary, but
no one else was visible.  “The party’s over, its time to get you down
from there and into bed” Steve explained.

At any other time Laura would have had a host of questions, not least
of which why was Mary still here?  But not now, not in this state,
all she cared about was the thought of getting down and lying in her bed. 
Her arms and legs were so sore from the prolonged bondage, she was so horny,
so tired…  all that mattered was the thought of lying down.

Moving quickly Steve released first one arm, and then the second, as
Mary helped Laura to stay upright while Steve set to work releasing her
legs.  Held up between them, almost crying with the pain of the muscle
cramps she hobbled along towards the bedroom.  Collapsing on her back
she was vaguely aware of someone tugging at the zipper of her suit, but
passed out before she worked out if it was Steve or Mary.

It was early afternoon on Sunday before Laura started to wake up. 
She found herself naked and alone in bed, still sore from yesterday, but
nothing too bad.  She had felt worse after a prolonged bondage session
at Steve’s hands.

Seeing that it was already so late, she decided that another half hour
in bed wouldn’t make any difference, so turning the radio on and setting
it to something gentle and soothing she rested for a while longer, thinking
back over last night, trying to sort out her feelings about the whole experience.

Not really any further forward after nearly an hour of rest, and masturbating
to four orgasms thinking about it, she finally got up, and pulled on her
bathrobe before setting off in search of something to eat.

She wasn’t totally surprised to find Steve and Mary sitting together
in the kitchen, chatting, presumably about last night and her.  Well
she could hardly blame them since things had definitely changed!

After pouring herself a bowl of cereal and milk, and grabbing a banana
she sat down at the kitchen table, and noticed both Steve and Mary looking
at her, with great big grins on their faces.  “We were just commenting
on how much fun you were having in there” Mary said as she gestured towards
the bedroom with her head.  “We could hear you quite clearly, it was
four times wasn’t it?”

Blushing bright red, and desperate to change the subject, Laura turned
to Steve and asked, “what ever happened to my suit?”

“Oh, it’s laid out in the lounge drying off.  We washed it out
last night after putting you to bed.”

“But, but” started a puzzled Laura, “what about the liquid?  You
said it would dissolve the latex.”

“I was only teasing you.  It was simply a mixture of mild curry
powder and itching powder in water.  Something to get you all hot
and bothered, but quite safe, especially in the tiny amounts I was using. 
You didn’t really think I would expose you like that did you?  Not
without your permission anyway.”

Stunned, Laura simply sat for several moments looking back and forward
between Steve and Mary.  Steve was looking all concerned, hurt that
she might have thought such things about him, while Mary was sporting a
massive and rather evil grin.

“But what about Mary, showing my pussy off like that to everyone?”

“Trust me, it was just as much a surprise for me as it was for you,”
Steve replied, ignoring Laura’s rude snort of disbelief.  “However,
when I saw how much you were enjoying it, I saw no reason to intervene. 
Also by the time I realised what was happening it was too late to protect
your modesty.”

“Oh god” thought Laura, “so all that happened without Steve finding
my diary.  Or did he find it and put Mary up to this?  Surely
he isn’t that devious, is he?  I REALLY must destroy the diary, tomorrow
perhaps, after I write just one more letter, to Mary this time…”

2004
