---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Natalie’s Room
authors:
- Majesty Natalie
tags:
- F-m
- findom
- feet
- mast
- cuckold
- gaslighting
- hum
- mind-control
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-09-28 00:00:00
---

### **Natalie’s Room: Where Boyfriends Go to Obey**

#### **Chapter 1: Meeting Natalie**

Logan met Natalie at a party. He was attracted to her instantly, in her white sneakers and skimpy clothes. She was tiny, barely coming up to his chest. Her tanned skin was peeking through the gaps between her clothes, the skin of her flat stomach under her crop top, tight thighs, smooth calves. He watched her from a distance for a while, seeing her chat with her friends, her mouth turned upwards in a mischievous grin. She turned her doe-like eyes to a guy in the group who quickly went to bring them all drinks. She didn’t even thank him, just waved him away, sending him away from them like a slave.

Logan didn’t want to be creepy, but he found Natalie captivating, and his gaze kept wandering towards her, and he found himself drifting towards her as the night went on. He was close enough to hear her conversations, hear her laugh, her voice, the way she’d tease her friends–a mix of joking and cruel. Her voice was condescending, bitchy, and sexy. He could picture her speaking to him in bed, and could practically hear what she’d sound like moaning.

He spent half the night working up the courage to talk to her, not that Logan was usually a shy guy. But Natalie was exceptionally cute, and with a bit of alcohol in his veins, it was hard for Logan to focus on anything except how easy it would be to pick her up and have her wrap her legs around his waist. He didn’t want to be an asshole or make a fool of himself. In the end, it was Natalie who approached him.

She was bratty, flirty, and confident, and when she asked for his number, it was more of a demand.

“Maybe I’ll call you,” she said, walking away without looking back. Logan was worried his mouth was hanging open. He could still feel the heat of her touch on his arm, still hear her laugh when she’d giggled at the answer to a question she’d asked him, an answer he hadn’t meant to be funny.

Logan was still reeling from their interaction–and a bit of a hangover–the next day, when he got a text from Natalie. He was surprised to hear from her, if he was being honest, but glad of it. His cock throbbed as he pictured her in that short skirt she’d worn the day before, the way she’d tossed her hair over her shoulders, those pretty, full lips he was desperate to feel around his cock.

Take me to dinner, the text said. Logan wasn’t a controlling guy, but he was used to being the one in a relationship to make at least some of the decisions. Natalie’s confidence surprised and intrigued him. He liked how direct she was, how easy it seemed for her to ask for what she wanted. He texted her when and where, and met her at the restaurant in his nicest outfit. Natalie wore a golden dress that clung to her body, showing off her form, the curve of her small breasts, her abs. It bordered on inappropriate for the restaurant, but it was so hot, and no one complained about the glances that Natalie got as the two of them walked to their table. Logan tried to feel proud instead of jealous. Yes, they were all looking at her. But he was the one who was out to dinner with her.

The place was expensive, and, when the bill came, he paid it without flinching, though his nerves jangled, making him itch to check his bank balance. He forgot about it shortly, however, when Natalie asked him–told him, more accurately–to take her home.

Despite having scored a date with Natalie, he hadn’t really expected to get to take her home, but he was glad he’d tidied up a little anyway as she walked through his house, eyes scanning everything judgmentally.

“It’s not too fancy,” he said, tugging on his collar. “But it’s mine.”

“Mm,” Natalie said uninterestedly. “What do you have to drink?”

Logan opened a bottle of wine he’d been saving for a special promotion, even though Natalie barely sipped it, swirling it around her glass for a while while Logan tried desperately to keep the conversation interesting.

“I want ice cream,” Natalie announced, cutting him off in the middle of a story. Logan blinked, shaking himself a little, then nodded. Ice cream it was. Logan paid for the Uber.

He saw Natalie a few times over the next couple of weeks. Each time, he brought her a gift. She smiled, looked at it, then shoved it back in whatever designer bag she’d pulled it from, pursing her lips.

“Cute,” she said about a necklace that had cost Logan too much money. She let it fall into the bag, not even bothering to put it back into its box. “Let’s go get dinner.”

Despite the annoyance Logan felt when Natalie didn’t appreciate his gifts, he realized he’d already fallen in love with the girl. He did his best to keep her happy, running errands for her, paying for every expense she casually mentioned having, spending all of his free time with her. Soon, they were official, and he couldn’t have been happier or more under her spell.

#### **Chapter 2: The First Test**

“I’m sharing this wishlist with you so you know the kinds of gifts I actually like,” Natalie said, the implication that she didn’t like many of his previous gifts being made clear. He snuck a peek at her username, Majesty Natalie. Plus, Logan had seen the bags sitting on her counter, unopened and unloved, collecting dust like a stack of dirty dishes or junk mail. He’d offered to clean up her house for her but she’d only scoffed and waved a hand at him. “You can pay a cleaner,” she said. “But I don’t want you touching my things.” Currently, Natalie was slowly sucking noodles from a bowl into her mouth, her lips pressed outward, her gaze on the phone in her hands. He was enthralled with her, impressed that she could make even eating pasta sexy. He picked at the dumplings on his plate, scanning through the wish list she’d sent him.

So many things on it were close to the gifts he’d showered her with, but just a bit better, more expensive, in every case.

“Natalie,” he said slowly, picking his words out carefully. “You know I lo–like you, a lot.” He swallowed, and Natalie lifted a brow, raising her big eyes to meet his. “But I can’t afford these.”

“That’s fine,” Natalie said, shrugging. Logan felt relief flood through him. “I guess I just thought this relationship meant as much to you as it does to me.” She said it snappishly, but Logan was desperate to pick out a sad tone under her words.

“It means everything to me,” Logan said quickly, already regretting bringing it up. He didn’t want to anger her.

“I just don’t get it,” Natalie said, pouting. “I know you make a lot at your job. And you eat everyday, so I know you’re not struggling… I don’t know why I’m not worth it to you.”

“You are,” Logan quickly said. If some part of him pushed against the thought, wondered at why he was willing to spend so much of his savings on a girl he’d known barely a month, those thoughts were pushed out of his mind when Natalie’s doe eyes met him, big and brown and pleading. He shook himself, lost in her eyes for a moment. “You’re worth it,” Logan said, a little choked. He felt out of control, hypnotized, almost. But that was what love was supposed to feel like, right? Natalie gave him a sad, small smile, and his heart clenched. Of course she was worth it. She was so pretty, a princess play-acting as a commoner with her ramen and athletic wear, a goddess visiting earth for only a moment. He needed to cherish her.

“Which item on here is your favorite?” He asked.

“The most expensive one,” she said, her grin showing her white teeth. Logan added it to his cart, paid extra for the expedited shipping.

“It should be here tomorrow,” he told her. She stretched her leg under the table, stroking his calf with her pedicured toe. Logan felt shaky. He wanted her foot to go higher. He wanted to kiss her. She gave him her hand and he kissed the back of it, leaving it against his mouth as he felt the warmth of her tanned skin.

“You’re the best!” Natalie said, pulling her hand from his. She checked her phone and then stood. “I have to meet someone, I’ll see you tomorrow.” She was gone before Logan could think of a reply, feeling left in the lurch. Who was she seeing? He paid for both of their meals and spent the rest of his day miserably waiting for a text from her, trying to fight down his jealousy. He wasn’t that kind of guy, didn’t want to be that kind of boyfriend.

He was planning on asking her who she’d been with the next day. But they had a movie day planned, and he found himself focusing too hard on the sensation of her body pressed against his side as they cuddled on the couch. He had his arm over her shoulders, her head against his chest, her legs curled up and resting against his own. The warmth from her body was enough to drive him crazy, and anytime he thought about broaching the subject of her absence the day before she’d shift beside him, and he’d be so distracted by her little body he could say nothing at all. God, he was obsessed with her, he realized, inhaling the girly shampoo scent of her hair. He pulled out his phone, ordering another few items off the list as she watched. She stroked his thigh, as if rewarding him. He wanted to buy the whole list.

#### **Chapter 3: The Deception Begins**

“I’m so glad you haven’t been pestering me for sex,” Natalie said in Logan’s arms. They were in bed, fully clothed, her tiny body tucked against his, caged in his arms like something he meant to protect. He hadn’t pestered her for sex, but he was aching for it. Surely, she could feel his stiff cock where her shin pressed against the fabric of his pants. She wiggled her toes and he felt the movement on his thigh. “Most guys are so annoying about it.” She wrinkled her nose, and Logan fought the urge to kiss it. He didn’t like thinking about other guys asking Natalie for sex, didn’t like thinking that maybe she’d given in.

“Of course,” he said, smoothing down some of her hair, his voice soft. “Only when you’re ready.”

“I just care so much more about the rest of it, you know?” Natalie said, and Logan nodded. He knew exactly what she meant. He’d be happy to be with Natalie for the rest of his life without having sex with her. Of course, it would be torturous. But he truly loved her, and being around her–having her be his was more than he could ever ask for.

“Me too,” he agreed, nuzzling into her hair. “Have you ever–?”

“God, don’t be weird,” Natalie said, wiggling away from him. She glared up at him. “You don’t trust me, do you?”

“What? Of course I do?”

“Then why would you think I’ve slept with someone else when I haven’t slept with you? Do you think I’m a slut? Maybe you are, but I’m not.”

“I’m not–”

“You’re not a slut?” Natalie said, and the words did something strange to Logan’s gut, twisting them.

“No, I’m not. And sorry, I didn’t mean to ask invasive questions. I was just wondering.”

“I’m waiting for marriage,” Natalie explained, letting out a heavy, annoyed sigh. “I want to know the person I’m with wants me for me, not for my body.” She touched her body, almost subconsciously, running a hand over her side. It almost hurt Logan to watch. “Plus, if someone can stay loyal through that, I’ll know they really are faithful.”

“That makes sense,” Logan said, tentatively resting a hand on her upper arm, stroking her skin. She didn’t shake him off. “I want to prove to you that I’m yours,” he said. “I’ll never cheat on you, Natalie. And I’ll wait for you as long as you want.”

“Promise?” Natalie said, squirming closer and peering up at him with her big eyes.

“Promise,” Logan said. He could hardly believe he was the one she was choosing, that she wanted him enough to talk about the future, to undergo this challenge together. Faithful, Logan thought, chewing on the word. We’ll be faithful to each other for the rest of our lives. He was so lucky to be hers, so lucky to have her as his own.

“It’s just…” Natalie said, pausing to chew on her bottom lip.

“What?” Logan asked, pulling her closer to him, hugging her to his body. “What is it?”

“So many men have promised me they’d be loyal,” she explained. Logan couldn’t imagine another cheating on Natalie, but he listened, patting her hair. “And yet, sex was all they’d think about. One time, I dated this guy for a whole year, only to learn that every time we hung out, he’d go home and masturbate thinking about me! How weird and gross is that?” Natalie asked, and Logan swallowed, hoping she couldn’t see the flush that had spread across his cheeks. He did that too, stroking himself as he remembered each interaction of their day, every touch, every detail. He’d imagine what Natalie looked like under her crop tops, what her ass would feel like in his hands, what she’d look like with her bratty face fixed in a look of pleasure.

“So weird,” Logan managed to choke out. The next thing he knew, Natalie’s hand was sliding down his chest, slipping lower until she reached the band of his pants. Her skinny, pink manicured fingers slipped into his waistband, and Logan shivered.

“I think,” Natalie said, voice amused, eyes locked on Logan’s. Her hand slid lower, through his pubic hair. “That should only be something we do together,” she said, wrapping her fingers around the base of Logan’s cock. Logan nodded, gasping. She slid her hand up his shaft, squeezing tightly. “Don’t you think?”

“Yes,” Logan said quickly. Natalie stroked his cock again, and then she pulled her hand from his pants abruptly.

“Good,” she said, and then she rolled away from him, sitting up and stretching. She cast a look over her shoulder. “I’m hungry. Let’s go out.”

Logan stifled a groan, fighting with his body and desire as Natalie stood and pulled her clothes from her body, back to him so he could only see her back and panty-clad ass before she slipped into a dress and turned back to face him. “Hurry up.”

#### **Chapter 4: Financial Domination**

“Just for this month,” Natalie promised, pushing her lip out in a pout. “If you really loved me, I wouldn’t have even had to ask,” she added, blinking fast, as if to hold back tears.

“Of course I love you,” Logan said, slowly, cautiously. He glanced away from her, around her lavish apartment. Her rent was likely more than his mortgage. “And I want to pay your rent. I just can’t afford it, not with my mortgage and car payments.” And the thousands of dollars I’ve spent on you over the last few months, Logan thought, but didn’t say it out loud. He was embarrassed, cheeks flushing. It made him feel so small, so bad, to not be able to afford to support his girlfriend. What kind of man did that make him? “What if you move in with me?” He asked, finally looking up and meeting her eyes. They were big and brown, dark with something he couldn’t name. He couldn’t look away, couldn’t blink.

“I want a boyfriend who takes care of me,” Natalie said, annoyed. “Don’t you want to take care of me?”

“I want to take care of you,” Logan said, unable to pull his gaze away. “Come live with me.”

“I need my own space.”

“You can have your own space,” Logan said, feeling the words leave his lips without his control. “You can have the spare room to yourself.” His office. The room was his office, which he needed for work. But he needed to keep Natalie happy, more.

“Your spare room isn’t even big enough for my clothes,” Natalie scoffed, pulling at the band of the sport’s bra she was wearing as a shirt expressively. Her eyes were still on Logan’s, digging into his mind. “But maybe I could convert it into a closet. If you built some shelves for me it might work,” she said, considering it.

“And then we could share the bedroom,” Logan said, but Natalie shook her head, looking mildly disgusted.

“Oh, no,” she said. “You can spend the night occasionally but I need my own space. That’s important to me. You know that.” She looked at him with disappointment and Logan cursed himself, mad that he’d gotten it so wrong once again. “Maybe you could rent someplace?”

“I could move back with my parents,” Logan said, feeling like he was underwater, like his consciousness was slipping through his fingers. All he could focus on was Natalie’s eyes, her voice, thoughts of her. He needed to please her, give her what she wanted.

“Ew!” Natalie said, “I can’t be with someone who lives with his parents,” she said, and Logan realized she was right, of course she was right. Natalie sighed. “I have to do everything myself,” she said, annoyance clear in her tone. She looked at Logan even more intensely, and he felt whatever it was holding his attention strengthen, his whole being consumed by Natalie.

“You want to give me your house and you’ll find an apartment nearby. A nice apartment,” Natalie clarified, as if she wasn’t confident that Logan could figure that out himself.

“I want to give you my house,” Logan agreed. “I’m going to rent a nice apartment somewhere nearby. So you can have your space.”

“You’re the best babe!” Natalie said, arching up on her tiptoes to press her lips to his. He wrapped his arms around her, pulling her little body to his own as she parted his lips with hers and both their eyes fell closed. As soon as her pretty hypnotic eyes were closed, Logan felt dizzy, but he blamed it on the kiss. Kissing Natalie was intoxicating, like so many things about her. Her tongue itself somehow managed to be bratty, working its way into his mouth while demanding his own tongue meet her movements. Logan buried his hands in her soft black hair, weaving it between his fingers as Natalie deepened the kiss. He sucked on her bottom lip and she gave a small, sexy moan but pulled away abruptly.

“You’re going to make my lips puffy,” she complained, giving him a glare.

“Sorry,” he mumbled, trying to collect himself, to fight against his raging desires, his heart thudding hard.

She kissed his cheek, and he relaxed. She wasn’t mad at him. Everything was okay.

“I’ll need a car, too,” Natalie said, leaning against Logan’s chest. He held her close as she nuzzled into him. “Since you live in the middle of nowhere.”

“I’ll get you a car,” Logan promised. He kissed her head.

Logan picked up more hours at work, took out a few loans, and got a new credit card. It took him two weeks to find an apartment that Natalie agreed with, and it was double the price he wanted–knew he could afford–to pay. But Natalie was so happy with him.

“That shower is big enough for two people,” she said, giving him a look that made blood rush to his cock. The thought of seeing Natalie’s tan body naked… He signed the lease that afternoon.

He helped Natalie move into his house, nodding and attempting to not let his worry show on his face as she listed the renovations that would be needed to make it suitable for her. They needed to be done, he knew. And he’d do anything for her, anything to prove to her that she was worth it to him.

“You’re a good boyfriend,” she said, as Logan cleaned his pool–her pool, now–and she sunbathed, her body clad in the teeniest of bathing suits. Logan was surprised but happy with her words, his chest swelling and a grin coming to his lips.

“Thanks,” he said. “Anything for you, babe.”

Natalie made a thoughtful noise then looked at him over the bridge of her glasses. “Get me a margarita from that place across town?”

#### **Chapter 5: The First Lie Uncovered**

Logan fidgeted, biting his lip. Natalie’s phone was in his hand, and his heart was in his stomach.

“Can’t wait to see you again Majesty Natalie”, the message said, with a tongue emoji at the end. The contact was saved as simply “Simpy Wallet 2”. Logan paced his own kitchen, which had become Natalie’s, feeling like an idiot. He wasn’t even sleeping with her, and he’d given her so much. Only for her to be talking to other guys behind his back. He still loved her, foolishly, perhaps, but he wasn’t stupid, or, at least, he liked to think he wasn’t stupid. He couldn’t stay with someone who was cheating on him. He wanted her to have a good excuse for it, but he couldn’t think of a single thing that would make the message mean anything other than what he thought it meant. He wasn’t even angry, he was just heartbroken, sad and disappointed.

Natalie descended the stairs, her sneakered feet treading lightly, her lip curled in something between contempt and amusement, her hair tied up in a high ponytail. She was wearing sweatpants that hugged her thighs and ass and a matching black sweatshirt that was cropped short on the stomach. She wore no bra underneath it, and Logan could see the bumps of her nipples through the material of the shirt. When she noticed her phone in his hands her eyes narrowed and she slowed her steps.

“Why do you have my phone?” she asked.

“It went off while you were upstairs,” Logan said.

“So you decided to invade my privacy and look at it?”

“‘Invade your privacy?'” Logan said, shaking his head. “Do you want to know what the message said?”

“Something you’re clearly taking out of context and getting all emotional about,” Natalie said, rolling her eyes. She crossed the room to him, holding out a small hand with a fresh set of nails–that Logan had paid for, of course. She indicated that he should give her the phone.

“Are you cheating on me?” Logan asked plainly, and Natalie shot him a glare.

“This is so triggering to me,” she said, though she didn’t seem the least bit triggered or upset, only annoyed, inconvenienced, maybe.

“Do you know how many of my boyfriends have been toxic assholes that haven’t respected my privacy? My ex used to make me show him my phone every single day. Every day, Logan. I wasn’t even supposed to look at other men. I didn’t think you were like that. I thought you were different, but I guess not.”

She pressed out her lip, pouting once again, and Logan pushed down the protective emotions her cute little upturned face made him feel.

“I’m sorry for invading your privacy,” he said, “that wasn’t my intention.”

“Whatever,” Natalie said, wiping at the corners of her eyes, even though Logan hadn’t noticed any tears. “Who was the message from, anyway?”

“Simpy Wallet 2,” Logan said, numbly. “He’s excited to see you again.” Natalie blinked up at him for a moment, then she shook her head.

“Logan,” she said, looking truly disappointed. “You’re so fucking stupid.”

Logan opened his mouth to protest, feeling actually angry at her for the first time. She was cheating on him, and had the audacity to call him names?

“Don’t.” Natalie said, holding up a hand to silence him. “Use your head, Logan.” Hearing her say his name so much made emotions boil through Logan’s body. Desire and anger, disappointment and sadness. He still wanted her, despite everything, but the pain was too intense. “Does “Simpy Wallet 2″ sound like something I’d use as a contact for someone I liked? For someone I was seeing?”

“Maybe,” Logan said, but the seed of doubt had been planted, and Logan wanted desperately to not believe.

“No, it doesn’t. You, for example, are saved as ‘Mine’ with a heart.” Natalie said, giving him a pointed look.

Guilt started to curl in his stomach. Mine, he thought, heart aching. Hers.

“I hate that guy, Logan.”

“Then why text him?” Logan asked, but the fight in him was extinguished, replaced with confusion.

“I didn’t,” Natalie said, annoyed. “He texted me.”

“Why would he text you if you hadn’t texted him?” Logan asked, and Natalie’s face turned from annoyance to fury, her eyes burning into his.

“Do you know how hard it is to be me?” She snapped. “How often it is that people like that–gross, rude, unappealing men text me? Catcall me? Try to get in my pants? Do you think I deserve it? Do you think I like it or something?”

“No!” Logan hurried to say, taking a step closer to Natalie. He wanted to wrap her body in his arms. He wanted to drop to his knees and apologize. “No, no, I didn’t even think, Natalie, I’m so sorry.”

“I thought you cared about me,” Natalie said, her anger breaking into a sad noise for just a moment, brief enough that Logan questioned if it were real. “I thought you’d support me. I thought you’d be on my side.”

“Baby,” Logan said, and then he did wrap her in his arms, resting his chin on her hair, pulling her close. “Baby, I’m so sorry. I don’t know why I would ever doubt you. It’s just– you’re so beautiful, babe. So perfect and amazing and intelligent, and I just can’t imagine not having you. I can’t imagine not being yours. Sometimes I don’t feel worthy and I–”

“Just trust me, next time,” Natalie said, pulling away enough to look up at him. He nodded, properly chastised. Natalie smiled, falling back against his chest, running her hands up his back, nails tracing along his skin in a way that made the desire in him grow to almost untamable proportions.

“Just trust me, Logan. My Logan.”

#### **Chapter 6: Worship at Her Feet**

Logan laid in bed, Natalie’s bed in what used to be his house, scrolling on his phone. He had to admit, she had decorated the place nicer than he ever had. It had been the right choice to give her the house, though he did wish they could live there together. But Natalie liked her space.

“I like being excited to see you,” Natalie had told him, wiggling into his arms, her small breasts rubbing against his chest. She wasn’t wearing a bra, and he could feel her hard nipples. “If we lived together it would take away so much of the romance.”

Still, she let him visit often. She was laying in bed next to him but upside down, on her stomach, her face near the foot of the bed. She was propped up on her elbows, scrolling on her phone, kicking her feet idly in the air. Logan couldn’t help but watch the movement of her feet. She was wearing soft, short shorts that exposed her tan legs, and her feet were covered in bright white socks that were bunched at her ankles. She wiggled her toes as she moved her tiny feet, it was almost hypnotic to Logan.

“Do you have a foot-fetish or something?” Natalie sneered, and Logan realized she had been watching him, a judgemental frown on her lips.

“No,” Logan said, repressing the “not usually,” that he was thinking. It was something about Natalie’s feet in particular.

Size fives, tiny and adorable. It could also have been that she seemed to have been teasing him with them for ages, slowly peeling off her socks after a day out, playfully hitting him with the dirty socks. Shoes were her favorite thing to make him buy her, and she’d make him carry her old ones through the mall after she’d pulled on her new pair.

“Why not?” Natalie asked, and Logan couldn’t help but feel like he’d disappointed her, that he’d failed some sort of test.

“I mean,” Logan said as Natalie rolled over in bed, so she was laying on her back, looking at him. “I love your feet. I just haven’t been that interested in other girl’s feet.”

“Why are we even talking about other girls right now?” Natalie whined, and Logan rested a hand on her ankle comfortingly. She kicked her leg away from him with a glare.

“I’m sorry babe, I just meant that you’re special. I feel differently about you than I have any other girl.”

“As you should,” Natalie said, but she moved her leg again, resting her foot on Logan’s chest. He wondered if she could feel his heartbeat speed up under her toes.

“I love every part of you,” Logan said, tentatively touching Natalie’s ankle again. She didn’t pull away. “From the hair on your head to the tip–” he lightly pinched her toes, and she giggled, wiggling them in his grip. “Of your toes.” Logan pulled her foot to his mouth, kissing the tips of her toes through her sock, one toe at a time. He lightly tickled the arch of her foot and she laughed but yanked her foot away.

“No tickling,” she admonished, glaring. “But you can give me a foot massage, if you promise to behave.”

“I promise,” Logan said, already working his thumbs into the pad of Natalie’s foot. She let herself fall back into the bed, her phone about her face as Logan massaged each foot in turn. It was a gift to be able to touch her like that, Logan thought. He made sure to show his gratitude by doing a thorough job, kissing all over each foot when he was done.

“Do you worship my feet?” Natalie asked him, partway through, in that sexy, bratty voice she used when she was talking dirty. Logan’s cock, which was already stiff with need, twitched.

“Yes,” he promised.

“You should worship my feet everyday,” Natalie suggested, and Logan was quick to agree. “I might let you touch them, if you’re good,” she said, and Logan nodded.

“I’d like to massage your feet everyday,” Logan said, moving to pull one of her socks down. She slapped his hand.

“If you’re good,” she repeated. “Maybe I’d even let you lick them.”

Logan bought Natalie a foot spa bath, a gift he was quite proud of. She pressed her lips together when she saw it, but allowed him to set it up for her. It was the nicest one he could buy, with jets and LED lights and moving massagers in the bottom. She seemed tentative about using it, but once her feet were in the warm water she wiggled her toes, making impossibly sexy oohing noises.

“This was a good gift,” Natalie praised Logan, and he almost burst with pride. She allowed him to wrap her feet in a towel and carry her to bed, where he applied cream to her feet, clipped her toenails, then gave her a massage by hand. While he worked her feet in his hands, he couldn’t stop himself from imagining what it would feel like to press his cock between the soft arches of her feet, considering what it would feel like to have her toes shifting against his pubic bone.

Logan became increasingly obsessed with Natalie’s feet, practically begging for her to allow him to worship them, but she only allowed occasionally, not wanting to spoil him. At first, Logan only fantasized about Natalie’s clean, manicured feet, her prettily painted toes, the soft skin he felt when he rubbed lotion onto her freshly washed arches and pads. But slowly, he wanted more and more of her feet. Once, when she was particularly happy with him, Natalie let him keep her dirty socks, and he wrapped them in a fist, bringing them to his nose as he masturbated, overwhelmed by the smell of her.

Of course, he wasn’t allowed to touch her feet for a week after he admitted to masturbating without her, since it was something they were supposed to do together. But a few thousand dollars of gifts later, and Natalie allowed him to touch them again, even letting him lick and kiss across the arches of her feet after she’d returned from the gym, her reward for him finally getting her a new car, since the first one he’d given her hadn’t been good enough. She was strict with him, but it hardly felt that way, since she was so playful and teasing, telling Logan with a laugh that he wouldn’t be allowed to suck her toes until he’d bought her dinner, and then changing her mind and only allowing him to give her a foot massage. Logan didn’t mind. Any opportunity to touch Natalie, to show her how important she was to him, was a gift to him.

Once, Natalie even agreed to give him a footjob, and it was almost as incredible as he’d imagined, her teasing him with her feet, running her toes up his shaft, giving her bratty smiles as she pressed her feet together and moved them up and down, his cock rubbing against her smooth arches. She talked to him as she played with his cock with her feet, reminding him that he worshiped her, that he was so lucky she wanted him, and Logan nodded, nodded and agreed, head tipping back as his orgasm built.

“Are you going to cum soon?” Natalie asked, and Logan nodded, unable to speak from the pleasure he was feeling. “Oops,” Natalie said, and she slipped, her foot hitting Logan’s balls hard, hard enough that Logan cried out in pain.

“Don’t be a baby,” Natalie chided. “My foot just slipped.” It felt like she had kicked him, the force with which her foot had collided with his scrotum. He felt lightheaded from the pain and the ruined orgasm, his nerves buzzing.

#### **Chapter 7: The Perfect Girlfriend Facade**

“Logan,” Natalie said, rubbing soap over her lithe, tight body. “Don’t you dare cum, Logan. I swear to God.”

“Natalie, please,” Logan begged, his hand around his cock. He almost couldn’t contain himself, even though he’d stopped stroking himself. It had been a week since Natalie had let him get off, even longer since she’d touched him, instead making him worship her as he jerked himself off.

“Logan, no,” Natalie shot back in a mocking tone. “Learn to control yourself, you’re disgusting.” She rinsed the rest of the soap off her body and turned off the water, though droplets of it still clung to her skin, brown and tan all over, but a little lighter on her breasts and pubic bone, a line along the top of her ass from the bikini she wore to tan. Her pussy was bare, waxed, which Logan had paid for, but didn’t know why she bothered, since they weren’t having sex and she’d never so much as allowed him to look at her pussy. Her ass, sure. Her feet, often. He’d even been permitted to palm her breasts through her shirt. But her pussy was off limits, if he saw her touch herself through her panties he was lucky. “Not until we’re married,” Natalie always said, and scoffed at him every time he brought up marriage. “We haven’t even been together a year!” She’d say. “God, you’re obsessed with me.”

“Why aren’t you stroking yourself?” Natalie asked, annoyed. She let out a frustrated sigh. “It’s like you don’t even care what I want,” she pouted, and Logan returned to touching himself with a shaking hand, knowing he was going to cum, he wasn’t going to be able to help himself, and Natalie would be so angry.

Natalie walked out of the shower, still dripping, and stood in front of Logan where he sat on the closed toilet lid, admiring his girlfriend’s perfect body, stroking himself and trying desperately not to cum. Natalie turned around dramatically, leaning over to grab the edge of the sink in front of her. She stuck her ass out, practically in Logan’s face, then she threw him a look over her shoulder, shaking her ass.

It was all Logan could handle, and hot cum shot from his cock, some of it hitting Natalie’s ass, the rest his thighs and the floor, making a mess.

“I’m sorry–” he gasped, but it was too late, Natalie’s face had turned into a mask of fury and disgust.

“I just showered!” She screamed. “You stupid pathetic idiot! How hard is it to contain yourself, fucking idiot?” She turned and kicked him in the balls with wet feet, so quickly he couldn’t think, couldn’t react to protect himself. Two swift kicks before he cupped his balls and fell to the floor in pain, curling up on top of the puddle of his own cum in the steamy bathroom as Natalie quickly washed herself off again and then left him on the floor.

“Why aren’t you getting ready?” Natalie asked a few moments later, coming back into the bathroom to blow dry her hair. She wrinkled her nose at Logan on the floor, but otherwise pretended the fight hadn’t happened. Logan was glad she didn’t still seem mad. His balls ached, his stomach clenching with pain and nausea.

“We have reservations in an hour, and you need to shower.”

He pulled himself to his feet, taking a quick, cold shower– Natalie had used the hot water–and got ready beside his girlfriend, who kissed his cheek when he put on the shirt she liked. She forgave him, he thought, and it was going to be okay.

“Logan’s the best,” Natalie said, squeezing Logan’s arm possessively. One of Natalie’s friend’s partners had bailed, leaving the girl teary-eyed and mad at the world. “He’d never do that to me. You should break up with him and find a man like Logan.”

Logan kissed his girlfriend’s hair and she beamed up at him, making his heart soar.

“You guys really do have the best relationship,” another of Natalie’s friend’s, James, said. He was there with his girlfriend, a girl Logan knew Natalie couldn’t stand. The girlfriend gave James a jealous look, like complimenting another couple’s relationship was a crime. Probably, she was just envious of Natalie. Logan understood, he’d been jealous and insecure about James, too, for the longest time, but he’d learned to trust Natalie. But Natalie was so cute, and Logan figured it must make girls jealous.

“Yes, we do,” Natalie said, and Logan wrapped her in a quick hug. He both loved and hated going out with Natalie. Loved it, because she was the perfect girlfriend when they went out, sweeter and more loving than she ever was when they were alone, touching him almost carelessly, easily. He hated it because no matter where they seemed to go, Natalie met people, men, mostly, who liked to act like they knew Natalie, too. They’d flirt with her right in front of Logan, and he didn’t know how to ask Natalie how to not flirt back.

“I’m just being friendly,” she said, the first time he’d tried. “What, do you think I’m a slut or something? You never trust me.” He’d calmed her tears, holding her even as she punched an angry fist into his lap, accidentally–or at least, he believed it was accidentally–hitting his balls, making him gasp in pain. It was happening more often, the punches and kicks, but so were the kisses and touches, and Logan knew it was all worth it to be Natalie’s boyfriend.

#### **Chapter 8: The Other Man**

Logan was in a war with his own mind. He sat in his car, parked just outside his old house, muttering to himself.

“Go home,” he told himself firmly. “She’s not cheating on you, idiot. She loves you.” His knuckles were white against the steering wheel, and his head ached. He hadn’t slept much since he’d overheard the conversation that had sent him on this particular spiral. It wasn’t the first time he’d thought Natalie might be cheating on him, but it was the first time, since the very first time, that he thought he might actually believe it.

He’d overheard her talking to James the other night, at dinner, promising to come over “and blow his big black cock better than his girlfriend”. It was pretty damning, and not something Logan thought he could have misheard. When Natalie had noticed him having returned from the bathroom she’d wrapped her arms around his neck like nothing had happened, but Logan had felt cold all over, a chill that hadn’t yet left him.

He wasn’t sure what he was going to accomplish sitting outside her house, except that Natalie had told him she had plans–as always, it was just “plans” with no explanation–and he had a sinking suspicion that her plan was James. Maybe he hoped to catch the two of them in the act, but he didn’t know if he could confront Natalie. No matter what, he still loved her.

This will prove it’s not true, he told himself. She’ll be heading to a beauty appointment or something.

Natalie’s ride pulled up, an Uber, since she hated to drive the car Logan had bought her, the one that was pushing him over the edge of bankruptcy. Swallowing his pride, Logan followed the car at a distance, his heart sinking as it wove its way across the city, towards the neighborhood Logan knew James lived.

James met Natalie at the door, and the two kissed, right out on the street, all Natalie’s complaints to Logan about PDA echoing in his head as he watched his girlfriend arch up into the touch of another man. James was massive, muscular and tall, and he made Natalie look particularly tiny as he lifted her up and carried her into his apartment.

Logan couldn’t move. He couldn’t get himself to drive away, couldn’t force himself to get out of the car to confront them. He didn’t want to believe it. He didn’t know how to piece together his shattered heart. He wanted someone to jump out from his backseat and say it was all some sort of elaborate prank, that his girlfriend wasn’t screwing other men.

He was there for an hour, and then his phone rang, rousing him from his thoughts.

“Hey babe,” Natalie’s voice, equal parts sweet and bratty, on the other end of the line. Logan thought he’d feel angry, but her voice only reminded him how much he loved her. “Where are you? Your phone says you’re nearby? I’m at the nail salon and I need a ride home.”

“Um, yeah, I’m close,” Logan managed to say, his words sounding choked. It was true, Natalie’s current favorite nail salon was nearby, walking distance. He saw her leave James’ house, headphones in her ear, chatting with him as she walked.

“My normal tech wasn’t even here, which is so annoying. They said they’ll give me a discount if I come back tomorrow. She had some kind of family emergency, blah blah blah. As if my nails aren’t an emergency. I don’t think I’ll be back. Come pick me up? I need my boyfriend…”

She needed him, Logan thought.

“I’ll be there in a second,” he promised, and he was. Natalie slid into his passenger seat with a huff, giving him an annoyed look for not opening her door for her.

“What’s your problem?” She asked, puffing out her lips and crossing her arms over her chest. She was wearing a crop top shirt that rode up when she crossed her arms, showing more of her flat stomach. She was wearing athletic shorts that hugged her body, leaving nothing up to the imagination. Logan couldn’t deny that he still wanted her, even though he thought he could smell James’ cologne on her.

He started to drive them to her house in silence, opening her door for her but still not speaking, his mind grinding, trying to decide what he would do or say, trying to piece together how he felt.

“Babe,” Natalie said, reaching up to touch his chest softly. “Logan, are you okay? Will you come inside with me? My feet are so sore. My whole body, really. Do you think you can give me a massage?”

“I know you weren’t at the nail salon,” Logan said, closing his eyes to try and push away images of his hands on Natalie’s body, squeezing her ass in those stretchy shorts, tracing his fingers over the bare skin on her back.

“Because my tech wasn’t there, yeah,” Natalie said. When he opened his eyes he saw her looking at him with something between annoyance and concern. “I literally told you that.”

She leaned against him, and the feeling of her body distracted him for a moment. He stepped away and she pouted, looking genuinely hurt.

“I went to James’ to kill time,” she said. “Nothing happened, Logan. I promise. Whatever you thought you saw you probably imagined. Your imagination goes so crazy. I kind of like that about you, actually. Except when you’re being jealous. Now come inside, please. I want to get these shoes off.”

Logan nodded, realizing she was right. He’d followed her expecting to see something suspicious, so of course he’d imagined something suspicious going on. He’d done it before.

“I’m sorry,” Logan said, then realized how truly sorry he was. He had been such a bad boyfriend. He couldn’t believe she was still offering to let him touch her. She was the best, he wasn’t worthy of her. “I’m so, so, sorry Natalie. I love you so much.”

“I know,” she said, then stalked off ahead of him, making him race to catch up so he could open the front door for her.

#### **Chapter 9: Brutal Revelation**

“Logan!” Natalie called, and Logan leaped to his feet like a well- trained dog, hurrying to meet her in the living room. “Come sit,” Natalie said, patting the seat next to her. Logan sat, but Natalie made a displeased noise. “No,” she said, exasperated. “On the ground. I want to put my legs on your shoulders.” She rolled her eyes at him, ending the movement with a pointed look.

“Unless you don’t want that?”

“Of course,” Logan said, sitting on the floor in front of Natalie, leaning his back against the couch. Natalie draped each of her legs over his shoulders, and when he tipped his head back he could smell the sweet smell of her pussy. She kicked her heels against his stomach lightly, and he caught one of her feet in his hands, playing with it for as long as she’d let him before she wiggled it away.

“I have something to show you,” Natalie said. “I think you’re ready.” She leaned over, tipping her face so her dark hair created a halo around them, their own little space. Upside down, she looked adorable, maybe even cuter than Logan usually thought she looked. “You have to promise me something,” she said, her high, bratty voice serious.

“Anything,” Logan said, his breath moving the curtain of her hair. Her crotch was warm behind his head, her thighs on either side of his face driving him crazy.

“Promise you’ll love me no matter what?” Logan thought of the debt he was in for her, the way she’d isolated him from his friends, making him cut them off. He thought about how he’d given her his house. He thought about the times she’d hit him, the way he couldn’t even masturbate without her permission. There was nothing he wouldn’t do for Natalie, no limit to his love for her.

“I promise,” he said, sincerely.

“Good!” Natalie announced, sitting up. She pulled up a video on the TV.

It took Logan a moment to understand what he was seeing, his brain sputtering and refusing to accept it. In fact, it wasn’t the image that made him understand, but the noises, Natalie’s moans, high and girly, that he both recognized and didn’t. She’d never moaned for him like that, because they’d never fucked. And the Natalie on the TV was fucking, riding the man underneath her–James, Logan realized–passionately. Her tanned hand was splayed across James’ chest, her body moving across him rhythmically as he thrust inside her. Logan could see Natalie’s stomach bulging with each thrust, his cock big enough to make her eyes flutter each time he went deep.

Natalie must have been holding the camera, and she moved it, arms length from her, around, showing her naked body, James, the spot where their two bodies merged.

It was the first time Logan had ever actually seen his girlfriend’s pussy, at least close up like that, for more than a moment or two. He’d seen her naked, but never with her legs parted, never allowing him to really see her folds, her pink core, the hole that was stretched impossibly wide by a big black cock on the living room TV. The angle allowed him to see her asshole, too, puckered and tight-looking. Despite the disgust and nausea Logan felt watching his tiny girlfriend get demolished by such a big man–a man Logan had been envious of since the beginning of their relationship–despite his absolute humiliation, some small part of Logan was still turned on. His girlfriend had a perfect body, and seeing her take dick the way he knew she would, sent a wave of emotions through him. Mostly jealousy and shame, knowing other men had what he’d been denied, knowing, implicitly, that Natalie had taken these since they’d been together. Natalie clicked a button and the image changed. Natalie was on her knees, smiling up at the camera as she sucked and licked a black cock that was bigger and wider than Logan’s. Logan felt a sob bubble up and escape his mouth. Natalie sucked the cock slowly, luxuriously slow, as if she were enjoying it. She kissed up and down the shaft, then took the tip in her mouth, tightening her lips around the cock as she began to suck, bobbing her head down its length. As she pulled her head back up to the tip, a trail of saliva dripped from the cock. Natalie pushed her head down, eyes bright as she looked up into the camera. Logan whimpered.

Natalie laughed, clicking the button again. She slid down from the couch into his lap, and his arms came around her automatically, even as he wanted to throw her off him, to run away, hide his face forever. On the screen, Natalie was on her back, socked feet in the air, her hands on her ankles as some big muscular black man fucked her, their bodies slapping together wetly. As Natalie on the TV screamed in pleasure while the man picked up the pace, Logan started to cry in earnest, and the Natalie in his arms watched him curiously.

“Why, Natalie?” Logan sobbed eventually, after a few more clicks of the remote, a few more videos of Natalie getting fucked by men that were not Logan. The worst was one where she was bent over in bed–the bed that used to be his bed–facing the camera as James fucked her from behind, looking like a giant behind Logan’s tiny girlfriend. Natalie’s face had been a mix of satisfaction and brattiness, the same look she gave Logan the few times they’d touched themselves in tandem, her allowing him to watch her play with herself through the fabric of the panties he’d bought her.

“Why not?” Natalie asked, kissing Logan’s earlobe. Despite everything, despite how modified and humiliated and degraded he felt, her soft mouth on his ear made his eyes close. He could still hear her on the TV, those sexy moans, the sound of her breathing, the awful, punishing sound of another man panting as he fucked Logan’s girlfriend. “Don’t I deserve it?”

And didn’t she? Logan had always said he’d love Natalie no matter what, that she deserved the world. There was a sexiness in Natalie doing whatever she wanted, regardless of how it made Logan feel. But didn’t Logan deserve something, too? Why did those men get to fuck Natalie and he didn’t?

“Why not me, then?” Logan asked, voice hoarse from his tears.

Natalie twisted in his arms, getting even closer to him. She rubbed her little body against his, and he felt her warm breath across his neck. “Because you’re special,” she whispered, and Logan shivered. It was exactly what he needed to hear. He was special. She loved him. She fucked all those other guys, and of course she did, look at her, but she was still his girlfriend. He was important because he was Natalie’s and some part of him loved how much further he’d slipped under her control. His devotion didn’t waver, even as his heart broke.

Logan glanced at the screen. The camera was pointed towards Natalie’s feet, her toes curling into the bed. He wrapped his arms around her and held her close. It didn’t matter, nothing mattered to him except that Natalie was happy. He was complete if she was satisfied, and, judging from her screams on the TV, she was very satisfied.

#### **Chapter 10: Total Submission**

Logan gasped, clutching at his head. Natalie stood in front of him, giving him an almost pitying smile. In her hand swung a small device with a bright light, which she switched off and pocketed. Memories were returning to Logan, memories he realized Natalie had been stealing from him for months, using whatever that strange little device was to make him forget. But now he was remembering, and the pain of it–and the memories themselves–made him dizzy.

They started from the very first time they’d met, the party where he’d been eyeing Natalie from across the room for most of the night. Suddenly, Logan could remember her slipping away with a man, returning with her hair a little wild, her makeup a little smudged, her eyes very dark and hungry. There were a few more memories like that, Natalie clearly having returned from a romp. There was a memory where Logan found a used condom in Natalie’s trashcan and she laughed at him, plucking it from his hand and hitting him across the face with it before dropping it into the trashcan again and pulling out her device. There were memories where Logan questioned Natalie about where she’d received certain gifts, and she told him honestly they were from her other lovers, making hot jealousy flood through Logan, only to disappear as she hypnotized him with her mysterious device. Again and again, Natalie cleaned up her little messes, erasing evidence of her infidelity that would have added up to a clear picture for Logan to see, once and for all, that Natalie was seeing other people. But that wasn’t all. As it turned out, Logan had caught her many times. In fact, it seemed like Natalie wasn’t too concerned about Logan catching her at all. She’d laugh at him, call him a name or two “dummy loser, pathetic cuck, stupid little doormat”, and then she’d hypnotize him with her flashing device and he’d be none the wiser.

Logan had even caught Natalie having sex with James, walked in on Natalie with his massive black cock up her asshole, her face twisted into a look Logan had never seen on her before. No wonder James had seemed amused every time he’d seen Logan. He’d been fucking Natalie literally right in front of Logan’s face and he hadn’t known.

One time, Logan remembered painfully, he’d come over to visit Natalie–on Valentines Day, his arms full of flowers and chocolates–and dropped everything on the floor in shock. Natalie had been with not just one man but five, one in every hole, her tiny hand wrapped around one cock while someone else fucked her feet. She hadn’t seen him for nearly ten minutes, too focused on taking the cocks in various holes, only noticing him when the men switched positions, her eyes locking on his, a laugh in her face.

“Take a seat,” she’d said. “They’re almost done.” He’d been frozen in place as they’d finished with his girlfriend, getting in a line to take turns using her mouth until they came across her face and tiny tits. He’d watched her, the girl who said “ew” when his cum touched her, let them cum all over her cute face like it was the tastiest thing she’d ever had.

The humiliation of it was overwhelming. Having it all come back to him, every memory crystal clear as if it had happened the day before, at once was too much. Logan fell to his knees. Natalie took a step closer to him, her hand touching his hair. The old Logan, the Logan before Natalie, would have pushed off her hand, pushed her, even, and left. But she’d broken him, changed him down to the core, and all he could do was lean his face into her hand, closing his eyes and inhaling the smell of her.

“I’m not going to stop,” she said, and Logan nodded, his eyes still closed, his face–his life, really– still in her hands. “I have no interest in fucking only one man all my life. And they have bigger cocks than you,” she said, and it sounded almost reasonable.

“Okay,” he croaked, and Natalie petted his face almost lovingly, but not.

“You can still be my favorite pet, if you’d like,” and the way she said it was like she was offering him a treat, giving him a gift. He was going to appreciate it.

“I’d like that very much,” he said, finally opening his eyes to meet her big eyes, gazing down at him with possessiveness. “I want to be your submissive pet.”

“And I’ll be your Goddess,” she told him. He nodded. “God- dess,” he said, reverently.

“You’ll continue to pay for my lifestyle,” she said, and Logan agreed. “And I’m going to continue to not fuck you,” she added, her voice so sweet it made Logan choke.

“I understand,” he agreed.

“If you’re good I’ll let you touch me,” Natalie promised, and that was enough for Logan. Even being near her was enough for Logan.
