---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: With A Cherry on Top
authors:
- T S Fesslen
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- toys
- cons
- X
---

Outside the rented cabin, Kim could see that large, light snowflakes were slowly
drifting down. She smiled as she lay there, bound, the flames from
the fireplace making her cinnamon-colored skin glow a molten bronze. Nothing
could be more perfect than this, Kim thought to herself, to be alone with a man
who adored you and would use you the way both of you wanted.
Kim struggled a bit in her bindings to see if her
boyfriend had indeed done his job well. He had and she found that
there was very little slack in the ropes that encircled her small frame. Her
arms were bound behind her back and to the harness of rope that ran behind her
neck and over her shoulders and embraced her large breasts. Each of
her ankles was bound to her thigh, making for a wonderfully tight frogtie, a
position that she had grown to love. He had said he had something
special for her tonight and he had been thinking about this for sometime now.
"Comfortable," David asked with a big grin on his face as he walked
into the room dressed in his dark red robe.
"As comfortable as a girl can be tied up like this," Kim replied,
squirming a bit; more to peak David's interest in her than anything else.
Kim always liked his roguish looks; long dark hair bound in a ponytail, goatee
and mustache with hints of gray, a loop-sided smile and hazel eyes that sparkled
of mischief and playfulness. Long waisted, he carried his 5'7"
frame well. Kim knew what other assets he had underneath the robe,
and most likely they were at attention right now.
"Are you ready for the games to begin, my bound little geisha girl?"
David asked as he knelt down beside her.
"Ready when you are, Master," she smiled.
"Okay, here's the thing," David said as he gently ran his finger over
the smooth, golden curves, "The punishment for failing tonight is to be
hogtied the rest of the evening at the foot of our bed. You will be
gagged and a toy will keep you company on and off all night. You will
also be blindfolded so you will not be able to see when I will flog you at
various times during the night at random. You will also have a pair
of nipple clamps clipped onto you and attached to the foot of the bed, making
sure you stay put. If you cum at anytime during the night, you will stay bound
that way until I think you have been punished enough. The more you cum, the
longer you stay that way. Then, if you a good slave, I will make love
to you in the morning."
To Kim, the punishment did not sound bad at all.
"If you pass this test tonight," David continued, "Let us just
say, let your imagination run wild."
Either way, Kim thought, it was going to be fun and she was sure she was up to
anything that David may come up with. With eager eyes, she watched
him produce a Tupperware bowl, it's outside still covered with frost. She
couldn't make out what was inside, but she was sure it was ice cold. David
also produced a thin gel vibrator, which gleamed in the firelight. It
was one that they had both picked out and filled her nicely. The
third thing her boyfriend pulled out was a black leather flogger.
After laying these on the coffee table beside Kim, he undid his robe and tossed
it to the side. She was glad to see that she had his attention and
that he was now fully erect. David knelt between her legs and looked
into her dark, almond-shaped eyes and kissed her lightly on the forehead.
Their lips met and soon their tongues began dancing around one another. She
enjoyed the feel of him above her and his manhood against her stomach. Soon,
his lips parted hers and he began to slowly kiss at her neck and down over her
shoulders. David took his time to taste every bit of her as she lay
bound beneath him, unable to do anything but enjoy. Soon, David's
ears were greeted by Kim's little moans as he felt her move beneath him.
Kim felt his lips kiss her left nipple, already stiff from when he was binding
her. He suckled at it, taking it between his teeth and gently
nibbling on it before going switching to the other one; Back and forth; sending
bolts of pleasure shooting through her.
David's kisses then trailed downward, over the flat of her stomach and then to
her clean-shaven mons. And there he stopped.
Without a word, David reached over and picked-up the vibrator. With a
wicked smile on his face, he slowly eased it into Kim. She had spread
her legs as wide as she could in her bindings and as aroused as she was, David
had little trouble easing the toy all the way inside her. He then
picked up the controls and turned it on low. The hum of the thing
soon sent ripples of bliss through her and caused her to moan much more loudly.
Kim wondered what was next. Usually when she was bound David would
also gag her. He loved the sounds she made when she was gagged and it
seemed to spur him on more. But she was not to be gagged this time.
"Now, my darling slave," David smiled, "You can't lose your
friend here. If he comes out, you lose the game."
"If you insist," Kim grinned back, enjoying the feelings the vibrator
was causing within her.
"And, my slave, you cannot cum until I tell you or you lose the game as
well."
Kim pouted the best she could, but she knew it would have little effect on
David.
"Now, let's warm up that little pussy of yours," David said as he
picked up the black leather flogger.
Splatt!
The first flog splayed over her mons with a sharp almost pain. It
caused her to spasm a bit and she almost lost her buzzing friend. The
second flog followed the first on her naked puss and she began to feel that
warm, erotic glow that came with the flogging. With the vibrator
within her and the flog whipping on her, Kim soon felt an orgasm start to churn
within her.
Splatt!
This time David had flicked his wrist a little harder, stinging Kim's most
private parts.
"I haven't given you permission to cum, slave," David said sternly.
"I wasn't cumming, Master," Kim protested.
"You were about to."
"Sorry Master," she bowed her head as he began to whip her pussy again
more gently. Still the white-hot erotic bliss would not go away and
his whippings made it even more pleasurable.
Then David stopped. He could tell by Kim's squirming that she was
indeed close to orgasm and he didn't want her to cum just yet. He
reached over into the bowl and pulled out a half frozen cherry.
"The last part of this game, slave, is that I am going to place these one
at a time over your body and you cannot lose a single one off of you. If
you do, you lose the game."
Kim screamed as he put the first cherry on. It was biting cold. Fortunately,
David had cut them in half so it did not roll off of her. David
kissed a spot on her stomach and placed another cherry there; it felt colder
than the first one. Each warm kiss followed a cold cherry until he
came to her nipples. Slowly he licked and nibbled at them, sending
more waves of joy through her. Then, taking out a nearly full cherry,
he placed it on her one nipple, than the other. It felt as if they
were so cold that they would give her freezer burn.
Then he began to kiss around her shaven puss.
"No, Master, please," Kim whimpered, already squirming from the heat
inside of her and the cold he was placing on her.
David grinned and continued by placing a few cut cherries on her mons.
It was pure torture. The nips of cold on her naked flesh did little
to relieve the swirling orgasm building inside of her like a molten whirlpool.
In
fact, it was like having David whip her with the flogger. She looked
up at him watching her writhe below him in her bonds.
"May I please cum, Master?" Kim asked.
"Nope," he replied.
"Awwwwwww!" Kim whined as she continued to struggle to keep her orgasm
from surfacing.
Then David knelt down and picked up one of the cherries in his lips, kissing her
at the spot. His kiss felt red hot where the cold fruit was. Then
he kissed her on the lips, passing the cherry to her.
"You have to eat each one," David whispered as Joy began to eat.
Slowly, David removed each cherry, saving the ones one her nipples and mons
until last. Occasionally, he would turn up the volume on the
vibrator; send more pleasure rushing through Kim as she lay there, bound. Twice,
she could feel her orgasm starting to crest, but she mentally fought it down.
After the last cherry was given to Kim, David knelt between Kim's legs, gently
easing them apart.
"Do you want to cum?" he asked her.
"Yes Master," she replied, thrusting herself towards him.
David smiled, "I don't think so. Not just yet, anyways. I
really don't think you want to cum."
"Fuck me, Master, fuck me now!" Kim nearly yelled, bucking in her
bonds.
"A demanding slave, aren't we?"
"Pllleeeaassssse, Master," she moaned.
"I think I am going to have to gag you. A good slave should be
seen and not heard," Kim's boyfriend said as he got up.
"No, Master, No," Kim said, "Please forgive me. I just
want to cum so badly."
"You, see, dear slave, you should want to please me more than you should
want me to please you. I will let you cum only after you please me. I
do not want to hear a single word out of you now."
David reached into the pocket of his discarded robe and pulled out the gag. It
wasn't a ball gag or a penis gag or the like. This one looked like a
bright red leather 'O' with leather straps on either side.
"Open wide," David said.
Kim did as she was told, even though she knew that in making love to her, they
would both be satisfied. This way, David could torture her a bit more. She struggled a bit to raise herself up to make it easier for
him to tie the gag onto her and that is when she felt it. A cold
cherry on her side was resting on her rib cage. It must have slid off
of her and David didn't notice. Quickly, she squirmed over a bit to
lie on top of it so he wouldn't notice.
Apparently, David didn't even notice. He was carefully placing the
gag into Kim's mouth. The 'O' ring was fitted behind her teeth,
forcing her mouth open. It was a bit uncomfortable but bearable. The
bitter taste of the leather filled her mouth. David then placed the
vibrator controls on the flat of her stomach.
David looked into her dark brown eyes.
"Okay?" he asked.
Kim nodded her head. Whenever they tried something new, he would ask her. When she was gagged, all she had to do if there was any trouble
was to hum a tune and they would stop play and make right anything that needed
to be.
"Alright, slave, let us get you ready to please me."
David knelt down and put his arms under her small frame. She squirmed
around, of course, but not to get her boyfriends attention. Frantically,
she tried to grab at the loose cherry with her bound hands, but it was useless.
David
had scooped her up too quickly and now was carrying her towards the bedroom.
'Maybe he didn't notice,' the bound woman thought to herself as she looked over
to see if she could see the errant cherry. But she didn't see it and
she hoped he wouldn't find it. With the vibrator still humming its
song within her, keeping her embers burning but not enough to burst into flame,
she still had a desperate need to orgasm.
David carried his Asian girlfriend into the bedroom and not-to-gently tossed her
onto the large brass bed that dominated the room. He had already lit
the two hurricane lamps that flanked the head of the bed and their amber glow
filled the room. The dark red and black quilt had not been turned
down yet and made Kim looked like a packaged caramel treat.
Kim almost lost her vibrator when David dumped her on the bed. She
enjoyed it a little rough and this was part of the game, to be treated like an
object. She moaned and writhed on the bed to keep David's attention
on her. Kim thrusted her naked pussy to him, hoping he would finally
cave in and take her.
However, David didn't. He just grinned and rolled Kim over onto her
stomach and wrestled her into place so her head hung over the side of the bed.
David
also found the controls to the vibrator and placed them in her hand.
"Remember, slave, you cannot cum until I command you to," David said
in a stern voice, brushing her black hair our of her face, "Do you
understand?"
Kim nodded, her hand touching the dial setting of the vibrator and just barely
easing it up a notch. The vibrator buzzed a little bit higher,
sending a new wave of pure bliss through her. She was so close and
now the ability to give herself an orgasm was in the palm of her hand and she
didn't dare use it.
"I mean it, slave. Orgasm and you will be hogtied the rest of
the night at the foot of the bed."
The Asian girl nodded again.
David got off the bed and stood in front of her. Now she could
understand why she was placed in that position. She was face-to-face,
so to speak, with David's erection. He gently cupped her head and
eased himself through the hole in the ring gag.
The salty taste of David's skin tasted good as she took him into her mouth. She
could close her lips around him and lick his burled shaft. Slowly, he
started to thrust into her mouth through her gag as deeply as he could and her
head matched his movements as well as her breathing so she wouldn't gag.
Kim liked the sounds he made during sex as well. David made a low
guttural growl that seemed both wild and dangerous like a growl of a wolf. They
picked up in speed the closer he came to orgasm.
David's thrusts became more and more violent as he cupped her head. Not
enough to hurt Kim but she would have preferred a slower tempo. Her
poor pussy was twitching with need and she decided to risk it and turn the
vibrator up some more. It sang in her pussy and caused her fires to
burn even hotter, filling her with an erotic pleasure that would soon climb and
engulf her.
'Splatt!'
David had also carried in the flogger with him and its bite stung her rear. It
was a slight pain that added to her fires, not diminishing them.
Kim felt David's shaft enlarge a bit and she knew he was about to spurt his seed
into her mouth. She had learned to enjoy the salty taste of semen and
it looked like David was not going to give her a choice tonight.
'Fuck it!' Kim thought to herself and turned the vibrator on high. Immediately
her whole world disappeared into a swirling pyre of white-hot ecstasy as wave
after spasming wave of pleasure enwrapped her as she writhed in her bondage.
David
soon let out a loud moan and Kim felt his seed shoot into her mouth. She
had almost gagged but David's moan roused her out of her blissful fog just
enough to prepare for it. She hungrily sucked at his cock, making
sure that she licked his shaft clean as much as possible.
David eased himself out her mouth after a bit and crawled into bed beside his
bound partner. Kim was still twitching a bit from her orgasm and it's
afterglow warmed her very soul like nothing else. She had to shut the
vibrator off before she had another one. Hopefully David didn't
notice.
"You came, didn't you?" He asked.
Kim nodded slowly, not looking up at her boyfriend.
"I told you not to."
Again, Kim nodded.
"You will have to be punished."
For a third time, Kim nodded her head. But she knew the orgasm was
worth it. The only thing she felt bad about was disappointing David.

10.06.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!
