---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Costume Mistake
authors:
- Mikel
tags:
- Sbf
- F-f
- corset
- chastity
- halloween
- costume
- cuffs
- gag
- collar
- clamps
- toys
- caught
- leash
- oral
- paddle
- public
- denial
- cons
- XX
date: 2023-10-30 00:00:00
---

Fetish prisoner! That’s what Lisa had screamed when she had decided what she wanted to be for Halloween one evening. Both her roommates laughed knowing for her it wasn’t much of a costume. Lisa always dressed *slutty,* they had teased her in the past, both wishing they could pull off the sexy looks she wore. Both June and Heather had caught Lisa in self-bondage with both of them keeping her bound after making sure she couldn’t free herself for hours longer than she had planned. Lisa had loved the mistreatment she had received and the fact that now she didn’t have to worry about what would happen if she was caught again.

For two months prior to the week of Halloween Lisa planned her week, ordering what she wanted to be seen out in. Her plan was to celebrate for the entire week, going to classes and her apprenticeship dressed in her “costume.” Each day she would add a new part to her costume until Friday. The last pieces would then be added and she would be trapped until Sunday night or Monday morning depending on her roommates. Lisa snickered to herself about that, neither of her roommates would know they were part of her release, deciding at the last moment to make it where both had to be present for her to gain her freedom.

Lisa would take her keys and separate them out so Heather had the keys to her chastity set and shoes while June had the keys to her head harness and restraints. Lisa had received the chastity belt first, trying it on, finding with it adjusted to its largest setting she could just get it closed around her bare waist. The belt had been ordered to fit around her new corset - still on order - so she laced another one on, having to really squeeze herself down to get the belt to close. Smiling, Lisa tried the thigh cuffs finding they were too large to fit just above her knees, quickly calling the company and ordering a much smaller set opting to keep the bigger ones to use around her upper thighs.

With that part of her plan ready Lisa started wearing her corset as tight as she could everyday wanting to be ready when her new one arrived. The next week her new shoes arrived, shoes were one of her favorite things, always trying to shock her friends with the style she wore. None of Lisa’s shoes were less than five inches and most were much higher and the newest ones had seven-inch heels with a small platform in the front. Lisa squealed when she opened the box immediately slipping her foot into one sliding her big toe into its ring then pushing the steel strap that went across the front of her foot down hearing the ratcheting noise.

With the strap across her foot tightened she pushed the ring around her toe down making it tighter giggling as she thought about already being locked in the shoe. Lisa folded the wide strap connecting the ankle strap up, closing the two-inch-wide strap around her ankle. The cuff was ratchetted snug then Lisa stuck her foot out in front of her giggling again as she admired it. The other shoe was locked onto her foot and she stood up wincing slightly as she took her first step. The pain was in her cuffed toes so she inserted the key, loosening it slightly and trying again.

Lisa whimpered again, sitting back down, getting worried she wouldn’t be able to wear the shoes, pushing the toe loop down further, tightening more than the first time. Standing again the pain was almost gone so she reached down, grunting from the corset compressing her further, pressing on the strap and the toe ring, hearing both ratchet, instantly feeling better in the steel shoes. Lisa was smiling again as she stomped out of her room walking around the house learning how to walk, tightening the ankle cuff first then loosening it slightly, finding it made walking much easier.

Lisa was happy with her choices, wanting to wear the shoes right now, forcing herself to take them off so she could wear them for her costume. As she played with the shoes before taking them off, she found with her feet held so tightly there indeed was no way to remove the shoes without her keys. Lisa was excited as she struggled to remove the shoes, the struggle almost making her orgasm as she dreamed about being forced to wear them forever. Lisa waited for the rest of her costume to arrive hoping it would get there in time for her to play her game.

When the steel bra arrived Lisa almost freaked out, she had seen it online but having it in her hands she was awestruck at its weight and how intimidating it was. The bars that would encircle her breasts were much thicker steel than she had thought, giggling at the openings for her nipples made from more of the round steel bent into circles. The cages were welded to the chest strap, which was made from wide flat steel with dual circular locks mounted at where each of the shoulder straps met in the back. Lisa couldn’t wait to strap it on carefully working her breasts into the cages giggling and moaning as she folded the straps over her shoulders.

Lisa was worried she wouldn’t be able to unlock the straps by herself if she locked them so she decided to wait until she was ready for her week of torture. As she moved around in the bra the rings encircling her nipples slowly squeezed her nipples as they eased further out of them the wonderful new sensations making her fall in love with it. Lisa was closer to having everything getting so excited she decided to lock the chastity belt on herself until the new corset arrived.

Going to class and running her normal errands afterwards was so exciting. Lisa knew she wouldn’t be able to keep the belt on so she went to her friend’s house. While she was there, she hid the keys to her belt in the bathroom so she would have to come back to get them. The walk home was terrible, the idea of not having the keys made Lisa keep stopping to debate going back to get them.

Lisa made it home, quickly stripping down to her corset, and belt locking her new steel shoes on herself and stuffing her largest gag into her mouth. Lisa took her pre-cut chains lying them on the bed locking her thick steel shackles around her wrists. Lisa was getting more aroused taking a pair of nipple clamps tightening them until she was whimpering snapping her fingers as she remembered she needed a collar to attach the chain to.

The aroused woman got her tall collar, the collar was thick leather with an O-ring hanging from the front locking it when she had it pulled tight enough to hold her head rigidly. Pulling the chain between the clamps lifting her nipples she snapped the small padlock around it and the O-ring on the collar. Lisa laid her strong vibrating wand on the bed plugging it in before climbing on top of the bed and straddling the wand. When she was ready, she locked the chains between her ankles and wrists, left to right and reversed forcing herself into a loose diagonal hogtie.

Lisa struggled to reach the wand grunting as she fought the collar keeping her from looking down, each breath or twist of her head tugged on the clamps making Lisa even hornier. Lisa moaned when the vibrator came on hearing it, she spread her legs further lowering her steel covered crotch onto it. Lisa wiggled and squirmed on the vibrator able to feel the vibrations spread out across the plate covering her. The more she struggled the more her frustration increased making her flail harder pulling on her restraints and nipples more.

After an hour of useless struggling Lisa knelt panting and whimpering as her nipples were tugged on with each breath. When she had enough Lisa rolled on to her side screaming into her gag from her clamps shifting. When the pain eased, she twisted and shuffled herself towards the nightstand. Lisa still couldn’t turn her head to look where her keys were so she continued to wrestle with her restraints groping for the edge of the table. Lisa was blindly struggling when suddenly she felt her knee slip off the edge of the bed.

Lisa squealed loudly as her body shifted, turning her onto her stomach as her bent knees slipped off the bed leaving her lying on her pinched nipples. Lisa was squealing as her nipples screamed in pain while she fought to stay on the bed knowing if she fell to the floor, she would not be able to reach the top of the table. Lisa could feel her arousal increasing as she lay unable to move because she was afraid to slip further. As Lisa’s hands flailed behind her back her folded legs had slipped until they were pointing at the floor pulling her wrists tighter behind her back.

Lisa was nearing an orgasm as her eyes welled with tears from the clamps pulling on her nipples as her body slipped further off the bed. Lisa knew she was now stuck, even though she was still on the bed, because she couldn’t stop herself from falling and hoping she would orgasm before she was on her knees. Lisa’s struggles increased, speeding her slide, becoming frantic as her knees touched the floor leaving her leaning against the bed on her pinched nipples. Lisa fought the steel cuffs and chains with the stiff collar making her unable to use her head to push away from the bed to relieve the pain from her nipples.

Lisa’s squeals and moans were getting loud, attracting attention from Heather who started knocking, hearing only the mumbles and squeals from Lisa. Heather walked into Lisa’s room seeing her friend kneeling beside her bed with her steel shoes and tall collar and her thrashing hands behind her back. Heather chuckled as she bounced onto Lisa’s bed hearing her squeal as the bed moved, noticing the chain running up to her collar. Curious Heather reached over pulling the chain as she asked “Where does this go?” Feeling it get tight, Heather pulled hard, making Lisa scream into the gag.

Heather rolled onto her back laughing laying across from Lisa’s face looking into her eyes as she continued toying with the chain. Lisa whined each time the chain was pulled entertaining Heather who continued to yank and pull on it. Lisa could do nothing but take the abuse and whine, doubling her struggles, yanking and pulling on the chains until she fell to one side rolling on her side squealing.

Heather rolled over, hanging her head over the edge, smiling at her friend's struggles. “Did you screw up again or did you do this on purpose so I could have fun with you?” Lisa growled at her smiling face looking at the table with her eyes whining louder. Heather laughed looking at the table, seeing the keys and asked, “Did you want me to give you the keys or something?” The comment made Lisa whine again, nodding her head as much as she could. Heather laughed rolling over so Lisa couldn’t see her anymore.

Lisa continued to struggle on her side until Heather walked around the corner of the bed with the vibrator in her hand. Lisa watched her friend's face seeing the evil grin as Heather bent forwards pushing Lisa onto her back. Heather held up the vibrator, “I guess you wanted to use this?” Heather spotted the silver belt moving closer. She saw the silver that went between her friend’s legs, “Oh, what’s this?” Moving closer Heather ran her hand across the steel plate laughing as she realized what it was. “Okay where are the keys to this contraption?” Lisa could only garble an answer so Heather started asking yes or no questions until she figured out the keys were not in the house.

“Okay, let’s see how effective this is!” Heather straddled Lisa’s chest pressing on the clamps making Lisa howl in pain. Heather ignored Lisa’s pleas, turning the vibrator on high and rubbing it on the metal plate, “Wow! That’s loud!” she laughed looking over her shoulder at Lisa’s reddening face “Does that feel good?” Lisa could only moan, it did feel good but having her and Heather’s weight on her bound wrists did not and with the pain from her clamped nipples Lisa knew it was too much and she would never cum.

Heather continued *helping* her friend try to orgasm sitting beside Lisa’s body, even rolling her onto her stomach rubbing the vibrator on the steel, really enjoying seeing Lisa’s hands and feet fighting the chains. Heather noticed the steel shoes stopping her assault grabbing one of Lisa’s feet studying the shoes, “When did you get these?” Lisa moaned again, feeling Heather gripping her ankle and closing the cuff a few clicks. It only took Heather a moment to start pushing each part of the shoe hearing the cross strap then the toe ring ratchet as well.

Lisa moaned as she felt her feet being clamped tighter into the shoes whining loudly as Heather continued pushing, closing all the straps and rings much tighter. Lisa could only whine as Heather unlocked the chains to Lisa’s ankles quickly pulling them, crossing her wrists and locking them together. “I want to see you walk in those,” Heather said as she helped Lisa to her steel covered feet. Lisa tried to get Heather to remove the clamps but Heather ignored her ordering her to walk around the room.

Lisa tried to walk normally, making Heather laugh as she was forced by the tighter shoes to walk very stiffly, bending her knees as each foot was lifted and placed in front of the other. Lisa walked near the bedside table hoping to reach for her keys only to see they were not there. Heather teased Lisa for another hour forcing her to walk around the house laughing at her funny walk. Heather finally got bored of tormenting her helpless friend, pressing the keys into her hands as she walked away from her saying, “I’m going to bed.”

Lisa was extremely horny but wanted to loosen the shoes and remove the clamps so she stopped and fought with the keys until her hands were free. Lisa loosened the clamps as she walked back to her room finally opening them completely when she was sitting on her bed. Lisa screamed into her gag as the blood flow returned to her nipples rubbing them whining for a few minutes. When she could, Lisa unlocked the collar and removed the gag, rubbing her aching jaw as she carefully walked to the closet to get the keys for her shoes.

When she was sitting again it took a few minutes before she could get the over tightened straps and rings to loosen their grip on her feet and ankles. Lisa rubbed her feet vigorously moaning in pleasure looking down at her corseted waist and steel covered pussy and cursed herself for wanting to try and beat it. Lisa fell back on her bed, her exhaustion causing her to fall asleep quickly waking the next morning and calling her friend. When her friend called her back two hours later, she told Lisa she wasn’t going to be home tonight but she would love to see her the following day after classes.

Lisa said she would see her then and hung up realizing she was now locked in the belt and corset for two more days thinking “Well at least I’ll be familiar with what it's like for later.” Lisa spent the next two days in the belt wearing the shoes in the evening and even went over to her friend’s house to retrieve her keys. Lisa felt it necessary to stay at her friend’s for a while chatting about school and her classes so her friend wouldn’t think she was strange. The walk home was exciting since Lisa knew she would be able to stimulate herself fully hoping her roommates would be out for the evening.

When Lisa got home, she found a package for her waiting on her bed, knowing by the size it was her new steel collar that she had ordered to complete her costume. Lisa had just locked the tight collar around her throat already loving how tightly it fit when June popped into her room seeing the collar. June immediately started touching it asking Lisa a bunch of questions. Lisa agreed to let June try it on, fiddling with the lock for a moment before handing it to June and watching her squeeze it closed around her own throat.

“It’s so tight,” June rasped as she ran her hands all around her neck, laughing as she tried to turn her head and look down. “I can’t move my head at all.”

Lisa laughed as June seemed fascinated by the steel saying, “That’s the point, isn’t it?”

June turned to look at Lisa, “I see why you like it but it’s a little tight for me.”

Lisa smiled, answering “I think it’s perfect, why don’t you wear it awhile and see if it gets more comfortable.” June was reluctant but obviously interested so she said she would and walked out of Lisa’s room.

June wore the tight collar for an hour before the tension around her throat became too much for her, returning to Lisa’s room finding Lisa wasn’t there. June looked for Lisa becoming more frantic as she felt she was being strangled, calling Lisa’s phone only to get her voice mail. Lisa had left the keys on the table in her room before leaving, still wearing the steel shoes and belt. Lisa walked around the block hoping June would leave to go look for her, giving Lisa the time to stimulate herself. When Lisa returned June was sitting in her room, her face was red and she immediately pleaded with Lisa to give her the key.

Lisa pointed to the table as she said “I left them here for you.” June was panicking so Lisa quickly stepped up behind her opening the collar freeing her friend.

June sat back rubbing her neck calming herself then said, “I think I could grow to like that, but maybe one that was a little bigger.”

The two sat chatting for a while with Lisa getting her leather posture collar out. She handed it to June, saying, “Use this one to practice, when you feel like it.”

June blushed as she took it, smiling and promising to return it. Lisa laughed at her friend’s reaction remembering her first time locked in something and thought, “She’s hooked.”

Heather had come home with a few friends so Lisa’s night of self-pleasure was out of the question so she joined her friends. When the party broke up Lisa went to sleep waking early having a full day of classes, she went out still wearing the belt and corset. It ended up being two more days before she thought she would have time to herself again. Arriving home knowing she would be alone for the evening Lisa was ready to satisfy herself when she found a package on her porch squealing, knowing it was her new corset.

Rushing into the house Lisa quickly opened the box seeing the incredible garment inside. She picked it up, feeling its weight and - even unlaced - its dramatic waist line, plus the firm cups that would be holding her breasts up. Lisa couldn’t wait, rushing to unlock the belt unlacing the corset she had been wearing for over a week. Lisa stood stroking the deep red lines in her skin smiling as she did loving how she already missed being compressed by it. Lisa rubbed some lotion onto her skin before stepping into her new corset, it had no front busk so the lacing was pulled out as far as it would go.

Lisa worked on lacing the corset, each pull made her more excited as she watched her waist line being pulled in more. The corset was only half way closed and the dramatic shape of the corset was already drawing her waist in considerably. Lisa’s excitement of the corset covering her hips and pushing her breasts up made her continue adjusting the corset for an hour until it was almost closed in the back. Lisa was gasping for air picking up the steel belt wrapping it around her waist finding it would need to be taken in to fit correctly.

Lisa adjusted the belt to the second smallest setting then retried to wrap it around her waist finding she could just close it. Lisa struggled to close the corset, finding that sitting was a new experience. She waited a few minutes to adjust to the corset that held her much more firmly than her others. Lisa went to her closet getting her steel shoes and locking them onto her feet feeling more aroused than she was earlier. With the shoes locked on she walked around the house in only the corset and shoes flexing and twisting.

When she was done with her stroll, she returned to her room adjusting the belt again and struggling to get it to lock around her narrow waist. When it was locked, she pulled the crotch strap up laughing as it pressed on her much tighter, grunting as she had to really pull it tight to get it to lock to the belt. Lisa walked around her room moaning quietly as her arousal peaked, making her think about the bra and collar. “Why not?” she thought, taking the bra out of its box, carefully working her breasts into it before folding the shoulder straps over and pressing on the locks.

It was only after it was locked that Lisa studied her breasts, seeing that with the corset half cups forcing her breasts up, they were being pressed much more firmly into the bars of the cages. Lisa stroked her caged breasts moaning again, picking up the collar and snapping it closed around her neck. Lisa left her room again walking in her steel and corset, her intense arousal had made her forget everything other than being held firmly by…everything. Lisa wandered aimlessly for twenty minutes, her mind in a fog as she gasped for air with one hand on each nipple squeezing them instinctively as she walked.

Each time she would walk near her room Lisa stopped and put another one of the pieces to her costume on, until she was wearing the wrists shackles locked together with a short chain, the new mouth stretching gag she had ordered and the nipple clamps. Lisa attached the heavy chain leash to the large O-ring on her collar moaning as she walked out the back glass doors and the cool night air hit her bare skin. Lisa had only the smaller thigh cuffs on order now, the first ones were too big to fit her just above her knees so she had ordered another set with plans on using both. Lisa was standing on the back deck when June and Heather came home, the girls went to their rooms seeing all the lights on and began looking for Lisa.

When Lisa came around the corner towards the bedrooms the girls were coming the other way and all stopped and stared at each other. June touched Lisa first as Heather just smiled and both girls carefully inspected Lisa and her new body. June spoke first as she stroked Lisa’s waist, “That… is amazing.” June said as she wrapped her hands around Lisa’s narrow waist. Heather had noticed the nipple clamps, remembering the last time she saw them and quickly grabbed the chain leash turning around letting it slide over her shoulder as she ordered Lisa to follow her.

Lisa didn’t have a choice, physically or mentally, and hurried to keep up with her friend as she dragged Lisa to her bedroom. As soon as they entered Heather saw the collection of keys seeing the ones she had used before opened one of the locks on Lisa’s wrists quickly yanking her hands behind her back and relocking it. Lisa didn’t resist as Heather took the other short chain and locked it between Lisa’s ankles, standing up Heather tightened the nipple clamps until Lisa was whimpering around the gag. Heather touched Lisa’s gagged mouth. “Is this something new?”, she said, pulling on the chain connected to the large round plug as Lisa grunted “Uh Huh.”

June had let the two walk away from her, she was aroused and confused so she had gone to her room leaving Heather to play with her new toy. Heather pulled the plug out of Lisa’s mouth laughing loudly as a long and very wide phallus slid out of her gaping mouth. “Something to keep you entertained I see.” Heather said as she studied the remaining gag seeing it had a large ring still held firmly behind Lisa’s teeth, “Oh that could be fun.” Heather said, smiling at Lisa as she ran her finger in and around her open mouth. Lisa was so horny any touch was wonderful and she only moaned and licked Heather’s finger hearing Heather gasp slightly before quickly shoving the phallus back in snapping it in place.

Heather toyed with Lisa forcing her to walk around the house, eventually making Lisa kneel on the floor in front of a large chair telling her to put her forehead on the floor using her bound and gagged friend as a foot stool while she watched TV for about twenty minutes. Lisa couldn’t think clearly, she had never been used like this before and was really enjoying it wondering if it was because she was so horny or if it was something else. When Heather had become bored tormenting Lisa again, she pulled the leash leading Lisa to her room again tightening the clamps before saying “I’ll see you in the morning.” Walking out of Lisa’s room leaving a bound and gagged Lisa alone with no way to free herself.

Lisa managed to lay down, her feelings about being left alone were mixed but she knew she was horny and that her corset was becoming uncomfortable. When Lisa woke Heather was standing over her squeezing the straps of her shoes asking why she always left them so loose. Lisa rocked and struggled for a moment before waking fully and started moaning behind the gag. Heather laughed, telling Lisa as she hoisted her to her feet, “Oh we’re not done yet, I think I want you to stay like this, indefinitely.”

Lisa was led to the kitchen and told to stand beside the chair, she watched Heather mix a smoothie thinking how good it would taste. Lisa saw June walk in looking slightly shocked at first then walk by Lisa and sat down and the two women started talking about the day ahead. The girls were acting like Lisa wasn’t standing there bound and gagged locked in an incredibly tight corset with her mouth filled with a large cock gag. Heather came to Lisa popping the plug out showing June the size of it letting it dangle from its chain and began pouring the smoothie she had made into Lisa’s wide-open mouth. Lisa struggled to swallow, between the large gag and tight collar but after a few times figured out how to swallow the majority of what Heather had made her.

June laughed as Heather stuffed the cock back in Lisa’s mouth, excusing herself Heather explained to Lisa “I’m going to let you go to classes today, please have your card signed by each teacher so I know you went, then maybe, if I’m properly motivated, I will release the rest for you.” Heather handed Lisa the keys to her restraints, keeping the keys to the belt, shoes and bra. “See you tonight!” Heather said cheerfully, adding “If you don’t go, you’ll spend every night on your knees until you do.” Lisa stood, watching Heather walk away hearing the door open and close, and thought about staying home just to see what it would be like to be forced to serve Heather.

Lisa decided she had to go to classes, too many upcoming tests to miss a full day; cleaning and dressing herself as best she could she spent the day frustrated and aroused by the situation. When Lisa got home, she found Heather waiting for her, Heather only pointed towards Lisa’s room. Lisa lowered her head and walked straight to her room with Heather following with a big smile. As soon as they got to Lisa’s room Heather told her to get undressed and put the gag on, watching Lisa immediately strap the harness on filling her mouth. As soon as she was silent Heather took the cuffs, handing them to Lisa who locked them around her wrists, as she started to lock the chain that was still hanging from one cuff Heather said, “In back.”

Lisa grinned under the gag as she locked her hands behind her back; Heather held up Lisa’s surprise showing her what had come in the mail today. Lisa’s eyes opened wide as she saw the thigh cuffs, she had ordered backing away from Heather, making Heather laugh again. “These look very secure, I think we should find out.”

After some brief struggles Lisa stood still and let Heather lock her legs together. The thigh cuffs were linked together in two places each to the belt before Heather closed them around her legs. Lisa watched as Heather squeezed the upper cuffs until her skin bulged around the steel moaning slightly. Heather closed the lower cuffs around Lisa’s legs just above her knees exactly as Lisa had wanted, Lisa pulled at the cuffs seeing the company had done just as she had asked, linking the cuffs directly together.

Heather inspected Lisa’s signature card seeing she had gone to every one of her classes, petting her head saying “Good girl.” Heather went to attach Lisa’s leash, saying, “Oh we forgot something, let me get that for you.” Heather took the new collar, squeezing it closed around her throat connecting the leash and leading Lisa out of her room. “We need you to get used to wearing those new cuffs so we’ll take a little walk.” As Heather led Lisa June walked in seeing the two walking around the house watching Lisa as she struggled to walk in the thigh cuffs getting aroused darting to her room. Heather walked Lisa for an hour, taking her outside before leading her to Heather’s room. Lisa was told to kneel by Heather’s bed and stay put.

Heather got out of her school clothes returning to Lisa naked sitting on the bed in front of Lisa and said, “Now motivate me to free you.” Lisa had never tried to satisfy a woman before, having thought about it a lot but had never done it. Heather pulled her head towards her thighs “It's ok, you know what you like, just do that to me,” Heather said warmly as she pulled Lisa closer.

Lisa felt the cock gag being pulled out of her mouth allowing her to use her tongue. Lisa worried that with her mouth spread wide and her lips trapped behind the panel covering her lower face she was unsure how effective she would be. Lisa worked steadily for an hour listening to Heather’s breathing letting her guide her head where she wanted Lisa to be. Heather was extremely aroused and getting frustrated, finally pushing Lisa’s head back, “Terrible, you will need a lot of practice, go to your room.” Lisa struggled to stand up shuffling slowly to the door turning to open it then shuffled to her room.

Lisa sat on her bed still gagged and bound feeling the cock for her gag hanging from her gaping mouth; she flexed her legs feeling the cuffs holding her legs together, wishing she could make herself orgasm. Lisa jumped slightly when her door flew open seeing June come in. It wasn’t unusual for the girls to run around the house in their underwear and Lisa smiled when she saw June wearing a very sexy bra and panties, with the tall posture collar she had borrowed.

June sat down next to Lisa excitedly asking if she was okay, placing her hand on Lisa’s thigh feeling the steel cuff around it. “What did she do to you?” June asked, almost panicked.

Lisa mumbled trying to calm June down, finally getting her to understand she was fine.

“So, you let her do this to you?” Lisa giggled, nodding her head as far as she could. June picked up the dangling gag looking at it before trying to put it back in, snapping it in backwards so Lisa had a large cock sticking from her gagged mouth.

Lisa laughed finally getting June to understand it was backwards, June removed the gag turning it around laughing as she pushed it into Lisa’s spread mouth, “The other way would be more fun, for someone else.” Lisa and June laughed for a moment and June said goodnight and snuck out of Lisa’s room. Lisa was forced to continue to wear the thighs cuffs to school and each night the same game was played ending with Heather leaving her restrained. By the end of the week Lisa could sleep quite well bound and gagged after the first few nights of struggling to sleep.

It was coming up on the week before Halloween and Lisa had hoped Heather would have been satisfied, but Lisa had not made her orgasm yet so it was decided by Heather and June that Lisa’s week of costume wearing would start. Both roommates had already loaned Lisa a few dresses that would help cover the steel. All though the sweater dresses, being long enough hugged her protruding nipples making them look obscene so Heather decided to fix that. Heather returned one evening after restraining her, not so reluctant house slave, saying she had what she called the perfect solution. Heather opened the bra, having to push Lisa’s bulging nipples back through the rings first. Heather took out her solution showing them to Lisa. Her idea was two round patches of leather, Lisa chuckled until Heather turned them around showing the helpless woman the backs of the patches were covered with small spikes.

Lisa squealed when she saw them being unable to stop Heather from slipping them under the circles in the bra and pulling it tight around her chest again. The spikes were not sharp so there was no immediate pain but the longer Lisa wore the bra she could feel the pain increasing with each breath. June wasn’t happy with Heather’s treatment of Lisa but couldn’t talk her out of it, hiding the fact she was enjoying it as well.

Lisa was left for the night whimpering at first but soon drifted off to sleep dreaming of being able to orgasm, hopefully soon. Heather had promised that when she had satisfied her, she would return the keys to the belt and bra. Lisa started the week wearing the corset, thigh cuffs and bra shuffling to her classes made her gasp pressing the spikes harder into her nipples. Lisa was strangely aroused at the increased difficulty and pain from the spikes only able to grin as she walked to class.

Tuesday Heather locked the steel shoes onto Lisa’s feet, Lisa had explained if they were too tight, they would become very painful so Heather adjusted them until Lisa said stop. Tuesday night Heather had a party to go to so Lisa spent the evening unfettered, answering all June’s questions about her outfit. Lisa asked June to lock her up, as Heather had been doing when June had said she was going to bed. June asked why, making Lisa giggle and just say she had gotten used to it. June helped Lisa put the harness on, chaining her hands behind her back, taking it a step further locking her ankles directly together. Lisa moaned behind the gag as June stroked her legs then locked the steel collar around her throat wishing Lisa a good night before rushing to her own room to satisfy her own arousal.

Wednesday morning Heather laughed at how June had secured her pet for her, releasing Lisa just in time to go to her only class for the day leaving the tall steel collar locked on. Heather helped Lisa squirm into a tight cotton dress with a long turtle neck that was meant to be folded down. The dress hugged Lisa’s body to her ankles much tighter than it did her thinner friend. Heather had worn the dress many times, always getting comments on how sexy it was, with Lisa always being jealous of how much the long hem restricted her stride. When Lisa looked in the mirror to pull the collar over the steel one she already wore; she noticed that everything she was wearing under it was clearly visible through the thin material. Heather laughed, waving her off, saying, “Wear a long coat.”

Thankful that she only had one class, Lisa walked in the steel shoes, smiling foolishly at how if anyone had noticed her shoes, she would have a tough time explaining them. The shoes and corset had stopped causing her any pain after the first few days so now she was happy she had chosen both. When Lisa arrived home Heather was still in class but Lisa didn’t want to wait, so she placed the harness on her head fitting the cock backwards in hopes she could finally make Heather come. Lisa had locked a short chain between her ankles, still wearing the dress, using a much shorter chain than normal to secure her hands behind her back. Lisa sat in her room hearing noises coming from June’s room and slowly shuffled to her door nudging it open to see June lying bound and gagged on her bed. Lisa smiled and quietly eased into the room seeing June had gone all out, even blindfolding herself.

June had rolled over letting Lisa see she had the keys to the police style cuffs around one of her fingers before rolling back moaning as the vibrator slipped out of her moist pussy. Lisa moved in leaning over her friend with a grunt, inserting the large cock sticking from her mouth into her. June froze, her moans immediately became louder and she made no effort to get away from her mystery assailant. Lisa struggled to fuck her friend in the tight corset, steel collar and high heels fighting for air as she pumped June’s helpless body. When June exploded, she screamed loudly around the cloth she had tied in her mouth scaring Lisa. Lisa backed away quickly, turning and shuffling as fast as she could back to her room. A short time later June slipped into Lisa’s room naked except the posture collar whispering to Lisa, “You’re a naughty girl, one day you’ll pay for that, but thank you.” She stroked Lisa’s helpless body listening to her moans.

Friday morning Lisa was found with the gag reversed giving Heather new ideas, “For now we’ll turn it around.” Stuffing it into Lisa’s mouth. Lisa was dressed in a very tight sweater dress; June had not only closed the rear slit for her lower legs but taken in the entire dress, making it extremely tight. Lisa’s hands were cuffed in front, surprising her, until she felt her elbows being cuffed and drawn tightly together, pinning her chained hands to each side of her narrow waist. None of the girls had classes that day but each had heard of multiple parties happening along with a costume stroll and trick or treating through the frat houses. Heather had her pet dressed, attaching the leash to Lisa’s collar before going and getting dressed herself. When she returned Heather was wearing what looked like a business suit except it was all one piece made from latex.

The towering heels made her legs in the tight pants look great and that’s when Lisa saw the name tag that said “WARDEN”. Smiling Heather put a pin on Lisa’s chest that said “PRISONER” saying “Now we are in costume.” Heather said, “One last thing.” Bending to Lisa’s feet, she locked a short chain between her ankles standing up very close to Lisa’s face, “You had better keep up.”

The two started walking down the hall with Heather pulling on the leash as Lisa struggled to walk as fast as she could behind her. They had gotten about halfway when June stepped out of her room stunning both women with her costume. Heather squealed letting go of the leash grabbing June as she walked around her telling June how wonderful she looked. Lisa could only stand and stare at her normally very quiet friend.

June was now encased in black rubber, thigh high boots with steep high heels a black leather corset topped off with a mask that had cat ears on it. Heather screamed “CATWOMAN! I would have never guessed it was you.” Hugging June, their rubber bodies squeaked as they hugged each other. Lisa could only watch and smile under the gag at how her friend looked knowing she had converted both of them. Lisa spent the night shuffling as fast as she could from house to house, she hadn’t noticed Heather had picked up one of her leather paddles but would soon pay the price for allowing her to have total control.

Each time they got deep into a new party Lisa was tethered to something and the paddle was shared with anyone that was interested. As they walked to another party house Lisa was gasping and whining as Heather pulled on her leash forcing the tiring woman to resist more. Heather finally stopped turning to a panting Lisa walking up to her face and said, “Okay, you wanted ‘fetish prisoner’ and now that you have it you want to act like you’re in control.”

Lisa was still panting and tried to shake her head “No.”

“Here’s the truth of tonight, you _**are*** my prisoner and have been since you promised to motivate me to release you, which you haven’t, so you will_**be*** my prisoner until you do.”

Lisa stopped panting, standing staring at what had been her friend stunned by the sudden realization she had allowed herself to be imprisoned.

The trio walked towards the Halloween stroll area, Lisa shuffled faster still mulling the idea she had imprisoned herself trying to decide if that is what she had wanted all along. This time June was leading Lisa who was quickly becoming exhausted forcing herself to keep up enjoying watching June’s firm ass swaying in the tight rubber in front of her. Heather stopped snatching the leash from June releasing Lisa’s wrists and elbows. Lisa had a glimmer of hope until Lisa jerked the long dress off her leaving her naked except for the steel and corset. Heather yanked Lisa’s arms behind her, locking Lisa’s elbows together, then her wrists, placing the paddle in Lisa’s bound hands warning her not to drop it. The cold air felt wonderful to Lisa who stood relishing the relief hoping without the heavy tight dress walking would be easier.

Lisa opened her eyes seeing Heather in front of her again unable to stop Heather as she unlocked the bra wrestling the patches out from under it making Lisa squeal loudly. The patches had settled in and other than when she was touched had been causing her no more difficulties. Lisa felt the bra being pulled tight and the locks reset moaning as the cool air rushed across her nipples making them instantly hard. Heather was standing in front of Lisa again holding up Lisa’s strongest clamps, Lisa squealed knowing she rarely used them because of how mercilessly they pinched her. The springs were extra strong and the grippers were made of spiked hard plastic and would never slip off. Lisa tried to back away from a grinning Heather hearing her say “Catwoman, hold the prisoner!” Feeling June’s hands on her shoulders, June watched over Lisa’s shoulder as Heather rubbed and pulled on Lisa’s erect nipples until her skin was bulging around the rings of the bra.

June knew from talking with Lisa that having her nipples squeezed by the rings would make them incredibly sensitive and smiled as her mind drifted, dreaming of experiencing that feeling herself. When Lisa’s nipples could no longer retreat behind the rings Heather slowly and deliberately closed the clamps on them making Lisa squeal and howl behind the gag. Heather tugged on the connecting chain pleased with the grip and quickly turned around dragging Lisa behind her again. The trio managed to get through the stroll, Lisa concentrated on her walking desperately trying to ignore her sore nipples and was thankful when they went to another party so she could rest.

Heather had tied her leash to a low railing forcing Lisa to bend over slightly exposing her bare ass with the paddle in her hands. She couldn’t see but figured everyone who passed her must have taken the invitation and used the paddle on her, turning her ass a bright red. Each time she was whipped the natural flinching made her throbbing nipples scream in pain only made worse by the bent over position she was forced to hold making her back cramp and her thighs ache. After two hours June came up to Lisa yelling over the music “WE have to go!” Untying Lisa and leading her as fast as she could out of the house. Lisa noticed where they were going meaning they were going to have to walk through two normal neighborhoods to get back to their house. Lisa started thrashing on her leash making June stop and scream, “What’s wrong with you!”

It took a moment before June figured out what Lisa was trying to tell her, pulling the long dress from under the strap of her bag. June roughly pulled the tight dress over Lisa’s head, dragging the material over her bound arms and pinched nipples making Lisa scream in pain.

“We have to hurry and I don’t have any keys, so just be quiet and let’s go!” the rubber encased woman said, as she tugged the dress to Lisa’s ankles, forgetting about the leash that was now trapped under the dress. June walked away from Lisa leaving her to try and keep up. Lisa could only whimper and moan as she fought to walk as fast as June, not only were her nipples trapped under the dress but her arms were now pressed tightly to her back. When they arrived, June told Lisa that Heather’s dad had called her telling her that her mother had been in a wreck and she needed to come home now.

Heather was not at the house and her car was gone, Lisa sat down panting, grateful Halloween was over and hoped Heather was okay. June had only removed the hood/mask as she paced; the shining rubber glistening in the lights made an exhausted Lisa horny watching her. June called Heather, listening to her explain she was getting on a plane and would call her later. Lisa could only sit and watch June pacing, when she remembered her plan with the keys, knowing June had only the keys to the restraints, while Heather had kept the keys to the belt, bra, shoes and collar. Lisa was starting to panic trying to get June’s attention to get her to free her hands or at least remove the clamps. June was so upset she went to her room to change, falling asleep still in her costume leaving Lisa helpless to do anything but shuffle slowly to her room and collapse on her bed.

Lisa woke early, she had rolled onto her trapped and pinched nipples forcing her to roll over and lay whimpering until the pain eased. Lisa struggled to get to her feet feeling the effects of the long walk from the night before she slowly hobbled to June’s room seeing her curled up on her bed, her firm body still encased in the tight rubber. Lisa sits next to the sleeping woman nudging and whining until June slowly awoke rolling over to see Lisa still firmly bound and gagged sitting next to her. June jumped up, checking her phone for any messages from Heather, then sat next to Lisa still trying to shake off the sleep in her mind. Lisa was grateful when June apologized and began struggling to remove the tight dress; even making an effort not to drag it across Lisa’s tortured nipples, but the chain still caught on the dress yanking the clamps upwards.

Lisa squealed loudly, so June yanked the dress the rest of the way off before asking what she should do next. Lisa shook her head so June removed the harness pulling the large cock gag from her mouth smiling as Lisa gasped for air thanking her. June looked at Lisa’s restraints, saying, “Oh my god, I don’t have any of the keys!”

Lisa smiled saying, “Yes you do, I put them on your keyring a while back.” She looked at June with a smirk.

June jumped up allowing Lisa to watch her ass again as she dashed to her purse returning with the key ring. “You think you’re pretty smart but you took a big risk, I saw those and almost threw them away but didn’t want to break a nail trying to get them off.” Both women laughed as June unlocked the shackles from Lisa’s wrists stopping before opening the ones on her elbows to say, “Maybe I should just leave you like this, I still need to pay you back for the trick you played the other night.”

“Don’t worry there’ll be plenty of opportunities for payback.”

June laughed and released Lisa’s arms and ankles letting Lisa stretch for the first time in almost twenty-four hours. Lisa shoved the gag back in while she took the tortuous clamps off squealing loudly and rubbing each nipple for several minutes. After the pain faded the two went to the kitchen to get something to eat, Lisa following June suddenly wanting nothing more than to grab her firm round ass under the rubber.

The two were chatting as they ate with neither of them acting like anything was odd for two women to be sitting in their current attire. Suddenly Lisa gasped being asked what was wrong and she told June her keys for everything else were with Heather! Lisa explained the keys Heather had been using were the spares and that the only other set was on Heather's key ring. Lisa had figured since Heather had started to enjoy playing with her, she didn’t need to hide the spares so now had no way to free herself of the corset, bra, collar or shoes.

Heather kept in touch with her friends, her mom was in the hospital through Thanksgiving. June had been busy learning the possibilities of having a bound and increasingly horny woman at her disposal. June had gone home for Thanksgiving, leaving Lisa alone for a week, since she was unable to fly locked into the steel. Lisa spent the week exploring every option she could come up with trying to orgasm. When June returned, Lisa learned that Heather was not coming home until after Christmas, her mother was doing well and expected to be home for Christmas and she wanted to be there. Lisa had become very subdued, letting June take advantage of her restrained condition even learning to like her new position in the house.

A week after Christmas Heather walked into the house; she had flown back very late and entered quietly wanting to surprise her friends. When Heather got to her room, she noticed her warden's suit hanging in the closet’s doorway, it had been cleaned and hung up neatly. Heather was rubbing the latex when she noticed the small key ring hooked over the hanger seeing a small piece of paper on it. Heather took the paper and opened it reading, “These are yours, she still owes you remember, the rest are mine, I’m sure we can share,” with a smiley face. Heather understood the note was from June and that she had not released Lisa. Heather smiled, knowing that meant Lisa had been chastised for over three months, almost laughing as she thought about how horny she must be and how evil June had become.

Heather quietly moved down the hallway seeing Lisa’s room empty and moving to June’s room. As she walked in the open door, she almost gasped aloud seeing June lying on her bed covered in head-to-toe latex, Heather recognized the suit from Halloween figuring the hood must have come with it. Heather moved closer to see the hood covered June’s face completely leaving only two small openings under her nose. In the dim light Heather could just make out the shackles around June’s wrists behind her back with another set around her ankles. Heather almost laughed at the thought of what had been going on since she had been gone. Heather moved to the other side of the bed seeing Lisa still wearing the tight corset with all the steel locked onto her. Heather noticed that Lisa was gagged with her hands cuffed in front with a chain running from them to her ankle shackles.

Heather turned to leave, seeing a small key ring on the dresser she quietly picked it up. She eased back to her room thinking she had figured out what was going on. June wouldn’t be able to find the keys, so Lisa would have to release June first then June could do whatever she wanted to do with Lisa after she had been freed.

Heather stood in her room looking at the rubber suit and thought, “I think that would make a great mistress costume… for next Halloween.” She smiled again, looking at the boxes sitting on the floor of her closet. “Can’t wait to show both of them what I got them for Christmas,” Heather thought, as she undressed, closing her door and locking it so they wouldn’t be able to sneak in. They would know she was home when they started looking for the missing keys and would have to wait for Heather to free themselves, an idea Heather liked a lot.

Heather lay back on her bed dreaming of what she could do with her two friends bound and gagged and wondered if Lisa had learned how to give June an orgasm with her tongue only. “I guess I’ll find out what they both have learned.” Heather thought as she slid the vibrator into herself.
