---
original_url: https://www.mummified.net/storieslr/one_stiff_wrap.html
subcategory: Mummified
title: One Stiff Wrap
authors:
- Smutmiester
tags:
- M/m
- mum
- wrap
- blankets
- cons
- X
date: 2006-06-27 00:00:00
---

Once he came into the bedroom he was shocked to the bed covered in
several layers of soft wool blankets. Arranged on the floor along the walls were
several piles of blankets in one pile was velux blankets, in another pile were
fleece blankets and yet in another were thermal cotton blankets. Jerry's
partner was standing in the room wearing a pair of grey fleece sweat pants and a
grey fleece hooded sweatshirt with the hood pulled up and a pair of aviator
sunglasses.

Jim said "Tonight I am the una wrapper."

They both laughed.

Jerry went over and got onto the bed as he was already naked. Jim began
folding a thermal cotton blanket so it was a little longer then Jerry's leg.
One he had it folded he slipped the end under Jerry's left leg. Then he
reached under the foot of the bed and brought out a two inch dowel rod the
length of Jerry's leg. He laid it down on the blanket next to his leg and
began wrapping the blanket tightly around the leg and the rod.

Making sure every wrap was tight and once he was done he took three short
straps made out of old blankets and began tying them around the leg. Jerry's
leg was now totally immobilized and he was beginning to realize what Jim meant
by this time he would be immobilized.

Jim then began doing the same with the right leg. Jerry tried to concentrate
on the soft warmth of the wool blankets he was laying and forget about the
slowly growing predicament he was being put into. When Jim was done with the
right leg he then put both legs together and began wrapping a third thermal
blanket around both legs so that he couldn't pull them apart. Then he tied
that blanket on.

Then Jim started folding a velux blanket and placed it under Jerry's left
arm. Then he used another rod the length of his arm. As he had done with the
legs he tied the blanket on. Jerry could no longer bend his arm. Jim then
proceeded with the right arm and this time Jerry realized he wasn't going to
squirm out of this. Once Jim was done with the right arm as he had done with the
left arm Jerry brought out an inflatable butterfly gag and shoved it into his
mouth.

"There that will keep me from hearing you protest while I finish the
job." Jim said as he then slid a velux blanket under Jerry's body.

Jim placed Jerry's arms at his side. Jim then rolled Jerry onto his right
side and placed two dowel rods behind his back then let him back onto the dowel
rods. Jim then began wrapping the velux blanket around him and by the time Jim
was done the only thing he could move was his head. Then Jim brought out a piece
of rubber tubing and placed it into his nostrils and around his head.

Jim then took out some small wool strips made out of a wool blanket. Jim
wrapped all of the strips around his head totally encasing him in
darkness.

Next he took a small wool blanket and began folding into a small thick scarf.
Then he wrapped it snugly around Jerry's neck. Jerry's head movement became
even less. Now Jim pulled him over to one side of the bed and began laying the
remaining blankets on the bed. Then he began wrapping Jerry up into the blankets
layer after layer.

Once he was done Jerry couldn't roll over, couldn't bend anything and
couldn't call for help. Nor could he do anything about the raging hard on he
had. He couldn't see anything or hear anything. He could smell rubber from the
breathing tube. He could also feel the soft firm warmth that encased him. But
that warmth was beginning to build and soon he was sweating. But there was
nothing he could do about it.

He tried to relax but since he was immobilized he soon needed to move and
began to struggle. Soon he was screaming at the total helplessness he was in and
panting through the breathing tube. Jim barely could hear the scream under all
of the layers of blankets and knew no one else would hear him and so he would
pay for all those times he escaped before he could get back. This time he would
spend the whole weekend immobilized.

Jim then undressed and laid down next to the soft warm wool body pillow and
went blissfully asleep...
