---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 100 Acres
authors:
- '5:19:24'
tags:
- F+M+/f+m+
- ponygirl
- maid
- gag
- cuffs
- armbinder
- outdoors
- diaper
- urine
- spank
- bond
- straps
- cons
- reluct
- XX
date: 2025-02-15 00:00:00
---

### Part 3

The facility is running smoothly, with three littles, since *julia* went home to her Dom. The day she left, her Mistress came to pick her up, and for an update on her PTP. Mistress Katya had a long conversation with her Mistress.

*“*While I haven’t met her personally, *julia’s* training has progressed well over her stay, and she has been a great help to masters Wayne and Rafael. They have been a strict influence on her upbringing, but some of their more reckless attitudes towards the treatment of the other guests here have rubbed off on her. Bluebelle will be pleased to see her go. As requested, some trigger words and tastes were developed over her stay. Some of the lines from *the wizard of oz,* of the wicked witch, will trigger her incontinence, and stewed apples will have a similar ‘messy’ effect. If you find that she needs a refresher or needs someone to look after her for a few weeks, we can see what can be arranged.”

“Thank you, I may need a sitter in a couple of months, and we don’t want her getting up to trouble.”

“Trouble is not the problem here; the consequence of any trouble is what we are about.”

#### *We are going to need a bigger paddock*

Within the week Mistress Joselyn arrives in preparation for the pony day, at the facility. She intends to provide further training for Tinkerbelle and ‘team building’ as Master John put it.

Pulling up in a medium sized minibus, Mistress Joselyn opened the rear doors to reveal 4 small pods, looking like a horse float but with smaller bays. In two of these are ponies “This is Willowgrass and Skymeadow”, the main cabin could seat four, with driver and a front passenger the minibus was able to transport ten people. Master John is intrigued and asks Master Wayne to see if some ‘modifications’ can be made.

“Willowgrass is a 28-year-old filly. She has been involved in the pony scene for two years, on and off.” 5’10” 130 pounds, she came to Joselyn after a failed marriage, wanting order. Willowgrasses’ favorite pastime was marathon running. “for her, a little jaunt in the countryside should be a ‘trot’ in the park.”

Skymeadow on the other hand was a brute of a stallion at 6’7” and 230 pounds the African American was, well, hung like the proverbial horse at Three hands. Normally he was at home in full tan leather riding gear pulling a sulky “Skymeadow is going to be my flat track pony and head pony in the teams’ races. This just leaves the Dressage, for this I will be training Tinkerbelle, it will be the first Gelding that we have ever had compete.”

As part of the team building, Mistress Joselyn intends to have the ponies live and train together. This will be the first of many changes over the next seven weeks. Willowgrass and Skymeadow are stripped of their pony gear, except for their knee-high boots and armbinders, by the maids H and F. The new ponies are led into the paddock where Bluebelle has been for the past three weeks and Tinkerbelle for just under a week. Since the offer, Tinkerbelle has been so excited they couldn’t even wait for the full details. They were in.

At first there was confusion, as to the living arrangements until Mistress Joselyn informed Willowgrass and Skymeadow, that as a team they will be treated as such, work, train… and live together, since Bluebelle and Tinkerbelle, stay in the paddock 24/7 over summer, So will Willowgrass and Skymeadow. For Willowgrass and Skymeadow staying outside, kept bound 24/7 and without their pony gear, will be a new experience. With Mistress Joselyn, they are normally kept in their leathers and stabled inside a barn. To live the life of a pony 24/7, while it has been a dream of Willowgrass for the last 6 months, the reality of this existence, required an adjustment. Skymeadow took to the paddock life well, but was unsure when it came to Tinkerbelle, keeping his distance. This would not happen if Mistress Joselyn was to have Her way, and when it came to training pets, Joselyn ‘always’ got Her way.

#### *Q’s fate is decided*

Q sat patiently waiting in a small anteroom. she had been ordered to the room over two hours before, although no reason was given “hello? Is anyone there? or am I in the wrong closet?” she called out.

It was another twenty minutes before the door was opened by Mistress Alice, “Follow me, a decision has been agreed upon regarding your punishments that have been accrued.”

“So that’s why I’m here…I guess this has been coming since the tour, by the way… congrats and welcome to ‘club fet’.”

“Is there no filter between your thoughts and mouth? It has landed you in trouble more than once before today, hasn’t it?”

“I always could push buttons. It was fun when I found the one that went ‘bang’.”

With a flurry of Mistress Alice’s hands for full effect, she replied, “Well, I think you’re found the one that goes ‘Kaboom!’”

On entering the room, five of the Dom’s sat around a table. A bay glass window overlooked the maze, Mistress Alice took the last place to complete the full membership of the Dom’s.

Master John began to address the group “As we are all aware, we have been called together today to discipline the maid Q.”

A lonely hand was raised, Q. “I wasn’t aware of the meeting of the Jedi council,” a small knowing smirk formed across the face of Mistress Katya.

“Maid Q, you didn’t need to be informed of the first part of this meeting, only its results. It’s these types of interruptions that have led to the actions today,” Rafael responded with the warmth of a glacier.

Master John continued “as is customary with our group, punishments can be simple to highlight the ‘errors’ transgressed, to most severe for repeat and blatant infractions, as is the case with Q today.”

Q felt her stomach begin to drop, ‘I think ’I’m in deep shit now,’ she thought.

“It was a close call,” John continued, “she was almost re-assigned as Pandora to keep Bluebelle company over the summer.” Master Rafael and Mistress Joselyn looked dejected at the decision.

“Thank god…” Q exhaled, “I thought I was looking at reassignment. The flies and the armbinder would have driven me around the bend.”

“But with the upcoming show, five ponies would be too much… at this time… and with 42 weeks now accrued.”

“I’ve been a little naughty between then and now, seems you lovely guys and gals, just tacked it onto my tab.”

Master John just looked at the poor girl, the exasperated expression said it all. Beneath the controlled appearance, John was contemplating if giving her to Master Rafael may have been the better option, if not for a period of quiet, that would have been her slave name, ‘quiet’. But alas the decision was made and the die cast, once the Dom’s had chosen there was to be no change to the punishment.

“As I was saying before, with five ponies being too much and 43 weeks,” Q was about to open her mouth to attempt to correct, “would you like to try for 44?” Master John interjected before a syllable could be formed. A sheepish Q was seen in thought for a second… before closing her mouth. That the thought was even still crossing her mind, knowing what trouble she was in, only proved to the group the need for an attitude adjustment.

“Good. Instead … *qintessa* will be spending some time ‘growing up’ with *sarah* and *Patrick.*”

“Ooh shit… this is a Kaboom! Button, isn’t it?”

“Yes, it is *qintessa,*” came the deadpan reply from Mistress Alice.

“As *peter* is due to go back to his Mummy in two weeks’ time, there will be minimal disruption. To further her education, the idea of Mistress Katya, as punishment ‘to hypnotize her so that whenever she speaks it comes out as babble’ will also be implemented.”

looks like *qintessa* won’t be smelling the rubber and leather of the maids’ quarters for a while.

#### *Starting over (again)*

*qintessa’s* life at the facility was to be markedly less interesting since her reassignment. As a maid she had chores to do, even a shift or two in the supervisors’ room would break the boredom, but her new status precluded this. Instead, with *sarah* and *patrick* both under 6 months in *patrick’s* case permanently (by choice) a third was deemed too much, instead 18 months was to be her starting age ‘but could be lowered… if deemed necessary’, as such the old proverb of ‘seen… but not herd’ was to apply to her, not that you could understand a word she said, with the job that Mistress Katya did to her.

True to Her word, when *qintessa* woke the next morning (or three days later, she didn’t know) in a light green babydoll nightgown with matching romper pants over a thick overnight diaper, thankfully dry she thought, she began to call out for help. As was the standard procedure for ‘sleepwalkers’, the maids referred to any little under three, but not in a locking crib, to be released from the leg restraints preventing her from getting out of bed.

In came V, in her purple latex catsuit with black leather corset, matching metal chastity bra and belt, “morning sleepyhead, up and at erm… oh wait… you can’t” the sarcasm dripping from the comment.

‘I would get out and change into anything else if I could’ holding up a pair of mittened hands, but all that came out of *qintessa’s* mouth was unintelligent babble, to V it appeared as if *qintessa* was reaching to be picked up.

“There, there, aunty V is going to look after you the same as *patrick, peter* and naughty little *sarah.*”

‘Oh great, she who spent two days at reception for neglecting her job is in charge, perfect’

“We are chatty today, aren’t we? You may have laughed at me when I was stuffed at that reception desk, well, now who’s stuffed” V grabbed a pacifier from the bedside top draw, thought for a second then found one, two sizes bigger “Now we will find out who’s stuffed.”

“V, please don’t… wait, can you understand me?”

“yes, you like big things in that big mouth of yours.”

It dawned on *qintessa*, Mistress Katya had followed through on her threat, what other hidden gems had She put in there while rattling around, *qintessa* began to cry.

“This dummy is going in no matter the waterworks you put up.”

#### *A day at the races*

The day of the pony equestrian event has come around and those in attendance arrived in Mistress Joselyn’s minibus. The four ponies that made up the team, Willowgrass and Skymeadow, with Tinkerbelle and Bluebelle, Mistress Joselyn as the trainer, and Master John, to play the role of the owner of the stables, which is not far off.

From the door behind the passenger seat, two unexpected members of the group were brought out, *patrick* and *qintessa*. This was the suggestion to Master Wayne, fitment of two car seats, for *qintessa* a forward-facing Child style car seat and *patrick* an ‘age appropriate’ rear facing cradle. Neither littles could see outside the seats, and both were heavily restrained, “We don’t want them hurt if there is an accident.” They were to help Master John and Mistress Joselyn, as picnic rug minders. *sarah* Was to attend, but due to an issue arising between herself, a maid and a bowl of rolled oats, *patrick* and *qintessa* attended.

*patrick* was dressed in a long sleeve white collared onesie, suspenders and dress pants with buttons up the crouch from black dress shoe to shoe (spiked inserts of course). As a finishing touch, a matching vest and bowtie to Master John's attire completed the ensemble, all did nothing to hide the bulge that was a pair of latex pants, over a coloured ABDL diaper with 2 stuffers. *qintessa*, not to be outdone, was in an ankle length light pink, satin Sunday dress, unlike *patrick* a pair of locking PVC bloomers covered a similar level of protection to *patrick,* to complete the dress a petticoat, to match her dress. Every step *qintessa* took the plastic bloomers rustled. As the trip to the location of the meeting took four hours, both *Patrick* and *qintessa* were wet, but not in need of a change…yet.

#### *The steeplechase*

In her brown leather harness Willowgrass was brought up to the starting line. Between her blinkers and the starter's gates she couldn’t see the course. The race had eight ponies entering, five Mares and three stallions. On entering the gate, Willowgrass still couldn’t see the course. Once all the ponies were ready the gates were opened, and the race was on.

The course was approximately 800m long with two surprises. In the distance at the end of the course was a model of a church, complete with a large Steeple, the origin of the term steeplechase. The more worrying development for Willowgrass was not the foot high fences that had to be jumped, this was to be expected, it was the six-foot moats that had to be traversed.

The gathered ponies shot out of the gate towards the first jump. In the lead were the three stallions. The first two cleared the fences, as the third jumped he clipped a hoof on the rail, crashing to the ground, his bound hands useless to break his fall. One of the mares came over the fence in the same place and collided, while not down her race was over.

As the pack spread, the stallions started to slow. The water obstacles, while large, were only six inches deep with solid bottoms, while they sapped energy they were not as bad as thought.

Willowgrass cleared the last jump, she couldn’t believe her luck in third, the steeple was in what limited sight she had from the blinders. At that moment one of the stallions came crashing into her side knocking her clean off her hooves, worse still she was knocked over the guardrail and into a drainage ditch on the side of the course. Mistress Joselyn was the first to arrive, having watched from the trainers’ stand.

“Are you ok?” Mistress Joselyn asked, the reply was not the one she hoped for Willowgrass stamped her hoof twice, she let out a cry of pain. No.

“I’d say she’s sprained her ankle” Master John, who was only half a second behind Joselyn commented “If it wasn’t for her boots she would have broken it, with the way she went over that rail.”

Mistress Joselyn and Master John helped Willowgrass to her hooves and back to the stables. The results of the steeplechase were secondary, first was to attend to Willowgrass.

“Get her to lay down in one of the stalls while I find some ice-packs… and get that boot off so we can see how bad the damage is” Master John raised her leg and left in search of ice. Joselyn removed the boot.

On his return John inspected the ankle “it’s not broken, which is the good news, the bad news is it will be borderline for the team races, sorry but you’re out.”

Willowgrass kicked with her good, hoofed foot, NO!, NO!, NO!, NO!, no!, no, as her anguish petered out and tears began to form” Are you finished? or do we need to leave you on the rug for that tantrum?”

Master John continued “the two-pony race is out of the question, that's final” and when Master John decided, it was final “If the swelling is down by the four-pony race and not in the lead pair, Mistress Joselyn and I will re-assess and ‘may’ let you compete. But it will be our decision, another outburst like the one before and the riding crop will be the least of things for you to worry about.”

The smile on her face and the constant hoof stomping said it all. YES! YES! YES! YES! YES!.

---

*qintessa* and *patrick* are enjoying the view from the blanket. On the small hill they can see the track, stands and dressage paddock, but their view of the stables is obscured. While Patrick seems content on the blanket, playing with his toys *qintessa’s* curiosity about what’s going on gets the better of her. she saw Master John and Mistress Joselyn take Willowgrass out the back of the stands, after that meanie other pony pushed her over… oh it’s been 8 weeks in this getup and now I’m starting to think like a little…I need to get out…how many weeks left. it was 43 then the extra two on for that tantrum three weeks ago, four off for dobbing on *sarah*, but one added for dobbing… carry the two, littles aren’t meant to do that thing with numbers…math…oh god She really screwed around up there. where’s Master John? i haven’t had to go potty since we left…damned if I’m going any more in this getup! I’m a big girl? *qintessa* wanders off to find Master John in the stables. Will she ever be able to stay out of trouble?

*qintessa* finds the stables with several ponies and officials.

In the first stall, Willowgrass laying, her ankle raised with ice.

Second was unexpected, a mare in her early thirties’, The mare had five trainers around, she was being judged for the show display.

“Starlight, and her mate Weejasper have been coming to me for eight and ten years respectively, while they have been ‘mating’ since they were placed in the same stall.” the mare's face turned a light shade of red.

*qintessa* thought to herself ‘you would think someone who ran around in the getup that they do wouldn’t be so squeamish with others talking about her getting her brains fucked out’.

The trainer continued “in the last three years their ‘union’ was made formal, and Starlight will be put out to Foal, she is eight months pregnant, and as such, this will be her last meeting for some time.”

The judges congratulated the trainer on such a unique display while inspecting the mare in foal. A female judge commented “do we know if it’s a filly or colt?”

“It’s unknown, it’s a first for Starlight.” At this point the fetus gave Starlight a sharp kick. The pressure was too much, and she urinated in front of the gathered judges, the trainer mortified, and Starlight turned an even deeper shade of red.

“It’s to be expected,” the Judge remarked, “I remember those days, its details like these they don’t prepare you for when ‘in foal’ do they Starlight?” The mare stamped her hoof twice, with a small splash to indicate no.

From the last stall many noises were heard coming. *qintessa* thought she knew what was going on but, as usual, her curiosity got the better of her and she had to look. Inside a stallion of similar ‘hands’ to Skymeadow, was having his way with a mare in full pony gear, a dark tan catsuit and armbinder as was normal. What wasn’t normal was the leather chastity plate hanging from the corset and unzipped crotch.

Two trainers and a stable hand came rushing in to separate the pair.

“I only turned my back for a second to have a leek myself” the stable hand remarked.

As *qintessa* was watching the commotion unfold, another pressing need started to unfold. Without warning the dam broke that she had been holding back, turning the wet diaper into soaking. just as she thought it couldn’t get worse… It did!

At that moment one of the trainers saw *qintessa* doubled over by the stable door “Hey you! What are you doing here? When your Master finds you…”

But that was all she heard, as she bolted as fast as her full diaper allowed, the plastic bloomers rustling beneath, she didn’t care. *qintessa* just wanted to get back to the rug.

---

“Where have you been? Mistress Joselyn and I have been looking for you for the past 45 minute’s.”

‘I went to the stables looking for you, and you weren’t there, and they were judging, and I saw Willowgrass… *and I need a change*’ all that was conveyed was babble as qintessa pulled on Master John's vest.

“I’m sure you had fun, but it will cost you when we get home. The judging is about to start, we have just changed *patrick* and judging by the smell you are overdue for a change yourself. You have a choice, either, now in front of these nice judges where your princess parts will be on full display. Or later… that could be any time before we go… could be an hour, could be six?”

Having the maids change her was one thing, in front of a group of complete strangers that was another, *qintessa* huffed and went to sit on the mat next to *patrick*, obliviously playing with a Duplo set on the rug, her mess spreading further within her diaper. “good Girl, you will be cleaned up later in about an hour or so… As the climax to the judging. Consider this, the start of your punishment” qintessa didn’t know if it was the fear of being on ‘full display’ to the judges, or the thought of Master Johns punishment, *qintessa* began to wet again.

---

On return, the group was exhausted. Master John commented “next year, when we do this, we are making it a weekend.”

“Agreed, and we will bring at least a maid or stableboy” Mistress Joselyn was already planning for next year.

“3rd overall is not bad for a first time out, we had a rocky start with a ‘DNF’ in Steeple Chace but given Willowgrass was knocked off the course and sprained her ancle, 4th in two pony team pull with Skymeadow/Bluebelle as an untested pair was to be expected, and 3rd in four pony team pull, it’s a shame we had not practiced Skymeadow and Tinkerbelle up front.

“But it was lucky Willowgrasses’ sprain was not as bad as we thought. You should have seen the look on her face when I told her, if she was a real horse, we would have to put her down. Lucky we could get the swelling down in her ankle, and she wanted to compete in the four-pony team pull.”

“The winner of the day went to a 2nd in dressage, for Tinkerbelle and shows pick for best display overall. The littles made it. A kinky version of the Addams family picknick”, one of the judges commented. And true to his word three and half hours later, at the end of judging for the day, in front of a small crowd (basically every pony, stable hand, trainer and owner) *qintessa* was changed.

#### *A reckoning is Cumming*

A few days later after things had settled down, Mistress Joselyn had left with the strapped Willowgrass and Skymeadow, the matter of *qintessa* running off could be addressed.

For running off and taking three quarters of an hour of Master John's time she was to receive an appropriate punishment, 45 smacks one for each minute, and 45 days added to her time with the littles “keep this up and we may have a second permanent little.”

*qintessa* walked, or in her case ‘waddled’ over to the maids’ punishment bench. The babydoll nightie doing nothing to hide the clear PVC bloomers and diapers she wore, the words ‘potty pants’ on display for all to see.

“And where do you think you’re going *madame*?” Master Rafael commented “May I remind you that you’re not a maid, what is your name?” Master Rafael commanded.

*“…qinssa*…”

“Good girl.”

At that stage she felt the unmistakable feeling that she had just used her diaper, a yellow stain began to form in the crotch visible to all.

“Well, we can’t smack that bottom, with the padding she won’t feel anything” Mistress Alice commented.

“And in that state, I’m not getting pee all over my hands” Master Wayne replied.

‘If I get into trouble that’s ok, I’ll take my lumps, but I don’t like where this is going…’ *qintessa* thought to herself.

“Well, there’s no choice, we will have to call the whole thing off, until little *qintessa* is cleaned up…Or we could instigate an old tradition.”

In come U and H two of the maids, with between them a wheeled frame. Suspended and inverted in a translucent vac-bed is rubber. “Whipping boys and girls, were used in medieval times when young kings and queens had to be disciplined, but it was punishable to strike the prince or princess themselves.”

“you will be made to sit and watch as poor rubber pays for your indiscretions.” Mistress Katya stated “Then you will spend the next 24 hours in the reception in the naughty chair, in the corner, in full display to anyone who comes in! By the way, we have three tours booked for tomorrow, people from the pony event last week. A small chair is brought out, the back has, in floral script, the words ‘Naughty Girl’ painted in, leather belts are there to hold her arms and legs in place *qintessa* is sat on the side of the frame and is made to watch as rubber is punished for her actions.

After 10 smacks from Master Rafael, rubber starts sobbing. At 20 qintessa is balling inconsolable “stop…stop…stop I wan off …meeny leave bubber lone!” at 25 rubber passes out, smelling salts are brought out, 35 again *qintessa* begs Master Rafael “oure urtung her!!! … I be good just top it!” The emotions so much, that *qintessa* loses all control and begins to bawl her eyes out again, the last 10 are the hardest rubber passes out a 3rd time and is wheeled away, *qintessa* is placed in the reception.

Mistress Katya commented “Although the babbling seems to be wearing off its good to see my other triggers are still effective.”

Master Rafael looked at Katya with puzzlement. “What triggers? I thought as Joselyn would put it ‘you only scrambled her egg’.”

“When you called her a ‘good girl’ just before, I was not surprised she peed her diaper. And in cases of extreme humiliation, say, like what she witnessed in and being caught in the stables, or rubber’s punishment on her behalf, let’s just say spending a lot of time in reception tomorrow may not be advised.”

---

In another room, rubber is removed from the vac-bed by Master Wayne and mistress Alice to be cleaned up. Master Rafael enters the room to the thanks of rubber kneeling at his boots. Relieved, rubber thanks Master Rafael for the three wonderful orgasms, especially the last, “The little bitch has taken to tapping on the glass of the mermaid tank whenever she walks past”. As now, rubber spends 8 days at a time in there in a full rubber mermaid suit with a 7-foot tail. “it was good to get one back on her. just because I’m a sub doesn’t mean I’m not to be respected.” This time a wicked idea forms in Master Rafael’s eyes. *We don’t think qintessa is going to like this either*.
