---
original_url: https://www.maidbots.net/storieslr/pleasurebot_mistake.html
subcategory: Pony & Pet Girl
title: Pleasurebot Mistake
authors:
- Gromet
tags:
- Solo-F
- fpov
- sexbot
- collar
- mind-control
- naked
- F2sexbot
- enclosed
- cons
- reluct
- X
date: 2026-02-07 00:00:00
---

I'd been given the idea by one of my girlfriends; she had hired one of the new pleasurebots for her and her husband to enjoy one weekend; she told me that it had been one of the most enjoyable times in her life, the whole weekend was a delight and that she would be doing it again herself very soon, and she quickly recommended that I do this for my husband on our upcoming anniversary.

Deciding to treat him (and myself) to an indulgent weekend of pleasure, I looked up the local company that had supplied the pleasurebots for my friend, I found out that they were local to my area, and when I spoke with them, I was told that it was best to come down to the showroom for my unique requirements, as I had wanted the pleasurebot to look like me, so they would need to do a scan of my body to make the new bot.

When I arrived to order the pleasurebot at the salesroom, I discovered that they have a package deal that also enables people to become temporary pleasurebots themselves, well I thought, why not this would be a wonderful surprise for him, having two identical females to use and give him pleasure, plus the thought of being able to enjoy pleasure without any guilt on my part, as the salesman informed me, being programmed and controlled as a pleasurebot I would not distracted with everyday mundane things, which generally happens, like household chores, etc.

I decided then and there to take them up on their offer, the weekend was fast approaching, so I decided to give him his surprise early and get the order done right away. After my naked body was scanned into their system, I was told to come back the next day, and the pleasurebot would be ready; all that was then needed was to get myself ready and dressed to look identical to the other one.

Upon returning, I found that they had the pleasurebot configured to look like me; I was asked to check that I was satisfied with my double, which I was; she looked amazing. Now it was my turn to get ready, I was told to sit down, and I was then fitted with the control collar and connected to their system. I felt my mind being taken over as I sat there, and I was fed with all the information needed for me to function as a pleasurebot, I didn't know half of what was implanted into my mind, and I wondered if we'd use it all and also if people actually did these things.

Now programmed, I was directed to undress and then walk naked and follow the other pleasurebot; we both walked in unison to the processing area, where I watched the other bot enter the machine before me, the doors closing before I could get a good look inside. Soon, it was my turn and I entered the dark interior of the machine as instructed, the doors closed behind me, and I was now stuck in the dark standing there, unable to move. A light then scanned me all over, and it found that this pleasurebot was un-barcoded; this is soon rectified, and I could feel the barcode being printed indelibly into my skin.

Next, I was showered with what I think is just water, and the machine begins to wash every part of my body. Still, it turns out that the spray also contains a powerful disinfectant, so powerful that it also removes all of my body hair, even the hair on my head; I watched as the hair was washed from my body. I was now completely bald from head to toe by the time the rinse cycle finishes.

Now the system that controls me moved on to the next machine, and I could see my pleasurebot double leaving dressed as I had requested; I knew that I too would be dressed the same way. But first, my body is sprayed again, this time with a wax-like sweet-smelling liquid; it was used to polish the pleasurebots; after the spray had finished, several arms with buffers began running over my body. The polish not only shines and protects the pleasurebots, I later found out, but in my case, it makes my skin all the one color, and I now look more like a pleasurebot than a human.

The machine then applies makeup, and I thought to myself that it was lucky that I couldn't move; I'm sure that I would have been injured if I was able to move. The make-up is semi-permanent and will not easy to remove, and luckily for me, I had stipulated the same color eyes for other pleasurebot as my own; otherwise, they would have been re-colored at this point.

Next came the clothing that I had requested, stockings were pulled up my legs as my body was lifted into the air by the arms of the machine, now the tight corselette that would hold my body rigid was wrapped around, constricting my waist and pulling it in. Now with the stockings attached, the machine finally dressed me in the matching underwear to complete the look, with a set of high heels placed on my feet before I was lowered back down, and now I was ready.

When I walked out of the final machine to stand next to my double, looking in the mirror there we were identical in every way, and you could not tell which one was human and which one was a pleasurebot. I really hoped that my husband would appreciate the gift that I had gone to so much trouble and effort to give him.

Now we were both ready for final inspection and then to step into the waiting transporters that the company uses to deliver the pleasurebots. I could do nothing but stand there; the system still had control of all my motor functions, only my mind was free to enjoy the experience just as the saleswoman had told me.

Now done with the inspection, I was just about to follow my pleasurebot doppelganger when someone walked into the loading dock and halted the process, there was an important client that needed two identical bots urgently, and as he was a regular and therefore important client, the two newly minted identical bots would be shipped to him instead. I heard the guy say that the order would be remade with two new pleasurebots and delivered later.

Now I followed my twin as we were loaded on to the transport and encased into storage lockers inside, the vehicle took off, and I wondered what had just happened, surely they were not sending me to someone else; they must know that I'm human and not a robot, but for all intents and purposes I was now indeed just another pleasurebot owned by the company, once the barcode had been done I was registered on the system as just another pleasurebot so that no one would be any the wiser.

I found that we were both delivered to an up-market mansion; we were both here to be used as entertainment for the owner's son and his friends; in all, there were six guys all eager and waiting for the pleasurebots to arrive. Once we were delivered and signed for, we were both well used by all of the guys that weekend, plus a couple more friends who turned up later. I'd never had so much sex in all my life, and they even made the two of us pleasurebots make love to each other while they watched for their entertainment. I had never made love to another woman before, but I found that the programming that I had been giving allowed me to give the guys a good show, and the pleasurebot lived up to her name when she did me.

In the meantime, while I was being used, two other identical pleasurebots were delivered to my home address; the note with them from me said to enjoy them and happy anniversary from your loving wife.
