---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Motel Room Meeting 2
authors:
- Ralph
tags:
- Sbm
- FFF/m
- bond
- cons
- X
date: 2005-11-04 00:00:00
---

Motel Room Meeting, Part 2 by Ralph    
rowfer2000@yahoo.com
**Part 2 - Friday Night**

I had no idea how long it had been since Fran had arrived, but I knew
she was methodically driving me crazy.  After she had taken a photo
and called her friends, she’d gotten onto the bed next to me.  Since
that time, she had taken turns nibbling my earlobe, the only part of my
ear still exposed due to the tape holding my blindfold, running her tongue
over my lips, spread wide by the ball gag, slowly, oh so slowly, running
a single finger up and down my erect cock, pinching my nipples, tugging
the rope connected to my ball splitter, and other highly erotic actions. 
Finally I reached the point where I jerked my hips.  The rope holding
my balls to the rope web beneath me was already taut and jerking my hips
pulled on my cock so that it leaned heavily toward my feet.  The series
of actions was not unnoticed by Fran.

“My little sex slave wants to cum, does he?  Not so soon.” 
She laughed softly.  As ominous as it was, I found myself really liking
the sound of her laugh.

“You have much more to experience before you cum.  And I have a
larger audience that also wants to be here.”

I felt her straddle me and then she sucked on my bottom lip.  “They
should be here soon.  But first, I think I’ll take a few more pics.”

I’m sure it was no accident that she leaned back and rubbed her panty-covered
pussy over my cock.  Then I could hear her moving around the room
and the distinctive chirping of a digital camera.

The chirping stopped and I heard her moving things around on the other
bed.  She was looking through my collection of bondage gear. 
I remembered she’d said she only had a little bondage experience. 
I wondered if that was a good thing or if she would go wild with the opportunity
to do whatever she wanted?

“I wonder if this feels as good as it looks?”  She must have been
facing me.  I had just a few seconds to wonder what “it” was before
the first crack of a plastic crop on my left nipple.  I jerked impulsively
and again felt the rope restraining my balls tighten and my cock was pulled. 
“Ooh, that looks interesting.”  A second later the crop hit my right
nipple and I jerked again.  Her soft laughter mixed with the sound
of a knock at the door.

I heard Fran walk away, heard the door open, then there were other female
voices and the door closed.  I heard the safety bolt being put into
place.  I wished I could see the new arrivals, but my own blindfold
denied me that option.

“Well, let’s have a look at … oh MY oh my!”  The voice was different,
a little lower than Fran’s.  “And this is how you found him? 
Why can’t I ever be so lucky?”

“Oh wow, I’ve never seen a guy tied up before.”  The third voice
was the highest pitch.

“No,” said Fran, “but from what you’ve said a few guys have seen YOU
tied up.”

All the women laughed at that.  The laughter was getting louder,
so I knew they were nearing me.  Three women.  Me, tied spread
eagled to the bed.  I could tell my cock was standing straight up. 
It felt hard and the restraining rope pulling on my balls wouldn’t let
it fall over.  For the first time, I felt a little embarrassed by
my situation.

“Fran, you were holding out on us.”  It was the lower voice. 
“He’s pretty good looking.  I suppose he could shed a few pounds,
but then so could you.”

“If you weren’t smiling, I’d be pretty pissed off about that comment.”

“I like his legs.”  That was the higher pitched voice.  Suddenly
I felt her hand rubbing my thigh.  Before I could think about it,
I jerked away.  All three women laughed when they saw the restraining
rope tug on my balls.  “I hope that doesn’t hurt him.”

“He did it to himself.”  That was the lower voice again. 
“Fran, do you want to go first?”

“You go ahead, Julie.”  Julie.  Ok, now I had a name to go
with the voice.  I just had no idea what to expect next.  I heard
a rustling from somewhere across the room, maybe from the bag Fran had
told them to bring along.

I had to wait for whatever it was.  I was blinded and bound by
my own hand, and now there were three women in control.  Julie must
have enjoyed playing with my mind, because there was a long wait with no
sound or touch.

Whoompf!  A leather flogger came down across my belly, causing
me to jerk.  I felt my cock slap my thigh from the force of being
pulled down and tried to remember not to jerk so much the next time. 
A long pause, then another “whoompf” as it landed on my chest.

“You learn quickly,” Julie said.  “You must have figured out that
Barb hasn’t tied a guy up before.  Fran may have told you that she’s
tied one guy to the bed.”

WWHhoompf!!  That one landed on my belly again and I could barely
resist the urge to jerk.

“I, on the other hand, have had a few boyfriends who liked to be tied
up.  So, for you, I may be the most dangerous.”  She laughed,
but I only heard the beginning of it before the next whoompf, this time
on my thigh.

It was so high that my balls felt the air rush past.  I wasn’t
expecting to be hit there, so I lifted my hips and was forcefully reminded
of the tether holding me to my rope web.  “See, Barb?  It’s not
really that bad at all.”  The flogger fell across my chest again. 
“He seems able to deal with it.”  Again across my chest.  Three
quick strikes, starting with my chest, then my belly, then my abdomen. 
The last one caught just the head of my cock and I let out a groan.

A long pause, then another lash, not quite as hard, lower, falling across
my cock and just touching my balls.  Again I groaned, anticipating
what would happen next.  Another long pause, then as expected the
flogger came down on my so it hit my cock, balls, and upper thigh. 
I tightened up, groaning again.  This time, she didn’t lift the flogger,
leaving the wide leather straps laying across me.  There was warm
breath against my cheek.

“We have lots of time to play with floggers, don’t we?”  She ran
her tongue along the strap holding in my ball gag.  “I think we need
to change your position a little bit.”

Julie gave some quick directions and the three women got to work. 
They removed the tether to my balls, much to my relief, then refastened
my left arm and right leg so that I was laying diagonally across the bed,
wrists and ankles tied together.  I was still on my back, though.

“Group photo.”  It was Fran.  I felt the women climb onto
the bed next to me, then there was the digital chirp and flash.  “One
more.”  One woman got up but soon returned.  That one or another
one, wrapped their fingers around the base of my cock, helping it stand
straight up.  Another chirp and flash, then they all got off the bed.

Julie spoke again.  “You’re stretched out pretty well.  I
wonder how long it will take you to roll onto your belly.”  I was
thinking about what I would need to do to roll over when the flogger landed
across my belly again.  I had an incentive to get rolled over, as
the leather strips fell again and again, sometimes catching my cock, sometimes
just hitting my belly.  Then it was my hip.  Finally I was on
my belly and she was landing one blow after another on my exposed ass. 
I realized I was groaning on almost every strike, then she was moving up
my back.  I lost track of how many times she flogged me by the time
she reached my shoulders and stopped.

“Ok, Barb,” Fran said, “it’s your turn now.  Have some fun.”

I felt fingers on my forehead, then the tape holding my blindfold in
place was torn apart and removed.  Once I adjusted to the light I
could finally get a look at my guests.  Guests only applied because
the motel room was mine.  As it was, I was tied to the bed and my
guests were free to move around.

“I need some help moving him.”  That was Barb’s voice so I moved
until I could see her.  She was fairly short, probably a little over
5 feet tall, with straight, shoulder length blond hair.  When she
turned around I could see she had full breasts pushing out her T-shirt
and she seemed a bit snug in her jeans.  Fran, who I knew from her
pic, was near the couch.   She was a little taller than Barb
and had thick, wavy auburn hair that draped around her neck.  Her
breasts were average size, with firm nipples thrusting against a white
button-down shirt.  She wore a mid-thigh length black skirt and black
hose.  I had to turn to see Julie.  She had short dark hair and
an intense gaze.  I understood her comment about bulges when I saw
that she had an extremely fit look about her.  She was tall, maybe
close to 6 feet tall, and wore a shiny red scoop-neck top with black slacks
that emphasized her lean build.  She also had the smallest breasts,
and two firm points on her top told me she wore no bra.

In a few minutes the women had me rearranged on the bed.  My arms
were still tied to the upper left corner of the bed, but now my left leg
was tied to the lower left and my right leg was bent, with the knee tied
to the upper right corner and my ankle held to the lower right corner. 
My ball splitter was removed, but now my cock and balls were tied with
rope and tethered to the rope web on the bed.

From this position I could see Barb looking over my collection of bondage
gear on the other bed.  After a while she picked up the tube of KY
and a probe.  It was long, with ripples and a handle.  She turned
and paused to smile at me, then moved to the foot of the bed.  I felt
her sit on the bed, there was a period of maybe a minute, then the tip
was pressed against my ass and the probe was slowly moving in.  I
felt each ripple as it passed my opening.

“Look at his cock,” Fran said.  “I think he likes having his ass
filled.”  Sure enough, I’d gotten rock hard as Barb slipped the probe
into me.  Now she was slowly pulling it out, then back in, fucking
me with the probe.  All I could do was take it and enjoy.

Fran moved between the beds and shed all her clothes.  She climbed
onto the bed and positioned herself so her mound was near my face. 
I could see she was wet and her aroma filled my nose.  I also appreciated
that this hair was also auburn, cut short but not shaped.  She pulled
off my gag.

“I have another use for you,” she said as the gag fell away.  She
moved her hips up so her slit was at my mouth.  “Barb, keep stroking
his ass until I come, ok?  He said he was pretty good with his mouth,
so now’s his chance to prove it.”

I felt each ripple as the probe moved in and out of my ass while Fran
pressed her vagina against my mouth. I went to work as she explained how
the three friends had first met in high school and over the years had shared
stories about boyfriends, husbands, then ex-husbands, then boyfriends again. 
She had shared about me and my interest in bondage so when they learned
I would be in the area they came up with a plan to try to get the three
of them with me.  The original plan was for Fran to meet me, then
ask if it would be ok for a couple of her close friends to join us. 
Her backup plan was to just invite them over if I agreed to let her tie
my up.  When I sent the last email, she guessed correctly that I was
going to use my self bondage skills to prepare for our meeting and the
three women changed their plans appropriately.  Now they had clear
calendars for the weekend and I was everything they’d hoped for.

During her explanation, Fran’s breathing had become heavier as she became
more aroused.  “You really are pretty good.  Push that tongue
in deeper and get a good taste of me.”  I was already getting a good
taste as she got wetter and wetter.

Barb began spanking me while Julie moved next to the bed with a video
camera, filming my ordeal.  The first strike was pretty weak, but
soon Barb was slapping my ass hard.  I tried getting Fran to orgasm
a little faster.  At one point, the pain made me jerk my hips, but
stretched out and with my cock tied I didn’t move much.

I didn’t know how long I’d been getting spanked, but my cheeks hurt
by the time I felt Fran press against my mouth and lift her hips. 
That made it harder to get to her, but I kept up the pressure until she
jerked her hips and cried out in her climax.  I felt a wave of warm
vaginal juices run into my mouth and licked them up as fast as I could,
keeping up my actions until she lowered her hips back to the bed and relaxed. 
I gradually slowed my motions until Fran ran her hands over my head and
told me I could stop.

At some point, Barb had stopped spanking me, but she still held the
probe deep in my ass.  I became aware that she was playing with my
balls and tugging on the rope that held them to the bed.  Julie, meanwhile,
had put down the camera and was digging through the items I’d put on the
second bed.

Fran was still in front of me, the aroma of her juices filling my nostrils,
as I felt my hands being untied.  My arms were numb from being over
my head for several hours as they were lowered and pulled behind me.

I felt metal and heard the ratcheting of the handcuffs around my wrists. 
One of my belts was passed around my waist and tightly fastened. 
My wrists were pulled to the small of my back and a click told me they’d
been locked to the back of the belt.  Only then did Barb slowly pull
the intruder out of my backside. My legs and balls were quickly untied
and I was helped into a sitting position on the side of the bed. 
Julie led me to the bathroom to relieve myself and offered some water. 
Then it was back to the bed.

Julie tied a short length of rope to the ring in front of my collar
and gave a few playful tugs.  Satisfied that I would go where the
leash led me, she untied the rope that had most recently held my balls
to the bed and looped it around my balls again, tying it off so it also
acted as a ball stretcher.

Without hurrying at all, Julie grabbed the lower hem of her top and
lifted it over her head, then it was tossed aside.  Her nipples stood
out stiffly from the middle of her small, brownish colored areola. 
She unzipped her slacks and eased them over her hips, turning as she did
so.  With her back to me, she bent from the waist and pushed them
to her ankles, exposing her firm ass cheeks, split by a black thong. before
she stood up and stepped out of the slacks and turned back toward me.

“Oh, you like this, don’t you?”  She was smiling and looking at
my once again erect cock.  The rope around my balls was getting more
uncomfortable by the second as she slowly pushed her thong down. 
She pushed it onto her thighs, exposing a fully shaved mound of wetness,
then let the garment drop to her ankles.  Julie stepped toward me
slowly.  She was almost as tall as me and her eyes never left mine. 
Finally she was pressing her naked body against mine.  “You want to
poke me with your cock, don’t you?”  She was teasing the hell out
of me.   Still smiling, she pushed her thong into my face. 
“Open your mouth and taste what you’ll be having for desert.”

As soon as I started to open my mouth, she was shoving the cloth between
my teeth.  Then she began moving her hips from side to side, still
pressed against me.  I thought I was going to cum any second, but
she pulled her body back.  She grabbed the rope hanging from my collar,
led me a few feet, and picked up another belt from the bed with all my
gear on it.  Quickly she looped that belt around her own waist and
fastened it, then moved to the middle of the foot of the unoccupied bed.

“Kneel!”  I dropped to my knees and watched her thread the rope
from my collar between her legs.  As she reached up behind her back
I realized she was tying my leash to the belt, pulling my face up against
her mound.  I also realized the rope was now running the length of
her ass crack.  She spread her legs and sat down on the bed, removed
the thong from my mouth and she said, “now you can have the real thing.” 
Without hesitation, I lowered my head to her mound and began putting my
lips to hers lower lips.

“Oh, oh, OH!  Keep it up, sweety.  You’re doing sooo good.” 
She pressed her hips upward, pushing her vagina against my mouth. 
I looked up and could see her hands manipulating her breasts and nipples.

I felt the rope tied to my balls being lifted between my ass cheeks,
pulling my cock back between my legs.  Next came a sharp SMACK and
a stinging pain on my buttocks.  I lurched forward, pressing my mouth
harder against Julie’s pussy and causing her to suck in her breath. 
Fran was resuming with the crop she was using when her friends arrived. 
Another SMACK and again I lurched against Julie, making her hiss

As I kept using my mouth on Julie, Fran kept applying swat after swat. 
Most landed on my ass, but sometimes she’d lay one on my thighs or hips. 
Sometimes, applying less force, she’d use the rope to pull my balls or
my cock back behind my thighs and would smack them.  It would really
sting when she swatted my cock.

Over time, Julie moved closer and closer to climax.  Suddenly she
grabbed my head and pressed me hard into her pussy, bucking her hips and
crying out as she came.  Her movements were smearing her juice all
over my face as I kept licking, until she finally began to relax. 
As she did, I became aware that Fran was holding the rope to my balls over
my back.  I felt like I was sticking straight out behind me as I knelt
bent over.

“Oh, sweety, we are gonna HAVE to that again before the weekend is over.” 
Julie was running her hands through my hair.  After a while she unfastened
the belt around her waist and let if fall away.  Then she surprised
me.  She moved me back away from the bed, slid off so she was kneeling
in front of me, and kissed me.  My face and mouth were still full
of her juices, but she stuck her tongue into my mouth and slowly ran it
around.  Once again, I was rock hard.  She pulled back and smiled.  
“You like that?  I can do a lot more if we have time.”

With that she stood up and walked away.  I saw that Barb had her
top off and was pulling off her jeans.  Her large breasts swung freely,
with large pink areolas.  Her pussy hair was fairly long, but trimmed
in the shape of a heart.  There was a wet streak on the inside of
her thigh.

Barb and Fran got me on my feet, then onto the bed, then had my legs
tied spread apart once again.  They got the handcuffs off and spread
me out on the bed and my collar and the rope around my balls came off. 
I wore only the four leather cuffs.  With a simple, “My turn,” Barb
climbed onto the bed and knelt straddling my face.  Once again, I
drove my tongue between wet folds of womanly skin and began working her
toward an orgasm.

In a short time, she was breathing harder and rocking her hips over
me.  I could see that she was fondling her own large breasts to enhance
her pleasure.  Someone got onto the bed and straddled my hips, her
warm wetness settling over my cock.  She knew how to move so I didn’t
cum right away.

Whoever was riding me kept the pace slow while Barb moved toward her
climax.  Barb was by far the wettest of the three women.  Her
juices were running out of her and what I couldn’t suck into my mouth was
running down my cheeks and neck.  Finally she let out a cry and pressed
down onto my face.  What seemed like a stream of her juice flowed
out and into my mouth.  For a while she just shuddered, then I felt
her relax.  As Barb lowered herself onto her side I saw that Fran
was riding me.

Fran’s face was a mix of malicious smile and ecstasy.  Now that
Barb had cum, Fran picked up the pace and both of us were on the edge of
orgasm.  I felt the warmth spread from my cock and then I was pumping
my cum into her and crying out.  I heard her give a series of, “AAHH,”
sounds, and soon we both slowed down as the intensity faded.  She
didn’t wait very long before she leaned over and kissed me.

“That was fun, but now I want to cum again.”  She lifted herself
off my cock and began moving up my body.  I knew what she was doing,
but had never done this before.  Fran positioned herself above my
mouth and I could see my cream oozing back out of her, ready to drip on
me.  I opened my mouth and extended my tongue into her opening. 
It didn’t take long for her to cum again.  I found that eating my
own cum wasn’t so bad when it was mixed with a woman’s pussy juice.

Once she’d finished her orgasm, Fran lay down next to me on the bed. 
“It’s getting late and you still have two days to go.  I think we’d
all better get ourselves to bed.”  She ran a finger over my lips.

I was allowed to clean up and was shackled to the couch.  The women
all put on night wear and got into the bed.  I heard Julie say, “Now,
don’t go anywhere,” then the light was turned off and I was left in darkness. 
I thought about how my plan to invite Fran had expanded into a sort of
bondage marathon and how worried I’d been about her finding me tied to
the bed.  As I fell asleep, I realized I had no regrets.

[story
continues in part three](motel_room_meeting3.html)
