---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Deadlier Than The Male
authors:
- Rbbral
tags:
- F/Fm
- latex
- D/s
- bagged
- nc/cons
- XX
date: 2005-03-18 00:00:00
---

Deadlier Than The Male
by Rbbral
**Part Two**
**Chapter Four**

Jo was content with all the clothes and gadgets on the bed, more than
sufficient to dress and subdue Tom. She was beginning to enjoy herself
and knew that Tom, as he had done in the videos, would do as she playing
the role of Pat commanded.

When she opened the door, Tom’s eyes nearly popped out as he took in
this sleek black rubber apparition. He entered quickly and closed the door.
She pointed at her feet and Tom knelt and crawled behind her into the bedroom.
Nothing needed to be said as she pointed to the clothes and he stripped
off and began to dress.

With mixed feelings he noticed his big hard on, was that for the rubber
or the rubber-clad Pat? She would find out soon enough. She didn’t want
to see his face now so she tossed him the mask first. He looked at her
quizzically and then pulled it over his head. It was a perfect replica
of a beautiful woman’s face, ruby red lips, dark eyebrows and blue eyes
and a lightly tanned skin. It fitted him very tightly but had small eyeholes,
nostril holes and a small slit for a mouth. Jo felt more comfortable with
him masked.

Over his slim body he pulled on a garter belt with four suspenders to
which he attached shiny dark grey stockings, pulling them up almost sensuously,
and smoothing out the wrinkles. They had black seams at the back and he
made sure that they were perfectly vertical. Jo did not know how many times
he had done this; she had mixed feelings about a transvestite husband,
never mind a rubber loving one.

He pulled frilly panties up and over his cock, and in fact she was somewhat
relieved to see it put away, right now she wanted him to be hard for her,
and not the rubber. A flared short dress followed and he stepped into the
flared skirt portion and pushed his arms through the tight sleeves. She
zipped him up the back as he pulled on tight elbow length gloves over the
sleeves of the dress. Then she wrapped round him a tight corselet with
a padded bra section and which extended down to his hips. Clearly he had
worn this before and he turned his back to her and she began to lace him
up she laced him tight and pulled heavy straps over his shoulders. She
could hardly believe what she was doing, dressing her husband as a rubber
transvestite. Part of her was humiliated at this, yet part of her was excited!

She finished pulling in his waist, he really had a pretty good figure
and the padded bra was quite lifelike. She turned him round. The beautiful,
bald emotionless face stared back at her. She knelt in front of him and
placed his feet into high heeled ankle boots and laced them up. He passed
his hands over his own body and seemed to be in a bit of a trance. She
was too. This was a body and a mind that she thought she loved, and still
loved, so the next few days were going to be a test, for both of them.

Acting out Pat’s role she surveyed him, inspected him, lifted his skirt
and rubbed her hand over his bald rubber pate. Then she took cuffs from
the bed and without any order from her he placed his hands behind his back
and she cuffed him. This was so easy she thought. The two final pieces
she picked up, the blindfold would keep until she was downstairs, but the
large red rubber ball she forcefully stuffed between his red rubber lips
and into his mouth. She pulled the two thick rubber straps over his head
forcing the ball deeper, he grunted, was this too tight, well too bad she
thought.

Costumed, cuffed, masked, gagged and corseted, he stood silently, breathing
through the narrow nostril tubes as she examined him. She passed her hands
between his legs feeling his erection under the tight frilly panties. He
moaned into his gag and swallowed hard.

She was enjoying this power now; here was her husband and lover, now
her rubber toy, her dolly, slave, compliant latex wench. She motioned him
to follow her to the basement; he did so gingerly on his high heels. She
noticed his fine rubber clad legs, they were really quite convincing; she
would now enjoy beating them, and his tight rubber covered arse!

Before opening the door to the basement playroom she blindfolded him.
Only when he was properly in bondage would she reveal herself to him, and
the control she now had over Pat. She opened the door and led him in, turning
the lights on. Pat sat up, an odd sight, constricted by the corset and
the body bag, her head a bulbous rubber balloon. She watched silently as
Jo leant Tom over to the padded bench. He seemed familiar with it and did
not struggle as she passed straps over his body, at chest, waist and hips,
pressing him into the padding. She strapped his legs to the wide legs of
the bench. Then she released his cuffs, he didn’t resist as she strapped
them to the legs of the bench. Slowly she tightened them all until she
was satisfied that he was fully immobile. She lifted his skirt and folded
it under his corset, then placed a hand on his rubber covered cheeks and
admired their firmness under the frills.

Sitting upright on the side of the bed Pat was a silent observer, saliva
dripping out of her inflatable gag. Despite her immobility she was really
quite excited at the thought of seeing Tom pounded by Jo. If she used the
same venom as she used on Pat, it would be quite entertaining.

Now Jo decided it was time for the exposing of who was who! Jo leaned
over and removed Tom’s blindfold. There was no alarm until she moved aside
and he saw – well who – a body encased in a black rubber body bag and inflatable
helmet. He grunted behind the ball gag. Perhaps Pat had found an accomplice,
or was it Pat in the bag? All was revealed when Jo slowly peeled off her
tight mask. Tom screamed into his gag, in shock and horror. What was going
on here? He was ashamed and embarrassed, Jo had clearly figured out their
games together. And he quickly surmised, she was going to wreak her revenge.
Jo placed a hand on his bald rubber dome.

“Hello Tom, loyal and faithful hubby. I expect you have figured this
out pretty quickly. I rumbled as to what you and Pat were up to, oh and
by the way this is Pat here.” She patted the inflated rubber head which
shuddered under the severe air pressure. There was a faint moan from its
occupant.

“She’s had her punishment, or at least the first instalment, and didn’t
like it much, right Pat?” Pat’s rear was still very sore and she nodded
meekly.

“She’ll get more in the next couple of days, and so will you Tom. I
plan some serious retribution; cheating on me, the two of you. I know there
was no “sex” but you were both on such a high there might as well have
been. I saw all the tapes so I know what you got up to. I’m going to punish
you both, and at the end of it I don’t know what I will do, divorce you
maybe and take you to the cleaners. The next 48 hours will be entertaining,
for me at least. Actually I’m getting to quite like wearing this rubber,
very flattering and comfortable; I’m quite the dominatrix, Pat will vouch
for that. Now Tom, I’m going to give you 100 strokes, just the same as
Pat; she took it and so will you.”

He mmmffed into his gag, but could do nothing else as Jo laid into him.
Slowly, meticulously she picked her target, even moving to the tops of
his thighs, bare between his panties and the tops of his stockings. Tom
groaned and moaned into his gag, Pat watched in silence as Jo continued.
Tom’s ass was on fire and so too were the tops of his thighs and he couldn’t
even wriggle an inch. He looked across at Pat but all he could see were
two perspex eye pieces and, possibly, two distant eyes.

Pat on the other hand had had her punishment, for now, and was quite
enjoying this. Jo was very good and Pat thought she looked fabulous in
her tight black suit, sweat now appearing on her face. When she had finished
she was panting slightly and she tossed the paddle on the bed, sitting
down next to Pat. She looked at her amusedly.

“Well, was I up to scratch? Do I get an A?” Pat nodded vigorously and
Jo laughed. Tom didn’t, saliva was running down his woman’s facemask and
onto the padding supporting his head and he was breathing heavily. The
white part of his thighs between stocking tops and frilly panties was now
bright red, with even a tinge of blue.

But it was not over, for Jo had only just begun. Although she was a
little out of breath with her exertions, she was also excited. She had
thoroughly enjoyed dominating these two, controlling their movement, controlling
their ability to talk – she really quite liked gagging them, silencing
their protests to a quiet mmm. And the clothes? Well as each minute passed
she became more comfortable in them, and they did flatter her figure, good
though it already was.

She glanced at Tom, his breathing had now stabilised, but she could
see him glaring at her, possibly with mixed emotions, he liked to be paddled
of course, but by his wife, and so hard? Maybe not, thought Jo. She had
thrilled at the paddling, but was not so sure about the transvestism –
it seemed pretty harmless though, and he did look so cute in the stockings
and panties! They would have to talk about this some time, but not now,
she had to take care of Pat.

**Chapter Five**

As she sat next to Pat, she ran her hand over her thighs, held tightly
within the rubber body bag.

“Just like a sleek seal, the muscle and bone just visible underneath
but on the surface a nice smooth slick shine. What’s it like in there?
Knowing you can never get out without my say so, sweating in your own juices.
Are you frightened?” Pat did not move at first, but then slowly shook her
head; she peered at Jo through her lenses.

“Why not? Are you excited then?” Pat gave a nod, yes, she was excited,
she almost chuckled at Jo’s quizzical look. No, she didn’t get it – yet!

“You like being tied up and vulnerable, at someone else’s mercy, not
knowing what will happen next. You know I won’t kill you so you are actually
finding this exciting.” It wasn’t a question any more; Jo was now getting
to understand it.

“I won’t even try to understand the why of it. You were probably tied
up as a child, some cowboy and Indian game and got some strange sexual
rush, who knows? And Tom, how did he get the bug? Well I must think this
through.” She pushed Pat back onto the bed and leant over her. Her body
felt a strange frisson, laid out like a sacrificial lamb, Pat lay defenceless
and despite the covering of rubber, her breasts were noticeable inside
the bag. Their eyes met for a moment and as if talking to herself, Jo surveyed
the subdued woman beneath her.

“So vulnerable, I could do anything I wanted to you now.” She rested
her rubber gloved hand on Pat’s breast and she heard Pat murmur and roll
with it in pleasure. She continued to pass her hands over Pat’s imprisoned
body.

“Are you a lesbian Pat? Do you enjoy what I am doing?” Pat tried to
shake her head but her body was betraying her. And Jo didn’t stop; through
two layers of rubber Jo sought out Pat’s nipple and squeezed it hard. Pat
yelped into her gag and spittle dribbled down her chin. God, she thought,
Jo was a vixen.

“Pat, I need to talk to Tom for a while, out of your presence, so we’ll
go upstairs. However I’ve thought of something to keep you busy while I
am away.” She got up and returned from the closet with a 5 inch vibrator
of white plastic with a wider flat base. On seeing this Pat groaned into
her gag, and raised her knees.

Jo, with a somewhat lascivious smile, firstly unzipped the front double
zip of the body bag and pushed down on Pat’s raised knees, then eased her
hands into the bag and unzipped the zip at Pat’s crotch. Pat mmmfed into
her gag and rolled her head from side to side as Jo passed her finger over
Pat’s shaven pudenda, wet with Pat’s juices and sweat.

“Mmmm your body tells me my attentions haven’t all been unpleasant for
you. This should keep you alert for a couple of hours while Tom and I have
our chat.” She placed the vibrator at Pat’s lips, her legs were held together
by the bag but there was enough room with the zip down for Jo to gently
slide it up and into Pat. But writhed and rolled but she was well pinioned.
Jo pushed it in, one inch, two inches, Pat squirmed and mmmfed. Jo continued
to push, enjoying her power. Four inches and then five, and it was embedded
in her to the wider flange. At the base Jo turned a dial and the vibrator
started to hum. Pat groaned and rolled her head but Jo just zipped up her
suit and then the bag.

The vibrator was embedded in her for as long as Jo wished it to be.
In her rubber cocoon Pat was already almost bursting, two hours of this
and she would be a wreck. Jo placed a comforting hand on her head and said.

“Have fun Pat, I’ll be back in a while. But first, my husband and I
have some talking to do.” She left Pat on the bed – plugged, gagged, masked
and bagged, and then began the release the straps holding Tom. She released
his arms first and expertly cuffed them together, then released the other
straps. Tom, still drooling from the gag in his mouth, and still a little
in shock at seeing his wife covered in slick black latex, was strangely
excited. Jo had taken to the “scene” like a duck to water and he knew that
she did nothing by half measures. So he would be punished for his indiscretions
– severely. She helped him stand, he was a bit groggy, and led him from
the room and up to the living room. She unceremoniously pushed him into
an armchair – God, his buttocks and thighs hurt. She sat in front of him
and leaned over, staring at him.

“Now listen closely, dear husband of mine. I’ll only say this once;
you answer my questions, every one, honestly; no whingeing, no embarrassment
and no lying. Just tell me the truth, that’s all.” She withdrew the gag
from his mouth pulling it past the tight lips of the rubber mask. He groaned
as he swallowed and exercised his chin. Then surprisingly she replaced
his blindfold! Tom nervously licked his lips, which pleased her. She needed
him to understand her position, she was not to be fooled with any longer.
Maybe he had surmised that, after his beating! She sat in front of him,
pleased with his discomfort; his arms manacled behind him and his confusion
about whether he should cross his legs demurely or show off his frilly
panties, a difficult choice as he would lose both ways.

“I’ve already interrogated Pat so you had better get your story straight
or you will be in bigger trouble. She was the instigator; they were her
clothes or rather her late husband’s.”

He nodded nervously.

“So how did you get hooked?” He smiled a little nervously again and
stuttered.

“Well, where to begin.” His voice was muffled by the tight female mask,
it was odd hearing his voice come from a beautiful female face. “I’ve always
liked bondage, the restraint, the power transfer; but I’ve really only
ever wanted the submissive role. I’ve always felt you would laugh at this
so I just…suppressed it, simple as that. I fantasised about being tied
down by you and paddled. But the reality today was rather more than I could
handle. You were very good at hurting me, you seemed to enjoy it.”

“I did, I really did, because you had hurt me, by not trusting me. Obviously
you think I’m some sort of prude, so you get your kicks elsewhere. Well,
I’m not and you are going to find that out, both of you. You wanted the
best of both worlds, me and a bit of rubber fetish on the side.”

“True, I did, this is something I can’t control, I’m addicted and I
can’t be satisfied with what you call normal sex.” Jo looked at him in
horror.

“Who are you to say what is normal, and who are you to say what I like
and what I don’t. You never even gave me a chance. We had a bit of bondage,
which I may add I liked, but you didn’t take it any further. What am I
to do, read your mind?”

“No, I’m sorry, but I thought you would reject the whole idea, better
not to have brought it up. I realise that what I did was worse.”

“You’d better believe it, and you will pay for it, I can tell you. And
women’s clothes, what the deal?”

“Not normal women’s clothes, I’ve never done that, but rubber clothes
– corsets, stockings, gloves, heels. I don’t know why but I do enjoy it,
yes. It’s just dress up playing but I thought you wouldn’t get into it.”

“Again, you never gave me a chance, did you? So you’ll pay for it over
the weekend. You will be my rubber sex slave, my rubber dolly. I can’t
wait to put you two through the ropes, you have some interesting clothes
here.”

“Well I’m hardly in a position to complain, so do your worst. But I
have to tell you that I still do love you.”

“You show it in a funny way. No, Tom, our relationship of old is dead;
if we are to have a relationship in future then it will be different. I
don’t know yet, we’ll see what transpires in the next two days. But the
old husband and loving wife scene is over. How’s your arse by the way.”

“Hurts like hell.” He said, looking for some sympathy perhaps.

“Good, you’ll get more of that soon. It’s no good punishing someone
who likes it, unless you make it really unpleasant. I have to go the extra
yard here.”

“Yeah I understand that. Well, get on with it, when will you make your
decision? I don’t want to be kept in limbo forever.”

“Don’t worry about that, by the end of the weekend you’ll know where
you and I, and Pat stand. But rest assured it won’t be like the old days,
you’re in for a lifestyle change.” She took the ball gag in her gloved
hand and commanded.

“Open up, I’m tired after a very stressful day and I’ve heard enough,
from both of you. I’m ready for bed, and I’ll get you ready downstairs.
We won’t be sleeping together for now, and I can’t trust you with Pat,
so you sleep downstairs and Pat and me up here. She’ll be suitably tied
up of course. Open up!” The pretty female face moved slightly and the red
lips opened and she took pleasure in stuffing the gag behind the mask and
into his protesting mouth. She pulled the straps tight and he mmmffed but
she ignored him and taking his blindfold off she led him back downstairs.

**Chapter Six**

The sleek black cocoon that was Pat lay on the bed, a faint moaning
coming from her gagged mouth as her helmeted head rolled slowly from side
to side. Jo smiled at her predicament and led Tom to the overhead bar,
lowered it behind him, attached each wrist separately at each end and winched
it high. He gurgled into his gag as he was bent over, his short skirt riding
up and exposing his panties and stocking tops and his scarred thighs.

“Maybe I should give you another thrashing. Perhaps I’ll save it for
tomorrow.” She took pleasure in the power she now had over these two defenceless
adults. I short order she had removed his boots and stockings, wet with
sweat from his firm legs. Then the corselet and bra came off and, releasing
one arm at a time she removed his gloves and pulled the dress off his arms,
replacing the cuffs. He was glad he was masked for he felt a bit of a fool
like this, but amazingly when she pulled his garter belt and panties down
he had a large erection.

“We’ll have to take care of that.” She said and remembered a pair of
panties she had seen on one of the videos. They were a pair of white rubber
panties with a bulbous fake vulva at the front and a dildo in the rear,
perfect she thought. After a bit of rummaging she found them and showed
them to him as he was bent over. He groaned through the gag.

“Pretty girl like you must have a pretty pussy too, don’t you think?
She pulled them up his thighs and, without lubricant, methodically eased
the dildo up his rear. Bent over and tottering on his feet, supported only
by his hands high behind his back he could do nothing as the hard rubber
pressed into him. Lying in her cocoon, the vibrator still humming inside
her, Pat could hardly believe her eyes as Tom was impaled by his wife.
Jo pulled the sides of the panties up, smiled and slapped him noisily on
his rear.

Now she moved to Pat, and pulled her up to the standing position. Pat
was groggy from the orgasms the vibrator had induced; and she was a little
dizzy in the tight inflatable helmet. Air rasped as she breathed out of
the inflatable gag. Jo slowly pulled down on the bag’s zip, then went behind
and as Pat’s arms were released from the sleeves of the bag, gripped both
of her wrists and cuffed her quickly. Pat had to admire the slick way this
was done; it gave her not a second’s opportunity for escape. Jo, she thought
ruefully, was fast becoming an expert at this. Pat stepped out of the bag
and Jo placed it at Tom’s feet, gripping both sides.

“Here Tom, Pat has kept your sleeping bag nicely warm for you for the
night.” She pulled it up to his waist and draped it over his back, then
very smoothly released one cuff and rammed his arm down the sleeve. As
he was still bent over he could offer little resistance as Jo repeated
the move with the other arm. Before he could wriggle free Jo quickly pulled
up the front zip to his chin. Like Pat before him, he was now utterly powerless
in his wife’s hands, to be released only when she chose.

“There, snug as a bug, now hop over to the bed, that’s where you will
sleep tonight, on your own.” Pat glanced at Jo through the lenses of her
helmet.

“Pat’s coming upstairs with me!” Tom lay back on the rubber sheets and
pillows, imprisoned in the body bag, gurgling through his gag. He hoped
she would remove it for the night.

Pat stood like a silent ebony statue; mute in her full body catsuit
with corset and steel belt round her waist. She was going nowhere fast.
Round her ankles and behind her back she was thoroughly cuffed, round her
throat under the inflatable helmet was the steel collar and of course humming
away inside her pussy was the five inch vibrator. Jo pulled her over to
the bar and leaned her over, attached her wrists and raised the bar a foot
or so. Pat was now staring at the floor, her rubber covered rear sticking
out, inviting all kinds of punishment.

“Just to stop you wandering off while I shower and get ready for bed.”
Pat thought she was just doing this for the fun of it, for she was very
unlikely to get anywhere in the rig she was wearing. Sensuously, Jo undid
the waspie corset and breathed a sigh as she removed it, although she had
taken pleasure in its firm grip. She removed her boots and then slowly
unzipped the catsuit. In the feet there was at least half a glass of sweat;
her body glowed and she showed no embarrassment in being naked in front
of them as they both watched her. Pat had difficulty in this as she was
bent over, but what she saw did impress her. She really was beautiful and
in the rubber quite stunning. Let me get at that! She thought lasciviously.
And the vibrator continued to hum inside her.

When Jo returned after ten minutes she found Tom behind Pat, rubbing
his rubber covered groin against her rear.

“And I thought I could trust you.” She pushed Tom back to the bed and
thrust him down onto it. She rolled him over and gave him ten very hard
whacks with the paddle. Even with the bag and his panties on, he screamed
into his gag. Then holding onto Pat’s inflatable helmet she paddled Pat
ten times too, accompanied by a loud mmmmfffing from the helmet.

“I can’t believe it, you’re like two rabbits. I’m going to have to change
my plans a bit. Don’t you learn? I’m in charge now.” Feeling more malicious
she leant over pat and pulled in the laces of her corset. Pat squeaked
through her gag but Jo pulled harder and tied them off after pulling in
another inch. Then she ratcheted in the steel belt another inch. Now Jo
felt a bit better!

She was now getting used to the firm, warm grip of the rubber and she
would dress in rubber for the night. This feeling surprised her, but then
so had so many feelings during the day. Basically she realised she had
thoroughly enjoyed herself punishing her husband and her friend. She was
not feeling down any more, she was going to make the best of it.

From the closet she pulled out a strange looking costume, which intrigued
her. In skin-coloured almost transparent latex, it was a long sleeved,
high necked leotard. But what interested her was the crotch, which was
similar to the panties that Tom now wore. There was an open gap at the
crotch but either side were exaggerated rubber labial lips between the
lips there was a gap to pee through, or insert things! The rest was straightforward,
breast cups with holes for her nipples, a two inch circle opposite her
bum hole but with a latex covering attached to four stud fastenings – easy
to remove or insert other things, she thought!

She chuckled and though this was quite fun, then stepped into it slowly
pulling the cool rubber up her thighs and over her arse. She then slipped
her arms into the tight sleeves; it was so tight she couldn’t pull up the
back zip. She slapped Pat’s raised rear, all shiny and firm in the black
latex and leant towards her raised wrists.

“Do something useful Pat, and grip the zip and hold on.” Pat fumbled
behind her and gripped the zip in her cuffed hands. Slowly Jo squatted
down, drawing the zip up to her neck. Now she was nice and snug and it
felt really good. Pat released the zip and Jo patted her firm, shiny cheeks.
The enlarged lips were really quite bizarre, firm yet flexible and she
could feel her own lips underneath, rubbing against them. From a short
distance she looked like a naked, aroused woman with an enlarged shaven
labia. Quite a sight, her rosy nipples were exposed through the holes in
the breast cups. She noticed with a sly smile that they were erect. She
felt very horny, was it all the domination that she had experienced over
Tom and Pat, or was it the rubber and the strange sensations it was sending
through her body?

She released Pat from the bar and she straightened slowly, wheezing
through her gag.

“You’re sleeping with me tonight, Pat, I don’t trust you with Tom.”
She leant over Tom and released his ball gag and he groaned. Jo looked
down at the pretty female face staring up at her, and gently pecked the
rubber cheek.

“Sweet dreams Tom; gather your energy for tomorrow, you will need it.”
She pushed Pat out of the room, turning off the lights and closing the
door, leaving poor Tom in his rubber cocoon, contemplating his future.

**Chapter Seven**

She pushed Pat upstairs and into her bedroom.

“Lie down.” She ordered and Pat lay on the bed; Jo looped a five feet
chain round the headboard and clipped it to the ring on the front of Pat’s
steel collar.

“I’ve hidden the key so don’t get any ideas. Now I’ll remove the vibrator,
you must be pretty wet down there.” Pat nodded vigorously as Jo unzipped
her crotch and slowly remover the vibrator, which was still humming and
was covered with Pat’s juices. Pat groaned with relief and Jo wiped her
with a towel. Jo smiled.

“Pretty wet down there, you must have had quite a time.” Pat nodded
as Jo zipped her up.

“Now I’m going to release your wrists and ankles, you’re not going anywhere
and I don’t want you to have any circulation problems. She did so and Pat
rubbed her hands over the steel covered wrists. She grunted a thank you
and pointed to her helmet, mmmffing a question.

“Oh, all right, better that you not suffocate, I suppose.” She said
dryly and slowly deflated the helmet and then the gag. Pat pulled it off
slowly; her hair was damp and matted to her skull. She moved her chin around
and took in a large gulp of air.

“Here, dry your face, you have sweat and saliva all over it, and yes,
you may talk, but be careful what you say.”

“Thanks, that was quite a ride that vibrator gave me….and the paddling,
I’ll have bruises for days.” She didn’t seem to hold a grudge, quite the
opposite, almost crediting Jo with a job well done. She looked at Jo, with
a sly smile.

“By the way, you look fabulous in that leotard, just edible.”

“Really? Well thanks, but don’t overdo the flattery, I’ve got two more
days to get my revenge.”

“Seems fair.” Pat said, wryly considering the consequences of her behaviour.

“Time for sleep, and no silly games from you, you will need all your
resources for tomorrow.” Pat thought, what did she mean by that? Does she
expect me to make a lunge? Well, that’s a thought.

In the dark, and now warm under the sheets, Pat began a plan of action.
Maybe Jo was still a little naïve, although she had done some serious
catching up over the last few hours! Still, she’d be happy to educate her.

Pat lay in the dim light, wonderfully warm and damp in her suit, and
well relaxed after being pleasured by the vibrator so many times. She listened
to Jo’s measured breathing; Pat thought she looked so good in her transparent
leotard and the accentuated pussy lips. Pat had worn it and found it highly
arousing. She still felt so horny, and glanced across at the sleeping figure
of Jo, lying to her left. Well, in for a penny, Pat thought. I’m going
to be punished anyway, why not have some fun on the way.

She slipped her arm under Jo’s sleeping form, her left hand firmly gripped
Jo’s left wrist and she gently pulled Jo’s left arm under Jo’s body. Jo
mumbled but stayed asleep. Pat now eased herself to Jo’s right side and
snuggled her rubber masked face up to Jo’s. Jo’s right arm was now trapped
under the right side of her body and her left arm was pulled behind and
under her, and held firmly by Pat. Jo woke.

“What the….”

“Shush, Jo. Look, you’re going to give me a good beating, and more,
tomorrow, so I thought, well, does it make any difference what I do now?
No, so I thought we could have some fun.”

“Let me go, God, you’re going to be in for it tomorrow.” And she realised
Pat was right, if she was going to give her hell in the next two days,
then Pat had nothing to lose! But she continued to wriggle, bemoaning the
fact that she didn’t keep Pat tied up properly.

Pat ignored her protests, and kissed her on the cheek, Jo tried to wriggle
away but Pat held firmly onto her wrist and Pat’s weight on Jo’s right
side meant she could only move her left leg. Then Pat laid her right leg
over her and firmly placed her thigh between Jo’s legs and rubbed the false
rubber pussy lips. Pat continued to kiss Jo, on the lips, on her ear and
on her neck, jo tried to turn her head away.

“No, I’m not a lesbian…and neither are you, so what the hell are you
doing?”

Pat giggled in the dark and nibbled Jo’s ear.

“Just a little fun, no guilt, remember?” She breathed in Jo’s aroma,
sweat and rubber.

“Just relax, close your eyes and relax, let me do what I do best.” She
whispered in Jo’s ear.

“No, I’m not a lesbian, but so what; can’t we just have some pleasure
here? Well, I’m going to anyway, just feel free to join in when you are
ready.” She giggled and massaged Jo’s breast with her right hand, which
was free to do with as he wished! She rubbed her thigh against Jo’s pussy
and rolled her exposed nipple between her gloved finger and thumb. Jo mumbled,
no, no, but it was now a whisper, she tried to avert her face from Pat’s
attentions but Pat moved on top of her more.

Pat now kissed her nipple and rolled it between her teeth, then moved
her hand to Jo’s crotch and slid a finger between the fake lips and up
and down Jo’s labia. She continued for a minute or so, moving from one
zone to the other, and now there was no resistance from Jo. She began to
say, no, but her mouth opened and she responded with a gentle kiss on Pat’s
rubber cheek and then her forehead and then her lips. Pat continued to
hold her left wrist in a firm grip but the squirming from Jo was not through
resistance but arousal.

Pat stroked her cheek and kissed her eyelids gently and then moved her
hand down to her rubber encased crotch again, this time easing two and
then three fingers past the narrow entrance. Jo no longer tried to squeeze
her thighs together, but Pat was pleased to feel her legs part.

“No, no, no, fu, fu, jeez.” Panted Jo as Pat licked her left nipple,
gently rolling it between her teeth, while her gloved finger and thumb
pressed and rubbed her clit.

“God, you’ll pay for this, aaahhhh.” Passion and guilt were now mixed
as one, as Jo groaned under Pat’s teasing. And passion was going to win.
After another five minutes of Pat’s expert assault, Jo began to shudder,
and with a series of grunts and pants yielded to her. Pat held her for
a minute and then kissed her gently.

“There now, that wasn’t too bad was it?” She chuckled and released Jo’s
wrist. Jo was now on her back, breathing hard and with her arms outstretched.
Pat could make her outline in the dim light. This gave Pat another idea!
In a flash Pat was sitting on her chest, her knees firmly holding down
Jo’s arms. Again Jo couldn’t move, only her legs twisted but to no avail.
Jo stared up at Pat’s rubber covered crotch, only inches from her face.

Jo found this submissive, powerless position quite uncomfortable, she
much preferred thrashing Pat, but she couldn’t move. Pat stared down at
her, her eyes gleaming at her behind the tight black mask, white teeth
smiling. She leaned over to the bedside table and withdrew a contraption
of straps in reinforced black rubber. Calmly she showed it to Jo.

“I satisfied you Jo, it’s only fair that you should give me some pleasure,
don’t you think, now open your mouth.” Jo shook her head, keeping her mouth
closed but Pat just pinched her nostrils and waited, smiling coolly. Jo
relented.

“No, no way, argghh arrggg mmmfff.” Pat, in a nonchalant and practiced
move, stuffed a thick rubber plug into Jo’s mouth. Jo grunted and twisted
but the plug had a ridge at the base and Pat pushed on unerringly until
Jo’s teeth slotted into the ridge. Jo thought she would gag on the thick
pungent rubber as Pat expertly slipped the rubber straps either side of
her nose and over her head, pulling them tight like a gas mask strap. The
gag was now well embedded in Jo’s protesting mouth, with a thick curved
base plate covering her from her nose to under her chin. She tried to breathe
slowly through her nose, her mouth was so plugged. And in the dim light
she stared down at the gag, and saw sticking out from the plate a thick
five inch black rubber dildo. Pat looked down at her, very satisfied with
herself.

“There we are, nicely mute, rubbered up, nipples nice and firm, pussy
nice and wet, well gagged and all ready to satisfy me.” Pat moved her hand
to her crotch and lowered the zip. Jo mmmffed into the gag and shook her
head, the dildo flapping obscenely, as she saw Pat’s vulva peek out from
behind the zipper. Pat was already very wet from the attentions of the
vibrator.

She rose on her knees, still trapping Jo’s arms. She firmly gripped
the dildo, stopping Jo’s shaking head and with a low moan aimed it at her
pussy, then slowly began to sink down on it. All Jo could see was the black
rubber covered body descending on her face, the wet shaved pussy eagerly
eating the dildo. She couldn’t believe this, Pat was the one chained to
the bed by her collar and chain, yet she was the prisoner – she was powerless
as Pat began to head fuck her. Jo smelt Pat’s sweet juices and the warm
rubber as Pat sank onto her face. She groaned and mmmffed and thought she
would suffocate or even drown in the warm wetness of Pat’s crotch but then
she raised herself.

“Here Jo,” she chuckled, “you have to do some work here!” she cradled
Jo’s head between her hands and then raised and lowered it, rhythmically
pushing and pulling the dildo in and out of her. Jo could do nothing as
she became nothing less than an extension of a dildo! She tried to relax
as Pat abused her, breathing in slowly Pat’s aroma mixed with rubber, and
gripping the plug gag firmly with her teeth.

Pat’s juices now smeared the lower part of her face, she groaned quietly
as Pat, now in another world came, at least three times before resting
on the rubber penis. Jo groaned into the gag, almost suffocating, as Pat
stared down at her, gently placed her gloved hand on her forehead and raised
herself from the plug.

“Thank you, that was great.” She unstrapped the dildo from Jo’s head,
withdrawing the plug from her mouth, saliva dripping from it. Jo was about
to give her an earful, when Pat, with a smile, said.

“Your turn.” And she pushed the dripping gag into her mouth, pulling
the straps firmly behind her head. She rolled of Jo and lying on her back
looked at her through her mask. Part of Jo wanted to thrash this woman
red raw, but then she could do that later. The sight of Pat’s shiny black
body, corseted and masked and with the shiny wet dildo sticking up was
strangely inviting. Only Pat’s eyes were visible, well her wet pussy as
well; she mmmfffed and pointed to the dildo, nodding.

Jo couldn’t believe it, just who was the boss here? But something inside
her said, well, why not? She nodded back at Pat, who laid her arms out
to her sides. Jo stepped over Pat and pinioned her arms with her calves.
Now this is the scene she preferred! She looked back at Pat’s submissive
form, in tight black suit, corset and metal collar, cuffs and belt. Pat’s
eyes sparkled in anticipation, and the dildo still glistened with Pat’s
own juices.

Jo tentatively stretched the rubber lips of her suit sideways and found
her own lips. She lowered herself until the dildo pressed onto her lips,
and then sank very slowly, exhaling in spurts as it entered her. It was
larger than tom was, and she took pleasure at the unfamiliar length and
girth. She sank onto Pat’s face and, as Pat had done before, raised and
lowered herself in a steady rhythm. Pat seemed to take pleasure in this
too, and mmmed into the gag, her eyes staring up at Jo.

Jo pinched her nipples, hard now, and was surprised at her own capacity
for pain mixed with pleasure. She leant back and pressed her fingers into
Pat’s vulva and rubbed her clit. Pat moaned with pleasure. After only about
three minutes of this Jo came, shaking and shuddering and Pat laughed into
her gag.

Jo rather resented this, thinking Pat believed herself in control, and
Jo suddenly had an idea. She didn’t know whether she would relish but it
was worth a try and over the last few hours she had surprised herself with
her boldness and how much she was delighting in this exposure to new experiences.
She smiled wickedly as she raised herself from the wet dildo, and with
her right hand undid the studs of the rubber covering over her anal passage.
Then she moved forward a couple of inches, making sure that Pat was still
well pinioned, and felt the glistening intruder at her sphincter. Pat could
see what was going on and was not quite so compliant, and she began to
wriggle but Jo held her shoulders immobile while her lower body and legs
squirmed uselessly.

Jo steadily lowered herself onto the dildo, her own juices providing
ample lubrication. Despite its size, to Jo’s surprise it slid in without
much resistance. Jo felt a huge sense of fullness, but she quite liked
the sensation. She lowered herself to the hilt, with a final exhalation
of air. Then looking down at Pat’s alarmed eyes she parted the rubber lips
of the leotard and engulfed Pat’s nasal area!

Pat began to struggle, which pleased Jo all the more. Clearly Pat could
not breathe - her mouth was squashed by Jo’s arse and her nose by the rubber
pussy lips and Jo’s own pussy behind. Pat couldn’t believe it, her gagged
mouth resting between Jo’s cheeks and her nose assaulted by the aroma of
the rubber lips and Jo’s own juices. She was suffocating, she stared in
alarm up at Jo and moaned. Jo looked down with a benign expression and
stroked Pat’s head.

She waited twenty seconds and then raised herself allowing Pat air,
or at least air heavily tainted with rubber and her own aroma. Then she
lowered herself for twenty more seconds. This went on for five minutes
as Jo got used to the large intruder in her back passage and Pat got used
to breathing in the heady smells around her face. Finally Jo looked down
and said.

“Had enough, mmm? Blink twice for yes.” Pat blinked twice immediately
and Jo giggled as she raised herself up. Pat, her mask covered in Jo’s
secretions, made to move the dildo gag, but Jo commanded.

“Leave that on. Don’t mess with me now Pat, you’ve seen what I’m capable
of, anyway I may need to use you again during the night.” She replaced
the rubber covering over her rear, pushing in the four studs.

“Well thank you Pat, I liked that, and you’ve given me so many ideas
for tomorrow.” She ran her tongue over her lips, leant over Pat and pecked
her gently on the forehead, as Pat groaned in her gag. Then she turned
over and without a word went to sleep.

Pat lay awake awhile, chomping on the gag. She was practiced at having
a gag in her mouth and although perhaps she should have been, she was not
concerned in having it in for an extended period of time. She wondered
what was in store for her tomorrow. She was now perhaps a little worried,
Jo was becoming a really tough domina, but then part of her was also quite
excited at the idea.

She rolled onto her side and could feel Jo’s warm body next to hers.
She moved quietly towards her, making spoons with their bodies. She slipped
her arm under Jo’s elbow and placed it over her breast, then rolled Jo’s
exposed nipple between her finger and thumb. Jo, in semi slumber, moaned
and Pat was not sure if Jo who knew her company was for then she turned
over and faced her in the darkness. Pat in turn rolled onto her back; the
cock gag sticking out of her mouth was really in the way for full frontal
action. This allowed Jo to snuggle her head in the crook of Pat’s neck
and move her hand to pat’s exposed vulva which she then rubbed affectionately.
Pat did not know if Jo was half asleep and these was some sort of unconscious
effort or whether she knew exactly what she was doing! Pat didn’t really
dare for she took Jo in her arms, one around her head and shoulders and
the other resting on her buttocks and drifted off to a dreamless sleep,
Jo like a child, unmoving in her arms.

**Chapter Eight**

Pat awoke after, oddly, a deep sleep, hardly interrupted by the gag,
and the big dildo sticking out of it. Jo was standing over her, looking
down.

“Rise and shine, Pat. We have a big day ahead of us.” Pat blinked and
pointed at her gag, mewing, her mask was a mess and all the juices and
secretions had now dried, but Jo shook her head. Pat noticed she said nothing
about Pat’s advances in the night.

“No, not yet, you can keep that on for a while longer.” Pat pouted but
now knew better than to argue; then she examined Jo and really appreciated
what she saw. She had already removed the leotard and changed into a new
costume, and what a costume! She was dressed as the classic fetish schoolgirl.
She wore black slingback shoes with high heels; brilliant white full length
latex stockings, with suspenders; a short, black flared skirt which didn’t
even cover her stocking tops; tight – very tight white latex panties accentuating
her mons and cradling her buttocks; and a loose white long sleeved latex
blouse with a red tie, tied very properly. The sleeves covered black latex
gloves, probably to the shoulder and the bra she wore underneath her blouse
pushed her breasts out provocatively. A wide red latex belt clinched her
waist. Her make-up was superb, her hair pulled back in a pony tail, her
lips ruby red and her eyebrows pronounced. Pat almost swooned and Jo could
see in Pat’s eyes her reaction. Jo knew the power she had over Pat.

“So you like what you see?” She twirled before her, the flared skirt
rising and showing off her tight panties and stocking tops. Jo knew exactly
what she was doing! Pat nodded her head vigorously.

“But down to business, down on your knees, slave.” She commanded and
dumped a pile of rubber on the bed. Poor Pat felt very sorry for herself;
kneeling on all fours on the bed, she felt very vulnerable and silly, and
with a big black sticky dildo sticking out of her mouth. Jo now released
her crotch zip from belly button to the small of her back and now she felt
really exposed. She looked at the bundle of rubber on the bed beside her
and groaned. It was a doggy suit! She’d only worn it once and it was a
tight fir when she was naked in it but with a catsuit and corset underneath,
it would feel like a vice. She felt Jo settle behind her.

“Okay, doggy, or rather bitch,” she chuckled, “raise your rear right
leg and bend it.” Pat did so; she was still chained by her collar to the
bed, so she was going nowhere. Jo slid the tight legging with the reinforced
rubber kneecap over her leg and pulled hard upwards, almost lifting Pat
off the bed, Pat grunted as Jo pushed the sole of her foot into the tight
tube. Once in, her leg was doubled over as if in a vice and her foot was
trapped against her buttock. Jo then tapped her left leg and Pat, like
an obedient dog, raised it and Jo repeated the action, stuffing it into
the tight legging. Shortly her knee was snug against the pad and her foot
tight against her rump. To the onlooker one would hardly know that she
had any lower limbs as they were compressed so hard against her thighs
and buttocks as to be almost undetectable.

Grabbing both sides of the suit Jo pulled it over Pat’s hips and up
to her waist. Opposite Pat’s exposed vulva were a pair of large rubber
lips, just like Jo had worn the night before – easy for access by a third
party. Pat had Tom originally in mind but no doubt Jo had someone else
in mind, Pat thought.

Her arse was exposed by a two inch diameter hole with four stud fastenings
surrounding it. She knew what was going to be going in there, all right.
She had after all bought this costume, but with Jo as mistress somehow
it took on a whole new meaning. Jo came round to Pat’s side still kneeling
on the bed, then roughly bent Pat’s left arm until her palm rested on her
shoulder then with a grimace pulled the sleeve over the elbow. Pat grunted
and pleaded with her eyes but she knew that was pointless and quickly her
arm was held in a firm grip of rubber. Pat felt like a dumb store mannequin
as Jo manhandled her other arm into the sleeve.

Before zipping her in, to add insult to injury she released the laces
of the corset – and then spent a couple of minutes pulling them tighter!
She’d been in it for over twelve hours now and Jo was able to find another
half inch to pull in. Pat thought she was being split in two but resigned
herself to this; Jo was clearly on a mission now. Pat could hardly breathe
through her nose, saliva trickling from the end of the dildo gag and onto
the bed. Jo now released the chain from the steel collar and with difficulty
pulled up the back zip to Pat’s neck. She sat back on her haunches, admiring
her work.

“Excellent, my little bitch, wonderfully trussed. But where is the bitch’s
tail? Oh yes, here it is.” She picked up a thick rubber butt plug, three
inches long with a narrower end. It had a wide base plate with studs, and
a white spongy tail, just like a poodles! Pat grunted a loud no, as she
looked back, her rear tunnel exposed and ready to be plugged. With a smile,
Jo licked the butt plug, putting on plenty of saliva, then kneeling at
Pat’s side and gripping her hips firmly, she slowly twisted and pushed
the plug up Pat’s rear passage. Pat’s squealed and wriggled but in no time
it was up to the wider flange as her sphincter gripped the narrower end.
Then Jo studiously pushed in the press studs. Pat was now impaled on her
own doggy tail. She tried to exercise her anal muscles to “frump” it out
but all that did was wag the tail in an exaggerated way, which made Jo
laugh out aloud.

For a moment Pat had hoped that Jo had forgotten the helmet, but no,
glancing back she saw it on the bed. Oh why had she co-operated in this
crazy design with Tom? She’d thought it funny at the time, but she had
not worn it yet. She thought Tom looked quite funny in it, and she enjoyed
being the dominant bitch pulling him around on a leash – and now she was
to be a different kind of bitch, on the end of the leash! Tom had worn
the helmet for only a short time and pronounced it uncomfortable, a good
idea on paper but almost torture to wear. It was tough to breathe and take
in food, for she had forced him to eat some chocolate mousse out of a dog
bowl. Well, now she was about to find out.

“What imaginations you two have.” Jo said sarcastically, as she opened
the helmet in front of Pat’s face. She quickly removed Pat’s dildo gag
and Pat took a large lungful of air, spittle dripping onto the bed.

“No, no Jo, please,” she implored, “I don’t like this mask at all, I’ll
suffocate or gag, plea….uggghh, ggrrgg. Please Jo, please.” Jo pushed Pat’s
resisting head into the helmet. Like a very unhappy dog, she shook her
head violently, trying to shake it off. Jo laughed, having fun now, and
straddled Pat’s body, as if trying to ride her, her legs wrapped around
her torso. Pat almost collapsed under her weight but Jo now had both hands
on the mask and was zipping it slowly down from the crown. As she did so,
Pat’s cries became fainter and less intelligible.

“No…mo…peaf….nnnkk…mmmmmm.” Then there was just laboured, rasping breathing,
as Pat shook her head as if trying to toss it off, yet of course she knew
this was pointless.

“Phew, that’s better, quite the tiger you are! I can see why you don’t
like it at all. A really nasty design, better on paper than on your head.”
She chuckled as she patted Pat’s head like an affectionate owner. Pat shook
her head from side to side and gave out a cross between a grunt and a wail.
It was the only sound se was able to make now. Jo got off the bed and stared
at the strange apparition, on all fours on the bed and no longer moving.

The skin was taut, shiny and black; forearms and lower limbs were undetectable;
firm breasts were held in exaggerated cradles; the tail, round and white
wagged provocatively; and there were the bulbous pussy lips that were just
screaming to be breached. And then there was the head.

Yes, the head, it was a cross between a gas mask and the head of a boxer
dog. Two perky, boxer ears in moulded rubber were on either side in moulded
rubber and the eyes were two small tinted lenses. Jo leant over and saw
Pat’s eyes behind, looking wide and alarmed. The nose was a small snub
and she even breathed like a boxer, in a laboured way. The mouth was a
strange rubbery grimace. Pat could open and close it, but the rubber mouthpiece,
like a snorkel, extended well into her mouth and pushed out her cheeks,
making it impossible to make any human sounds, just woof-like grunts or
wails. She could move her tongue around inside her mouth and swallow but
her cheeks felt as if they were full of rubber wadding.

Whether she could eat or drink – like a dog – remained to be seen, Tom
had managed to get some mousse inside him, but did not enjoy the experience
at all. She did not know why she designed this! What a fool she felt –
her ass plugged, her arms and legs folded out of sight and useless and
her pussy just waiting to be forcibly entered!

Jo placed a thick rubber collar 5 inches wide around her neck, which
at least would give her some support as her torso would be horizontal all
day. She slipped a lead through the ring at the back of the collar and
pulled on it. With a groan, Pat backed off the bed, very clumsily and rolled
onto the floor. Jo pulled on the lead again and bent down to speak.

“Well, bitch, you’ll be my doggy all day today, an obedient one, or
else. I’m your mistress and you won’t forget it. Come on, you can watch
as I make Tom your doggy partner.’ She pulled on the lead and Pat, like
an obedient dog followed her mistress, slowly moving along on her padded
limbs. Jo lead her down the stairs slowly, and despite her ridiculous predicament,
Pat looked ahead of her at Jo, in her saucy schoolgirls uniform of latex
stockings, mini skirt and tight blouse and a hot flush came over her.

Pat descended slowly, acclimatising to being only two feet off the ground.
Her breathing was laboured and Jo turned round and patted her head, and
then with a sinister smile moved her hand to Pat’s groin and slipped it
through the rubber lips to Pat’s love channel. She withdrew it to a groan
from Pat and looked at her glove, now glistening, and then said.

“You’re incorrigible, I’m going to find it hard to really punish you,
I see.” But she really didn’t look as if she meant it, for she just seemed
to be having such a good time! She fondled Pat’s rubber ear.

“Doing okay? You’ll get used to it. You’ll have to, and so will Tom.”
She led her doggy into the rubber room and tied her lead to the whipping
bench. Because of the plug up her rectum she could only sit on her side
and found it difficult getting comfortable, but not as uncomfortable as
Jo was about to make Tom.

Pat noticed, and now began to appreciate, that Jo was becoming very
efficient at subduing her captives. First she gagged him with a large red
ball gag; she didn’t want to listen to any whining from her dear husband.
She unzipped the upper half of the body bag and rolled him over, straddled
him and before he could react with any force had cuffed his hands behind
his back. Then she pulled the bag off followed by the dildo pants.

Despite his protestations she noticed he still had a hard-on. She ignored
this and ordered him onto his knees. Quickly she repeated the process she
had earlier undertaken with Pat. In no time his legs were bent double and
tightly encased in their thick rubber sleeves. She pulled up the gusset
piece and noticed the same hole opposite his ass. His cock and balls however
were held in a formed rubber penis and ball sac. At the end of the prosthesis
there was a small hole, and his erection stretched the thin rubber to the
limit while his balls wobbled obscenely in the thin sac.

When she released one hand from the cuffs, as if in a daze he was not
quick enough to react, and as she straddled him and stuffed his arm into
the sleeve. As she was not wearing a second skin he slid in easier. He
gurgled into his gag but was powerless to prevent her from repeating the
process with the other arm. She smoothed it out, his hands almost undetectable
now and she laughed aloud as she zipped him up to his neck.

“Oh Tom, I do so like doing this, my obedient little doggy. Where’s
doggy’s tail? Here it is!” Pat looked on in silent appreciation as Jo licked
the dildo and then, more viciously than she did Pat, crammed it into Tom’s
rear. He shouted into his gag, and looked back but Jo inexorably pushed
on, and then pressed in the studs. She cradled his balls, held firm between
his “hind” legs.

“Mmmm, you’re a horny doggy, and so vulnerable; now we have to match
you up with your bitch over there. I understand you don’t like the helmet,
Pat certainly doesn’t, but then you gave up having rights last night.”
She gave his ball sac a flick with her finger and he yelped. He still had
his hard-on, seeing his beautiful wife all dressed up as a rubber schoolgirl
meant he almost shot his load. This time she pulled his shortened arms
to his body and he fell forward. Retaining her straddled position she removed
his gag. He still had on his female mask but she left that on. Like Pat
he tried to talk.

“Look Jo, please can we talk this out, please not th…..arrggh…..grrrhh.”
She lifted his head and pushed his face inside, carefully zipping down
the back. Shortly there was just laboured breathing and Tom waggled his
head in futility. Pat had to admit Jo had done it all very efficiently
and she looked down and found herself unconsciously rubbing her elbow over
her rubber pussy. She didn’t even know she was doing it, so engrossed she
was in seeing Tom made into a doggy so quickly. Jo slipped another 5 inch
rubber collar around his neck, extending his head to a forced upright posture
and then clipped a lead to it. She lifted him up to all fours and rubbed
his ears, looking deeply into his eyes.

“Okay, doggy, behave now, do as you are ordered, these balls are very
vulnerable to a beating so you had better be on your best behaviour. Okay?”
He nodded his head frantically and grunted and Jo laughed as she led him
off the bed.

The two dogs stared at each other, identical (except for Tom’s cock
and balls) and mute, as Jo took their leads in each hand and led them out
of the rubber room. She came to the stairs and ordered them ahead of her.
As they slowly ascended, she almost swooned at the sight of their rubber
covered arses gripping the wiggling tails and butt plugs, Tom’s cock and
balls distended between his legs and Pat’s enlarged rubber pussy lips fully
exposed.

It was she, and she alone, that had reduced them both to this, in less
than a day. And in that same time Jo had become addicted to dominance and
dominating these two, particularly Tom. After a night with Pat, and the
way she looked just now, she was feeling a bit of a soft spot for her.
She was a minx and would have to be trained, but Jo felt she had the skills
for that, and she thought Pat would learn to appreciate them. She wanted
to punish them still, and gain sexual gratification – the night before
with Pat had been incredible. That had clearly exposed something dormant
within her and she was not about to suppress it now. 
 

[continued
in part three](deadlier_than_the_male3.html)
