---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/conspiracy2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Conspiracy 2
authors:
- Jezziebelle
tags:
- M+F/f
- bond
- kidnap
- packed
- trunk
- reluct/nc
- X
---

(story continues from [**Conspiracy 1**](conspiracy.html))

*Investigative journalist Jenna has
been caught trespassing on shady entrepreneur Rob Fletcher’s property…*

**Part Two**

The corporate party at Rob Fletcher’
shady enterprise was in full swing. Jenna, of course, had found herself to be
too tied up to attend…

Rob circled round the party, greeting
friends, acquaintances and business partners warmly. A few he took aside into a
corner and murmured something quietly to them, each time resulting in a pair of
wide eyes and an eager nod.

An hour or so later, as the main body of
the guests dispersed, Rob’s chosen few – his closest friends – lingered
behind and followed Rob into the bowels of the building, heading for the
warehouse. There were three men, and one adventurous woman. They were high with
anticipation, and chattered nervously.

The sight that greeted them as they
entered the warehouse and Rob turned up the lights was Jenna’s naked,
trembling bottom pointing straight at them.

‘Jesus,’ breathed Pete, the first to
step forward and admire. His eyes traced her bonds: bent at a ninety degree
angle over some kind of metal frame, Jenna was stretched out and pinned by cable
ties from her bound ankles near the ground to her outstretched arms, raised
above her head and fastened to the far side of the frame. Her head faced
downwards, her tousled hair obscuring her identity. At the sound of the visitors
entering, Jenna had begun to struggle again, and they watched her in delight as
she writhed against the harsh ties and moaned almost imperceptibly into her gag.
Just visible on her bottom were the slight red marks of Rob’s earlier
spanking.

‘Who is she?’ asked Mike, divesting
himself of his jacket and loosening his tie.

‘An investigative journalist who’s
discovering it might not be such a good idea to fling unfounded accusations at
me,’ replied Rob with a straight face.

Mike laughed. ‘Come off it, we all
know she’s someone you’ve hired for the evening. But we don’t mind.’

Rob raised an eyebrow and said nothing.
He’d told the truth, and if they chose not to believe him that was their
business.

Sam was frowning. He stepped forward and
ran a hand over Jenna’s taut bottom. Then he slipped his index finger between
her thighs and felt for her pussy. He withdrew it glistening with her juices,
and smiled.

‘Well, she’s enjoying it. I guess we
can tell our consciences to take a hike.’ And with that, he unzipped his
trousers, withdrew his already hard cock, and pushed it straight into her.

Jenna screamed into her gag as she felt
her internal muscles contract around him. Oh god, that felt so good… and the
consciousness that Rob was doing this to her without her consent, as punishment
for being caught rifling through his files, drove her even higher. The position
she was bound in made every last inch of her accessible to Sam’s plunging
cock. And there were at least three more people watching…

She’d never been fucked whilst unable
to move before, and the sensation was intense. The more she writhed, the tighter
her bonds felt. From behind her came voices saying things like ‘Go Sam!’.
Sam thrust deeper and faster, starting to spank her as he did so, which made her
even wilder.

Feeling a vibration beneath her, Jenna
opened her eyes and got the shock of her life to see a petite woman gazing up at
her. She was climbing into the inside of the metal frame, squeezing herself
inside till she was directly under Jenna. Instinctively, Jenna turned her head
to hide her face, but it didn’t matter, because Melena didn’t recognise her.

Jenna’s breasts were bound with cable
ties, one round the base of each so that they swelled angrily beneath her. She
froze as she felt a gentle caress on each of them. Then a hot tongue circled
each nipple, and soft lips worked them into hard lumps. Jenna was pulling at her
bonds, trying to escape this enforced lesbian encounter, but all the while
getting hotter and hotter, moaning continually through her gag. As Sam gave one
last thrust and came inside her, Melena sucked hard on one nipple and pinched
the other till Jenna was overtaken by a wave of orgasm so strong spots swam
before her eyes.

‘My turn,’ said Mike, and took Sam’s
place immediately. His cock was a little shorter, but thicker, and stretched
Jenna quite considerably.

Melena withdrew, and after a moment
Jenna felt Rob loosening the ties round her arms and torso. He moved her arms so
they were spread out towards the far corners of the frame, and tied them
securely in place. Jenna could now lift her head and look around, if she wished,
but she didn’t. Not until Melena climbed
on top of the frame and sat down in front of her did Jenna look up and catch
sight of something she’d never seen before, and didn’t really want to see
now.

Melena lifted up her skirt and slid so
Jenna’s face was directly between her legs. She was so close there was nowhere
else she could move her head – she was pressed into Melena’s pussy, already
feeling her juices wetting her face. With Mike reaming her from behind, Jenna
had enough to worry about, and this was too much. As Melena undid her gag and
pushed her face into her, she rebelled, shaking her head and shouting. She’d
never wanted to do this. She’d always thought of herself as 100% heterosexual…
and now here she was being simultaneously fucked and forced to give oral sex to
a strange woman…

Melena had to pinch her nose, hard, till
she would oblige. Unable to breathe much through her mouth, and tears coming
from the pain in her nose, Jenna was forced to comply. She put out her tongue
and started to lick, reluctantly, Melena’s hands pushing her ever closer in.

Eyes screwed tight shut, Jenna came for
the second time just before Mike, and just after Melena.

Rob rebound her arms so that they were
pinned behind her. Mike and Melena stepped back, and let Pete approach. Dazed
and exhausted but still bound motionless and on fire within, Jenna froze as he
began to lubricate her ass with her own juices.

At the same instant, Jenna wanted
nothing more than his cock in her ass, and wanted to kill everyone in the room
for so casually taking her anal virginity… She moaned loudly as his cock began
to press against her ass, every muscle straining to keep him out – then her
body gave way, and the head popped inside. Every nerve ending shrieked as Jenna
writhed in her bonds, Pete pushing ever further in till she was impaled on him.
He began to thrust, slowly, deliberating, savouring the sensation.

In front of her, Sam was ready to go
again. He clambered around the struts of the frame till he stood before her,
groin at the level of her face. He lifted her head by her hair, and manoeuvred
till her mouth captured his cock.

Jenna had no strength left to argue. Her
body taken possession by these strangers, she gave in, and let them fuck her
from both ends. Melena slid a slender hand into her pussy from beneath, filling
her completely. She fell into an ongoing orgasmic haze that seemed to stretch
for hours, as the invaders slid in and out, in and out, in and out…

When she awoke, everyone had left.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Rob left her alone for an hour to cool
down, then returned to the warehouse to release her.

‘Bastard,’ she murmured as she
slumped to the ground, stiff muscles unable to keep her upright. Even in her
abused, dishevelled state she was sexy. Rob could still read the black words he’d
written on her body a week ago. IT’S NOT WHAT YOU THINK. Well, it was true.
Finally recalled by pity, he took off his jacket and put it round her shoulders.
She glared at him, but wrapped it round her.

‘Trespassers will be dealt with,’ he
said calmly. ‘You also tried to steal my property.’ He was referring to the
letter she’d taken from his office hours ago.

‘You are going down,’ replied Jenna.
‘You think this kind of treatment will stop me from publishing my story? In
fact, what makes you think I won’t report you to the police right away?’

‘If you weren’t in this at least
partly for the kinky benefits,’ replied Rob with a grin, ‘then you would
have had me arrested long ago.’

Too late, Jenna looked up and saw that he’d taken a wad of cloth from his
pocket and was pouring some kind of liquid onto it from a bottle.

‘Time to go home,’ he said as he
clamped it over her nose and mouth. ‘I’m sure we’ll met again.’

Slipping rapidly from consciousness,
Jenna managed to direct a couple of choice swearwords at him before she passed
out.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Awaking in her bed again, muzzy headed
from the anaesthetic, Jenna thought to herself that this really had to stop
happening.

Remembering last time, she quickly threw
back the covers and checked her body for more messages written in permanent
marker. There was nothing, thank god. But there was something round her neck…

Staggering to the mirror, Jenna faced
her reflection with a look of horror. Buckled round her neck was a thin, black
leather collar with a silver buckle. The buckle was padlocked shut.

What was he trying to turn her into?
Some kind of kinky slave who would succumb to his every whim? Just as Jenna’s
self righteous ire welled up, she had a sudden image flash into her mind of
herself bound in Rob’s warehouse, fucked by four strangers, and enjoying every
second, much against her conscience… She shook her head violently, refusing to
give in to it, and went to work on the collar.

Nothing would remove it, at least not
without taking her head with it. Giving up finally, with tired arms and a sore
neck, she stepped into the shower and prepared to start the day.

Jenna, a successful investigate
journalist, believed Councillor Jones was coordinating a election rigging
conspiracy to get himself re-elected and thus not have anyone find out about his
embezzlement and countenancing of illegal chemical dumping in a nearby river.
She had also found out in the course of her researches – or at least thought
she had – that Rob Fletcher was in on the conspiracy.

No matter how tight he tied her, she was
not going to give up her story. She was adamant.

She’d exhausted every lead and still
needed proof of Rob’s involvement to close the circle and publish with
confidence. What she needed was an interview with him, but he’d already proved
he was not to be trusted.

She spent two days looking for the ideal
venue. When she found it, she rang Rob’s office and left a message telling him
where to meet her. She wasn’t sure he would come, but it was worth trying.

She’d found an old warehouse that had
a secure metal grill dividing the room in two. It could be rolled back, but
tonight it was locked firmly in place. Rob had been told to enter on the left
hand side. Jenna, safe on the right hand side, would be able to make her escape
easily should he try to reach her.

She wore a scarf to cover the collar
locked round her neck.

At ten pm, he arrived, and walked slowly
into his half of the room, an expression of curiosity on his face. Jenna
shivered, remembering the things he had done to her, but stood firm. It was her
turn to be in control.

‘Afraid I might try something?’ he
asked in an amused tone. Jenna raised a cynical eyebrow.

‘I assume you invited me here for a
reason,’ he continued. ‘By the way, the scarf suits you.’ He flashed her a
wicked grin.

Unconsciously, Jenna put a hand up to
her throat and scowled at him. ‘All my information still points to you being
the lynch pin of this operation. I’m going to publish next week regardless of
what you say tonight, but I thought you might want to put your side of the
story.’

Rob looked resigned, and stepped
forwards to the metal grill. He rested his forehead against it.

‘As you may have heard me say before,
it’s not what you think.’

Jenna didn’t realise she was slowly
moving ever closer to the grill. ‘That’s not good enough,’ she replied.

‘Can you trust me when I say you might
do more damage than good if you publish?’ he asked.

Jenna gave a hollow laugh. ‘Trust you?
Not as far as I can throw you. You do recall the last three occasions we met…’
Her voice tailed off as Rob caught her eye and a moment of telepathic
communication told them they’d both enjoyed it.

‘You can trust me,’ said Rob,
holding out his hands through the grill.

Jenna couldn’t help herself. She was
too attracted to this intelligent, mysterious alleged villain to stay back.
Slowly, she stepped forwards and put her hands in his.

Rob pulled her arms gently up and out,
wrapping her hands round the metal grill and holding them firmly in place.
Stretched out against the vertical grill, standing on tip toe, Jenna was pressed
against Rob on the other side.

He bent his head, and kissed her through
the grill. If he wasn’t supporting her, she might have fallen, so intense was
the kiss.

‘I’m on your side,’ he said as he
released her, then turned towards the door.

Shaken, Jenna threw caution to the wind
and ran for her exit, racing round the building till she met him again in the
night air, heading for his car.

‘What do you mean?’ she said,
breathlessly. He paused, and looked at her.

‘Aren’t the facts capable of another
interpretation? One where I’m as involved as you think I am, but on your side?’

Jenna stared at him, her eyes slowly
drifting to his car. They focused on the registration plate, and light began to
dawn.

‘I’m sure you’ll work it out,’
he said. ‘But in the meantime, I can’t let you publish.’

‘You can’t stop me,’ she replied
vaguely, brain racing, trying to process the new information.

‘I beg to differ,’ he said, as his
henchman Paul clamped a hand over her mouth from behind and held her firmly.

Together, they stripped Jenna of all her
clothes apart from the collar. Fighting in the cold night air, Jenna didn’t
stand a chance against them. Paul kept his huge hand over her mouth so she
couldn’t call out. It was all falling into place now. It was the biggest scoop
of the century, and she was fighting for her freedom to publish in that Sunday’s
paper.

Rob locked metal handcuffs round her
wrists, in front of her, and wider cuffs round her ankles and knees. They’d
come prepared to abduct her, despite her precautions. As Paul pinched her nose,
she was forced to open her mouth for breath and Rob pushed a ballgag inside,
buckling it tight behind her head. Then Paul lifted her bodily and carried her
to the boot of Rob’s car.

Jenna began to struggle with renewed
vigour when she saw the crate inside. Wooden, with a couple of narrow holes
bored in the side for air, it was lined with thick felt and had a lid that lay
next to it on the floor of the boot. There was no mistaking its purpose. She
kicked and hit out but got nowhere. Paul held her over the crate as Rob fed her
cuffed legs inside and Paul lowered the rest of her slowly inside. Once her legs
were bent inside, she lost all purchase and couldn’t stop them folding the
rest of her body into the cramped space, pushing down on the top of her head,
and fixing the lid into place. The sound of a hammer and nails sealed Jenna’s
fate.

She was curled in a foetal position, her
body bent over her knees, her arms folded up close to her chest. The walls of
the crate pressed against her from all sides. She screamed in fury into the gag,
but all sounds were soon killed by the boot closing above her.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

They swung the crate out of the boot of
the car outside Rob’s home, a vast modernised farmhouse set in acres of
private land. As Paul manhandled it inside, Rob made a swift phone call to Jenna’s
editor. No, she wouldn’t be filing a story for this weekend’s paper. Yes,
appendicitis, it was a total surprise, but she’ll be better soon.

Paul drove off in the car as Rob went
inside and locked the door behind him.

He had to stop Jenna from publishing. If
she leaked what she knew, the consequences would be disastrous. He wouldn’t
normally use such means, but hey, she seemed to be enjoying it, beneath the
self-righteous indignation at being treated in such a way.

He hummed as he prised the lid off the
crate, which Paul had deposited in the cellar.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Jenna had had plenty of time to think
during the journey, at least when her mind was not entirely taken over by
alternating thoughts of anger and arousal.

Rob’s car
had government plates. He’d told her that he was involved in the election
conspiracy, but he was not the enemy. Eventually, a lightbulb flashed over the
crate where Jenna was chained up and nailed in. Of course. Long, long ago she’d
heard of a secret government organisation that existed to promote the interests
of democracy. When all other measures had failed, and there was no hard evidence
to convict the perpetrators of fraud, this secret group moved in undercover…
and brought down the conspiracy from within.

When she’d
first heard this, she’d naturally thought it was one of those urban myths. But
could it be true? It would certainly explain a lot. If it was true, then if she
published her story exposing Rob’s front – his company – as a
co-conspirator in the fraud, then she could have blown the operation sky high.

Proving the
existence of this secret organisation would be a scoop bigger than simple
electoral fraud. She knew now that Rob wouldn’t let the corrupt Councillor
Jones win the election. But she still had to publish… with her new story.

She thumped
the sides of the crate impotently, cursing Rob who had cuffed and packed her so
that she couldn’t reach her clitoris. The fact he was turning her on harder
than ever before with his antics only made her angrier.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

He wrapped
his arms securely round the cuffed and flailing woman inside the crate and
lifted her up and out. As she fought him, he could feel his erection rising, and
smell her own arousal. Oh, why couldn’t work and play combine like this every
day, he mused.

He had to
use all his strength to subdue her without hurting her, and got a thump round
the head from her cuffed hands for his pains. But soon he had her on the floor,
pinned down on her stomach, where he unlocked her wrist cuffs and relocked them
behind her back, intertwined with the chain from her ankle cuffs so she was
effectively hogtied.

He stood up,
breathing hard, and looked down at his naked captive. She glared murderously up
at him through dishevelled hair, the ball gag cutting off her torrent of abuse.

‘I had a
mind to leave you in that crate till Monday, so you just thank your lucky stars
I decided otherwise,’ he said.

He knelt
beside her and slipped one finger between her legs to feel the slick moisture
pooling there.

‘Just as I
thought,’ he murmured. ‘Now you have a choice. If you behave yourself till
Monday and promise to never reveal what you know once I release you, I’ll let
you come. More than once. But if you are disobedient you’ll be kept locked up
with no relief for the next 3 days, and not released until you sign a
confidentiality agreement. Understand?’

Jenna
nodded.

‘So what’s
it to be? You can see I’m not going to let you publish, now or ever. So would
you prefer the easy way or the hard way?’ He gently rubbed her clitoris till
she groaned into her gag. ‘Just imagine, you could come right now if you agree
to do it my way.’

Jenna closed
her eyes and thought hard as he slowly unbuckled her gag. Heavens, how she
wanted to come, right now… and the thought of spending 3 days here with him
playing kinky games was intensely appealing. But she was a journalist. She
couldn’t just sit on the story. And once she gave her word, she’d be bound
by it – she wasn’t one to break her promises.

Reluctantly
she decided she’d have to wait him out. He couldn’t keep her imprisoned here
for ever… Eventually, he’d give in and she’d be free to publish.

As the ball
gag popped out from between her teeth, she forced her strained mouth to form
words.

‘You can’t
beat me,’ she whispered. He held her gaze for a minute, then shrugged.

‘I beg to
differ,’ he replied, and stood up.

Desperate to
come, trembling with anticipation, Jenna waited hogtied on the floor for his
next move.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

He left her
several hours later, on his way to bed.

Jenna wouldn’t
be getting much sleeping done. She stood in the middle of the cellar floor, in
the dark since he’d turned off the light. There were no windows, so she had no
sense of time passing.

Her feet
were squeezed into stiff, black leather boots with heels so high she was
practically on her tiptoes. They laced tightly up, holding her ankles stiff and
steady.

Her legs
were welded together by supple leather straps that were buckled tightly at 3
inch intervals all the way up to her bottom, digging in to her flesh. They held
her upright to a metal pole that ran from floor to ceiling.

A crotch
strap ran between her legs, which was attached to her corset. The strap held two
massive, metal objects inside her. Not vibrators; just inert objects, filling
and stretching her wide.

The corset
itself was thick and boned with metal. It ran from the top of her hips up to the
base of her breasts, which were bound with black rope so that they swelled up,
round and red, above her constricted hourglass waist. More straps held her torso
to the pole. Her hard nipples were clamped with metal.

Her arms
were pinioned back behind the pole by a binder that drew her elbows together.
Her hands were trapped in leather mittens and were balled into fists by
strategically placed buckles.

Her neck was
surrounded by a stiff posture collar that held her head up high. Her face was
hidden beneath a gleaming, soft leather hood that melded to every contour. The
only holes were by her nostrils, and at the top of her head where her pony tail
emerged and was knotted round the pole. An inflatable gag filled her mouth.

She stood
motionless, the only sign of life the rise and fall of her bound breasts as she
struggled to breath deeply against the corset. Inside, her muscles clamped down
on the invaders buried deep within her and she prayed for release – sexual,
not physical. He still hadn’t let her come, though she’d been so close at
times as he’d dressed and bound her so carefully. How on earth was she going
to survive the next three days without giving in?

[Continued
in Part Three](conspiracy3.html)

25.04.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!

story continues in [**Conspiracy 3**](conspiracy3.html)

o0o
