---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/jenkas_kidnapping3.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Jenka's Kidnapping 3
authors:
- Sabina
tags:
- MM/f
- bond
- latex
- toys
- sci-fi
- fur
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Jenka's Kidnapping 2**](jenkas_kidnapping2.html))_

_**Part 3**_

_Jenka moaned softly through the
ring gag, her muscular sleek thighs tensed, trembling. She had been removed from
the tub some time ago, separated from sabina and brought here. She had no idea
where here was, but it had a bed, a soft bed covered with sleek latex sheeting.
Her captors had strapped her shorts off and added a TIGHT leather corset.
Cinching down her already narrow waist until breathing became difficult. Forced
down onto the bed her wrists had been un-bound. Arms cramped and weak from hours
of bondage she had no chance of fighting as the bound her arms to the foot board_

_Arms laid out along the thick
oaken pole that was the cross piece of the foot board, just slightly below the
level of the bed itself. Thick leather cuffs and heavy straps secure her arms at
wrist, above and below her elbows and just below the shoulder to the thick
unbreakable pole. Arms spread cruciform style. Another strap was wrapped over
her blindfold, then under the post and around her throat. Head forced back as
the strap was tightened, tensing to hard would cause the strap to dig into her
throat and make breathing even more difficult. It was not dangerous, but it
definitely added to the intense strain of the bondage. Jenka moaned through the
ring gag as a huge pair of hands found her large breasts, teasing the stiff
nipples. She trembled and shuddered at the teasing as thick chains were run
locked to D rings attached to the corset just above her hips. The chains were
locked to the feet at the head of the bed, pulled tight to limit her ability to
arch her hips up, but the worst part was coming still._

_A thick cuff around each ankle
and more chains, this time pulling up and back. Jenka tensed and strained,
forcing four of her captors to work to complete the bondage. Lifting her legs
up, back and out, spreading wider and wider. Sleek muscled legs stretched back,
arching her hips until the chains from the corset grew taut as bow strings. Hips
bending, knees locked straight. Up more and more until finally the chains were
locked to heavy rings embedded in the top of the tall oaken posts._

_A pair of massive hands caresses
Jenka's head and ears almost gently as William's voice whispered into her ear.
"I hope you're comfortable Jenka... You are going to be here for quite
awhile."_

_Jenka tensed as someone climbed
into the bed, a soft tickle begin to itch and tease, a feather. Teasing just
around her slit, slow maddening circles. She swallowed, snorting in a deep
breath through her nose and moaning softly. She would not give in, she would not
whimper and mew like some needy little slut for these bastards. Her hands
alternately balled into fists and splayed out, looking for some gap so mistake
they had made so she could escape. There was none. The feather teased a little
lower drawing a low growl and sharp hiss from Jenka. Her tormentor chuckled,
only teasing her there, knowing that she would not tolerate any penetrations
down there. A huge tongue caressed over her slit, parting her slick labia
gently._

_Jenka moaned out without
thinking, the moans changing pitch as hands found her breasts again. Someone was
kneeling above her head on the floor. Huge thick fingers caressed her head,
throat and breasts softly. William and Mark were going to make her enjoy this
one way or another. The sharp bite of an ice cube teasing around her ass at
first, coming close but never touching, then along her left labia, then the
right. Circling her budding clit. Another huge tongue teased her ear for a
moment, then took her ring gagged mouth in a searing kiss._

_Jenka tensed and arched the tiny
bit she could, panting sharply. Her slit was soaked, the teasing was beyond
maddening and terribly skilled. That damn feather was back, before the bite of
the ice could turn to numbness the stiff prickly feather was teasing her again.
Jenka whimpered as a gentle padded set of clips bit down on her nipples. Just
hard enough to make them ache a little. A thick cock brushed her lips smearing
pre-come over them as Mark chuckled._

_"Don't enjoy this too much
Jenka.. we might decide you are better off as our slave.."_

_Jenka muffled reply was cut short
as the thick cock slid into her mouth. Slowly claiming her throat. Jenka suckled
softly, trying to tease her captors in kind. But the sensations were too
intense. she could feel herself slipping away. Since there was no way to avoid
it, perhaps she should just enjoy the ride for now. Arching back and suckling
her erstwhile Master as the other teased her mercilessly. Time dragged by, Mark
and William changed places, vibrators slid into Jenka teasingly only to pull
away again. Both captors would suckle on her nipples, those thick rough fingers
finding every place on Jenka's body that she liked to be touched._

_The leather restraints creaked as
Jenka strained and shuddered. Moaning, then whimpering and eventually even
squealing, pleading through the ring gag for orgasm. In the back of her mind
Jenka chuckled at herself, 'I'm almost as bad as sabina' she thought. Wondering
for a moment where her slave was, and what the rest of this group might be doing
to her._

_Jenka squirmed helplessly as her
captors rose from the bed, both of them damp with sweat and panting. They had
used her mouth again and again, never letting her taste the sweet bliss she so
frantically needed. With a chuckled William glanced at Mark "I don't know
about you, but I could use a shower and a beer."_

_Mark grinned and nodded
"Don't go away Jenka my sweet.. We'll be back, eventually..."_

_Turning the two of them left the
chamber, closing the door and locking it securely from the outside, Jenka
squirmed a little and then surrendered to the strictness of her bondage. Eyes
closed under the blindfold, furr sleek with sweat. The latex under her puddled
with her arousal, she could still taste them in her mouth. Breathing slowing
little by little she began to map out in her mind, exactly what she was going to
do to those two, if she ever got loose._

_to be continued in part four_

_02.08.06_

_If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!_

_story continues in [**Jenka's Kidnapping 4**](jenkas_kidnapping4.html)

o0o
