---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiessz/snowbound14.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: 'Snowbound 14: Spring Fever'
authors:
- sfmaster@att.net
tags:
- F+/ff
- D/s
- mansion
- maids
- latex
- basement
- dungeon
- cell
- collar
- cuffs
- naked
- bond
- susp
- bdsm
- crop
- whip
- pain
- torment
- reversal
- cons
- XX
date: 2016-07-01 00:00:00
---

story continued from [part 13](snowbound13.html)

**Chapter 14: Spring Fever**

The deep snows of the rural Pennsylvania winter had now given way to spring, and the view from outside the picture window was now a riot of green!

Springtime was the season of renewal, and Cassandra looked out of her bedroom window and reflected on how her brush with death had instead resulted in new life as bondage companion for Beth!

Previously, she has just experimented as a submissive, not certain if she wanted to that lifestyle. But she had entered Beth’s house in a winter blizzard, and her life was now transformed!

She could now take the whip or the lash without effort on her part, enjoying the pain it generated as it struck her naked flesh!

Today was going to be an important day in her submission, as Beth had scheduled a meeting for all concerned!

Beth, Mistress Allison, Kate, and Cassandra all gathered in the Library for a special meeting. Kate had set out coffee and cookies, and they all had helped themselves before the meeting had begun.

“I’ve called this meeting,” Beth began, “because spring has arrived, and I have a decision to make. Winter here in the Pennsylvania countryside has been great, because it brought Cassandra to us. However, now that the seasons have changed, I have to move on.”

Cassandra was suddenly worried! Did this mean that Beth was going to shut her House of Bondage down?

“Besides this house, I have a Mansion outside of Chicago. I now have to relocate there, to be closer to my business holdings. If I can modify the Mansion to include a basement jail cell, we can continue there. Would you all like to join me in Chicago?” asked Beth.

There were no dissenting votes!

\*\*\*

Money can buy anything, including silence! The Chicago Mansion was quietly modified to accommodate Beth’s special needs.

The bedrooms were equipped with hidden rings in the walls to chain Beth and Cassandra. The basement, behind a hidden wall, now had a fully equipped Bondage Playroom, along with two jail cells.

Beth always suspected that she was not alone in her Bondage lifestyle. She wondered just how many other Chicago Mansions hid secrets.

The lakeside city of Chicago, after all, had been the center of smuggling and illicit liquor during Prohibition. There had been smuggling, bathtub gin, prostitution, even a liquor pipeline into the windy city!

“Wow!” said Cassandra, “I can’t believe I’m living in a Mansion like this!” she said as she threw herself onto the large bed.

“Yes, the rich are different than you and me,” Kate replied.

Cassandra then reached up a hidden panel above her bed, and exposed the ring-bolt by which she could be chained up during the night!

“We’re still submissives,” said Cassandra.

“Just wait until you’ve seen the new Playroom; maybe Dungeon is the better word!” Kate observed.

“Well, I won’t take a look until Mistress Allison gives us permission, of course. Remember what happened last time!”

“Mistress Allison could put us BOTH on the horse, then.”

“She still hasn’t put me on the rack, yet!” complained Cassandra.

“Are you that anxious to be tortured?” Kate asked.

“Somewhat,” Cassandra answered.

“Maybe you really are a painslut after all!” Kate suggested, “anyway, Beth and Mistress Allison want to see us now that we’ve settled in.”

“It’s going to take me weeks to settle in!” Cassandra replied.

\*\*\*

Mistress Allison and Beth were working together on the Library PC when Kate and Cassandra knocked to enter.

“Come in!” Mistress Allison ordered.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Please sit down.”

They both did so and waited in silence.

“I trust that you both have settled into your new rooms,” Beth began.

“Yes, ma’am,” they both answered.

“Good. They are to your liking, I hope!”

“Yes, ma’am.”

“Excellent. Kate, your duties will be as before, except that since the Mansion is bigger than the house, you’ll need some help. Cassandra, your new job will be to assist Kate in running the house! You will be doing whatever household duties are required: dusting; vacuuming; laundry; etc.”

“Yes, ma’am,” they both answered.

“You will, of course, be subject to discipline from Mistress Allison at all times, so I suggest that you’re on your best behavior!”

“Yes, ma’am.”

“Sorry, Cassandra, but they’ll be less time for you in the ‘O’ dress and more time in a Maid’s uniform,” said Beth.

“I understand, Beth.”

“Good. The new and improved Playroom will of course be Mistress Allison’s responsibility, and I’m sure that we’ll be feeling the lash there very soon!”

“Yes, you will!” said Mistress Allison, “during the moving process you have all escaped the lash. Now that we are here in the Mansion, that will change!”

“Yes, Mistress,” Beth, Kate and Cassandra all said in unison.

“The house is surrounded by a wall with an electronic security system, my parents being paranoids who believed that the Communists were going to invade from the Soviet Union! This means that in summer, you walk outside nude, as I have done on many occasions!”

“Wow!” exclaimed Cassandra.

“There is also an outside heated pool that we can swim in naked as well. We’ll be taking advantage of that in the summer.”

“I’ve always dreamed of living in a Mansion,” said Cassandra.

“Just be glad you don’t have to pay the taxes or upkeep on your new home,” Beth replied.

“Sorry!”

“That’s all right, Cassandra. I’m sure that Mistress Allison will be punishing you for your outburst.”

“Yes, ma’am!”

“It also meant the construction of an especially large basement, part of which I have converted into our new Playroom - which I think that we should all visit, given the situation!”

Beth and Mistress Allison had supervised the construction of the Playroom, and they stood up together to lead the way!

They all entered the elevator, and descended down to the basement. Exiting the elevator was what looked like a normal den, complete with big screen TV and pool table! Beth opened the door to the utility room, showing the heating and cooling systems and laundry room.

Behind a false panel, however, was a locked door, and Beth produced a key to open it - and beyond, was a Dungeon, not a Playroom!

Cassandra gasped at the jail cells, the rack, “X” frame, horse, and small cage! She inspected the rack full of whips, crops, and floggers!

“May I?” she asked Mistress Allison.

“You have my permission.”

Cassandra picked up the coiled Black leather whip, and held the oiled leather in her hands. Was this the object that had given her such pain and pleasure?

“Is that your favorite?” asked Mistress Allison.

“Yes, Mistress,” Cassandra answered quickly.

“Then I shall have to use it on you tonight, then, to inaugurate the new Dungeon!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

Seeing all of the instruments of her torment again made Cassandra’s nipples harden with excitement, and she knew that she was wet between her legs! It seemed strange to be wearing a top and jeans, not her ‘O’ dress and collar!

Cassandra walked amongst the Playroom, touching the very things that were designed to make a naked girl scream, but that did not trouble her! She was long used to the lifestyle of submission that she has chosen, and she felt herself more a slave than a submissive!

“Tomorrow when we clean the Playroom and all the toys, I’ll make you clean the whip,” said Kate.

“Why?”

“Because that seems to be your favorite instrument, that’s why!” Kate answered.

“Sure!”

Cassandra, had, of course, cleaned and oiled the whip many times before. Just as she had felt it’s sting many times as well!

What she really wanted to do was to hold it in her hands, and run the sinuous coils over her breasts and inhale the heady scent of the oiled leather in her nostrils! Just the thought of doing that made her ache with desire for the lash!

It was most definitely a strange tour, and Cassandra hated to see it end! She would rather have stripped naked and be locked in the cell, instead of having to go upstairs again!

When they were all seated back in the Library, Beth began to speak again!

“Kate, you’ll be responsible for the Mansion, just as you were for the house in the country. Cassandra will now be assisting you, and if she gives you any trouble, you may discipline her yourself, or refer the matter to Mistress Allison.”

“Yes, ma’am.”

“This will, of course, give you the right to use her at any time, but I don’t want you to take advantage of the situation! So no flogging her when chores have to be done, nor bedding her when you should be attending to the Mansion! There will be plenty of time for you two girls to have fun, without impacting on the household schedule!” said Beth.

“Yes, ma’am!” Kate replied.

Cassandra reflected on the fact that when Beth talked of “girls having fun” that meant her receiving either the crop or the whip! But that was the choice that she had made!

“The mansion also has an advantage that the Pennsylvania house did not have,” stated Beth, “Valerie will not be able to barge in like she did before! So I will have no worries about her suddenly appearing out of the blue and cuffing herself in the Library!”

“Has Valerie called you since that day?” asked Cassandra.

“That is between me and Valerie, Cassandra. That is none of your affair,” Beth answered curtly.

Money is thicker than water, thought Cassandra! The rich are different than anyone else!

“All right then, we all understand our respective positions in our new living arrangements!” said Beth.

“Yes, ma’am,” said Beth and Kate.

“Today is a special day, so Mistress Allison will be supervising you both. I’m going to change into my “O” dress and collar, and you two as Latex Maids. We’re going to have a nice day, won’t we, Mistress Allison?” asked Beth.

“Yes, we will, Beth,” Mistress Allison coolly replied.

\*\*\*

Once again, Cassandra found herself wearing her Black Latex Maid’s uniform (meaning that whatever tasks she undertook had to be done with the utmost care - lest she rip the latex!); a corset, black latex stockings and gloves, corset, and headpiece! Her feet were locked into a pair of black matching four inch high heels, so she was dressed in black from head to foot! She admired herself in the mirror, and thought that she looked perfect for a part in an Adult DVD!

“Vogueing?” asked Mistress Allison.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“How do you feel dressed as a Latex Maid?”

“Sexy, Mistress!” Cassandra replied.

“Now I’m going to make you feel even more sexy!” said Mistress Allison.

The harness that was buckled around her waist this time had an important difference from the others: it could be opened and closed by Cassandra when she used the bathroom; so that she didn’t need to bother Mistress Allison when nature called!

What it did require was the use of a special key that was attached to a small chain next to the toilet! The harness had to be closed around her sex before she could remove the key, so Cassandra would be kept in a state of sexual stimulation all the time!

Cassandra discovered that the thing had a clit stimulator that was going to keep her hot and bothered all the time she wore it!

Once Mistress Allison had demonstrated the harness in the bathroom to Cassandra, she had smiled in amusement as Cassandra used the key to unlock the strap between her loins, then close it again, and remove the key!

“Fiendish, isn’t it?” questioned Mistress Allison.

“Yes, Mistress! I can see that I’m going to be hot all day!” Cassandra replied.

“Enjoy yourself!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

\*\*\*

Cassandra then spent the day assisting Kate, learning her housekeeping duties as well as exploring the size of the Mansion.

She gasped at the size of the house, as well as from the erotic torment that the harness around her loins generated!

“I’m glad I’m not buckled into that thing,” commiserated Kate, “but I’m sure that I will be eventually.”

“I’d rather be whipped,” Cassandra replied, “at least there’s an end to it.”

“Well, you’ll get your wish this evening. Mistress Allison plans to have something special for you and Beth tonight.”

“I can’t wait!” Cassandra replied, “Ooooooooh!” she moaned as another orgasm crashed through her!

“Charming!” declared Kate, knowing full well that she might be forced to wear that harness next!

\*\*\*

Cassandra kept an uneasy eye turned to the clock! Every tick brought her closer to whatever Mistress Allison was planning for the evening; as well as her freedom from the damned harness!

Mistress Allison had not forbidden her from reaching orgasm, indeed that was impossible with the clit stimulator inside her! Rather Cassandra’s problem was in NOT reaching orgasm!

After a day of erotic torment, dinner was cooked and served (Cassandra served Beth in the dining room, with Beth attired in her “O” dress); Kate and Cassandra ate together in the kitchen.

“What do you think Mistress Allison will do tonight?” Cassandra asked.

“That’s difficult to say,” said Kate, “but I have a pretty good idea.”

“What would that be?”

“Either you’re going to whip Beth, or she’s going to whip you, or both!” Kate answered.

“What makes you say that?”

“Well, you two are the only ones who haven’t had a go at each other yet, so that leaves only my idea!” Kate observed.

“Me! Whip my employer?”

“You’re a submissive, remember? You have to obey Mistress Allison’s orders! Beth will whip you, if ordered, and you’ll whip her. Just the same way with me, and I won’t resent you for it. It’s all part of your being a submissive!”

“I’ve never Dominated anyone before!” Cassandra protested.

“Hasn’t Mistress Allison been teaching you how to use the riding crop and whip on pillows lately?” asked Beth.

“Yes! How did you know? She ordered me to keep it a secret!” expressed an astonished Cassandra.

“Actually, every submissive gets trained that way! When the time comes, you’ll know how to discipline another female!”

“Oh!” Cassandra exclaimed.

“Besides, you’ve been under that lash all the time. It’s time that you held the handle for once!”

“Have you whipped other girls?” Cassandra asked.

“Sure, lots of times! You’ll be presented with that choice many times, and you’ll learn to give the whip yourself - rather than get whipped yourself!” Kate calmly explained.

The lash was now indeed Cassandra’s constant companion!

\*\*\*

It was now the evening, and finally Cassandra was relieved of the hated harness she had worn all day that her kept her sexually excited! She was finally glad to be rid of the thing between her legs, especially the clit stimulator!

But that meant that another phase of her life as a submissive was about to begin, one that she looked forward to with bated breath!

Since Mistress Allison liked her girls clean and fresh for their sessions, it was Kate who performed the ablution of her body! Cassandra was bathed and then perfumed Cassandra between her legs, and her aureole were rouged along with her lips! Then her hair was done, and she looked at herself in the mirror!

“I wish I looked this good when I was dating,” said Cassandra, “thank you!”

“I’ll bet that when you were dating, the goal was to get laid, not whipped!” said Kate.

“You’d be right!”

Cassandra was then collared one again, and her wrists and ankles bore the familiar leather and steel bondage bracelets. Her only clothing was to be a pair of high heels, that were soon locked upon her feet!

“Hands behind your back,” Kate ordered.

Still seated on the dressing chair in front of the makeup table and mirror, Cassandra did as she was told! Kate then locked her wrists together, making Cassandra a prisoner once again!

Then she produced a red rubber ball-gag, and Cassandra obligingly opened her mouth to facilitate Kate as she buckled it closed at the back of her neck!

Finally, Kate produced a blindfold, cutting off Cassandra’s sight! She was now totally helpless.

Cassandra guessed when Kate attached a leash to her collar, and she felt a chain fall between her breasts and a leather loop between her legs!

“Looks like the package is ready for delivery!” said Kate.

“Mmmmmmmph!”

“Silence slave. You know this is what you want,” said Kate, “now stand up and I’ll lead you, walk straight and carefully and I won’t let you fall. You’re valuable merchandise, after all!”

“Mmmmmmmph!” was all that Cassandra could manage!

Cassandra obediently followed behind Kate, there was little else that she could do in her bound condition! They rode the elevator downstairs, and entered the secret Dungeon together, but of course Cassandra did not see any of this, because she was blindfolded!

She next heard the familiar sounds of a cell door opening, of steel on steel! Her leash and blindfold were removed, and she was pushed into a cell which was occupied by a similarly bound Beth!

They both stared at each other, their mouths filled with red rubber balls and held in place by black leather straps!

All they could do was to stare at the other, looking at their bound femininity!

“Mmmmmmmph!”

“Mmmmmmmmph!”

Their staring match was suddenly interrupted from outside the bars of their locked cell!

“Beth and Cassandra have been prepared according to your orders, Mistress!” announced Kate.

Both had been so engrossed in the sight of the other they had failed to notice as Mistress Allison had entered the dungeon, clad in her Catsuit and boots, for the first time!

“Thank you, Kate. You have done very well, indeed!”

“You’re welcome, Mistress!”

“I have had you make our charges pretty this night for a truly special occasion: the proper inauguration of this new Dungeon, provided by our submissive hostess, Beth!

“Mmmmmmmph!”

“Silence, Beth. You know I always give credit where credit is due!” said Mistress Allison.

All Beth could do was to glare at her in gagged silence!

“Ever since we moved into the house I’ve been considering the problem of how to properly inaugurate our new Dungeon! The quandary that I have faced is that I’m too good a Mistress!”

Both occupants of the cell stared at Mistress Allison, the halogen lights reflecting off her stunning black Catsuit that hugged every curve of her beautiful female body!

“You have both been well trained to be in bondage, to take the paddle, crop, whip, and flogger! Both of you have learned that pain and pleasure are two sides of the same coin!”

“Therefore I have decided that one of you should have the opportunity to Dominate the other, with Kate assisting as Maid!”

“Mmmmmmmph!” Beth squealed into her ball-gag!

Cassandra could not betray the fact that Kate had suggested what might happen because the gag had removed that possibility!

On the raised dais where Mistress Allison had her throne was a box! Mistress Allison then clicked her heels over to the dais, stepped up, and removed the box!

“Here is a deck of cards, the same one that Kate uses to play Solitaire almost every day! Even though she has a PC of her own, complete with games on it, she still insists on playing with cards. Isn’t that true, Kate?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Why do you still play with cards?”

“Habit, Mistress.”

“Old habits die hard, and I have to agree that playing on a computer isn’t the same thing as using a real deck!”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“I have here a card sorter. Just so that there are no accusations of cheating, Kate will now divide the deck in two and sort the cards three times! Kate, you may proceed!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

Kate, in her stunning Latex Maid’s uniform joined Mistress Allison on the dais! She then cut the cards, placed half on each side of the sorter, and let the machine sort the deck. This she performed three times!

“I think that the cards are well sorted, don’t you agree, Kate?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Good. I want to unlock their hands, and then offer the deck to our contestants! High card wins!”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“And you may remove their gags also, but leave them locked around their necks!”

“Yes, Mistress.”

Kate then opened the cell and did as she was instructed! Both Cassandra and Beth were soon freed of their gags, and their wrists were unlocked from behind their backs!

They were then offered the deck, and each chose a single card! Neither betrayed any emotion as they viewed what card they had chosen!

“All right girls, let’s see what you have?” asked Mistress Allison.

Beth showed her card, which was the eight of spades! But then Cassandra showed hers, which was the ten of diamonds!

Cassandra had won!

“Very good, Cassandra. You have won the luck of the draw,” said Mistress Allison, “Beth, do you accept the draw?”

“Yes, Mistress!”

“Very well then. Cassandra, you can’t be expected to dominate Beth here collared as a submissive. Kate will dress you in something more fitting for your first chance at the top.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Remember, clothing makes the woman!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

\*\*\*

“Thanks for not betraying my guess about tonight’s scene back in the cell,” said Kate as she and Cassandra were alone together back upstairs.

“How could I betray you? I had a ball gag in my mouth!” asked Cassandra.

“Still, you did very good!”

“I was naked, bound and gagged! Hardly in a position to reveal the contents of our conversation!”

“Well, at least I was right,” said Kate, “now you’ve got a chance to use your employer!”

“What if I refuse?” Cassandra asked.

“Mistress Allison will whip both of you harshly,” Kate cautioned, “because you will have disobeyed her commands.”

“Oh,” Cassandra, “I understand. Either I whip Beth, or we both get whipped!”

“Exactly!”

“And if Beth won, then she would have the right to punish me!”

“Exactly! Remember, your body does not belong to you. It belong to Mistress Allison. If she decides that one of her submissives is to discipline or bed the other, then that’s her right!”

“So Beth won’t object if I flog her?”

“No! Enough talk - I had better get you dressed and back downstairs, or else I’ll be the one under the lash,” said Kate.

“Okay!” Cassandra agreed.

When they returned to the Dungeon, Cassandra was now dressed for her new dominant role!

She had lost her collar and bracelets, and Kate had dressed her in a PVC bodysuit; boots; and gloves! A belt around her waist was the perfect accessory to her new outfit!

“Welcome back, Cassandra. You left here a submissive, and have returned as a Dominatrix. Excellent! Your new attire suits you very well!”

“Thank you, Mistress!” Cassandra replied.

“I have to dress you more in leather and latex more often. It suits you very well indeed!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

“Enough compliments! Onto business! Beth has been obediently waiting for you in the cell while you’ve been changing. She’s all yours!”

“Thank you, Mistress!”

“Kate is for you to command, and I shall sit on my throne and watch you in action! Just don’t damage the goods!”

“Yes, thank you Mistress!”

“Go!”

“Kate, open the cell door and bring Beth to me!”

“Yes, Mistress,” said Kate.

Cassandra watched as Mistress Allison withdrew to sit in her throne on the dais, and Kate went to get her bondage victim!

“Beth, are you prepared to accept my discipline?” asked Cassandra.

“Yes, Mistress!”

“Then I want you to go the rack and select the instrument you want to be punished with, and Kate will hang you from the ceiling.”

“Yes, Mistress,” Beth obediently answered.

Cassandra then felt an incredible surge of power. Could this really be what it was like to be a Dominatrix? To have a submissive obey your orders and accept your discipline? She would have to ask Kate about that, since she was far more experienced than she!

Beth walked slowly over to the rack and examined all of the items displayed, as if she were looking at a selection of purses at Macy’s!

Finally, she decided on a riding crop, and knelt before Cassandra.

“I choose the riding crop, Mistress,” said Beth as she proffered the crop to Cassandra.

Cassandra took the riding crop in her hands, and flexed it to confirm her new power! She reflected that she would soon be oiling it herself, when it would be used on her own naked body!

“A good choice, Beth! I’ll make you feel both pleasure and pain with the crop!”

“Yes, Mistress, thank you!”

“Kate, you may hang Kate from the ceiling. She has an appointment with the crop!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

Kate already had the spreader bars ready, and Cassandra watched as she locked them onto Beth’s wrists and ankles. Once they were secured, Beth walked over to a control on the wall, and soon Beth was hanging from the ceiling in the shape of an “X”; naked, exposed, and vulnerable!

“Beth, could you have imagined that you would be the first person used in your new bondage Dungeon, in your very own Mansion?” asked Cassandra.

“No, Mistress!” Beth answered.

“Do you think that it is fitting that you should be the first submissive used here?”

“Yes, Mistress!”

“Good, for I shall make you scream!”

“Thank you, Mistress!”

Cassandra placed the tip of folded leather at the end of the crop under Beth’s chin to menace her! She remembered how Mistress Allison did this to her every time she was helpless and naked!

“Do you know what the riding crop can do to a naked girl?” asked Cassandra.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Do you really want me to use this on you?”

“Yes, Mistress, please?” Beth begged.

“Then I shall accede to your wish!”

Cassandra stood back, flexed the crop in her gloved hands, and delivered the first stroke!

“Aaaaaah!” Beth cried out when her right breast was struck!

Cassandra then circled around her bound victim, and next landed a stroke on Beth’s bottom!

“AaaaaaaH!”

Then it was her thigh that felt the kiss of leather!

“Aaaaaaah!”

“I don’t want you to count the strokes, Beth. Just experience them!”

Slap! Slap! Slap!

With each stroke of the crop, Beth would emit a cry, sometimes faint, other times strong as Cassandra varied the intensity of her strokes!

No part of Beth’s female anatomy was exempt from the crop! Cassandra remembered how Mistress Allison had used the crop on her, and she sought to use it on Beth the same way!

Slap! Slap! Slap!

Cassandra wished that Beth had chosen the crop that had the broad leather pad at it’s tip! This one just had a small loop of leather, and was intended to inflict more pain on it’s victim!

Was that what Beth had deliberately intended by her choice?

That she wanted Cassandra to hurt her in some way?

Cassandra then stopped striking Beth with the crop, and pressed it’s tip between her breasts!

“Is this what you want?” asked Cassandra.

“Yes, Mistress!”

“You have such pretty breasts, Beth. I loved that night when we made love, sucking on them, pinching your nipples!”

“Thank you, Mistress!”

Cassandra reached out with one gloved hand and pinched Beth’s erect right nipple!

“Owwwww!” Beth cried out.

Cassandra now felt suddenly more powerful in her new position! She was now the one in charge!

“Are you wet? Does punishment make you wet with desire?” Cassandra demanded of her captive.

“Yes, Mistress!” Beth cried out in response.

Cassandra then pressed the leather loop deep into Beth’s moist passage, making her flinch as it invaded her most female place!

“Aaaaaaaah!” Beth cried.

“As a submissive in your house, I have learned the lessons of both pleasure and pain, Beth. And now I can return the favor!” said Cassandra.

“Aaaaaaah!”

The tip of the riding crop had found Beth’s clit, as was now stimulating her in ways that she had not expected!

Cassandra now withdrew the crop, the tip of which was coated with Beth’s female secretions!

She presented the tip to Beth, who did not need to be told to clean it of her juices!

“What a mess you’ve made,” Cassandra complained, “once you’ve cleaned the tip, I’ll have to find something else to use on you!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

Suddenly Cassandra was plagued by indecision! Now that she could not use the crop on Beth, what was she supposed to do?

Once Cassandra saw that Beth had cleaned the tip, she handed the crop to Kate.

“We’ll have to clean the cop of her secretions,” Cassandra ordered.

“Yes, Mistress.”

With her gloved left hand Cassandra reached out and pinched Beth’s left nipple!

“Owwwww!” Beth cried.

“That was for spoiling the riding crop!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

Cassandra then walked over to the rack, looked over all of the other instruments, and chose the leather whip that she had handled on her visit to the Dungeon earlier that day!

With it coiled in her fingers, she placed it under Beth’s chin.

“I’m going to punish you for soiling the crop!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

“The whip is one of my favorite things. I hope that you enjoy it also!”

Cassandra stood back, and cracked the whip three times in the air!

She then offered the handle to Beth, who kissed it without question!

“I’m going to do terrible thing to you, Beth!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

“Aaaaaah!” Beth moaned as the whip struck at her thigh!

“Aaaaaaaah!” The whip snapped across her bottom, leaving a red stripe that would last for days!

“Aaaaaaah!” Beth’s sensitive underarm skin was now the target of the lash!

When Mistress Allison had begun to teach Cassandra how to use the whip and the crop, she could not understand why! After all, she was a dedicated submissive, and she thought that she would never hold the handle of any of these instruments, except to present them to her Mistress!

But now it was Cassandra in control, and she felt a strange feeling of power surge through her that she had never felt before!

Her entire body, her whole psyche, had come alive when she began to use the whip on Beth!

She circled around Beth, delivering one stroke after another! Most times, they reached their goal: sometimes she missed!

But on the whole, she had learned her lessons well from Mistress Allison.

After all, how many times had she screamed while under the lash herself?

“Aaaaaiiieee!” Beth screamed when the whip landed between her legs, onto her pussy.

Cassandra then toned down the strength of her strokes! This was simply too good to stop! She didn’t want it to end too soon - in fact, she never wanted it to end!

One stroke after another landed on Beth’s naked and exposed body, except for the body areas that Mistress Allison had said were off limits!

Cassandra was sure that Beth would use her safeword when her breasts and pussy were struck multiple times, but she remained silent!

She then glanced at Mistress Allison, who stared at her directly.

It was time to end Beth’s session with the whip!

Regretfully, Cassandra had not counted the number of strokes that she had inflicted upon her employer and bondage companion. She knew that a true Dominant would keep an exact count of what had been and strokes delivered to monitor a submissive’s progress!

“Kiss my whip,” said Cassandra.

“Yes, Mistress!”

Beth did as she was told, and she thanked Cassandra for the punishment that she had received!

Cassandra walked around Beth’s body, and marveled at the marks that she had placed there! She might not have crossed over to Dominance; but she had certainly experienced it for the first time!

“Kate?” Cassandra asked.

“Yes, Mistress!”

“I’d like Beth brought to my room later. I will have further need of her this evening!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

The End of Chapter Fourteen
