---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/bondage_reality2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Bondage Reality
authors:
- Jya Byrd
tags:
- F/f
- bond
- scifi
- chastity
- gag
- armbinder
- frame
- straps
- rope
- cons
- X
date: 2023-04-14 00:00:00
---

### Chapter Two

(I add Greek Yogurt to mine)

Beth enjoyed how blindfolds had always blurred the line between dreams and reality. She was never sure if she was dreaming, or waking to a Kinbaku-bi class.

She had no doubt that this was not a dream. She remembered Monica walking into Kelly's room a few hours after she had been bound. "Do you have to escape from everything?" Beth had asked.

Monica pointed to her belt. "I haven't escaped from this...yet."

"Then why didn't you get out of the brank and the chair?"

"You were there. Coach forbids us from revealing our methods. You could have joined the Escape Team when I did."

"Escape isn't the point of bondage."

"It is for me." They talked for another ten minutes, then Monica zipped Beth into the sleep sack and went back to monitor Kelly.

Beth had snuggled deeper into her restraint. Bondage always made her feel warm and protected. Nothing could harm her, nothing bad had ever happened when she was bound. Why would she want to escape from such bliss?

And the sweet darkness always inspired her.

Beth mentally began to outline a secondary paper on deviation from the norm. She would detail The minute differences between Kelly and the average Change, and how that could affect the developing personality.

Odd that there was so little data on the second day. Beth was considering what that implied as she drifted off to sleep.

Only to awaken hours later to the smell of bacon!

She was still securely bound, She couldn't even move her head to determine the direction of the odor.

And it was all too unfair!

Orgasm denial was one thing. She accepted that it was for her own good; but bacon denial? That was going too far!

"Location Monica!" Beth said, raising her voice.

"Cancel location." Said her unseen friend, "I can edge you for hours and you don't say a word, but you crumble in seconds for a BLT."

"With cheese?"Beth asked in a small voice.

"On lightly toasted bread."

Beth thrashed on the bed. "Agony, agony, agony!"

The lights in the house turned red, "Safeword alert!" cried the house monitor.

"Cancel alert," Monica said calmly. "That wasn't funny the first dozen times you said it, and it has gotten stale since." Having unlocked the collar, she unzipped the bag, freeing her friend. "Eat, then shower." She paused, sniffing the air, "Maybe shower, then eat!"

Beth's retort was blocked by the sandwich she had shoved in her mouth. In a few minutes she rejoined Monica in the bedroom, Both of them wore only their belts. "I cleaned up the night toys. How's Kelly?"

"The rest of her hair fell out. Her temp is running a little high, but still in the safe zone. I think she might be a redhead!"

Beth looked closely at her sister's head. "Maybe....or it could be heat-flush. Too early to tell. What have you been doing all night?"

"I updated our notes and wrote the intro to our paper. You can polish it later. And I tried to study for my English Lit final. Does anybody actually ENJOY the Canterbury Tales?"

"I love that book. Had Chaucer lived to complete them, he'd have surpassed Shakespeare."

"Okay, does anybody normal enjoy them?" Monica added., "And then I might have looked into a few drawers."

"Find anything good?"

"Just a hood/armbinder combo that you are going to be wearing all day. The colors are odd: pink and white. That's probably why it was in the back of a drawer."

Beth shook her head, "That's not a good idea."

"Inside the hood, all leather is black. I'm the one that will have to look at it."

"No, no hoods, not today."

But today is Dull Day!"

"Exactly."

Monica was confused. "Dull day means nothing happens. We get a full day to play!"

"I think it means just the opposite. I think something very important will happen and they think we'll be too busy to see it. I think today is a trap."

Monica considered this. Although she wasn't as smart as Beth, (Who was?) she was far from dense. Beth's theory explained why they always paired cuddle-buddies to watch the Change. Why would thirty percent of their grade be based on three days of bondage play?

Well...for one of her courses, that was EXACTLY what was required..but not this one.

"So, no bondage?" She asked sadly.

"Of course we can play. Does your hood have a removable blindfold?"

"Why I believe it does."

"You watch Kelly as I get it ready."

"But I wanted to tie you up!"

"I want to watch you escape from it."

"Not gonna happen."

The harness was indeed pink with a white "Fire" design. It was well made with high-grade leather. If only it didn't look like frosting.

Beth slipped the pear shaped gag into Monica's mouth and then pulled the hood over her head. The butter-soft leather stretched over her face, conforming to its curves. The smooth leather was marred by the snaps on either side of the eyes which would have secured the eye pads. As she was being bound, Monica kept a close watch on Kelly.

Beth worked on the back laces; pulling them tighter and tighter until the two sides of the hood met. Monica's hair flowed from the edge of the pink leather. Twin straps hung down her back.

Monica had been the first student in gym class whose elbows touched behind her back. She was the one the teachers used most often in Basic Bondage Devices.

So Monica stood with her elbows touching, waiting for the monoglove to slide up her arms. "Show off." Beth mumbled.

Beth laced it closed and attached the single glove to the hood. Monica looked wonderful...or would have in another color.

A few straps on her legs...just because, and she was properly bound. She continued to watch Kelly as Beth edited and tightened their report.

Two hours later Beth was struggling with anti-differential equations when Monica squealed. She turned towards her and saw she was intensely staring at Kelly. Beth almost squealed herself. Her sister's feet were gray and lifeless.

Beth had set her phone to video record. She had mentally practiced what she would do the second anything odd occurred. She snatched the phone and hit record.

After thirty seconds, the phone would freeze. That was all the time the teachers had allowed them. Beth hoped it would be enough.

The gray color sped up her legs, making her body dull. Half of her was concerned with what was happening while the other half was congratulating herself for evading the trap.

Before the color had fully drained from her upper body, another change started at her feet. This time a warm golden color raced up her body. In seconds the glow faded and Kelly was back to being Kelly colored.

Beth waited for the phone to freeze. It had all happened in twenty-two seconds.

She put down her now-useless phone, (Okay, it could still make phone calls, but still...) and unlaced Monica's hood.

As soon as the gag popped out she said, "Tell me you got that! Please tell me you got that!"

"I got it."

"Okay, now tell me, what was it?"

Savoring each word, (Oh it felt so good to be proven right,) She said, "My sister turned........dull!"

The girls hugged. Beth ignored that the armbinder had dropped to the floor without it being loosened. There was a reason why Monica was First Rope on the schools Escape Team.

Beth pointed at her still-sleeping sister. "Her arm!"

"What?"

"She ripped it on a fence when she was eight. It left a long scar. The scar is gone!"

"Yeah...hey, didn't she have a some tats?"

"She had an R tattooed on her left foot and an L on her right. She thought it was funny."

"They're gone now. Okay, you add this to the paper while I make lunch. And then we celebrate!"

"We'll still have to watch her closely. There may be a few more surprises. You watch her while I make us some lunch."

"Screw lunch, I'm gonna tie up your sweet ass!"

"Wouldn't you rather discuss banana bread recipes?"

Monica went to the closet and pulled out a wooden contraption.

"You found my trainer!" Beth cried happily.

"Now you, sit, stand or whatever you do on this!"

"I built this when I got home from orientation. I didn't know about all the stuff that was already out there. And I was sure that bondage would be the only thing I'd study in college. Instead I get one elective each semester."

"Well, you could have joined the Escape Team, instead..... You joined what?"

"Chess club," Beth mumbled.

"So while I am repeatedly bound in a five point restraint....You are playing with your pawns, Advantage, ME! Now show me what this thing does."

Beth knelt on the padded leather. Her knees fell into the depressions she had made from her many sessions on it. Monica buckled the straps at her ankles and below her knees, welding Beth to the base. A wooden panel was set between her legs; topped with a collar and a well-chewed penis gag.

"I thought I should get used to kneeling. You wouldn't believe how many happy hours I locked myself on this. I used to use my time-cuffs for my solo adventures," Beth said, "But I hope you can come up with something a bit more fun."

Monica flipped up the D Rings on the side of her friends belt and tied her wrists to them, cinching it properly. The final rope pulled her elbows closer.

"Girl, you have got to get more flexible. Elbows are supposed to touch, not wave at each other!"

"Not everyone is blessed with...gupppp!"

"And how are you supposed to practice throating with a short cock?" Monica asked as she held Beth's head down and wrapped the collar around her neck. "You may be smart but you are dumb. Tell you what, I'll keep adjusting your elbow tie until you can get them where they are supposed to be. We'll get you a bigger cock gag to suck on later."

All the while she had been binding Beth, Monica had been watching Kelly. Nothing had changed, but she did need to have her sweat sponged off. "I'm the guest, why am I doing all the cleaning and the tying?" Monica happily complained to herself. "I made breakfast, now I'll have to make lunch. I saw a can of clam chowder. Yeah, that and a salad. Think I'll add the rest of the bacon to the salad. I gotta do everything around here."

Despite her promise, Monica wouldn't tie Beth's elbows closer. A tighter rope could affect her circulation. She would have to use padded cuffs or an armbinder to train her friend. Beth helped her with Calculus and Chemistry. It was only fair that Monica improved her flexibility.

Wanting to allow Beth at least an hour to enjoy her position, Monica had no choice but to return to The Miller's Tale. What the hell was a 'wrightes capp?'

After lunch the two watched Kelly slowly change. "Her sweating has almost stopped, I think we can gown her." Beth decided.

"Yes, let's pull the gown over her RED HAIR!" Monica said theatrically.

Beth looked at her friend. "Really? You're going to make a fuss over getting her hair color? Why not place bets on her bra size?"

"36C."

"34D. Loser does laundry for the rest of the year."

"Deal." Kelly's waist was narrowing as her bust grew. In less than a day she'd be awake.

While Beth had been 'resting,' Monica had found a better penis gag. It was a half mask with a forehead band and several securing straps.

Beth was admiring the gag when she asked, "Do you think boys have to wear pussy gags? You know, so they can learn how to please us?"

"That sounds fair." Monica admitted. "Why don't you whip up a prototype in your workshop?"

"I took wood shop in high school. I don't think I could make it out of a two by four."

"Damn. We had no clue about the world back then."

"Kids are kids."

"So what are we?"

"Horny." Monica slid the gag into Beth's waiting mouth. Beth lifted her hair while Monica secured the buckle. Next a strap encircled her forehead. Straps connected the two parts, pulling everything tightly together. Monica didn't have to ask if it felt all right. She could see Beth's merry eyes above the leather.

Beth sat and placed her ankles and wrists in a metal yoke. Monica flipped the top portion into place and twisted the catch to the lock position.

She returned to reading The Miller's Tale...this time she tried a translation. Apparently the story was about one guy who farted in another guys face and got a hot poker up the ass....

Monica looked at her best friend bound and gagged while her sister was transforming into a woman. Then she reread the paragraph.

Monica tossed the book aside, writers must have something wrong with them. She would stick with reality.

She looked down at her Blue Belle.

Reality was a bitch.

She didn't remember entering that contest where she had won the belt and suspected that she hadn't. Somehow they knew that she was able to escape from her Maiden Pure belt whenever she wanted.

Probably because she wasn't frantic when her grades weren't good enough for her to earn a few minutes of release time. Desperately needed an orgasm was the best motivation.

But, was she locked in her new belt so she so she'd improve her grades, or was this an audition to see how good she was with escapes? If it was the former, any escape would probably result in her 'winning' a full body chastity. No one had ever gotten out of one of those without the keys and a friend to unlock it.

What if she opened it? It might mean a full scholarship to William and Mary. She only had one full year left in community college, along with the few weeks of the current one. It was time for her to apply to her next school.

Another thing, if she were stuck in the full chastity, her limited movement would get her kicked off the Escape Team. It was a gamble, either way.

Monica liked to gamble.

She pulled up the video she had made of her belt. Using the highest magnification, she searched for a lock.

Nothing. The metal flowed smoothly from one piece to the next. No joins, and of course, no keyholes.

The biggest question loomed. With Beth about to graduate and her not being able to get the belt off.....were her orgasms about to end?

Not liking that answer, she grabbed her book and got back to studying.

So the third guy is sleeping in a tub, waiting for the world to flood while his wife screws everyone.....yeah, right.

Monica finished the story and understood most of it. Well...some of it. The title of her report was "Alisoun needed a chastity belt." Maybe that was the reason the teacher had assigned that particular story. Okay, so they were needed, that wasn't going to stop her from trying to get out of hers.

Beth had been freed and was busily typing their report on Kelly. She spent a page and a half on dull day, wondering how many others had missed the dullness.

Monica needed to review molarity so Beth got the first sleep. She had found another of her home-made restraints: a wooden Shrew's Fiddle. The three holes captured her hands and neck securely: She had made it using her own measurements after all, and a padlock held it closed.

Monica added a blindfold and bit gag combo then added a set of ankle cuffs. It was simple but effective.

At 2am. they traded places.

The next morning Beth was amazed to find Monica was still bound in bed.

"You want to knock it off? We have a lot to do today." Monica whimpered as she held up her bound arms. Beth grumbled as she unlocked her friend. "You'd stay bound just to piss me off, wouldn't you?"

"Why I was helpless in the embrace of your devilish restraint. You could have had your way with my ...hot...sultry..body and I couldn't have stopped you!"

Beth sighed. "When we get back to the dorm, I'm telling Danice that you want to be spanked."

"You..." The next word died on her tongue. They both knew she would, and that Danice would act on that info, no matter how much Monica protested. "Okay, play times over...what can I do."

"Start by unlocking your ankles." Monica bent over and the cuffs fell off her. Beth saw that nothing came near the keyhole.

How?

"Done. Now what?"

"Are her paddlings that bad?"

"You ever see her roommate able to sit?"

"Now that you mention it... Okay, You clean up around Kelly while I put everything away in here. Then a quick bite, clean the kitchen and get ready to answer a thousand questions."

"When does her orientation start.

"We have to get her there by nine tonight. It's a two hour drive so I hope she wakes on time."

The two went to work, oiling leather, coiling rope and putting all the toys in their proper spots. A fast breakfast, followed by changing Kelly into a clean shift and they were ready.

"When?"

Beth checked the clock. Anywhere from ten minutes to four hours."

"Can I borrow that Shrew's Fiddle for the team? I think coach would get a kick out of it."

"So you all can get a good laugh at me?"

"No, of course not. It is a great practice piece. I'll bet the coach will have a few copies made for us to work on."

"Your joking."

"Honest! We have ....stuff we can do on metal restraints but I had to improvise to get out of yours." Beth gave her the look. "Okay, but it was a rough five minutes."

Any further conversation was stopped by Kelly's moan.

"All right sis!"

Monica beamed. "You know what this means?

"Well yeah, she's about to wake up."

"And...we'll be able to take her on her first mall run!"

"Shopping!" Beth cried happily.

"Sh..sh..shopping?" Said Kelly in a weak voice.

"That's my sister!" Beth said proudly.

"Why are you in my room?" Kelly asked, a few minutes later. "No, why am I in mom and dad's room?

What the fuck are these????" She shrieked as she grabbed her chest.

"Those are your breasts." Beth said calmly. "All women have them."

"What happened and...Kelly slowly looked from Beth to Monica. "Why are you two naked?"

"I knew we forgot something!" Monica cried as the two raced from the room. They quickly returned to find Kelly standing in front of the full-length mirror. "I have a weird new body, red hair. My parents sleep on rubber and your panties are made of metal.

"Did I hit my head on something? Repeatedly?"

Beth tried to explain, "The second you turn twenty-one you start to change into a woman. You sleep for about three days and wake up a different person."

"Speaking of being a different person: Hi, I'm Monica."

"Fine," Kelly said. "Why, how?"

"Your orientation will answer most of your questions."

"Orientation?" Kelly asked sullenly, "Another school? I already go to school. It sucks."

"Yes it is fine to meet me." Monica said as she was ignored.

"You're done with that school. Now before you go to orientation, we need to get you some clothes."

"Yeah, I can't be seen in this rag, I look just like a..." Kelly noticed that the all wore plain shapeless dresses. "Aw fuck no."

"Bit of a potty mouth." Monica said sotto voce.

"We all were." Beth answered quietly, "Remember the cure?"

"Oh yeah...that's when I decided to learn escapes."

"Hello? Shopping?" Kelly interjected, pulling at her shift. "I need something better. No offense."

They spent the rest of the day getting Kelly new underwear (36 D, no winners) and driving her to orientation. They didn't mention that she would be staying for four weeks.

### Epilogue

A week later.

After receiving a stern lecture to never reveal the secret of Dull Day, Monica learned she had enough credits for a session of freedom with Beth.

She even got to choose her outfit. She chose a black leather corset with attached garters, shoes with three inch heels (Gym would cover walking in heels in her final year.) Elbow length gloves, stockings and a thin matching collar.

She was confused when the tech walked in without a hood for her. Was she going to see how the belt locked on?

"Sure, no problem," She was told. "Just hold a magnet to the back and strike the front like so." As her belt was hit she felt it come apart in the back. "Of course, if you use the wrong gauss it won't open for a year."

"Can I borrow your magnet?" Monica asked as the tech left. "Damn, it was worth a try." A maid entered and helped her dress. Monica knew her time wouldn't start until she was with Beth.

She entered the play room and heard the chime of the clock as she closed the door. Beth was also dressed in black leather, but hers was far more severe. A tightly laced cat-suit covered her from head to toe, leaving only her mouth, breasts and pussy exposed. Her feet were stretched by ballet boots,

She had been strapped to a series of bars that supported her, but left easy access.

Mindful of the time, Monica quickly moved forward, (It was odd to talk a long stride after months of being limited by her thigh bands.) But she hesitated before licking Beth's pussy. It was the first time she had seen another woman's crotch, and she really wasn't interested in tasting it.

Being tasted, on the other hand, was just fine.

She stood over Beth, facing her feet and lowered herself onto the open mouth. Beth's warm tongue, smooth lips, and naughty teeth that nipped at her nether lips attacked Monica's pussy. Monica was transported. This was what she had needed. She ground her pussy into Beth's face and was rewarded by a vigorous tongue.

She constantly shifted her position, they all felt great but she was hoping for perfection. Moving about also allowed Beth to breathe.

A minor but important point.

Her orgasm slammed into her: stronger than she had ever felt. Her legs were no longer able to hold her and she fell across Beth's bound body.

While Beth continued to lick.

A lifetime later she regretfully eased off of her roommate. A quick glance at the clock showed that Beth had little time to orgasm. Monica picked up a butterfly vibe and held it against her friend. The orgasm was nearly instantaneous. Beth buckled as much as her bondage would allow. Monica watched in awe as her friend submitted to the vibrations. She liked being the one to decide when Beth came.

Monica didn't hear the chime that announced the end of their session. Instead she heard a soft 'Pssst' and felt a sharp pain in her left cheek. She pulled out a small dart from her ass then dropped it as it became too heavy and the floor looked so soft....

Monica awoke some time later to find a new Blue Belle had been locked on. Then she felt the metal bra that flowed up from her chastity.

"Aw shit." was all there was to say.
