---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/revolt_of_the_slave.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Revolt Of The Slave
authors:
- Gao Chukman
tags:
- F/m
- M/ff
- bdsm
- latex
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2004-11-22 00:00:00
---

**Revolt Of The
Slave**
by Gao Chukman
Revolt Of The Slave by Gao Chukman
As I sit here at the desk in my study on a beautiful Saturday morning,
my wife Sally is in the guest bedroom with her old school friend Leah. 
They are lying on the bed and both of them have their arms handcuffed behind
their backs.  They are wearing silk kimonos which are open at the
front and there is a strong rubber strap round their waists binding them
tightly front to front.  There are also pairs of nipple clamps linking
them quite closely at the breast.  Their ankles are chained together
and to the bottom of the bed but they are not talking to one another because
each is wearing a large, red, rubber ball gag.  They are probably
wriggling a bit because they are also wearing, if that is the right word,
a well-lubricated, electrically operated, double dildo set to provide maximum
clitoral stimulation at random intervals.  They are not blindfolded
and, when I last saw them a few minutes ago, their eyes appeared to be
spitting fire at me.  This is not a phenomenon I have seen before
and it has made me wonder whether I shall survive the aftermath of this
little joke I have played on them.  I have noticed before that women
do not always react in the same way as men do to practical jokes. 
This is illustrated in the definition of a pregnant woman as someone who
takes seriously what is poked at her in fun.  Anyway, I thought it
might be wise to record why I have placed Sally and Leah in this position
in case their retaliation gets out of hand.  God knows, I have had
enough provocation.

The first time I met Sally she inserted a rubber tube up my rear end
and pumped me full of warm, soapy water.  In addition to the unexpected
pleasure I derived from this procedure, it was made more memorable for
me because I was lying on a smooth, cool, rubber sheet.  I had thought
rubber sheets had long since been replaced in hospitals by some form of
plastic, yet there I was in an expensive London clinic, lying on something
about which I had frequent secret, erotic but shameful dreams.  In
these days when so many people are happy to let their kinks hang out in
public, I suppose I must have seemed a bit weird in feeling shame about
being aroused by thoughts of latex and rope.  But I did.  It
was a deep, intense shame presumably rooted in a hidden memory from my
childhood because I have had these dreams for as long as I can remember. 
My shame was such that I even avoided touching anything made of rubber
and refused to wear rubber gloves when washing-up.

When Sally spread the stiff, rustling sheet on the bed in my private
hospital room, I viewed it with alarm.  Reluctantly I obeyed her instruction
to climb onto it and lie on my side.  I was so tense it took her some
time to insert the tube but when I found the result was pleasant I began
to relax.  Furtively I stroked the sheet and closed my eyes. 
I allowed the familiar outline of my favourite dream to take shape in my
mind.  I was dressed all in rubber and was tightly bound hand and
foot.  I was blindfolded and gagged.  I was completely helpless
and some nameless, faceless woman was doing this to me.  I knew she
would next do unspeakably painful and erotic things to me.  I had
an erection so intense it seemed to quiver in its urgency.  I thought
Sally looked a little quizzically at me when she finished flushing me out. 
There was a faint smile on her rather thin lips when she inquired whether
I was all right.  I mumbled something as I made sure the loose folds
of my hospital gown hid the evidence of my arousal.

Perhaps I had better introduce myself to those few readers who do not
wish merely to slaver over the details of my unexpected (to me) submission
to someone I had previously thought of as a lovely but rather straight
laced wife.  The majority can skip over the next bit.

I call myself Paul Farragut-Smith although my father is plain John Smith. 
He delivers mail in Basildon in Essex, England but he comes from a family
of porters who worked at the Billingsgate Fish Market in London until a
lot of the East End was demolished and people moved to Essex.  My
mother is a small, homely, dumpy woman who has always suffered from varicose
veins which may be why I was in the hospital where I met Sally.  I
was an only child and was severely bullied at school where I was called,
variously, ‘ prettyboy’, ‘babyface’, ‘ titch’, and ‘egghead’.  The
only sports I enjoyed were cricket and judo and I used to find refuge from
the unhappiness of my life in my studies.  I think I was buggered
only once when I was about 11 but I never told anyone and I try not to
remember it.

When I was 14 one of the masters at school introduced me to an old man
who was a retired professor.  He was a bachelor and I learnt later
he had recently inherited quite a lot of money.  He had decided to
use some of it to encourage ‘deserving working-class children’ to go to
university.  I suppose I was his greatest success.  I was accepted
for a place at one of Britain's most prestigious universities when I was
only 17 and by the time I reached 21 I was the proud possessor of what
is usually referred to as a double first.  Proud is an understatement. 
In fact, the small, shy boy I had been had become a small but arrogant
and outwardly self-assured young man with a fake upper class accent and
a fondness for fine wines.  My androgynous good looks had attracted
quite a few girlfriends but they mostly wanted to mother me, not tie me
up.  I suspected a few men I knew would have been willing to fulfil
my secret fantasy that I was sure I was not gay.  Well, fairly sure,
anyway.

The old professor who had been funding my new lifestyle died during
my final year at university and left me a small bequest but I decided not
to go on to postgraduate research.  Mathematics is my subject and,
in particular, I am fascinated by the randomness of numbers and how apparent
randomness is often part of a pattern.  Probability theory (don't
ask) did not seem to be a particularly commercial speciality but, in fact,
I was pleased find some competition for my services.  In the end I
joined the London subsidiary of a private Swiss bank which specialised
in devising and trading in financial derivatives (again, don't ask).

We are nearly at the end of the boring stuff so bear with me. 
After five years of earning a fairly good salary topped up by ever increasing
bonuses, I was dissatisfied.  A large part of what I was earning went
on the enormous mortgage I had taken out with my employers' principals
for a house I had bought in Chelsea.  I was sure I could earn a lot
more if I could trade on my own but I had little capital and I would need
someone to back me.

I felt humiliated when I was told I needed an operation for haemorrhoids. 
I was only 27 and the consultant said the cause was probably genetic, exacerbated
by leading a sedentary lifestyle and being overweight.  This was not
entirely true as I played cricket at quite a good club level.  I was
a bit plump though.  When I left the London clinic after the operation
I was given an instrument which looked like a large, smooth, stainless
steel penis.  I was told to push it up my arse regularly to prevent
the lesions from the operation adhering to one another.  This would
obviously have been an unfortunate outcome and reminded me, for some reason,
of the old Max Miller joke about the man edging his way along a path halfway
up a steep cliff.  He met a girl coming the other way and there was
not enough room for them to pass one another.  The man did not know
whether to block her passage or toss himself off.  Enough!  This
is serious business I am reporting although I giggle occasionally and nervously
when I think of Sally and Leah in the guest bedroom.

I named my steel penis Marmaduke and I used him religiously.  Well,
I suppose the experience wasn't exactly religious although at first he
felt like a pillar of fire.  Indeed, I began to entertain a fellow
feeling for a certain king of England, a notorious pederast, who was murdered
by being reamed out with a red hot poker.  However, perseverance pays
off and I usually discover I can find a round peg to fit in a round hole
if I keep at it long enough.  In this case I became quite fond of
Marmaduke.  I used to disappear off to the office lavatory with ever
increasing frequency, carrying Marmaduke wrapped in tissue paper inside
his little box.  I would squat in a cubicle, my pants round my ankles,
reciprocating Marmaduke in the place where he was happiest, reciting that
ancient rhyme which is a warning to all inventors of mechanical sex toys.

                    
Round and round went the bloody great wheel
                    
In and out went the prick of steel
                    
Enough, enough, the young man cried
                    
Enough, enough, I'm satisfied.
                    
But there was no way of stopping it
                    
etc.

Actually, that's not true.  I usually closed my eyes and summoned
up my favourite fantasy.  You know the one.  Dressed in rubber. 
Bound and gagged.  Often wearing a gas mask which had started appearing
in my dreams.  Only it was Sally doing it now presumably because she
was the first person to put something up my arse.  Except for the
master at school but I don't think about that as I already told you. 
I should have been French.  They soon get used to that sort of thing
because they stick suppositories up their children's backsides to cure
most ailments.

At home I used to keep Marmaduke in the fridge in a compartment with
my cucumbers and aubergines.  The first touch of the icy steel reminded
me irresistibly of the very small Eskimo, sorry Inuit, who got engaged
and tried to make love to his girlfriend in the open air. Being inexperienced,
he fumbled around too long and his member froze solid.  He became,
as you will remember, a frigid midget with a rigid digit.  His girlfriend
tried to help him but she was clumsy and their engagement ended. 
She broke it off.

Enough already!  After about 10 days I realised I was becoming
addicted to Marmaduke which did not suit my self-image at all.  I
decided to exercise a little self-discipline which, as I have discovered
recently, is not nearly as much fun as discipline.  (Oh God, Sally
and Leah are going to kill me, I'm sure of it.) I washed Marmaduke thoroughly,
gave him a little kiss, put a condom on him to keep him warm, and took
him back to the clinic in his box.  The receptionist refused to accept
him saying all borrowed equipment had to be returned to the ward from which
it came.  Sally thanked me prettily for the flowers and chocolates
I had sent to the nurses who had looked after me (I am a smooth bastard
sometimes) and, on an impulse, I asked her out.  I know, I know. 
I was confusing my fantasy life with the real thing but you can always
hope, can't you.

Sally turned out to be keen on healthy living and eating and her main
hobby was amateur theatricals.  These interests were not really my
scene and, in addition, she seemed to treat sex in the same light as recreational
drugs.  'Just say no' was her response.  She lived in an apartment
in Battersea with two other nurses and I'm not sure why I continued to
go out with her.  On the few occasions when I persuaded her to enter
my house she did not seem to be impressed by its luxury and she made it
clear she was not interested in making a closer inspection of any of the
bedrooms.  There was something about her which intrigued me though. 
Some hidden depths which I sensed but could not define.  (Dear God!
I’ve plumbed them since then.)

Our relationship would probably not have developed if I had not met
her father.  She rang one day to ask whether I would go to the theatre
with her that evening in place of her father who had hurt his foot. 
As I had no plans I agreed but then regretted it when she asked me to pick
her up at her father's place.  When a girl wants you to meet her parents,
alarm bells should ring in your head to drown out the sound of wedding
bells in the girl's head.

I knew exactly how I was going to behave with Sally's father (there
had been no mention of a mother).  Polite but distant.  Slightly
superior with perhaps a mention of my house in Chelsea and a hint of my
large income.  Praise for Sally's nursing skills and a comment about
how interesting it was to meet people from other walks of life.  God,
what a prick I was in those days.  I am the grandson of a Billingsgate
fish porter, for Christ's sake.

I had written the address Sally had given me on a piece of paper which
I handed to the taxi driver that evening.  When we drove through the
entrance gates of a large mansion after a 20 minute journey, I shouted
at the driver that he had come to the wrong address.  He waved my
piece of paper at me and we drew up in front of marble steps leading to
an ornate front door.  I was puzzled and apprehensive as I rang the
bell.  A smartly dressed man of Middle Eastern appearance opened the
door.

"Mr Farragut-Smith?" he inquired in perfect English.  When I nodded
he went on, "Miss Sally will be down shortly.  Sir John is in the
study and would like to meet you."  He took my mohair overcoat and
led me to a door off the marbled entrance hall.  I was overwhelmed
by the opulence which surrounded me and I am sure my jaw dropped when I
recognised the man seated in a leather armchair, one foot in plaster resting
on a footstool.  Sir John Constance was usually described in the tabloid
press as 'the reclusive Levantine billionaire'.  I had known Sally's
name was Constance but I had never imagined a poorly paid nurse who shared
a small flat in Battersea could be connected to this powerful man.

I think there were several reasons why I hit it off so well with Sir
John.  When he asked where my name came from I immediately, and quite
inexplicably, told him I had made up the Farragut part of it so that people
might remember me.  He was highly amused at this and told me he had
chosen his name when he was naturalised so that English people could pronounce
it.  I knew vaguely that he was of Lebanese Greek origin but he did
not tell me what his family name had been.  I also knew he was an
enthusiastic supporter of Essex County Cricket Club.  I commented
on how well the team had done the previous season and his eyes lit up as
we discussed the merits of various players.

The main thing everyone knew about Sir John Constance was that he was
fabulously wealthy.  He had started to make his fortune in shipping,
owning bulk tankers, but now concentrated mainly on banking.  He owned
a controlling interest in a private bank registered in Malta although most
of its operations were in London.  Another thing I remembered about
him, which I had read in a profile, was that he was a fitness fanatic. 
I became conscious of the amount of flab I was carrying.

After meeting Sir John I began to take Sally out much more frequently. 
I pretended to develop an interest in amateur theatricals and joined a
fitness club.  To my surprise I actually enjoyed the exercise and,
as often happens with me, I took things to extremes.  I converted
the basement store room in my house into an exercise room.  I bought
a lot of equipment and employed a personal fitness trainer who came to
the house at 6 a.m. three times a week.  He also made me change my
diet.  You can see what I was up to, can't you?  I wanted to
set up a business on my own -- well, with two friends actually -- but I
needed a rich backer.  Sir John was very rich and the way to a man's
bank balance can be through his daughter if he approves of you.  Sir
John seemed to approve of me. Q.E.D.

You had better meet my two friends although they don't have much to
do with this, possibly my last testament.  They are of my age and
also work in the City.  They trade in hedge funds and we had together
worked out a business plan which combined our areas of expertise. 
Their names are Gerry and Jimmy although, at night, they are often known
as Geraldine and Jemima; Gerry and Jemmy for short.  They are a transvestite
gay couple and on a few occasions, just for fun, they dressed me in some
of their female clothes, made me up and fitted a wig on me.  I must
say that when I saw the results in a mirror I looked tremendous and quite
fancied myself.  But as you may have noticed I do that anyway. 
I never dared to go out with them dressed like that.  It was just
a bit of fun.  I think.

My pursuit of Sally may sound a bit cynical to some but I really grew
very fond of her.  I was pleasant to her friends and even tried to
like Leah who managed some sort of private club.  Sally and Leah had
been to school together and had apparently got into all kinds of trouble. 
I was not interested in schoolgirl pranks and did not bother to ask what
they had done even when Sally warned me not to mention her schooldays to
her father because he still became angry at the memory.  If only I
had asked a simple question I might have had some warning of the fate in
store for me.  What they had done to several of the senior boys would
have made even a practised bondage aficionado wince!

I did not propose to Sally until after the deal with Sir John was agreed. 
He was enthusiastic about the business plan Gerry, Jimmy and I put to him
but he was a tough negotiator.  He insisted on having a controlling
interest in our new company and the terms of the agreement were such that
he could kick us out if we failed to meet out targets.  He also insisted
we took space in his London building at an eye-watering rent and that his
bank provided administrative and backup services for hefty fees, thus ensuring
we could not hide anything from him.  We reckoned that the substantial
capital he was providing and the power of his name and connections made
the onerous terms acceptable and the three of us confidently expected to
become rich quite quickly.

Sally and I spent our honeymoon at Sir John's estate in the south of
France and Sally quickly became an enthusiastic if conventional lover. 
She expressed an aversion to anything she considered "kinky" and this seemed
to cover almost everything except the missionary position.  I was
disappointed because I had privately hoped to be able to persuade her to
play a "game" which might lead me to experiencing my special fantasy in
real life.  Early one morning, as we were lying in bed watching the
soft dawn light creep into the room, I asked her casually whether she had
ever had any fantasies about sex.  I said most people did have them
and wondered what hers were.  I was lying on my side looking at her
profile when I asked her and I saw her frown.  She turned to me and
shook her head.

"Not really," she replied.  "Vague thoughts about a tall, dark,
handsome man sweeping me of my feet, I suppose.  What about you? 
If most people have these fantasies, I bet you have, you sexy beast."

I laughed and said that occasionally I had a dream or a fantasy which
kept recurring.  I intended to give just a vague description but found
myself saying too much.  'Dressed in rubber; bound hand and foot;
gagged; gas mask; etc.'

Sally turned on her side and lifted her head, propping it up on a bent
arm.  She looked at me wide-eyed.  "Good God" she said "that
sounds most uncomfortable.  What does the woman do to you in your
dream?"

I laughed again and shook my head.  "I don't know" I replied. 
"The dream just drifts along with me lying helpless, unable to see or call
for help.  Nothing actually happens except that I get an enormous
erection.  I expect a psychiatrist would have a field day with it. 
He would probably diagnose a deep need for me to lose all control over
events.  I think they call it power transfer or something."

Sally reached over and ran a finger down my bare chest and on to the
now taut muscles of my stomach.  She snuggled up to me and murmured
in my ear.  "It's an interesting thought" she said.  "You do
tend to assume you can make decisions for everyone.  I don't think
you would really enjoy having someone else in complete control of you."

I pulled my head away from her.  "Hey" I protested, "are you saying
I'm a bully?"

With a lithe movement Sally rolled over on top of me and sat up, straddling
me, pinning my wrists to the pillow beside my head with her hands. 
"Yes you are" she smiled, "but I'm used to dealing with bullies after growing
up with my father.  But now I have you at my mercy.  What are
you going to do about it?"  She leant forward pushing most of her
weight onto my wrists.

"Help" I said weakly.  "Someone please help me.  I am at the
mercy of a sex-crazed harpy."

"Ha ha!" replied Sally melodramatically, "you're just as helpless as
if you were bound hand and foot.  There's nothing you can do to save
yourself."  She leant forward even further, pushing my wrists deeper
into the pillow.  I raised my head and took one of her nipples into
my mouth, biting it gently.

"Aagh" exploded Sally, rearing upwards and pulling her nipple away. 
I had already learnt that her breasts and nipples were very sensitive. 
I waited and then, as I had expected, her breast was lowered again. 
After a minute I removed my mouth and spoke quietly.

"Mmm, that's the peppermint one.  I wonder what the other one tastes
of this morning?"  Obediently, Sally swayed her body to one side and
I flicked my tongue over her other nipple.  "Ah, that's nice. 
Vanilla milk chocolate."  I resumed nibbling and biting.  Every
now and then Sally gasped.  Presently, she took her hands from my
wrists and rested them on the pillow.  My hands immediately snaked
their way down between us and my fingers gently opened her labia. 
Sally gasped again and arched her back, pulling her nipple from my mouth.

"Stay still" I commanded as I suddenly removed my fingers and began
to slide from under her.  She raised one leg to let me out but remained
tensely still, crouching on hands and knees.  Quickly I knelt behind
her and reached round to hold and fondle her breasts.  She moaned
again and slowly lowered her head and shoulders to the pillow.  Her
hands reached back under her body and I felt eager fingers seize hold of
me.  Gently I thrust myself forward and she gasped as I entered her. 
She raised herself again by straightening her arms and we began to buck
together with increasing urgency.  She gave a scream as she reached
her climax and then again as I allowed myself to join her.

Afterwards, as our breathing slowed, I put my mouth close to her ear
and whispered, "woof woof."  She gurgled with laughter and collapsed. 
I slid off her and we laid together, facing one another.  Her arms
went round me and we embraced.  I could see her eyes were tightly
shut and I wondered whether she was upset by her first experience of something
slightly out of the ordinary.

"Are you all right?" I asked.

She opened her violet eyes and smiled.  "Woof woof" she replied
and I hugged her to me.

                               
\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

I am not sure when this idyll started to go wrong.  Quite quickly
I think.  I was working very hard and the hours were long.  Sally
left the clinic and joined a charity which offered treatment and support
to AIDS sufferers.  Her father was a patron of the charity and she
even recruited Gerry and Jimmy to help.  She often worked in the evenings
which was also when her amateur dramatic society in Battersea rehearsed. 
My fitness instructor came to the house very early which is when I am at
my best whereas Sally's time clock meant she rarely stirred when I slipped
out of the bedroom.  The days went by without us really seeing one
another and before we realised it we stopped communicating.  Worse
than that, I began to resent her wide circle of friends, particularly Leah
who seemed to monopolise a lot of her time.  I thought Leah was a
rather aggressive lesbian and in my loneliness I even began to suspect
she had designs on Sally.  When I made a sarcastic remark to this
effect, Sally was angrier than I have ever seen her which made me more
suspicious.

The big change in our relationship came when it was at its worst. 
I had been very rude at the dress rehearsal of a play which was an adaptation
of a Victorian novel and in which Sally was playing a part.  I considered
myself something of an expert on this book and had told the playwright
who was also directing the work that he had obviously not understood what
he was doing.  I illustrated his various misinterpretations with quotations
from the book and a detailed analysis of the leading characters. 
I had spoken at length and by the time I had finished most of the cast
and supporters were listening and the poor chap was almost in tears. 
Sally was furious and although I apologised later, she refused to be placated.

After that blow up we had a talk and agreed we were both unhappy and
must try to take more interest in what the other was doing and also make
time to do things together more often.  This was easier said than
done and we had not made much real progress when Sally announced she was
going to spend a few days at a health and beauty spa in the Cotswolds with
a couple of friends.  She was leaving that Saturday.  We went
out to dinner together on the Friday evening and had a particularly pleasant
time.  We were sitting quietly finishing our wine when Sally reached
over and put her hand on mine.

"Would you do something for me tomorrow?"  She asked.  "It's
for the theatre club.  It might help them forgive what you said the
other week."
I swallowed my doubts and nodded.  "Of course I will.  I
haven't got any plans for the weekend.  What you want me to do?"

She explained that a group in the club was planning a new play. 
They were keeping the subject a secret but had said it would 'blow everyone's
socks off.' All the Sally knew was that it was called "Uprising in Hell." 
The director was not happy with some of the scenes because the action in
them was taking too long.  He wanted the leading female character
to come up with ways of shortening some scenes without losing anything
essential.

I frowned and shook my head.  "I don't see how I can help with
that" I said.

"They want someone to stand in for one of the actors and they want to
use your gym because the lighting there is perfect for the scene. 
It should take not much more than an hour."

I nodded.  "That's fine by me.  I'll be glad to help. 
Who will be coming and what time?"

"Just one of the girls and her stand-in.  I will ring them in the
morning to check the time."

"Do I know them?"  I asked.

"You know Leah but I don't think you've met Catherine."  She looked
at me anxiously.

"Oh God" I responded involuntarily and then bit my lip.  "I'm sorry
sweetheart" I said, "of course I'll help them.  At least I'll be safe
with Leah.  It's not a love scene, is it?"  I laughed.

Sally smiled.  "I don't think so but you misjudge Leah.  Don't
you dare tell her I told you but I happen to know she quite fancies you."

"Really" I replied in surprise.  "I thought she wasn't that way
inclined."

Sally shook her head.  "You shouldn't judge people you don't know
well" she replied, "Leah has very wide tastes including some which would
surprise you."  I was intrigued but Sally shook her head again and
waved a finger at me and refused to say any more.

Leah arrived exactly on time at 5 p.m. next day.  She was carrying
two large shopping bags and bustled in announcing that Catherine was suffering
from laryngitis but hoped to be along later.  She refused a cup of
tea so I led the way down to my gym.  She looked round and nodded
in satisfaction.

"Yes, this is just as I remember it when Sally showed me round. 
The bright lights and the mirrored walls.  It could almost be a stage
set."  She rummaged in one of her bags and pulled out a package. 
"Could you put on your costume please, Paul."

I was taken aback by this.  "Is that really necessary?"  I
asked.

She nodded firmly.  "Yes.  It's essential."  Then she
paused, the package in her hand.  "You're not allergic to latex are
you?" she asked.  "I hadn't thought of that."

"Latex!?"  My voice squeaked. "Is the costume made of latex?"

"Either latex or rubber.  I never know what the difference is. 
You're not allergic are you?  It's the Devil's costume in our play."

I could feel my heart beginning to pound as I took the package. 
"No I'm not allergic to it."  I swallowed, finding my throat suddenly
dry.  "I'll go and change in the shower room next door."

"Be careful as you put it on" commanded Leah.  "It tears easily. 
The inside has been powdered but you may need to put more powder on yourself. 
Don't wear anything underneath or it'll show.  I'll set up the camera
and prepare the scene."

My hands were shaking as I undid the package.  For 20 years I had
wanted to dress in rubber but my deep sense of shame had never allowed
me to do so.  Now I was actually being asked to fulfil my fantasy
as a favour to someone.  I held up the two garments I found in the
package.  A long hooded shirt with gloves at the end of the sleeves
and a pair of tights with attached feet.  Both of them in lovely red
rubber.  I took all my clothes off and held the costume against me
to see what it would feel like.  The sensation was so intense I gasped. 
My skin where the rubber touched it felt as if it was receiving a mild
electric shock.  And yet, at the same time, it felt as though it was
being bathed in cool milk.  I hurriedly began putting on the tights
but found the air I was pushing into the first leg prevented me from getting
my foot all the way down.  After a moment's thought I rolled one leg
down in the way I had seen Sally put on her tights.  This solved the
problem and I soon had both my feet tightly encased in rubber.  Gently
but firmly I pulled the legs up until I had the tights on.

Looking at myself in the wall mirror of the shower room I saw that my
erection was creating a noticeable bulge against my lower stomach but there
was nothing I could do about that.  I also saw seams on the front
of the tights forming a triangle pointing downward.  I bent to examine
them and found the whole triangle could be opened by tearing at the velcro
strips which secured the seams.  I felt behind me and discovered similar
seams at the back.  I nodded to myself.  The actor wearing the
costume would not have to take it off if he was caught short.

It took me a while to work out how best to put on the shirt.  There
was no opening at the front and there was the same problem of trapped air
preventing my hands going into the gloves.  I had to powder myself
before I finally succeeded and smoothed the rubber against my body. 
I had been so intent on struggling into the shirt that I had pushed to
the back of my mind the sensations I was feeling.  Now I looked into
the mirror and gazed at myself.  The hood fitted tightly around my
head with an opening from just above my eyes to below my mouth.  I
was breathing heavily but there was a broad grin on my face.  I had
never felt anything so intensely pleasurable.

"My God, you look tremendous" said Leah as I went into the gym again. 
"That costume could have been made for you."  She walked round me
and tugged at the shirt at the back and smoothed it with one hand. 
She came round the front again and looked me up and down.  "You certainly
keep yourself in good shape.  Would you consider playing the part
in our play?  There aren't many lines to speak."

I knew the society's plays usually ran for a week or less although Sally
had been in one production which had been extended for a second week. 
The thought of being able to put on this costume every night made me breathless.

"I'd be pleased to" I replied.  "Sally is still upset with me for
being so rude at that dress rehearsal and I'd like to make amends if I
can."

"Yes I know she is" replied Leah.  She gave me a strange smile
and nodded.  "I'm fairly sure you'd get the part if you were willing
but perhaps you had better wait until you see what is involved.  You
might find some of the scenes a bit uncomfortable."

"In what way?"  I asked.

"Let's sit down a moment while I explain the plot" she replied. 
She had pulled my sun bed out from under its lamp and put it in the centre
of the room.  I sat beside her and listened, gently stroking the rubber
which covered me.

An angel had been expelled from heaven and been consigned to hell, she
told me.  This angel had smuggled a supply of ambrosia into hell. 
She thinks ambrosia has the power to incapacitate the devil temporarily
and she plans to use it to mount a takeover of hell.

"I play the fallen angel" laughed Leah "and when this scene opens I
have recruited a number of supporters and we've managed to put some ambrosia
into the devil's food.  He is sitting on the bed.  (She patted
the bed) He's not unconscious.  His eyes are open but he can't move
or use his powers.  We don't know how long this will last and we plan
to try to drain him of all his powers while he can't stop us."

I frowned at her and shook my head.  "That sounds rather far-fetched"
I said doubtfully.

Leah laughed again.  "It's an allegory" she said.  "The devil
is the Prime Minister and the rebels are rather similar to certain members
of his party.  You should read the script sometime.  It's very
funny."

"I see" I nodded.  "Okay, so what happens next?"

Leah jumped to her feet.  "First I have to immobilise you in case
the effects of the ambrosia start to wear off.  You sit there and
try to help me without it being obvious.  This is where the scene
is taking too long and we need to shorten it."

The thought of being immobilised, whatever that meant, made my erection
swell.  This was nothing like any scene I had imagined in my favourite
fantasy but its effect on me was overpowering.  I watched as Leah
pulled another package out of one of her bags and revealed what looked
like a red rubber jacket with a number of heavy straps on it.

"This is a straitjacket" she announced, holding it up.  "I've got
to get it on you as quickly as I can."

I suppose I should have suspected something then.  The only person
in the world who knew about my secret fantasy was Sally.  Leah was
her closest friend.  Although Sally seemed to have forgotten what
I had told her on our honeymoon, here I was encased in rubber and about
to be trussed into a straitjacket.  I can only plead that I was so
overwhelmed with dry-mouthed arousal that my brain had stopped working.

The straitjacket worked the opposite way round to ones I had seen advertised
on the web.  My arms were folded across my back and the straps secured
at the front.  I sat there obediently as it was made secure and watched
as heavy rubber straps were pulled tightly around my legs above my knees
and at my ankles.

"See if you can stand up" commanded Leah.  I did as I was told
and Leah pushed the bed away and went behind me.  She tugged at the
jacket a few times and then came round the front and surveyed her handiwork. 
"You look gorgeous, Paul" she said with a grin.  "It really turns
me on to see a helpless man.  Perhaps I should try to get rid of that
unsightly bulge."

She stepped up to me and kissed me on the lips.  One hand held
the back of my neck as our mouths opened and our tongues began to explore. 
Her other hand moved down between us and she stroked the bulge on my lower
stomach.  After a minute she took her mouth away and looked me in
the eyes.

"Mmm" she murmured, "that was nice.  I am tempted to take advantage
of you.  You certainly feel ready for it."

"You wouldn't dare" I replied, "Sally would never forgive you."

She grinned at me again.  "We've always shared everything since
we were at school" she said.  "I don't see why she wouldn't share
her husband."

"Don't I get any say in this?"  I asked.  She shook her head. 
"Absolutely none.  There's nothing you can do about it anyway, is
there?"  I didn't reply.  "Is there?"  She demanded. 
"Go on, admit it.  I can do what I want and there's not a damned thing
you can do to stop me."

"That's true" I nodded.  "I'm quite enjoying it actually."

Leah nodded and ran a finger across my lips.  "I suspected you
might" she said.  "You'd be surprised how many powerful businessmen
enjoy being dominated.  We see a lot at the club."

"At the club you manage?"  I asked, puzzled.  "What sort of
club is it?"

"Hasn't Sally told you?" replied Leah.  "It's called The Dungeon. 
You should pay us a visit.  You might like to become a member."

I was intrigued but Leah refused to answer any more questions.

"We must finish this rehearsal" she said briskly.  "Now the devil
is immobilised I've got to stop him using his powers when he recovers. 
He can paralyse me with a glance, with a word or even with his breath. 
I must make sure that doesn't happen."

She pushed the bed back behind me and made me sit down.  I watched
her as she took out from one of her bags a wide band of black rubber which
she slipped over my head and pulled down until it covered my eyes. 
"Now for the voice.  Open your mouth as wide you can."

I shivered in anticipation as I realised I was about to be gagged. 
All of my secret dream was coming true.  I opened my mouth and felt
something being pushed behind my upper front teeth.  Leah then pushed
my lower jaw down and grunted with effort as she forced something behind
my lower teeth.  After a moment I realised she had inserted a rubber
covered metal ring into my mouth so that it kept my jaws uncomfortably
distended.  I couldn't open them any wider to dislodge the ring which
was jammed immovably in my mouth.  It was extremely uncomfortable
and nothing like my fantasy.

"Aaagh" I said in protest, shaking my head.

"Hang in there, Paul" said the Leah, "you won't notice it after a while. 
I am going to filter your dangerous breath.  I'm using a Russian gas
mask.  A lot of members of the club like them because they have a
full rubber headpiece.  First though, I just need to muffle that noise."

The pain in my jaw lessened quite quickly to a fairly bearable discomfort. 
I sat passively as a rubber ball was pushed through the ring in my mouth
and fastened in place with a strap round my head.  The gas mask was
lighter than I had expected but it fitted tightly, covering my ears and
the back of my head.

"All right" said Leah, "there's an intermission between scenes at this
point so I'll leave you for now.  The next scene is when we try to
drain the devil of his powers.  It will probably be a bit painful
for you but I expect you will enjoy some of the things we plan to do. 
In any case, just like the devil, there's nothing you can do about it,
is there?"

I gurgled behind my gag and heard her laugh as she left the room. 
I lay on my back and savoured the silence and the rubber in which I was
clad and, above all, my helplessness.  My jaws were still aching and
saliva kept building up in my mouth which was difficult to swallow but
these were small prices to pay.  The sensations I was experiencing
were beyond any of my imaginings.  I flexed my arm and leg muscles
but could not move.  I cautiously began to move my hips and found
I could make my erect penis rub against the inside of the rubber trousers
I was wearing.  My hips began to move more rapidly and I could feel
a climax approaching.  I stopped abruptly.  I was torn between
an urge for release and a strong desire for this experience to continue
for as long as I could make it.  Then I heard the gym door open and
footsteps on the wooden floor approached the narrow bed on which I was
lying.

"Hello Paul.  This is Caroline.  I'm sorry about my voice,
it's almost gone.  Can you hear me?"  The voice was a harsh whisper
and I nodded.  "Leah has had to rush off to visit her mother in hospital. 
I'm going to continue the rehearsal from where she left it.  Are you
okay with that?"  Again I nodded.  "I must tell you" she went
on and I sensed she was bending down with her head close to mine, "I think
you're very brave."

I gurgled apprehensively behind my gag, wondering just what I had let
myself in for.  Caroline seemed to assume Leah had told me what to
expect and I shook my head to indicate I did not know.  I heard Caroline
give a throaty laugh.  "Oh yes you are" she said and I realised she
thought I was denying that I was brave.  I groaned to myself helplessly.

"Try to help me without making it obvious.  I want you lying on
your side with your knees up by your chest."  As she pulled my legs
I obediently moved them until I was doubled up.  I felt something
pushed under my knees and then across my back.  A strap was tightened
until I was pinned tightly in a foetal crouch, my rubber clad buttocks
hanging over the edge of the narrow bed.

"I'll be back in a couple of minutes" said Caroline and I heard her
leave the gym.  When she returned I heard her put something on the
floor beside the bed and I wondered what she was going to do.  Without
warning the wide triangle of rubber over my buttocks was ripped open and
I felt cool air on my skin.

"We don't think this has ever been done on stage before," the hoarse
voice said, "it's a good thing I used to be a nurse."  I heard what
sounded like latex gloves being snapped on.  I tensed as a hand was
placed on one buttock and my anus was pulled open.  Something was
inserted and gently pushed up inside me.

"The script says this is ambrosia but it's actually coffee made with
warm soapy water," said Caroline.  "Just relax.  Have you ever
had an enema before, Paul?"  I nodded as I felt liquid being pumped
into my bowels.  It was just as pleasant as when Sally had done this
to me and I tried to relax.

"I'll wait a few minutes" the voice said.  "The next bit will be
smelly but we hope it doesn't reach the audience."  She giggled quietly
and presently I began to feel a heightening of all the sensations I was
experiencing.  Every nerve end seemed to be tingling and I wondered
whether this was being caused by the coffee.  When the pressure was
finally released, I felt an enormous relief as I voided myself.  The
tube was taken out and I felt Caroline wiping me gently.

"I'll go and empty this down the loo.  I'll be back.  After
the pleasure comes the pain."  My apprehension mounted at this cryptic
remark. My jaw was still aching but it was a discomfort rather than a pain. 
In my fantasies when I was waiting for some unknown woman to return and
torture me I had always shied away from thoughts of real pain.  Although
they excited me I suspected I would not enjoy pain.  I heard the door
open and footsteps approached.  A hand stroked my buttocks.

"We need to block up this opening in case the devil farts and overpowers
us.  I hope I can get this enormous thing in without hurting you. 
It's got a battery inside.  The end rotates and the shaft moves. 
You must tell me afterwards what it feels like."  I lay helplessly
as a large plug was pushed and twisted into me very gently but firmly. 
It seemed to take forever but finally it was in place.  I felt extremely
full and my prostate was being stimulated which made my erection even more
rigid.

"It's operated by bluetooth remote-control" Caroline rasped.  "I'll
try it out."  My bound body jerked as the device began to move, vibrating
and throbbing.  I heard Caroline giggle again.  She seemed to
be a giggly woman.  "We're going to give the remote to a member of
the audience selected by lottery.  They can start and stop it when
they wish or set it to work at regular intervals or even set a random start
and stop cycle.  I'll set a random pattern for now."

The plug stopped moving and I relaxed slightly.  I felt Caroline
close the rear flap of my trousers and unbuckle the strap holding my knees
to my chest.  I sighed with relief as she helped me stretch out on
my back, my tightly folded arms trapped beneath me.  I sensed Caroline
fumbling with the metal side of the bed and something was pulled across
my waist just above my hips.

"I'm going to rope you down" said Caroline.  "You must be very
still for the next bit."  A rope was pulled over and then under me
to form a loop round my body.  I heard Caroline grunt as she heaved
on it, tightening the knot she had tied over my belly button.  She
grunted again as she secured the rope tightly to the other side of the
bed.  I smiled behind my gag as she repeated the procedure at my already
bound knees and ankles and then again twice across my chest and arms. 
If I had felt helpless before it was as nothing compared to how I felt
when she finished tying me down.

Caroline's voice seemed to have almost completely gone now but I heard
her tell me to try to move.  I heaved at the ropes but found I could
not shift them.  "Good" she whispered and I could feel that her face
was close to the tightly pressing rubber of the gas mask enveloping my
head.  I had dribbled round the gag and I swallowed the build up of
saliva in my mouth with difficulty.

"You remember how Delilah took Sampson's strength away I expect" said
Caroline.  "I am going to do the same with the devil except I am not
going to touch a hair of his head."  She giggled breathlessly again. 
"You must keep still.  I've never used a cutthroat razor before."

I grunted in alarm and shook my head but at that moment the butt plug
suddenly burst into life again, seemingly at a higher intensity then before. 
I tried to move but the ropes held me immobile and I lay helplessly as
the flap on the front of my trousers was ripped open.  My erection,
which had partially subsided, increased in intensity as I felt a cool hand
cup itself round my balls and ease them out from between my tightly bound
legs.

"Tsk" muttered Caroline, "this won't do.  We'll have to tie your
ankles to the sides of the bed otherwise the audience will never see what's
happening."  I had forgotten we were supposed to be rehearsing a play. 
A long time seemed to have passed since Leah had left but Caroline appeared
to be content to take her time.  She untied my legs and unbuckled
the straps.  I could have kicked out at her had I wanted but I lay
supinely as she lashed each ankle to the sides of the bed.

"That's better" she said in a seemingly stronger voice which I thought
sounded faintly familiar although I couldn't place it.  The next few
minutes were an agony of apprehension.  I felt her snip away my pubic
hair and wondered how this would work on stage.  After rehearsals,
the actor playing the devil would not have any hair to cut off.  As
if she could read my mind Caroline spoke again.

"We'll have to stick false hair on you after this.  Now keep still,
I'm going to shave you.  Don't worry, it's a safety razor.  I
was only teasing about the cutthroat."  Again she gave her now familiar
throaty giggle and I longed to see her face.  There was definitely
something familiar about the voice.

I felt lukewarm water being sprinkled over the stubble of my pubic hair
and then something was rubbed on it which I assumed was shaving cream. 
Caroline started to shave me and then the vibrator in my anus started again. 
It went on for long time and she paused in her activities as I writhed
and gasped behind the gag and the gas mask.  When at last I lay still
she resumed and I heard her humming to herself.  I recognised one
of Sally's favourite tunes and suddenly realised I would much prefer it
to be Sally doing this to me rather than an unknown woman.  I wondered
how I might persuade her.

My musings were interrupted by Caroline wiping me dry and then seizing
hold of my balls.  She did not say anything as I felt her push them
into something which encircled them tightly and pressed into the nerve
underneath.  My erection became painfully rigid and she then clamped
something round the root of my penis.

"This one's got a remote-control too" she said.  "Let's see what
effect it has."

I gave a strangled roar behind my gag as the new device started. 
It seemed to squeeze my balls and dig into the nerve underneath. 
I couldn't tell what it was doing to my penis amid the flood of sensations
I was receiving.  I heaved against the ropes which bound me to the
bed but they did not budge.  I shook my head from side to side.

"I'll set them both to work continuously" said Caroline.  The plug
in my anus began throbbing and turning and I could feel sweat building
up inside the rubber suit I was wearing.  I was dragging in as much
air as I could through my nose.

"They're both on a low setting" rasped Caroline.  "Let's see what
they feel like on medium."  My senses seemed to explode.  The
buildup of pressure in my balls seemed enormous but the tight band round
my penis stopped me coming.  Every muscle in my body seemed tautly
tense until, suddenly, I could no longer continue reacting to what I was
feeling.  My whole body relaxed, except for my rigid penis, and I
just lay there.

"Now we shall go to high" the hoarse voice said.  "This should
be fun."  I had now passed the point when I could react to the increased
stimulation.  My body was being violated in ways I could never have
imagined and I knew I should be feeling outraged.  Instead, I surrendered
to my helplessness and savoured the pleasure flooding through me marred
only by the dull ache in my jaws and from the intense pressure on my balls. 
Presumably because I did not react, Caroline left the devices on their
high settings for what seemed a long time.  Suddenly she switched
them off and I grunted.

"Are you all right?"  she asked and I nodded.  "Good. 
This is when the long intermission comes.  We shall push the bed to
the front of the stage and the curtains will come down behind you. 
We don't know how many of the audience will go to have a drink.  Quite
a few may stay to play with the remote controls.  We'll have a couple
of guards in the wings to rescue you if things get out of hand." 
I nodded my understanding.  I could see why they thought this play
would create a sensation.

"I nearly forgot.  We'll put a condom on you before the curtain
comes down.  It's striped yellow and green which are the Revolution
Party's colours."  I felt her take hold of my penis and she slid the
condom gently over it.  Now the devices had been turned off I reacted
to her touch and my hips began to move involuntarily."

"Not yet, Paul.  The final draining of the devil's powers takes
place during the last scene.  We are going to ask the audience to
vote on whether the fallen angel should do this by hand, mouth or by going
all the way.  We tried this question on a small selection of our members
and were surprised when most of them wanted us to try all three. 
After the intermission I'll see if that is possible.  I will be taking
off the gas mask and gag first because the climax of the play (she giggled
yet again) comes when I try to drain the devil of the last of his powers
while he might have regained the use of his voice.  Will the fallen
angel succeed or will the devil overcome her?  Drama!"  My body
heaved again as she restarted the two devices and I heard her cross the
gym floor.  The door closed behind her and I was left in increasing
discomfort.  The pain between my legs was now intense and my jaw was
again aching intolerably.  I lay there with my anger mounting and
it seemed a long time before Caroline returned.

"The moment of truth has arrived."  The low, husky voice spoke
in my ear and I felt her lift my head and begin undoing the straps of the
gas mask.  Then she unbuckled the gag and pulled it out from my mouth.
Removing the ring from behind my teeth proved easy as there seemed to be
a catch on it which caused it to collapse.

"Jesus!"  I exploded "take that fucking thing off my balls. 
It's killing me."

"Oh" I heard her gasp, "I'm sorry.  I didn't know."  Her voice
was still a whisper but again I detected that annoying familiarity. 
"Is that better?"  she asked.

I heaved a sigh of relief.  I had expected an explosion when the
pressure was released but instead my erection half collapsed.

"Is it very sore?" she whispered and began gently massaging my aching
parts.

"Stop that" I snapped, heaving at the ropes which held me down.

"But you seem to be enjoying it" she replied.  "I want to finish
the rehearsal."  I drew a deep breath and tried to calm myself as
my erection grew again.

"Listen" I said urgently, "I agreed to this rehearsal because Sally,
my wife, asked me.  She doesn't know what's involved and will be very
upset when she finds out.  I happen to love Sally very much and I
want you to stop this right now."

There was a silence and Caroline took her hand away.  I felt her
weight on my chest and she hugged me and stroked my shoulders.  "Do
you hear me?"  I asked sharply.  "Take this thing off my eyes
and untie me."

"I feel awful."  Her voice was still low but the huskiness had
gone and I recognised it instantly.  I gasped with surprise. 
"Sally?"  I asked wonderingly.  "Is that you Sally?"

"Mind your eyes" she said as she stood up and removed the wide band
of rubber which covered them.  I squinted in the bright light and
gradually was able to see her face.  She looked worried and a bit
frightened.  "Why, Sally?"  I asked.  "Why did you do this?"

She looked down.  "I thought you'd enjoy it" she replied. 
"Do you remember on our honeymoon telling me about the dream you sometimes
have?"  I nodded.

"I was just trying to make it come true for you.  Things have been
so bad between us recently and I thought I could make them better. 
But I just made them worse, haven't I?"

I looked at her bowed head for long time until she raised her eyes and
looked at me.  I shook my head and smiled.  "No you haven't"
I said.  "Please kiss me."  Sally flung herself on my bound body
and began showering my face with kisses.  "Are you angry with me? 
Didn't you enjoy any of it?" she asked.

Between kisses I told her that what she had done had gone so far beyond
anything I had imagined that I had no words to describe it.  It had
been the most wonderful and extraordinary experience of my life except
for the pain in my balls and my jaw.  "But Sally," I added, "you must
never do it again."

She sat up and looked at me with a frown.  "Why not if you enjoyed
it?"  she asked.

"I know you" I said "and I know this sort of thing is not your scene
at all.  I really don't want you doing something which I enjoy that
does absolutely nothing for you.  I might like it at the time but
I'd also feel so guilty afterwards it would destroy my enjoyment." 
She cast her eyes downward again.  "Oh dear" she said "I suppose I'll
have to confess now."

"Confess to what?"  I asked, puzzled.  She lowered herself
on to my chest again, her face beside mine so that I could not see it.

"You remember on our honeymoon before you told me about your dream,
you asked me whether I ever had any fantasies about sex" she murmured in
my ear.  "Well, I lied.  I have had one since I was about 14
or 15.  I used to dream about it all the time."  There was a
long silence and I finally asked gently "what was it?  Why didn't
you tell me?"

"I nearly died when you told me about your fantasy" she replied. 
"I wanted to tell you about mine but I had already lied to you and I was
ashamed."

I tried to move my head away to look at her face but she clung to me. 
"Stop being so bashful" I said.  "We've been married for years, remember." 
I heard her draw a deep breath and sigh.  One of her hands was stroking
my shoulder.

"I had always dreamed of tying up a boy" she whispered.  "He was
always naked in my dream and he let me tie his hands behind him. 
I lashed his legs together and gagged him so he couldn't call for help."

"What did you do then?"  I asked, breathing faster as I became
excited at her vision.

"That's what's so silly" she replied.  "In my dream I never did
anything very much that I can remember.  I used to wake up very excited
though."

I laughed.  "Why were you so ashamed?"  I asked.

Sally sat up and looked at me.  "Why have you never mentioned your
own fantasy again?  You're ashamed of it, aren't you?"

It was my turn to look away.  I nodded.  "Yes, you're right. 
It's a childhood shame I have never been able to get rid of."

"It's the same with me" she replied, smiling now.  "Aren't we a
pair of idiots?"

"This one's a very happy idiot," I said, grinning at her.  "The
real thing is much better than the fantasy.  A hundred, no, a thousand
times better.  How about you?"

Sally's eyes sparkled and she nodded.  "I certainly never expected
to react to this as well."  She stroked my thigh.

"React to what?"  I asked.

"The rubber clothes" she replied.  "They came from your fantasy,
not mine, but it really is very sexy to feel.  It's a good thing I'm
not wearing any panties.  They'd be soaking wet."

I grinned at her.  "I can just see you in a latex cat suit," I
said, "wearing high stiletto heels."

"Oh you will, Paul, you will" she replied.  "I think I'll be holding
a whip as well."

"Hey, steady on Sal" I said, alarmed.  "I don't think I would enjoy
pain.  It's not part of my fantasy at all."

"You'll never know unless you try" she replied.  "Anyway, you'd
be suspended from that hook in the ceiling over there, so you couldn't
do anything about it anyway."

"Jesus, Sally" I gasped, "what's got into you?  You've always been
so conventional.  Where has all this come from?"

"It was always there" she said.  "The thing Leah and I got into
trouble at school about was something we did to some of the boys. 
Daddy was very angry and I decided to change."  She shrugged. 
"I suppose I only changed on the surface.  When I fell in love with
you I didn't dare tell you about what I call my dark desires.  I didn't
really believe in your kinky fantasy.  You never mentioned it again."

Sally had been stroking my face as she spoke and running a finger across
my lips.  Now I bit it gently and smiled.  "So there is no play
then?"  I asked.

Sally shook her head.  "No.  Leah invented most of it so that
I could teach you a lesson for being so beastly lately."  She laughed. 
"Of course, it gave her a chance to join in as well.  A bit like our
schooldays really, having a helpless boy at our mercy."

"It all seems very complicated to me" I replied, "just to teach me a
lesson."

Sally gave what I can only describe as an evil grin.  "Not half
as complicated as some of the things I have dreamed up for you, my lad. 
You've no idea what's going to happen to you every time I have you in my
power in future."

"You and whose army?"  I asked.  "What makes you think you're
going to get me like this again?"  I heaved at the ropes holding me
down but they did not move.

Sally put one hand between my legs and began to stroke me.  I gasped
when she bent down and took me in her mouth, gently nibbling and massaging
me with her tongue.  I began to move my hips, thrusting myself deeper
into her mouth.  Abruptly she sat up and looked at me.

"Do you honestly think I'll need an army to help me?" she asked. 
I closed my eyes and groaned.  We both knew the answer to that.

"You're a witch and the minx" I said.  "But even worse, you're
a tease.  Are you going to finish the rehearsal, even though there
is no play?"  She looked at her watch and shook her head.  "I
don't think you've suffered enough yet for all your bad behaviour. 
I'm hungry.  Do you fancy a steak?"

She began untying the ropes holding me to the bed and I watched her. 
She surely couldn't imagine I would just let her go and cook steaks. 
As soon as I was free I was going to teach her a lesson or two myself. 
I suspected that was exactly what she wanted and I smiled.  As soon
as the last rope was untied I swung my legs over the side of the bed and
stood up.  I flexed my arms against the restraint of the straitjacket
and turned to Sally for her to undo the straps.  Instead, she pulled
up the flap of the trousers and carefully sealed my erection inside. 
"Right, let's go upstairs" she said briskly.

"Take this jacket off first" I commanded.  "I'm hot and sweaty
and need a shower before I deal with you, my girl."

Sally didn't reply.  Instead she picked up one of the remote controls
and pressed a couple of the buttons.  I had almost forgotten the butt
plug but now it began moving vigorously inside me.  "Jesus!" 
I shouted.  "Turn that fucking thing off."

She frowned and walked over to a bag lying in the corner.  She
took something out and came back to where I was standing, gasping and arching
my back.  "Open your mouth Paul.  You know I don't like bad language."

"Please Sally," I pleaded.  "Not the gag again.  It really
hurt my jaw."

"This one won't hurt, you sissy" she replied.  "I might even turn
your plug off if you're a good boy."

Reluctantly I opened my mouth and was relieved to find only a smaller,
soft rubber ball on a short stem pushed into it.  A wide flange of
stiff rubber round the stem covered my face from below my nose to my chin
and when Sally pulled a strap tight and fastened it behind my head, the
flange compressed the flesh of my face.  Another strap formed an inverted
V on either side of my nose as she pulled it up over my head and attached
it to the one at the back.  Sally came round to look at her handiwork
and smiled.  "There, that's not too bad is it?" she said as she switched
off the torment in my anus.  I sagged in relief but watched anxiously
as she reached forward and took hold of a bulb which I now saw was attached
to a tube running from the gag.

"I'll just make sure it fits properly" she said and began squeezing
the bulb.  At first I didn't realise what was happening but then I
felt the ball in my mouth begin to expand.  Quickly it filled my mouth
and began pushing my cheeks out against the tight strap round my head. 
I shook my head violently but stopped when I saw her reach for the remote
control.  Helplessly I stood there while Sally went on squeezing as
I felt the strap bite into my cheeks.  Finally she stroked my bulging
face and smiled, nodding to herself.  I saw that her own face was
flushed and there were beads of perspiration on her upper lip.  I
hoped her obvious arousal would soon persuade her to bring this experience
to a climax.

"Now perhaps you'll do as you're told" she snapped and picked up the
two straps which had originally bound my legs.  "Come with me."

I followed her obediently expecting to go to our bedroom.  Instead
she led me into the lounge and made me sit on a deep sofa.  I glared
at her as she used the two straps to secure my legs.  "There, you
can watch TV while I prepare supper, but first I want to make a phone call." 
I was becoming annoyed now but at the same time I was still strongly aroused
by my helplessness and the tight rubber clothes I was wearing.

"Hello Leah.  It's Sally."
………………
"Things went very well really.  I think Paul quite enjoyed it
but he's not talking to me at the moment."
………………
"I think he's a wee bit angry but that's not why he's giving me the
silent treatment.  He can't talk to anyone at the moment."
………………
Sally gave a gurgle of amusement.  "Oh yes, he's still wearing
the devil suit and the jacket you put on him.  I took the gag off
though because the baby said it was hurting him.  But then he swore
at me so I've replaced it with the one that pumps up.  He looks as
though he's blowing a trumpet.  He's growling at me now and shaking
his head.  That's about all he can move.
…………..
"We're in the lounge.  He's going to watch TV while I make us
some supper.  Can you get away for an hour or so and join us. 
Just a steak and salad."
…………..
"Good.  I'll expect you in about half an hour then.  "Bye."

I glared at Sally as she came over and turned on the TV.  She patted
me on the head and went off to the kitchen.  She had switched to a
news channel but I did not really take it in.  I sat and pondered
how I was going to play this and decided I would be calm, cool and a little
distant.  I had already learnt that losing my temper would not help
although it occurred to me that if I pretended to be angry I might discover
just how far Sally was prepared to go.

Things did not go as I planned.  Leah came in and frowned when
she saw me.  "You are cruel, Sally" she exclaimed.  "Poor Paul! 
You've pumped up that gag too tightly.  Here, let me take it off."

I flexed my mouth and licked my lips when the gag was removed. 
"Thank you Leah" I said.  "Have you come to rescue me from this perverted
harpy I married?"

" Watch it buster" exclaimed Sally.  "Remember there's a remote
control on the table beside you which doesn't operate the TV."

Leah sat down beside me and stroked my face.  She shook her head. 
"Oh no" she said, "I'm not going to rescue you.  I'm merely suggesting
that Sally could be a little more subtle in your punishment.  If she
is going to keep you like this for any length of time she'll have to learn
to play you like a violin."

"You're an expert, are you?"  I asked sarcastically.

The smile she gave me was pure evil.  "Oh yes" she nodded, "you
really must come to The Dungeon and ask some of the members.  Mind
you" she added, "the ones who most appreciate my services are real masochists. 
I suspect you are not quite in that category but Sally will find that out
in the months to come."

It was a weird supper.  My legs were released and I was sat at
the table like a Hannibal Lecter victim.  Sally fed me pieces of steak,
french fries and salad.  I sipped my wine through a straw which lessened
the pleasure of what was a very good wine.  I tried not to react while
the two women laughed about the things Sally might do to me but I nearly
choked when my dear, conventional wife said she would like to test out
the Ludo story on me.  I expect you know it.  A group of women
at a golf club.  One of them says she saw a man having a pee in some
bushes on the course early that morning when she was practising by herself. 
She could not see his top half but she quickly focused the binoculars she
used for birdwatching.

"My dears" she gasped, "he had a tattoo on his thing!"

"What was it?" several of the women demanded.  "As far as I could
make out" replied the birdwatcher "it said ‘L U D O’."

There was much speculation about whether the man was a member of the
club and, if so, who he might be.  Increasingly ribald suggestions
were made about what the letters could stand for.  'Lift Up to Deliver
Orgasms' was the favourite.

At that point the youngest woman in the group stood up and gathered
her things together, preparing to leave.  She was not popular with
the others because she was more attractive than them and several of their
husbands fancied her.  She turned to the birdwatcher and smiled.

"He is a member of the club" she announced, "and it says LLANDUDNO not
LUDO."

After Leah had left I asked Sally how long she intended to keep me in
the straitjacket.  She smiled and told me that depended on whether
I was a good boy or not.  I began to appreciate how little I had really
known her when she finally led me to our bedroom.  She peeled off
my trousers and lashed my ankles to the bottom of the bed.  Taking
off her clothes she knelt with her knees beside my head, her hands by my
waist.  She lowered herself on to my face and told me to explore with
my tongue.  I had never dared do this with her before.  I complied
enthusiastically and she responded by taking me in her mouth.  I lost
count of how many times she climaxed but, each time I was about to join
her, she lifted her head.  I realised I was at the mercy of a highly
skilled tease.  Finally, though, she reversed her position and kissed
me passionately on the lips.  We came together and she lay on top
of me, hugging me tightly as her breathing slowed and she gave a series
of shuddering sighs.

"You've been a very, very good boy, Paul" she whispered.  Would
you like me to release you?"  She rolled off me and pulled my body
towards her.  I kissed her on the end of her nose.

"Not really" I replied.  She laughed and kissed me lightly on the
lips.

"You need a shower" she said "but first I want you to promise me something. 
Any time in future when I call you a devil you will let me do whatever
I want to you."  With hardly any hesitation I promised and thus the
D word of command entered my life.

I awoke late the next morning, a Sunday, and discovered Sally had already
left the bedroom.  I found her at her computer.  She smiled at
me and announced we were going shopping.  I saw she was looking at
a web site for a store selling fetish wear.

"There are a lot of places open on a Sunday" she said happily. 
"We're going to visit them all."

I felt embarrassed to start with, particularly when it seemed that many
of the assistants in the shops we visited were gay men.  They reacted
to Sally's enthusiasm by producing all kinds of weird clothing, accessories
and toys which they thought we would enjoy.  Some of the accessories
looked extremely painful to me and I tried to persuade Sally she did not
need the variety of paddles and whips she bought.  But there was no
holding her and the trunk of my Jaguar was soon filled with packages. 
I couldn't help responding to Sally's mood and after a late lunch we went
for a walk in Hyde Park.  It was a beautiful sunny day and we walked
with our arms round one another, occasionally stopping to kiss.

"You know we've been behaving like a couple of teenagers, don't you?" 
I said to Sally as we went back to the car.  She nodded happily. 
"Yes" she agreed, "but you are a real devil of a teenager, aren't you. 
Come on, let's go home.  I want to try on some of my new outfits and
then I'm going to play with you all night."

That was the first time Sally used to the D word on me and I had intended
to describe what she did to me then and on many subsequent occasions but
it has taken me far longer to write this than I expected.  I know
from experience how painful a ball gag can become if you have one in your
mouth for a long time.  I'm just going to pop up to Leah's bedroom
to see how they are getting on.  I'll be back in a few minutes.

                          
\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Phew!  Such language!  When I took their gags off they both
started yelling at me, telling me what they would do to me when they were
free.  I pointed out they were not in any position to make threats
and if they didn't shut up I would leave them shackled the whole weekend. 
Leah went quiet and just glared at me but Sally pleaded with me to at least
take off the nipple clamps.  I made her say 'please dearest master'
before I removed them but Leah refused and instead began threatening me
again.  I left her clamps in place, taped her mouth shut and put a
gas mask on her.  I suppose I may regret that in due course.

The reason I am in a bit of a rush is that I have plans for this evening. 
I am going out with Gerry and Jemmy to the SkinTwo Rubber Ball and I've
bought a stunning outfit for it.  It's a long tube dress with a high
neck and long sleeves made of the most beautiful, soft Malaysian rubber
in pastel green.  There are white rubber stockings, green frilly rubber
panties and a high-waisted girdle which laces up to give me a slimmer figure. 
The boys want me to wear a bra with moulded inserts and Jemmy will make
me up and lend me some jewellery.  Now that I've grown my hair long
I shall not have to wear a wig which will be a relief.  I'm quite
excited because the boys are meeting up with some of their friends known
as 'The Rubber Bikers'.  Apparently, instead of leathers they wear
thick rubber clothing with studs and chains as ornamentation.  Gerry
says they are a bit rough but good fun and they may take us for a ride. 
I suppose I shall have to go side saddle if that happens.

If I am able to, I shall continue this saga another time by describing
some of the things which have happened to me which have caused me to stage
this revolt including my adventures around London as a supposed hermaphrodite,
a rubber clad maid servant whom Sally and Leah introduced to their female
friends as a Romanian refugee rescued from an orphanage.  You will
hardly believe the sexual preferences of some of the women in this town
when they think they have at their mercy a poor, foreign girl who happens
to have been born with male genitalia.

Meanwhile, I am going to unlock Sally's handcuffs and leave the keys
to the leg shackles on Leah's dressing table.  By the time she has
freed herself and discovered that I have hidden the keys to Leah's handcuffs,
I'll be out of here and hopefully I shall be the belle of the Rubber Ball
tonight.  Wish me luck.

                                               
THE END
