---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Sex Mummy
authors:
- Abrank
tags:
- MF/m
- bond
- mum
- wrap
- electroplay
- reluct/cons
- X
date: 2006-10-11 00:00:00
---

The
three girls slowly approached the mummy.  It
was lying on its back on a table with its ankles locked in metal stocks.  It was completely wrapped in white bandages except for a dark object
sticking straight up.

"Wow,
is that a real penis?" the blonde asked.

"Try
it and see," replied Candy.

The
blonde grasped the latex-covered penis, and the mummy moaned in response.  She rubbed her hand up and down and the mummy arched it's back and
raised it's pelvis.

"I
think he's going to have an orgasm," the blonde said, her mouth open in
wonder.

"Who
wants to go first?" Candy asked.

"I
do!" said the redhead.  She
slipped off her panties and climbed onto the table.  She stood astride the mummy and then slowly squatted, guiding the erect
penis into her already wet pussy.  As
she did so the mummy suddenly thrust its pelvis upwards, forcing its penis deep
into her.

"Oh
my God!" the redhead screamed.  "I
don't think I can take this."  She
raised herself a little and said to the mummy, "Not so hard my dear mummy, be
more gentle."  She carefully
lowered herself but the mummy thrust upwards again, just as hard as before.

"I
don't think he can hear you," said Candy,  "He is a mummy you know."

The
redhead was more prepared for the second thrust.  She waited a few seconds then lowered herself again and began to rock
back and forth.  She found that if
she lowered herself straight down the mummy would thrust hard upwards, but if
she moved back and forth the mummy's motions were gentler.

"Wow.
This is almost like a fucking machine," the redhead said, "only better."

The
blonde and Candy watched in silence as the redhead rode the mummy to orgasm.  Her climax was awesome with vigorous thrusts from both her and the mummy.  The onlookers felt themselves getting wet with desire.

The
redhead lay on the mummy to recover, then lifted herself off the mummy's penis
and carefully stepped down onto the floor.

"Are
you sure there's a man in there?" asked the blonde, eyeing the mummies still
erect penis.

"Oh
yes, it's a real man.  Quite a
handsome one if you must know."

"Well
there's no sense in wasting a good erection," said the blonde taking off her
panties and skirt.

"Let
me clean it for you," said Candy.  She
gently wiped the penis, which was running with the redhead's love juices.  "Do you want me to oil it?"

"No,
I think I'm wet enough," said the blonde.  "In any case I don't like them too slippery."

She
climbed onto the table and gently lowered herself onto the penis.  Like the redhead she was caught by surprise as the mummy thrust
vigorously upward.

"Hot
damn!" she said, "I think he really likes to surprise us."  Having watched the redhead, she rode the mummy carefully, occasionally
pressing down to receive a powerful upwards thrust in return, but mostly moving
more slowly to receive gentler motions.  It
took her five minutes to reach orgasm.  Towards
the end they could all hear the mummy make groaning sounds as he thrust upwards.

"I
think he's having an orgasm too," remarked the redhead.

o-o-O-o-o

Stephan
was a free man.  He hadn't been
acquitted of the crime, but jury was hung, they could not agree on a verdict.  The judge dismissed them and the prosecutor decided not to proceed with
another trial, he thought the evidence was not convincing enough to overcome the
persuasive arguments of the defense lawyer.  Perhaps the person who suffered most in Stephan's family was his father
who had paid the exorbitant legal fees.

Phil
felt sickened by the decision.  The
murdered girl was his sister, Samantha, and he was certain that Stephan was
guilty.  Although Sammy, as she had
been affectionately known, was sexually involved with Stephan, she was not his
only girl friend.  Stephan, who had
outrageously good looks, was never short of female admirers.  But
he was not content with regular sex; he preferred kinky sex that involved
inflicting pain on his partners.  Sammy
had described some of things Stephan had forced her to do, dangerous games
involving bondage and partial asphyxiation.

Phil
was angry that he had not been allowed to testify at Stephan's trial, the
defense lawyers claimed his testimony was all hearsay and had him excluded.  He was glad his parents were dead.  They
did not have to suffer the anguish of seeing their beautiful daughter murdered
and the killer walking free.

The
case did not seem to hurt Stephan.  On
the contrary, he had more girl friends than ever.  They were attracted by his charm and by the hints of his sexual prowess
revealed at the trial.

Phil
was prepared to move on and accept the situation as a cruel twist of fate, but
his involvement with Stephan was not finished.

o-o-O-o-o

Phil
was dating Cornelia, an attractive girl whom he thought would make a good wife.  He intended to propose to her but hesitated, marriage seemed like such a
big step.  They attended a reception
given by a gallery for an artist friend of theirs.  They separated, as was their custom at parties, to circulate around the
room.  A girl Phil had never seen
before came up to him and introduced herself as Candy.  She offered condolences on the loss of his sister and said she wanted to
discuss something with him, but the party was not the place.  Could they meet somewhere for coffee?  Phil agreed and she gave him her telephone number.  But Phil had no intention of calling her; he was fully committed to
Cornelia and had no desire to get involved with anyone else.

Later
that evening he was surprised to see Stephan at the reception.  He felt like leaving but decided to stay since the artist was such a good
friend.  But a worse surprise was in
store for him.  Twenty minutes later
he saw Cornelia talking to Stephan who appeared to be using his charms on her.  That night Phil and Cornelia had a heated argument, Phil saying that she
should not be talking to such an evil person, and Cornelia asserting her right
to talk to anyone she chose.

Two
weeks later Cornelia broke up with Phil saying said she was bored with him and
had met someone else.

A
few days later Phil discovered that the someone else was Stephan.  This was almost too much.  He
sank into a deep depression made worse by his hatred of Stephan whom he felt had
completely ruined his life.

o-o-O-o-o

The
following Saturday, while cleaning out the pockets of his trousers to take them
to the cleaners, he found Candy's phone number.  He called her and they arranged to meet that afternoon at a coffee shop.

"I
wanted to say that I think Stephan really did murder your sister," said Candy
as she sipped her cappuccino.

"I'm
sure he did," Phil responded.  "Is
that what you wanted to say to me?  If
so, I'm leaving.  I really don't
want to discuss Stephan."

"No
don't go.  Hear me out.  I think Stephan is a really dangerous person, and if the law can't do
anything about him, then we should."

"I'm
not a vigilante and, much as I hate Stephan, I don't think I could kill
him."

"I'm
not suggesting you do.  I want to
give Stephan a taste of his own medicine for what he tried to do to me, and for
what I am sure he's done to others.  Besides
which I can't stand the thought of murderers walking free.  That case where the obviously guilty football player was acquitted
sickened me, and I resolved that if I were ever in a situation where I could
stop a murderer enjoying his life after taking the life of another, then I would
do it."

"What
did Stephan do to you?"

"I
went on a date with him.  My friends
had warned me about him, but I'm into bondage and I was curious about Stephan.  Anyway I took precautions and wore my chastity belt."

"You
wore a chastity belt!?"

"Yes.  Don't look so surprised.  Its
quite comfortable and being made of steel protects me against being raped.  Well anyway, I went out to dinner with him and the next thing I knew I
woke up in his apartment.  Fortunately
he hadn't handcuffed me or anything, and he said that I had fallen asleep.  I was suspicious but didn't say anything."

"Suspicious
of what?"

"I
don't normally fall asleep in the middle of a date, particularly with an
interesting person like Stephan, so I suspected he had given me some kind a
drug, probably a date rape drug."

"What
happened next?"

"Nothing
really.  He took me home since I was
feeling a bit woozy.  But when I
undressed I found my panties weren't on quite the way I normally have them.  I think Stephan was going to rape me but gave up when he discovered my
chastity belt."

"So
why didn't you testify at his trial?"

"I
was going to, but Stephan's lawyer told the judge my testimony didn't prove
anything and would be prejudicial to his client.  The judge agreed so I wasn't allowed to testify."

"Me
neither.  Do you think the judge had
been bribed?"

"I
don't know.  Anyway it's clear
that we're not going to get any satisfaction through the law."

"Do
you know what else Stephan did?"

"I'm
sure he's done many things."

"He
seduced my girlfriend.  I was
planning to propose to her."

"I'm
sorry for you, I really am.  But
that's not a crime.  What he did
to your sister is a crime, as is what he tried to do to me."

"Yes,
but I worry about Cornelia.  I think
she's in danger with Stephan."

"So
what do you plan to do about it?"

"I
don't know.  Short of buying a gun
and shooting him there's nothing I can do."

"Well
I think there is something we can do.  But
I can't do it alone; I need your cooperation.  Are you prepared to devote some months of your life to seeing that
Stephan gets what he deserves?"

"Yes,
my life is ruined anyway.  I will do
whatever you say short of actually killing the bastard."

"Well
here's my plan."

o-o-O-o-o

Phil
moved out of the city into the country.  He
viewed several properties and purchased an old farmhouse.  It was quite isolated and had a large basement with access from the
outside.  He moved into the house
two months after the conversation with Candy and immediately began work on
structural changes and redecoration.

Candy
resumed her relationship with Stephan.  She
indicated that she was a dom and had a number of sub clients that liked to be
punished.  She had photos to prove
it.  In reality these were photos of
her girl friends who were also into bondage.  This piqued Stephan's interest and he asked to be allowed to
participate.  She said her slaves
would never accept him as a master, but if he masqueraded as one of them he
could join in some of their bondage games.  It would amuse her to then let him have his way with them, to whip them
and torment them in other ways.

Stephan
begged to be allowed to do this.  Candy
pretended to reluctantly agree, and said that she belonged to a secret bondage
club that met from time to time.  If
Stephan were really interested she would ask the host if she could invite him.  Stephan replied that he was, and Candy promised to see what she could do.

o-o-O-o-o

"My
bondage club is going to have a mummy party next week," Candy said.  "Would you be interested in going?"

"What's
a mummy party?" asked Stephan.

"The
participants get wrapped in bandages just like an old Egyptian mummy.  You can get a wonderful sexual high being wrapped up and helpless."

"That
doesn't sound like much fun."

"Oh
it is.  You should try it at least
once.  Actually, if you want,
there's a special wrap for male mummies.  The bandages cover the body except for the penis, which sticks out.  The girls make love to the mummy.  I'm
told it's wonderful being made love to in this way and not being able to do
anything about it.  Sometimes I wish
I were a man."

"That
sounds more exciting."

"There's
more.  You get to whip one of the
girls who made love to you.  Originally
we made it so that the mummy whipped the girl who gave the least satisfying sex,
but we found that some girls so liked to be whipped that they deliberately
performed poorly.  So now we let the
mummy choose."

"Hey,
that sounds really exciting."

"Do
you want to go?  I think I can get
you invited."

"Sure,
I'd like to try it.  When's the
party?"

"One
evening next week.  The host
doesn't announce the day ahead of time; he's afraid of police raids.  I'll have to call you on the day to let you know.  Are you free next week?"

"Let
me see.  I can't do it Tuesday,
and Friday and the weekend are out, but I think I'm available the rest of the
time."

"OK,
I'll call you when I get the message.  There's
one more thing."

"What's
that?"

"There's
a $200 entry fee.  It pays for the
drinks and the equipment, and we give a cash prize to the girl who gets whipped
the hardest."

"That
seems expensive"

"I'll
tell you what, since you will be coming as my guest I'll pay your fee.  If you have a great time you can pay me back later.  I'm sure it will be an experience you'll never forget."

"OK,
thanks."

o-o-O-o-o

Candy
called Stephan at 8:00 o'clock Monday evening.  "I haven't gotten a telephone call, so it's not going to be
tonight.  He calls before eight if
it's on.  Lets hope its not
tomorrow."

She
called him again at 7:35 pm on Wednesday.  "The
party's on for tonight.  I only
just got the word so we don't have much time.  Can you meet me in the Sear's parking lot at the side entrance in 10
minutes?"

"I'll
try."

"We
don't want to be late.  Come as
you are, you can bring your favorite whip if it's handy."

"OK,
I'll meet you there."

Ten
minutes later Candy was waiting at the designated spot, but there was no sign of
Stephan.

'God!  I hope he doesn't chicken out at the last minute,' she thought.  'All this preparation for nothing.'

But
two minutes later she was relieved to see Stephan drive up in his Porsche.  Candy looked around; there was no one else in sight.  She rolled down her window and called out, "I'll drive.  Get in, we don't want to be late."

Stephan
hurried over carrying a whip and got into the passenger seat.

"Here's
a blindfold," Candy said.  "The
host likes visitors to be blindfolded; he doesn't want them to know where
these little parties are held.  But
I trust you, if you don't want to put it on that's OK.  If the host asks, I'll tell him you were blindfolded."

"OK,
thanks," said Stephan and made no move to put the blindfold on.

'Typical,'
thought Candy as she drove through the increasing darkness to the house where
the session was to take place.

When
they arrived there was only one other car in the driveway.

"Looks
like we're one of the first," said Candy.  "Bring your blindfold."

They
got out of the car and descended some steps to a door.  This had a heavy iron knocker and a sliding panel.

"Put
your blindfold on," said Candy and knocked twice.

The
sliding panel opened.  "Who
knocks?" intoned a muffled voice.

"Thirty
four," replied Candy.

The
door opened and Candy took Stephen's hand and guided him inside.  The door closed, and she removed his blindfold.

Stephan
found himself in a small and windowless room.  It contained a TV and eight easy chairs arranged around the walls.  A wooden door covered with iron studs and pierced by a large keyhole
faced the door through which they had entered.  The man who had let them in was dressed from head to foot in black
leather.  Only his eyes were
visible, the rest of his head being concealed by a bondage hood.  The mouth opening was zippered closed and secured with a small padlock.  His wrists and ankles were chained together and another chain connected
them.

"Here's
the fee," said Candy handing him an envelope.  "It pays for my guest as well.  His
name is eighty-seven."

The
leather clad man nodded in acknowledgment and took the money.  He said in a muffled voice, "You're early, we're still setting up.  Would you like a drink while you wait?"

"I'll
take a glass of red wine.  Pinot
Noir if you have it," said Candy.

"And
I'll have beer," said Stephan.

The
man stared from one to the other.  "Very
funny!  You should know better,
thirty-four.  But I suppose you must
have your little joke.  Tonight
it's Margaritas.  Would you like
one?"

"Yes
please, I'll take one," said Candy.

"Me
too."

"Salt
or no salt?" said the man looking directly at Stephan.

"With
salt," said Stephan.

"No
salt for me," said Candy. 

The
man disappeared through the studded door and Stephan turned to Candy.  "How come we're early?"

"I'm
sorry.  These usually start at
eight.  I just assumed this would be
the same."

They
sat in silence.  Stephan fingered
his whip and seemed a little annoyed.

The
man returned bearing a tray with two glasses.

"When
does it start?" Candy asked him.

"At
nine.  Didn't you get the
message?"

"I'm
not sure.  I just assumed it was
eight."

"Do
you want to watch a movie while you wait?"

"Sure."

The
man turned on the TV and started the DVD player.  The movie began.  It was a
bondage movie that Candy had seen before and was not one of the most exciting.

After
a few minutes Candy looked across at Stephan.  His eyes were closed.

"Finish
your drink Stephan," she said.  "You've
almost spilled it."

"Oh
yes," Stephan said and took another sip.

Five
minutes later Stephan was snoring and his glass was on the floor.

Candy
got up and turned off the TV.  "It's
time for the party to begin," she said quietly.

o-o-O-o-o

When
Stephan awoke, he was assailed by strange sensations.  Things seemed to be pressing into his body in many places and there were
objects in his mouth and in his ass.  He
was lying on his back.  He tried to
move his arms and legs but couldn't, the only thing he could move was his
head.  He opened his eyes and looked
around.  He was in a rectangular
chamber lit by candles in wall brackets.  By
their flickering light he could see that the walls were decorated with
hieroglyphics and paintings of ancient Egyptians.  There were two tables, the one he was lying on and another which
supported a sarcophagus.  He tried
to sit up but as he did so something dug into his waist and he lay down again.  He looked down at his body and saw that it was covered with bandages
except for his penis which was sticking straight up in an erection.  Except that it wasn't his penis.  It
was too large and his real penis felt like it was being bent down between his
legs.

"Hey
what's going on?" he shouted through his gag.  "Where am I?"

A
door opened and Candy strode into the room followed by Phil.  They were both dressed in long white gowns.

"Ah
you're finally awake," said Candy inserting a plug into Stephan's gag and
tightening the strap so that he could no longer breathe through his mouth.  "You fell asleep you know.  You
must have been tired."

"Let
me out of this!" said Stephan, but his words were muted and unintelligible.

"Don't
try to speak," said Candy soothingly.  "Save
your energy for later, you will need it.  You
did agree to be mummified, and your mummification is almost complete; we just
have to wrap your head.  I wanted
you to be awake as we complete the ceremony."

Stephan
mumbled something and tried to sit up.

Candy
pushed him down and said to Phil, "I think this mummy's going to be too
active.  Could you bring me the
slave collar?"

Phil
returned with a heavy iron collar which he locked round Stephan's neck.  It had chain at the back which Phil fed through a hole in the table and
padlocked underneath.

"Now
try to sit up," said Candy.

Stephan
found he could raise his neck about six inches from the table.  He held the position for a few seconds then relaxed and lay back down.

"There,
that's more like it," said Candy.  "Whoever
heard of a mummy that could sit up?  Now,
before we finish wrapping you I want to explain what we've done and what's
going to happen.  As you can
probably feel you are wearing a steel chastity belt.   There's an artificial penis attached to the front.  I know you can't feel it, but you may have noticed it, it sticks out
through the bandages just as I promised.  Oh
yes, I make you a present of it so it's definitely your penis.  Now I'm keeping another of my promises.  Some beautiful girls are going to come and make love to your penis.  Don't worry, you won't be entirely without sensation, in fact we've
amplified the sensation for you.  Your
penis has micro switches built into it.  When
the girls push down on it, as I'm sure they will, powerful electric shocks
will be delivered to your muscles causing you to thrust upwards.  You won't have any control over this, but let me assure you the girls
will enjoy it.  But don't think
I've neglected your poor chastised penis.  If they squeeze your artificial penis, micro switches will deliver some
nice juicy shocks to your real one.  Isn't
that thoughtful of me?  There are
other electrodes in your body, I'm not sure how many Phil implanted, but if
your penis is moved sideways it will cause you to writhe and squirm in some
quite amusing ways."

"Why
are you doing this to me?"

Candy
guessed at what he said.  "Why am
I doing this?  Why, to pay you back
for all the things you've done of course."  She paused for a second then continued.  "Oh yes, there's one more promise I will keep if you ever manage to
escape; I will allow you to whip one of us.  But I don't think that's going to happen."

Stephan
mumbled something unintelligible.

"Don't
try to talk anymore.  Just relax and
enjoy the sensations as I finish your mummification."

Candy
inserted the breathing tubes into his nose and applied a leather blindfold.  She put headphones over his ears and began to wrap bandages around his
head.  Stephan appeared to be
begging and pleading with her, but she ignored him.  As the layers of bandages grew thicker and tighter, his complaints
gradually became quieter.  She
turned on the white noise generator to his headphones and his mumbling ceased
entirely.

"It's
time to tell my girls we're ready for them," said Candy.  "Phil, you'd better wait in the other room and watch on the monitor.  They don't know you and will feel more comfortable in this first
session if it's just me."

o-o-O-o-o

After
the blonde had finished bouncing on Stephan's penis, she descended from the
table and put her skirt back on.  "Thank
you Candy, I needed that," she said.

"Oh
you're very welcome.  I didn't
want to keep him all to myself.  You
can come back tomorrow if you like."

"Oh
thank you, I'd love too."

"Me
too," said the redhead.  "And
thank you so much for sharing him with us.  I think I will be on a high for the rest of the day."

After
the girls had gone, Candy stroked the mummy's bandaged head saying, "It's
my turn now.  I feel like a nice
long lovemaking session.  And after
I'm done, I think Phil wants to play with you.  You're so lucky; you're even more popular now as a mummy than you
were before.  I think I will have to
start taking reservations."

o-o-O-o-o
