---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Mistress Takes Control 2
authors:
- Cappis
tags:
- F/m
- D/s
- bond
- rope
- cuffs
- hogtie
- hood
- gag
- tease
- torment
- chast
- denial
- oral
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2013-04-21 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Mistress Takes Control**](mistresstakescontrol.html))

**Part Two**

I didn’t understand, the first time James quoted that remark. But it means that the bondage experience is enhanced once the victim realizes that he really cannot escape. The bondage becomes much more real when he wants to escape, struggles his hardest, tries his best to escape, and can’t. So the element of discomfort, or pain, is added to make that victim genuinely try his hardest to get loose. And it’s the inability to escape that validates the bondage, that gives it the extra kick of legitimacy. And so, with this understanding, I fully went along with the scenarios which my fiancé orchestrated.

The first and most obvious things we tried were nipple clamps. They are frequently featured in internet bondage pictures and are sold in every sex shop. James started slow, first asking that they be left on for 5 minutes, then 10 minutes, then with weights. I tried them on myself and didn’t think that they hurt much, but I realized that they would become really uncomfortable after 5 or 10 minutes, especially with the weights. Then he experimented with those little plastic clothespins, a lot meaner, for his nipples. And he was always coming up with new and different fantasies. So, that pretty much explains how we got to today’s scenario.

The preparations for today began with him bathing and presenting himself in the bedroom, naked except for his locked cock cage, called the Curve, it really was a well-made device, almost like jewelry. James had presented this to me as a symbol of his devotion and I had fallen in love with the idea, knowing and seeing him under my control, it actually turned me on seeing him in chastity knowing that I control when and if I decide to release him. He also agreed that it gave him an extreme sense of submission, to put his most sensitive parts under my complete control.

With his hands cuffed behind his back, I could attach a leash to the swivel ring and he would have to follow wherever I led. I frequently enjoyed tying the leash to one of the corner legs of our bed, to keep him on his knees and then I would lay back, with my legs draped over his shoulders, and command him to lick me for as long as I wanted and giving him directions; higher, lower, faster, slower.

It was easy to understand why this cock cage gave him an extra sense of vulnerability and submission. His balls were held down, his cock encased in his tube and all locked. And those trapped balls looked especially vulnerable since he started shaving off his pubic hair. Or I should say since I started removing it. He liked for me to keep myself shaved, and one day I suggested that it was only fair for him to reciprocate, and he was more than happy to comply. Keeping shaved fitted in perfectly with his fantasies of submission.

It was James who suggested, for the first time that his pubic hair was removed, that I shave him while he was bound and gagged. I went one better. When he was securely spread-eagled, blindfolded and gagged, I trimmed his pubic hair to about ½” long and then waxed him. I knew only too well that it hurt, but not too horribly. After all, I’d done it to myself many times. And the hair grows back much slower than with shaving, and when it does grow back it seems softer and silkier. James keeps himself cleanly shaved most of the time, but when he stops and lets it grow, I know that he is asking for another waxing

When James presented himself for bondage, I would make him put his hands behind his back, I would roughly grab his arms and position them wrist to wrist while I am scolding him that he should already know how I want them, I then tied his wrists three or four times around pulled tight and would wrap ropes around his arms, above his breasts and below pulled tight and making the total rope harness with his wrists pinned in the small of his back.

I then would take more rope and tie his wrists up pulling them higher up his back and continue with ropes over his shoulders and going thru his legs on each side of his cock cage and balls then back up his back to his wrists, effectively creating total immovable and inescapable rope harness and his arms were out of the way of his ass. Especially when I was feeling sadistic like tonight James noticed that I had put out the whips, flogger paddle and leather straps.

James was about to complain when I pulled his hair back and pulled a leather hood over his head, I quickly started lacing up the leather hood tightly, pulling it extra tight so that all there was left was eye openings that I could zipper closed, nose holes for breathing and a mouth opening with a zipper to close if I wanted ( but I had a much more effective way of shutting him up.... I grabbed the leather penis gag and shoved it in as he started to complain and buckled it tightly so no noise could be heard and he had to have that leather cock like piece in his mouth humiliating him more. I zipped his eye openings and a tight blindfold over that for good measure. I was feeling quite bitchy and mean tonight and his ass would feel it :-)

As mentioned my Bitchy attitude made me delight in putting him a strict HOGTIE first.... and with his cock cage on being on his stomach would be agony for him as a vicious smile crossed my face :-)... throwing him on the bed on his stomach and sitting on his calves as I tied his ankles four or five times around his ankles real tight... then trying to cinch in between with another length of rope, which made it much tighter.

Then I pulled his bound ankles up as far as they would go pulling the rope to his harness forcing his heels to touch his ass... OMG!! he was making me so hot seeing him in this position... I will have to make him suffer longer for me. Before I leave him here, I wanted to finish him and make sure he will be thinking of me when I leave him here for awhile.

I grabbed his big toes and tied them tightly together then another length of rope thru the middle as to cinch and pulled them back to the top of his leather hood to a D ring and pulled them back so that his head was pulled back as far as it would go so as to make him completely immovable.... MMM mmmm! Now just a few more ropes... so that he really couldn't move an inch.... one from each corner of the bed attached to all points of his body... pulled ever so tight... he was now evenly pulled tight in all directions.

"NOW James you just think about me and what I am going to do to you next..........."

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=812.0)
