---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Home Invasion
authors:
- Jon Deets
tags:
- M+/mf
- force
- bond
- chairtie
- strip
- hum
- rope
- cuckold
- sex
- anal
- climax
- reluct/cons
- XX
date: 2013-08-28 00:00:00
---

I'll admit it. I was dozing a bit when the doorbell rang. It was fairly late, and we weren't expecting anyone. "I'll get it" I said, as I got up from my chair. I opened the front door and immediately got punched in the stomach. Hard enough that I hit my knees. Which is when I got hit over the head and saw stars.

When I woke up I was in my bedroom and tied to a chair. Tightly. Both my arms and legs were tied in 4 different places to the chair and there was zero chance I was going to move much. Which is when I noticed the three men standing in front of me, holding my wife. Who was topless, wearing only panties, and with a very scared look on her face.

"I will fucking kill every one of you!" I managed to say, right before one of the guys slapped my wife's face. Hard. He then said, "If you say another word we aren't going to hurt you, we are going to hurt her." I shut up.

Then another of them said, "It's your wife's lucky night. She is going to be fucked all night long. And you are going to watch."

With that, they told her, "Take off the panties, sweetheart, we want to see your honey hole."

With that comment, my wife said "fuck you" and tried to run. They caught her easily, and this time one of them reached over to me, and very casually punched me in the side of the head. Hard. And then said to my wife, "if you don't cooperate, we aren't going to hurt you, we are going to hurt him." With that, my wife shut up and took her panties off.

One of the guys left the room twice and came back with three chairs. "First" one of them said, "we want to see you dance. Get on the bed and dance sexy for us." My wife stood on the bed, naked and forlorn, and began swayin back and forth. "No," one of the men said, "we want you to dance like it's how you earn your living. Or do you like seeing your husband get punched?" With that, she immediately danced like a Vegas showgirl on a Saturday night.

After about 10 minutes of that, one of the guys said, "come over here, bitch, and give me your wrists." He then tied a rope around both of her wrists, and then around my neck such that her face and breasts were right in my face. He then tied a spreader bar to both of her ankles such that she was spread wide and available. And then, he pulled her back a couple of feet to get her to the right height, inserted his tool into her quim, and proceeded to fuck the daylights out of her. All I saw was bouncing tits and my wife's terrified face and she was taken from behind. The guy came with a mighty roar, and immediately one of the other men said, "it's my turn."

He untied her wrists and immediately tied her spread-eagled to the bed, with all four limbs bound tightly to the bedposts. "Watch this" he said to me with a wink, and inserted his large dick into my wife's pussy and began a slow but vigorous attack on her glory hole. I have to hand it to him, he lasted at least 15 minutes before coming with a grunt like a lion.

The third guy said, "Alright, boys, looks like it's up to me." With that, he took one of the chairs and tied my wife over the back side of the chair, with her ankles tied tight, bent at the waist, and her wrists tied to the front of the chair. He grabbed some KY jelly and inserted a finger in her ass, and said, "I think it's time to try a new hole." He then put some lubricant on his pecker and put his pecker into my wife's asshole, slowly but surely. She whimpered and wailed, as we do not practice anal sex. Once he was fully inserted, her pounded her such that chair moved several inches on every thrust. He did not last as long as his buddy, but yelled a Comanche war cry when he came.

"Time for round 2" one of the guys said, but one of them said, "wait a second. I want to see one more dance." With that, they made my wife get on the bed and dance one more time, with cum dripping out of both her pussy and her asshole. They then proceeded with round 2, and on the second guy I swear my wife had an orgasm, although she tried to hide it.

When they were all done, they told my wife to sit on my lap, facing forwards, and tied her loosely to the chair. "You can undo the knots" one of them said to her, "but in the meantime all of our juices are going to run onto your husband." And with that, they were gone.

My wife managed to untie herself, and then me, after about 30 minutes. I asked her if she was okay, and she said, "What do you think?"

I replied, "I am so sorry, I will call the cops" as I grabbed my cellphone.

My wife replied, "No need to do that. That was payback for gala night where you put me on display on had people use me. I set this entire evening up to get even with you. So there!"

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=1060.0)
