---
original_url: https://www.packagedstories.net/storiesad/bound_in_a_suitcase4.html
subcategory: Packaged/Encasement
title: Bound in a Suitcase
authors:
- Gromet
tags:
- F/f
- FM/f
- bond
- latex
- catsuit
- strip
- naked
- bodybag
- paddle
- hood
- gag
- blindfold
- oral
- cupboard
- susp
- storage
- climax
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-10-26 00:00:00
---

### Part 4: Beth

One day I had a phone call from Beth, my real estate friend who had loaned us the use of the farm that weekend, she intrigued me with the promise of a wonderful surprise that she knew that I would love, and she also said that she had the final edited version of all the videos that she had taken when I was bound and kept a captive at the farm. We arranged to meet later that day. After arriving at her apartment and the usual greetings, kisses and hugs were exchanged between the two of us, I wanted to ask what the surprise was, but Beth anticipated this by telling me that all good things must wait, and only after watching the video would she reveal what she had in store for me.

Sitting down with a glass of wine each, we waited for the images to appear on her big-screen TV. She had taken the videos that were made of the weekend as Blake & Jeff’s slave and, after editing out some of the more boring parts, had come up with a decent video, she told me, one that I would find quite erotic. The screen went from black to color, and the video started out with my abduction, it then progressed to me bound and captive in the cellar, there on the screen was the image of my bound and naked body, suspended from a ceiling and being used by the two men. The action moved to them using the paddles and crop on my body, my cries of pain could be clearly heard, and it brought back wonderful memories of the weekend at the farm. One that I hoped would soon be repeated.

We both sat there sipping on our wine, both mesmerized by the events unfolding on the screen and if I hadn’t had know it I would have thought that this was someone else on the screen being used and abused, it didn’t seem to be me, this was a professional actress playing the part, I was just a voyeur watching on. It was my body bound there and being handled roughly, but to me, it was like I was experiencing an out of body event, this was me but not me if you can understand. As I viewed the action changed as did the bondage, the scenes were very arousing, and I felt myself getting hotter by the moment as the visual delights flickered on the big screen in front of me.

After watching the video both of us were quite turned on by what we had watched, and I wanted to take Beth there and then on the sofa, I wanted to extinguish some of the internal fires that raged in my desires, but Beth wanted to give me her surprise before we did anything in the bedroom. We have both played together before, I had known Beth way back in college, and for a while we were in a sexual relationship, maybe it was an experiment in female sexuality, or was it something more, we were both immature girls finding our way in the world. It was only later that we found each other again that that spark of desire re-awoke within us and we began to explore our feelings for each other, even though by now I was married to Blake.

Beth took my hand and helped me off of the sofa and then led me towards her bedroom, but if I thought that we would soon be naked and exploring each other’s bodies, expecting to spend some quality time in bed with Beth, I was to be quickly disappointed. Once inside her bedroom, I was brought over to the bed, and there waiting on the bed was a black, shiny object just laying there, waiting, it seemed, for me to wear. On closer inspection it was a neck entry latex catsuit, the feel of the material was very sensual, I knew immediately that I wanted to try this on, and wondered to myself what it would feel like to be encased in the smooth latex suit. I had never worn latex before, so had no experience of it, but this it turned out would not be my last.

Beth told me to strip off all of my clothing, she wanted me to be naked inside the suit, the thought of this turned me on even more, again for some reason I felt submissive to Beth and soon complied with her request for me to strip. Now naked and in all my glory I stood there as Beth took in the sight of my body, her eyes seemed to devour my flesh, this sent delightful shivers throughout my body and goosebumps soon formed on my bare skin. Beth took her time in looking at my naked flesh, her eyes taking in the vision before her, one that she could never get tired of she told me, to which I replied that I felt the same about her body and also hoped that she would be naked soon as well.

It was going to be difficult to gain entry to the suit Beth told me, being the only opening was through the neck, but with both of us working at it plus plenty of lubrication the suit was soon worked up over my naked flesh, and soon I was a vision in black from the neck down, the suit was tight against my body and displayed all of my womanly features wonderfully, the suit had stretched to cover every inch of me. I was covered from neck to toe in the latex suit, but I still felt naked, the suit offered no protection in my mind to the watchful eyes of my dominant partner in this adventure. Beth had taken charge of the proceedings, and I was just along for the ride. I felt like a fly in a spider’s web, trapped but looking forward to becoming her prey.

Expecting that this was the surprise that Beth had mentioned, I was looking forward to now spending some time exploring each other’s bodies, maybe with Beth also dressed in a latex catsuit, our bodies writhing about on the bed each covered in rubbery fun, maybe some lube to make it more interesting, but I was again to be denied this pleasure, for now, my fevered imagination and fantasy was not going to be just yet it seemed. Beth said she had more to show me.

Now Beth brought out from a cupboard a leather bodybag and laid this down on top of the bed, this was like the one that we had used back at the farm when my body was encased and buried.

“You want me to get inside that?” I asked.

“Yes please, I think that you’ll like what I’m going to do with you.” Beth smiled back.

This now intrigued me at the events that were unfolding, I didn’t know what to do other than go along with Beth’s plan, thoughts of her taking my bagged body somewhere and maybe burying me flashed through my over-active mind, but then again she would have trouble getting my bagged body out of the apartment complex she lived in, the neighbors would surely notice a tightly bagged female in the lift, and I wondered for a moment what their reactions would be. And explaining this to the cops would be very embarrassing to say the least, though the thought of Beth taking me somewhere and dumping me did give me some delightful feelings.

Coming out of my thoughts, I was prompted by Beth to lay down inside the leather bodybag, I slipped my feet down into the lower part of the bag, the zipper started at a mid-calf level, so I had to squeeze both feet down into the boot section. My feet were now held together by the tight leather enclosure. Beth then took each arm and inserted each one into the inner sleeves each side of the bag, this would stop me playing with myself inside the bag, much to my disappointment and Beth’s sadistic delight judging by her evil smile, she was being a cruel mistress to her slave girl, that’s how I envisaged it in my mind.

Beth then started to close up the bodybag, bringing the zipper closer upwards towards my head and sealing my body inside, she had to make a couple of adjustments as the bag was a very snug fit, but once the zipper had completed its job, my body was sealed inside the bag from the neck down.

Beth then fastened the straps on the outside of the bodybag, pulling each one through the buckle and tightening them until she was satisfied that there was no way I could possibly move. It felt wonderful being bound this way, I have always enjoyed tight enclosure, and this felt like a tight leather all over body hug. My arousal was again building, I felt my desires for Beth to play with my body getting stronger, the warm wet feeling between my legs letting me know I was more than ready, I could feel my breasts rubbing against the inside of the latex suit covering them, the sensation was electric, my nipples trying to stand out against the tight confines and I knew it wouldn’t take much to push me over the edge.

Beth saw from my reactions that I was getting highly aroused and left me for a while to cool off, telling me that I was a very naughty slave, and that bad girls get punished. When she came back, I felt my body rolled over, and her hand started to slap my rear. I cried out my pain into her pillow, especially when a paddle replaced her hand. But what Beth didn’t know was that this was also a turn on for me, here I was bound and in the hands of a beautiful mistress, who was inflicting punishment on her unworthy slave, this fantasy played out in my mind as each blow hit my rear, the leather bodybag and the latex suit taking most of the sting off. The pain was turning to pleasure for me, giving me a sweet relief as the paddle continued to batter on my rear.

Now happy that I was suitably punished, Beth rolled me back over, my hair and makeup was a mess as was her pillow. But unknown to her I had masked my orgasm at her hands by pushing my face deeper into her pillow, this not only muffled my cries of delight but also restricted my breathing, something I found heightened my orgasms when they came over me. With each slap of the paddle Beth unknown brought me closer to climax, my cries which she took to be howls of pain were, in fact, the orgasm overwhelming me. It seemed that Beth didn’t have much experience as a mistress and the deceitful behavior of their slaves in sneaking the odd climax during their punishments. But I think that the smile I wore afterwards and the contented look on my face gave me away.

“You climaxed, didn’t you?” she asked.

All I could do was blush.

“You get off on the pain and humiliation don’t you?” she said.

“Yes, Mistress,” was all I could reply.

Beth was stunned that I had called her mistress, this was not what she was expecting and it at first threw her off balance, but she began to feel a power dwell up inside her, she had liked, no loved to punish her bound captive, it gave her a sense of empowerment, she herself had got off on the way she had treated me, not that she told me this at that time. I was just happy that she was taking me, binding and punishing me and I felt my submissive nature come to the forefront, it gave me a wonderful, comfortable feeling inside, this was my place in the scheme of things, the more I was being taken, used and bound the more I found I liked it.

“Well, slave, time to continue with your surprise,” Beth told me.

Next to be placed on my head was a leather hood, this one had an attachable gag and blindfold, both of which were not fixed on the hood at this time. Beth told me that she wanted me to see what her surprise was going to be. A stiff leather posture collar was also placed around my neck and this denied any possible movement of my head, I tried to see what limited amount of motion I now had as Beth watched on, I tried to move my arms with no success the bodybag and the sleeve inserts taking care of them, my legs also were now bound as a single column of girly flesh, the tight straps not even allowing me to bend my legs too far. My head could not move as the collar was very effective in holding it in place, all I could do it seemed was move my eyes.

A leather full-body harness was then applied to my body, the straps pulled so tight through the buckles that my flesh was squeezed through the gaps, my breathing was restricted, and I found that taking shorter breaths would be the easiest way to breathe for now. There was now no way I could escape, not that I wanted to, I was her captive now to do whatever she wished to do to me, much to my delight. The bodybag containing my body tightly in its confines was now joined in the task of keeping me restrained by the leather harness, this only allowed me to wriggle slightly, all other movement was no longer possible, Beth told me that the rear of the harness was reinforced to further restrict me.

I laid there tightly bound and unable to shift my body and waiting for Beth’s next move, I wasn’t going to have to wait long, Beth began to undress and then approached the bed, she began climbing up my encased form, her hands running over the harness and bodybag, the look in her eyes like that of a predator that has caught its prey. It turned me on being her quarry, and I was looking forward to what was coming next, squirming my body inside the bag. Soon her mouth found mine and our kisses became hotter as we went on, her tongue exploring the inside of my mouth, she was the one in control here, and she was leading the action. Her naked body stood out against the black leather-clad body she lay upon, the stark contrast displaying the power she had over me.

Beth then moved up my body, her soft lips and kisses now gone, and one of her breasts came into my view. I knew immediately what she wanted and my lips found her erect nipple, and I began to suck on it. She pushed her breast closer and I opened my lips as far as I could with the mouth opening of the hood restricting my movements, readily taking the offered flesh in my mouth and suckling on her breast just like a baby, I was swaddled up in the bodybag like an infant, and I relished her flesh with my mouth, my tongue running around her hard nipple, teasing and then again enveloping her entire areola within my warm, wet mouth. Her cries of pleasure were a sweet delight to my muffled hearing.

I was then presented with her other breast and again ravished the flesh offering with great enthusiasm, whilst inside the bag my body was getting hotter by the minute along with my sexual arousal, though at the moment my focus was on my mistress and my own desires would wait. Soon her breasts were denied to me and I lay there waiting for whatever Beth now had planned. Shortly though I saw what Beth now wanted from me as her thighs came into my vision, each one now on the opposite sides of my head and there above me was the shaven female delight of her pussy waiting for my attention. I licked my lips in anticipation of what would be coming next. *Beth would be*, I giggled in my mind.

Lowering herself down until she found my waiting mouth, Beth settled herself pressing down the delicate folds of her sex that were now forced tightly against my lips, my mouth opening and my tongue pushing out to explore her soft, tender flesh, tasting the wonderful musk of her sex. I squirmed again inside my cocoon, delighting in the way that she was using me and if I could have my hands would have been deep within my own sex busily rubbing myself to greater pleasure. But denied by my mistress all I could do was lay there and focus my attention on her, my tongue now seeking a way through the soft folds of her outer labia and into the warmer inner domain of her sexual center.

I could tell that Beth was now beginning to enjoy the movements of her slaves tongue on her sex, she told me later that the feelings of power she had over her slave whilst forcing her to give her oral sex greatly increased her own arousal and desire, something that she had not experienced before but she now knew that she wanted to explore this some more. Something that I agreed with her afterwards that we should definitely explore, our feelings for each other and the power exchange between two women. But for now, my only focus was my mistress’s pleasure, I doubled my efforts and probed her sex with my tongue, running around her soft entrance and pushing against the hard nub of her clit, circling it with my tongue knowing that this was sending Beth wild, her bucking on top of me increasing as she got closer to her own climax.

Her thighs squeezed my head in their vice-like grip, not that I could move it anyway nor did I want to, I was where I wanted to be at this moment and desired nothing more than to please the woman above me, my mistress. I found it even harder to breathe as Beth pressed herself down onto my face, covering my nose and mouth with her vaginal flesh, her musky smell all-enveloping my senses, the taste of her female flesh in my mouth and on my tongue, soon this would be joined by the orgasmic fluid that seemed to gush out of Beth as her climax overtook her, she pressed down even harder as she came, so hard that I thought that she would break my nose.

Beth continued to sit on my face as her orgasm overtook her body, the shivers of sexual enjoyment running through her body, her mind lost temporarily to her sexual brain fog, she told me later that she felt that she was outside of her own body, she was totally overcome by her orgasm for the first time in her life. Once she had regained her senses, she began to realize that she was still sitting on my face, her sex still pressed down onto my nose and mouth, my breathing now becoming very labored in the hot confines between her thighs. The cooler air was a much-needed relief after being denied for so long. I lay there bound in my cocoon of leather, catching my breath whilst Beth laid down beside me to recover.

When she had recovered enough, Beth looked at me with a warm smile on her face, which changed when she told me that she hadn’t finished showing me her surprise. Reaching behind her she brought out the gag attachment of the hood, there was a penis-shaped attachment to the leather panel of the gag which she slipped into my waiting mouth, filling my oral cavity and pushing towards the back of my throat. There was no point in me trying to stop her from pushing it in, I didn’t want to anyway but bound as her captive, I still felt very submissive towards her and felt that she could do whatever she wanted to do to me at that point.

“There my pretty, all bound and gagged, you do look lovely in leather, my dear,” Beth said. “But now it’s time to put away my playthings.”

With that, she got off of the bed and walked over to a door, opening it to reveal it to be a storage cupboard, but the shelves had been removed. She told me that she had had a frame made which fitted inside the cupboard, all made especially for me she said including the latex suit, bodybag and hood, all made to my own personal size. I was amazed that she would go this far, it must have cost a lot but being in real estate she told me that she made some decent money from the sales of all the properties she handles, plus she had her own portfolio of properties that she had bought and rented out. My mind was suddenly brought back into focus when my husband Blake walked into the room, I was surprised to see him here.

He walked up to Beth and the two came together in a passionate kiss, their hands all over each other, it seemed to me like they had done this before and I began to wonder, *how long had Blake been seeing Beth on the side?* I know that I should be deeply upset at the events unfolding before my eyes, but since I have been having sex and enjoying it with both Blake and his friend Jeff, I couldn’t really judge Blake and Beth for their relationship, although it did seem to shock me, maybe this was my surprise I thought, but I was wrong. The two broke off their passion and turned their attention to me still bound in my cocoon laying there on the bed.

“I see that you’re in a tight spot there, darling!” Blake laughed. “I bet you’re enjoying that.”

“Ummph!” was all I could reply, now gagged.

“It will be even tighter soon,” Beth said behind Blake, which they both laughed at.

Blake reached over and picked up my encased body in his arms, he gathered me up with ease and carried me over towards the waiting cupboard. As I looked inside, I could see several chains hanging from the frame, there was nothing else in there it seemed, and I wondered what would be coming next. That something would soon be my bound form. A crate was placed on the floor for me to be placed upon, Blake steadied my bound body as he placed me on top of the crate. I couldn’t understand the reason for the crate, but it would soon be revealed to me.

“Remember those images you once showed me on the internet where the female bound herself inside a bondage suit suspended from the ceiling, and then got herself stuck and trapped inside?” Blake asked me.

I nodded as best I could and ‘mmphed’ behind my gag.

“Well Beth contacted me not long after our time on the farm and has tried to recreate that scene for you, she enlisted my help in getting things ready for you, from there we have been spending more time together and even getting closer in our relationship with each other,” Blake told me.

“So sorry Dana,” Beth said, “It just seemed to happen.”

Again, all I could do was try to say behind my gag that it was okay with me, I even tried to smile, not that it could be seen with the hood and now the gag in place.

“Okay, now time to put her away,” Beth told Blake.

He started fastening the chains to the leather harness that tightly surrounded my body, I now knew the reason for the harness, not only an effective bondage device but a way to suspend my bound body and keep me captive. A shudder went through my body at the thought, my body tingled from my head to my toes at the prospect of what was to come.

“I see that you’re enjoying this dear,” Blake said with a smile on his face.

I blinked one eye to let him know that I was okay and was indeed enjoying this.

More chains were attached to the harness, each one taking the weight of my body and any chance of moving taken from me, my escape from this bondage would be impossible, just like the damsel in the images I so admired as she found herself trapped and finally entombed in the basement. I often wondered what happened to her afterwards, and I had many fantasies about being in her place and what happened next. But for now, I was experiencing my own, or Beth’s wonderful version of the scene. Once Blake had fixed and re-tightened each chain the crate was removed from under me, and I was now suspended in the air, the chains holding me in place and the harness becoming even tighter now.

Meanwhile, Beth had been taking pictures and some video of what was happening, she then told me that Blake had been here the whole time and had set up hidden cameras to record all the action, she then said that she would edit this one and that they would both enjoy watching it later. Beth then handed the camera to Blake and walked back to the bedside cabinet to retrieve the blindfold for the hood, she then walked over still naked whilst Blake videoed her approach to me with the blindfold.

“Well slave, it was wonderful whilst it lasted, now it’s time to put you away until I require your services again,” Beth said for both me and the camera.

Standing on the crate, she reached up and fastened the blindfold to the hood, the clip fasteners popping into place and sending me into darkness. Now bound and suspended by the chains inside the cupboard, I was trapped in here until either my mistress or Blake, maybe my master now it seems, wanted to release me. Beth then turned to Blake and smiled for the camera as she closed the door, sealing her slave inside, turning the key to lock the door, not that I could get out if I wanted to, which as you guessed at this point I had no desire to.

I began testing my bonds, I tried to wriggle my body in any way I could and found that with the combination of the bodybag, the leather harness and with the chains suspending me inside the cupboard I couldn’t move an inch, this felt delightful to me, I was trapped here, encased and entombed and I had a thought that maybe they would seal off the cupboard on the outside and leave me here to my fate. Well, my fantasy mind went into overdrive with that.

It was then I realized that Beth had been a mean mistress to me, I had no way to get myself off inside here. When I had been bound back in the barn, the men had pushed two rubber phalluses inside me, which Beth had taken control of when the guys left the farm, leaving me in Beth’s care to tease and torment. Without them inside me I would not be able to climax, she had really taken charge of me, and it brought a wonderful feeling of contentment over me, Beth was my mistress, and she had denied me any pleasure, which I began to accept and love, I was just a slave to her, an object to use and discard.

After closing and locking me away inside the cupboard, Beth had stripped Blake of his clothing and soon, she had him pushed down back onto the bed. She seemed to like being in charge now, not that Blake minded too much. They both enjoyed each other whilst leaving me bound not far away, though I couldn’t hear them from inside the cupboard, the hood deadening any sounds.

*Would this be our new relationship now?* I wondered how Beth would fit in, but I knew that I was hooked on her, she was now my mistress, and I would do anything to please her, even if that meant giving her my husband for her pleasure and my own humiliation. But I still had Jeff to play with anyway, and he had introduced me to other men whilst I was bound and kept by him in his basement as his slave, but that’s another story.
