---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Hollys' Run
authors:
- Gnjal
tags:
- Machine/f
- M+/f
- latex
- bond
- susp
- cocoon
- oral
- anal
- sex
- scifi
- reluct/nc
- X
---

After the cosmetic surgery robot had gone crazy
and killed Doc, Holly had run for her life.  The sandmen were after
her now!  And it wasn't even her time, her crystal had months till
it began flashing.  She looked down at the hard chip of silicon embedding
in her palm, and squeezed her hand into a fist in frustration and fear.
The explosions and screaming people back at the Cosmetic Bazaar had given
her a chance to slip away unnoticed as the rogue Sandman Logan had blasted
his way out of the office, killing Doc in the process. A tear wet the corner
of Holly's eye as she thought about Doc, cut to ribbons by the suddenly
maniacal surgery robot on the session table that they had both used to
create such beautiful people with.

Well, that was over now!  Damn that sandman! 
And now she had to think of some way to avoid the sandmen chasing her now. 
She shuddered thinking of the one with the crazy gleam to his eyes; Francis
she had heard the other sandmen call him.  She had changed from her
ripped and torn twinkling grey mini dress into a unitard of tight shiny
blue thinskin covered by a wispy green drape of sparklebright cloth. 
Hoping to blend in with the St. Minos day's revelers, she was now in the
middle of a pack of intoxicated and wildly dancing people dressed in even
brighter clothes than she was. Trying to smile and laugh with the people
around her, she waited till the group was opposite a Grid booth, and with
a quick sideways glance dashed inside.

She had heard rumors that there was another entry
into the Runner's escape route, and it was to be found on the Grid. 
She had plied the grid often enough in her life, plying the femfem, manfem,
and groupgrope channels to many encounters which left her sweaty and satisfied. 
But the Runner's path wasn't on any of those channels.  The nervously
whispered hint she had been given was that runner's could escape the city
and reach Sanctuary by a contact found on the Twist channel. She had never
had the courage to try the Twist channel before.  Her one friend Tari
had tried once, and returned with a dazed look in her eyes, and rope marks
on her wrists.  Tari only responded vaguely to Holly's questions on
the episode, saying something about "the Master wouldn't want me to talk
about him, he would be very angry, Holly..."

The Twist channel of the Grid was reserved for
those into bondage and discipline games, and interests outside of the norm
for the city in general.  Casual and frequent sex was applauded and
encouraged by the city, and the other channels were full of people jumping
from one encounter to another, fucking and sucking their way through the
cities inhabitants in an endless parade of flesh.  Holly was more
than satisfied with the norm channels, but now she had to try Twist. 
It was her only chance. Shutting the door of the Grid booth behind her,
she straightened her drape and stared into the dark glass front of the
booth.  The dim lights of the booth had clicked on when she closed
the door, and made a halo of her beautiful long blond hair.  She patted
it into to shape, and leaned forward to tap the Grid screen.

"Welcome to the Grid!  What channel would
you like to try today?" An over enthusiastic man's voice announced.

The screen glowed to life in front of her with the icons representing the
femfem, manfem, groupgrope and other norm channels.  At the bottom
was an icon she had never pressed, the Twist channel.  It showed at
picture of a man and woman, naked, and contorted about a center pole between
them in a helix shape.  The expressions on their faces was slowly
flipping back and forth between ecstatic and fearful.  Holly took
a deep breath and pressed the Twist channel icon.

"You have chosen the Twist channel, home to the
unusual and bizarre.  Please select your sub category."  The
voice requested.

Holly had never seen the choices before. 
But the whispered hint had been specific.  Looking for the icons that
had been described to her, she quickly pressed the one with a writhing
black rubber column, and the icon picturing a wide chrome collar with keyhole
and key.

"You have chosen the rubber submission sub categories! 
Congratulations!  Please confirm your choices now."  The voice
cheerfully recommended.

Holly's hand paused midway to pressing the green
accept icon as her resolve weakened.  Maybe the sandmen only wanted
to talk to her.  They couldn't believe that she was a runner, could
they?  Holly stared at the flashing green accept icon, and glanced
at the crystal embedded in her palm.  She gasped.  It was flashing! 
No!  It wasn't her time for the Renewal Ceremony!  She forced
back tears as she realized there was no going back now and slapped the
accept icon in front of her.

"You have confirmed your choice!  Twist...Rubber...Sub,
welcome to the Twist channel, please stand still while the channel program
prepares you for entry."  The man's voice ended as a soft chime sounded
in the booth and the lights around her flashed between amber and blue.
Holly held her breath and wondered what the booth would have her wearing
before the transport to the Grid proper.  A hum started and the vibrations
entered her body as the Grid Booth warmed to its task.  Holly closed
her eyes as she felt her unitard and drape dissolve from her body, leaving
her naked in the climate controlled confines of the booth.

"Twist...Rubber preparation will now begin." 
A sultry female voice announced from in front of her.  She stiffened
as the booth's fields stroked and manipulated the space around her. 
She felt some kind of material building up around her body, covering her
feet, legs, belly, torso and head.  She had never had the Grid Booth
put anything on her face before, and was startled as she felt the material
coalescing around her cheeks, ears, and nose.

"Stage one preparation complete." The female voice
had a bitchy quality to it now, like it was almost sneering at her. 
Holly opened her eyes and stared at the suddenly mirrored panel in front
of her.  She was covered completely in tight shining black rubber! 
Only her eyes and mouth peeked from the tight wrapping, with her hair pulled
into a ponytail and cascading down her back.  She moved her legs apart
and noticed that the material had slits above her pussy.  She stroked
her rubber covered hands down her body and slipped a finger through the
slit, sucking in her breath at the delicious feeling of her latex covered
finger sliding between her pussy lips.

"Twist...Rubber...Submission preparation will
now begin." The female voice of the booth sounded like it was mocking her. 
She pulled her hand from her pussy guiltily and stood straight again, waiting
for the next stage to begin.

The booth fields hummed into to life around her
and she was prodded and pushed by them until she was bent over, arms behind
her back,  legs spread wide, and her head pulled back by her beautiful
blonde ponytail.  Holly grunted with discomfort and unease at the
feeling of the slick black rubber sliding over her naked and sweating body
as the booth's fields ramped up to another level and continued with the
preparation.  A chrome metal spreader bar appeared between her ankles,
attached to the forming ankle cuffs of the same metal.  A matching
spreader bar forced her knees apart, spreading the slit of the rubber wide
at her crotch, baring her moist and engorged pussy lips.  She gasped
as her arms were pulled even tighter behind her into some kind of rubber
single sleeve that was strapped around her shoulders.

"Wait!  Wait... I don't know about this!" 
Holly began to protest, but the booth ignored her and continued with her
preparation for the Twist channel.  A wide stiff rubber collar grew
into place around her neck, forcing her head back even farther, while her
ponytail was somehow being braided into a ring at the base of the rubber
single sleeve cinching her arms together.  She struggled under the
booths fields as a thick rubber gag formed in her mouth, pressing her jaws
wide and plunging deep as it was strapped tightly down.

"MMMMphh!  MMMMMmmmph!"  Holly tried
to yell at the booth, but the gag stopped her.  She teetered as high
heeled thigh high boots appeared on her legs, shining wickedly in the flashing
lights of the manipulator fields.  There was a momentary pause, and
then she felt the fields grasp her tightly, ass pushed out.

"Stage two preparation complete"  The female
voice sounded pleased with itself.  Holly twisted in the dim light
of the booth, mouth working around the rubber gag, blue eyes rolling from
the eye holes of  the black rubber covering her head.

"Twist...Rubber...Submission...Runner preparation
will now begin"

Holly jerked in fear.  It knew she was a
runner!  She began struggling against the arm sleeve and spreader
bars holding her, yanking her head forward against her own tied and braided
ponytail as the Grid Booth fields hummed to life once again.

She felt the fields push at her pussy lips and
between her butt cheeks, and screamed as thick plugs of rubbery material
vibrated into existence in her cunt and ass.  She wriggled and pulled
against the fields that held her, biting down fearfully on the rubber gag
filling her mouth.  It knew she was a runner! She moaned and her struggles
lessened as the rubber filling her began to vibrate and throb with warm
silky ripples inside her vagina and ass.  She panted as her pussy
responded and the rubber pulsed against her clit.  Bound in rubber,
identified as a runner, she was oblivious to it all as her body shuddered
with an intense orgasm.  The booth misted the air with a strong aphrodisiac
and proceeded with the program.

Holly stood quivering in the grip of her rubber
bondage and post orgasm hormone flush as flaps of rubber material formed
on either side of her head, splayed out likes wings to either side, each
edged with the teeth of a zipper.  She tried to focus her eyes, her
pussy throbbing from the rubber sliding and vibrating against it, disorientated
from the effect of the aphrodisiac mist.

"Prepare for Grid insertion, channel Twist, sub
category rubber, submission, runner"

Trying to back off the Grid transportation mat,
she took a  couple awkward tiny steps in her thigh high heeled boots,
hobbled by the flashing chrome spreader bars locked around her ankles and
above her knees.  Whimpering, she twisted her rubber wrapped arms
behind her as the fields of the Grid's transportation rose up in waves
of pulsating green force.
She let out a muffled yelp as the field pushed
her tween and into the Grid in a shower of incandescence.

She materialized in a strangely quite place, with
her eyes squeezed tightly shut, the rubber plugs still vibrating and stroking
inside of her, head forced high by her rubber posture collar and kept taut
by the tension on her blonde ponytail from where it was braided to a chrome
ring on the end of the single rubber sleeve over her arms.  She bobbled
on her high heels, the chrome cuffs of the spreader bars pressing into
her legs and ankles as the Grid field dissipated.

"Hello, Runner..." a soft voice hissed. 
Holly's open her deep blue eyes wide in alarm as she recognized the man
in front of her.  It was Francis, the creepy sandman.  She whimpered,
the tight rubber covering her squeaking from her nervous movements as the
sandman approached her.

"Welcome to the Twist channel, Runner. 
Are you seeking sanctuary?"  The sandman was dressed in a rubber pants
stuffed into dark boots, and a tight tank top, with heavy rubber gauntlets
covering his hands and arms up to his elbows.  He held a rubber whip
in one hand and was slapping it against the palm of the other.

Holly pulled against the rubber arm binder and
felt the tight collar pressing into the soft under side of her rubber covered
chin as she tried to inch away from the rubberized sandman.

"Well, this is the start of the path, Runner." 
Francis grinned, his eyes dancing with a weird gleam as he reached a gloved
hand forward to stroke Holly's pussy through the rubber covering it, pressing
in on the thick rubber plug filling her cunt.  As if in response,
both plugs began vibrating and wriggling madly inside of her.

"MMMMmmmph! mmmmmmmmm" Holly twisted under her
bonds, the black rubber covering her body gleaming in the light of the
room, her stiff nipples clearly outlined by the tight rubber over her small
pert breasts.

"Does that feel good, runner?"  The sandman
grabbed Holly's chin with his other hand, tilting her rubber hooded and
gagged face towards him, and stared into her wide blue eyes as he continued
to press on the activator of the plug jumping and sliding in her now hot
and lubed pussy. She moaned and twisted her face away from him.  Trying
to fight the intense sensation of pleasure his touch and the plugs' mad
dance were evoking in her.  The aphrodisiac had fogged her brain,
making her weak with lust.

"Turn around, Runner!"  Francis ordered,
"I want to see your rubber covered ass."  He reached behind Holly
and grabbed the bottom ring of the single sleeve and pulled her around
until she stood, legs shaking from the waves of pleasure coming from the
butt and pussy plugs, gleaming rubber covered ass up and presented.

"This is the first stop on the path to Sanctuary,
Runner.  You'll be making the whole trip on the Twist channel, every
sandman is going to want to 'help' you along."  Francis grinned and
stroked Holly's round ass through the rubber, " But let's get acquainted,
shall we?" The sandman dropped the rubber whip, and deftly
unzipped his pants, reaching in with gloved fingers to pull out his stiff
rubber sheathed dick.

Holly turned and looked behind her in horror,
as he grabbed her hips, pulling her bound and spread ass towards him. 
She moaned as he tapped the base of the rubber plug in her pussy and it
slid out with a plop.  It dropped to the floor with a thud. 
Wriggling in her rubber wrappings, Holly finally surrendered to the aphrodisiac
and bondage and pushed her ass towards the sandman, impaling herself on
his thick cock and making them both gasp with the long silky lubed slide
of her pussy.

"Runner!  You may reach Sanctuary yet!" 
Francis laughed and tapped one of the rubber wings on the side of Holly's
head while pushed forward with his dick into her moist tight cunt. 
The black shining flaps rippled and suddenly began sealing together over
Holly's face,  quickly covering and hiding her wide eyes.

"You better hurry, runner.  Those flaps aren't
programmed to open until we both cum!" Francis began stroking in and out
of Holly's cunt, grunting with the slick grip pleasure of it.  Slapping
her ass with his gloved hand, he admired her blonde ponytail and rubber
bondage, and lost himself in the rubber slap of his hips against her ass,
and the panting rush of Holly's breathing through the slim space provided
by the closed flaps of the rubber hood.

Holly screamed into her gag as she came from
the repeated forceful ramming of the sandman's rigid dick into her cunt. 
As Francis felt the orgasmic clenching of Holly's vagina around his cock,
he began cumming also, hot shots of his cum filling the rubber sheath over
his dick, ballooning it inside of Holly's pussy. The face flaps unpeeled like petals from her face,
revealing a panting Holly, sweating under her rubber, pussy throbbing from
the intense climax she had just experienced.

"Good Runner.  Now to continue, I only have
you until the morning, then you go on to the next sandman on the Twist
channel..."  Francis pulled his dick from her sopping pussy and tapped
the butt plug filling her ass, causing it to fall to the ground as the
other had.  He grinned at Holly's expression of incredulousness as
he positioned his rapidly revitalized cock at her asshole.

"Ready, Runner?  Here we go!"  Francis
tapped one of the rubber wings, triggering them to seal tightly against
Holly's face once again.  He grinned and moved slowly pushed forward
as Holly, abandoning herself to the rubber and bondage, rotated her ass
back against him.

"Welcome to Twist, Runner!"

**Part 2**

Holly stood in front of the grid pad and tried
to keep her balance.  She was naked except for a 5 inch tall pair
of black patent heels, shining black latex stockings, a thick rubber and
chrome belt cinched tightly around her belly, and the shining chrome chains
linking the tight metal collar and wrist cuffs to the belt binding her. 
The chains dangled across her pert breasts, sheened with sweat, teasing
her still hard nipples with their cold metallic touch.

"Runner, are you ready to continue on the road
to Sanctuary?" Francis whispered in her ear from behind her.  His
rubber sheathed cock bounced against her bare ass, making her shudder and
remember how many times and ways he had used it on her, making her cum,
quivering, over and over as he impaled her moist and traitorous pussy with
it.

The aphrodisiac mist had worn off, and now her
wide blue eyes contemplated the empty but faintly humming grid pad before
her, her mussed long blonde hair in a soft halo around her face. 
She knew better than to speak.  The sandman didn't like her to talk,
and had made it clear that the thick rubber gag would go back in if she
did.

"I hate to loose you so soon, runner.  But
rules are rules, you're on the road to Sanctuary now, and other sandmen
are waiting." He tapped the grid console and laughed low as the green,
blue and amber incandescent fractal wavelets of the grid began rising up
in front of them. "Give my regards to the next sandman, I know
he'll enjoy you." Francis told her just before pushing her into the pulsing
waves of the grid. She moaned as the grid forces gripped her  yanked
her into the grid tween space in a shower of incandescence.

She materialized in a darkened grid booth, the
smooth black glass of its front suddenly lighting up with the icons of
a man and a woman twisting in alternating ecstasy and fear around a helix
shaped pole.  Pictograms of a writhing black rubber column and chrome
collar with dangling key blinked below it.

"Welcome to the Grid!  What channel would
you like to try today?" An over-enthusiastic man's voice announced. "You
have chosen the Twist channel, home to the unusual and bizarre. Please
select your sub category."  The voice requested without pausing.

Holly's blue eyes widened, and she twisted her
bound wrists forward, desperately trying to press the flashing amber CANCEL
icon at the lower edge of the glass.  She whimpered with frustration
as the tall heels made her bobble and miss.  The shining latex covering
her legs squeaked as she sawed her thighs together, frantically trying
to keep her balance.

"You have chosen the rubber submission sub categories! 
Congratulations! Please confirm your choices now."  The voice cheerfully
recommended.

"No!" Holly yelled.  The flashing green
accept icon appeared and she twisted against her bonds again, stretching
down to reach the CANCEL icon as the chrome chains slid across her naked
breasts.  It winked out just as her staining fingers were about to
touch it.

"You have confirmed your choice!  Twist...Rubber...Sub,
welcome to the Twist channel, please stand still while the channel program
prepares you for entry."  The man's voice ended as a soft chime sounded
in the booth and the lights around her flashed between amber and blue.

"Nooooo!" she screamed.

The booth's fields ramped up and she moaned as
it's fields gently but irresistibly pulled her legs apart till she was
standing in a wide stance, teetering on her high heels, the black latex
of her stockings reflecting the blue and amber waves of force rippling
across her body. The rhythmic pulse of the forces around her naked pussy
made her close her eyes, a shudder of surprising pleasure running through
her shocked mind. The hum of the fields increased and she felt the chrome
collar and wrists cuffs dissolve, disappearing in an incandescent
fall of particles, along with the tight belt cinched across her belly,
and sighed with momentary relief.
The fields continued to stroke her body, and
she looked down to see layers of shining black latex coalescing around
her hips, belly, breasts and arms.  This time, the rubber stopped
at her neck, in a snug rolled collar with no apparent opening.

The front glass of the booth mirrored and she
saw that her entire body to her neck was now wrapped in tight shining black
latex.  The heels had been incorporated so that her legs appeared
to be melded to them.  The grid fields hummed and pulled at her disarrayed
hair, and she gasped as it quickly plaited her long blonde locks behind
her head in a tight ponytail, secured with a chrome clasp. Her sweat-covered
nipples slid against the tight latex covering them, and she spread her
fingers to her sides, momentarily overcome by the intensely erotic feel
of the rubber.

"Welcome back, runner." The booth announced to
her in a bitchy sounding woman's voice.

Holly's eyes went wide as she remembered where
she was, and that the grid system knew she was a runner.  Her latex-gloved
hands balled into fists, she pulled against the fields pulsing around her,
but failed to break free.

"Final stage preparation will now begin: Twist…Rubber…Sub…RUNNER."
The woman's voice sounded triumphant with a nasty edge to it.  The
fields around Holly hummed at an increasing pitch, and she looked down
to see a thick strand of bumpy rubber forming directly over her pussy. 
The latex covering her sex slid back to reveal her shaven and juice-slicked
pussy lips.  The thick rope of black rubber aligned vertically with
her sex, and slowly pressed in against it, moving between her legs to slide
up the crease of her ass, wrapping around her waist.  The other end
slid up her belly, to fuse with the strand hugging her hips, tightening
down.

"Oh no, stop, stop it!" Holly moaned as the bumpy
rubber rope slid between her pussy lips to press against her hooded clit. 
She was panting, the soft but firm pressure of the strand against her clit,
pussy, and ass making her almost swoon. 
She pulled in vain once more against the fields of the Grid booth, and
yelped as it suddenly pushed her latex wrapped legs together with a smack. "What?" Holly yelled as a sheath of rippling
black latex began advancing up her legs, cinching them together in a single
column of tight shining rubber.

The rubber continued to advance and she yelled
as the fields forced her arms to her side, just in time to be engulfed
by the latex rising over her body.  She pulled against it, her fists
outlined in the stretchy material, but was helpless to free herself. The
latex sheath slurped up over her breasts, pushing and tugging at the latex
already covering them, making her moan and quiver from the sensation of
the second layer of rubber sliding over her stiffening nipples. It finally
paused at her neck, fusing with the layer of latex already snugged at the
base of her throat.

She teetered on her heels, the fields of the Grid
booth holding her upright, staring at herself in the silvered front glass
of the booth. Every part of her was outlined by the shining material, her
nipples hard and pushing out from the tight rubber, her legs and ass tightly
defined in gleaming black latex.  Holly's breath came in pants, as
she felt herself respond to strange mix of rubber and fear that was creeping
into her eyes.

Her legs quivered and began to shake as the bumpy
rubber strand running down her belly and between her legs began to pulsate
and stroke back and forth with a slinking motion, sliding its soft nubs
against the folds covering her clit, and the puckered rim of her asshole. 
It writhed like some black ebony snake beneath the wrappings of latex covering
her pelvis and crotch, twisting and rolling slightly from side to side,
stretching the black shiny rubber over it.

"Unnghgh." Holly gasped incoherently.  Her
cunt was dripping already, helpless against the erotic onslaught of the
Grid Booth's preparation of her.  She closed her eyes just as a cool
mist of aphrodisiac spray drifted down over her upturned face, her tightly
braided blonde ponytail swishing back and forth over her latex wrapped
ass. She felt a trickle of sweat run from the small
of her back, down the crack of her ass to join with the pussy juices already
wetting the rubber there.  The rubber strand continued its firm sinuous
dance over her sex and ass as the Grid Booth sounded a soft bell-like tone.

"Final configuration beginning." The booth announced
in a sultry woman's voice.

Holly's blue eyes widened in alarm and she opened
her mouth to yell. The neck of the rubber sheath covering her had begun
to move up her neck.  Sucking in a panicked breath to scream, Holly
pulled frantically against the tight black rubber holding her arms to her
sides.  The rubber sheath slid up her neck and over her chin, covering
her mouth in a sudden engulfing wave of latex, stopping just below her
flaring nostrils, embracing the nape of her neck in it's cool firm grip.

Her scream stopped by the latex stretched over
her mouth, Holly twisted side to side in the scintillating blue and green
fields of the booth, pivoting on her high heels, her breasts heaving, outlined
in rubber, the curve of her black latex sheathed legs and ass gleaming
with reflected light.  Another spray of aphrodisiac mist filled her
nose as her hurried breath whistled in and out above the rubber gag.

"Prepare for Grid insertion, Twist…Rubber…Sub…RUNNER." 
Holly could have sworn the booth's sultry voice sounded pleased. 
She gave a muffled yell through the rubber holding her mouth closed, her
ponytail swinging madly as she shook her head no, as the booth pushed her
into the grid, tweening her to the next stop on the road to
Sanctuary, a incandescent spray of fractal particles marking her departure.

Holly materialized into darkness and whimpered
as she tipped forward, no longer held by the firm grip of the booth's manipulator
fields, and slumped off of the grid pad, onto a soft padded floor. The bumpy rubber strand coiled over her sex and
between her ass cheeks continued it's writhing dance even as she rolled
on the floor, her latex sheath body humping up and down like some shining
black caterpillar. Holly moaned and shuddered, as she finally succumbed
to the latex and the insistent ministrations of the bumpy rubber strand. 
She yelled against the rubber stretched across her lips, and came, the
strong rippling waves of aphrodisiac spray assisted orgasm shaking her
from the tips of her hard nipples to her high heeled feet.

She rolled onto her stomach, her ass pushing up
and down in a gleaming stretch of rubber, as she released herself to the
climax, using the floor to press the pulsating coil against her clit harder
and harder. Her hands balled into fists under the tight rubber sheath,
she gave one last spasm, and then slumped onto the floor, rolling onto
her back, her pert breasts and hard nipples clearly outlined by the clinging
latex, jutting upwards into the darkness. The bumpy strand quieted, stopping with it's
now thoroughly pussy juice soaked length pressed firmly between Holly's
shaven cunt lips, one of its larger nubs tight against her puckered asshole.

"Very impressive entrance, runner." A man's voice
murmured from the darkness.

Holly turned her head towards the sound of his
voice, and moaned. Slowly, a spot of light appeared, lighting a large rubber
upholstered chair, upon which sat another sandman. His longish red-brown hair draped over the collar
of the deep black latex catsuit he was wearing, and her blue eyes closed
with embarrassment as she saw him smile widely, his large hand cupping
his chin, fingers toying with his short cropped beard. 
He wore heavy calf-high boots of black rubber, and heavy rubber gauntlets.

"I've heard all about you, Holly.  You have
all the sandmen on the Grid quite eager to meet you."  He laughed
and stood up, and Holly's eye's widened as she saw the bulge of his zippered
crotch, his hard cock clearly outlined by the tight black latex of the
catsuit.

He walked over to her, till his booted feet were
in front of her gagged face, looking down at her with startling light blue
eyes as she whimpered softly, and writhed slowly in her now sweat-slicked
rubber sheath.

"What did you think of Francis, my dear?" He
asked her, bending down to run his rubber gloved fingers over her nipples
and then farther, till they tapped the now quiescent thick rubber strand
bisecting her sex. Holly quivered as her clit throbbed in response and
let out a soft whimper. "He tends to be too… intense, don't you agree?"
The sandman looked at her with something almost like kindness, a look that
Holly had never seen pass over that awful sandman Francis's face.

Holly moaned and followed this sandman's eyes
as his fingers continued to tap on the rubber strand between her legs. 
She searched his face, and didn't know exactly what she saw there. 
Twisting side to side slowly, she looked up at him with imploring eyes,
and then looked down at her tightly sheath body.

"Oh, do you want out of this nasty rubber wrap,
Holly?" He asked her, fingering the rise of the strand just over her throbbing
clit. Holly mumphed into the rubber covering her mouth and nodded her head
up and down in a vigorous yes, the tug of her tightly braided blonde hair
pinned under her bound body making movement difficult.

The sandman smiled and nodded his head yes as
well.  His fingers tapped out some kind of complicated pattern on
the bumpy strand's surface and Holly felt the latex sheath splitting up
the sides of her legs, freeing them. She breathed a sigh of relief as she
moved her legs apart, feeling the cool air waft against her naked pussy,
still cleaved by the bumpy rubber strand.  The sandman grabbed her
by the shoulders and helped her up onto her feet.  Her arms were still
bound to her sides by the stretchy sheath, but the bottom of it now looked
like a split full-length skirt, allowing her to stand and step from one
high heeled foot to the other, bending her legs to get rid of the stiffness
in them.

The sandman moved behind her, and slid his gloved
hands down to her hips, moving her back till her rubber covered ass was
pressed against his bulging crotch. "Is that better, Holly?"  He asked her,
as his hands roamed up to cup her still sheathed breasts, finding and pinching
the pert nipples through the double layer of latex. She moaned and braced her feet as the sandman
began caressing her tits through the tight rubber.  She felt the clinging
rubber strand between her pussy lips give a twitch and gasped.

"The road to Sanctuary is long, Holly. 
But I think you're going to make it after all."  He grinned, and walked
in front of her, making some complicated motion with his fingers. 
Holly looked up as she heard a clicking sound over her head, just in time
to see two lengths of gleaming chromed chain descend from the darkness
above.  She looked back at the smiling sandman in alarm.

"Oh, did you think that I would just send you
on your way, Holly? I couldn't do that.  The other sandmen wouldn't
stand for it."  He grinned with a touch of nastiness and whistled
a strange harmony. As if in response, the coiled strand around her hips
and between her legs bunched and stretched out, pushing up twin tendrils
of thick shining rubber which slid up her belly, splitting to penetrate
the sheath under her arms, then re-emerging to form
twin loops, one over each shoulder. The sandman walked over to her and
looked deep into her scared blue eyes, searching for something. His gloved hands reached out and held her waist,
sliding up over her bound arms, to finally reach over her head and grab
the twin chains, his breath warm on her face, his crotch pressed against
her thigh, stretching his muscular catsuited body up against her. 
He quickly attached the clinking, glittering chains to the rubber loops
at her shoulders and slid his hands back down, squeezing her pert tits
through the rubber once again.

His light blue-eyes scanned hers, and he suddenly
leaned forward and kissed her rubber-covered lips, pulling her close to
him, grinding his leg against the vee of her sex.  The rubbery strand
pulsed back against the pressure, making Holly sag against the chains as
it began stroking her pussy, clit and asshole.

"You will find Sanctuary, Holly." He whispered
into her ear as he continued grinding his thigh against her bisected sex,
"But we are watched, so I have to play out this game.  Forgive me."

He pulled away from her and whistled again.  The chains abruptly pulled
Holly upright, lifting her off the floor until her heeled feet were kicking back and forth
in the air.  The rubber strand continued it's sensuous assault on
her, pulsing, coiling, emanating a strange internal warmth, yanked tighter
and tighter by the tensioned twin pull of the two strands at her
shoulders. Holly moaned and then whimpered as two new tendrils
of the rubber dropped down and wrapped around her ankles, pulling them
up until they were pressed tightly against her ass cheeks, spreading her
pussy wide, allowing the original strand to sink deeper into her sopping
wet sex.

The sandman sighed, and unzipped his catsuit's
crotch, letting his stiff rubber covered cock jut out in front of him. 
He began stroking himself closer to orgasm for the benefit of the monitoring
lenses as Holly writhed and contorted in front of him, ponytail swinging
in increasingly larger arcs across the deep black of her latex covered
lower back.

"Forgive me, Holly, But you will reach Sanctuary,
although it will be a long road…" He whispered under his breath. 
Holly began jerking against the rubber bonds holding her aloft, her bent
rubber-stockinged legs spasming together and apart as the thick pulsating
strand of rubber slowly formed ribbed and lubed probes of warm latex over
her cunt and sensitive asshole.

She yelled and scissored her knees as the probes
penetrated her at the same time, their self-generated aphrodisiac lubrication
squelching out from between her engorged pussy lips and ass cheeks. 
She screamed against the rubber over her mouth, and began cumming, shaking
with the intensity of the orgasm electrifying her rubber
bound and sweating body. The sandman advanced towards Holly's rubber wrapped
and quivering form, his own sheathed cock straining, hard and ready in
his rubber gloved fist, knowing that the show had to be convincing, if
she was going to have any chance at all of winning free of the Twist network.

Holly raised her head and looked at him with
pleasure fogged wide blue eyes, as he slowly spread her knees apart, the
mixed aphrodisiac lubrication from the probes and her own excitement generating
a sensual heat across her spasming body.  She moaned with release
as he pushed his rigid dick against the base of the strand's thick
probe into her pussy, and slid inside of it and her in one motion, grinding
to a halt pressed against her clit.

She screamed with passion and began humping his
cock as best as she could from her hanging position, her ass clenching
open and closed on the pulsing anal probe, as the sandman began fucking
her through the rubbery material of the probe in her pussy.  It held
his dick, sucking on it even as her pussy clamped down over it, and began
vibrating against her clit and the inner walls of her cunt. The sandman grabbed her hips and began pounding
into Holly's latex bound pussy, knowing that he would eventually aid in
Holly's release, but feeling guilty at the secret pleasure he was getting
from fucking this beautiful rubberized woman.  He grunted as the sleeve
and Holly's cunt began milking his cock with strong deep pulls. Holly screamed as another orgasm took her, the
echoes bouncing off the dark shrouded walls of the room, as the grid pad
shimmered with quiescent forces just behind them, the road to Sanctuary.

**Part 3**

"Dahlia Five." A voice whispered. Holly moaned,
and tried to clear the fussiness from her head.

"Dahlia Five, Holly, remember."  Holly blinked,
trying to focus in the darkness, suddenly realizing that the insidiously
pleasurable bumped rubber strands had been removed from her shaven pussy
and ass.  She felt someone's breath across her cheek, and a soft rasp
of a short beard, as the sandman leaned close once again.

"Dahlia Five, when the Grid booth asks you to
confirm, on your 5th jump, Holly, remember, tell it Dahlia Five." The sandman
who had just recently been madly pumping his latex covered dick into her
spread and dripping sex seemed strangely serious.  What was he saying?

Holly moaned again, and stretched her arms out
above her head.  They were free!  She twisted her head side to
side in the darkness, trying to make out some detail.  A low indirect
light grew towards the bottom of her feet, so that she could see her naked
toes in shadowy profile. She tried to remember what had happened, she
had cum so many times, betrayed over and over by her orgasming pussy, crying
with the intensity of the pleasure as the sandman used her, while bound
in shining black latex, she had trouble recalling what her name was. The
light at her feet brightened some more, and she realized that it was the
glow from a slowly activating Grid pad, its low hum reaching her ears as
it began producing dancing fractal glimmers of recombining colors.

"Remember Holly, it will be your only chance of
escape from the Twist network." She turned her head to see the rubbered
and bearded sandman looking at her with a solemn expression, just before
grabbing her under the shoulders and lifting her to her feet.

"What? I don't understand?  What do you
mean?"  Holly felt the words tumble out of her mouth.  She stood
in front of the sandman, naked, the increasingly bright flashing of the
Grid pad limning her curvaceous body, still not realizing what was about
to happen, yet again.

"The Fifth hop, Holly, you'll know what to do." 
The sandman began walking towards her, the slick latex of his catsuit providing
a dark fractured reflection of the Grid pad behind her.

"Wait, I don't understand, what about the Fifth
hop?" Holly began to move instinctually backwards, away from the advancing
sandman, and too late realized that she was backing right onto the Grid
pad.

The Grid forces quickly spiraled up and around
her naked form, tickling across her nipples, and tousling her soft blonde
hair, loose and in disarray.  She tried to step off of the pad, but
felt fingers of blue and red scintillating force push her back.

"No! Help me! I don't want to go!" Holly pleaded
with the sandman.  He looked at her with a flicker of sadness crossing
his face and answered, "Remember, Holly, remember."

The Grid Pad ramped up it's power, and abruptly
flipped Holly tween, into the Grid, leaving the sandman standing alone,
staring at the empty pad.  He frowned, and turned to walk back into
the darkness of the room.

Holly sobbed as she once again materialized in
a grid booth, the smooth black glass of its front already showing the icons
of a man and a woman twisting in alternating ecstasy and fear around a
helix shaped pole.  The twin pictograms Holly now dreaded blinked
below it, a writhing black rubber column and chrome collar with dangling
key. She stood naked in the slowly alternating red and blue lights of the
booth, as the familiar sequence played out.

"Welcome to the Grid!  What channel would
you like to try today?" The  over-enthusiastic man's voice announced.

"You have chosen the Twist channel, home to the
unusual and bizarre.  Please select your sub category."  The
voice went on.

She stood transfixed, the pulsing of the booth
somehow in sync with the distracting throb of expectation centered at her
pussy.  She stared at the Grid booth's display as it continued.

"You have chosen the rubber submission sub categories! 
Congratulations!  Please confirm your choices now."  The voice
cheerfully recommended.  Without waiting, the Grid Booth pushed through
the sequence, just as she had expected.

"You have confirmed your choice!  Twist...Rubber...Sub,
welcome to the  Twist channel, please stand still while the channel
program prepares you  for entry."  The man's voice ended as a
soft chime sounded in the booth  and the lights around her flashed
faster.

The fields twisted up around her naked and trembling
body in a twin helix of energy.  She felt her arms being pulled to
her sides and the now familiar feel of creeping rubber coalescing around
her hips, breasts and belly.  She grunted as her wrists were pulled
tightly against her thighs by thick strands of rubber.

"Welcome back, runner." The booth's bitch woman
alter-ego announced, and Holly heard the snap of the booth's door latch
behind her.  She twisted around, and yelled in frustration, eyes wide,
as she realized she could have just walked out of the booth before the
Grid power had started up again.

"Final stage preparation will now begin: Twist…Rubber…Sub…RUNNER."

Holly sobbed and pushed her naked ass against
the booth door, desperate to have it open again, to have the hope of freedom
back, as the Grid fields continued their manipulations of the rubber advancing
across her naked, sweat sheened skin. The Grid forces pushed her back and
then down on her knees, as the rubber swam up over her to the neck, forming
a rolled seamless collar of black latex.  The rubber then flowed down
her arms to wrap like a lover's tongue around each of her fingers.

"Not again! No, please, No!" She pleaded with
the booth, as the dancing red and amber energy gently spread her knees
apart, and pressed her ankles together behind her so that her naked ass
was rubbing against her calves. Rubber flowed up and down the bottom of
her legs, to form hard polished black rubber boots, with spiked heels of
shining chrome glinting like twin daggers behind her.

Holly felt the intimate touch of the Booth fields
on her naked sex, the deep vibration of it causing her to close her eyes,
and moan with illicit pleasure.  Her arms were pulled behind her,
rubber encased thumbs aligning with the heels of her boots.  Taut
ropes of black latex looped from her fingers around the spikes so that
she was stretched backwards. The latex at her wrists and ankles crawled
together, and solidified into one thick stretchy mass, tightly holding
her spread in a knees apart position. The throbbing of her pussy intensified as the
hum of the booth increased.  She shuddered, waiting for the mist of
aphrodisiac to waft down on her, taking her to that orgasmic place she
both feared and had begun secretly longing for.

Her eyes opened, staring up at the blank booth
ceiling, as the mist failed to come.  The latex now covered her from
waist to neck, a gleaming black skin of tight rubber, clearly outlining
her hard nipples.  Only her pale lovely shoulders were bare of the
material, providing a pleasing contrast to the deep black latex. The Grid
fields waned, and then suddenly buzzed back to life, concentrated between
her trembling thighs, directly over her engorged shaven pussy lips. 
Holly screamed and came violently, jerking against the rubber holding her
arms behind her, rocking on her knees as the fields pushed inside of her
cunt like a tingling velvet dildo. The waves of orgasm raced through her, electric
arcs of pleasure reducing her to a wide-eyed panting creature of lust,
as she swung her latex wrapped breasts back and forth, bound and helpless
in the grip of the Booth, spasming, and climaxing over and over again. 
At the height of one of her orgasms,  the booth fields abruptly flipped
her tween, onto the Grid and back into the Twist network.

Holly lifted her useless hands to her face and
tried to feel the hood which had been sealed tightly around her head. 
An attached rubber blindfold had been fastened over her eyes, muffling
her into warm rubbery darkness. She dropped her hands in futility. 
This sandman had wrapped her hands in thick padded rubber bondage mittens,
so that they were now useless ovoids of black latex.  She licked the
edge of the hood's mouth hole and stood, nervously, waiting for the sandman
to touch her again. She gasped at his touch, as his fingers slid along
the warm wet slit of her sex, pausing to finger the hard button of her
clit.

"Spread your legs, runner!" He barked at her.

In the brief moment before being hooded, Holly
had seen enough of the harsh smile of this dark haired sandman to realize
that he would tolerate no resistance from her.  She quickly spread
her legs.  She was naked except for a pair of black heels, the mittens
clasped around her hands, and the tight rubber hood.

The sandman continued to finger her shaven pussy,
the juices of her excitement dribbling over his gloved hand as he moved
in front of her, a nasty smile playing across his narrow face, the dark
sweep of his black hair in sharp contrast to his almost too pale bearded
complexion. Holly gasped as one of his fingers found its
way into her ass, the latex covering it bunching up at her tight ring as
he slid its pussy juice slicked length inside of her.

"They were right.  You are a sweet one,
runner." The sandman hissed at her.  She could hear the slight catch
of lust in his voice, and felt an answering tremor of need echo inside
of herself.  She turned her hooded and blindfolded head to the side
and moaned, as he began to massage her clit more directly, while pressing
yet another finger into her ass.

"Are you ready, runner?  Do you want to play
with this sandman?"  He taunted her.  He pulled his fingers from
her ass, and reached up to pinch one of her stiff nipples, grinning as
she writhed against him, grinding her dripping cunt against his other hand
and flapping her useless rubber paddle hands against his catsuited chest.

"Oh, I think you are, runner, aren't you?" 
He abruptly stopped massaging her sex, and put both hands up on her naked
shoulders, the black latex of his gloves lay in stark contrast to her pale
sweat slicked skin.

"Show me, runner, show me you're ready to play." 
He pressed down on her shoulders, till she had awkwardly dropped to her
knees in front of him.

Holly turned her blindfolded face towards him,
and heard the sound of a zipper being pulled open. Something thick and rubbery bumped against her
hooded face.  She whimpered more from the lust quivering its way up
from her mutinously throbbing cunt than from fear, and moved her head till
the sandman's rubber sheathed cock touched her lips.

"That's it runner, show me how much you like
the Twist network." The sandman grunted as Holly engulfed his stiff dick
to the hilt, and began pumping it up and down with her slobbery mouth. The sandman slid his booted toe forward until
it pressed against Holly's spread and dripping cunt.  He smiled as
she began humping it, her hips rocking back and forth as she continued
to suck on his cock.

Holly began panting between slurping sucks on
the sandman's thick dick, raising her black rubber encased hands up to
rest on his hips, the feeling of his rubber boot on her clit bringing her
unexpected illicit pleasure. The sandman watched Holly's hooded head bob
up and down on his hard dick, admiring the way the room's lights shone
off of the shining black latex.  He reached down and pulled her mittened
hands over so that they were pressed against the base of his cock and balls,
and groaned with the intensity of the pleasure of Holly's sucking mouth
running up and down his shaft. His cock jerked, once, twice, and he pulled it
out of her mouth with a plop, and shot his sticky white cum across her
latex covered face.  She slid her tongue around the edges of the hood's
mouth hole tasting the dripping cum, and continued to grind her pussy against
his now slimed boot, abandoning herself to the intense stimulation it was
providing her.

The sandman watched Holly, idly sliding his still
hard cock against her hooded face.  Holly began whimpering, and her
legs spasmed together around his boot, her arms wrapped around his legs,
her breasts pressed tightly against his rubbered thighs, nipples hard and
jutting as she came, climaxing with a yelp, hooded, blindfolded, a runner
in submission to the Twist network. The sandman smiled, and pushed her off of him,
so that she fell back with a moan onto the padded room floor. He dropped
down between her legs and snagged her mittened hands to raise them up above
her head.  Pressing the shining ovoids together, he waited until the
rubber flowed and sealed Holly's hands into one round ball of stretchy
black latex, cinched tightly around her wrists.

He  ran his gloved hand over her pert breasts,
offered up for his inspection by her upraised arms.  She moaned underneath
him, and he reached up to tap lightly on the side of the hood wrapped around
her face, smiling as it flowed closed over her gasping mouth.  She
struggled underneath him, arching herself up till her nipples scudded across
the latex covering his chest, wriggling her hips and grinding her pelvis
against his.  The sandman grinned and used his booted legs to spread
Holly's wide, his cock nuzzling her wet pussy lips.

"Do you want it, runner?" He hissed at her.

Holly writhed under him, the feeling of her hands
trapped in the rubber, held above her head by one of his large hands, as
his other toyed with her sensitive nipples completely overwhelming her.
She tossed her hooded head side to side, a prisoner
to its tight dark rubber confines, and stretched her mouth open against
the shining black latex covering it.

"Yessssss" she groaned, the ache in her pussy
crying out to be answered.

The sandman smiled and licked the taut latex
over her lips. It immediately flowed into her mouth, gagging her with a
latex approximation of the sandman's thick cock.  Holly jerked and
thrust her hips upward, capturing the sandman's real dick against her engorged
labia. She writhed against him, frantic for the orgasmic release she knew
would be hers when he began pumping her cunt with his latex sheathed cock. 
The sandman laughed and plunged his shaft deep into her slippery pussy,
watching her black rubbered visage, blindfolded, twisting this way and
that, as she moaned around the packing of the latex penis gag. Holly, felt
herself lose what little control she had left, and began slamming her hips
upward against his pelvis, her naked sweating skin slapping against the
gleaming black of his catsuit, leaving wet marks at the point of contact. 
She felt her pussy spasm as he pistoned in and out of her shuddering cunt,
and pulled against the rubber binding her wrists as well as against the
tight hold the sandman had on her arms.

"mmmmMMMPHHH!" She screamed around the thick rubber
in her mouth, and shuddered into a series of electric wavelet cascading
velvet orgasms, her legs stretching up to wrap around his waist, her black
heels snagging the latex of his catsuit.  The sandman looked at Holly's
contorting body, hard nipples, breasts slapping against him as she jerked
underneath him in the grip of her intense climax, and began shooting himself,
his cock jerking inside of her cunt, splashing the walls of her pussy with
hot white jism.

Holly felt him cumming inside her, and groaned,
her pussy clenching around his hard dick, milking it of every last drop
of cum, her legs pressing him deeper and deeper inside of her, as if she
would swallow him up with her sex. Holly started, as the dildo gag in her
mouth suddenly gushed a hot sticky substance into her mouth, and began
sucking on it, the sweet warmth of the liquid filling her with a feeling
of contentment, and erotic abandonment.

The sandman gave one last deep stroke of his
cock into her spasming cunt, and then pulled it out, standing up, to watch
as Holly reached down with her still latex bound hands, and began sliding
the shining sphere of the fused latex mittens across her exposed clit. 
He could see the rhythmic indentation of the latex over her mouth, as she
sucked on the penis gag.

The sandman reached up a gloved hand and stroked
his chin, "A sweet runner indeed."  and continued to watch with interest,
as Holly brought herself quickly to another orgasm, moving his other hand
to begin gently stroking his own revitalized latex sheathed cock...

2001
