---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Route 21 Red
authors:
- TS Fesseln
tags:
- Sbf
- cuffs
- toys
- public
- bus
- climax
- caught
- cons
- X
date: 2011-02-18 00:00:00
---

Vicky was sure that everyone was watching her even though she was the only one waiting at the bus stop in front of her building. It wasn’t that she was hideous or anything. In fact, it was quite the opposite. She was a slender brunette with long, dark hair, sky blue eyes and a models narrow face. Her breasts were perfect for her frame and dressed in her flower-patterned summer dress, she attracted many a male eye. But that wasn’t the reason she felt like she was in the spotlight.

She looked down the street again, hoping to see the city bus as she sat on the bench. She had everything that she needed. Both pairs of handcuffs were in her purse and her remote-controlled vibe was quietly filling her, waiting for her to turn it on. And she knew that everybody could see what she was about to do.

The brunette had decided that today was the perfect day for her adventure in public bondage. It was a Tuesday afternoon and the early September sun was warmly beating down. She had also hung across her shoulders a white knit sweater, but as soon as she got inside the bus, it would be coming off. She had done several ‘dry’ runs before today and the bus wouldn’t be that crowded with passengers. There would be enough, however, that the danger of being caught in the act would be there, adding to the spice of the moment.

A few more minutes passed and finally the city bus pulled up; the hiss of the doors and the smell of the diesel were now a familiar friend. There were a half a dozen passengers, two of them men, already aboard and only one glanced up to take notice of her as she made her way down the aisle to find a seat. She picked one towards the rear of the bus, two benches away from the rear exit of the bus.

As soon as she sat down, the bus huffed away from the curb and back onto the street to begin its circuitous route. Taking a quick glance around, Vicky didn’t notice anyone looking. She took out the first pair of cuffs, leaned down and fastened them around her ankles. She made sure that the pair had the strip of blue tape around the chain. She had the key to that pair. The keys to the other pair of cuffs were strapped to the bottom of the bench at the bus stop she just boarded from.

Vicky reached into her purse and turned her remote vibrator on. The hum between her legs soon sent warm trickles of pleasure through her.

She shrugged out of her white sweater and folded it neatly in her lap. She nervously glanced around again before sneaking out the other pair of cuffs out of her purse and putting them beneath her sweater. Lastly, she took the cuff key and held it in her one hand while she clicked the cuffs around each wrist beneath the sweater.

Her hands were bound until she came back to her stop.

Vicky knew from her previous trips that the trip was a little over an hour to complete its entire route. There was nothing to do now but enjoy her secret adventure and try to make sure she kept her moans in check.
She had debated with herself about gagging herself, but she in the end decided against it, at least for this trip. Clear tape would have been her only practical option and she feared that even that might be noticed. So, as the vibrator hummed, she would just have to abstain from moaning.

The bus wound its way through downtown and passengers got on and off. A gentleman in a brown suit nodded to her just before sitting in the bench behind her. He was a bit older with a little gray in his dark hair. His dark eyes only glanced at Vicky as he passed. Vicky heard the rustle of a newspaper and knew that he was settling in to read. She fought the urge to glance back at him in fear that he might strike up a conversation with her.

Slowly the ministrations of her vibe began to work its magic inside her and the warm trickles became more and more intense, filling her with a forbidden bliss. Closing her eyes, she imagined that her hands were cuffed behind her back and she was being sent to some sultan’s harem to be used. She rocked her hips and moaned underneath her breath as the pleasure welled up inside her.

The bus came to another stop and she opened her eyes. An Asian woman glanced at her as she climbed down the exit’s stairs to the curb. Did she notice her? Did the woman know that Vicky was close to having an orgasm? The thoughts seemed to swell her pleasure even more as the bus pulled away from the curb.

Several stops came and went, each time stopping Vicky from being completely engulfed in ecstasy. The fear of being caught both helped and hindered her pleasure. The vibe continued buzz and she knew she was on the edge.

Vicky fought making any noise as her orgasm gushed through her in a torrent of white hot bliss. The pleasure churned through her again and again as she squirmed a bit in her chair.

“Are you alright?” the man behind her asked.

The brunette froze.

“Yes, I’m fine,” she replied, turning to look at him, “Just having a few issues with the seat.”

He nodded, “Not the most comfortable things.”

“Yes,” she said breathily as another wave of pleasure crashed through her.

The man returned to his paper as she clutched her hands together, willing herself not to move. Soon, the waves of her first orgasm ebbed away and she reached inside her bag and turned the vibrator off. They were about twenty minutes away from her stop and she decided it was time to uncuff her ankles.

Opening her hand, the key slipped from her fingers and clinked loudly to the ground beneath her seat. There was a rustle of paper behind her and she glanced back to see the man reach underneath her seat.

“You dropped this,” he said, holding up her key.

“Thank you,” she said, not quite knowing what to do.

The bus came to a stop and the dark-haired man got up and swung himself into the seat beside her.

“Sort of a small key,” he grinned as he held it to her, “What’s it to, if you don’t mind me asking?”

Vicky now knew what it was like to be that deer in the headlight. She couldn’t move. She couldn’t talk. She just sat there and looked at him.

He leaned over to her and whispered in her ear, “You don’t have to say. I know what it is.”

A hot flash of embarrassment flushed her face red as she sat there, still unable to speak.

“Are these to the cuffs around your ankles?” he asked., “I noticed them when I bent over to get the key.”

Vicky nodded slightly, “Yes.”

The man grinned, but it was the grin of a shark about to rip open a flounder.

“Okay . . .what is your name?”

“Vicky,” she replied.

“Okay Vicky, here it is. I know you don’t want to hobble your way out of here, with everybody looking and all. So I’ll tell you what. I will give you the key if you promise me that when we get someplace more private, we will lock them up again.”

Again, the brunette froze.

“Now, I am pretty sure those hands of yours are cuffed underneath that sweater, am I right?”

Vicky nodded.

“Thought so,” he said, “And I am sure that you had a little orgasm back there, didn’t you?”

“Yes,” she said, bowing her head shamefully.

“So, here’s the deal. I unlock your ankles and keep the key and you don’t get embarrassed trying to get off the bus. After we get off, then we can negotiate the surrendering of this key. Okay.”

Vicky took in a hard, long breath before she nodded. She really didn’t have much of a choice in the matter.

The man leaned down and discreetly undid her cuffs, pocketing them in his suit coat. The bus seemed to crawl the last few miles to her stop.

“This is my stop,” she whispered.

The man stood up and pulled the dinger and the bus slowed and stopped. She quickly grabbed her purse and with the sweater draped over her cuffed hands, she exited the bus. The man followed and waited until the bus pulled away before pulling out the cuffs and key.

“So, here we are,” he smiled, “By the way, my name is Jim and I know a thing or two about these things.”

He dangled the cuffs in front of her.

“So here’s my offer. I can show you how to really use these things properly or I can just hand you back your cuffs and key and we part ways. As you can see, I am unattached. . .”

He held up his hand, showing the lack of a ring.

“. . .and I am hoping you are too.”

“Yes,” Vicky replied shyly.

“So, Vicky, do you want your cuffs back.”

Vicky smiled demurely, “No,” thinking to herself this Tuesday was the perfect day for this bus ride.

? If you enjoyed this story and would like to see more of my writings, please e-mail me at FESSELN1@aol.com. , visit my weblog at http://fesselnsfiction.blogspot.com/ or follow my latest updates on Twitter. Any and all comments are welcomed and appreciated.
