---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Moaning Forest
authors:
- Shogun Twhakker
tags:
- Other/f
- scifi
- alien
- vore
- cons
- X
date: 2019-11-02 00:00:00
---

Continues from [chapter two](the_moaning_forest2.html)

### Chapter 3: Forest Rescue and The Scenscen Snake

After the morning in the forest, the class; myself included; returned to study up on woodland creatures. Opimbo, as it turns out, is a high speed educational center. They’re just as interested in helping us learn the material as quickly as possible, rather than just presenting it and hoping we pick up on it. By the end of the day, we had covered pretty much everything in the forest reptile family except for one: The Scenscen Snake. I didn’t think anything of it, but then George, being thorough, filled me in on it while back at his place.

“Leslie,” George asked as I was getting dressed.

“Yes?”

“How long have we been fucking now?”

“Couple of awesome weeks, I tell ya.”

“Yes, of course.”

“Yes, and I am saturated. When I sweat in the gym, it’s your juice that comes out of my pores. My skin has never been so smooth and blemish free. My breasts are larger now too, I think you filled them up, and my ass cheeks have never been perfectly smooth, but they are now. I could be a model now, I think. I love it.”

“Hmmm, I see. Getting attached are we?”

“No, me? Not at all.”

“Well, that’s good. You need to use your pair bonding for Pat.”

I thought it was incredulous that George went there. I had to see where this statement of his was going.

George continued, “I know you don’t believe me yet, but I think you two have unfinished business. Hear me out on this one, I think there’s still love there.”

“What?”

“Think about it for a moment. He wouldn’t still be mad at you if he didn’t still want to be with you.”

“What the hell kind of logic is that?”

“It’s not logic, it’s feelings. You’re a human woman, I’d have figured you’d have known about feelings.”

“Ummm...”

“His resentment comes from his failure to figure you out in time. He’s still hurt, but he’s mostly angry at himself. You humans should consider yourselves fortunate to have such straightforward feelings. Feelings get more complicated the more intelligent you try to become.”

“Oh, so what are you trying to say? Do I need to sleep with him instead of you? I can’t believe I just said that.”

“Actually, yes.”

‘Holy shit.”

“You need to give yourself to him tonight, and end this stupid feud you two have. I can tell the two of you would be way stronger together than either of you apart.”

“Wow.”

“There’s something else you need to know as well.”

“Really? Okay. What is that?”

“As we have been fucking regularly, you are currently saturated with my juice.”

“Okay.”

‘I know you’ve seen it and felt it. It oozes out of your tear ducts when you’re crying at night, wishing you were at home. Wishing you were with Pat.”

“What?”

‘Don’t think I don’t see it. Remember, my species talks subconsciously through brain waves just as easily as through regular speech. It goes to my reptilian roots. Some things I cannot unsee, nor can I prevent myself from seeing them.”

“Oh. I see.”

“At any rate, being saturated with my juice will become a problem for you when you try to go to see Pat.”

“How so?”

“Many species here have a very particular “live culture” built into the juice. The live cultures are programmed by nature to accept the first DNA of whatever I’m pumping into. Ergo, your DNA is accepted by my live cultures, and my juice can saturate your body and assist it with everything from proper nutrition, to illness prevention, even speedy injury recovery and organ and limb regeneration. This is true regardless of which species I pump into.”

“Whoa.”

“Yeah, it’s a blessing and a curse at the same time.”

“Wait, how is it a curse?”

“The Ministry of Health keeps bugging me to assist in the development of new treatments and medicines. I know better, they don’t actually need my help. Your original planet was not the only one with mildly corrupt government and a lightly corrupt health and wellness system.”

“That’s crazy.”

‘Yeah, have you noticed your appetite changing and your body more flexible? You’ve already said you noticed your breasts and butt getting firmer and larger.”

“Yeah, I have noticed that.”

“Well, here’s the rub. Before you go see Pat, you gotta go get eaten.”

‘WHAT?”

“You have to pass through a Scenscen snake.”

‘Wait, what? WHY?”

‘The Scenscen snake will eat you, pass you through its digestive system, fuck all of your holes with its throat tenticles on the way down; and doing so will remove most, if not all of my juice from you.”

“And WHY do I need to do this again?”

“Because if you don’t, my juice will attack Pat’s skin on contact with entry into any of your holes, and cause, at the very very least, severe skin burns.”

“Ohhhhh.”

“You see, the ‘juice’ of most of the species on this planet is very protective of the individual that’s been chosen, and will do everything in its power to protect intrusion into the body of whomever that has been deemed fit to carry the juice.”

“Wow.”

“Rape, sexual assault, unwelcomed sexual advances? Yeah, that’s not really a problem on this planet. The evolution of my species, for instance, ensures that the juice can be assigned to a person, and prevent unwelcome intrusion and/or unwelcome impregnation.”

“Oh my god.”

“What?”

“I’m sorry. I’m just...”

“You’re reflecting on your past aren’t you?”

“Well....”

“Look, I know that, maybe if the two of you had come here a lot earlier, all of the variables would have been different, and you believe that your lives would have been different.”

‘Well, it’d have been better...”

“I’m not sure you can call it that.”

“WHAT?” I replied, now tearing up a bit.”

“What I mean is, these are the life cards you have been dealt. Make the best of them.”

“Oh. I thought you meant something else.”

“You have some crazy emotions and quick reactions, and I think you’d be well served to aim them towards getting back together with a man that still cares for you.”

“You really think so?”

“I know so.”

“But what would I say?”

“Just say you’re sorry. Start with that. You’d be shocked how many men from both our planets yearn to hear their lady say that. It doesn’t happen very often; and it puts a man at ease, which in turn allows said man to love you like the lady he remembers.”

“Apologize to him?”

“Yes. Irrespective of who’s really at fault, by opening the door with an apology, you end up with the power to steer the conversation into your favor.”

“Wow.” I couldn’t believe my ears. It was like I was listening to a self-help audio tape that had went into a direction I wasn’t expecting. However, as I thought it about it, the logic lined up to reality. I couldn’t fight it any longer. I had unfinished business with Pat, and it showed.

“Tell ya what. Come with me.”

We hopped into George’s car, and we sped off into the Juulweed Forest. On the way he explained Scenscen snakes hide in Juulweed. He also said Scenscen snakes can sense whether or not their intended eating ‘partners’ have the juice or nutrients they are looking for, and only eat ‘partners’ that actually have some juice in them. Some partners, of course, such as me; do have a lot of juice. Apparently, this snake, whatever it was, was going to suck every drop of George’s juice out of me as preparation for my night out with Pat. I hoped it was going to be quick, my night out with Pat was supposed to start in two hours.

“Okay, we’re here.” George said.

“Okay, where is here?” I asked.

“This is the depths of the Juulweed Forest. See that set of bushes in front of us? That’s the best chance we have of finding a hungry Scenscen snake.”

“Okay, what we are supposed to do now?”

“Well, first you need to get naked.”

“Ummm. Okay.”

“Scenscen snake does not eat partners that are wearing clothing. There are criteria to follow to get a Scenscen snake to actually feel comfortable enough to have you as an eating partner. Seams, zippers, and rivets in clothing all can rip the inside of the snake to shreds, and the snake knows this. It will only see you as inviting to it if it sees nothing but your soft skin, and only if it senses that you’re actually carrying juice that it can suck out of you.”

“Is this going to hurt?”

“No, it might feel strange, but you’ll feel no pain. You might even enjoy it.”

“How long will I be in?”

“Depends on how much juice you have left.”

‘I guess it’s a good thing we didn’t fuck this morning.”

“Yeah, if I had filled you this morning, you’d be in the damn snake for a week. Right now, I figure, a couple of hours, tops.”

“Alright, let’s get it over with.” I started stripping down in the front seat of George’s car; which was familiar because I had done so in the front seat of one of these cars before.

“Okay, now when you go outside, sit just outside the bush, with your feet sort of under the bush near the roots; this will invite the snake to take you in. Don’t fight it; remember, he’s helping you, not actually eating you, okay?”

“Okay. Oh, and George?”

“Yes?”

“Thank you.”

“I know you’re thinking you’re gonna die; you’re not. Snap out of it and get out there, the sooner you’re drained, the sooner you can go off and be happy with the man you love.”

“I know, I just wanted to say thank you. It’s how I’m wired.”

“Excellent. Now I can’t go out there and help you do this. You have to do this alone. Go. I’ll be back to get you in a couple of hours. If he finishes you early, just hangout with your lower body in his throat. Scenscen saliva is a great skin exfoliant; and he won’t mind you hanging out for a few minutes. Now go.”

After this little pep talk, I got out of the car, unbelievably ready to give my body to a “snake” for a chance at a greater personal future. As George drove away, I stood, watching the car get smaller down the road. Then I was startled by a mix between a hiss and a voice.

“Lessssleeee” the Scenscen snake said.

“WHOA, that’s freaky! How do you know my name?”

“George ssssent out a ssssignal on the way heeeree.”

“Wait, you TALKED with him?”

“No, Lessssleeee. We picked up on hissss ssssignal. You sssssee, there are thingsssss even college professsssorssss don’t know about usssssss yet.”

‘Ummm okay.”

“You are here to get drained of your juicessssssss from George sssssso you can go sssssee your boyfriend.”

‘Pat’s not my boyfriend.”

“No, Lesssssleeeee. But you want him to beeeee.”

“I can’t believe I’m....”

“....butt-assss nekkid talking to a sssnake about being drained of another man’sss juicesss ssso you can go rekindle an old flame? Yesssss, Lessssssleeeee, you arrrrrreeeee.”

“Wow.”

“Sssssit down and let me do my work. Relaxxxxxxx. Let usssss help each other outttt.”

I don’t know if it was shock or awe, but I did as I was told. Within a couple of minutes, the Scenscen snake had taken both of my legs up to my knees into his mouth. The sensations were crazy. It was like I was being kissed by thousands of little suction cups, constantly sucking on me. It tickled at first, but the more it went on, the more erotic it became. As the snake’s mouth headed for my pelvic area, I could feel myself getting wet. I instantly thought, ‘oh no, not now, this is supposed to be a necessary evil, I’m not supposed to enjoy this!’ It was to no avail. After the snake’s head went past my waist and got to my belly button, I could feel what may have been a finger or a tongue, which also had the little suction cups, going right up inside my pussy.

Then, the first wave hit. I orgasmed before the snake had even finished swallowing me. The notion of whether or not I was going to come out the other end alive or if I had just been lied to no longer mattered. I wanted more, and I ended up getting more. Much, much more. By the time the snake got to my mouth, I was convulsing in pleasure. Between all of the little suction cups on my body and the ones attached to the small shafts now pulsating inside of my vagina and anus, I was enthralled in ecstasy. Any objections I had were now blown away.

Once I was fully swallowed, the snake stopped sucking on me a moment, and I came back down from cloud 9 for a few minutes. I could still sort of see out. The inside of the snake was semi-translucent. Nothing was in focus, but I could see light coming in, which was comforting. The inside was rather warm, and moist. It was nice. As great as it felt, I started to worry about Pat. I was doing this for him, and I wanted to get it over with quickly so I could go see him. But, before I could think of what to say to him, I heard a voice in my head.

“Lesssssleeeee.” I heard in my head.

“Oh god, get out of my head!” I shouted.

“Lessssleeee. Apologizzzze to him....”

“Oh jeez, you too?” I retorted.

“He neeedssss to hear it from you....”

“I never dreamed I’d be lectured in my own head while being eaten. This is a first.”

“I can hold you in here and keep you alive for two monthsssss. I’m guesssssing George didn’t mention the confesssssion clausssse.”

“WHAT?” I wailed.

“My ssspeciessss only helpssss beings that are truthful, sssselflessss and intend to help thosssse in need.”

“Oh?”

“He needsssss you Lessssleeee. He needsssss you to be good to him.”

In that instant, I started crying, because the snake, strange as it was, was right. As I tried to refer to my memory to remember what I did wrong in my past, the snake shifted gears and started sucking on me again, sending me into a tailspin of pleasure that I cannot even fully describe. Imagine being naked, trapped, and wrapped in the underbelly of a huge Earth ocean octopus, with one small tentacle vibrating up each of your lower holes while being constantly pulse-sucked on every inch of skin on your body in random patterns like that of a massage chair, and you’d still only be halfway there. I orgasmed over and over and over again at the mercy of this snake. A couple of hours later, I was in pure bliss.

“Lesssssleeeee,” the snake lured me mentally for a response from me.

“Yessss?” I asked audibly; unintentionally sounding like a snake.

“Ahhh. You have adopted my native tongue. That will ssserve you well in thisss world.”

“It wasss an accccident.”

“Are you ssssure about that?”

Now, I was thinking, ‘OMG what have I gotten myself into now? How am I going to drop the snake speak to talk to Pat? Was this just in the snake, or was this a permanent side effect?” The thoughts ran through my head like butter across a hot pancake.

“Your accccccent with my native tongue will sssserve you well in thissss world. Trusssst me.” the snake retorted.

“I’m sssscared.”

“All you have to do isssss apologizzze to him.”

“And if I don’t?”

“If you don’t, your Englissssssh will slowly go away leaving you with only my tongue.”

“I imagine there’sssss a time limit.”

“Yessssss. One-hundred hourssssss. He has to lovingly kissssss you on the lips within 100 hourssssss, for my native tongue to subside from you, allowing you to do what you will with him in your form.”

“And if he doessssn’t?”

“If he doessssn’t, you become like me.....”

Now I was absolutely terrified. My fate of continuing as a human or becoming a snake was now down to whether or not I managed to receive a loving kiss from Pat 100 hours from now. I kicked myself at this point, because he had originally wanted to kiss me on the third night, and I pushed him away because of my past. However, I had never stepped down from a challenge and I wasn’t about to now.

“Doessss my time sssstart now or when you releasssse me?”

“Your 100 hoursssss starts when I fully releasssssse you into the world.”

“Okay.”

No sooner than I had finished that dialogue with the Scenscen snake, did I start being ejected from his body. I was slowly pushed back out through his mouth, head first. It was a strange feeling, I would almost describe it as like being born, except there was no pain, at all. After the snake’s mouth got below my waist, I tried grabbing the mouth to hold him on, like George had said. George didn’t mention I would get an electric shock from his mouth, which stung like hell on my hands, which now throbbed and turned red as I stared at them.

After the snake finished spitting me out, he turned and slithered back into the bush, never to be seen by me in that format again. Conversely, however, I would hear him again.

“Remember Lesssssleeeee,” said the Scenscen snake into my mind, “kisssss from him in 100 hourssssss or you’re mine....”

“Ssssso, mind control and mind monitoring. What elsssse doessss this planet have to offer?” I sarcastically asked, trying hard to hide the snake accent I had just picked up.

Now I had to find George, as he said he’d find me with the car, but apparently the snake had slithered around while I was in him, because I did not recognize my surroundings at all. Naked and afraid, I stumbled around in this strange forest, hoping I could find someone, or something, that would help me out.

As I walked around on the soft grass that made up the forest floor, I tried to look up at the sky. Seeing the orientation of the five moons was not really possible in the forest because of the tree overlay, which itself was quite beautiful. It was almost a tropical overlay kind of forest, or at least, that’s what I would describe it as back on Earth. I took in the views for a few minutes and began to feel at ease even in spite of the predicament I was now in.

Then, in my most relaxed state, I had an epiphany. The trees in front of me were all Miopty trees. This meant some of them had girls in them, and that the open knot at my head level would have been the girls’s mouths. As I wondered if any of them could talk, I noticed what appeared to be a monkey trying to get it on with one of the holes in one of the trees. I scared him off to find that tree beginning to release the girl it had been pleasuring and depositing tree globes into.

“This is perfect!” I thought to myself. My mind started racing to create a new plan. I would help this girl out, whoever she is, we find the planting row together, then as she starts squatting and planting, I would get the attention of one of the line workers, which would call a superior over, and that would get me back to George so that I could continue as before.

Or so I thought.....

Continues in [parts four through nine](http://www.twhakker.com), available for purchase via the author's site.
