---
original_url: https://www.dollstories.net/storiesad/awaspssting.html
subcategory: Doll Stories
title: A Wasp's Sting
authors:
- SparkyMira
tags:
- MF
- M/f
- comic-store
- convention
- mixup
- plan
- costume
- latex
- control
- headphones
- position
- pose
- polish
- mannequin
- truck
- transport
- mount
- display
- insert
- factory
- mistake
- stuck
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2018-04-29 00:00:00
---

Woman to Mannequin TF - MoK

_**The Misadventures of Kim***_

_“Look Kim, I just need you to do this! Please!” my best friend since kindergarten, Andrew Henderson yelled as he chased me around the back end of the comic store we both helped run.
“I told you Andrew I am not comfortable with this idea and just because you forgot to order the other model doesn’t make me your get out of jail free card.” I stated firmly placing a hand on my hip to prove my point.
My name was Kimberly Gloss and alongside my friend Andrew we were a pair of 20 year olds working for a large comic book store in our hometown during the break between college semesters. 
Andrew was a tall lanky man with short black hair that was a good foot and a half taller than me. He was a geek in all but appearance though and that is why we are such good friends.
I on the other hand am short but with a rather attractive body. I had shoulder length brown hair currently pulled up into a ponytail. My chest was a decent high B-Cup which was easily made more acceptable by my shapely curves, ass and thighs. 
I was a total difference from the pretty girl stereotype though. Andrew and I would often be picked on when we were younger for being the weird nerdy kids. Now however we were just left alone because of our strange social status.
Our job at the store was fairly simple. We managed the front store portion of the shop and restocked the inventory. We also placed all of the orders. One of the orders and our current point of argumentation is the fact that not only did Andrew forget to book my pass for the upcoming comic convention where our booth was a staple for the past five years, he also forgot to order a new mannequin like our manager wanted for the booth.
“Look just use the one from the display we have, I am not helping you after you fucked up my chances of getting into the biggest con of the year!” I shrieked from the opposite counter.
“That’s why this is going to help you! I have a way to get you in without your pass!” he said grabbing my shoulder.
I looked up to him and gave him a questioning look. He seemed to get what I meant and led me into the back of the storage room where we kept all of the spare outfits for the display mannequins and other various accessories.
Grinning he dug around through the boxes, tossing random pieces of clothing to and fro until he finally pulled a leather or latex black and yellow dress out. 
“Tadah!” he said triumphantly as he held the outfit near my face.
I just left the silence hanging as I waited for an explanation.
“Ok look. I know I screwed up really bad but here is how we get you in.” he said gathering a few other articles that looked like they went with the outfit before he walked towards a partially opened shipping crate. 
Once we reached the crate he handed off the clothes to me as he removed the lid and a cover piece of protective Styrofoam that was under it. 
He peeled that layer off and revealed an extremely detailed mannequin whose dark blue eyes seemed to resonate with my own. Her full lips and dainty nose were perfectly framed by her jaggedly styled hair due and soft face. 
It was only when I took in her whole body did I let loose a slight gasp. She was wearing the same black and yellow ensemble that Andrew had placed into my hands mere moments ago. 
It dawned on me now that this was the mannequin replica of the Wasp or Janet Van Dyne that we had recently shipped back to the manufacturing company because we no longer needed it.
“This little thing is not only my ticket to saving my bacon but also your ticket to getting into the con.” He said matter-of-factly as with a little effort he removed the plastic model from her case, leaving a distinct indent in the packaging. 
He walked off to the side for a moment and I took the time to inspect the plastic shell closely. It was nearly inch for inch the same size as me and her body type was nearly identical to mine. Her skin as was standard with all of the expertly detailed mannequins we used was made of extremely realistic silicone that emulated the human skin and warmth almost perfectly. I was mesmerized by the detail until Andrew returned with a full length mirror.
“Originally we sent this one back to the factory so we could make room for a new display but the case is just perfect for her size and with the new Wasp comics coming out we sent back for her.” He said placing his newly acquired supplies down.
“So this beauty is supposed to be out on display by the end of the day and then tomorrow after closing time I will tell our almighty manager Jarod that the Wasp will be the display at our booth.” He said patting her should affectionately. 
I raised an eyebrow at this. “Ok that makes sense but how does this help anyone but yourself? I am still down a ticket to the show and you still owe me.”
He seemed to smile manically at my comment before grabbing the dress from my hands and holding it up near the mannequin.
“You see the fine folks at Life-O-Plastic were kind enough to send an extra outfit for Ms. Van Dyne here since we said we would be keeping her this time. Meaning if someone who was, oh I don’t know, roughly the exact same size as her wanted to try it on and cosplay as her it might be okay.” He said with a lot of emphasis on the last part and my eyes locked with his.
“Explain.” I said simply. I was very intrigued by where he was going with this.
“We are going to dress you up as the Wasp and I am going to put you into the crate to be shipped with the other mannequins being delivered to the convention center, where soon after delivery you will be placed at our company’s booth and can then freely roam the con.”
My mouth dropped at this crazy plan… but was I actually not going to question it? It sounded fool proof. I would just need to act like a mannequin for half a day and then I was home free. 
I nodded. “I swear I have no clue what goes on in that head of yours Andy but when we need a plan you are just crazy enough to find a wild solution.” I giggled as we laughed together before placing the mannequin on display and closing up for the night._*The Next Day**
We both arrived early to work the following morning in order to enact out crazy plot. I had woken up even earlier to get my hair in the proper jagged positioning and my makeup just right to match the mannequin.
I met up with Andy in the storage area where he was busy placing the doll behind a dusty shelf so it wouldn’t be found. I gave a quick hello before grabbing the spare costume and walking to the little girl’s room.
The outfit was a major pain to get on seeing as how it was mainly comprised of latex but after some struggling, especially with the long gloves I managed to fit into the snug costume. Now came the actual hard part. 
Upon exiting the room I stopped and stared at what Andrew was holding. In each of his hands were large plastic wings that had been freshly taken off of the original mannequin. It was hard enough to move as is in the tight costume but I managed to make my way over to him.
“Hey there good looking you ready to earn your wings?” he asked holding up a single wing and a hot glue gun.
I gulped and gave him a halfhearted glare as he turned me around and applied the warm and sticky substance. Soon enough I had two weights hanging off of my back and he came over with the last piece of my costume. The headphones. 
“You sure I look close enough to the actual thing?” I asked before waddling over to the mannequin he had pulled out from its hiding spot. 
As it turns out the company must have sent an extra set of wings too because standing in a rather sugestive pose was the original Wasp mannequin in her still complete form. 
He gave me a light push before giggling to himself. Immediately I felt something change as the headphones I had just been given gave a slight vibration and my body began moving on its own. 
At first it was just one leg moving slightly in front of the other but soon everything moved. My left leg was moved forward and I leaned slightly onto it as my right leg bent at an angle that took my heel off of the ground but left the front portion of that foot stable.
The movement continued up my body as my hips bent forward slightly placing my butt out just a bit more than normal. My left arm bent itself at little more than a 45 degree angle and my fist closed as it came to rest slightly above my hip.
Following suit my right arm moved back and bent itself in the same style but remained in the same position just with my hand open and finger sprawled out as if holding something. My shoulders jolted forward at an angle and that placed my ample amounts of showing cleavage just in front of my left hand.
Finally my head tilted slightly to the left as I felt a wide, slightly sultry smile form on my face and my eyes squinted just slightly. 
At this point I was panicking on the inside but I couldn’t move or talk anymore. I looked to Andrew who just looked me up and down before giving me a thumbs up and walking away.
I wanted desperately to call after him or cry out to someone else but I simply could not. Thankfully it wasn’t long before he returned with the full length mirror to which I inwardly sighed in relief as to what he was doing.
Soon I was no longer scared or mad, instead I was just stunned at what I was seeing. Instead of a woman dressed as the Wasp, in the mirror stood two mannequins. I could barely tell myself apart from the original.
It was amazing how lifelike the original looked but at the same time now I realized how artificial I looked in comparison to before I put the costume on.
After some time Andrew tapped my headphones again and I could freely move my body from the neck up. He appeared before me with a bottle of something and a rag.
“What the hell was that?” I asked in pure curiosity as he poured some strange liquid onto the rag and began rubbing it onto me.
“It is a control system built into every model. There is a point on the costume that binds them into a variety of preset poses. I was wondering if it would work on you and it did. Apparently so well that you couldn’t even speak.” He said as he continued to what I assumed was shining my body.
I nodded as if that was the only answer he needed. We just sat there in silence as he applied the polish to every part of my body, even the non-covered parts. It made them glisten like rubber and he smirked at me once more.
“I am going to freeze you again and finish polishing you before I ship you out. I am going to leave your ability to speak on but your movement will be disabled again so you will only be able to make light noises.” He said firmly.
I was about to object but he was quicker and activated the full paralysis mode again. I made a lightly annoyed grunt at him but he just smiled and rubbed the polish into my face.
Once he pulled away I was just as shiny as my sister mannequin and it made me feel… proud? I really couldn’t tell you to be honest but so far I was having a good time with this adventure. 
I felt movement and to my shock Andrew had shoved me under one arm and was carrying me carefully away from the back room and to the loading/unloading area.
“Ok I will see you this afternoon at the con got it? Good. Later “Janet”.” He added a bit mockingly before he set me down.
“This the one?” a gruff voice said from behind me.

“Yup just let me put her in the crate and you can…” he started but never finished as a pair of large arms lifted me up.
“No need. We can just put her with the other loose ones. See you at the con.” He said before pushing me into the large truck and closing the door.
I heard Andrew say something in the distance but as the door slammed I could no longer hear him.
Thankfully with how I was placed I could examine the other contents of the trailer. There were many crates like the one I was supposed to be in and a few boxes labeled with various names.
It was the other “loose ones” as the ape who had hauled me off had but it that caught my eye. There was one of what I assumed was an anime character with long pink hair. Another was an exact replica of Wonder Woman. 
They were all very impressive and I began to look at the detail of each one. They were so expertly crafted that I couldn’t tell the difference of if they were a real woman like me or a replica.
I must have been admiring them for a long time as when a jolt of the truck caused me to lean up against said Wonder Woman mannequin I broke out of my trance. 
I waited for what felt like hours as voices came and went until finally the door behind me was opened and I was seized by another set of large arms. I was carried through a very colorful doorway with many toys and comics lining the wall. 
It was pretty impressive for a con to have so many decorations on display in this way. The gorilla holding me soon turned into a side room and I was blinded by the bright lights shining down into it.
Inside the room from what my limited view could see was a large machine that was depositing mannequins onto rods to hold them in place. There were rows and rows of the same character. What looked like a hundred Super Girls were next to a hundred Wonder Women? It was insane.
The mook kept walking until I saw our destination and let out an inaudible gulp. There in between a set of Maria Hills and Black Widows was a row of mounted Wasp mannequins. I wasn’t at the convention, I was returned to the factory!
I couldn’t even make a noise loud enough for whoever was carrying me to notice as he roughly placed me onto a cold metal pole that, on any normal mannequin, would have slid right into the holster for it. Instead it worked its way right up my asshole and fixed itself there.
I was inwardly sobbing as the man walked away leaving me alone with hundreds of hollow plastic shells that were going to be sold. I was just one of them now.
How did this happen? Did Andrew accidentally send me back to the shop for repairs or as a return? This was a problem.
Soon the lights faded and I was left alone with my thoughts… how was I going to get out of this?

story continues in [**part two**](awaspssting2.html)
o0o
