---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/special/halloween22/ghosts_of_pickle_park.html
subcategory: TG/CD Stories
title: The Ghosts Of Pickle Park
authors:
- Lancer175
tags:
- M+F+/m+f+
- mast
- sex
- rope
- blindfold
- gag
- spreadeagle
- captive
- magic
- horror
- naked
- nc
- XX
date: 2022-10-29 00:00:00
---

“This place is creepy, Mike.” Melissa said to her boyfriend Mike as they snuck through the fence of an abandoned amusement park.

Pickle Park was a popular amusement park until two young couples died when a roller coaster car sped off the tracks killing all four. The four people killed 17 years ago had also attended the community college that the couples sneaking into the abandoned park were attending.

Yeah, guys, this is a really spooky place” Deb said to her boyfriend Sean.

“All, come on girls, don’t be such wimps. It’s Halloween and the stories about the deaths of the four from our college are fascinating. Supposedly, at exactly 12 midnight on Halloween, the ghosts of all four that were killed in the roller coaster accident arise and haunt the amusement park until dawn.” Sean told his friends.

“Well, that story is not only spooky, it's just plain sick, going to the same college as those four killed and wanting to see their ghosts. You guys are just too much.” Deb just kept complaining.

Reluctantly, the girls went along with this crude and disrespectful Halloween ghost hunt. All four were able to sneak through an opening in the fence. Sean looked at his watch, it was 11:57, just three minutes until it is rumored the ghosts of the 4 roller coaster riders will haunt the park.

All became very still as the town clock chimed 12 midnight.

“See, this is a bunch of bull shit!” Melissa barked at the guys. “Just what the hell did you guys think would happen?”

No sooner had Melissa spoken than an eerie mist began to form. The haze thickened until everyone was surrounded with a fog-like substance that had no smell and was not wet. The mist began to form four swirling vortexes, each misty dust devil approached the four college students.

“OK, this is getting fuckin’ weird” Deb yelled as she tried to reach for her boyfriend. But she couldn’t move, and suddenly she couldn’t speak. All four of the trespassers were somehow in a frozen state, aware of their surroundings, but unable to move or speak. Their bodies were gently lowered to the ground as if by magic.

Deb could feel something touching her, unbuttoning her blouse, pulling down her pants. She wanted to scream, but her mouth wouldn’t move and she couldn’t make a sound. Both girls soon realized they were becoming naked. An unknown source unhinged their bras allowing their massive breasts to spring loose into the cold night air, nipples suddenly erect. Simultaneously, both females felt a squeezing of their breasts as if they were being fondled.

Beside the girls, the guys were similarly being assaulted by the ghostly mist. Both men were stunned at attention and couldn’t move or speak. They also felt something removing their clothes, their belts were removed and their pants dropped to the ground. As their underwear was lowered, each man felt a sucking motion of their penis. Each manhood began to harden and soon formed a massive erection.

As the boys moaned in pleasure, a weird feeling of wet skin surrounded each cock. These pouches of pliable softness soon began to feel like a female vagina, complete with muscle movements and a rhythmic motion up and down. The boys soon realized they were actually having sex with an unseen and unknown source. The rush of semen began to flow north. The men ejaculated with their sperm spewing into the misty fog. But, as their cum shot forth, an outline of a human body began to appear.

The girls were likewise fully engaged in intercourse with an unknown creature of the mist. The erotic feeling of fondling of their breasts soon included a feeling of a hard object penetrating their most sensual void. With an invisible rod feeling so big and hard, the girls couldn’t help but explode into a massive orgasm. As they reached a pinnacle of sexual pleasure, they witnessed what appeared to be a male form begin to develop over them.

The four trespassers that were simply out for a night of Halloween fun were now looking directly at four human figures that developed out of the mist.

“I am sure each of you are totally perplexed, confused and probably scared. I am Kyle, the ghost of one of the college students that was killed in the roller coaster here 17 years ago. The other three student ghosts have also assumed a likeness of their bodies. We were killed by the negligence of this money grabbing amusement park.”

As Kyle was talking, his companion human spirits began to tie and gag the four present-day students. Large amounts of cloth were stuffed into their mouths. The spirit students each had a roll of silver duct tape that was wrapped around each person multiple times. The ghosts tied their hands behind their back with rope. Ropes were tightly wound around the breasts of each girl and secured between their legs with each rope leading to a guy behind them with the rope that was tied around their privates and looped around their penis. The four gently walked as the crotch ropes pulled up on each pussy and tightened on the tits while the penis ropes created a painful hard on for the guys.

The four college spirits picked up the clothing of their captives and put the clothes on themselves. Amazingly, each piece of clothes fit, even down to the massive DD cups of the girls’ bras as the ghostly girls thrust out their chests.

Kyle continued his oration, “We have been waiting 17 years to complete our night at the amusement park. Each year since our death, our spirits rise out at exactly 12 midnight and roam the park until the first peek of sunlight. But to take human form, we had to wait until we could capture two couples from our college who were in the park at exactly midnight on Halloween and to have sex with those humans to gain human form. The four of you have freed our souls until the sun begins to peek over the horizon at dawn. We plan on enjoying our time in the park, courtesy of your stupidity and Halloween curiosity. Now you will accompany us, participate with us and at times be our entertainment.”

The spirits led the four frightened college students into the midway of the amusement park. The rusted rides and abandoned games suddenly came alive with sight and sound. The spirits of the college students led the four humans towards the “Swings”, a ride that spun around as patrons sat on small wooden swings. But, instead of swings, Mike, Melissa, Deb and Sean were hung from the high chains that would normally support the wooden swing seats. Their arms were tightly secured to the metal cross bars at the top of the ride.

The ghostly hosts climbed aboard the ride, positioning one male ghost next to each female and the female ghosts next to the males. As the ride started, the centrifugal force lifted the four trussed friends into a circular spin at about a 45 degree angle from the ride. The ghosts made their chairs swing close enough to the four humans to be able to touch them. As the ride sped around and around in circles, the ghosts would reach over to their ”guests”, male ghost grabbing a female by the breasts and the female ghosts grabbing the males by the genitals, laughing as they tease and torture their captives while swinging on the ride.

After having such great fun on the Swings, the group of ghosts herded their human captives to the merry-go-round. Melissa and Deb were literally mounted on horses with what appeared to be plastic dildos attached to the saddles. As the hobby horse would go up and down, the phallic object would go in and out of their vagina while the two male ghosts rode the horses beside them fondling their breasts with every motion. Meanwhile, each guy was secured to a horse next to a female ghost that rode the horse beside them, masturbating the college boys as the horses went up and down.

The ghosts were having a great time, riding rides while teasing and erotically playing with their human captives. The female ghosts decided to make a game to determine which ghost could make their human ejaculate first. Meanwhile, the male ghosts were delighted to watch their female college captives edge closer to an orgasm. To make this unique competition more exciting, Kyle, the leader of the ghosts, sped up the carousel, speeding the up and down of the carousel horses which increased the in and out of the dildos manually fucking the women and allowing the female ghosts more momentum to bring the male captives to a quicker explosion.

The ghosts applauded and cheered out loud as their four college captives moaned through their gags when they reached a female orgasm or shot a load high into the air.

“Well, I hope each of you thoroughly enjoyed the ride on the merry-go-round.” Kyle said, walking between the horses as the ride slowed down. “Now it’s time to play some games.”

The college kids were a bit tired after reaching a height sexual excitement. They were released from the riding positions and led towards the midway of games.

“I love miniature golf.” Kyle said to his captives as they proceeded through the amusement park. “But, it looks like we will have to add a few obstacles to the course.”

Kyle and his ghost accomplices led each human and secured them into various positions on the golf course to enhance the difficulty of winning. Four unwilling golf obstacles were added to the course.

The ghosts tapped their golf balls down the mini-fairway. Each ball bounced off a sideboard and down a ramp that led directly on to Melissa’s stomach. As the ball stopped on her navel, each player had to tap their ball between her massive boobs and roll the ball down her neck to the next level.

On the lower level of the course, the ghost mini-golfers had to carefully aim and hit the ball a bit harder to force the golf ball to push back one of the two penises that formed a “swingin’ dick” gate to the final hole. With Sean tightly secured on his right side and Mike facing him lying on his left side, their massive cocks nearly touched, forming a human gate.

Each golfer had to hit their golf ball hard enough to cause one, or both, of the penis gates to move back enough to allow the ball to move to the last hole. To make sure the “gates” remained taut, the female ghosts were constantly stroking and licking the dicks to keep them hard.

Each time a ball struck a penis with enough force to make it move, Mike or Sean would groan through their gags and grimace in pain. If the ball was aimed just right, the ball would simultaneously strike the bulb end of each cock, causing the erections to move in parallel motion like pinball machine flippers.

Once the golf ball passed the “swingin’ dicks” obstacle, the ghost players would take direct aim at the final “hole”, Deb’s wide open, wet pussy. Her ankles stretched outward and secured tightly to the golf mat providing an excellent V shape entrance to the desired sex hole. Clothes pins were attached to the outer skin of the vagina with strings leading to Deb’s big toes, pulling back the folds of her entrance to allow an excellent target for a golf ball.

As the ghosts each approached the final “hole”, Deb realized the golf balls could nest exactly within the entrance to her sex. After the girl ghosts finished their duty keeping the boys hard, they each shot through the “swingin’ dick” gates and tried to hit the “hole”. The two girl ghosts were disappointed neither got in the hole. The first male putted towards Deb, but hit the ball a little too hard and it bounced over her knee and off of the course.

Deb was tied down, spread eagle and looked directly at Kyle as he steadied his aim toward her shining, bushy hole. He raised his club and shot the ball with pinpoint accuracy into her pussy. Deb’s gagged pleas were ignored as the hard golf ball planted itself solidly into her wet crotch.

“The winner!” Kyle shouted. “And as my prize, I also get a “hole in one!” Deb’s eyes got large as she soon realized she was about to be fucked by a ghost. The unbelievable hardness of his, whatever a ghost has, provided her with an extraterrestrial fuck she could never imagine. His metronome pounding created her interior spasms that soon launched her into a massive orgasm. Her muffled screams of sexual bliss indicated that Kyle had not lost his touch.

The four college captives were led down the midway to the ring toss stand. Little did they know the rings would be tossed on their private parts. They went into a game area lying flat on their backs as their ghostly hosts prepared them for the game. Each person was secured to a board, hands tied above their heads and feet tied below them so each body was stretched to the max. The male ghosts went to the females where they wrapped tape around each breast multiple times to make each boob sit at attention. The four taught breasts appeared like 4 farm silos sticking up on the Kansas prairie. The girl ghosts had an easier time getting the male poles to stand erect by massively sucking each cock to attention.

“Let the games begin” lead ghost Kyle shouted to his phantom companions.

The object for the girls was to throw as many rings as possible around their male poles while the man ghosts would throw as many rings as possible around the towering boobs. Each ghost had ten rings, the ghost with the most rings around the corresponding sex peg would win. The larger and harder rings hurt the females as the rings bounced off their tits. Occasionally a ring would catch the top of a nipple and fall down around the boob.

The guys didn’t have it any better. The smaller, hard plastic rings hurt as they ricochet off the knob end of their penis, sometimes even causing the penis to bend. When a successful ring would catch the top bulb at an angle, the hard plastic ring would spin around the cock until it would fall around to the bottom of the crotch.

“I win!!” yelled Sabrina, a female ghost. She removed the 8 rings from around Sean's hardened tube of skin, and jumped for joy, letting her clothes simply slip off of her through her ghostly form. She soon appeared with a female human-like body. In her excitement she jumped into the air, doing several cheerleader style backflips, making a perfect one point landing on Sean's mighty rod that slid directly into her ghostly female void. Sabrina was able to stiffen her opening with a pumping motion that drastically excited Sean to the point he could feel his hot semen rising to the occasion.

Sean watched as Sabrina’s massive boobs bounced up and down, and to his amazement, her tits grew even larger with each bounce. Mysteriously, Sabrina did not seem to have any weight, but her constant rhythm and tight female hold on his cock was driving Sean to a point of a massive ejaculation. He watched her massive boobs keep expanding until milk squirted out of each nipple hitting Sean directly in the face. The feeling of her ghostly female opening tightening pushed Sean to the point of male ecstasy. He launched a massive reservoir of fluid that he watched flow through the opaque female image and into the air, landing on his stomach.

“Now that was really fun!” Sabrina exclaimed as the clothes floated back on to her female outline. The other ghosts removed the rings from their human ring toss victims, playing with Mike’s also erect penis and Deb’s and Melissa’s boobs. Tapping the rings against his penis nearly caused Mike to ejaculate. Meanwhile, as the rings were removed from the girl’s boobs, a bit of fun fondling and nipple pinching was in order. The removal of the tape from each tit was a most painful experience, slightly pulling skin as each layer of tape was removed.

The captives were next pulled together to the archery shooting gallery. Fear was suddenly in the eyes of the four college trespassers when they saw the sharp archery arrows. Each victim was mounted spread eagle across a bull’s eye. In addition to their stuffed, gagged mouths, each person was also blindfolded, which added greatly to the fear of what would happen.

The four ghosts laughed at their captives’ struggles and pulled on their bonds.

“Ready, aim, fire!” Kyle yelled as two of the ghosts launched sharp tipped arrows, landing perilously close to Deb and Mike’s left ear. Kyle and the other ghosts shot sharp arrows that just missed the earlobes of Sean and Melissa. Melissa winced as she realized just how close the arrow was to going through her ear.

The next four sharply pointed arrows were shot simultaneously at each human target, landing just below the crotch of each victim. The ghosts howled with laughter as their spread eagle targets slightly jumped as each arrow nearly ended their sexual prowess. The guys could literally feel the wooden part of the arrow touching the bottom of the balls, while the girls nearly fainted as the sharp arrows landed in the split of their skins.

Though the victims could not see, the next set of arrows had suction cups in place of the sharp arrow blades.

Kyle shouted commands to his archers, “OK, this time aim directly at each nipple, ladies shoot directly at the end of each man’s penis, and the males direct your arrows right down the middle of each pussy.”

These orders shocked the college kids, as loud exclamations of fear. “NNOOMMGHHNFNOMMFFHHNNOOO” were muffled through the gags, tears began to stream down the faces of Melissa and Deb as they anticipated the most painful experience of their lives.

“FIRE!!” yelled Kyle as the arrows swooshed through the air, landing exactly on each target.

As the arrows hit, screams of anticipated excruciating pain came from the sealed mouths who suddenly realized the arrows did not hurt, but rather they felt a sucking on their nipples, in their pussy, and on the bulb end of each penis.

The four ghosts were rolling on the ground with laughter, watching each victim expect a painful arrow entering their skin, only to have a suction cup arrow attach itself to their most private parts. Each penis appeared three times as large as a suction cup sealed over the bulb end making each penis stick straight out with the arrow straight out front. The women’s massive breasts were pulled downward by the weight of the arrow stuck directly on each nipple.

As if the ghost weren’t amused enough, the four ghost hosts went over to the naked spread-eagled captives and pulled the suction cup arrows off with a quick jerking “POP”. This action pulled each penis to length far larger than normal and pulled the nipples to an elongated erotic length three times the size. Red, round marks outlined the areola of the women as their nipples slowly reduced back to normal size.

The four captives were assembled for their final “fun” event. Painfully roped together with crotch ropes puling against the sex organs of their captives, the four trespassers were boarded on to the lead car of the roller coaster, the same car that was going too fast and threw the four students to their death 17 years before.

Still bound and gagged, Mike and Deb were placed in the lead roller coaster car in the first seat. They were tied together with their arms around each other so they could not move. Ropes were tied around their neck and their bodies secured around their waist. Sean and Melissa were similarly tied in the same car in the seats directly behind them. The two couples were tied into a romantic embrace, prepared for what could be their final ride as they realized the ghosts were about to recreate the night 17 years ago when the two couples were locked in an embrace as the roller coaster car sped around the hairpin turn hurling the lovers into a 150 foot freefall to their death.

The four ghosts climbed into the roller coaster car behind the bound “lovers”. The roller coaster started a slow ascent up the first grade, reaching the top and speeding down the other side. The four ghosts shouted and screamed with glee enjoying the ride as their captives pleaded, groaned and cried through their gags, “MMGHSTOOOOOPPGHUKDNOOOHHEELPOOPDHHEOOHHMGHGHG!!” begging the ride to stop.

The coaster car was rapidly gaining speed with every hill and turn. The four captives now tightly embraced preparing for their ultimate fall to death. If they weren’t so scared, the guys would have really appreciated the massive boobs crunched against their chest. The coaster car topped the final hill careening down a blazing speed much greater than would be reasonable to make the final turn. As the cars with the captives and ghosts rocketed towards the hairpin turn, the four bound college students closed their eyes and let out muffled screams as the car began to careen off the rails, but suddenly stopped.

The first glimmer of sun peeked over the horizon, the ropes suddenly disappeared. The coaster car behind them was empty except for their clothing. Sunrise, the ghosts vanished until another Halloween in another year.

“Hey, you college kids are just plain sick!” Yelled a deputy sheriff down on the ground. “Screwing on the same roller coaster those kids were killed is horrible, ain’t you all got any respect for the dead!”

The deputy was frustrated that yet another Halloween attracted kids from the same college attended by the four killed 17 years ago showed up again on Halloween to see if the four ghosts still roam the abandoned amusement park on Halloween night.

“Damn it, get your clothes on! Can you all climb down or do I need to call the fire department hook and ladder truck.”

“We’re on the way, sheriff,” Mike yelled down. Embarrassed, but thankful to be alive, the four really weren’t sure what happened over the last six hours. But, they were happy to get down, though the trespass fines proved to make it a very expensive evening.
