---
original_url: https://www.devouredstories.net/storiessz/wish_come_true.html
subcategory: Halloween Specials
title: A Wish Come True
authors:
- Adeline
tags:
- F/m
- potion
- shrunk
- giantess
- body adventure
- tease
- insert
- swallowed
- digested
- mast
- oral
- climax
- soft
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2006-01-20 00:00:00
---

"Mama always told me be careful what you wish for, it just might come
true."

Mark Johnston studied the photograph on his desk wondering how the woman in
the photo would react to his strange request. Although he had dated many
women, Jennifer was different. He felt a connection to her that his analytical
mind could simply not comprehend and he had given up trying. Jennifer Demott
was an attractive young woman. Thick, shoulder length dark brown, almost
black, hair framed her heart shaped face perfectly. She had high cheekbones, a
thin nose and full red lips which stood out against her soft complexion. Mark
had fallen for the tall, shapely, brunette the first time he saw her. Luckily,
she had feelings for him as well and their relationship had grown steadily
over the past 8 months.

Mark was a research chemist for Western Pharmaceuticals. Even though his
nature was to be introspective and shy, Mark had shared more of himself with
Jennifer than he had ever done before. Jennifer had a way of making him feel
at ease, even with his most intimate secrets. Still, he had never spoken to
her about his giantess fantasy and wondered how she would accept it. Partly it
was his own uneasiness. He had never really felt comfortable with it himself,
thinking it was too strange or kinky. Nervousness aside, this was his chance
to act out his fantasy with the woman he loved and he had to take the chance.

When Jennifer arrived at her apartment, Mark was already there waiting.
They had exchanged keys about 2 months earlier, so it wasn't unusual for him
to be at her apartment but rarely was he there before her. She could see by
the look on his face that something was up. She dropped her purse and sat down
beside him. "What's wrong honey bunny?" she cooed.

"I ... I have something to tell you."

Jennifer was starting to worry, she told herself that things had been going
too good between her and Mark.

"I don't know where to start exactly," Mark continued. "I
want you to know that I love you so very much. And I trust you which is why I
am sharing this with you now."

Mark began sharing his fantasy with Jennifer leaving out no detail. The
part about being caught in the giantess' panties, even the part about being
swallowed alive. When Mark had finished, he looked Jennifer in the eye.
"I want to know what you think of all this."

Jennifer sat silently for a moment, taking it all in. "Well, I
appreciate you trusting me enough to share this, most intimate fantasy with
me. It seems odd to me that being swallowed whole would somehow be a sexual
turn on but what the hell. Have you ever fantasized about me? About me
swallowing you?"

Mark blushed and looked at her rather sheepishly. "Actually I have and
that is partly why I have told you this. The other reason is that... You
remember me telling you that the lab was working on a cream to reduce
wrinkles? Well, quite by accident I created a chemical compound that can cause
a person to shrink and I was hoping that you would help me fulfill the fantasy
that I have had my entire life."

Jennifer looked shocked. "I don't know if you can really do this or
not, but there's no way I'm going to eat you."

"Please, hear me out. I've thought it all through. I estimate the
potion will shrink me to somewhere between one and a half to three inches
tall. That's big enough to avoid being hurt. Believe me, I don't wanna die. I
thought you could keep me as your prisoner for a couple of days and on the
second day you swallow me. You can leave me inside you for two or three
minutes, long enough for me to get a feel for being trapped inside your
stomach, then you can vomit me back up."

"But what if something goes wrong? What if I accidentally crush you or
you get hurt on the way down; or up. I don't know if I could live with myself
knowing I had been an active participant."

Mark took Jennifer's hand. "Honey I have really thought about this. As
long as we are careful every thing will be fine. If it starts getting out of
hand or becomes too uncomfortable, I'll tell you and you can administer the
antidote."

Jennifer looked at Mark with those haunting deep green eyes, that seemed to
penetrate to his very soul. "All right. I think you're totally crazy but
I will do it, this ONE time because I can see it is so important to you."

Mark smiled "Thanks darling for doing this for me. Of course you might
find that you will enjoy it too."

Jennifer frowned, "I'll enjoy it most when we're through and you are
back to your normal size. So when do you want to do this fantasy of
yours?"

"Welllll ... Today is Thursday. I already arranged to have tomorrow
off from work. I thought I could take the formula tonight. That will give me
time to get adjusted to being small. Then you can take me with you tomorrow to
work and on Saturday we can finish up. That way we'll have Sunday to
recuperate."

"So, you are going to shrink tonight then we will start the fantasy
tomorrow. And I am supposed to be this giantess that keeps you trapped in her
underwear and kind of uses you as a plaything then eats you when she's
finished."

Mark blushed, "Well in a nutshell, I suppose that's
it."

Jennifer thought a moment. "We'll be kind of acting out parts then.
Right?" Mark nodded. "And you will be this terrified little man
screaming at me not to hurt you or eat you."

"Yes, that's right."

"Well then how will I know if I am really hurting you or you really
want to stop? I guess what I'm saying is that we need some kind of word or
message so that I will know whether you are playing or you want me to
quit."

Mark hadn't thought of that. But Jenn had a good point. "All right. If
I need you to quit I will holler STOP. No matter how much I scream or beg, as
long as I don't say STOP, you will keep on playing along."

Jennifer smiled. "I'm sorry if I'm acting a bit anal about this, but I
need to feel comfortable with the setup before we get started."

"I absolutely want you to feel comfortable. My dream is that you will
actually get into this and do it again sometime. Just try to have fun with
this. You know, let out that playful mischievous part of you that I love so
much. Well my darling I guess I'm ready to start if you are."

Jennifer reluctantly nodded her head. Mark opened his briefcase and removed
two large vials marked 'SHRINK' and 'GROW'. After going over the procedure
with Jennifer he took an eye dropper full of the shrink potion and squirted
several drops into his mouth.

At first he felt nothing. Then a wave of nausea hit him. It felt like the
room was spinning; his vision blurred. Then darkness.

He felt cold. Whatever he was laying on was cold and hard. Then he heard
her voice from high above. "Well Mark, it looks like your potion worked.
Your clothes weren't shrinking so I pulled you from them and sat you on the
bathroom vanity." Jennifer scooped the two inch tall man up with her hand
and studied him.

Mark was jubilant. "It worked! It really worked!
Jennifer isn't this great?"

Huge red lips smiled, "I'm just glad you are all right. You were
unconscious for several minutes and I was starting to worry." Jennifer
used her free hand to unbutton the top button of her blouse. "I'm going
to put you in here to keep you out of trouble while I fix dinner. You had
better behave or I might just have you as an appetizer." She grinned
delighted with herself. Jennifer slipped Mark into the lacy upper cup of her
bra and buttoned her blouse.

Her warm scent surrounded Mark and he breathed it in feeling himself
becoming aroused at the thought of her. Jennifer's breasts were large, but not
overly so and they swayed and wiggled as she moved. Mark remembered noticing
that about her when they first met. She had a very slinky, sensual walk that
somehow engaged her entire body. It wasn't deliberate or practiced, it was
simply the way she moved. He had begun sliding further down her breast until
he was against her nipple. She must have felt him there because it began to
become firm and erect.

The sensation of Mark rubbing against her nipple was delicious and Jennifer
felt herself becoming aroused. She was beginning to think maybe this fantasy
would be more pleasant for her than she had originally thought. She sat her
dinner of salad and grilled chicken on the table, lit the lone candle in the
table's center and poured herself a glass of Chablis.

"Whatever you're doing, it feels wonderful but I need to remove you
from my bra so you can eat some dinner." Jennifer unbuttoned her blouse
and gently pulled Mark from her bra. She placed him on her plate, next to the
chicken breast. "You look good enough to eat," Jennifer giggled,
"but you feel so o o o good against me that I think I will keep you for
awhile." Mark smiled up at her. He was glad that she was starting to get
into the spirit of the thing. He had thought that Jennifer would go along with
his fantasy but wasn't sure how enthusiastic she would be.

Jennifer cut off a small piece of chicken for Mark to eat. Then set about
devouring her dinner. From his vantage point on Jennifer's plate, Mark watched
as she lifted each bite to her huge waiting mouth. He watched the underside of
her jaws as she chewed each piece and noticed the smooth way her neck muscles
rippled as she swallowed. He was so enraptured that he hadn't noticed that he
had become very aroused. Jennifer noticed though and laughed. "Well I
guess its nice to know that you still function normally." Mark looked
down embarrassed that she had caught him in the middle of his fantasy.
Jennifer grabbed Mark by the ankles and lifted him up to her mouth. Mark
looked panicked but before he could say anything she had plunged him into her
waiting mouth. He was completely inside her except for his feet which she
continued to hold. She gently sucked on him, sliding her tongue over and
around him. As Mark climaxed he heard Jennifer softly moan. "Mmmmmmm."
She washed her tongue over him one last time and gently pulled Mark from her
mouth. "Feel better?" she laughed.

"As a matter of fact I do," Mark shouted. Jennifer dropped Mark
back into her bra for safe keeping and began to clean up the remains of
dinner. Mark liked being in her bra. Through the lace that comprised the upper
cup, he could see the white of her blouse and through that, the faint outlines
of the outside world. He felt safe and warm and at peace.

A cool rush of air brought Mark back to wakefulness. The white blouse was
gone and he felt himself falling forward and down as Jennifer removed her bra.
She scooped Mark out of the cup and placed him on a folded scarf on the
nightstand. "I thought this would make a nice bed for you."

Mark nodded in appreciation, "This will be perfect, thanks." He
watched Jennifer clad only in her panties disappear into the master bath. A
short time later she came out wearing a silk negligee. It was nothing fancy,
just spaghetti straps and a straight cut through the body, but he remembered
how she had felt through the soft silk the last time they made love. Jennifer
blew Mark a little kiss and said "Well, I think we should both get a good
nights sleep. It is going to be a rather interesting day tomorrow." Then
she turned out the light.

Mark awoke at four ten AM if the billboard sized display on the bedside
clock was correct. It was almost a full moon and the light streaming in
through the partially open blinds bathed Jennifer in a cool glow. She was
asleep. Dreaming of tiny men and making love. She let out a gentle sigh and
turned onto her side. Mark noticed her pillow was pressed against the side of
the nightstand. It was a short drop to the soft pillow and so Mark gently
dropped over the edge landing with a muffled plop onto the pillow. He climbed
slowly down the pillow stopping briefly at her partially open mouth. Her
moist, hot breath caressed his body as she gently breathed. Using the
nightgown's strap as a handhold he climbed down to her right breast then over
the top to her cleavage. He burrowed down between the two fleshy mounds and
began to relax as they gently rose and fell with her breathing.

Mark was almost asleep when Jennifer coughed and rolled onto her back. Her
breasts slid apart and Mark tumbled down inside her nightshirt landing on her
smooth abdomen. He skirted the edge of her navel which loomed up like a dark
crater then crawled further down until he met a thick, forest of hair. He
slowly worked his way through the tangled thicket to the crest of her pubis.
Smooth lips sloped down sharply into the darkness below him. The smell of her
was heady. He thought about all the times he had caressed this very spot with
his lips as they made passionate love and felt himself becoming aroused with
the memory of it. He carefully slid down past the crest and began to stroke
the soft pink folds. He found the basketball sized clitoris and began to
massage it. Jennifer's soft moans and the moistness of her labia told Mark he
was having an effect. He continued his efforts in earnest. Soon Jennifer was
quite wet. She rocked her pelvis and Mark lost his footing sliding further
down her crotch. He had almost gotten back into position when something hit
him hard from behind. It was the tip of Jennifer's finger. She was pushing him
inside her!

The hot, wet flesh of Jennifer's vagina engulfed Mark as she pushed him in.
He struggled to free himself but his squirming only served to bring Jennifer
closer to orgasm. It felt like he was in some wild amusement park roller
coaster as Jennifer's pelvis writhed in excitement. Warm flesh squeezed him
from all sides pulsing and constricting, pulling him deeper inside as Jennifer
climaxed. Mark squirmed desperately trying to escape not even sure which
direction was out. As Mark passed into unconsciousness, he was only vaguely
aware of something firmly grasping his ankle.

The sting of cold air brought Mark back to consciousness. He was hanging
upside down by his ankle as large, angry green eyes flashed at him. "What
in the hell did think you were doing?! You could have been killed! Actually
you would have suffocated if I hadn't been awake enough to feel you squirming
inside me."

"I... I'm sorry Jenn, I woke up and saw you sleeping. I just wanted to
cuddle up between your breasts. I guess I got carried away."

"You almost got carried away permanently!" Jennifer growled.
"I have a good mind to lock you in my jewelry box and call this whole
thing off."

Mark pleaded. "Please don't Jennifer. I'll be careful. I promise. Just
don't stop now." Mark could see her face soften, "Besides, it did
feel good didn't it."

Jennifer broke into a smile, "Yes it felt great. Just don't do it
again!"

Jennifer carried Mark into the bathroom and dropped him into a cup on the
vanity. "Don't go any where," Jennifer laughed. She had been gone
several minutes when she returned with large pan which she sat on the counter.
She picked up the cup and dumped Mark out into a dish of warm water. "You
are a sticky mess, so I want you to clean yourself off. I have also laid out
some food and water for you. You won't get another chance to eat until tonight
so I suggest that you have something." Mark started to speak but she had
already turned away.

He watched Jennifer remove her nightgown and start the shower. Dark hair
cascaded down her back in gentle waves. Her lithe body was a sight to behold.
Mark washed himself off as best he could. He saw that she had laid out some
bits of cereal and a small piece of what looked like ham. He began eating and
realized that he was very hungry. Well, after all I did have quite a strenuous
workout this morning, he thought. He knew that Jennifer had been very angry.
She didn't get that look in her eyes too often and he considered himself lucky
that she hadn't locked him in her jewelry box. Still, it had been worth it.

Abruptly the shower stopped. Jennifer groped for the towel then emerged a
few moments later still toweling herself off. She was humming gaily to herself
as she walked into the bedroom. When she returned to the bathroom she was
wearing a pretty, white lace bra and pale pink panties. Her brown nipples
peeked out through the lacy bra in a most enticing way. She stood at the
vanity and began to blow dry her hair. Mark was at crotch level and thoroughly
enjoying the view of her pubic area clearly visible through the shimmery pink
fabric.

Jennifer saw that Mark was looking at her and felt a bit uncomfortable
knowing that he was staring at her crotch. After all she was more than just
tits and a cunt. "Enjoying the view," she said rather harshly. Her
huge hand closed down over Mark and carried him up to her face. "Are you
done eating?"

"Yes thanks," Mark replied rather sheepishly. "I was
debating what to do with you but since you seem to be so fascinated with my
crotch I think I will drop you in here." Jennifer grabbed Mark by the
arms while using her other hand to pull the elastic waist band of her panties
forward. She dropped Mark rather unceremoniously inside then let the elastic
snap back against her hips. She felt Mark wriggling and sliding down into the
lush tangle of her pubic hair. It was a delightful sensation and Jennifer felt
somewhat surprised and dismayed that she enjoyed it.

She looked through her closet for something to wear and settled on a
slender black skirt and red, rib knit top. As Jennifer walked Mark continued
to slide further down into her panties until he was almost underneath her. He
could see quite well through the weave of the sheer fabric that held him
gently against her. The room spun and whirled past at a sickening pace.
Finally, he satisfied himself with looking down the front of her magnificent
thighs.

He felt himself dropping suddenly as Jennifer sat on the edge of the bed.
She began sliding sheer black control top pantyhose up first her right leg,
then her left. When she had worked the hose up to her knees, she stood and
began sliding them up her thighs finally working the panty over her hips. Up
until this point Mark had been fairly comfortable, but now the firm stretchy
fabric of the pantyhose pressed him tightly against her. It suddenly grew
darker as Jennifer slid into her skirt, limiting Mark's view to a circle of
light far below him. Jennifer pulled on the knit top and looked herself over
in the mirror. Not bad for a mornings work she thought. Jennifer finished by
putting on her makeup and performing a last minute fluff of her hair. She
slipped on a pair of black pumps, then, grabbing a glass of juice on the way
out, she was off to work.

Although the pantyhose further dimmed his view, Mark could still see
through the weave of the fabric that tightly enclosed him. Long sinuous legs
stretched below him encircled far below by the hem of her skirt. Her crotch
gently rocked him from side to side in rhythm with her strides. He heard the
jingling of keys then felt himself dropping again as Jennifer slid into her
car. She was now pressing him very firmly against the crotch of her panties.
He squirmed a little trying to get more comfortable. He wasn't sure what
Jennifer felt but he was sure she could feel something because her muscles
contracted and released and her lips, which now partially enfolded him, were
becoming moist. Mark could hear the muffled sounds of music from the car's
stereo as Jennifer's body moved slightly with the beat. He had lost track of
the time other than having a vague awareness that several songs had played
over the stereo when Mark realized that the music had stopped. Abruptly, the
pressure lessened and Jennifer was walking again.

Every so often Jennifer would feel Mark squirm against her labia sending
warm sensations up her spine. It was strangely exciting going about her
business, talking with coworkers, all the while knowing that she had a two
inch tall man trapped inside her panties. She reached her office on the fifth
floor, stowed her purse in the bottom desk drawer and sat down, crossing her
legs.

Mark was now completely enfolded in hot, moist flesh. He squirmed around
desperately trying to breathe. He felt Jennifer's hips shifting as she became
increasingly aroused. She uncrossed her legs and Mark was able to pull himself
up slightly before she crossed them again. The next several hours passed
slowly for Mark. With Jennifer's legs crossed he was enclosed in hot, steamy
flesh. The air was quite stale and his breathing had become labored. He was
becoming angry that she hadn't checked on him to make sure he was all right.
In angry desperation, Mark began to squirm. The sudden feeling of movement
against her labia startled Jennifer. She had gotten busy and had forgotten
that Mark was down there.

A quick glance at her watch told her it was nearing
lunch. She retrieved her purse from the desk drawer and started off down the
hall. The building was roughly rectangular with the elevators and bathrooms
near the center. Jennifer stepped inside the Women's room quickly looking for
an empty stall. She slipped her nylons and panties down her thighs and stopped
short. Mark was not in the crotch! She had a brief moment of panic before
realizing that he was caught between the soft pink folds of her labia. She
cupped her hand underneath and gently pulled Mark free. Jennifer sat on the
toilet looking over her little man. He had looked better.

Jennifer cleaned Mark up as best she could and asked him if he wanted to
stop. Although he was worn out from his ordeal, he insisted on continuing.
This had been his fantasy since childhood and he wasn't going to give up
easily. With a sigh, Jennifer dropped Mark into the crotch of her panties and
slid them back up. Mark watched as he was carried upward toward her waiting
lips. She tugged her pantyhose back into place, running her hands up each leg
to adjust the fabric. After smoothing her skirt and washing up she headed out
into the hall. Her friend Adeline was waiting by the elevator. "Ready for
lunch," she inquired? Jennifer nodded and the two women stepped into the
elevator.

Jennifer had met Adeline when they were just sophomores in college and the
two had become best friends. Adeline had been more popular but never seemed to
stay in relationship for long, dating a whole string of men. They had no
secrets from one another and Jennifer was dying to tell her friend about her
experiences with tiny Mark.

The women had been chatting absently about the latest office rumor when
Jennifer abruptly changed the conversation. She looked at her friend for a
long moment trying to size up what the statuesque blonde might think.
"Adeline, have you ever wondered what you might do if you could shrink a
man down to say two or three inches?"

"You mean tall?"

"Yes. What would you do if you found a little miniature man?"

Adeline thought a minute. "Well it might be fun to have a man that I
could really put in his place. I guess I could do anything I wanted. It
certainly raises some interesting possibilities," she smiled evilly.
"Why do you ask?"

Jennifer blushed. "Mark told me the other day about a fantasy he had
of being made tiny and held captive by a giant woman. It got me thinking about
what I might do if I had a tiny man that I could do anything with."

Adeline sighed, "I've never had real good luck with men. I don't know
what to do with the full sized ones let alone itty bitty ones. Still, the
feeling of power and domination would certainly be a rush eh? We are all too
often the subservient ones in the relationship."

Jennifer eyed her friend intently. "But what would you do with him?
Would you have him make love to you? Would you eat him? Feed him to your
dog?"

Adeline swallowed her last bit of sandwich and rubbed her stomach. "Mmmmmm,
now that's an intriguing thought. Swallowing a man whole. It sort of adds a
whole new wrinkle to the term 'man eater.' Doesn't it?"

The two friends paid the check then headed back to the office. As they
stepped off the elevator. Adeline looked at her friend as if she knew her
secret. "How is Mark anyway?"

"Oh he's fine and apparently has a wild fantasy life."

"Well, he is awful cute. If he was my little man I would probably eat
him up!" She smiled gleefully at Jennifer and headed down the hall.

Mark had managed to squirm further back in Jennifer's crotch and found it
to be slightly more comfortable. He was becoming bored and decided to have
some fun. He wriggled around until he was facing her then began to slowly
massage her lips. He felt her shudder. She was beginning to get wet. Jennifer
looked down at her skirt wondering what Mark was doing in there. "Quit
that!" She whispered down to him. She squeezed her thighs together in an
effort to make him stop. He was directly under the mouth of her vagina and he
slipped his arms up inside her, massaging the muscular walls. She was flooding
her panties. Mark felt her moving and a few moments later he dropped away from
her as she pulled down her underwear.

Jennifer was not amused. She wiped herself off then scooped Mark from her
crotch. She dropped Mark into her mouth while she slid her panties and
pantyhose back on. Mark was terrified. "He was shrieking "Please
don't eat me! Not yet!" Jennifer held Mark in her mouth several minutes
longer than she needed savoring the feeling of his smooth skin as he squirmed
on her tongue. Finally, she spit him into her hand. Then, without a word, she
pulled the waist of her pantyhose open and slipped him down into the crotch.
He made a delightful little bump between her thighs. "Maybe this will
keep you out of trouble," she said as she smoothed her skirt back down
her legs.

Mark was now caught between the crotch of Jennifer's panties and the cotton
gusset of her pantyhose. He could see better through the single layer of
fabric and he watched the ground one hundred feet below streak by as she
walked. He felt himself dropping and it suddenly got dark as Jennifer sat down
and crossed her legs. It was shaping up to be a long, boring afternoon.

It wasn't until late afternoon when Jennifer had returned to her apartment
that Mark was finally freed from his prison. A cool draft of fresh air hit him
as Jennifer slid her pantyhose down. She removed Mark from them and placed him
on the vanity before pulling them off entirely. "It feels good to get out
of those hose," Jennifer sighed. Mark agreed with her completely. It did
feel good to get out of those hose. He wondered what she had planed for him.
He watched her remove her skirt and top. Jennifer disappeared into the
bedroom. She was gone several minutes, but he could hear the sounds of drawers
opening and closing over her soft singing. When Jennifer returned, she was
wearing a black teddy. It was sheer through the body with lace over the
breasts. The leg openings were stretch lace framing a sheer mesh panel in the
center.

Jennifer scooped Mark up in her hand and carried him to the bed. She slid
under the oversized comforter and propped herself up with some pillows. She
dropped Mark into her cleavage, feeling him sliding down between her breasts.
"Well, little man. You spent most of the day keeping me in a fairly
heightened state of arousal. Now I want you to do something about it. I expect
my man to satisfy me."

Mark crawled slowly down her belly, her skin quivering under him. This
seemed all to familiar and he worried that he might end up inside her again.
It had not been fun the first time and he definitely did not want to repeat
the experience. He grouped his way through the thick tangle of pubic hair and
began to slide down between her legs. There was elastic at the leg openings
but the crotch was much less restrictive that her panties. She was already wet
as he began to softly stroke her soft outer lips. Mark's gentle, light touch
was delightful. Jennifer began to gently massage her breasts through the lace
with one hand while stroking her inner thighs with the other. Mark found her
clitoris and began to slowly massage it. He could feel the muscles underneath
him contract and release as Jennifer became further aroused. She slipped the
crotch to one side and began rubbing herself in a slow circular motion. Mark
could feel Jennifer's hips shaking as a telephone pole sized finger
disappeared inside her, just below him.

Abruptly, she removed her finger and put it to her mouth, licking her
juices from it. "Mmmmmmm" she purred. Jennifer watched Mark
struggling to free himself from her tangle of pubic hair. She gently rubbed
her crotch letting out a soft low moan. Her fingers followed the soft curve of
her labia upward until she felt Mark squirming under her fingertips.

Carefully grasping him by the waist, she lifted Mark up to her face, "Oooooh
baby I want to feel you inside me!" Mark watched her full red lips break
into an evil grin then slowly part revealing her cavernous mouth.

"No! Not yet! Not yet! We still have another day." Mark shrieked
as she dropped him inside. Mark landed on her tongue and immediately lunged
for the opening of her mouth, landing with his chest across her lower lip. Her
tongue rose up underneath Mark and flicked back pulling him into her mouth.
Her perfect white teeth stood out against the backdrop of glistening pink
flesh. He looked up at the soft pallet, his gaze shifting forward in time to
see her lips slowly close, trapping him inside.

Having Mark in her mouth was so sensuous. His skin felt smooth and soft
against her tongue as she rolled him around the inside of her mouth. She could
easily smash him like a ripe grape. The realization of the power she now had
over Mark excited her in a way that she both loathed and enjoyed. Jennifer's
low moans reverberated up her throat drowning out Mark's terrified screams. He
was squirming and thrashing about but his futile efforts only served to excite
Jennifer further until she came with a power and fury that she had never
experienced before. Instinctively Jennifer maneuvered Mark to the back of her
mouth and with the last waves of her orgasm, she swallowed. Jennifer felt the
squirming lump moving very slowly down her throat. Mark jammed his arms and
legs out, trying to stop his descent but her esophagus held him too tightly,
and the muscles were too strong.

After a few seconds that seemed like an eternity, Mark felt himself being
forced through a tight ring of firm muscle, and with a plop, he landed in
Jennifer's stomach. It had been over five hours since Jennifer had eaten. Her
stomach was mostly empty and quite prepared for the little snacklet that now
moved cautiously about in the darkness Mark was pissed. This part wasn't
supposed to happen until tomorrow. He was definitely going to tell her off
when he got back out. The muffled "flubb-dubb" of her heart was
strangely calming and he felt his anger subsiding slightly. He was aroused yet
utterly terrified. Strange gurgling sounds seemed to surround him in the hot,
stale darkness. Mark was ankle deep in a pool of stomach acid that was forming
in response to his presence and his feet were beginning to burn and itch. He
felt a ribbed wall and tried to climb up. His hands began to burn and he fell
backward into the pool of hot acid. He had no sense of time but it seemed as
though he had been inside her longer than a couple of minutes. His whole body
was starting to burn now and he flailed at the spongy walls that held him. He
was going to give her Hell when he got out.

Jennifer could feel Mark moving inside her belly. It was a delicious
feeling, like being gently tickled from inside. Every sensation made her
tingle with excitement and a few moments later she came for a second time. She
relaxed into the soft bed and rubbed her hands over her supple body, gently
caressing herself. She decided that she still preferred having a full sized
lover. It was nice to be cuddled after. Still, she had to admit, that this
experience had been much more exciting than she had expected, particularly the
orgasm. It had been more intense that anything she had ever experienced. She
certainly owed Mark a debt of gratitude for turning her on to this giantess
fantasy. She felt another tickle, more faint this time, and wondered if Mark
had realized that she wasn't going to vomit him back up. It was his fantasy to
be swallowed but she rather enjoyed the thought of him being trapped inside
her. She knew he would have understood. It was really better this way because
now he would always be a part of her and after all, it was a wish come true.
