---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Dana Doll
authors:
- Johnsan
tags:
- F-f
- latex
- transform
- love doll
- packaged
- M-f
- cons-reluct
- X
date: 2006-03-20 00:00:00
---

Dana was bored. She was
also lonely and horny as well. She was looking for something different to make
her life a little more exciting. Little did she know how different this day
would turn out.

She was walking through
a mall past an unremarkable store when a women who was demonstrating body
painting noticed Dana and asked her if she’d like to participate.

Dana admitted it
sounded like a fun few hours to kill. So she agreed and in a flash they had
taken her to the back. There they quickly stripped off her clothing before she
could protest very strongly. Besides the way she was feeling she didn’t
care.

Dana found it somewhat
erotic to have this women staring at her naked body. The women then addressed
Dana. “Hi, my name is Carol and I’m pleased you agreed to help with our
demonstration,” she said with a pleasant smile on her face.

Dana lay there and
replied. “Hi Carol. I’m Dana, and to tell you the truth I was just looking
for something different. I’m so bored with my life and anything to change
that may be something I need,” Dana replied with a similar pleasant smile.

Carol just laughed
lightly. “Oh, I know the feeling Dana. I hope we can fulfill **all** your
desires,” Carol sympathetically agreed.

Dana looked at Carol
and eyed her appreciatively. Carol was tall, blond and with a model-like
figure. In fact when she stood very still for a few moments Dana could see her
as a mannequin in a window.

Carol, on the other
hand, was inspecting Dana circumspectly and evaluating her similarly. “*Hmm;
Dana is no slouch she’s very attractive with her clear bright eyes and
wonderful smile. Her breasts are nicely shaped and I do like her body as well.
She’s perfect for my purposes*!” she said to herself sincerely.

“Now Dana let me
describe to you what I’m going to do. First I’m going to wash you down to
make sure the paint adheres correctly. Then I’m going to began painting you.
Did you have anything in particular you wanted to try?” Carol asked while
assembling her brushes and sponges.

Dana considered for a
moment, then decided to go all out. “I have no idea really, just something
erotic I guess,” Dana announced hopefully.

Carol nodded
affirmatively. “I already have something in mind that you might like,” she
replied with a sexy grin on her face and a twinkle in her eye. The artist then
began sponging Dana off with what appeared to be water, although when Carol
had added something from a small vial Dana noticed it and wondered aloud,
“What is that, Carol?” she asked curiously.

Carol turned and smiled
a wide perfect smile, “Oh just some bath salts. You don’t mind, do you?”
Carol inquired, concerned.

Dana just grinned.
“No I was just curious,” she  unconcernedly informed Carol.

Carol then began
washing Dana with the sponge in a slow and almost erotic fashion. This
didn’t bother Dana, she had been hoping something like this would happen in
fact. Carol brought the sponge over Dana’s arms to her breasts where she
seemed to take particular attention to making them spotless much to Dana’s
appreciation.

Dana smiled and moaned,
“Mmmmmmm that feels good,” she told Carol as her eyes narrowed with a look
of pleasure on her face.

Carol just smiled back
and continued down to Dana’s legs until she came to her crotch where again
she began to pay particular attention to it. Slowly washing and caressing her
mound with slow erotic movements. Dana again responded with moans of pleasure
in appreciation.

Carol finished washing
off Dana’s front and stopped much to Dana’s regret. Carol then ordered
Dana to roll over. “Dana, would you lie on your belly now so I can wash your
back?” she asked Dana pleasantly.

Dana would have done
anything she wanted if she had kept up her careful and erotic ministration on
her crotch and breasts. As it was she just rolled over with a smile on her
face. Carol then began washing her back, starting at Dana’s shoulders, down
to her mid back where Dana giggled and fidgeted as the cool water came into
contact there.

Dana was loving this,
it was so relaxing.  With the washing of her erotic areas that made her
feel nice and warm in all the right areas. Dana just smiled and reveled in it.
Then Carol came down to Dana’s butt cheeks and began to caress them and pay
particular attention to them as well. Dana again moaned in enjoyment as the
sponge rubbed her cheeks. Carol then moved on to her thighs and legs which
Dana enjoyed but not as much as when Carol was washing her rear.

Soon Carol stopped and
removed the basin and sponge she was using much to Dana’s regret. Carol then
returned with paint brushes and paint. Carol then asked with a happy smile on
her face for Dana to turn on her front side. Dana complied and was greeted by
the sight of Carol getting ready to paint her skin.

Dana was curious. “So
what are you going to paint?” she questioned Carol with a look of puzzlement
on her face.

“Well, that’s a
surprise.” Carol responded with a lascivious look on her face.

Dana just returned her
smile and lay back to enjoy what was coming. Carol just smiled and continued
as she dipped the brush into a tan colored paint and began. Dana almost jumped
as the brush touched her skin. It was so cold it almost felt electric as it
touched her.

Carol soon had painted
Dana’s arms and face with even more care and attention than before. When she
came to Dana’s breasts it was again a welcome feeling of delight that came
with the touch of the paint brush and the drying paint on her nipples and
breasts.

Carol then came down to
Dana’s crotch and once more it was another pleasant experience for Dana

“Mmmm, I love that so
much. I want to come back here soon to do this again,” Dana announced with a
look of bliss on her face.

Carol just smiled
pleasantly and continued painting. Dana didn’t care as long as she just
continued what she was doing. Carol then moved down to Dana’s lower
extremities  and in minutes she had finished with her front .

Dana was feeling
something akin to an afterglow as Carol finished. She was warm and lethargic.
Dana’s skin even had a tingling sensation to it.

“Dana, could you turn
over now please?” Carol asked with a look of curiosity on her attractive
face.

“Uhgh!” was all
Dana could manage. It just seemed so hard to get a word out as she just felt
so comfortable. She then tried to move and that proved difficult as well.
Carol noticed and helped Dana turn over.

Dana then observed how
she seemed to feel so light like she was laying on a cloud and how Carol
didn’t have any trouble flipping her over on her front. Carol then began
painting her tan on her backside. Again she started with her arms and came
down to Dana’s cute behind paying particular attention to that area with her
brush sending Dana into convulsion’s of passion.

“*Oooohhhh, mmmmmm,
I love it so much*!” was all Dana could think of as she felt the brush on
her behind. The tingling of her skin was even more pronounced now sending
ripples of erotic pleasure to Dana’s mind.

As Dana was caught up
in her reverie of gratification, Carol finished with her. Carol left her to
dry for a few moments while she prepared her brushes and paints for something
else.

“Alright now I’m
going to paint a second coating on you Dana. I need you to once again turn
over.” Carol ordered Dana without any emotion in her voice as if she was
dropping all unneeded pleasantries.

Dana weakly tried and
again required Carol’s help to accomplish the task This time as Carol lifted
Dana it was even easier for her as if Dana hardly weighed anything at all.

“*That light and
airy feeling is even stronger now*!” Dana remarked to herself.

Carol began painting
with a darker paint on Dana. Dana watched her begin to paint what appeared to
be seams on her arms, legs and torso as if she was made of panels of tan
colored material. By now Dana couldn’t move her head at all and she felt she
couldn’t move her arms or legs if asked.

“*I feel totally
immobilized, but yet I’m not panicking like I should. I just feel so much
contentment with what I’m feeling from my body I just don’t care*,”
she quietly observed.

By now Carol had
finished with Dana’s front side and, without even asking her, just
unceremoniously flipped her over as if she wasn’t even a person anymore.
Carol began painting the same seams on her back side, much to Dana’s joy as
that sent more rivers of pleasure to her making her feel like she was on fire
in her loins.

Carol rapidly finished
and in the same manner returned Dana to her face up position. As Dana gazed at
her now tan skin and the seams running over her arms and legs and body it
reminded her of something she had seen someplace but couldn’t quite
remember.

“*I’ve seen that
look before but why can’t I remember it. Ooohhh that feels so good. And
Carol didn’t even have to paint for me to feel that. What’s going on h*ere?”
Dana wondered, as the sense of apprehension and confusion grew.

Carol in the same
abrupt manner began to use a pink paint on Dana now. Dana saw and felt her
bring it to her breasts. She felt an explosion of  erotic joy as her
nipples and areoles were painted with the pink paint. Dana even believed she
saw her breasts inflate to a larger cup size.

Dana then saw Carol
bring the brush down to where her pussy was and she felt a tidal wave of
sexual feeling emanate from that area.

“*Oooohhh*!”
Dana  mentally moaned as Carol’s brush strokes on her vagina drove her
into the best orgasm she had ever had. She could have sworn though she felt
her pussy change.  It seemed to clench and open wide as if it was made to
remain a spacious entry way for anything long and hard.

Carol then began
painting her face with the pink paint. Dana felt it being applied to her
mouth. In fact she seemed to be applying it inside her mouth. Dana could have
sworn she felt her tongue and teeth just seem to disappear and be replaced by
what seemed like latex. She also felt her mouth pull on itself until she had
to hold it in an oval shape.

“*An oval shape
like that I know I’ve seen that before but where*?” Dana could only
wonder through the spasms of ecstasy that seemed to ripple through her. She
could also feel other changes happen to her face but these she couldn’t
quite determine.

Carol again flipped
Dana over and with a lecherous grin began to apply paint to what Dana seemed
to be aware of as her anus. As the paint was applied it seemed to Dana that it
changed. It seemed to move and become an open as well as inviting portal for
pleasure. This changed was also accompanied by an earth moving orgasm for
Dana.

The dawning realization
hit her she didn’t just **look** like she was made of panels of latex,
she _**was*** made of latex panels!_

_“_**I’m a love
doll. I can’t believe it ‘a love doll‘. How did this happen? Did Carol
do something to me?_**” Dana  wondered to herself._

_Carol then grabbed
something from the nearby table and Dana felt a sharp quick pain._

_As Dana wondered what
that was for it came to her like a train wreck. “***The inflation plug!
Damn, I can’t believe it; I can be deflated now! This is insane!”_** Dana
thought to herself incredulously.

Carol flipped the latex
love doll that was Dana and smiled a salacious smile as she explained “Dana,
I hope you enjoy what I’ve done. You're going to be very happy as a love
doll. Well most girls do, eventually,” Carol laughed nastily at Dana’s
predicament.

“_**You bitch!
I’ll get you for this***!” Dana mentally yelled._

_“Well now it’s time
to get you ready for your new owner Dana.”  Carol announced with that
same nasty grin. She then pulled Dana’s plug and watched as the newly minted
doll deflated into two dimensions. Carol then carefully folded her up with her
dolly face looking up on her compacted body and kissed Dana._

_Dana felt herself being
deflated and felt a rush of pleasure such that she orgasmed over and over as
she flattened._

_“_Oh, oh, oh I love
it! If this is what a love doll feels, maybe that bitch Carol is right*.”
she told herself hopefully.  As she was folded Dana  felt such a
rush of pleasant sensations throughout her latex body she didn’t want it to
end. Soon Dana found herself in her new box that had her name and picture,
’Dana Super Love Doll’ guaranteed to bring pleasure or money cheerfully
refunded. That’s when she finally passed out.

Dana awoke to find
herself lying in a bed with a pink satin comforter. Her hands were on her
breasts and someone had put black pumps on her latex feet. She lay there
waiting for something which in her befuddled state could not figure out.

A man came in and
addressed the doll. “Hello Dana, remember me?” he asked with a voice that
dripped with contempt and a self serving smile on his face.

“*Yes; you’re my
ex- boyfriend …owner. Yes, my ex- owner. Have you come for me to take me and
fuck me please … I only want to be used. Make love to me, please*!”
Dana begged as her mind finally became totally filled with the simple thoughts
of a doll.

Dana’s ex-boyfriend
just picked her up. “I told you I’d find a way to get you back, Dana!”
and he chuckled as he took Dana on a night of passion.
