---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Return the Favor
authors:
- The Sweet Count
tags:
- M/f
- D/s
- naked
- bond
- rope
- balltied
- gag
- bfold
- canvas
- bagged
- susp
- plexiglass
- tank
- encased
- display
- tease
- suitcase
- workshop
- wrap
- steel
- safe
- trunk
- packaged
- shipped
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2005-06-12 00:00:00
---

Packaged Story Contest 2005 Entrant

<Ding-Dong>!

Oh my god.  She's here already!  Is everything ready?

I can't believe this is really happening.

Jerry rushed down the hallway, stepping carefully along rich brocade
rugs that lay over the polished hardwood floor.  Stopping in front
of hallway mirror, he took a moment to collect himself, patting down a
few loose hairs and tucking in an errant shirt tail.  Through the
lead glass window behind him he could see his green expanse of lawn (just
mown this morning) sloping down gently to the shop.

<Ding-Dong>!

Glancing at the clock.  4:30 right on the dot.  Well, subdriver
had promised she'd be prompt.  Passing a vase on the hall table he
plucked out a single white rose.  Taking a deep breath, he opened
the front door.

There she stood, slave Marie.  She's even more beautiful in person
than her pictures.  She stood with her back to the door, looking out
over the grounds.  The late afternoon sun shone off her hair and cast
a warm glow over her white sun dress.  The bright red bow around her
waist matched the fabric on the small overnight bag she clutched with two
hands in front of her.  Turning, she notice him.

"Oh, hello.  I wasn't sure if you were home or maybe working down
in your shop.  I'm Marie."  She smiled, and held out her hand.

"I'm happy.  I mean happy to see you.  I mean, glad you're
so pretty... I... I'm Jerry..." he stammered.

"Look, is this really okay?  I mean, if you've changed your mind
I'll understand..." he trailed off.

She smiled at him with a dazzling twinkle in her eye. "Subdriver and
I have talked this over, Jerry.  We've both read your emails and we
trust you.  Subdriver knows where I am and he knows you'd never do
anything to hurt me.  Besides, " she said leaning forward so her lips
just brushed his ear, "He tells me you've sent him some private emails
with some very special ideas for me.  I can't wait to try them out." 
She giggled then brushed past him into the house.

Setting her overnight bag on the floor she gazed around the interior. 
"This place is gorgeous.  Did you do all the work yourself?"

"The former owners had converted this old carriage house to a condo,
but I added a lot of features myself, like the loft and the inset mantlepiece. 
Oh, this is for you." he said, remembering the rose and holding it out
for her.

"Thank you Jerry, that's very sweet"

Continuing through the house, Marie admired the crown moulding, arched
doorways, and other architectural details that made this classic old carriage
house something a little bit special.  Over the fireplace mantel there
was an inset area, roughly 3 feet deep and 3 feet high.

"Is that for a TV?" she asked.

"I planned on getting one but I found it didn't go with the rest of
the house.  I find I spend most of my free time over at the shop."

"Well," she said coyly. "Shall we get started?" Moving briskly to the
windows she pulled the heavy drapes closed so no one could see inside. 
"You remember the rules?"

"Yes," he said, emboldened by their privacy. "No touching apart from
what is necessary for binding and packaging. No toys except the ones subdriver
sent with you.  All gags are clean and new.  No marks or damage
of any kind.  And a blindfold to be worn in all photos."

"Excellent.  Where shall we start?"

Picking up her overnight bag, he led her upstairs to the loft that overlooked
the living area.  Opening into the bottom drawer of his dresser, he
began assembling materials on the bed.

Looking over his collection, Marie giggled "My, Jerry, you do come prepared!"

Placing his finger firmly over her lips, he stared into her eyes with
new found command.

"Shhh.   It's time to pack you up"

Reaching behind him he selected a harness ball gag from the bed. 
Pressing the ball against her lips, he held her gaze as she slowly, submissively
opened her mouth, allowing him to slip the ruby red ball behind her teeth. 
Reaching behind her head, he tightened the straps with practiced ease,
tucking her chin down into her neck to ensure that every buckle was snug.

Spinning her around, he undid the red bow around her waist and slowly
slid down the zipper on the back of her dress, allowing it to slip off
her shoulders onto the floor.  Just as subdriver had promised, she
wore no underwear, just a black leather harness which held two plugs firmly
in place, filling her front and back.

"Remotes?" he asked firmly.  She nodded her head shyly towards
the overnight bag which lay on the floor of the bedroom.  Snapping
the latches open, he found two small remotes with an on/off, a speed dial,
and glowing red light on each.  Almost absentmindly, he dropped the
remote into his pants pocket as he reached across the bed for Marie's next
bit of apparel.

"Kneel", he commanded.

Dropping to her knees on the soft carpet,
she felt him guide her hands behind her and align them, palm to palm, behind
her.  He crouched in front of her and reached his arms behind her
back to begin feeding her arms into the tight leather armbinder which he
held.  As he tugged it upward, her bare breasts were pushed against
his chest, sliding across the soft smoothness of his dress shirt.

Looking up into his face she saw none of the tentative young man who'd
greeted her at the door.  Here was a master, strong and commanding. 
Looping two straps around her shoulders, he ensured that the binder would
not be slipping off, then began the process of lacing the two sides of
the sleeve as snug as possible.  Each tug of the laces pushed her
breasts again into his chest.  Satisfied that the binder was secure,
he selected several more straps from the bed and began sealing her ankles
to her thighs.

"I think a nice cozy ball tie to begin", he murmured. He was as good
as his word as swiftly she found herself bound into a snug little foetal
ball.  A lock looped through the D ring on the bottom of the armbinder
snicked firmly through rings on her newly acquired ankle cuffs while numerous
black leather straps looped around her legs and chest, pressing her breasts
into her thighs, forming a snug little package.

"Before the blindfold, I thought you'd like to see where you'll be spending
your afternoon."  Hefting her up onto the bed, he sat her up so she
could see over the railing that separated the loft from the living room
below.  Running over the railing was a long, thick cord which ran
from the floor of the bedroom up to a heavy pulley in the vaulted living
room ceiling then down to a winch on the first floor.

"I've been telling people I planned to install an authentic period chandelier
with wax candles that would need to be lowered to the floor to light or
extinguish.  Actually, all this rigging is just for you."

Reaching beneath the bed, he brought forth a large cotton bag.

"I based this on an old laundry bag that my sisters used to stuff me
into as a child.  This one is custom made, triple stitched, reinforced
with rivets, and sized to fit you, my dear.  You can thank dear subdriver
for sending me your measurements"

Spreading the bag open on the bedspread, he gently rolled slave Marie
on top of it,  slowly working the sides up over her until only her
head remained.

"I also took the liberty of adding some grommets around the top. 
It makes it much easier to lock someone inside."  He smiled. 
Reaching across the bed, he pulled forth Marie's blindfold and buckled
it firmly in place, plunging her into darkness.  She felt the soft
material of the bag slide up over her face then the Shoop... snick! 
sound as first the drawstring, then and oversized padlock were secured
in place, sealing her inside.  She felt a gentle tugging as he fastened
the bag securely to the cord that went up to the pulley, triple checking
each knot to make sure she was secure. The bed shifted as he stood up and
faintly she could here him make his way downstairs to the pulley.

With a ratchety click-click-click she felt herself, bag and all, draw
upward.  Something didn't feel right, though.  From the amount
of clicking going on, she should be at the ceiling already but she could
still feel the bedroom carpet faintly as the bag scraped across the floor.
Footsteps returning, strong hands lifting her, then falling!  Falling!
Suddenly stopped with a soft sproingy feeling.  Again she felt herself,
down and up, down and up down and up.

"I should have mentioned,  I thought it would be fun to use an
oversized elastic bungee cord to hold you up." She heard him explain. 
"I did some tests with similar weights.  You can count on bouncing
for at least a half an hour.  I shudder to think what that's doing
to those dildos inside of you."

She felt a tug on the outside of the bag as he pulled her down to the
living room floor, then released the bag to let her keep bouncing in air,
pushing the snug plugs deeper inside her on every bounce.

\*     \*      \*

Gentle hands lifting her down, untying the mouth of the bag, undoing
the lock.  Still bound up in a ball, she lay back in Jerry's arms
as he carried her toward the living room mantel.  Slipping off her
blindfold, he showed her what was next in store.  There, above the
fireplace in the oversized mantel alcove sat a crystal clear plexiglass
cylinder.

"This came into the shop several months ago.  Originally it was
a fish tank but I could never find a buyer.  I was going to throw
it out until subdriver offered to let you stay if I'd do him a favour".

He climbed an overstuffed chair that had been placed near the mantel
and slowly lowered her inside.  Reaching down by the fireplace he
produced a plexiglass disc, sized to fit the top of the cylinder. 
She could see where threads had been cut into the top rim of the cylinder,
the side of the lid.  Using the air holes that had been drilled into
the lid as a handle, he slowly screwed it into place, sealing her inside.

"I made this in my workshop.  Helps keep my little fishies from
running away."

Body pushed up against the clear plastic, she watched him as he sat
down on the couch, staring at her gorgeous, naked, packaged body.

"Who needs TV anyway?" he smiled, plucking her remotes from his pocket...

\*     \*      \*

So many bumps.  It felt like he was rolling her along a gravel
path.  After lifting her spent and sweaty body from the display tank,
he had tucked her, still ball tied, into an oversized suitcase and zipped
it swiftly closed.  They must be going downhill, towards the shop
she had seen from his front door.

ZOOP as the suitcase was unzipped.  A burst of cool air as the
lid was opened then she felt his firm hands, nimbly unbuckling the straps
which bound her legs, unshackling her ankles from the armbinder and allowing
her to stand.  A sudden burst of light as the blindfold was removed
and she found herself standing in a menagerie of antiques and odd collectibles.

"Welcome to my shop: 'Pack Rats'" he explained.  "I travel around
the country to estate sales, garage sales, foreclosures and such, looking
for antiques to sell and other interesting items for my own collections"

She was astounded by the array of merchandise before her.  Armoires,
rocking chairs, an old cast iron wood stove, a vintage baby's pram, suitcases,
steamer trunks, and in the corner...

"I see you've spotted your bedroom for tonight!" Deep in one corner
of the room stood a massive steel safe.  It had the look of something
Houdini might have tried to escape from, and failed.  Five feet high,
four feet wide, three separate lock dials plus a massive steel wheel to
slam the locking bolts into place.

"This one was part of an accounting firm that went bankrupt.  They
were concerned that someone might actually try to steal the whole safe
out of their offices so they bolted it into the bedrock wall in their basement. 
I don't know if anyone ever did try to steal it but I have found that the
bolt holes make lovely air holes."

Marie's heart skipped a beat looking at it.  The door was easily
four inches thick.  She'd been encased so many times before but never
in something so... solid.

"Time to get you ready my dear." He led her over to a packing blanket
laid out on the floor next to the safe. Lying her on her side, he drew
her knees up into her chest and pressed them there with one hand while
his other picked up a roll of heavy duty shrink wrap that also lay on the
blanket.

"You never know where you might have to ship someone's special treasure"
he mused.  Tucking the shrink wrap under her body, he began carefully
passing it over and under her, slowly transforming her into a small plastic
cocoon.  Leaving her head exposed, he reached into his pocket for
her blindfold once more.  Her head was still reeling from the thought
of the safe.  It seemed so... permanent.  She began to moan through
her gag at the thought of being entombed there.  Suddenly, darkness
reigned once more as he buckled the blindfold in place.  She felt
his strong hands beneath her once more as he lifted her, packing blanket
and all, and began tucking his parcel into the safe.  Panic began
to creep over her.  Not here, not in here, please! She began to struggle
and twist in his arms.

His voice, softly and firmly at her ear.  "Marie.  It's alright. 
You'll be very safe.  I've placed an intercom in the safe with you. 
If you are in any danger, just grunt three times and I will be there to
release you. But make no mistake, you are going inside this vault."

Somehow, the firmness and inevetibility of his voice calmed her down. 
She felt more gentle tugging as he arranged the packing blanket around
her.  Even through the shrink wrap, through the blanket, she could
feel the hard, deep coldness of the steel that surrounded her.  The
air around her felt closer, stiller as she heard the squeaky creak of the
door sliding home. Chunk! as the door slammed into place followed by clang,
clang, clang as three rows of bolts were shot home.  Finally, a clicking
spin as all three combination dials were whirled, sealing her inside.

\*        \*         
\*

Clickety click click.... clickety click click    click...
Clang! Clang ! Clang!  The bolts were opened and the door swung free. 
Beneath the blindfold, she could feel the air get brighter around her as
the huge steel door came open to release her.

Bright light as the blindfold was removed, then blessed coolness as
he deftly cut away the shrink wrap, uncovering her sweat soaked skin.

"Let's get you out of there" he said gently, lifting her out of the
safe and gently unlacing the armbinder. "I'll bet you could use a shower."

Cradling her still gagged chin in his hand, he looked deep into her
eyes as she knelt before him.  "Thank you for this night.  Subdriver
is a very lucky man."

Her eyes never left his as he reached behind her head, undoing many
buckles to softly slide the gag from her lips.

"Thank you" she sighed.  "That was amazing.  You are going
to make some lucky lady very happy, Jerry."

\*      \*       
\*

After a hearty breakfast of pancakes, fresh fruit, and piping hot coffee,
after a well needed shower, after slipping back into her sundress for the
trip home, slave Marie stood by the front door, her white rose in hand,
gazing fondly around Jerry's beautiful home.

"Thank you again, Jerry.  You really are a marvellous host. 
Did the Taxi say how long they'd be?"

"Not long."

"This is such a lovely place, Jerry.  You're very lucky"

"Come with me, I want to show you one more thing before you have to
go."  Taking her hand he led her out the front door, away from the
path to the shop up to a small building nestled up in the trees.

"This is my workshop.  It's where I did a lot of the work for the
house."

Marie peered inside the dusty windows and saw a large black case sitting
on the floor of the workshop.

"What's that?" she asked.

"Go inside".  The shy Jerry was gone again, the voice of command
returned.  She walked into the workshop and surveyed the case. 
It was roughly 2 feet by 2 feet by 3 feet, steel bands reinforcing the
edges and corners and numerous reinforced latches dotting it's surface.

"Many of my customers need their antiques shipped to them and they can't
risk having their treasures damaged.  So I have a side business making
heavy duty road cases to transport them.  They're lined with foam
to protect the contents and when they're latched tight they're almost impenetrable."

"This one is for you."

"What..."  but she knew without asking.  Knew why subdriver
had sent Jerry her measurements, not just for the sack last night but for
this.  She knew why he'd said he owed Jerry a favour, what Jerry had
done for him.

Without a word, Marie began unclasping the latches, slowly lifting the
lid of the heavy case.  Inside, she saw a cutout in the foam that
lined the case. It was hard to picture, but she knew it would match the
contours of her body perfectly if she lay down in it, curled into a tight
ball.  She could even see the vents he'd cunningly concealed into
the side of the case to keep her safe.

Jerry placed his hands under her armpits and lifted her up so she was
sitting in the foam cutout.  Silently she lay down on her back, pulling
her knees into her chest and nestling into the soft cozy foam.  She
wiggled her fingers with a tiny goodbye wave as he lowered the lid and
began tightening down the latches.  Looking out the window, he saw
the UPS van approaching...
