---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Doll Potion
authors:
- Candy In Bondage
tags:
- mpov
- M2doll
- transform
- lovedoll
- majick
- mast
- costume
- armbinder
- cons
- XX
date: 2022-05-02 00:00:00
---

I spent a lot of time and went through a lot of websites, on the open web and the dark web. I met with so many fakers and con artists before finally finding someone who had the credible magic I sought.

We met in the back room of an astrology/alchemy lab.

"So your sexual fantasy is to become a living sex doll, a complete and total slut?"

"Yes."

"That can be done for a fee. For the price of just $19,358.14 you can drink this magic potion or for 78,455 gold pieces, 7 silver pieces, and 8 copper pieces you can use this high tech science fiction doll suit."

I chose the magic potion because I wanted it to be a permanent effect.

"You can go into the preparation room and have some privacy. Strip your clothes off and drink the potion. After your transformation to a spread eagle inflatabe sex doll you can spend the rest of the afternoon and all night masturbating in your new inflatable doll body."

"After sunrise you can have a meal and then pull the plug and deflate yourself. As a doll you cannot be destroyed, only deflated. Whenever you are deflated you will automatically be folded up and sealed in your box. Some workers will pick up your box and transport you to a store in a magical realm where eventually you will be purchased and all your slutty doll dreams will come true."

"Once you are transported to the magical science fiction realm, you will meet your loyal sissy princess and provide her with a lovely slutty magic kigurumi costume and meet up with your adventuring party of sissies, travelling the realms in sexual adventures, and creating your own deluxe tavern, magic shop, adventuring store, and bordello with a large sexy staff of women, men, and sissies from the range of fantasy and science fiction."

I went into the prep room and heard the door lock behind me.

I stripped down naked in front of a set of full length mirrors (like a dressing room). I smoked a couple bowls of the finest sativa and then indica cannabis, then chugged the magic potion. It didn't take long before the potion started working its magic.

The first thing to change was my toenails. Ten bright slutty red toe nails.

My feet became plastic and were tilted into a position for wearing very high heel shoes. I could no longer move my feet or toes.

Oh! Yes! The magic potion was real. I was really becoming a sex doll.

I watched as my legs started to change in color and look. Below my knees my legs were already changing to a shiny plastic completely free of any blemishes or marks.

I popped the biggest erection of my life. This was real. Inflatable sex doll all the way.

My legs turned from flesh and blood to air filled tubes of shiny plastic, shaped like sexy woman's legs but with seams running up the sides. My long, slender legs gently spread into the classic love doll V shape.

If you share my dream of becoming an inflatable sex toy, a plastic love doll, you can understand my excitement at really becoming one. My dreams coming true.

Touching my legs confirmed they felt like shiny air-filled plastic.

My legs were spread and ready, my knees bent, my legs in position for missionary style from the front or doggie style from the rear or any other sex position imaginable.

No matter how hard I tried to move my legs, they remained spread apart, two shiny tubes of plastic.

Something felt strange about my crotch. I reached down and felt just smooth plastic.

Looking down, I saw my penis and balls had shrunk and disappeared as my crotch became smooth shiny plastic.

Bye bye male genitalia. Hello doll pussy.

I lightly traced the tips of my fingernails over my perfectly smooth, hairless crotch.

I couldn't wait for my new doll cunt to develop.

I stroked my smooth plastic groin and plastic inner thighs in anticipation of a brand new pussy.

My ass started to grow to match my wide feminine hips. As my butt kept swelling I wondered if it would ever stop.

My ass was swollens into exaggerated big booty.

The excitement of becoming an inflatable doll with a big butt and vibrating asshole almost made me swoon.

I loved the feeling of running my hands over my phat ass.

My bare dolly butt gleamed, two plump ass cheeks begging to be fondled.

My hips were widening and my waist was becoming thinner.

My hips flared and swelled out into a feminine form.

I loved the feeling of running my hands over my ass, hips, and smooth plastic groin.

My waist shrunk into an hourglass shape. A seam circled my entire plastic waist. A pair of seams on each side of my body from my waist to under my arms.

Seams! I was really becoming Candy in Bondage the Slutty Magical Spread Eagle Inflatable Sex Doll

I felt more and more like an inflatable love doll as more and more of my body became shiny, air-filled plastic.

I was so turned on by finally becoming an inflatable sex doll. I was horny.

My body was becoming light and buoyant. My skin was glossy pink and so sensitive it tingled with every touch. The seams on my body indicated being put together from pieces of latex and plastic. I felt inflated.

I ran my fingers over the seams. My new plastic body tingled at the touch. Yes, yes, yes, I was becoming a real inflatable doll. The magic potion was really working! Me so horny!

I developed a belly button, complete with a belly ring. Erotic sensations emanated from my navel and spread through my now plastic torso.

Could I possibly become more turned on? The answer turned out to be yes. I thought I was turned on to the max, but as my transformation continued I was turned on more and more.

Looking down I could see doll tits growing on my chest.

Finally, breasts! I would have been satisfied with the small A cup breasts typical of cheap inflatable dolls, but to my joy, they kept growing into deluxe doll breasts. How big would they get? The bigger the better!

My chest swelled. I was growing jumbo-sized H cup latex doll breast forms. Circular seams formed around my feminine breasts. As my chest expanded into breasts my breathing slowed and stopped.

I groped my inflating titties. My jumbo H cup racks were gel filled and wiggled and bounced.

My doll tits were big and perky. Just touching my ultra sensitive breasts caused an orgasm to explode through my plastic inflated body.

It gave me great pleasure to actually have jumbo doll breasts I could hold, rub, stroke, and squeeze.

I fondled my new doll breasts, erotic pleasure shooting through my now mostly doll body. My large, well-formed H cup doll tits jiggled provocatively.

My nipples were permanently erect and areola were bright red. My titties included two vibrators, both of which turned on. I could clearly hear the devices buzzing. My bright red nipples were swollen and pointy and I was turned on. My nipples had metal nipple rings, with a small bell attached to each nipple ring.

I played with my nipples, erotic pleasure coursing through my entire body, both the doll parts and the still human parts.

I soon discovered that I could change the size and shape of my breasts, as well as the size and color of my areola and nipples.

When sucked, my breasts could produce mammary milk or a variety of delicious beverages, alcoholic and non-alcoholic.

My thoughts were "I really am turning into a love doll. I'm becoming a sex toy, an inflatable love doll, a slutty sex doll that needs to be used in all three holes. I need to be fucked by beautiful women and sissies."

A classic 'O' shaped butthole appeared in the center of my doll ass. My dolly butthole had a vibrator, which turned on. The sound of multiple vibrators filled the room. I felt the vibrations in my butt spreading through my doll body.

I was able to finger my soft new plastic butthole, giving myself sexual pleasure.

I loved the vibrating action of my sweet doll ass.

I orgasmed from fingering my asshole.

My molded vagina took shape. Bright red inner lips inside soft puffy outer lips and mons pubis. My cunt hole was bright pink. I even had a swollen clitoris, clitoral hood, and a urethra opening. A small well trimmed blonde bush was color printed above my vagina.

My twat hole was so tight and ready to be filled with tongues and cock after cock.

I stroked and massaged my new pussy, feeling my new mons pubis, labia majora, labia minora, and clitoris. Touching my new clit sent shockwaves of pleasure through my sex doll body. I started to finger my vagina with my right hand while furiously rubbing my dolly clitty with my left hand.

I loved the vibrating action of my sweet doll cunt.

The inside of my bright pink vaginal tube was lined with bumps and grooves for maximum pleasure. The outside of my vaginal tube was a sleeve filled with hot water, allowing me to squeeze down on a cock. Both my self-lubricating pussy hole and self-lubricating asshole could squeeze and relax to grip and massage any penis.

My new doll cunt had two vibrators, both of which turned on and pulsed to maximum. The sound of the multiple vibrators running simultaneously had to have been loud enough for the neighbors to hear. Each vibrator had a different sound, so those who became familiar with me could easily tell which of my holes were turned on at any given moment.

My twat started to flow with vaginal fluids, completely lubricating my vaginal tube and starting to drip out and run down my ass and legs. My vagina convulsed with my first dolly vaginal orgasm, both clitoral and G-spot at the same time. It turned out that I was a squirter. Big time squirter. I squirted and squirted and squirted and then squirted some more as one orgasm after another filled my doll pussy with pleasure.

My pussy juices tasted just like a woman's. When sucked, my snatch could produce a variety of delicious beverages, alcoholic and non-alcoholic. I could also tinkle the same variety of beverages out of my urethra, as well as a variety of magic potions.

My thoughts were "I am really turning into Candy in Bondage the Slutty Magical Spread Eagle Inflatable Sex Doll ... mmmmm ... feels soooo good ... I'm just cheap plastic ... well maybe high quality plastic, but still inflatable plastic ... ready to be used and objectified and sexed up ... ohhhh ahhhh I want - to - be - fucked so bad .. use the sex toy ... good toy .. a deluxe inflatable love doll"

At this point in my transformation, I now had three realistic orifices for sissy pleasure.

I was surprised that I would get the best of both worlds. I would have both an artificial doll pussy and a detachable vibrating dildo.

A rainbow colored detachable rabbit dildo grew out of my plastic body above my blonde bush.

I stroked my LGBQTIA vibrating detachable dildo. It felt just like stroking the penis I used to have until a few minutes ago. I detached my rainbow dildo and quickly experimented with its various vibrating settings on my new dolly titties, vagina, butthole, and mouth. It squirted cum into each of my holes and all over my breasts and face. I thought about the pleasure I would have with my new rainbow monster.

My detachable dildo had a beaded thrusting rabbit ears vibrator, a variable length and width realistically shaped penile shaft with triple action G spot vibrations, rotating beads, 7 vibration settings, and three powerful thrusting motions, all under individual control. I could use the detachable dildo as a strap-on or remove it. While removed, I could fuck myself and feel both the fucking and the being fucked. Or I could use it to pleasure someone else, fucking both sissies and genuine girls.

My arms turned shiny plastic, with seams. My arms were in the classic love doll ready to hug position. I could no longer move my arms.

My hands became very feminine, with bright red slutty fingernails. While I admired my new long fingernails they changed to shocking pink. Pink acrylic ballerina nails. I realized I could change the color of my fingernail and toenail polish at whim.

My hands were so plush and squeaky.

Something else was happening to my hands. My left palm was filled with a plastic ring for giving hand jobs. A small pump was attached to the ring, allowing for the ring to be pumped and squeezed tight around a cock. My right hand was fixed into a position for stroking and probing pussy.

I could no longer stroke and fondle my new doll body, but sexual desires continued to burn hotly inside my inflatable love doll plastic body.

I could no longer move any part of my body other than my neck and head, and I knew that was about to change too. I could barely move my head and I felt the lightness of my body being filled with air.

I felt an inflation valve form in the middle of my back.

My doll skin was glossy with a shiny polish. I soon discovered that I could change the color of my skin, even creating colored patterns. I could even take on textures much like an octopus does to hide and blend in with the background.

I would soon find out that I was normally locked into spread eagle doll position, but could switch to being in standard prone doll position, kneeling doll position, seated doll position, or doggie style doll position. If I needed to I could move, walk, run, climb, or any other movements. I could do athletic maneuvers including all of the cheerleading and dance routines. But my preference was to relax into the slutty spread eagle doll position.

The bright shiny plastic sheen spread up my neck. I let out an involuntary moan.

My neck became frozen in place and I could no longer move my head around. At least for the rest of the transformation. I could just stare straight forward. Real inflatable sex doll heaven.

My face took on a plastic sheen and a fixed sex hungry expression. My face had the look of an anime whore.

I had a cute little turned up button nose typical of an inflatable love doll.

I was free to change my nose to any of the noses of any of the kigurumi or transvestite female masks and any of the noses of any of the dolls, whether love doll or ordinary doll, both those that are 2d printed and 3d molds.

Both of my cheeks had slutty bright pink cheek blush makeup. I stared at the mirror with a frozen look of extreme lust.

I was free to change my cheeks to any color or style of makeup, including combinations of colors, and to assume any of the cheeks of any of the kigurumi or transvestite female masks and any of the cheeks of any of the dolls, whether love doll or ordinary doll, both those that are 2d printed and 3d molds.

My eyes became bright blue and stretched out to anime proportions.

I had thick black slutty eyeliner, full, long seductive eyelashes, slutty blue eyeshadow, and arched blonde eyebrows.

I was free to change my eyes to any color, including combinations of colors, and to assume any of the eye expressions of any of the kigurumi or transvestite female masks and any of the eye expressions of any of the dolls, whether love doll or ordinary doll, both those that are 2d printed and 3d molds.

My eyes had the 16 different visible light color receptors of a mantis shrimp (compared to the three of humans), as well as near ultraviolet, extreme ultraviolet, soft X-rays, hard x-rays, and gamma rays, as well as near infrared, mid infrared, far infrared, extremely high frequency radio, super high frequency, ultra high frequency, very high frequency, high frequency, medium frequency, low frequency, very low frequency, ultra low frequency, super low frequency, and extremely low frequency. Like a mantis shrimp I could detect polarization of light.

I had dark vision, blindsight, and truesight.

Nerves running up and down my back like those of an electric eel allowed me to produce an electrical shock of 600V and 100W. Further I could modulate the same electrical organs to produce radio signals in any frequency range, using AM, FM, digital modulation, pulse modulation, and spread spectrum modulation. Between my ability to see across the radio spectrum and produce radio signals, I was able to send and receive any kind of radio transmission.

I had plastic molded ears. I could switch them from human ears to elf or even Vulcan ears and back.

I was free to change my ears to assume any of the ear expressions of any of the kigurumi or transvestite female masks and any of the ear expressions of any of the dolls, whether love doll or ordinary doll, both those that are 2d printed and 3d molds.

I could hear frequencies as low as 16 Hz like a ferret and as high as 150 KHz like a porpoise. I could do ultrasound echo like a bat or porpoise.

I felt my mouth opening forming into an inviting classic love doll 'O' shape. My wide open mouth with glossy bright red lipsticked lips looked particularly slutty. My mouth also had a vibrator, which also turned on. My tongue started to lick and move, ready for either a cock or a pussy.

I soon discovered that while my favorite mouth shape was the classic wide open doll mouth, because it fit well with a full head ball gag with a thick black dildo inside, I could also have my mouth in any of the classic anime positions, with matching eye and facial expressions, as well as move my lips and tongue in a full range of cock sucking and pussy licking motions.

In addition to producing saliva for lubrication, I could also blow out cannabis smoke. I could even blow out the cannabis smoke and breathe it back in and get stoned, which I immediately did.

While I didn't need any food or water or even to breathe, I could breathe if I wanted to and I could taste, consume,and enjoy any beverage or food. Poison or even acids couldn't hurt me. And I gladly swallowed both cum and pussy juices.

I discovered that I could speak fluently in any language and had a beautiful singing voice with a range from the deepest bass to the highest soprano.

I was free to change my mouth and lips to any color, including combinations of colors, and to assume any of the mouth expressions of any of the kigurumi or transvestite female masks and any of the mouth expressions of any of the dolls, whether love doll or ordinary doll, both those that are 2d printed and 3d molds.

My hair was bright blonde, with two pigtails, held in place by red ribbons with a small, pretty, feminine bow.

My golden blonde hair continued to grow in length, spilling over my shoulders, down my back and reaching to my hips and butt. Transforming into Candy in Bondage the Slutty Magical Spread Eagle Inflatable Sex Doll was making me a bubble butt bimbo.

I was free to change my hair to any color, including combinations of colors, and to assume any hair style of any length.

I was an inflatable love doll from head to foot. I was literally an air-headed slut with big boobs.

I was free to change my head to any style or kind of any of the kigurumi or transvestite female masks and any of the styles or kinds or expressions of any of the dolls, whether love doll or ordinary doll, both those that are 2d printed and 3d molds.

Next I grew a set of appendages, which also could shrink and completely disappear. They were the eight arms of an octopus and the two longer tentacles of a squid. I could have all of them, one of them, or any combination of them, or none at all.

Each of these arms and tentacles could have a working penis at the end, wth multispeed vibrations and capable of ejacualtion. If the rights clearances ever come in, I will use my ten tentacle cocks to simultaneously fuck Batgirl, Black Widow, Catwoman, Kitty Pryde, Phoenix, Saturn Girl, Scarlet Witch, Supergirl, Storm, Wonder Woman.

My doll body was now color printed with a black lace open breast brassière exposing my huge H cup breasts. Color printed black lace open crotch panties exposed my blonde bush, mons pubis, labia majora, labia minora, urethra, clitoris, and clitoral hood. My legs were color printed with black fishnet stockings attached to a color printed black lace garter belt around my waist.

My body cycled through doll positions. I started in the classic prone love doll position, then into the kneeling position with my arms over my head ready for bondage, then into the spread eagle doll position. I found that my arms could independently move between the classic love doll hugging position to above the head bondage position and behind the back bondage position.

Exploring my new doll body, I discovered that I was flexible and could bend in ways no ordinary human could. Not only could I fuck myself with my detachable rainbow vibrating dildo, I could suck bend my neck and suck my breasts. I could twist and bend my waist and suck my own pussy or even my ass. Some more bending and twisting and I could actually put my mouth on the inflation valve in the middle of my back. I could blow myself up, something that might come in handy in the future.

I sucked on my breasts and drank in the sweetest fresh milk. Then I experimented and discovered my titties produced the highest quality fresh water, any kind of animal or plant milk, lemonade, coconut water, any kind of fruit or vegetable juice, any kind of tea or herbal tea, any kind of coffee, hot cocoa, hot chocolate, apple or any other kind of cider, sparkling water, any kind of soda or soft drink, and kind of fruit punch, any kind of fruit nectar, any kind of fruit sherbet, any kind of carbonated fruit drink, any kind of fruit syrup, maple syrup, agave syrup, cane syrup, flavored syrups, gomme syrup, honey, any kind of fruit cordial, any kind of fruit drink, any kind of fruit squash, any kind of fruit sherbet, any kind of energy drink, any flavor milkshake, any kind of smoothie, any kind of beer, any kind of wine, any kind of eggnog, any kind of hard soda, whiskey, vodka, gin, tequila, brandy, rum, or any kind of cocktail or mixed drink. I discovered that each tit could provide a different beverage at the same time.

Beverage dispensing along with my insatiable sexual appetite made me the perfect travel companion for any adventuring party, even one of all paladins.

I sucked on my snatch and tasted the sweetest vaginal fluids imaginable. Further experimentation revealed my pussy could also produce fresh water, any kind of animal or plant milk, lemonade, coconut water, any kind of fruit or vegetable juice, any kind of tea or herbal tea, any kind of coffee, hot cocoa, hot chocolate, apple or any other kind of cider, sparkling water, any kind of soda or soft drink, and kind of fruit punch, any kind of fruit nectar, any kind of fruit sherbet, any kind of carbonated fruit drink, any kind of fruit syrup, maple syrup, agave syrup, cane syrup, flavored syrups, gomme syrup, honey, any kind of fruit cordial, any kind of fruit drink, any kind of fruit squash, any kind of fruit sherbet, any kind of energy drink, any flavor milkshake, any kind of smoothie, any kind of beer, any kind of wine, any kind of eggnog, any kind of hard soda, whiskey, vodka, gin, tequila, brandy, rum, or any kind of cocktail or mixed drink. Additionally my vagina can provide eggs from any animal (including chicken eggs and caviar). The eggs can be raw in their shell or cooked in any style, including North African shakshuka or omelets with any ingredients. My urethra can also provide other useful liquids, including soapy water, any kind of animal urine, mercury, bromine, rubbing alcohol, honey, ethanol, gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, any kind of vegetable oil (including extra virgin cold pressed olive oil), any color ink, glycol coolants, liquid propellants, mineral oils, any kind of liquid lubricant, and of course vaginal fluids. Plus my entire crotch area is self-cleaning. I later learned that my hotbox could also produce magic potions, the variety of available potions expanding as I went up in character level.

Some people think I am overpowered just because I leveled up simultaneously in alchemist, artificer, astrologer, barbarian, bard, cleric, druid, fighter, healer, illusionist, mage, monk. mystic, ninja, paladin, priest, psion, ranger, rogue, runepriest, samurai, scout, sorcerer, thief, thief-acrobat, warlock, warrior monk, witch, and wizard classes. Just because my stats are maxed out to match my many classes doesn't mean I'm over powered. I'm just your friendly neighborhood magic sex doll.

I could transform into any kind of robot, from a simple maidbot to a full powered combat robot.

I stood in classic love doll prone position and with the blink of my eyes, a sexy black satin maid's costume appeared on my body, complete with corset. My wrists and ankles were locked into leather ankle and wrist cuffs. A bondage collar appeared around my neck and a full head bondage gag appeared on my head, with a bright red ball between my lips and a big black dildo inside my mouth. My groin was covered with a shiny metal chastity belt, complete with a pair of big black dildos in my pussy hole and asshole. The buttplug dildo had a pump hanging out that slowly inflated the buttplug dildo to its full size. A butterfly vibrator pressed against my lovebud and a pair of egg vibrators were in my cunt hole and asshole. The wires for these vibrators ran down to battery controllers hanging from my garters, as if the noise of all the vibrators wasn't clue enough about what was happening. Metal chains ran from the black leather wrist and ankle cuffs and through metal loops on the bondage belt. Another metal chain ran up to my bondage collar. In addition to the bells on my nipple rings, I now also had a large bell on my collar and a couple of bells hanging down from my black lace panties.

The orgasms running through my doll body made it harder to stand up straight. Sure, my doll body was stiff, but the rocking threatened to cause me to fall over and face plant. So I switched to a kneeling position. I could move my arms and hands to pleasure my breasts or pussy or just run my hands and fingers over my lovely doll body.

I put my arms behind my back and concentrated. My use of magic was getting better. A tight black leather armbinder locked me into this classic bondage position.

I switched to the spread eagle position (with my arms still locked behind me in the black leather armbinder), with my legs spread wantonly, my sluttiest doll position. A solid metal leg spreader bar appeared and attached to my ankle cuffs, forcing me to stay in the legs wide open position.

After multiple orgasms in the spread eagle bondage position, the maid's outfit disappeared, leaving only the color printed balck lace lingerie and once again fully exposing my pussy, butt, and tits.

Here I was in spread eagle bondage wearing the sluttiest of sissy maid outfits with vibrators on my doll tits, in my love doll butthole, and sex doll pussy hole, on my artificial doll clitty, and in my inflatable doll spread eagle crotch surrounding my bright pink doll vagina, all locked in place, with big black dildoes vibrating and pumoing away in my doll mouth, tight doll cooze hole, and inflatable doll asshole. The dildoes were randomly ejaculating in all three of my doll holes.

My detachable vibrating rainbow dildo started fucking my titties. I ejacualted cum on my own doll chest, neck, face, and mouth.

And then got into the rhythm of moving my detachable vibrating rainbow dildo around, swapping out with dildoes one at a time to fuck my dolly twat, dolly butt, and dolly doll mouth, then tittie fucking myself and around and around over and over.

I could simultaneously feel myself being fucked and feel myself fucking my spread eagle fuck doll hotbox, anal sex doll asshole, cherry-ringed 'O' shaped doll mouth hole, and inflatable doll breasts.

Jumbotron video screens showed me live action video of sissies, kigurumi, and sex dolls in severe bondage being fucked, double fucked, triple fucked, and gangbanged in every possible way.

You can understand how I, as a new and still virgin Candy in Bondage the Slutty Magical Spread Eagle Inflatable Sex Doll, had orgasm after orgasm for well more than an hour.

This was the solo action I dreamed of. And my real sexual contact with sissies, kigurumi, and dolls as Candy in Bondage the Slutty Magical Spread Eagle Inflatable Sex Doll were still to cum.

If you have gotten this far in my story, I am assuming you fully understand how grandly wonderful it was for this dream to cum true.

After multiple orgasms in the spread eagle bondage position, I let the maid's outfit disappear, leaving only the color printed black lace lingerie and once again fully exposing my snatch, ass, and rack. The bondage apparatus fell off my doll body.

I laid there, still as a doll, reveling in the afterglow of my solo doll masturbation. The expression of wild abandoned sexual satisfaction was fixed in freeze frame on my shiny plastic face.

The next two chapters will reveal the pleasures I had in the preparation room and how I was boxed up and sold to a royal prince who I turned into my own personal kigurumi sissy maid on my private fantasy island.
