---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Party Favour
authors:
- RubberJake72
tags:
- F-m
- latex
- catsuit
- party
- bbw
- oral
- mast
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2009-06-12 00:00:00
---

She called me, early in the afternoon, "Can you do me a favor, I'm
having a party tonight and I wanted your help to serve and tend bar,
Please say you will?"

"Okay," I replied. We'd been friends some time, and I never minded
helping out with things like this for her.

"Thanks, and one more thing, would you wear the catsuit, you know which
one I mean, it's a "special" party..."

Thinking, I did know which catsuit she meant, I had only just gotten it,
and had modeled it for her on cam the other day, so she knew what it was
like. But if it was a party, it might be a bit risque to show off all of
it, so I added a pair of black latex briefs to the bag , the ones that
had side zips to make them easy to remove, just in case.
I went and showered, shaved and otherwise cleaned up, and headed to her
house, to help her get ready for the night.

She greeted me with a hug and a lingering kiss when i knocked on her
door. We swiftly arranged platters and servers and set up the small bar
area, giving me the occasional brushes and teases that soon had me
straining inside my jeans. Though we had played together many times
online, never in the flesh, but had met several times for lunch or
drinks, or just to spend time, I wondered if tonight might mean
something different. She shooed me into the spare room, telling me to get dressed in my suit,
as her guests would be arriving soon and she didn't want them to see me
"uncovered" so to speak.

Alone, I swiftly stripped off my clothes, then, taking the suit out of
the bag, I shook it out, unzipped it and laid it open on the bed. Taking
the bottle of J-lube I began coating myself in the slippery goo, starting
at my feet and working my way up my body, the time I expected to spend
inside the suit just talc wouldn't do, and to tell the truth I preferred
the wet, squishy slippery feeling of being coated in the stuff.

Grabbing the suit, I slowly slip into each foot, smoothing the legs as I
pull it up on me, until the suit reaches my crotch, grabbing out the Ky
and Wet, I squirt a generous helping of each into the sheath, and
liberally coat the other, before inserting them into their appropriate
spots, then i resume pulling the suit on up, settling the crotch and wait
properly before putting my arms in and starting to zip up the back. I
pulled out the hood, and with a quick wipe of gel over my shaven head,
pulled it on, making sure the breathing holes lined up and the eyes were
properly sited, before zipping it closed and tucking the flaps under the
collar of my suit, and then pressing the final sheath inside. Pulling on
the short gloves to complete my suit,
I quickly buffed it all over to bring out the shine, then pulled on the
zippered briefs, no need to display everything..

Just as I finished she knocked on the door and stuck her head in, "All
set?, Oh, wow, it looks even better in person. but where is?..." she
asked as she inspected my polished black body, the supple latex molded
to me. "Oh, nice with the briefs, no need to show off those, yet."

I
wondered about that "Yet' as she led me out into the living room, and
introduced me to her guests that had already arrived. I began to tend
the bar, mixing and serving drinks and hor'devores as more guests
arrived, until there was a crowd of 20 BBW filling the room, all dressed
casually, chatting and staring at me, almost hungrily. What exactly was
going on tonight? I wondered, as i smiled pleasantly, or tried to, the
rubber sheath filling my mouth made all expressions the same.

She came over to me and told me to follow her to the middle of the room.. walking behind her until i noticed i was in the center of the room.
She told me to get down on all 4's and of course i obliged. My cock
pressing hard inside my sheath throbbing. Her friend opened a suitcase
next to me. I lifted my head to see all kids of adult toys. Toys ranging
from anal stimulators to dildos to strapons, even handcuffs, chains and
straps. She then said "Thank you for coming to the party ladies and a
special thank you for our model who will be demonstrating." My cock
pulsated when she said next, "Now ladies don't be shy who is first to
try one of these toys out on our handsome submissive model?"

Stripping off her blouse she pressed her breasts to my rubber lips,
having me suck and lick on her nipples, as she unzipped my briefs,
pulling them free and revealing the surprises of my suit to the
assembled BBW.. a rubber sheath, enclosing my cock and balls in
glistening blue rubber, a similar blue sheath lining my ass. Taking a
medium sized vibrator from the toy case, she lightly stroked it with
some lube before running it over her breasts, then slid it in and out of
the rubber sheath lining my mouth, and then slowly slid it into my ass.

"Now then, ladies," she said, "here he is, ready for you, you're
encouraged to try out any of the toys with him, just be sure to use
lube, and while you may play with his cock, try not to make him cum, and
you may not use his cock other than with your hands, but his mouth is
quite available, now have fun."

It soon became quite a blur, of BBW in various stages of undress,
examining toys, trying various ones out on me, fondling me or caressing
my rubber clad body. Ass's, pussies, breasts and ample curves all
paraded by me, hands touching and squeezing me, fondling my hard cock,
secure in its rubber sheath, toys sliding in and out, it all soon became
a whirling blur. Next thing I know, I find myself alone in the guest
room, the house is quiet, the door shut, my hood off. The door opens and
my friend steps in, her blouse open still, carrying a glass.

She comes over and sits next to me on the bed, handing me the glass,
saying, "You must be thirsty after all of that, it sure seemed like you
were enjoying it all."

"How did i end up back here?", I asked, "and you didn't remove my hood
out there..."

"No, " she replied, "when it seemed you passed out, I had several of the
guests help carry you in here, I removed your hood to let you cool off
after they had left, it seemed like you had quite the climax from it
all. Everyone has gone home, but I wanted to let you rest, and I really
wanted to thank you, for helping me out, and making the party a success."

"Well... mmmmph," I managed and she leaned forward and kissed me soundly.

"I've waited and wanted a long time to do that," she said, as she pushed
me back onto the bed, moving to straddle my hips, reaching up to cast
away her blouse as she leaned forwards once more to kiss me deeply, I
wrapped my arms around her and pulled her tightly to me as her lips
parted and our tongues probed one another.
I stroked her back and caressed the sides of her breasts as we kissed
passionately for what seemed like hours, my arousal increased (which I'm
surprised there was any more available, having already cum once)

She
noticed this as well, and pulling away, stood up to remove her slacks
and panties (which were quite wet), before coming back to the bed, and
straddling my legs, taking my hardening cock (still in its rubber
sheath) she began to lick and suck it, teasing me with her mouth, as her
other hand crept between my legs and began to explore the other sheath
lining my ass, sliding one, then two fingers easily in and out of the
lube still filling the rubber canal.

I moaned contentedly and ran my fingers over he face and through her
hair, then tugging at her shoulders, got her to turn around and face the
other way. Her thighs spread on either side of my head, her dripping sex
positioned above my face, she resumed her assault on my cock and ass, as
I grasped her hips with my hands and began kissing along her nether
lips, reveling in the scent of her arousal and the juices collecting
there, parting them gently with my tongue I taste her nectar as I lick
along her wet slit, reaching her clit I gently circle it with my lips,
lightly nibbling on it and sucking it, hearing her moans as she sucks
harder on my engorged cock, I lick back the other way, avoiding the wet
hole of her pussy, feeling the heat coming from it I lick up and circle
her ass, gently kissing the rosebud before pushing my tongue up through
the tight ring.

She pulls off my cock, sitting upright and grinding
against my face as i continue to tongue her ass. She squeals as I
continue to lick her backdoor, the gets up off of me, turns around
facing me and hands me back my hood, "Would you wear this, and lick me,
I watched you do it at the party and I \*must\* know how it feels."

Quickly pulling on my hood, I zip it up and slip the sheath into my
mouth, taking a deep breath through my nose I extend my tongue out
through the rubber to lick her lips once again, sliding along in her
copious juices as my tongue enters her, licking her wet depths, her
creams running over my rubber. She arches her back and moans deeply as
she grinds her pussy against my face, and i feel her muscles contract
and wet fluid gushes out over my hood.

She smiles and leans down to kiss
my face, and licks some of her nectar off of my hood, "I believe it is
your turn now," she says, as she scoots back down my body, then raising
herself up, she slowly slides down onto my rubber sheathed cock, burying
my hardness inside of her, wiggling around on top of it until she is
comfortable. She raises herself up slowly, almost completely off of me,
the slides back down, again and again. I buck my hips against her,
rising to meet her thrusts, filling her deeply as i grasp her hips, and
caress her breasts, knowing that this will not last long, i thrust
harder back into her, feeling my passion rise, bucking and squirming,
holding it as long as I can, until like a volcano I \*CUM\*, exploding
into my sheath again and again, a low moan inflating the sheath of my
hood, bubbling it out, as she shrieks and moans in response, her pussy
contracting against me as she succumbs to her passion as well.

She
slumps down on top of me, gently pulling my hood off against, and kisses
my flushed, sweating face; "Thank you for this," she whispers, "I have
wanted this for a long time, and am glad that I have finally gotten to
have you and given you one of your own fantasies as well."

I wrapped my arms around her once again, holding her close: "And thank
you as well, you have given me two things I have always wished for."
