---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Furry Heaven
authors:
- Bigjon
tags:
- M-m
- bearsuit
- enclosed
- encased
- bond
- x-cross
- electro
- gag
- tease
- mast
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2011-03-12 00:00:00
---

For many years now I have had a strong desire/need to be trapped, enclosed and left in a Furry Heaven. This is something that had been beyond my reach and was much too purvey for most of my friends to know about or even understand.

So, on a visit to my long time bondage buddy, he had a little surprise for me. We met up as usual for lunch and a chat and then went for a couple of drinks. All seemed as normal. We went back to his place and went down to his Dungeon. I noticed to my delight and surprise a large bear suit draped over the bench. He looked at me and smiled.

 “Bet you were not expecting that” he said.

“Dead right” I replied.

“I think we will have you in there shortly”, he chuckled.

My pulse was starting to pick up at the thought of it, as he went to put the kettle on.

I enjoyed the cup of tea, but my mind was wondering what was to come next.

We returned to the Dungeon, and I was able to have a quick look at the bear suit.

It was brown and covered with a good lot of thick fur; the head seemed to be attached to the body as were the paws and feet. It was all in one. Having picked it up it was very heavy too. Inside the suit it was lined in fur as well, almost as thick as the fur on the outside. It had a crotch entry; there was not zip up the back or front. This would make it difficult to get in and out of. It looked quite cute from the outside, the bears face having a contented smile on it.

“What are you waiting for” a voice said. “Start putting it on”.

I obeyed, and undressed. My pulse was really going now, with the anticipation.

I walked over to the suit and slipped my right leg inside right leg of the suit. The furriness felt great as my leg slipped right down inside. My foot fitting nicely into the enclosed foot of the suit at the end. Then the other leg went in all the way and the suit was pulled up to my waist. My buddy was assisting at this point. He laughed as he saw my throbbing dick.

“Having fun”

I smiled and replied, ”Yep”

After a little adjustment, it was time for the rest of the suit to go over me.

Both my arms we put half way down their prospective suit arms and the head and body was lifted over my head. The whole lot slid down and over me and engulfed me in the thick furriness. It felt great against my naked body. This was heaven. The head on the suit was also filled with the furriness and in enclosed my head completely. The eyes did not allow much light in, as they were smaller than I thought. There was an opening for breathing which I was thankful for.

Then I felt a tugging in between my legs and the suit was zipped shut. I was well and truly trapped. Fur ticking my balls and cock which made me squirm a bit.

“There we are” said a voice, “A real life teddy bear, looking good”.

He laughed loudly.

“I think you better spend a little time in there before I get my fun”, he said.

This comment caught my breath, as I knew that he could be evil if he wanted to be.

However my cock continued to throb away, so all was well for now.

I was led by the paw over to the St Andrews Cross which as in the corner of the Dungeon, and I was attached to it, all 4 limbs secured.

“There you go my Bear, not going anywhere now in a hurry”

With that he turned and left the Dungeon. I could hear his footsteps climbing the stairs.

Well, here I was trapped inside my Furry Heaven. Totally enclosed and it was getting hot now too. Starting to sweat a bit. This made my cock throb even more. As I wriggled on the cross I could get the fur to tickle my balls again and again. It was great; I could not believe this was happening to me. I must have been making a few noises as I heard a voice say

“Sounds like you are having fun, all this noise I am hearing”.

He had come down the stairs without me realising.

“Time to do something about that”

I heard a draw open and then a gag was inserted through the mouth in the suits head and into my mouth. It was then blown up and I realised it was a butterfly gag.

“That will take care of those noises”, the voice said.

This made breathing more difficult and the extra effort made me sweat into the suit even more and made my cock start to ache as it throbbed. The heat I was feeling was making me even more horny.

“Now, it is time for some of my fun” the voice said.

I felt the crotch zip on the suit being unzipped, the cooler air hitting my cock and balls as the opening grew larger.

Then I felt straps being attached to my cock and balls. I knew that my love for electro was going to be added to the love for the furriness. However the amount would be beyond my control.

“I think that will do” the voice said, “Hello, electro Teddy bear”

The crotch zip was then pulled shut.

I waited for what was to come. Trapped in my furry heaven, hot, horny, sweating, pulse racing and breathing heavily.

“Now for some fun”, the voice said.

I felt waves of electro starting on my cock head. Gentle at first, but then starting to increase in intensity. I yelped from behind the gag.

“Good, I will leave the setting there for a while” the voice said “Now I have a reaction”

The waves were teasing and massaging my cock head. I moaned and wriggled as the electro did its work. At the same time my balls were being tickled by the fur. Pain and pleasure combined and there was nothing I could do about it. As I moved about, the sweaty fur moved over my entire body. Stroking and rubbing all over my naked body. Turning me on even more. It seemed my whole body was about to explode. I was chewing on the gag, as I struggled for breath.

I am not sure how long this went on for but it was broken with a voice saying

“How is my electro bear getting on”

I was unable to even answer, as the gag only allowed a grunt.

“Good, time for a bit more then”

The electro was changed to a new setting. A more constant, steady pulse on my cock head. Gentle again at first but then increasing and increasing, slowly being turned up. This making my cock head feel as if it was on fire. I moaned and struggled as it tormented me. The heat of the suit getting to baking point, matching the temperature of my cock. The sweat was flowing from me. Was the furry heaven getting out of control?

I was not in control. The voice was.

Time passed again, struggling, sweating, moaning.

“How are you getting on”, the voice said.

I could barely give a response, as I was in furry heaven/hell.

“I think it is time to let the bear cum, slowly”, the voice said

The electro was changed again to a slow massage. My body convulsed on every stroke as the intensity was slowly increased. Slowly tormenting and massaging my cock head. I knew I was going to cum, but the electro was going to decide when. My throbbing cock was burning. I waited, trapped and hot, I had to. More and more strokes, more intensity, on and on it went.

“Awwww, my poor bear”, the voice said. “Not there yet”

I shook my head in response; I could not make a noise

The voice turned up the electro a bit more. On and on, pulsing, teasing, building.

That was it; the point of no return had been reached. I screamed into the gag as I came inside of the furry suit. My body writhing as each shot of cum flew out of my dick. I was gasping for breath, sweat flowing into the fur of the suit. After the last shot, my body started to relax but the heat intensity continued. The furry suit was not finished with me yet. I was trapped, hot, but no longer horny, wanting out. Was I going to be released from my furry prison?

Only the voice would decide.............
