---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/horseridingdiscipline5.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'Horse Riding Discipline 5: Public embarrassment'
authors:
- Mister B
tags:
- F/f
- D/s
- chast
- collar
- dress
- bond
- rope
- public
- hum
- tease
- torment
- toys
- insert
- climax
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2014-06-16 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Horse Riding Discipline 4: Suffering**](horseridingdiscipline4.html))

**Part 5: Public embarrassment**

I have been Joan’s slave and lover for a while now and have become a well trained slave. Joan tells me that I am special and tough when it comes to enduring severe punishment. This makes me feel proud. Also I am allowed more privileges such as sleeping with Joan every now and then.

One morning, after breakfast Joan seems to have decided to change the game a bit. With a twinkle in her eyes she tells me to strip and assume the display position. I am blindfolded and with my hands folded in the back of my neck told to wait. When Joan returns she stands behind me and fastens something that feels like a belt around my waist, then something large is pushed inside my vagina and something is pulled up between my legs and clicked shut in the front.

When I am allowed to stand down I see that I am wearing some kind of chastity belt. When I move about I am well aware of something inside myself causing not unpleasant feelings. Then the next surprise hits me. Joan hands me a present. When I unwrap it I find a beautiful blue dress and a silver locking collar. The collar is actually a slaves collar Joan tells me but this one is subtle as the word slave is not engraved on it. She puts the collar on me and then tells me to put on the dress. The dress is beautiful and tightly follows my figure, enhancing my female forms. But also it is very short and low cut. Suddenly I am starting to get a bit worried about the twinkle in Joan’s eyes. Joan also seems to realise the change of atmosphere. She orders me to put my hands behind my back and quickly ties my thumbs with a nasty thin shoe string. Satisfied she taps my butt and says. "Good girl!"

Now I start to get really worried! What does she have in mind? Joan pulls me down on her lap and kisses me. "Oh Susan", she says, "you look so beautiful when you are worried".

I hide my face in her neck and whisper in a small voice. "Please mistress, tell me what you have in mind".

Joan laughs and strokes the back of my head. "You will see, my dear you will see", she says mysteriously.

After a bit of cuddling we stand up. Joan puts high heel shoes on my bare feet. I hate these shoes and still find it difficult to walk on them. But what can you do with your thumbs tied behind your ass. Then I am marched outside and put in the passenger seat of the car and buckled up. Joan leaves me to gather some things and then locks up the house. Then we start driving. I am very afraid and anxious now.

On the highway Joan starts stroking the soft flesh of my inner thigh. This relaxes me a bit and makes me aware again of the thing inside me. We drive quite a long while. I relax with my eyes closed, focussing on the caressing of my so sensitive inner thigh. Then she explains my assignment and the onset of arousal and my relaxed state vaporises. I completely lose myself, struggle to get loose and swear at my mistress. A lot of really painful squeezing of my inner thigh is necessary before I quiet down again. I am almost in tears. Then we drive into a town. Joan parks in a remote corner of a parking lot. Discretely I am pulled out of the car, my thumbs are untied. Joan puts a 50€ bill and a list with instructions in my hands and drives off.

Here I am in a strange town at the edge of a parking lot wearing nothing but a sexy skirt which clings to my body because I sweated from fear. I check my make up in a car mirror, luckily that is not a mess I think. Then I straighten my dress. When I feel the chastity belt I see the fun of it as well. At least I will not get raped. I decide to make the best of it. If I have to do this I will do it with style. Standing tall pushing my chest out I walk towards the hardware store. The stupid high heels make me wiggle my hips at each step. It also increases the sensation of the mysterious thing inside myself.

When I come closer to the hardware store I realise what a devil Joan is. The place is crowded with men. I am just about the only woman! Oh my God, they are staring. I must look really out of place, and hot too. Carry on I say to myself stare straight ahead. I can feel their eyes burning in my ass as I wiggle past them.

Inside I look at the list Joan gave me. I have to buy ropes chains and padlocks. I try to focus on my task but feel so naked at the same time. These men are really bad, they do not even try to hide their staring and point me out to each other. It almost seems as if Joan has been preparing all this. Some things are really low on shelves and I have to lower myself carefully in order not to expose myself. Other things are so high that I have to reach out for them almost pulling the skirt over my ass. Finally I have gathered everything including finding an attendant to cut the stupid chain. I take my rather heavy load to the cash desk. Red faced I place everything on the belt. I might as well scream bondage, looking at all the items I have to buy.

Finally I am outside again. Next is the pharmacy. That should be relatively easy. Being 18 I would normally already be embarrassed buying the stuff I have to buy now. Dressed like a call girl on duty it is even worse! The Durex play stuff is easily collected. But the bloody condoms are nowhere to find! It turns out I have to ask for them at the cash register with three older women standing around me. I can see them shaking their heads in the mirror. Hastily I hurry outside again. Almost done.

Now I need to walk to the cafeteria where Joan waits for me. It is a long walk, made longer by the high heels. I am now very much aware of the thing inside me, it is making me really horny. Also I am thinking of a way to take revenge on Joan. Sweaty, angry and aroused I arrive at the cafeteria. Joan is sitting at a table in the middle. She meets me like a big sister, hugging me and then telling me off in a loud voice about my sexy appearance. "Look at you", she says, "that dress almost does not cover you and leaves nothing for imagination". It seems everybody inside is agreeing with this. Then I finally sit down. I kick off the killing heels and slump in the chair.

Oh my God! The thing inside me starts trembling. Joan looks at me and smiles. "Surprise!"

The trembling makes me very horny, but I manage to keep a normal experience. Joan chats with me about things which I cannot remember. I sip my drink, enjoying my state of arousal. After a while Joan somehow increases the trembling inside me. I feel an orgasm building up. I cannot keep up my composure anymore. I cry out unexpectedly and drop my head on the table. I feel my whole body contracting and I come violently. Joan holds me tight and talks in a loud voice about my migraine attacks. The second orgasm hits me while Joan secretly squeezes my nipple. Then mercifully the trembling stops. The waitress has brought a glass of water. Joan pretends to give me a paracetamol and I pretend to swallow it with the water which I eagerly drink.

Finally Joan decides it is time to go. We walk a long way to her car while I have to carry my bag and Joan’s shopping. Back at the car my thumbs are discretely tied again and I am transported back the way we came with the trembling inside me set to the max and another two orgasms within 15 minutes after we start driving. Then luckily the batteries are dead and I collapse in the seat. Drowsy and very content with being Joan’s slave I watch my mistress driving. I love her. I will do everything for her….
