---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/myfirsttime.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: My First Time
authors:
- The Latex Girl
tags:
- M/f
- rom
- latex
- catsuit
- sheet
- bond
- cuffs
- bfold
- gag
- first
- oral
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2013-08-18 00:00:00
---

Whenever I meet people on the net and discuss my passion for rubber and bondage,
one of the first really serious questions is normally, how did you get started
or have you always been a rubberist. I’ve found these questions being asked
with such regularity I thought that it would be worth my while write it down.
Think of it as a comparison if you’re already versed with the joys of rubber
or as a road map if you’re thinking of ‘converting’ your partner.

Well, how did it all start for me? Very normally, I’m afraid. It all started
about two years ago. I was 26 and single, I had broken up on my first really
serious relationship, not recently but recently enough to enjoy being single
again. We had met in college and spent three years together. One happy one,
one ok-ish one and one thoroughly awful one. On graduating I had split with
my partner and never really seen him again. I had left college and gone straight
into a well paid graduate type job.

In no time I was solvent again and able to start enjoying life. I started
dating but never really got very serious, where I lived most of the men were
real jerks, but they were fun in their own way. And then it happened.

I had been invited to a friend’s wedding, so naturally I went along. I had
met this friend whilst I had been on training for my job, we had a fair bit
in common and became good friends. As luck would have it, her fiancee had invited
a load of his college ex-coursemates to the wedding. I couldn’t believe my luck.
These guys were really charming, humorous and generally good fun to be with.

I don’t know if it was the champagne or the occasion, though I ended up spending
the evening and then the night with a guy called Ben. He was very nice, quite
but not too tall, musclely but not a bodybuilder and capped with a wicked sense
of humour. Despite our drunken state, Ben provided to be a good shag. He knew
what to do and seemed to enjoy doing it to me.

I was still in his bed the next morning, so we ended up having breakfast in
bed together and then went walking around the hotel grounds talking about life
and stuff. Eventually, we had to go. We exchanged telephone numbers and decided
to get in touch in the near future.

To cut a long story short, we decided to keep seeing each other even though
we lived in different parts of the country. I was living in Bristol and Ben
in London, but the train only ever used to take about two hours, so it wasn’t
too much of a hardship.

We had spent a couple of weekends visiting each other and generally staying
in bed and shagging, ordering pizzas, the normal long distance relationship
thing. I went to see Ben for the weekend and he seemed to spend the whole of
our Friday night being strangely distant, it was very out of character for him.

Eventually, I asked him what the problem was. He asked me to sit down. I couldn’t
believe it, he was so serious, so earnest, it was obviously going to be something
really important. The options passed through my mind, marriage, we had only
been together for about six weeks, did he want to dump me, well he seemed happy.
Was it something really serious, did he have an incurable disease, cancer, aids
- oh shit.

Ben started, it was most unlike him he was stuttering and stammering all over
the place. Eventually, he came out with his statement, that he preferred to
dress for making love.

Well that didn’t seem to difficult, I told him that I really didn’t mind wearing
sexy underwear if it turned him on. It didn’t seem to settle his conscience,
he carried on, but at least he could string his argument together now. Ben told
me that he enjoyed dressing up for sex and all of his ex-girlfriends had had
a real problem dealing with it. He went on to say that they really didn’t like
the sort of things that he wanted to and wanted them to wear.

Naturally, I was intrigued by this, Ben was almost talking as a riddle, I
was desperate to get to the bottom of it. What was it that was so strange for
Ben to enjoy, I had to know. I stopped Ben and told him to tell me what it was
that he liked in one, just one word.

Ben replied with rubber. I was shocked, not knowing anything about rubber
at the time, how could one little thing like this have come between Ben and
his previous girlfriends. I wasn’t the most liberal person in the world though
I was damn sure that one little word wouldn’t get to me like that.

Ben looked at me and asked me if I wanted to leave now. I told Ben that I
wasn’t going to let one little word come between us. I then continued telling
him that I knew nothing about rubber, which at that time was completely true,
and asked him to demonstrate what he meant. Ben looked rather shocked, though
he didn’t need to be told twice, he shot off into the bedroom, told me not to
peek and shut the door.

Naturally, I was rather curious, I went up to the door and started listening.
I couldn’t hear a great deal, just some grunting and something that sounded
a bit like someone snapping a rubber band repeatedly. After about ten minutes,
Ben told me that he was ready, he asked me to shut my eyes and wait for him.
I went back to the lounge and closed my eyes, covering them with my hands to
be extra safe.

I heard the bedroom door open and the sound of Ben walking down the hallway,
he sounded much quieter than normal. I could feel him come close to me, then
I could suddenly smell something. It was a strange sweet smell not like any
perfume. Ben told me I could now open my eyes.

I opened them and could hardly believe what I was seeing. Ben had been transformed
into an ebony statue, he was completely black from the top of his head to his
feet, and he was so shiny too. I didn’t know what to say, I was just lost for
words, eventually I just stumbled out a wow. Ben asked me if I was put off by
what I saw. I told him that I wasn’t, just a bit shocked and intrigued.

Ben sat me down and started telling me all about rubber and then bondage.
It seemed now that he was in rubber he was a lot more talkative and open about
things. From everything he said, I couldn’t really find anything that I thought
was abhorrent. I knew that I should take the plunge and have a go.

I told Ben that I would like to try, try what I wasn’t sure, but I wanted
to see what it was like. Ben told me that he didn’t have anything that would
fit me, but we could try a few things and if I really liked it we could always
go shopping on Saturday. After all, he explained this was London and there were
plenty of shops that could satisfy our needs.

We went back into the bedroom and Ben pulled out a huge rubber sheet and started
to put it onto the bed. As he did this I got undressed. Once he was finished,
he suggested that I got onto the bed, of course I did without a moments hesitation.
The rubber sheet was unreal, it was so cool and welcoming. I started to squirm
around on the bed, Ben looked at me telling me that we couldn’t have any of
that. What would he do to stop me I replied. Ben then showed me the manacles.

First he attached them to my ankles, then from the bottom of the bed frame
he pulled up a chain. First he attached my left ankle to a chain on the left
hand side of the bed. Then he attached my right ankle to a chain on the right
hand side of the bed. The process was somewhat stimulating, I could feel myself
becoming more and more excited.

Ben then repeated the process with my wrists, attaching them to the top corners
of the bed. I knew now that I was completely helpless and at his mercy, yet
I felt so excited. I could hardly wait to find out what he was going to do next.
Ben pulled out some things from his wardrobe. He asked me to open my mouth as
wide as possible, I did, and had it filled with an enormous rubber ball. As
Ben secured it to my head, he told me that it was a ball gag, and that it was
completely safe. Next he covered my eyes with a rubber blindfold and secured
that to my head as well.

I lay on the bed tingling with excitement, what would happen next. I didn't really
care as long as something did happen. All of a sudden I felt a weight on my
stomach, Ben was straddling me. He started playing with my nipples. It felt
kind of strange, Ben doing it with rubber gloves on, but it certainly felt nice.
Then it felt like something was attached to my nipples, it was a different sensation
to Ben’s fingers, but it was a wonderful feeling nevertheless.

I tried to groan in appreciation, but the gag effectively silenced me, I was
rapidly approaching ecstasy. I felt Ben get off me, then I felt something around
my sex. It was Ben’s tongue, he started giving me some serious head. I could
feel myself being drawn closer and closer to some huge orgasm. Ben could tell
it too, and he kept stopping to draw out the process. Eventually, I was too
much for him to control. I came, the orgasm rippling through my body. I could
feel myself trying to moan into the gag, as my body tighten and then relaxed,
I could feel the manacles digging at my ankles and wrists. It was a truly devine
experience.

Ben gave me a few minutes to regain my composure. Slowly I could feel his
rubberclad sex filling me. He felt so good inside me, it was almost indescribable.
After what he had done for me, I really wanted to make sure that he enjoyed
his orgasm as much as I had enjoyed mine. I could feel Ben thrusting in and
out, then just as his rhythm started to change, I could feel another orgasm.
I held it as much as I could and as soon as Ben started to cum I just let go.
Another intense orgasm, both of us together.

Eventually, we finished, Ben released me and removed the gag and the blindfold.
"Did you enjoy it?" he asked.

"Did I look like I was having fun?" We both laughed.

The next day we did go shopping, just for me, but that’s another story.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=1067.0)
