---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'The Leather Twins Part Two: Amy & Susan'
authors:
- Anne Gray
tags:
- FF-ff
- kidnap
- bond
- leather
- latex
- shave
- oral
- sex
- toys
- nc
- X
---

(story continues from [**The Leather Twins Part One: Collecting the Set**](leather_twins01.html))_

_**Part Two - Amy & Susan**_

_**Chapter 3 – The Initiation of Amy.**_

_After a few hours sleep Karen and I met in the kitchen for coffee and
breakfast.  Then, dressed in tight one-piece black vinyl swimsuits
and matching knee boots, we went through to the playroom.  Our house
is a sprawling ranch bungalow on four acres of land.  It has a three-car
garage and the playroom is behind the garage through a door hidden in the
back of a spare bedroom closet.  The design is such that unless you
know where to look, or are looking down from directly above, the windowless
addition is not readily noticeable._

_Susan had been immobilized the longest so we started with her. 
At the first touch of our hands she started moaning through the gag and
head covering and continued to make plaintive noises as we removed the
leather items restraining her body._

_When she was completely naked from the neck down we strapped her wrists
together behind her back and pulled her over to the washroom area. 
I forced her to sit on the toilet while Karen pulled on a disposable plastic
glove and reached in the remove the butt plug and dildo.  When Susan
finished emptying her bladder we moved her over to stand in the oversized
shower area and used plastic ties to fix her wrists to chrome rings on
opposite walls and her ankles, legs about two feet apart, to floor rings._

_Only now did we take off the gag strap, unlace the helmet, remove the
tape around her mouth and pull out the gag.  As the blindfold came
off she blinked at the light, saw the glass of water in my hand and drank
as I held it for her.  When I was nearly empty Karen surprised her
by forcing a plastic ball gag between her teeth and fastening it behind
her head._

_The fun began when we each donned soft mitts, turned on the shower,
and started to soap her body.  It was hard to resist spending extra
time with my fingers around her crotch so I didn’t and she writhed trying
to escape them.  When Karen finished washing our captive’s long black
hair I rinsed off the soap and we used heavy towels to dry her. With the
gag still in we dressed her in a soft terry cloth robe, tied her firmly
into one of our special wheelchairs, and went repeat the entire process
with Amy. Since neither knew the other had also been “acquired” it was
funny to see the surprised look on Susan’s face as Amy’s helmet came off
and she recognized her sister.  Amy’s reaction a few moments later
was just as good._

_When we finished Amy’s cleanup we wheeled them through to the kitchen
and warned them that when the gags were removed it was only so they could
eat the light breakfast we had prepared; any talking would be severely
punished.  Despite the warning Amy had only taken a few mouthfuls
when she started to scream at us and the gag was promptly reinserted. 
Susan was sobbing quietly but also had a plastic ball forced between her
teeth._

_Wheeling them back to the playroom we let them sit while we changed. 
Seeing us coming back into the room in matching black kid leather cat suits
and high- heeled leather boots made their eyes go wide.  Our long
blonde hair was held in ponytails with black leather ribbons. Everything
we needed was readily at hand and we left Susan for the time being and
both approached Amy.  First a blindfold so she could not see what
was coming then I released her right arm and twisted it out sideways so
Karen could put an elbow length kid glove on it.   Amy decided
to co-operate with the process after I grabbed a handful of hair to hold
her head still while Karen covered her gagged mouth with tape._

_Then we told her the choice was simple – do as you are told or else
and pinched her nostrils together.  After 30 seconds I let go of her
nose and she straightened her fingers so the glove went on smoothly. 
Karen laced the glove tightly to the elbow, pulled a short disposable plastic
glove over the hand to protect the leather and, squeezing Amy’s fingers
together over her thumb, taped it from wrist to fingertips._

_A tight pointed leather mitt with a metal ring at the tip completed
the process.  Attaching the ring to the arm of the chair we moved
around and did the same to her left hand.  Pulling her from the chair
we worked her into a leather jacket that had a high neck, 2” diameter holes
in each bra cup and sleeves down to the elbow.   It closed down
the back and we forced her face down on the floor attached the finger rings
to floor bolts and pulled on the laces until the edges met._

_Once the back was closed and her breasts forced out through the bra
holes we each laced one of the sleeves to the gloves.  A short strap
started at the nape of Amy’s neck, split to cross her shoulders and then
came together again and went down between her breasts to attach to the
jackets waist belt.  The end at the back of her neck held a small
snap hook and we each took one of her arms and forced them up her back
so we could slip the finger rings on to the hook._

_With her arms between her shoulder blades we ran a wide strap around
her elbows and pulled on it until her forearms were touching for their
full length.  Since we had forced them in to the same position for
the overnight hours we knew she was flexible enough to handle the strain. 
The effect was to force even more of her breasts to bulge through the holes
and we tightened laces around the base of each cup._

_We pulled her over to a leather covered doctor’s examining table we
had spent a lot of time modifying.  Once we had her back down on the
table we fitted and then strapped her feet into metal stirrups at the end
of hinged metal rods and adjusted them so her legs were bent but held wide
apart.  Straps across her waist and upper chest kept the rest of her
body still. Before taking the next step we wheeled Susan over so she had
a front row seat to see her sister’s treatment.  The table was made
with hinged flaps at either end and we dropped the one at Amy’s feet to
allow us to get close in between her legs.  As Karen worked a plastic
sheet under Amy’s buttocks I went to the sink for a bowl of warm water
and the shaving equipment._

_Karen started the job with a small pair of scissors and then I took
over and carefully shaved her crotch area.  A little astringent when
I finished, being sure not to get any in her vagina, and we were ready
to continue. Talking softly to her I told Amy to think about who had the
upper hand as I gently slid the lubricated butt plug into her puckered
rosebud.  Twisting it as I did so I moved it in and out a few times
just for fun.  Now Karen had her turn with a 7” dildo and she wasn’t
quite as gentle which drew loud grunts from the recipient.  Later
Amy would get another surprise since both items now inside her were remote
controlled vibrators loaded with fresh batteries._

_Handling her easily we pulled on a pair of latex panties followed by
kid leather toreador pants that laced down the back of each leg from knee
to ankle.  She was ready for the thigh boots with 7” heels. 
It took both of us to start the boots over each foot and they stretched
her insteps into straining arches.  They had to be laced up their
full length and we each did one, taking our time and making sure the laces
were tight, smooth and even. There was a D ring on the outside of each
knee._

_We pulled her off the table and fitted another wide belt around her
waist and under the points of her bound elbows.  Both of us pulled
at it to get it as tight as possible.  There were reinforced fastening
points around the belt and the first thing we used them for was to pull
a crotch strap between her legs and buckle it front and back._

_There were two vertical poles 30” apart on one side of the room. 
They were bolted to the floor and ceiling and we moved Amy over to stand
between them.  Short chains went from D rings on each side of the
waist belt to brackets just above waist height on the poles.  Two
additional ones went to brackets just above shoulder height from the heavy
epaulettes on her jacket. I clamped a small diameter bar between the poles just above the back
of the girl’s knees.  Standing behind her we each grabbed an ankle
and, pulling her legs off the ground, bent them up around the bar. 
We crossed them at the ankle and used strong cord to bind them together. 
More cord went through the rings at the toe of each boot and was pulled
tight to each side of the waist belt._

_Still using cord through the rings at her knees we pulled and tied her
legs wide apart to the poles.  Her tightly bound leather encased body
was now suspended between the poles and we went to work on her head. 
She was crying after we removed the ball gag and blindfold and her sister
was sobbing through her gag as she watched us complete Amy’s outfit. Rubber
plugs filled her ears and then a tight rubber bathing cap went over her
head and we tucked in her hair before pulling the chin strap tightly across
and fastening it under her left ear.  She tried to resist me filling
her mouth with a large gag that had grooves top and bottom for her teeth
but a quick twist on a nipple by Karen caused her to open wide and I pushed
it in.  Karen wrapped two or three turns of tape across Amy’s mouth
and around her head to seal the gag in place._

_Hollow leather inserts slid into her nostrils and then we fitted the
black kid leather helmet over her head and Karen laced it down the back
as I smoothed out any wrinkles.  The neck of the helmet laced to the
collar of the jacket and now just her eyes and the tops of her breasts
were free of a leather second skin. The wide gag strap buckled firmly over
her mouth and had D rings on each side just under her ears.  Cord
from the rings to the side poles held her head facing forwards and another
ring in the top of the helmet allowed us to attach a strap through it and
over a cross bar just above her head._

_Taking two narrow piece of leather ribbon we each rolled one of her
nipples between our fingers until they reacted and we knotted the ribbons
tightly, in neat bows, around their bases._

_Amy had been initiated into our leather and bondage lifestyle._

_**Chapter 4 – Susan Joins the Club!**_

_Now we turned our attention to Susan and, without bothering with a
blindfold, we worked her into a duplicate of the first part of Amy’s costume
to the point where she was strapped face up on the table with her arms
locked tightly between her shoulder blades. Her legs were bent and held
wide apart in the stirrups.  I looked over at Amy and saw she had
her eyes closed so I went over and tapped her on the cheek.  When
she opened her eyes I signaled her to keep them open or I would tape the
lids apart.  We wanted her to watch what happened to her sister._

_During the process of shaving Susan’s bush Karen mentioned that she
was getting a little worked up and I admitted to similar feelings. 
We decided to use Susan and get some relief. I pulled out the plastic ball
gag and replaced it with a threaded ring gag that strapped around her head
and held her jaws wide apart.  Karen then gathered the girl’s hair
into two ponytails one above each ear.  I screwed the base of a dildo
into the ring gag and then lowered the table to just above knee height._

_Karen stripped off her boots and catsuit while I buckled a strap-on
in position at my crotch level. My sister climbed on the table and settled
with her knees on either side of Susan’s shoulders.  She gripped a
ponytail in each hand and gradually pulled the girl’s head up off the table
while lowering herself on to the mouth-mounted dildo. I moved to kneel
between our victim’s legs and inserted, first a lubricated battery powered
butt plug into her rosebud, which I turned on, and then, my strap-on into
her vagina. Slowly pumping my hips I reached my arms around and gently
massaged Karen’s swollen breasts.  It wasn’t long before my sister’s
breathing became faster.  She had her head back as she rode the dildo
in and out.  Sometimes when it was fully buried she held it for a
moment so the girl’s breath, panting out through her nose, caressed Karen’s
clitoris._

_A few minutes more of this action and Karen let out a yell and sagged
in relief.  She let Susan’s head fall back on the table and when this
happened I pulled out of the girl, stripped off my clothes, and changed
places with Karen.  It was marvelous. By the time I was satisfied
Susan was crying hysterically around the gag and Amy’s eyes were wide with
shock at what she had seen.  While I was recovering Karen picked up
the remote control, pointed it at Amy, and turned on the vibrators buried
inside her.  Even with all the restraints holding her she still jerked
about on the chains as the vibrators came on.  We let them run only
while we got dressed again then shut them off and returned to complete
Susan’s outfit._

_We unscrewed the dildo and replaced it with a penis gag for now. 
The butt plug was still imbedded up Susan’s rear end so I turned it off
and replaced the batteries while Karen pushed a 7” dildo deeply into the
girl’s vagina.  In short order we added latex panties, the skintight
leather toreador pants and stilt heeled knee boots. After lacing the boots
we pulled her off the table and to her feet then tightened a crotch strap
in place.  She could barely walk as we moved her over to a special
item we had designed and had made by a local ironworker.  He thought
it was some sort of garden hanger for plants but after we modified the
basic unit it became part of our bondage equipment._

_A strong ½” diameter steel rod was set in a deep floor socket. 
About 8” above floor level two short bars jutted out sideways.  The
rest of the rod was straight to crotch height where it was welded to a
2” wide flat piece of metal that then bent back and up to follow the curve
of a persons buttocks.  It then shaped to the small of the back before
splitting into rods that formed a V on either side of the arm pouch. Also
at crotch height another strip of metal came forwards, then up and split
to end at the hipbones.  What we had was a narrow metal saddle. 
Needless to say Susan tried to struggle as we lifted her and worked her
into the saddle.  When her weight was on the crotch piece we settled
the arching insteps of her boots on the short bars.  The rod then
adjusted until her legs were taking some of the weight and we strapped
her legs to it just above the knee._

_Using a decorative strap with a buckle on either side to hold her ankles
firmly against the vertical rod made it look like they were part of the
boot design instead of a restraint.  The soles and heels of the boots
were barely ½” off the floor.  We fastened straps through slots
in the bars at the small of her back around to the front and pulled them
tight to the ones at the hipbones.  A further strap went from the
top of the V rods on either side of her doubled up arms across her chest
just above her breasts and was fastened securely._

_Her body, from the neck down, was now held so rigidly that the only
motion was the rise and fall of her chest as she breathed.  Gradually
we were turning her into an armless store mannequin. The next step was
a beautiful knee length black leather dress that Karen fetched from the
closet.  To get it on I stood behind Susan and bent down slightly
to wrap my arms around her at hip level.  Straightening my legs I
lifted up until the rod came out of the floor socket.  Karen slipped
the dress up over the booted feet until it was clear and I let the girl
settle back in place._

_The dress opened down the front and had extra wide lapel like flaps
up to a high collar.  We worked the garment up until the skirt was
snug around her legs and pulled it the rest of the way to fit over her
shoulders.  A pouch for her arms was designed into the back. Partially
closing one zipper to just above her waist, it ran from the lower end of
the front opening to over her right breast, we added a wide matching belt. 
Now we went to work on her head.  Removing the gag and ignoring her
pleas to stop we plugged her ears and again covered her hair with a tight
rubber bathing cap that fastened under her left ear._

_A new gag filled her mouth holding her jaws wide apart and, like Amy’s,
it had grooves for her teeth.  Two or three turns of tape sealed it
in place and we slid in the hollow nostril inserts.  I smoothed out
any wrinkles as Karen laced on the kid leather discipline helmet until
it formed like a second skin to her face and head.  Additional laces
attached the neck of the helmet to the collar of the jacket._

_We knotted thin leather ribbons around her nipples and then tucked the
left lapel across under the right one and closed the inside zip all the
way.  Another wide designer zipper now closed the right lapel to just
under her left collarbone.  I lifted the high collar of the dress
to allow Karen to fit a wide leather chocker band around Susan’s throat
and do up the three decorative buckles at the front. The top of the dress
collar now folded down over the band with the buckles visible under her
chin and the wing tips fastened down with fancy clasps.  Her head
was thereby held firmly; chin up, facing straight ahead.  I visited
the closet for a black pageboy style wig and waited while my sister finished
tightening the gag strap that matched the helmet before settling it in
place on Susan’s head._

_Once it was brushed out to frame the girl’s leather encased face we
pulled in the waist belt another notch and stepped back to study our beautiful
statue clad in sleek black leather. There were lots of items laying around
the playroom that needed to be cleaned or put away and the van still had
to be emptied.  We decided to have lunch before we started but I couldn’t
resist picking up the cape we had bought Amy home in and draping over Susan’s
shoulders.  Closing the full-length zipper I reached in through the
arm slots to adjust the half belt and knotted it firmly in a neat bow centered
on her waist._

_Her eyes were pleading with me as I stood in front of her and lifted
the hood to frame her face.  We then left the two sisters with nowhere
to look except at each other, covered in gleaming leather, restrained unmercifully
and went for lunch.  They were identical twins and we, a few years
older, were also identical._

_In both cases you could refer to us as “THE LEATHER TWINS”._

_15.05.06_

_o0o_

_story continues in [**The Leather Twins Part Three: The First Day Continues**](leather_twins03.html)

o0o
