---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/transformation/storiessz/volunteering_to_watch_her.html
subcategory: Buried & Sinking
title: Volunteering to Watch Her
authors:
- Andie
tags:
- MF
- transform
- caught
- majick
- naked
- strip
- mast
- anal
- stuck
- toys
- permanent
- cons
- X
date: 2024-11-24 00:00:00
---

**Volunteering to Watch Her**

*When a man catches his girlfriend getting ready for camming, an accident happens that causes her webcam to break. He didn’t know about her camming, but is ok with it, so he somehow turns himself into a camera for her to use.*

It was an evening like so many others for Ashley. Her boyfriend, Sam, was at his place playing video games while she was by herself at home. Some girlfriends might be jealous or upset that he wasn’t there to pay attention to her, but she wasn’t. In fact, it was convenient because she had to work that evening and she didn’t want him to know about it.

Sam didn’t know that she was a camgirl who entertained horny men and women live almost every evening. Ashley’s day job was as a part-time online marketing manager at a local company, but she didn’t care much for it nor did she need the money as most of her income came from her camgirl work. However, she did need to appear to have a “legitimate” job so that her boyfriend wouldn’t ask questions since she didn’t want him to know about it.

She especially didn’t want him to know about how much she loved it. Ashley was an exhibitionist at heart and absolutely loved showing off her body and what it was capable of: the dirtier the performance the better. She could easily have three orgasms in a single camming session which was part of why she was so popular. People can usually tell if the girl was faking it or if it was real. Her passion for it was also contagious infecting her viewers with a desire to part with their money and to keep coming back for more.

On the night of the incident, Ashley was getting ready for her camming session. She had just finished with her makeup and putting on a short, black dress that hugged her body like a second skin. It was short enough that it would ride up while she walked, exposing her well-toned ass cheeks, and was also semi-transparent which she made especially provocative by wearing nothing but a black thong underneath.

Standing in front of the desk with her computer and webcam, she was struggling to put her second heel on. She wore eight-inch Pleaser heels with a two-inch platform similar to what most strippers wear. They were ultra sexy and yet incredibly comfortable for long-term wear for being high heels.

As Ashley precariously stood on one heeled foot trying to slip the other heel on, she heard a gasp from the door to her room behind her immediately followed by a shocked, “What the hell’s going on?!”

This unwelcome surprise caused Ashley to jump and lose her balance falling onto the desk and knocking her computer off onto the wooden floor. The expensive camera that had been set up on a tripod but was already plugged into the computer went flying off the desk as well and hit the floor even harder than the computer.

Looking up at the door from the top of the desk, Ashley saw her boyfriend standing there frozen with shock. In his left hand, he held a small bundle of red and white roses which he now let droop towards the floor. He had never seen her dressed up like a slut before. While they had an active sex life, it usually just involved ripping each other’s clothes off and they had never bothered with sexy lingerie.

“Who are you getting dressed up for?” Sam, who still didn’t know about her evening job, asked her with real concern in his wavering voice.

“I’m so sorry, Sam! I swear I’m not getting dressed up for anyone! Let me explain.” Ashley pulled herself off the desk. Somehow, her second heel had slid into place on her foot while falling, so she stood there in her heels and dress and told him about her job as a camgirl and that her day job was just a cover.

After she had finished, several seconds of silence went by before Sam asked, “Why didn’t you tell me?”

“I was afraid you’d be mad or leave me! I started camming before we met and I didn’t want to give it up because I love it, but I also love you and don’t want to lose you!” Tears were starting to form in Ashley’s eyes. “Please don’t leave me! I swear I’ll stop! Please!”

Sam didn’t move as he watched his girlfriend break down and start sobbing. He was fighting his own emotions. On the one hand, he was shocked and somewhat disgusted by Ashley’s behavior, but on the other hand, the erection in his pants was starting to override the other feelings he had coursing through him at that moment. He decided to follow his lower head’s advice and approached the now sobbing woman in front of him.

“Hey, hey, listen,” he told her as he pulled her in for a hug that was awkward because she was slightly taller than him in her ultra-high heels. “It’s ok. I’m not going anywhere. I love you too and I just want you to be happy.”

Ashley looked down at his face. His unexpected reply confused her, so she could only muster to ask, “What?”

“I’m not going anywhere at all and you can keep camming. I’m happy that you’re happy with it, but I do have one condition: no more secrets,” Sam said and smiled at her. “Oh, and I wouldn’t mind watching sometimes.”

“Really? Are you serious? You don’t care if your girlfriend strips and fucks herself in front of strangers for money?”

“No, it’s your body and your life so who am I to stop you?” Sam shrugged. “It’s not like you’re going out and meeting other guys who might take you away from me.”

Ashley pulled him into a tight hug. “You’re the best boyfriend ever!” Then, holding him at arm’s length, she asked, “I still have a scheduled show tonight that I’m now late for. Do you want to watch?”

Sam didn’t have to think twice. “Definitely!”

“Great! Then help me get everything set back up. You'll have to sit off to the side out of sight of the camera and not say a word. I don't want anyone knowing you're there.”

"Sounds good. Now, let's get you set back up."

Sam grabbed her computer from the floor, inspected it for damage, then put it back on her desk once he had decided it looked fine. Meanwhile, Ashley went for the camera.

“Fuck! My camera’s broken!” she exclaimed as she picked it and its pieces off the floor. “What am I going to do now?”

Sam, looking at the camera pieces in her hands, replied, “Doesn’t your laptop have a built-in camera?”

“Yeah, but it’s old and barely works.”

“What about your phone?”

“Yes, but it’s too small. I can’t see what I’m recording or what people are writing in the chat.” Ashley sat down on her bed dejectedly.

“I have an idea!” Sam said, then began stripping.

“What are you doing?”

“Just wait, you’ll see,” he said as he struggled to get his right arm out of his sleeve. “I said no more secrets, right? Well, now it’s my turn to share one with you.”

Ashley just sat there glaring at him. She was upset about the broken camera and her boyfriend’s cryptic, strange behavior wasn’t exactly helping.

Once Sam was completely naked, he said, “Ok, so my idea is that I’m going to be your new camera! I’m going to be a much better quality one than your old one.“

Now Ashley was even more confused and starting to lose her patience. “What are you talking about? I still don’t see how you getting naked is going to help me! And how are you going to *be* my camera?”

“I come from an ancient family of wizards, witches and magicians. Our strength has always been metamorphosis, or transformations. I can become almost anything I set my mind to.” Sam smiled at her.

Ashley didn’t reply as her anger boiled over. “What the hell are you even talking about? Wizards? Really? Are you drunk?”

Sam wasn’t surprised by her reaction. It was the reason he had kept it a secret in the first place. No one believed that wizards and witches existed anymore which meant that keeping it a secret was usually the best course of action.

“Just watch.”

Ashley watched him close his eyes and start to mumble out loud to himself. As he did, she felt the hair on her arms and the back of her neck start to raise as though there was a lot of static in the air. Several seconds went by where nothing else happened, then suddenly lots of things happened at once.

Sam’s body began collapsing into itself, shrinking and becoming boxier. Sam’s face was starting to push forwards into a cylinder while his eyes merged into a single eye at the center of it. The eye lost all of its defining features as it became glossy and hollow. Ashley gasped as she recognized that his face and eyes were turning into a camera lens.

*What the actual fuck? He’s really turning into a camera!* she thought.

By that time, Sam’s head had shrunk into his shoulders which had become boxy to form the camera’s grips. His forehead transformed into a popup flash and his mouth slid down to the bottom of his body to form the compartment for the battery. His tongue thickened into the battery. Ashley watched as his arms went entirely limp and shriveled down into narrow, nylon straps. His hands joined together to form a pad for the new camera strap. Meanwhile, his legs had started becoming shorter, thinner and stiffer while his erection grew longer turning into a literal third leg as its length and thickness matched that of his other legs. Sam had grown a tripod.

It ended as quickly as it had begun. The static in the room cleared up and in Sam’s place was an expensive-looking digital SLR camera sitting on top of a tripod. It took well over a minute for Ashley to move. She just stared at the new camera in utter disbelief. Sam had really turned himself into a camera. How was that even possible? Why would he do that just so she could use him to masturbate in front of strangers? She had so many questions but no answers.

The most burning question in her mind though was whether he would change back. If so, could he change himself back? Or would she have to do something? He hadn’t told her what to do if she needed to though, so she assumed he could do it by himself, but doubt still plagued her.

She looked over at the computer and realized that the chat had started a while ago without her. People were asking where she was. Some were worried while others were angry that she wasn’t there at the scheduled time. That brought her out of her reverie and she decided to see if the Sam-cam actually worked.

Ashley picked it up off the ground and put it on the desk where her old camera normally went. She then grabbed the USB cable from her old camera and used it to plug Sam into her laptop. Turning it on, she was relieved to see that her computer immediately recognized it and that it worked just fine. She switched her camera on in the chat and got started.

That evening’s performance was especially good. Her angry viewers were quickly pacified by the fact that she seemed especially horny and slutty which also meant that the money flowed. She came four different times during the three-hour performance which was a new record for her. By the time she was done, she was both exhausted but extremely energized by it.

After closing her laptop, she lay back on the bed and stared at the camera that used to be her boyfriend Sam. She was entirely naked apart from the heels she still had on and so she spread her legs and idly rubbed her now sore pussy. Ashley had never been hornier in her life. Just knowing that Sam had not only watched her extremely dirty performance for strangers online, but also helped her capture it, was an enormous turn on. She didn’t think she could have another orgasm, but the idea of it still kept her on edge.

Eventually, she gave up, got off the bed and went over to her desk. Grabbing her Sam-cam, she sat down on her chair, disconnected the cable running to her computer and started watching her recorded performance on the camera’s built-in screen. Ashley wondered what part of Sam the screen was but couldn’t even begin to fathom how it all worked.

She was beginning to worry about Sam. Would he turn himself back into a human? Or was there something she needed to do? She didn't know what that would be as he hadn't said anything before becoming an inanimate object. Fortunately, she didn't have to wait long for an answer.

The video suddenly paused and in its place a message appeared. It was from Sam.

“Great video! Saved to computer. Set me down on the floor.”

Ashley read it a couple of times before she realized she should do what Sam was asking her to. Getting up from the chair, she carefully tottered over in the heels she was still wearing to the spot on the floor where Sam had turned himself into the camera. She set him up on his tripod so that the lens was facing the bed, then sat down on the edge of the bed to see what would happen.

For several moments nothing at all happened and her anticipation was almost palpable. But then she felt the static in the air and knew Sam’s transformation back was starting. The tripod began to grow and as it got taller, two parts got thicker to form Sam's legs while the third began to shrink to form his penis which, as far as Ashley could tell, was going to stay a little longer and thicker than it used to be. He was certainly erect!

At the same time, the lens began to flatten back into the camera's body which was growing both outwards and upwards and becoming less square. It split into two eyes as Sam's head grew out of his broadening shoulders. The strap split in two and became thicker as it changed back into Sam's arms and hands. Hair grew out of his forming head and feet pushed out from his legs. It only took a few minutes before Sam was entirely back to being human.

Ashley watched all of this absolutely riveted. Unconsciously, she was playing with her sore clit and suddenly realized she had discovered a fetish she didn't know she had. She still didn't think she could have another orgasm, but was massively turned on by it nonetheless.

Throughout the entire transformation, Sam watched her play with herself. Fortunately, she had set him down with the lens facing her so that he could see her the whole time. He had just witnessed her self-debauchery in front of hundreds of people and had never been more turned on in his life. Now she was there in nothing but stripper heels with her legs spread masturbating because of him.

Once Sam had finished changing back, he took the couple of steps needed to reach her on somewhat wobbly feet with his very erect penis leading the way. Ashley stared at him with pure lust in her eyes. No words were said or needed. As soon as he reached her, she stopped playing with herself to pull him down towards her. As she did that, she rolled back on the bed so that she was now lying with her back on the bed with Sam on top of her holding himself up by his arms and knees. He bent down and kissed her hard and she returned it with a burning desire.

After several moments, Sam pulled back and Ashley said, "I want you."

"Me too."

"But be careful, I'm sore."

"I will."

Slowly, he entered her very wet pussy, pushing until his entire length was in her. It felt like heaven for Sam, but Ashley's face showed a different feeling.

"Ow, that really hurts. Please pull out."

"Ok, sorry."

Sam reluctantly obeyed. As he did, he sat back on his heels and could see that her lower lips were bright red and looked irritated. He then said, "You really went to town on yourself down there. No wonder it hurts."

"Yeah, I know. You being my camera really got me going. You distracted me so much that I only played with my pussy and forgot to do the usual anal part. I want to you fuck me there now."

Now it was Sam's turn to be rendered speechless. He had no idea she was up for anal as they had never done it before. It hadn't even been brought up.

"Are you sure? I wouldn't say no..."

"Definitely. There's lube in the drawer in the nightstand."

Sam reached back and grabbed it. Following Ashley's instructions, he lubed up four fingers and started pushing the first one in. It went in easily followed by the second, the third and the fourth. They all went in quick succession showing just how much experience Ashley actually had back there.

"I can't believe I got four fingers in that easily."

"Yeah, I usually fuck myself with a pretty big dildo for my show. It brings in a lot more money that way," Ashley said matter-of-factly. "Now fuck me already!"

Sam didn't need to be told twice. He lubed up his hard cock and began easing it into her butthole. He was met with little resistance but she was still tight. Ashley started moaning as he continued to slowly push himself into her until he was fully embedded in her backdoor. He was definitely smaller than her dildo, but still felt amazing inside her.

"You feel so much warmer than any of my dildos. We need to do this more often."

"Definitely!"

It may have been Ashley's idea, but Sam couldn't agree more. He also couldn't believe his luck.

"Now fuck me hard!"

Sam followed her instructions. Ashley was a moaning mess underneath him. She started rubbing her clit, but stopped pretty quickly since it was way too sore. Despite that, Ashley could feel an orgasm building. She had never cum without clitoral stimulation before much less from anal by itself.

Sam pumped in and out of her at a furious pace. It only took a few minutes of that to push Ashley over the top and into her fifth orgasm of the night. Her whole body shook and her vision blurred as she saw stars. She screamed with pleasure. It was not only her fifth orgasm, but also the most intense one she had had in a very long time.

Seeing Ashley cum like that brought Sam dangerously close to the edge. Once she had recovered, he said, "I'm going to cum soon."

"Yes! In me. Cum in my ass!"

They often had sex without protection, but he had never been allowed to really cum in her before. The thought brought him over the edge.

"YEESSS!!!"

Sam pushed in to the hilt and came deep in her rectum. Ashley could feel her ass being filled by his cum which caused a mini-orgasm to rip through her body. This was definitely something they were going to be doing a lot more of.

That night profoundly changed their sex life. With the full support of her boyfriend, Ashley not only continued to cam, but quit her part-time "cover" job. She cammed four or five evenings every week and became very popular. The reason was her extremely passionate performances. Her audience could clearly see that she enjoyed what she did with every fiber of her being with multiple orgasms so intense that they could only be real.

What her fans didn't know and wouldn't understand was that it was all due to her camera. Sam transformed into it for every show and no matter how often she watched him, it never became less of a turn-on. Add in the fact that her boyfriend was watching and even recording her coupled with the anticipation of some very intense anal sex afterwards and she couldn't help but be a hot, horny mess for her shows.

This went on for several years and they eventually moved in together and got married. They both developed a strong transformation fetish and began to explore other possibilities, but those stories are best saved for another time.

#### **Alternative Ending: Stuck as Her Camera**

She was beginning to worry about Sam. Would he turn himself back into a human? Or was there something she needed to do? She didn't know what that would be as he hadn't said anything before becoming an inanimate object. Fortunately, she didn't have to wait long for an answer.

The video suddenly paused and in its place a message appeared. It was from Sam and said:

“Great video! Saved to computer. Set me down on the floor.”

Ashley read it a couple of times before she realized she should do what Sam was asking her to. Getting up from the chair, she carefully tottered over in the heels she was still wearing to the spot on the floor where Sam had turned himself into the camera. She set him up on his tripod so that the lens was facing the bed, then sat down on the edge of the bed to see what would happen.

For several moments nothing at all happened and her anticipation was almost palpable. What was he waiting for? Wasn’t he going to turn back now?

A ping sounded from the camera which meant there was another message from Sam. Getting to the camera as quickly as her heels allowed, she picked it up and started to read.

“Have a problem. Don’t know how to turn back.”

Ashley read and re-read the message all the while trying to stave off the panic she felt rising in her as the worries she had already had were starting to become true.

“What do you mean you don’t know how to turn back?” she asked the camera in her hands.

A moment later, it pinged again. “As a camera, I can’t say the transformation spell.”

Ashley stared at the small screen for a moment, then asked, “Can I say it for you?”

A few seconds passed before Sam’s answer appeared on the screen: “No.”

Ashley was too stunned to say anything right away. The implications were too terrible to properly comprehend. Before she could figure out how to reply, another message showed up on the screen.

“Wizards can only transform themselves.”

"And you have to say the spell out loud to do that?"

"Yes."

"Another wizard can't transform you back? You said you came from a family of wizards. What if we asked one of them for help?"

The moments that it took Sam to reply seemed to stretch on forever for Ashley.

"No, doesn't work that way. Can only transform himself."

Ashley stared silently at the camera for a long time before she could figure out how to respond. "And you didn't know that before you transformed yourself?"

"Knew it. Was distracted by hot girlfriend."

"So you've never changed yourself into an object before?"

"No, not a good idea."

“Obviously! So now what? Are you stuck as a camera forever?"

"Probably."

Despite, or most likely because of, the situation, she felt herself getting turned on. She was definitely a kinky girl and had read all sorts of erotic stories online, but she would never have considered herself a transformation fetishist.

"And you're absolutely sure there's nothing I can do?” Ashley asked as she began to feel calmer about the situation.

“No. It’s 3:36 am. Sleep. Good night my love.”

Soon after the last message, the camera turned itself off and Ashley couldn’t get it to turn back on no matter how many times she pressed the power button. Apparently, Sam had decided the conversation was over. She took him back over to her desk and set him down on his tripod. At this point, exhaustion was starting to dominate the turmoil of emotions coursing through Ashley, so she sat down, took off her heels and got ready for bed. She was turned on, but still too sore to do anything about it, so she just settled into her blankets and before long was sound asleep.

The next morning, Ashley woke up fairly late. Sitting up in her bed, she stretched, then looked over at Sam who was still perched on his tripod on the desk exactly as she had left him the night before.

*So, that wasn't a dream after all*, she thought. *Well, let's see if it'll turn on now.*

She got out of the bed and walked over to the camera. Even though she wasn't consciously aware of it, she had somehow started to classify him as an it. She hadn't even said "good morning" to him.

Picking up the camera, Ashley pressed the power button. This time it fired right up. After waiting for it to start, she could see that there were no messages from Sam, but that the battery was fairly empty. Fortunately, the charging cable from the old camera worked with her new one and as soon as she had plugged it in, it began to charge. She set it back down on its tripod and went to start her morning.

It wasn't until a couple of hours had gone by that she returned to check on the camera. The battery was mostly charged and this time there was a message from Sam:

"Charging feels gooood. Continuous orgasm."

Ashley smiled deviously. *This might be more fun than I thought.*

She had no idea where this masochistic, dominant streak was coming from, but she suddenly felt a rush of power over Sam and actually felt happy, not to mention extremely turned on, by the fact that he was stuck as her camera. He was hers to do with what she wanted and he had absolutely no say in the matter whatsoever.

The thought turned Ashley on so much that she decided to finish last night’s unfinished business. She grabbed her camming bag with her toys, took off her clothes, and set the camera up so that it was pointing at the bed again. Of course, she left it plugged in. After all, she wouldn’t want Sam to miss out on his continuous orgasm.

She pulled out a Hitachi wand, some lube and one of the thick dildos she hadn’t used the night before. Lying on her back on the bed, she spread her legs so that the camera could get a great view of her. Taking some lube, she rubbed a little bit on her still-sore clit, then moved further down to her butthole and started sliding a finger in and out. That quickly went up to two, then three and finally four fingers. Even though she and Sam had never had anal sex, she still had quite a bit of experience there since she usually did anal on camera. She had been too distracted to remember to do the anal part of her show last night which was a blessing now though because it meant she wasn’t sore there.

The thought of Sam watching her play with her ass and the surprise he probably felt made her very wet. She grabbed the dildo, lubed it up and pressed it against her asshole. One firm push sent it all the way to the hilt. This was her favorite for anal even though it was thicker than what she would normally fuck her pussy with. She used it almost every night for camming.

Ashley didn’t need the Hitachi wand to cum this time. As she gave herself a thorough anal fucking, pounding the dildo in and out of herself with both hands, she could feel the orgasm building in her. Thinking about using Sam to record herself performing a sexual act he had never seen her do before as a human sent her over the edge. She came and came hard. It was her first anal orgasm.

In the afterglow of her incredible climax, she imagined herself cumming like that for her shows while Sam was forced to watch. Now that he was stuck as her camera, she was going to take full advantage of it. She could even quit her “cover” job and become a full-time camgirl!

And that is exactly what she did. She was able to concentrate on her show and successfully build up her audience so that she earned more than ever before. One of the major porn studios even sent her an offer which she accepted without hesitation. *In for a penny, in for a pound(ing*), she thought and giggled.

For a while after Sam turned himself into her camera, she continued to check in on him every day. He would reply via the messages on the screen and confirm that he was doing fine and still alive. One of the first messages that came was to ask her not to leave him plugged in unless he absolutely needed to charge. This was because Sam was afraid he would lose his mind to the continuous orgasm he felt while his battery was charging. Ashley respected this wish at first, but as time went on, the novelty of her Sam-cam wore off and she just left him plugged in all the time.

After a two-week stint of being plugged in without a break, Ashley decided to check on him. Sam still responded, but his message was just a collection of letters and numbers that made no sense. It was clear his mind had broken.

That evening, Ashley put on an especially good performance again as the thought of Sam being nothing but a horny camera permanently stuck in a state of perpetual orgasm while his horny girlfriend used him every night to perform dirty acts for the internet turned her on something fierce.

Ashley couldn't have been happier with the way things turned out.
