---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Twisted 2: Revenge is Best Served Cold'
authors:
- Chris Powell
tags:
- F/f
- kidnap
- bond
- outdoors
- bdsm
- tape
- wrap
- toys
- nc
- X
date: 2007-10-03 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Twisted 1: Julies Story**](twisted.html))

**Chapter Two - Revenge is Best Served Cold**

Julie had waited for this day, now she would have her revenge and find out who the
others were that did the unspeakable torture to her many years ago. She had found Nanny, one
day on her early morning run she had seen her. She lived only a few houses down the road. "She
was married and living so close!" Julie thought to herself. Julie had planned this day now she
would have her first taste of revenge.

Tuesday morning early, Julie had noticed that Nanny was
left alone in the house. Her husband had left and was gone all day. Where?  Julie did not care.
She had planned this so carefully. She had watched them through the windows, studied them
closely. Finally what she had waited for had happened. Nanny and her husband had had a fight last
night. He slept on the couch downstairs and Nanny sleep up stairs.

"Perfect" Julie thought.

The
next morning she watched as Nanny's husband left as he always did. Now was her chance. She
made her way up the steps and opened the door with her lock set. She entered the house and
silently made her way upstairs. She waited as listened at the bedroom door. She opened it slowly
and looked in. There she was laying on the bed still asleep. Julie made her way over to her and
with lighting speed handcuffed both wrists to the bed. Nanny started to wake. Julie quickly
shoved a rag into her mouth and taped it there with a strip of duct tape. Last she placed a blind
fold over her eyes.

"Now to wrap up my gift," she said to herself.

She quickly cuffed Nanny's
ankles together with a three foot chain. She rolled her over on her stomach. She placed her knee
in Nanny's back and with her right hand released her handcuffs from the bed. Nanny fought back
trying to get free, but Julie was ready, she quickly pulled her arms behind her and locked them in
place with the handcuffs. Nanny grunted into her gag. Next rope was wrapped around Nanny's
arms pinning them together at the wrists and elbows. Julie pulled her to her feet and more rope
circled her chest and arms pulling them tight to her back.

"I am going to remove your blindfold.
You will walk where I tell you, if you refuse then I assure you it will not be pleasant." Julie told
her. "Now walk downstairs!"

Nanny stood her ground not looking at her captor.

"Ok then the
hard way," Julie said. She takes a set of nipple clips out of her pocket and attaches them to
Nanny. Nanny yelps into her gag. She attaches a piece of rope to the chain and pulls. Nanny yelps
and moves forward.

"There you go bitch!" Julie said, "You understand now, you will be punished
more for not moving when we reach my place. We are almost ready to leave."

Julie pulled Nanny
along behind her by her nipples as she moved about the house collecting things. She packed a
small suitcase with Nanny's clothing including lots of her sexiest underwear. She moved to the
laundry basket and removed two pairs of Nanny's used panties. Nanny could not understand why.
Finally Julie laid a note on the kitchen table. Nanny got a quick look at it as Julie look around the
kitchen. It read; " To whom it might concern, I am leaving after our fight last night. You will
never find me so don't even try. I want nothing more to do with you. Good riddance you
bastard."

Nanny looked in horror at the typed note on the table as Julie lead her from the kitchen
and then from the back door of the house.
Julie takes Nanny through the forest on a little known trail that she had discovered while
spying on her. Nanny tripped along the trail, the rocks and bushes cutting into her bare feet. Two
miles later Nanny's feet were cut and bleeding from the long trip along the forest trail. They
reached Julie's home on the hill. Julie lead Nanny through the back door and down the stairs to
her newly remolded dungeon.

"Well Nanny I am really tired after that hike, so I think I will wait
until tomorrow to play with you, let me get you ready. I am sure you could use a rest too." Julie
pushed Nanny over to a wood post in the center of her dungeon. "Don't move if you know what's
good for you. Julie removed the nipple clips, untied and  uncuffed Nanny and pushed her to the
pole, she then recuffed her arms behind the pole.

"Let me look at those feet. Julie picked up one
of Nanny's feet and looked it over. "They don't look too bad, I think they will be fine until
tomorrow, but just to be sure" Julie went to the sink and opened the drawer. She returned with
some aseptic and applied it to Nanny's feet. "There that will keep infection out."

Julie returned
the bottle to the drawer and walked back to Nanny. "I think we need to plug some things, we
don't what you getting all messy overnight. Julie opened the cabinet in the corner and returned
with two menacing looking plugs. "These are my favorites!" she said, "they vibrate and pump up
to fill those holes of yours."

She lubed them up and went around behind Nanny. "Hold still or this
will be worse". Julie opened up Nanny's cheeks and pushed the plug home. Nanny screamed
through her gag as Julie pushed it all the way. Julie then pumped it up several pumps, "Now that
will stay in just fine."

Julie walked around front and taking the other plug pushed it into Nanny's
pussy hard and fast. Nanny screamed again into the gag. "There that will fill you up!" Julie said as
she pumped it up ten pumps.

Nanny moaned into the gag, as Julie pulled out a roll of duct tape.
"Hold still" she said as she pushed Nanny tight to the pole. Starting at her ankles she wrapped
duct tape up Nanny's legs sealing her to the pole. "Wow that's going to hurt when I pull it loose!"
Julie said laughing.

She continued up to Nanny's hips wrapping everything tight to the pole.
Stopping just below her pussy, "Lets pump these up just a little more" Julie said as she gave both
plugs ten more pumps. Julie could see the strain in Nanny's eyes as she removed the hoses and
left the plugs pumped up.

Julie then took strips of tape and sealed the plugs in tight. "There that
should do."

Julie then began wrapping where she left off pulling the tape tight. Again she stops
just below the breasts. "What should we do with these?" Julie says, Nanny quickly shakes her
head nothing, but Julie pays no attention to her.

"I know!" Julie says and goes back to the cabinet
and returns with some very nasty looking nipple clips. "These should do nicely, just so you know
dear they vibrate also, oh are you going to have a time of it."

Julie takes Nanny's right nipple in
her hand and begins to rub it, it starts to get hard, Julie takes it into her mouth and sucks it.
Nanny moans, Julie stops all of a sudden and clamps the nipple clip right on her engorged nipple.
Nanny yelps in pain as Julie starts on the other one and repeats the torture.

With the nipple clips on, Julie continues her wrapping over Nanny's breasts pushing the
clips into them under the tape. Julie wraps up to Nanny's neck and again stops. "Lets see what we
can do with this gag." Nanny's moans and shakes her head no!

But Julie moves to the suitcase she
brought from Nanny's house and removes the two dirty pair of Nanny's panties. "Here we go,"
Julie says as she walks back over to Nanny. She rips the duct tape from Nanny's lips causing a
scream as it comes free. She then picks the wet rag out of Nanny's mouth. Nanny's starts to talk
but Julie is too fast, she quickly rams a pair of the panties into her mouth pushing them in, packing
them into the back of her mouth. She then starts with the second pair packing them deep into
Nanny's mouth. "There that should keep you quiet."

Julie then picked up the roll of duct tape and
sealed Nanny's mouth with three strips. "Now lets see what we can do for those eyes and ears."
Julie went to her cabinet and returned with several items. "I don't want the tape sticking to your
eyes." Julie placed a black blindfold over Nanny's eyes and buckled it behind her head.

"Now
that's better. Before I take your hearing away I want to tell you something. Do you know why I
have kidnaped you?"

Nanny shook her head no.

"Well dear, you see I am that girl long ago you and
a bunch of friends bound and tortured in the forest."

Nanny's head was very still as the words
sunk in.

"Do you remember that night?" Nanny slowly shook her head yes.

"Were you the girl
who returned and freed me?" Nanny again slowly shock her head yes.

"I thought so. Ok dear here
is your choices, since you helped me I am willing to spare you, but you must agree to be my slave
and to help me catch and punish all the girls that were with you that night. If you agree you will
only be punished tomorrow, then I will let you help me catch the others. However if you say no
then you will get the same fate as the others. Have an answer for me in the morning. Enjoy your
night." Julie then pushed ear plugs into Nanny's ears and picked up a leather hood. She pulled
the hood over Nanny's head and lined the nose opening up with Nanny's nose.

"Hope you can
breath dear, but it does not matter either way to me" Julie picked up  the roll of duct tape and
begin wrapping it around Nanny's mouth, finishing the wrapping of her body up over her eyes
and over her head. She then wrapped back down the body giving it two more layers before she
stopped.

"You wonderful dear. I hope you have a fun night." Julie picked up the remote and set a
couple setting and pushed the red button. "See you in the Morning dear." Julie said as she turned
off the light and went upstairs.

Nanny could hear nothing, her head was enclosed in several layers of tape and a leather
hood. She moaned to herself as she felt the vibrations start between her legs, both plugs starting at
a slow pace, then picking up speed. Then the nipple clips started vibrating, this hurt since they
were held tight in the tape. Nanny could feel an orgasm building but could do nothing about it,
she just had to ride the shock waves and fight to breathe through the holes in the hood. But just as
Nanny was about to orgasm the vibrators stopped. She screamed into the gag as the vibrators
started over again teasing her. It was going to be a long night.
