---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/alinaandalex.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Alina and Alex
authors:
- Alex Pseudonym
tags:
- MF
- discovery
- M/f
- tease
- bond
- rope
- gag
- bfold
- torment
- bdsm
- spank
- breastplay
- mast
- oral
- climax
- rom
- cons
- X
date: 2018-05-30 00:00:00
---

*\*\*Author’s note: So, I’d like to thank my wonderful girlfriend, for her love, understanding, and support. Without her inspiration this story wouldn’t exist and without her feedback it wouldn’t be nearly as good. Also, if you are reading this you probably deserve some context. This story was written for my girlfriend. I’m not always the best at explaining myself, so this and any subsequent parts were my way of communicating with her. With that in mind, if some things seem over or under described or explained, understand that this was not originally meant to be read by anyone but her. It was only after the fact that I thought to put this online for others. That said, enjoy.*

**Alina and Alex: Part 1**

He sits rigidly on the couch, his palms sweating, face beet red, and eyes cast down at the floor. The back of his neck starts spasming like it so often does when he’s at his most uncomfortable, and there’s no mistake that now is one of those times. It was with good reason. He had just shared one of his deepest, most guarded secrets to someone he trusted above all others. But trust wasn’t the issue that he was worried about. He knew with utter certainty this secret wouldn’t spread farther than present company. No, what he was so anxious about was the judgment of his girlfriend, Alina.

Alex couldn’t bring himself to look up for fear of meeting her gaze. He couldn’t bear to see that disgusted, judgmental look that he knew she must be wearing. The type of look that said “You’re not the person I thought you were and it’s freaking me out.” The “What the fuck is wrong with you?” look.

Not for the first time he was questioning the wisdom of telling her. The word questioning was an understatement. In reality he was silently cursing his own stupidity, cursing himself for most likely ruining the best relationship he ever had. There was a reason he had never been able to bring himself to tell his previous girlfriends. True, he had never felt quite so close or as intimate with his previous girlfriends as he did with Alina, but that’s also why he was so afraid of what she may now think of him. Maybe he could still save this, pass it off as just a joke or a test just to see how she would react and to see if she loved him enough to overlook something so weird.

While working to come up with a believable story, he feels her fingers gently brush his chin like a gentle breeze on a cool spring morning. He shivers nearly imperceptibly and closes his eyes. Those fingers slide up to cup the side of his face and exert a gentle pressure, pushing his face to turn towards hers. He could easily resist it, but he chooses not to. Instead, he resolves himself to his fate, resolves himself to take the coming letdown with dignity and courage, to face it head-on, like a man. He slowly, reluctantly opens his eyes, ready for the look and ready for those words that will shatter him like a hammer-blow to fine china. Instead, he’s greeted with a loving smile.

He has to do a double take. He scans her soft, friendly face; from her ruby lips and perfect smile, to her warm, brown eyes and high cheekbones. There, on her eyes, his gaze lingers. The look of overwhelming love and support that he sees in those eyes is so pure, so unexpected that it completely unbalances him, yet it soothes and reassures him at the same time.

“So that’s what you were so nervous to tell me babe? That you have a bondage kink?” She giggles softly. Then, realizing that he might interpret it as her laughing at him, she grows serious again and regains her composure. The whole time the look of absolute love and support never leaves her eyes. “It’s not that unusual; a lot of guys like tying up their girlfriends.” she reassures. She sheepishly holds back a small smile and quickly glances away. “I’ve actually kinda wanted to try it for a while now.” She looks back up at him bashfully.

Now he’s the one that gives her the reassuring smile. “Well, while I absolutely wouldn’t mind having you tied up and helpless- actually, now I’m looking forward to it- that’s not just all of what I’m trying to say. I’m…” he thinks carefully about his next words, continuing like a hiker treading on loose shale. “I’m kinda what they would call a switch,” he pauses, thinking again but gaining some confidence, “which means I want to be on both the giving and receiving end, so to speak. It means that I want to switch between the dominant and submissive roles. So, while I would love to tie you up and have my way with you,” he gives her an exaggerated provocative wink, “I’d also like you to do the same to me sometimes.” He hesitates and looks down and away from her gaze again. “Actually, I’m kinda drawn toward the submissive side a bit more. It’s just that… admitting that… well, it’s just that it’s a little emasculating…” he trails off, clearly extremely self-conscious and embarrassed again. His face is rapidly returning to a firetruck red.

He doesn’t really expect her to understand his insecurity about this. Part of it is because it’s kinda a macho/guy thing; guys are traditionally expected to be strong, tough, and dominant. Part is because of his conservative upbringing which only served to reinforce the former. In contrast to him, she had been raised under a very lax parenting style. Her parents had been much less restrictive and hands-on than his. Their only rules for her were that she get halfway decent grades in school and that she not get into trouble with the law. Otherwise, she was allowed to do as she pleased. That, coupled with being a girl meant that she didn’t have to experience the same social pressures he does.

They sit in silence for a few long minutes and he begins to worry about her judgment all over again. He is just about to look back up at her again when he feels her cup both sides of his face with her hands and draw him close. For the briefest of moments, he can feel her warm breath on his face and feel the brush of her soft, full lips against his. Then he’s being pulled into a deep, passionate kiss that makes his insides do flip-flops and his brain turn to jelly. Their kiss, to him, seems to go on and on for an eternity and he hopes above all hopes that it really will never end. When it eventually does, as all things must, it takes a long minute before he remembers to breathe. At the same time, he slowly opens his eyes and finds himself staring into hers for the second time. After their kiss had ended she still continued to hold his head between her hands. Neither of them spoke right away, but after a few more heartbeats had passed she decided to speak. “No matter what kinky stuff turns you on, I’ll always see you as you are. The big, strong, sometimes dopey man I love.” She smiles sweetly. “And you better get it through that thick skull of yours. I. Love. You.” She punctuates each word by poking him in the chest.

Her words bring a smile to Alex’s face and fill him with joy. He feels like his heart is melting from the rush of love he feels for her, and with it his anxiety. He’s lighter than air in that moment and he’s beaming. “I love you too babe,” he whispers while brushing a few strands of her dark brown hair behind her ear. He leans in close to her until their faces are a fraction of an inch apart and lingers a moment with his lips a hair’s breadth from hers. Then he grabs her and pulls her into one of the most desperate and passionate kisses of his life. He kisses this beautiful, wonderful, amazing woman with the vigor of a drowning man taking in a gasp of air. This time he’s the one to pull away first, grinning ear to ear.

“Dopey huh?” he teases her in mock offense.

Her eyes light up at that and he sees a spark in them that he knows well. She flashes him her signature mischievous grin, the one that always manages to make him feel like putty in her hands. God, he loves her smile. “That’s right; dopey.” she purrs, emphasizing the word dopey while playfully pushing him backward. “What are you going to do about it?”

He easily absorbs her push and it’s not hard for him to pick up on the obvious cue. “Well, I think maybe an early bedtime is in order for a certain disrespectful young lady.”

She sticks out her tongue and makes a childish face. In her best sassy voice, she retorts, “You can’t make me. I’ll just get up and walk right back out here and do whatever I want.” She’s doing a fairly good job at putting on a bratty act.

He smirks, scooping her up. One arm supports her back and the other is beneath her thighs. He starts walking toward his room, carrying her like a groom carries his bride from the wedding chapel. “Hmm, that is a problem.” he agrees, then puts on an extremely exaggerated act of thinking hard. He does this imitation for a moment before making an aha face. “I know,” he exclaims, “I’ll just tie you up. Then you won’t be going anywhere until I let you go.”

She makes a show of squirming around in his arms, twisting and turning as if to get away from him. She even pounds on his chest and makes a pouty face that he finds adorable, but of course she doesn’t actually get away from him. She doesn’t want to.

“Now, now Alina,” he admonishes like a condescending teacher, “you best behave. You’re only making this worse for yourself.” He gives her a scornful look and shakes his head for good measure.

Once they are in his room Alex gingerly lays her down on his bed. She lays there looking up at him still making a pouty face. “Aww, come on, you don’t have to tie me up,” she tries persuasively as he climbs into bed and crawls over top of her, straddling her. He grabs her wrists and pulls them above her head while mocking her pouty face. He pins her hands and leans his head down to hers to plant a brief, but loving kiss on her lips. He pulls his head back away from her again and his face gets serious. For a moment he drops their act.

“We need to have a safeword/signal just in case.” He waits and watches her expression and looks for any sign that she’s not taking him seriously. For her part, she catches on that he is being serious and he can tell from her expression that he has her full attention. Satisfied, he continues, “So, if you need to stop here’s what I’m thinking. Either say S.O.S or if you’re gagged just shout into your gag in Morse code. Three short, three long, three short. I think that should be easy to remember. Will that be okay?”

Alina nods her understanding and approval. Satisfied again, he gives her another quick peck on the lips. She immediately returns to her act of struggling, kicking, squirming, and otherwise trying (but not *really* trying) to push him off.

“Well it’s clear a certain young lady still needs to learn her place,” he says, getting back into the act.  He’s still holding her down, but there’s no doubt that this would be a lot more difficult if she was struggling for real. He risks taking one hand off of her for a few seconds in order to reach under his bed.

Once, he had tried getting into self-bondage, but had never had the guts to trust his release mechanism to properly function. Or rather, he had never had the guts to trust himself to not mess up his release mechanism. Alex had read a number of stories and tutorials for self-bondage online and all suggested having a backup or a “safety net”. The problem with that was that more often than not, the best safety net was to have someone on standby to come release you, whether they knew they were or not. In Alex’s case, since he had never told anyone about his kink, his chosen safety net wouldn’t have known. And to Alex, even scarier than the thought of being trapped was the thought of being discovered. “Although, now I have somebody who I wouldn’t mind discovering me,”he thinks. He smiles to himself a little, thinking about how it might even be fun if Alina “caught” him in such a situation and got to have her way with him before releasing him. He smiles a little more before pushing that thought out of his mind. He returns his focus back to what he was doing. After finally giving up on self-bondage, he had stashed the leftover rope under his bed. At the time he had figured there was no sense in wasting good rope and now he was grateful he had kept it.

Of the many pieces of rope, he selects one that seems about the right length to tie up her wrists. Before he can start binding her wrists together, however, she increases her efforts to buck him off. Alina clearly had no plan of making it too easy for him, but that’s okay by him. Or at least that’s what he initially thinks. As he quickly discovers, it’s considerably harder to tie a struggling “victim” up than he was made to believe. He struggles for a few minutes and it seems like each time he manages to hold her flailing arms together she is able to easily slip his grasp while he tries to get the rope around them. He finally succeeds on one attempt after he makes a sort-of lasso from the rope that he can cinch tight before she can slip it. After a few extra wraps around and a pass between her wrists to make individual “cuffs”, he ties the rope off.

Once her wrists are secure, he continues on to tie her elbows together as tight as he dares. Losing circulation in extremities is always a concern, but the real reason for his apprehensiveness to tie her elbows too tight is her comfort. As long as he kept an eye on her, circulation issues wouldn’t be a problem and safety was just a part of the responsibility of playing the dominant role. No, in this case the concern came down to comfort; how long she would be able to bear having her elbows forced together behind her back depended on her flexibility. It wouldn’t do if her arms got sore after ten minutes and he had to re-tie her. Since it was their first time, he figured she didn’t need to be tied as strictly as possible. It could wait for a time when they both knew their own and each other’s limits. After her elbows are tied securely, with a little bit of wiggle room of course, he pulls out another length of rope, mulling over how best to tie her legs. He comes to the decision that a frog tie will do for his purposes.

Sensing that at this point struggling would be useless if she actually wanted to get out, Alina switches tactics. Instead, she pleads for release, using various entreaties and enticements, all of which fall on deaf ears. She resumes her squirming and starts to call him names, but her barely contained giggling at the increasing ridiculousness of her insults is a dead giveaway that this too is just a part of the game.

Alex finishes the last knot on her legs. Like a craftsman or artist, he scoots back to appraise his handiwork. Alina is in a kneeling position on the bed with her plump, firm thighs tied to her calves so that her butt rests just above her ankles and heels. Her arms are snugly bound behind her back, wrists and elbows locked in place. He takes a moment to appreciate how tying her elbows together pushes out her breasts. She’s still in her favorite outfit to wear around his house, booty shorts and a tank top. Alina’s face is rosy. His attention to her body is making her blush. All in all, he was pleased with how his first attempt at tying up his sexy captive had turned out. Looking her over one more time, he notices that her thin grey tank top is doing a poor job of hiding her erect nipples.

That thought is what causes the realization of his screw-up to dawn on him; in his haste to stop her struggling he had forgotten to take her clothes off. He takes a moment to mentally smack himself for the oversight. Now he has two options available. He can either untie her, completely wasting all his rope work, or he can cut her clothes off. He debates it in his head, but now that his attention has turned off her for a moment, Alina resumes her tirade of insults. It’s fairly distracting, so he decides to go ahead and gag her awhile, while considering his other problem.

Alex would love to have owned an actual ballgag, but he hadn’t really been able to justify one before with no one else to use it with, so he had never bought one. True, he could have used it on himself, but what would be the point if he could take it out at will? Also, truth be told, he hadn’t had the nerve to walk into an adult store and buy one and he hadn’t thought to buy one online. Luckily for him, improvising a gag isn’t hard. The trick was to occupy the person’s mouth, not to merely keep their lips closed like some might think. From his dresser drawer he retrieves two plain undershirts. One he then forms into a ball and pushes it against her lips. Upon seeing him grab the shirts, she guessed what he planned to do and decided to shut her mouth. This wasn’t lost on him.

“Oh, so now you decide to shut up.” he goads with a grin. She just glares at him silently, in mock indignation at his treatment of her. She clearly did not intend to make this easy either. “Open up love!” he says overly cheerfully while pinching her nose shut. At the same time, he also makes sure the shirt is pushed firmly against her lips so she can’t breathe past it. After a little over a minute of holding her breath and struggling to loosen his grip, she’s finally forced to open her mouth and take a gulp of air. Using this opportunity, Alex packs the shirt into her mouth, causing Alina’s cheeks to puff out like a chipmunk. He clamps his hand over her mouth to keep it in place until he has the other shirt tied in place to prevent her spitting it out. As an afterthought he goes back to the dresser and takes out another shirt, which he fashions into a blindfold.

Once finished, he kisses her on the forehead. He’s loving this experience. He likes having this kind of control over her, but not for the sake of being in control. He just loves that she is willing to put so much trust in him. That is the biggest appeal to him of being in the dominant role. It isn’t about showing mastery, it’s all about demonstrating that her trust was well placed. And, in a way, even though she’s helpless and subject to his whim, he’s the one serving her. It’s his responsibility to ensure her safety and it’s up to him to make this enjoyable for her. It’s not about him, it’s about her and her experience. And she clearly wants him to be in control. It’s that line of thought that leads him to a decision of what to do about her clothes.

“Now my dear, I’m faced with the small problem of removing your clothes. We can’t have you going to bed dressed in your daytime clothes, so I think I’ll just cut them off. There’s no sense in untying you and letting all my hard work go to waste.”

He breaks character again for a moment and lets it reflect in his voice by lowering his tone. “Don’t worry, I’ll buy you replacements babe. Although, if you don’t want me to do it anyway just use the safeword.”

He pauses and when no noises are forthcoming he smiles. “Well then I’ll just go and grab some scissors. Wait right here and don’t go wandering off!”

He dashes to the bathroom and rummages through the first aid supplies, pulling out a pair of bandage scissors. He returns with them and jokingly thanks her for waiting so patiently, as if she had a choice. Of course, she’s exactly as he left her: blindfolded, tied-up, and gagged. He deftly snips off her bra and shorts, noticing the damp spot at the crotch area of the shorts.

Once her clothes have been taken care of she resumes struggling, although Alex suspects that this time it’s less about the act and more about testing her bonds. He gets up on the bed and moves into a kneeling position behind her with his stomach right up against her back. Reaching around her, he places one hand flat against her sternum, just below and between her lovely breasts. He’ll give them plenty of attention later, but for now he slides his hand in a straight line down her belly, slowly bringing his fingertips closer to her crotch.

Again, she starts struggling, just as he had hoped she would, although at this point her struggling was very weak and clearly entirely for show. Still, it gave him the excuse for what he planned to do next.

“Still struggling huh? I would have thought you would have figured out by now that you should just accept your punishment, but apparently not. You clearly need to be taught a lesson about resisting authority.”

He removes his hand from Alina’s belly and repositions himself so he’s sitting on the edge of the bed with his feet on the floor. He grabs her and positions her across his lap so that her knees are on one side of his legs and her face and shoulders are pressed into the bed on the other side.

“You give me no choice, it’s clear that you want to learn your lesson the hard way.” He raises his hand up in the air and brings it down on her fanny with a thwack. An instant later she loudly mmphs into her gag, more in surprise than pain. He had carefully judged his first swat to barely be painful as a warning for her of what was in store. She starts struggling again.

“You’re just making it worse on yourself love. The more you struggle, the more spankings you get. Besides, we wouldn’t want you to accidentally fall off the bed now would we.”

Immediately, she stops. This time he brings his hand down harder, though still nowhere near as hard as possible. Ready for it now, Alina barely makes a peep, although he can feel her tense up as his hand swishes through the air. Despite not hitting excessively hard, his hand still leaves a red imprint when it comes away.

A few dozen spankings later she’s crying out with each hit, her gag muffling her to slightly loud moans. Her bottom is bright red and warm to the touch. Alex decides it’s time to stop. He’s well aware that some people like to be roughly punished like this, but he doesn’t know how much she likes it. She may not have safe-worded yet, but he doesn’t really want to push it that far.

He repositions her on his lap a little and asks, “Now then, has somebody learned their lesson?”

She makes a mmph sound that he interprets as a yes. He retrieves a bottle of lotion from his nightstand. While stroking her hair with one hand he squirts a big glob of lotion onto each of her butt cheeks. She tenses up at first when he starts rubbing it in, but soon she’s sighing contentedly into her gag. After a few minutes of rubbing and fondling her butt he puts her back up into her previous kneeling position.

“Now, where were we?” he asks rhetorically as he resumes his earlier kneeling position behind her. With his left hand he brushes her hair back and kisses her neck. She sighs at his affection while he reaches around her torso with his right hand to cup her right breast. Still kissing her neck, he does the same with his left hand. He gently, yet firmly kneads and massages her breasts. This elicits more sighs from Alina and she leans back against him.

Unexpectedly, he quickly switches from a gentle massage to pinching her nipples between his fingers. He gives them a sharp tug and her sigh of contentment switches to muffled squealing. He returns to a gentle massage and she’s soon sighing in pleasure again. And again, he makes her squeal by pinching and pulling her nipples. He repeats this cycle a few more times. He can feel himself getting even more aroused than he was before because of how much she seems to be enjoying this treatment. He can’t help but feel a little jealous that it was her getting this sort of attention from him and not the other way around, but he also loved to see her like this. Besides, he would eventually get his turn. He had no doubt that she would get him back for spanking her earlier too.

After repeating the cycle a little more than a dozen times, he figured it was time to switch it up again. After pulling her nipples one more time, his left hand returns to massaging her breast, but his right moves to her stomach. He ever so lightly traces circles and patterns across her belly with his fingers, eventually working his way down to her crotch. He traces his fingers down over her slit, drawing a little gasp from her, then back up to rub her clit. She responds with a small shudder and a whimper, which turns to quiet moans.

He teases her like that for a few moments before increasing the intensity, still kissing her neck and massaging her tit. He continues, now inserting one, then two fingers. He makes a curling motion with his fingers while using his thumb to keep stimulating her clit. A few moments later he switches from massaging her breast to pinching and pulling her nipple. By this point her breathing is heavy and she’s moaning loudly- well, as loudly as her gag will allow.

Before long her moaning hits peak intensity as he fingers her to orgasm. She cums all over his hand and her juices make a wet spot on the bedding. Alex smiles, brings his hand up in front of them under her nose, and licks his fingers. He kisses her neck again and whispers in her ear, “Now it’s my turn.”

He gets off the bed, picks her up, and deposits her on the floor. After moving her back into a kneeling position facing the bed, he strips down and sits on the edge of the bed. He scoots her a little closer to him and removes her gag. Taking a bottle from on top of the nightstand, he gives her a drink. Judging by the dampness of the shirt he gagged her with, he figures she has a pretty bad case of cotton-mouth by now. Once she was sated he returns the bottle to the nightstand.

For a moment he debates taking off her blindfold so he can look into those beautiful eyes of hers, but he decides it might be more erotic if he left it on. Gently bending her head down with one hand, he places the tip of his now full-on erection against her lips with the other hand.

Alina knows exactly what to do without being told. She first leans forward and licks from his balls up to the tip, stopping to give the tip a kiss. Then she slowly inserts just the tip into her mouth and sucks on it a little. Then she lets it out until it’s just resting on her lips, then she takes it in again, deeper. Within a few seconds her head is bobbing up and down between his legs, a good portion of his shaft disappearing into and reappearing from her mouth with each stroke. He leans back a bit, puts his hands on the bed behind him to support himself, and lets out a long, guttural sigh of contentment. He is somewhat surprised at how well she was doing, considering her hands were tied behind her back.

Instinctually, his hand reaches around to the back of her head and he forces her to take more of his cock. He holds her back after one stroke and says, “Now take the whole length this time and hold it as long as you can, okay?” With that, he firmly forces her to take more and more of his cock into her mouth, until her lips made it the whole way to the base and he can feel her throat squeeze around the head. She can’t hold it though, and splutters. He quickly lets her back her head away.

“Try again dear,” he says encouragingly. She nods slightly and he pulls her head down onto him again. This time she manages to go about eight or nine seconds before she comes away spluttering. A string of her saliva stretches between her mouth and his cock before breaking and dribbling down her chin. He smiles at her. “That’s a good look for you.” he tells her with a wink. She just gives him a not-so-innocent smile.

After a few breaths she returns to sucking his cock. He lets out groans to the tempo of her strokes and resumes his earlier position of leaning back, putting more and more of his weight back onto his hands as he relaxes and lets her work her magic. He closes his eyes and focuses on the sensation of her mouth enveloping him. Soon she has him near orgasm. Just before he’s about to cum, he leans forward and grabs her head again. He keeps her from pulling away as he cums in her mouth with a long moan. When he’s spent he lets her go and she pulls away, swallowing. He gives a little involuntary shudder as her tongue brushes his now overly sensitive head. She flashes him a grin and opens her mouth to show him that it’s all gone.

He smiles and teases her, “Who’s my good little cumslut?’ He kneels down in front of her, removes her blindfold, and stares deeply into her eyes for a moment. Then he kisses her for a long, passionate moment. “I love you Alina,” he simply says after pulling away.

She flashes him one of her gorgeous smiles, the one that made him fall in love with her in the first place. “I know,” she responds, “I love you too babe.”

He smiles in return. “Now let’s get you out of those ropes and-”

“Actually,” she interrupts, “if it’s all the same to you, I’d like to try sleeping tied up tonight.” She thinks for a second. “Although I’d prefer to be tied up in a slightly more comfortable fashion.”

“Say no more, I know just the thing.” He unties her legs first and reties them together at the ankles, below and above the knees, and around the thighs. Then he unties her arms and reties them so that instead of being behind her back they are locked at her sides. Then he picks her up and lays her on the bed on her back. “Good?”

“Yep.” She grins. “Now come over her and cuddle with me until I fall asleep. We can discuss what I’ll do to you tomorrow morning.”

“I can’t wait.” He crawls into bed next to her and wraps his arms around her, but not before shutting off the light.

Soon they are both fast asleep, Alina feeling safe and secure in his loving embrace, Alex feeling grateful for such a wonderful girlfriend and looking forward to the weekend ahead.
