---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Moth to the Flame
authors:
- sfmaster@att.net
tags:
- F+-f+
- F-f
- slave
- bond
- cuffs
- naked
- cage
- collar
- training
- gag
- spreadeagle
- chain
- crop
- paddle
- clamps
- toys
- whip
- cons
- XX
date: 2020-11-28 00:00:00
---

### Part 6

Back to the present...

I realized now why Lois had shown me off to her friend, Colleen. She had wanted to see if I would acknowledge my slavery to her in front of another Domme, and if I would allow myself to be used by her. Colleen had proven to be a tough and demanding Domme, and I had to summon all of my resolve in order to perform properly for her and not to embarrass Mistress Lois.

Colleen had been a test for today’s true event – my coming out party, if that was what you would call this afternoon meeting of Dommes at Lois’s house.

Earlier, Lois had placed me downstairs in a cage that she had just recently purchased. Just for effect she had placed handcuffs and leg shackles on me, not that being naked I could escape from the cage. They were placed on me to remind me that I was just a slave.

I had seated myself in the cage and waited, wondering just what was happening upstairs. While I could have pleasured myself since my hands were cuffed in front, I knew that to do so without permission would be a bad idea and lead to a punishment.

Finally, after what seemed like hours, I heard Lois’s heels click their way down the steps.

“Still here?” asked Lois.

“Yes, Mistress,” I answered, pulling my handcuffs to show her that I was still a prisoner.

“Do you like the cage?”

“Yes Mistress, it’s very confining.”

“That’s the idea,” Lois answered as she unlocked the cage door, “come out, Annette.”

I crawled out of the cage and onto the floor, and Lois closed the door behind me.

“Stand up, darling,” Lois instructed.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“I’m going to take your steel cuffs off and I want you in your regular collar, bracelets, and heels.”

“Yes, Mistress.” I dutifully answered.

Once Lois had unlocked the gleaming stainless steel from my wrists and ankles, I saw that she had already laid out my usual bondage accouterments on the table she reserved for her tools. I wasted no time in locking them on myself, making certain that they were fast upon me.

“I’m ready, Mistress,” I told her.

“Excellent, let’s go upstairs,” Lois commanded.

Not bound in any way, I followed naked behind her up the stairs, and into the kitchen. I saw there were things on the kitchen table that had not been before I had been locked in the cage, was there something in progress?

“Hands behind your back, Annette,” Lois ordered.

I complied, and soon my hands were locked behind my back, and Lois then attached a leash to my collar. Lastly, she put a blindfold on, cutting off my vision, and then she led me towards the living room...

“Well ladies, this is what you’ve been waiting for,” said Mistress Lois.

My Domme’s expert fingers undid the roller buckle at the back of my leather blindfold, and I blinked in response when the light hit my eyes. Focusing, I could see a woman dressed as a maid (in a black rubber outfit) standing holding a teapot; and my Mistress’s three guests, seated in the living room. They were all wearing brightly colored designer dresses.

I was wearing nothing except for a collar around my neck, a ball-gag in my mouth, leather bracelets on my wrists and ankles, and high-heeled shoes that were locked upon my feet. Did I also mention that my wrists were locked behind my back, and that Mistress Lois was holding a leash that was attached to my collar?

I was sure that I must have blushed with embarrassment, as four pairs of female eyes roved at will over my naked figure. Mistress Lois had warned me in advance how I should behave in the presence of her guests. So I stood proudly, throwing my chest out, so the women could see my roughed nipples. I kept my legs open, so my cunt was on display. I hid nothing, not shrinking from their gaze.

“She’s simply lovely, Lois,” commented one woman.

“Who is she?” asked another.

“This is Annette,” Lois began, “she was born to one of Long Island’s most prominent families on the Gold Coast. Big house, vacation home in the Hamptons, educated at prep and private schools, and a brilliant marriage to a rich guy. Now she’s my little sex slave, and I’m training her intensely. Annette, show the girls your bottom, please.”

I turned around and bent over, showing off my scarred bottom with stripes from the riding crop.

“Annette used to have a nice high paying job in Manhattan, but now she works at Victoria’s Secret in the Roosevelt Field Mall. So if any of you ladies decide to go shopping for undies, be sure and go there. If Annette isn’t the most hopeful girl in the store, please tell the manager who then will call me – and I’ll correct the situation with the riding crop.”

“Has her husband asked you to train her?” asked one of the women.

“No, her husband threw her out of the house when he discovered that his little bored wife was enjoying sex games with me when he was away. While she has quite a sizable bankroll, more than I’ll ever see in a lifetime, instead I’ve sent Annette off to work. First in an Adult bookstore, then in K-Mart, and finally Victoria’s Secret. I don’t want her money – the price of her slavery is her body and pleasing me.”

“Really, Lois, you’re just so lucky!” said one of the others.

“Thank you, turn around, Annette,” Lois ordered.

I complied, and was glad when the gag was removed from my lips.

“Thank you Mistress,” I quickly said, catching my breath.

Lois led me over to the couch, where she sat down and pulled me over her knees. I arranged my bottom for the spanking that I knew was coming.

On the coffee table, in addition to the usual tea service was a collection of dildoes, crops, paddles, and floggers. Not the standard items in a tea party – unless you’re a sex slave, of course.

“Kiss my hand, Annette,” ordered Lois.

I complied, and within seconds, felt her hand smacking my unprotected bottom. Lois’s other hand kept a grip on my chained wrists, keeping me helpless on her lap.

Smack! Smack! Smack!

I knew that it was going to be a long afternoon, and all of my Domme’s guests were going to have a go at my body. I resolved not to embarrass myself in front of them, but I knew that sooner or later my sex would betray me, and I would be moaning in orgasm.

This was the final goal that Mistress Lois had been training me, to show me off to her other Domme girlfriends, much as a normal woman would show a pair of shoes or a pretty new dress. Except that I had chosen a life of slavery that I really didn’t understand when I first saw Lois and Catherine up on that NY stage.

At the time I didn’t remember who Catherine was, and even when we met at her house I had a hard time remembering her. She had allowed Lois to take her to a club in NYC and use her in public! I was on display at her house, another of her willing slaves who had taken a perverse pride in her ownership of me.

“Has she been whipped?” asked one of the women.

“Of course, many times. I’ve even lent her to Colleen,” Lois stated.

“Really, I’ll bet that she didn’t enjoy the experience,” the woman answered.

“Annette learned a lot about herself that night,” Lois answered.

Smack! Smack! Smack!

The rain of blows on my bottom continued, and it knew that it was just a warm-up for things to come! I suppose that there is nothing more embarrassing than being punished in front of a group of females, with myself as the center of attention. Still, I lay on Lois’s lap, and silently endured her spanking.

“Lois, may I have a go at her?” asked one of the other women.

“I want you kneeling on the floor,” Lois ordered.

“Yes, Mistress,” I quickly obeyed her orders, and was soon kneeling with my legs open and my hands on my knees.

“Since I suggested that you bring your Domme gear, I think that we should all suit up and take Annette and Patricia here down into my playroom for some real fun,” Lois suggested as she sipped some tea.

“Wonderful idea, Lois!”

Now the other slavegirl had a name – Patricia! I wondered who she was, and how she had become a slave!

“Good, I’ll go and chain these two in the playroom as we get dressed, just so they can get acquainted,” said Lois.

---

“Mmmmmph!” I grunted, which was about the only sound that I could make.

“Uuuurgh!” Patricia grunted in return.

Patricia and I were both locked to the wall by our wrist and ankle cuffs, and then Lois had gagged both of us so that we couldn’t speak! I had taken the penis gag in my mouth, and for my companion it had been an O-ring gag. What this resulted in was that we could trade sounds and facial expressions, but that was about it.

At least I had had the chance to talk to Catherine, where I remembered that she had been a socialite like myself. However, there was no way that I could exchange confidences with my bondage companion with gags in our mouths.

So we both stood there in enforced silence, our eyes stealing glances at each other, and surveying the contents of the playroom.

While it was true that Lois didn’t want my money, she had asked me to help pay for some of the devices that it now contained. This began one Saturday when we went into Manhattan together, and I had paid for a few things, like a latex maid’s outfit that I usually wore for Lois.

Then one day, Lois had suggested buying a metal cage, along with custom made stocks, and I had footed the bill. The income from my trust fund usually remained unspent. I lived on my earnings at Victoria’s Secret. But now that I was freed from the upper class lifestyle of just buying clothes for the sake of buying, and no more parties of expensive trips – I had discovered that I could live far more modestly!

So I stared at the stocks, in which I had spent many hours, knowing that I had paid for the instruments that were now keeping me in bondage!

“Have you two gotten acquainted yet?” asked Lois when she and her three Domme friends entered the playroom.

“Mmmmmph!”

“Uuuurgh!”

“That’s good. Just so you know your tormentors, Annette, let me introduce them. This is Connie,” introduced Annette. Connie was wearing a sleeveless PVC catsuit that made her look simply stunning, along with matching boots, and a belt around her waist completed her outfit.

“This is Angela,” Angela stepped forward, and she was wearing a PVC bodysuit, sheer to waist pantyhose, hose, and heels.

“This is Katrina.” Katrina was wearing a red rubber dress that fit her body like a glove and displayed all of her feminine curves.

Lois had changed into a new black rubber outfit, and one of the others must have helped to lace her into a corset that compressed her waist in. She looked even more stunning than before.

“How should we decide who to use?” Angela asked.

“Why not alphabetically? Angela first, then Connie, then Katrina, with the next Domme acting as assistant. Since Patricia belongs to Angela, once Angela’s done with Annette, she can assist me with Patricia, then she can use Patricia herself, next Connie, and so on. This way we all get to use both slavegirls this afternoon!”

“Excellent idea, Lois,” Connie commented.

“Much better than a game,” said Katrina, “which might take too long.”

“True,” Angela agreed.

I glanced over at my playroom companion in both slavery and punishment. Both of us were going to be used by four Dommes each! Lois had more than a full complement of toys that could be used to give a slavegirl a difficult time, so I knew that by evening, both of us would be well striped!

---

It had been bad enough before when I had been used by Colleen. She had used me more than Lois had, and I was thoroughly tested to my limits by the time that she was done. I held back from using my safeword, and by the time that she was finished with me, I was amazed at my capacity for absorbing punishment. It isn’t every day when a girl is bound naked and whipped almost until she screams, and I had felt that way that day.

But now I was going to be used by not one, but three Dominatrixes! When I had submitted myself to Lois, I could hardly conceive of the idea that she would ever loan me out to another Domme – let alone three!

So here I was, naked, bound to the wall with another woman, both of us expecting to be used by a group of fetish clad women, all desiring to stripe our skins!

I had only wished that we both had not been gagged – I would have liked to exchange confidences with her. How and why had she become a slave? What sexual satisfaction did she get out of it? Did she enjoy being bound and whipped?

Instead we had both been locked to walls, gags in our mouths, silenced! I was naked, and she was still wearing her Black Latex Maid’s outfit; and what both of us shared in common was that we were slaves.

“Excellent idea, Lois,” said Angela, “I ask permission to use your slave, Annette.”

“Granted,” Lois answered, “and I also state that I give permission to Connie and Katrina as well.”

“Thank you, Lois,” said both of the other Dommes together, sounding like one.

“And I give permission for Lois, Connie, and Katrina to use my slave Patricia as well,” said Angela.

Again, all of the other three Dommes thanked her. How strange to ask permission to use another slave for punishment!

“May I look over your collection?” Angela asked.

“Yes, of course, take your time,” Lois answered, “Ladies, why don’t you familiarize yourself with my toy collection so you’ll know what to use.”

“Yes,” Connie and Katrina replied.

I watched in rapt attention as Lois’s three guests looked over her toy rack, trying out her crops, floggers, paddles, and whips. Glancing over at Patricia, I saw that she was looking at exactly the same thing! There was no stranger sight than seeing three Dommes test out toys as if they were trying on clothes!

“May I unchain her?” Angela asked.

“Go right ahead, she’s yours,” Lois replied.

Lois handed Angela a keychain, and she soon unlocked me from the wall, ankles first, wrists second.

“Turn around,” Angela ordered.

I soon felt the roller buckle released, and the penis gag removed from my mouth! I inhaled deeply.

“Thank you, Mistress,” I told Angela.

“You’re welcome, Annette,” Angela replied, “are you a good slave-girl?”

“Yes, Mistress,” I answered.

“I want you to go over to the rack of toys and select the meanest riding crop in Lois’s collection – because that’s what I’m going to use on you, sweetie!”

“Yes, Mistress.”

I quickly complied, and I found it. It was a very thin crop of bamboo wrapped in leather that was designed to mark the skin. Lois used it to leave red marks all over my naked body, and I feared its use. I knelt before Angela.

“Mistress Angela, this humble slave requests the use of this terrible crop on my naked body, to do with as you see fit.”

Angela picked up the crop, bent it in her hands, and swished it through the air.

“This is a very terrible instrument, Annette. Do you really want me to use it on you?”

“Yes, Mistress,” I answered.

“You’re a very brave girl.”

“Thank you Mistress.”

Everything that I had done and experienced in the last year had led inexorably up to this moment. For I was a woman that had let herself be freed of normal societal conventions of sexual behavior, decency, and respectability in order that I be free to allow myself to be naked and whipped for the pleasure of others. I had fully acquiesced in my slavery!

“Lois, please do me the honors of hanging Annette from the ceiling chain, her arms and legs in separator bars so that she will be fully exposed,” Angela asked.

“Yes, of course Angela,” Lois agreed.

So I was again stretched in the shape of an X, with my feet just touching the floor and my wrists and ankles locked to bars that made me exposed and totally vulnerable!

“What is your safeword?” Angela requested.

“Sinful, Mistress,” I replied.

“Kiss the crop.”

Again my lips caressed the instrument of my punishment! Connie and Katrina were seated on leather footstools, and Patricia was chained to the wall, silenced by her gag. I was the center of attention, as it was my flesh that was going to be used first!

I shuddered when I felt Angela’s hands begin to fondle my exposed and stretched naked flesh. She weighed my breasts in her hands before pinching my nipples, ran her fingers down my taut belly, and then played with the entrance to my sex.

“Does Lois use you sexually?” Angela asked.

“Yes, Mistress, frequently. With dildos and vibrators, all the time,” I answered.

“Do you love Lois?”

“Yes, Mistress, very much.”

“What do you love more, her whip or her dildos?”

“Both, Mistress.”

“You’re very submissive for a woman of such a background.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Do you really like to be stripped naked, placed in chains, and whipped, then taken sexually by another woman?”

“Yes, Mistress, very much so, else I would not be here.”

“No, I suppose not – ready yourself!”

“Yes, Mistress.”

Snick! Snick! Snick!

With her first three strokes, Angela had shown me that she was completely experienced with a crop of this type! These were not crude blows delivered clumsily, but instead precise and accurately thought out strokes that were designed to mark, not injure or harm!

Snick! Snick! Snick!

The next three landed on my taut skin on my back, but I knew that the skin had not broken or bled!

Snick! Snick! Snick!

“Aaaaaah!” I cried as the next three landed on my breasts.

Being hung in the shape of an X makes a girl completely vulnerable to whatever her Mistress desires. My entire naked body was available to her crop.

Snick! Snick! Snick!

Under the lights and the punishment, I could feel myself starting to sweat, and droplets formed on my nakedness.

Snick! Snick! Snick!

Just as before, when Colleen had whipped me, I stayed silent, not even thinking about my safeword. Instead I hung in chains, receiving each stroke, realizing that this was the path that I had chosen!

Snick! Snick! Snick!

There is nothing more intimate that being disciplined by another woman. I looked down, and saw my striped breasts.

Snick! Snick! Snick!

“Aaaaaah!” I cried when the crop struck at my poor exposed pussy.

“Having a good time, Annette?” Angela asked.

“Yes...yes, Mistress,” I answered when the waves of agony had passed after the crop had struck my sex.

“Have you been whipped there many times?”

“Yes, Mistress,” I answered.

Snick! Snick! Snick!

The next three also landed on my pussy, and I pulled uselessly at my chains, trying to escape the crop. But it was futile, for what can a naked girl do against the chains that bind her?

“You’re a very brave girl,” Angela observed.

“Yes, Mistress, thank you!” I cried.

Snick! Snick! Snick!

Does suffering ennoble a person? I wondered about that every time that I was punished!

Snick! Snick! Snick!

Angela circled me, making sure that the crop didn’t strike the same place twice, yet inflicting further hurt upon me!

Snick! Snick! Snick!

“If I gave you the opportunity, would you leave now?” Angela asked.

“No, Mistress,” I answered, “I prefer the lash.”

Snick! Snick! Snick!

It was now the inside of my thighs that attracted Angela’s tender attentions. I held back tears as the most sensitive parts of my body were striped.

Snick! Snick! Snick!

“Kiss the crop,” Angela ordered.

“Yes, Mistress,” I answered, my lips touching the crop as instructed.

“You have done well, Annette. You can visit my playroom any time that Lois permits.”

“Thank you Mistress.”

Angela took a bow, and the three Domme audience started clapping their hands at my performance.

“You’ve trained her very well.” Katrina observed.

“Thank you,” Lois answered, “Annette has been a willing pupil.”

“Your turn Connie,” said Angela.

Connie stood up from her chair and walked over to the wall, looking over the selection, but I knew that she had already chosen what she had in mind for me. This was all for show!

“Would you like me to assist with Patricia?” Lois asked Angela.

“No, actually I’d like to watch what Connie does with Annette. We can either spare Patricia for later, or another day entirely.”

“In that case, I’ll continue to assist,” said Lois.

Crack!

We were all startled by the sharp report of Connie striking her palm with the wooden paddle, and I now knew what was going to happen to me next!

“Have you been paddled?” Connie asked me, standing directly in front of me, hold the paddle in her hands.

“Yes, Mistress,” I replied.

“I can redden your bottom so much that you won’t be able to sit down for a week,” Connie threatened.

“Yes, Mistress,” I swallowed my fear.

Connie walked around to my back, without even the formality of asking me to kiss the paddle, or even count each stroke! I knew that my rear was going to be in for a real pasting!

“Ready yourself, slave.”

Crack! Crack! Crack!

The sound of the paddle striking my bottom echoed through the playroom, accompanied by my moans of pain and pleasure.

Crack! Crack! Crack!

I pulled at the bonds holding me, to reassure me that there was indeed no escape from my predicament. This was what I had chosen and desired, and I wanted no change in my position.

Crack! Crack! Crack!

Each impact of the paddle on my bottom sounded like a gunshot in the silence in the playroom. All in attendance were silent as Connie paddled me into submission.

“Oooooooh!” I moaned, not caring if I embarrassed myself.

Connie had begun to rub my sore bottom, gently touching the reddened flesh with her fingertips, which only further served to excite me all over again.

“Do you like the paddle?” Connie asked.

“Yes, Mistress,” I answered.

“Are you regularly paddled?”

“Yes, Mistress. Lois uses the paddle on my bottom constantly.”

Crack! Crack! Crack!

I could feel the sweat pouring off me, and I was not yet through with Connie. I wondered what Katrina had in store for me!

“Shall we make this more interesting?” Connie asked.

From her catsuit she removed a pair of nipple clamps, and it didn’t take much effort at all to place them on my already engorged nipples. Had I been dressed, anyone could have seen my buds under my clothing. Naked, they stood out and erect.

“Aaaaaaah!” I cried when the devices were placed on my nipples.

“You’re so beautiful,” complimented Connie, “if you should ever decide to leave Lois, there will always be a place for you in my dungeon.”

“Thank you, Mistress,” I answered.

I suppose that there is no higher compliment that a slave can receive than an offer by another Domme to be taken as her slave.

At that moment, all I was concerned about was that my pained and stretched nudity was the object of three, no four, Dommes who each wanted to see how I performed under the lash.

Crack! Crack! Crack!

My paddling had resumed! Once, one of my former co-workers had been an English girl from London, and one day she confided to me that one thing she had enjoyed with her boyfriend was to spanked and paddled as if she was back in school.

Crack! Crack! Crack!

By now my bottom must have been a deep shade of red, the flesh warm to the touch. Bound as I was, touching would have to wait.

“Don’t come without permission!” Connie ordered.

Suddenly I felt a vibrator probing at the entrance to my sex! At that moment, I wished for a gag, any gag that I could use to distract myself from the invasion of my already wet and excited sex by a rubber phallus!

“Can she hold back an orgasm?” Connie asked Lois.

“Yes, I’ve given her intensive training in erotic control.”

It seemed strange to have two fetish clad women discussing me like I was just property, but I was exactly that! There are no secrets between women when one wears leather, and the other wears nothing!

The vibrator was pushed deeper into my sheath, the same sex that my husband had ignored during my unhappy marriage. Had he taken an interest in me sexually, perhaps I might not have located Mistress Lois and become her slave!

“Ooooooh!” I moaned.

I maintained my breathing at a steady pace, breathing in and out, filling my lungs with air, trying to concentrate on anything except the phallus that was sliding in and out of my most private parts. Why did a woman have to be so vulnerable to being excited? Why did she have breasts, and a cunt that made her an object of desire for both men and women?

“Ooooooh!”

For the moment, the paddling had stopped, but Connie was torturing me with something even worse – a vibrator!

“You’re doing very well, Annette.”

“Thank...thank you, Mistress,” I answered as I had great difficulty putting out the words, lest I lose control and suddenly come!

It seemed like an eternity, hanging helplessly with the phallus sliding inside of me! At that moment, I was truly the center of the universe!

Connie thrust the vibrator into me again and again, and I wondered just how long I could hold out! This was a far deadlier punishment than the whip!

“Aaaaaah!” I cried, almost on the verge of orgasm, for I was losing the battle.

“Lick the vibrator of your secretions,” Connie ordered, “you’ve maintained control and passed my test.”

“Thank you, Mistress,” I replied weakly as I took the vibrator in my mouth and cleaned it of my juices.

“Very good, Annette,” complimented Lois.

“Thank you, Mistress Lois.” This time I had not embarrassed myself in front of my Domme as I had done with Mistress Colleen.

“Your turn,” Connie said to her friend, Katrina.

Katrina stood up from the chair and smoothed down her red latex dress that hugged every curve of her body. I wondered what the Domme looked like in the nude!

She walked over to my stretched nudity, and ran her hands down my skin, from my breasts (she left the nipple clamps on) to between my thighs.

“She’s all hot and sweaty, Lois. Can you take her into the bathroom and clean her up? If she can’t be fresh, at least she can get a small rest and be ready for another session.”

“Of course,” Lois answered, “whatever you desire.”

I was to be taken down, unchained, bathed, rested and then hung back up again to be further used by another Domme. Was there no respite in slavery?

As I was being led to the bathroom, I glanced at Patricia, still locked to the wall. Was she jealous of all the attention that I was receiving, or glad that she had not yet come under the lash?

---

I sat naked on the toilet as Mistress Lois filled the small sink with warm soapy water, and soaked a washcloth in the sink.

“You’re doing very well, Annette,” Lois said to me.

“Thank you, Mistress,” I answered.

I could not believe that the reason that I had been taken down was that so I could be cleaned up and refreshed so that I could receive even more punishment.

“Hold still, darling.”

I welcomed the wash cloth with it’s soothing warmth as Lois gently cleaned my body of the sweat that had accumulated as I had been cropped and paddled.

“How do you feel?” Lois asked.

“All right, Mistress,” I replied.

Lois tenderly washed my body, and motioned for me to stand up. She washed the insides of my thighs and between my legs, and carefully cleaned my sex.

“You’re very brave Annette to accept such punishment,” Lois stated.

“I’ve been well trained, Mistress.”

“Why don’t you run upstairs, grab your clothes, and never see me again?”

“Because I’m a slave, Mistress. Your slave. I crave the bracelets and collar, and especially the feel of the lash upon my skin,” I answered.

“And if I told you to leave and never come back?”

“Then I’d find another Mistress to put me in chains. I’m sure that your three guests would love to have me as their slave.”

“Yes they would,” Lois agreed.

“Yes, Mistress,” I answered.

By then, Lois had cleaned me off, and was now toweling me dry. Looking at myself in the mirror, I was amazed at the lines that the crop had left, and I could feel the soreness of my bottom. I was one well punished slave, and I was going to get a second helping this evening.

“You could always call your safeword,” Lois suggested.

“No, Mistress. I didn’t call it with Colleen, and I see no reason to call it tonight either.”

“Katrina is sure to use the whip on you.”

“I’ve been whipped before Mistress,” I answered.

“There would be no shame in stopping.”

“Yes there would! I would be embarrassing you in front of your friends, Mistress,” I pointed out to her.

“You’re a painslut,” Lois told me, “a slave who craves being punished.”

“Perhaps, Mistress. But as you said to your friends, it was I who sought you out to become a slave.”

“Yes,” she answered, “yes you did.”

“Thank you, Mistress.”

“We had better get outside – Katrina will be waiting.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

Why had Lois expressed such concern for me? Did she mean to spare me a whipping? Or else had she fallen in love with me? How else to explain her consideration for my hide?

As before, my hands were locked behind my back, and a leash led me, pulled by Lois. I followed obediently behind her in silence.

“Thank you, Lois,” said Katrina as we walked back to the ceiling chain, and the spreader bar that awaited me.

“You’re welcome, Katrina.”

Katrina was beautiful, a good-looking woman in her 30s. I wondered what and who she was in her normal life: secretary, manager, mother, or housewife?

“Are you ready, Annette?” Katrina asked.

“Yes, Mistress,” I answered.

“Lois, please chain her up as before.”

It took just a few minutes to make me helpless again, hanging from the ceiling, my arms and legs kept open and vulnerable by the spreader bars.

“Annette, do you accept my discipline?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

Katrina clicked her heels as she walked over to the rack on instruments, and picked out a whip, just as Lois had told me!

She offered it to my lips, and I kissed it without having to be told.

“You’re very submissive, aren’t you,” Katrina commented.

“Yes, Mistress,” I answered.

Why had I agreed to submit myself to such torment? What demons drove me to become a slave? Why couldn’t I be satisfied with having a man beside me in bed, like most women? Why did I have to desire being bound and whipped by a latex clad female, eager to stripe my naked body?

The first stroke of the whip was like a snake coiling itself around my body, and the tip struck my breast, making me jump within my chains. I pulled uselessly against them, unable to escape, yet glad for their strength to keep me in bondage.

Katrina then began to circle my chain nudity, delivering one calculated stroke after another that would wind itself around my body, and the tip would strike, making me moan or cry, depending on it’s severity and place of impact.

My little rest period had actually been a good idea, on second thought. Just a few minutes of release and a little bath had refreshed me, and I knew that I was now able to stand up to the rigors of another session – even one involving the whip!

Again I was the center of attention, as all in the playroom had their eyes glued to me, and my ordeal.

“Aaaaaah!” I cried when the tip found it’s way between my legs to my pussy.

“Hurt you, darling?” Katrina asked.

“No, Mistress, I’m all right,” I answered.

What a strange thing to say – “I’m all right” – while hanging naked and being whipped!

But in a strange way, I did feel fine! Just as I had found an inner strength while being used by Colleen, I again had found it within myself. What strange power did I possess to be able to endure such punishment?

Crack! The whip struck me again, and the tip landed between my breasts, making me cry.

A woman is not supposed to allow herself to be stripped naked in this society, chained, and whipped. But that was what I preferred to do – what did that make me? A slave. Lois’s slave, to be precise.

Crack!

“Are you paying attention, young lady?” Katrina asked.

“Yes, Mistress!”

“Then why are you daydreaming while being whipped?”

“I’m not daydreaming, Mistress. I think that I have discovered subspace, which Mistress Lois told me about.”

“So you think that you are in subspace, that elusive place where slaves can go when they are being punished?”

“Yes, Mistress, I think so.”

“That you have truly attained slavery then, under the lash?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Lois, has she displayed signs that she is in subspace, or is she just daydreaming when you punish her?”

“I’m not sure, Katrina. Annette certainly has the ability to soak up plenty of punishment, but it’s a hard call whether she is in subspace, or can just dream and hang there and absorb discipline,” described Lois.

“Pity we can’t actually tell what’s going on in a slave’s mind,” Angela added, “it would certainly make D/s far easier.”

“That is for the realm of Science Fiction,” Connie answered, “and I’ve it all my life, and unfortunately there is no Science either for that or faster-than-light stardrives.”

“Yes, Connie,” Angela answered, “I well remember how I had to wait for you to watch Star Trek before we could go out together.”

Crack!

It was the sound of another whipstroke that brought us all back to reality, and me in particular. All of us had become so engrossed in the Dommes’ discussion that we had all forgotten that the object at hand was my whipping. All except Katrina, of course!

“There now, that’s better,” said Katrina to everyone, “this isn’t a Tea Party. I’m whipping Annette.”

Crack! Crack! Crack!

If punishment brings dignity, then I must have plenty of dignity from being in bondage and enduring the whip!

Crack! Crack! Crack!

“Aaaaaaah!” I moaned both in pain and pleasure.

“What do you desire more, Annette? A whip or a phallus in your cunt?”

“Both, Mistress,” I answered.

Crack!

I didn’t know, nor care, how many strokes that I had received, or was going to receive. Either way, I was determined not to call my safeword!

Crack! Crack! Crack!

The tip had found it’s way to my inner thighs and sex, yet I stayed silent, absorbing the blows. I entered subspace and concentrated on enjoying the pain of the whip!

Crack! Crack! Crack!

“Is there anything you want, Annette?” Katrina asked.

“A gag, Mistress,” I answered, “a phallus in particular.”

“Lois, could you oblige her?” Katrina asked.

The action paused as Lois retrieved a gag from the toy rack, and offered it to me. I opened my mouth, and she secured the roller buckle at the name of my neck, and made sure that it was seated properly and straight, so that I could wear it comfortably.

Having the familiar object in my mouth again was a relief! Now I couldn’t cry out! Instead my cries and moans would be muffled, and I could suck on the rubber phallus in my mouth! The phallus gag was even better than a ball-gag, in order to insure my silence and to keep my dignity!

Lois then pressed two half-dollars into my right hand, and closed my fingers around them.

“If you are unable to continue then you must release the coins, Annette. Do you understand?”

I nodded yes.

“This is your Mistress speaking to you, I don’t want you to undergo any more punishment than you can properly stand.”

“Mmmmmh!” I replied.

“Thank you, Lois,” said Katrina.

The second part of my whipping began with a series of slow, delicate strokes that barely stung, and Katrina circled around me like a wary cat – the metaphor was apt, given her name and the fact that she was a Domme.

I sucked on the penis gag, glad that they had acceded to my request. My tongue felt the tip (which had a small breathing hole) and ran forwards, over the latex that had been shaped to resemble a phallus.

Once gagged, all I could do was to moan, and pull uselessly at my chains. There was a mirror in the playroom, and I could see myself. I was naked and stretched taut, and I could see the ribs outlined beneath my flesh.

“Mmmmph!” I cried when a vicious stroke landed on my right underarm, the flesh being particularly sensitive there.

Katrina continued my agony, using small strokes to slowly torment me. I warily watched as she whipped me, sucking on the gag, and trying to elevate myself back into subspace.

Could I wear this Domme out? It was a mark of endurance that a slave could endure longer than a Domme’s capacity to punish, so I wondered if I could outlast Katrina. However, I had already been used by both Angela and Connie before her, so I was already well used even before the first stroke of the whip.

“She’s very well trained,” Connie told Lois.

“Thank you very much.”

It seemed so strange to hear two women discussing how much punishment that I could take, as if I was a piece of athletic equipment, instead of a woman!

Crack! Crack! Crack!

It was the sound of the whip striking my flesh that brought me back to reality. There is nothing more deadly than a whip striking a naked girl’s flesh, and currently that was me!

“Mmmmmmph! I cried.

Just when I thought that I was ready to surrender, Katrina stopped and began to pinch my nipples and fondle my breasts.

“You’re a very lovely woman,” Katrina complimented me, “I’m surprised that you want to be a slave – surely you wouldn’t rather have a man at your call buying you things?”

“Mmmmmph!”

“But instead you’re here, and at my mercy. Your lovely breasts, belly, back, thighs, and sex are all available to me – and to my whip, Annette.”

“Mmmmph!”

Katrina’s questing hands had finally found their way between my thighs, and opened by the spreader bar, my wet sex was totally available to her!

“Mmmmmph!” I moaned as her fingers pistoned themselves inside me! “Mmmmmph!”

“You’re such a good girl,” Katrina observed, “now don’t come!”

I held myself back, my erotic control slowly eroding under each attack. How long do you think that a girl can hold out?

“Mmmmmmph!’ I cried, glad for the dignity that the gag imparted to me.

After what seemed an endless torment, Katrina abruptly removed her fingers from my cunt, and licked them on her lips.

“You taste pretty good, Annette. One day I’d like to get you in bed.”

After cleaning off her fingers, Katrina again resumed the stance to begin whipping me again.

Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack!!

Four strokes after another impacted up on my naked, defenseless body, and I pulled at my chains with effect, and bit down on the phallus.

“Congratulations, Annette. You’ve worn me out. Lois, you can take her down and give her a rest.”

I was still clutching the coins when Lois and Angela released me from my bondage, and removed my gag.

“Thank you, Mistress Katrina.”

“You’re welcome, darling.”

---

It was two weeks after all three Domme friends of Lois had used me. Lois had barely touched me afterwards, in order that my punished skin be given a chance to heal.

As the color of my skin turned back from red to pink, and the marks from the crop and whip gradually faded, I knew that there would come a day when I would have to be disciplined.

That happened when I forgot to send out the mail that Lois had requested, making her late on a bank payment. I soon found myself naked, over her knee getting a good paddling for my mistake.

And I would have it no other way!
