---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Back Pain
authors:
- Jan Smith
tags:
- M/f
- F/f
- cuffs
- naked
- susp
- office
- tease
- fantasies
- bdsm
- punish
- oral
- climax
- cons/reluct
- XX
date: 2013-02-03 00:00:00
---

Jan had been putting up with her back pain for a long time and although she was not sure how much good it would do she had made and appointment with a chiropractor. She now sat on the cold table, with nothing on but her panties and one of those silly gowns that had no sides and tied at each shoulder. They were nothing more than a big loin cloth and didn't do a lot to cover her. The nurse who had led her to the tiny examining room had been less than friendly. She was a tall brunet who really didn't seem to want to be working here. Jan was handed the gown, told to remove all her clothes and put it on and the was left alone to wait.

The tall gentleman who came in a short time later put her in a better frame of mind. He was friendly, compassionate and as an extra plus, extremely good looking. Tall and muscular with blond hair and a smile that almost melted Jan into the examination table. Jan loved the feel of his strong hands as he Dr Franks examined her. She lay on her stomach while he probed her back. She would have loved to roll over and get the same treatment to her front. His strong hands on her breasts would have been heaven.

"Nothing too serious, " he said " you've got a pinched nerve, but it is nothing we can't fix. It will take a few visits, but I'm sure we can straighten you out, no pun intended. If you are interested there is a new procedure that we can try that will probably get you feeling better in about a quarter the time. "

Jan loved to play sports so a quicker recovery was defiantly of interest to her.

Dr Franks laid it out for her. Basically she would be hung by her wrists, being put in traction. The weight of her body would pull her back straight and stretch the muscles putting her spine back into alignment. It would be a pretty intensive treatment and she would feel considerable discomfort while in traction, but if she wanted a quicker recovery it may be an option. He left her to think about it. Jan figured that the time saved would probably be worth it and Like the Doctor said, she could try it once and if it was too much for her she could stick with the slower treatment.

Dr Franks took her to a room that had a cable hanging from a winch in the ceiling. A pair of padded cuffs were placed on her wrists and hooked to the cable. Dr Franks pushed a button and Jan was slowly lifted off the floor. She could immediately feel the strain on her shoulders, but she could also feel her back stretching out.

"We will only do a very short session to start with," the Doctor said " so you can see if you can take it or not. I'll be back to check you in just a minute."

Jan hung there and immediately began to think that this was not a treatment she wanted to go through, but she would give it a chance.

It was only a minute or two and Dr Franks returned.

"Lets just check your back and see if this is going to work."

He raised the back of her silly gown and laid it over her shoulder and ran his thumbs along her spine checking for alignment. He had just started when the nurse called and he excused himself and left.

Jan hung there deep in her own thoughts. With the back of her gown flipped up she may as well have been nude although her breasts were covered. Her arms we aching but the fire that was starting to burn in her belly and between her legs was overpowering anything her arms were feeling. Her head tipped back and a soft moan escaped her lips. In her mind she was a slave girl who had displeased her master and had been hung by the head torturer and now awaited her masters wrath. What terrible things would he inflict on her? How much would she suffer before she was finally released.

It wasn't that warm in the room but Jan could feel her self starting to sweat and she was sure that the front of her panties were soaked because her pussy was so wet. She rubbed her legs together, but it gave her no relief. It only aggravated the fire in her pussy. The chiropractor was right. Hanging by her wrists was definitely an intense treatment. Jan wanted to call out to be released, but she couldn't bring herself to call out. Her arms may have ached but the ache in the pit of her stomach was stronger. She just hung there with her new fantasies running through her mind.

She had only hung there for about 10 minutes when the doctor came back and lowered her to the floor. Her wrists were released and she was led to a massage table where she lay on her stomach. The nurse came in and rubbed lotion on her shoulders and arms. God that felt good! She lay there and relaxed as the kinks were worked out of her shoulders, but she couldn't get the erotic thoughts out of her mind. It was all she could do not to moan out loud.
After her rub down she was shown to a shower to wash off all the oil and sweat before she dressed. Did they notice how long she spent under the warm water. Maybe, but the orgasm she had brought herself to was worth the risk.

Before she left the Doctor told her that she might be sore for a couple of days so she shouldn't make the next appointment until she was sure that it was not too intense for her. Her arms did ache the next day, but it was definitely tolerable and she was sure that it had helped her back, so she phoned and made another appointment for the next week.
Even though she knew that there would be considerable discomfort and the next appointment would be longer than the first, she could hardly put it out of her mind. The week didn't pass quick enough.

She definitely had a knot in the pit of her stomach when she walked into the office.

"Act cool" she thought.

Again she was shown to the treatment room by the nurse. She was actually shaking as she removed her clothes and put on the silly gown. As almost an after thought she took a deep breath and slid her panties off too and added them to her bag of clothing. She sat on the cold bench with her eyes closed waiting for the evil Doctor to come in and inflict his torture on her. She had done nothing to deserve being punished other than being available to be his play thing and could do nothing but submit to his whims.

Jan jumped when the door opened and the Doctor walked in.

"Are we ready to give it another go?" he asked.

"Yes." replied Jan "I know I have only had one session, but I am sure that I am noticing a difference already. My back still hurts but I seem to have more movement."

"Excellent." responded the Doc "Some people respond quicker. If you feel you can handle it I would like to extend your session a little quicker than I normally do because you seem to be responding so quickly."

"I'm yours to do with as you please." she blurted.

"Shit!!" thought Jan " Why did I say something so stupid!"

"I am sure that I can handle it." Jan added "From doing sports I know that sometimes a little pain is necessary. It will benefit me and not injure me, so I will leave it up to you judgment as how to proceed. After all, you are the Doctor."

The wrist cuffs were strapped on and attached to the rope from the ceiling and Jan was hoisted off the floor. Instantly she could feel her pussy getting wet.

"There you go." Said the Doc "Does everything feel OK?"

"Yes." replied Jan "I'm good."

"Fine." he said "I'll be back to check on you in about 10 Minutes and we will see then if you can handle a little more."

As soon as she was alone Jan let out a soft moan. Her slave fantasies started to flood through her head and the knot in her stomach made her squirm. The fact that she could not touch her pussy made the experience even better. While hanging there she turned her head and noticed the bow tied on top of her shoulder holding the funny gown together. Without even thinking she grabbed the end of the bow with her teeth and pulled. A slight wiggle and the gown slipped off her one shoulder and fell open. The gown hung down her side leaving her essentially naked.

Even when she had walked through a bar naked on a dare in her collage days, she had never felt this exposed. She squirmed and rubbed her legs together and let her head fall back and closed her eyes. She hardly felt the pressure on her arms. The pressure between her legs was all consuming.

A mirror on the wall was almost in the right position so that she could see most of the helpless slave hanging in the dungeon. She had a lovely sheen as sweat was starting to cover her helpless form. Oh how beautiful she would look twisting in her bonds as the evil dungeon master used his whip and made her beg to service him any way he pleased. Her begging and pleading for his cock would fill the room.

The minutes ticked by and Jan suddenly realized that the Doctor would be coming back and see her naked body. She felt a little modesty but mostly she watched the door in anticipation of the Doctor returning and finding her naked. Maybe he would pull off his belt and whip her ass for her insolence or maybe he would just pull out his cock and fuck her while she hung there. Jan felt like such a slut for letting all these erotic thoughts run through her head and she was sure she should be punished for that.

A slight panic ran through her as the door started to open. What would his reaction be?

"Oh. We seem to have had a slight wardrobe malfunction." was all he said as he walked up to her.

He walked behind her and took ahold of her waist working his thumbs along her spine. Jan jumped as his touch felt like an electric shock.

"Did that hurt?" he asked.

"No." replied Jan " It just startled be a little."

"Good." he said "Everything is coming nicely and I can feel a marked improvement. Would you like me to lower you or can you handle a little longer today?"

"You're the doctor. You lay out the treatment and I will just have to follow it." Jan said with a nervous giggle. "I guess I am really in no position to argue."

"Ok" he said "another 5 minutes will be about all for today."

With that he reached up and rearranged her gown and tied it back in place and then walked to a desk sitting with his back to her working on some papers.

Was he stupid. Jan had basically gave him permission to use her and abuse her in any way he wanted and he covered up her nakedness. She stared at his back and tried to will him into coming to her, stripping the stupid gown off her and whipping her until she begged to be fucked like the slut that she is. She just hung there with her eyes closed, lost in her erotic thoughts.

She popped back to reality as she felt herself lowering to the floor. The nurse came in and helped her to the table and massaged her arms and back and then she spent that extra time she enjoyed so much in the shower.

Another appointment was made for the following week and Jan went home to wait. She could not stop thinking about the up coming appointment. She was sure that the good looking doctor wanted to have his way with her as much as she wanted to experience what ever he would decide to do to her. Why else would he schedule her next appointment right at the end of the day. In fact her appointment was after office hours. Her fantasies were sure to come true.

To say that time dragged would defiantly be an understatement. To make it worse, other than in the shower after her last appointment, Jan would not let herself make herself cum. That heightened the anticipation and would make the session almost unbearable. Finally she was sitting in the waiting office watching the other patients come and go. The amount of people in the office got less and less and her time grew closer and closer.

"Hello Jan. If you will follow me we can get started."

The doctors invitation startled her as she was sitting lost in her thoughts. She followed him into the treatment room exchanged pleasantries, and he left while she prepared. Jan was actually shaking as she stripped naked. She picked up the gown and then an idea struck her. She took the gown and stuffed it into the bottom the bag for her clothing and covered it up with her stuff. She stood in the middle of the room and awaited her tormenter.

"There was no robe for me to put on." she mumbled as the doctor entered the room.

"I'm really sorry about that." apologized the doc, "I'll speak to my nurse about that. If you can come here we will get started anyway's as I am a little pressed for time. I'm sorry you have no gown."

The wrist straps were put on and Jan was hoisted into the air. The doctor got her positioned and left the room.

"Pressed for time my ass!" thought Jan " It would have only taken a minute to get a gown. He wants me naked. I'm sure that he is planning what he will do to me right now. Oh this will be a night to remember."

Jan hung there with her head back and her eyes closed. She was so horny she could hardly stand it.

The door opened and closed.

"It begins!" thought Jan

She slowly lifted her head and opened her eyes, but instead of the doctor, there stood the nurse with her hands on her hips.

"Thanks a lot bitch" snipped the nurse, " I don't know where you put the robe, but I know it was here when you came in. Your little stunt just got me my ass chewed out!"

She walked up to Jan and with her finger gave her a little push. Jan swung back and forth slowly as the nurse walked around her.

"It's really obvious what you are scheming," said the nurse giving Jan another push making here swing back and forth, "and being subtle is definitely not one of your strong suits. You've got nerve, I'll give you that. There were only a few things wrong with your little plan. First thing is that Doctor Franks gets in his own little world and doesn't catch on too quick and secondly he is about as gay as you can get. In fact the reason he isn't here is that he is on a date with his boyfriend. On top of getting shit for your little stunt with the gown, I have to work late to accommodate you. All the other patients are gone, the office is locked up and we have the whole place to our selves."

Panic gripped Jan as she listened to the nurses story and watched her move around the room.

Erica picked up Jans' bag of clothes and pulled out her pants. With a wicked smile, she slowly slid the leather belt out of the loops on the jeans.She walked back to Jan and gave her another push and then stood in front of her and slowly pulled the belt between her fingers.

"This is very nice leather." Erica observed "So soft and finely made. I'll bet this belt cost more than one of my whole outfits."

Erica stood behind Jan and let the belt trail over her back. It felt like an electric shock as it touched her. She draped it over Jan's shoulder and let it slide over her breasts. Jan's head was swimming. What was happening? Her fantasy about being Doctor Frank's pleasure slave had turned into a nightmare and now she belonged to a dungeon mistress.

Why did she even think that. She was basically kidnapped by a psycho nurse and she thought of her as mistress. Was she loosing her mind.

"CRACK"

Jan was so surprised she didn't make a sound when the belt landed across her ass, but she let out a streak when the second blow landed.

"Your third and probably biggest mistake was pissing me off !" Erica chuckled, "I am so going to enjoy listening to you beg for my forgiveness."

Jan hung there wide eyed as Erica stood in front of here and started to unbutton her uniform.

"I'm sorry!" wined Jan, "I didn't mean to get you in trouble. I don't know what got into me. I've never done anything like this before. I shouldn't have had fantasies like that with Dr Franks but it made me so horny when he hung me like this. Please let me down and let me go home! I'm sorry ! Please Mistress!"

Shit! There was that word again. Jan had actually called her mistress.

Jan was so confused. She was so scared she thought she could cry, but she couldn't take her eyes off the tall nurse undressing in front of her and her pussy was on fire. She felt like she had been punched in the belly as she watched the uniform hit the floor. Erica was gorgeous standing there in her pale blue bra and panties.

"You were obviously ready do do anything for Dr Franks." questioned Erica as she pressed her breasts into Jan's back, "I'm sure you'd like to offer me the same courtesy. It may take a little persuading but I'm sure you will."

What was happening?

Panic filled Jan as she hung there. Her little fantasy about being a slave being punished by a handsome Master was turning into the real thing, except that now as she hung there she felt breasts rubbing on her back and a soft hand sliding down her belly towards her pussy.

How could she stop this madness?

Why was she spreading her legs to allow access to the hand?

Why did she moan as two fingers slipped into her pussy?

"My my, we are a little wet aren't we?" chuckled Erica, wiping her fingers on Jan's ass. "I'm beginning to think that you are enjoying this."

"No!" sobbed Jan "Please let me go! I'm sorry! I didn't mean to get you in trouble! Please, I'll tell Dr Franks what I --AUGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"

The lash across her ass had come without warning and burned like fire. Another landed on her ass and then three on her back and a couple across her belly, but the one that took her breath away was the cutting blow right across her tits.

"Oh but you must have paid a small fortune for this belt." observed Erica as she walked around Jan rubbing her hand over her ass, back and belly. "It is so soft that it is hardly even leaving a mark. Just a slight bit of pink, but by the way you are reacting I must assume that it stings more than just a little."

Her hand moved up and cupped Jan's right breast, the one that took the brunt of the lash.

Erica gave it a little squeeze and continued, "I liked your reaction the best when I showed interest to your tits. We must not forget them and only pay attention to your ass, as lovely as it is."

"Please!" Begged Jan " Please let me go! I am so sorry for everything I did! Please stop! It hurts so bad! I know I did you wrong, but I don't deserve to be punished like this!"

Jan suddenly heard the motor for the winch start and her toes touched the floor and then she was standing and the pressure was taken off her arms. God that felt good. She just slumped in her bonds enjoying the relief.

She was alone! Erica had left without a word. Jan quickly undid the wrist cuffs, or at least she tried too. The cuffs we joined together and the way they incased her wrists she couldn't get her fingers to the buckles. She tried to use her teeth but the straps were held down with snaps that she couldn't undo. Shit! These weren't medical equipment, they were actual bondage cuffs.

She tried to undo the snap that attached the cable but she couldn't get at that either. She jerked on the cable and pulled but there was no way she was getting loose. She stood there with her head on her arm. She should be scared or at least pissed off but it really confused her how she did feel. The knot in her stomach and the fire in her pussy made her knees weak. She jerked and pulled on the rope in a desperate attempt to pull it from the ceiling, but to no avail. Tears were trickling down her cheeks. She was so scared.

No. Scared wasn't it. Maybe it was anger at Erica, but to be honest, she had got her into trouble so she really shouldn't blame her. It couldn't be excitement. She could still feel the stinging from the short whipping she had received, and she was sure there was more to come, and from another woman and not a hansom doctor. Where was Erica? Why was she making her wait?

No! This wasn't even close to what she wanted.

Jan thought her head would explode.

"Are we all rested up?"

Jan jumped at the sound of Erica's voice.

Erica had picked up the bag of Jan's cloths and dumped the rest of them out on a counter. With mock surprise she picked up the gown that Jan had hid.

"Look what we have here." giggled Erica. "No wonder you couldn't find it. I must have some how put it in here by mistake. That was very silly of me."

Erica picked up Jan's panties and and rubbed the material between her fingers.

"Mmmm, Silk. " she mused "You do like quality don't you? I feel like such a peasant in my cotton undies. It must offend you."

Jan's bra fell to the floor and was immediately followed by her panties.

"There. Now you don't have to look at my rags"

Jan couldn't take her eyes off Erica. She really was beautiful. Her dark hair and eyes gave her a look that demanded respect and her body would be the envy of any woman. It was obvious that she did weight training, but her muscles were beautifully toned and not hard looking. Her breasts were not huge, but stood tall and demanded attention. Her hips were just wide enough and her ass just round enough that jean makers would sell their souls to have her wear them. She was perfect!

"Oh, these feel so smooth."

Erica was rubbing herself all over with Jan's panties paying particular attention to her pussy. She took he panties from between her legs, wadded them into a ball. Jan could smell Erica's mustiness as the panties were placed on her lips and she opened her mouth and allowed them to be pushed into her mouth. The winch started and Jan was pulled up till she was standing on her tip toes. Erica walked up and took each nipple in her fingers and gave them a slight squeeze.

"I am not totally without mercy." said Erica, "If you apologize to me and tell me how sorry you are for everything that you have done, I will let you down."

Erica squeezed Jan's nipples a little harder making her squirm. "But if you don't I am afraid I will have to teach you a lesson you will never forget. The little taste I gave you before will seem like nothing to what I'll have to put you through."

She squeezed even harder making Jan squeal . "So what will it be ?"

I'm Sorry for what I did! I'll never do anything like that again! I'm really sorry" Jan begged, or that is what Jan heard in her head. All that got past the wadded up panties in her mouth were inaudible mumbles.

"What was that?" asked Erica, "I didn't quite catch what you said."

"Please don't whip me! I'm sorry!" Jan tried to say, but again the panties stopped her pleading.

Erica picked up the belt and walked around Jan running her free hand down Jan's back and over her ass. Erica reached around cupping Jan's tits and pressed her own breasts into Jan's back and whispered in Jan's ear.

"I am going to enjoy this." she said, "I have got to give little spankings before, but nothing even close to what you will experience. I think that by the time I am finished you will not only apologize, but you will call me Mistress. Yes, I think I will Like that."

Jan's mind was going a hundred miles a hour.

"Just spit out the panties and beg!" Jan thought to herself, "Maybe she will let you go like she promised!"

Again mumbles were all that got past the gag.

"They aren't tied in!" Jan yelled at herself " Spit them out and beg. She's going to whip the shit out of you for christ sakes! Just spit them out!"

The winch whirled and Jan's feet left the floor.

Jan hung there with her eyes closed.

"Spit them out and beg." she kept telling herself, but the voice in her head seemed to be getting further and further away "spit them out and beg."

Jan's eyes grew wide as she watched Erica, belt in hand, draw her arm back. The first blow landed right across her ass, the second, her back and the third her tits. Although they stung she hardly felt the lashes compared to the few that Erica had inflicted on her earlier.

Ass, back, tits, belly, and across her pussy the belt fell. Jan wined and twisted every time the lash landed. Erica moved around her and systematically lashed pretty much every part of Jan's body, paying particular attention to Jan's tits and belly. Erica may not have been whipping her as hard as before, but after a while it felt like a swarm of bees. Jan's moans and yelps were getting louder and she was covered in sweat. She closed her eyes and bit down on the panties.

God it hurt, but why was there such a throbbing between her legs. Why could Jan feel herself building to an orgasm when nothing touched her except the belt. Every time he belt fell across her tits she could feel herself closer to coming. Her head hung back, and moans escaped from her gagged mouth, and then it stopped.

"Noooo!" thought Jan "Don't stop! Not Now!"

She had been with in a heart beat of coming and it was driving her crazy. She hung there moaning louder than when she was being whipped.

"Oh God, please let me come!"

She felt her toes touch the floor and the weight was off her arms. Her legs felt like rubber so she had trouble standing.

"I am afraid I am not done with you yet my dear," said Erica "but we must give those arms a rest so that I can play with you for a long time."

Jan had not even noticed the pain in her arms. The whip and especially the throbbing between her legs had prevented that. Erica's hands rubbing her shoulders was driving her mad. Jan thought that it was the greatest sensation she had ever felt, but when she felt Erica's breasts press into her back and Erica's hands slip around and cup her own breasts she almost fainted. She moaned and pushed back into those lovely tits. Little stuttered screams came past her lips as Erica's hands slipped down her belly towards her pussy. She twisted and gulped for air as spread her legs for the approaching fingers.

"No !!" moaned Jan as the hand and tits we suddenly taken away. She slumped in her bonds. This was worse than the whipping.

Jan felt her arms start to rise and again she was lifted off the floor. She hung there with her eyes closed and awaited her next round of punishment. Erica's hand felt like little electric shocks and it ran over her ass, over her belly and gripped her tits. It was removed and Jan knew the belt was next.

With her eyes closed Jan did not see what was coming and the blast of pain across her tits caused her to let out a scream that blew the soggy panties out of her mouth. She screamed again as the belt fell across her ass. Her eyes were wide open now and she watched Erica, arm draw back for another blow.

Jan was yelling constantly as blow after blow continued to land. Ass, back, tits, belly, legs. Almost no part of her body was ignored.

"Please stop!!!" screamed Jan between the lashes of the belt "I'm sorry! I was wrong to do what I did! I'm sorry! Please stop! No more! Please! Oh God, please stop!"

Jan was sobbing as her feet again touched the floor. Thank god it was over!

Erica pressed her tits into Jan's back and one hand went to her pussy and the other to a breast "I'm glad to see that you are seeing the error of your ways."

Jan's legs were like rubber and could hardly support her weight. It wasn't from the whipping. It was the firm hands that were rubbing pussy and squeezing her tits.

"I see that you are truly sorry for what you have done. I guess that you have been punished enough and will never do anything like that again. Am I right ?" asked Erica.

"Yes." Moaned Jan, "I was a thoughtless bitch and what I did was wrong. I am so sorry that I got you in trouble. Thank you for forgiving me."

Erica walked to the winch controls on the wall. Jan's eyes grew wide when instead of her arms lowering her feet came of the floor again. Jan almost fainted when Erica walked up to her and gave her lift nipple a little kiss and a little bite.

"Yes, you are sorry and have been punished enough," said Erica, taking both nipples in her fingers."Now we will just enjoy our selves, or at least I will enjoy my self. We'll just call this play time."

Erica moved behind Jan and her breasts felt like fire as she pushed them into Jan's back. She reached around and cupped both of Jan's breasts and whispered in her ear. "Remember when you called me Mistress?"

Jan gulped and nodded.

"I like that." continued Erica, giving Jan's breasts a hard squeeze, "You'll call me Mistress from now on, won't you?"

A soft "Yes Mistress." was all Jan could get out.

Erica moved to the switch and Jan was lowered once again to the floor. Erica moved in front of Jan and pressed up against her, their tits mashing together her hot breath on Jan's neck. She nibbled on Jan's neck and then let her tongue track down to her nipples. Erica gave each of them a little suck and then stood back up and gave Jan a kiss.

Jan thought that she might pass out.

Erica grabbed a handful of Jan's hair and whispered in her ear, "And best of all you will kneel between my legs and eat my pussy till I come. You'll use your tongue to satisfy me won't you?"

Erica roughly pulled Jan's head back by her hair and sternly commanded, "Beg for my cunt Bitch !"

Oh how Jan wanted to satisfy her beautiful tormentor. The thought of Erica's legs gripping her head and her screaming as she experienced the most intense orgasm she has ever experienced almost made Jan come herself.

"No !" moaned Jan.

She will make her new mistress cum like never before.

"No! I can't! Please Mistress, don't make me!" said Jan, slumping in her bonds.

Jan so wanted to eat Erica's pussy.

The winch whirred and Jan's feet left the floor.

Erica walked up to Jan belt in hand.

"The longer you wait the harder you will have to beg for my cunt," said Erica, "and the more I have to whip you the more I am sure I will enjoy my reward."

"Please!" moaned Jan, "Please let me lick your pussy."

"Too Late!" yelled Erica as she lashed Jan across the tits.

Jan let out a scream and then the next lash fell on her ass, and then her back and then her tits again.

"Aghhhhhhhh!" yelled Jan "Please Stop! Aggghhhhhh! Please Stop! Noooo more! Please! Aghhhhhhh!"

Jan was yelling constantly and twisting in her restraints as the belt kept finding every part of her body. Erica circled her helpless victim and seemed to like to pay particular attention to Jan's loins.

"Please! I'll eat you!" yelled Jan, "Pleeeeaaase stop! I'll lick your pussy! Ooooohhhhh, No more! Aghhhhhhhh. Please stop! Please let me eat you! Please Mistress!"

The whipping stopped and Erica with a handful of Jan's hair whispered in her ear "Are you ready to eat my cunt ?"

"Yes." replied Jan, "please let me lick your pussy."

At that another quick round of whipping had Jan screaming again.

"What do you want to lick?"

"Your pussy." wined Jan

Another session with the whip.

Again Erica asked, "What do you want?"

"Your cunt!" gasped Jan, "Your cunt. Please let me lick our cunt. Please Mistress, let me make you come. I'll stick my tongue up your cunt and make you come. Please let me eat you! Please! Please!"

Jan's feet touched the floor and she continued lowering until she lay on the cool tiles and Erica unhooked the rope from her wrist cuffs. She lay there with her eyes closed. It was such relief to be able to move her arms.

"Come to me."

Jan opened her eyes and saw Erica sitting on the edge of the examination table. She spread her legs and motioned for Jan to come and then she lay back on the table with her legs dangling off the edge. Without a word by either of them Jan crawled forward between Erica's spread legs. Erica draped them over Jan's shoulders and Jan softly buried her face in Erica's pussy. Jan had eaten pussy once before, but she had been drunk so she was not an expert on pleasing another woman. If she did not please Erica it would not be for lack of trying. She gently kissed Erica's slit and almost teasingly flicked her with her tongue.

Erica let out a soft moan and squirmed on the table, and then a yelp when Jan gave her a playful bite.With both hands she grabbed Jan's hair and pulled her face roughly into her cunt. Jan pushed her tongue as far up Erica's pussy as she could and licked for all she was worth. Erica bucked and twisted on the table so violently that she would have knocked Jan away if she didn't have such a grip on her hair. Jan face was pulled in so tightly between Erica's legs that she could hardly breath, but that didn't stop her from licking and sucking as hard as she could. It wasn't for fear of the whip. She wanted to please her beautiful mistress.

Erica wrapped her legs around Jan's head in a scissor hold and let out a scream. Her body stiffened and then went limp and then she laid there, gulping for breath, with Jan collapsed at her feet. A soft whine was all Jan issued when Erica took ahold of her hair and forced her to crawl back to the rope dangling from the ceiling.

"No more." she whispered as the rope was reattached to her wrists. "Please Mistress, No more, No more."

She was drug off the floor until her feet left the ground. Erica walked up to Jan, but instead of using the whip she knelt in front of Jan's stretched body. She spread Jan's legs and moved them up onto her own shoulders and buried her face in Jan's pussy.

Jan's whole body ached from being suspended and the whipping she had received, but that was immediately in the past. The all consuming fire between her legs was spreading out over her whole body. Her mind was spinning and she was loosing track of where she was.

"EEEEEAAAAAAGGHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!"

When she came Jan let out a scream louder than any that the whip had induced. Her orgasm was so violent that it was almost painful. Lights flashed in her head. It was almost like looking through a fog as she hung there limply and watched Erica walk towards the switch to lower her. When the rope was slack she just lay on the cool floor with her eyes closed.

Jan woke up and stretched her stiff arms. They were sore but from some of her sports training she had actually felt worse in the past. She could hear Erica moving around in the kitchen. Erica had driven her home and helped her into the house. If the massage Erica gave her felt like heaven, how would she describe the hot bath afterward where Erica sat on the edge of the tub and lathered every inch of Jan's body.

The previous night seemed like a dream, but Erica entering the room with a cup of hot tea for Jan proved that it had actually happened. Erica sat the tea on the night table and knelt on the edge of the bed and stroked Jan's hair.

"I was just in your basement and there is a perfect place to turn into a treatment room." said Erica " No sense paying those exorbitant chiropractic fees."

Jan would have agreed but Erica had opened her robe and straddled Jan's head, and Jan was already doing her best to please her new Mistress.
