---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: What Might Have Been
authors:
- Strand Ankler
tags:
- M-m
- D-s
- naked
- bond
- rope
- gag
- fantasy
- force
- edgeplay
- oral
- mast
- anal
- climax
- cons-reluct
- X
date: 2014-10-18 00:00:00
---

This is pretty much written off the cuff, making it up as I go along; probably will be a shortie, but I just don't know.

I have found that much of what turns me on about past experiences is what they might have become if only I had been a little bolder or more imaginative. One such event in my life happened a very long time ago - before the Internet even. I forget a lot of details, but will do my best to tell what really did happen, then what I wish had happened.

Let's call him Jeff. Somehow we contacted each other through the personals in a magazine. We exchanged a letter or two, then phone conversation. He was maybe ten years older than me, but in pretty good shape. More worldly and experienced; and dominant. I had enjoyed being with the ladies rarely over the previous year, so sought out a guy to maybe tie me up.

Eventually Jeff visited at my apartment. After a bit of chat, he said that we should both strip naked. It was very humiliating for me because I had never been naked alone with a man before - only in mass showers at school and in the service. I had learned long before from a lady that I was pretty well built, and the look from Jeff reconfirmed that. He was quite rugged himself.

We decided that he would tie me up then. After all, that is why I had invited him to my home. Jeff was very efficient; he had my wrists crossed behind my back and securely tied in only a couple of minutes as I knelt on the carpeted floor where he had insisted I be in order to be properly humbled.

Before adding any more ropes to really secure me completely, Jeff reached his hand down behind my back, touching my ass and keeping in touch as he moved toward my testicles. Between my asshole and balls, he touched a very sensitive spot which caused me to yelp and complain. And that was the end of that. He quickly untied me, then we did a few light tie ups before he left and never returned.

What I later wished I had done before he began to untie me was say, "I'm sorry, Sir. You just surprised me. Maybe you should gag me so I won't be able to complain about anything."

"Alright, but don't say you didn't ask for it. Hmmm, I guess you won't if you're gagged. Ho ho."

Since this is an imagining what might have been done, I guess we'll say he picked up my jockey shorts and stuffed them into my mouth, followed by a very tight winding of rope around my head and between my teeth to hold the shorts in me.

From the time Jeff really, in fact, began to tie my wrists, I had a realization of what he could do to me: rob me, kill me, perform any atrocity he desired, including rape. I know that if he had gagged me as I imagine, I would have been even less able to control his usage of me.

I imagine that Jeff would have roughly tied my arms together so that my elbows nearly touched. I imagine that he might have tied my ankles and legs, and attached them to the upper arm ropes in a cruel hogtie. I imagine that he might have left me there on the floor, helpless as he plundered through my belongings while wandering about my apartment.

In my imaginings, he would not have stolen from me, but would have returned to begin to plunder my body. He would have untied my legs, raised me to my knees again, tied my ankles to my thighs in a spread position to hold me kneeling, then tied a leash around my balls. My balls securely leashed and the leash in his hand, he would have removed the gag with a warning tug and tell me not to dare make a sound.

Right there in front of my eyes, he would have put a condom on his hardening cock, gently tugged the leash with one hand, pinched my nostrils shut with the other, then orally raped me.

After the rape, he would have even more tightly gagged me, slowly and very edgingly masturbated me, made me eventually cum . . . and then gagged me yet again.

Time would have passed - maybe hours - as he ate and showered and searched my home even more.

Then he would have returned to me. Refreshed. He would have untied my ankles and legs and led me into my bedroom. He would have forced me facedown onto my own bed and tied my ankles wide apart to the bedposts. He would have carefully lubricated me and then - gently at first, then more and more roughly - raped me again.

In the end, Jeff, in my imaginings, would have left me gagged and lightly tied so that I could get to a kitchen knife.

I would have showered, remembering all that I had endured.

A week later, Jeff would have telephoned me, saying, "This Friday night. Eight pm. Haqve your door unlocked. Be naked in your bedroom. Have those handcuffs I found in your stuff on your wrists behind your back." Click

So, my friend, that is what happened, then what might have happened - for which I would not be sorry - if I had only been bolder. Learn from this lesson, my friend; it's too late now for me, but maybe not for you.
