---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Just Being Neighbourly
authors:
- Anne Gray
tags:
- F-f
- bond
- leather
- toys
- reluct
- X
date: 2006-09-18 00:00:00
---

Since
the day she moved in next door I had been helplessly in love with her. 
She was gorgeous and, during the summer, I spent hours looking out my
upstairs window at her sunbathing in the back garden.

In my
mind Mary could have been the model for the ultimate in feminine beauty. 
I knew for a fact that she was 5’ 8”, 38” 24” 36” and lying in
the sun gleaming with sheen of oil or dressed to perfection to go to her office,
eye catching was an understatement.

I have
been told that I am attractive and I do try to keep myself presentable but
compared to my neighbour I felt like the ugly sister.

Now the
colder weather had arrived and, even though she didn’t know it, this weekend
Mary was going to be my guest and we were going to have some serious fun.

I had
watched as she left for work this Friday morning. 
She was single and a very successful chartered accountant; many days she
didn’t bother driving since the local transit system had a bus stop just
around the block from our homes.  The
silvery gray leather coat was tightly buttoned and belted with the hem just
brushing the top of the knee boots she wore. 
The 3” block heels were sensible with our uncertain weather but she,
somehow, made them look like 6” stilettos.

At 4
o’clock I left my own house wearing my dark brown leather coat, the hood up
against a cold wind.  My boots, like
hers were knee length and sensibly heeled.  I took the bus down to the junction of the route from her
office and settled on a bench to wait.

As soon
as I got a glimpse of her very distinctive coat at the other end of the depot I
quickly boarded the waiting local bus and stared out of a window. 
Naturally, I was very surprised when Mary slid in the seat beside me with
a friendly greeting.

We
chatted about this and that on the way home and then, as we were walking towards
our houses, I tried my play.

“I’ve
got those quotes we wanted to fix the fence between our gardens Mary. 
Do you have time for a cup of tea so we can decide which to accept?”

“After
the week I’ve just finished a cup of tea sounds like just the thing I need to
unwind a bit.”

If she
only knew!

Mary
hung our coats in the closet while I went to put the kettle on and make the tea
then we sat side by side at the table looking at the paperwork and sipping Earl
Grey.

I used
one hand to catch the cup and the other to steady Mary making sure she didn’t
hurt herself as she slumped forward.  I turned her head so that her cheek was resting on the table
and gently stroked that lovely face, tucking her hair behind her ear and
reveling in the games I had planned for the two of us.

Just
over an hour later she was naked except for the ankle and wrist cuffs that held
her spread-eagled on my bed chesterfield.  There
was no way to carry her upstairs so I had opened the couch in the living room
and used the unobtrusive ring
bolts installed at the corners to strap her down.

The
leather discipline helmet covered her head except for eyeholes, an opening over
her mouth and two smaller ones under her nostrils. Since the helmet would be on
for some time I had selected one that was rubber lined to protect the leather
from her perspiration.  As I had
tugged at the laces down the back it molded to her features like a gleaming
black second skin.  Her hair came
out through a small hole at the top of her head and was braided it to keep it
out of the way.

Deep in
each ear, under the helmet, were small receivers with the aerials tucked behind
her ears.  The CD player on the
table beside the bed was loaded with everything from the classics of Brahms,
Tchaikovsky and Beethoven to modern day Roger Williams. 
I felt it would be more relaxing for Mary, with the situation she found
herself in, than the usual white noise.

I was
also naked for the moment as I straddled her waist, working the rubber covered
ring gag between Mary’s teeth, then buckled its strap behind her head. 
Sitting back on my haunches I watched while Mary came out from under the
sedative I had laced in her tea.  Once
her eyes blinked a few times and then focused, I settled the foam lined leather
blindfold over them and lifted her head to tighten the strap that would hold it
in place.

Knowing
that she was completely conscious made it safe to screw the large rubber insert
through the ring gag effectively muting my captive neighbour.

Now
there was time for me to get into my favorite outfit and, after a quick check of
Mary’s bonds, I picked up all the discarded clothing to take upstairs with me.

Like
the hood laced so tightly over Mary’s head my leather one piece body suit fit
like a glove.  The legs ended at the
ankle but were hidden beneath the tightly laced knee boots with 5” heels and
the top, which confined my breasts so firmly, ended with a 2” neck band. 
Even though she could not see it I had redone my makeup with lots of
colour around the eyes and a brilliant red lipstick.

Sitting
watching her I pulled on the elbow length kid gloves and knew that, as planned,
this was going to be very slow and very delicious. 
Leaning over I ran my tongue around her nipple and, even though the
spread eagle had partially flattened her breasts, the tip responded allowing me
to carefully capture it with a clamp.  Sitting
back, gloating, I waited fifteen minutes before repeating the process on the
other one.

When my
leather covered fingers started to slowly stroke her inner thighs she groaned
and I could see her testing the fur lined cuffs. 
I allowed one hand to tempt her love nub from its hiding place then
captured it with yet another clamp.

Fighting
to keep my patience, and stay with the scenario I had planned for the last week,
I waited again, practically drooling over the beautiful, helpless form stretched
in front of me.  Finally I unbuckled
the strap holding her right ankle to the foot of the bed and pulled her leg up
and over until I could re-fasten it to the same bolt holding her wrist.

The
left leg received the same treatment and then I could tighten both straps until
her ankles almost touched her wrists.

Standing
back, quivering with anticipation, I removed the crotch cover from my suit and
slowly worked the 6” length of a double dildo inside me; no lubrication was
needed, I was making enough of my own.  After
fastening the several buckles around my thighs and waist I climbed on the bed
and settled myself until the other head of the strap-on was resting at the
entrance to Mary’s love tunnel.

Reaching
between her legs I gently began to massage her breasts and then, infinitely
slowly, pushed my hips forward until the head of the double dildo disappeared.  Feeling
the pressure on the shaft inside me, I gradually rotated my body between the
waist and knees, doubling and then tripling the sensations, as I leaned further
forwards forcing the hard rubber to its full length inside my captive.

There
were some muffled moans getting past the gag but they stopped as I worked my
hips backwards and forwards allowing the toy to rape us both. 
Her head was shaking from side to side as the air whistled through the
nose holes in the helmet.

I was
having trouble controlling my own building reactions to the movement of the
dildo inside me and, finally, I knew I could hold it no longer. 
With one last effort I withdrew almost all the way, pulled the clamps
from her nipples and immediately rammed back into her.

Oh God!

Gradually
I recovered from the most amazing orgasm and lifted myself from where I had
collapsed over Mary’s body.  Her
chest was heaving as she tried to get more air than the helmet allowed and I
withdrew the dildo then retied her ankles to the foot of the bed leaving her to
recover in a more comfortable position.

Taking
off the strap-on to clean it and then the two of us with a warm cloth I
collected a bottle of white wine that had been chilling in the fridge and poured
myself a glass.  Not liking to drink
alone I removed the plug from the ring gag, took a large sip from the glass and
then leaned over to slowly let it dribble from my mouth to Mary’s.

After
an hour or so I repeated the whole process and, between us, we finished the
wine.  Totally satisfied and tired I
tied Mary’s right wrist to her left, did the same with her ankles and then
crawled on the bed and spooned her against me. 
Pulling a cover over us I slept.

The
next morning I locked Mary’s wrists behind her back, released her ankles and
maneuvered her to the powder room to do the necessary. 
After that I used several lengths of cord to hold her in a kitchen chair
while I threw a couple of bananas, some strawberries and a couple of pints of
yogurt in the blender.

It was
really erotic to watch as I used a small spoon to place the mixture in her mouth
through the ring gag.  She collected
it with her tongue, swallowed, and then explored her mouth for the next
offering.

After
that late breakfast I led her back to the bed and used plastic wrap around each
wrist to protect her skin then taped them to her thighs. 
Turning her to lay on her stomach I strapped her ankles wide apart,
pulled on a latex glove and greased her rear entrance for the butt plug. 
That got a reaction but she had no way of resisting and I followed it
with a nice large dildo in the front.  I
used a stretchy rubber crotch strap to hold everything in place then wrapped and
taped her ankles together.

The
large clear plastic bag was made for garment storage but, as I worked it up her
body, she fit inside very nicely.  Sitting her up I gathered the top of the bag around her neck
ready to tape it closed but first poured in two bottles of baby oil.

Allowing
Mary to fall back I started to massaged her entire body through the plastic;
rolling her from side to side until she was completely coated with the oil.

Kneeling
beside her on the bed I allowed my left hand to kneed her breasts and their
erect nipples while my right hand held the vibrating wand.  
For a few seconds I allowed the tip of the wand to touch her crotch but
it was enough for her body to arch in search of harder contact.

After
teasing her for more than half an hour I finally pushed the wand down between
her legs so that, without tearing the plastic, it contacted both the butt plug
and the dildo.

Almost
immediately Mary arched upwards until the back of her head and her feet were the
only parts of her touching the bed.  As she collapsed back down I turned off the wand.

As her
breathing slowed and became as regular as it could, given the restrictions of
the helmet, she suddenly began to grunt.

The
first few notes of Beethoven’s 5th.

Thirty
seconds later I had the gag out and was peeling off the blindfold.

“Why
did you safe word?  Are you all
right?

“What
time is it?”

“Just
after 3 on Saturday afternoon.”

“I
thought so.  That was such a lovely
session I wanted it to go on forever but I have a meeting with a special client
on Sunday and have to do some homework on the account. 
You didn’t give me a chance to tell you.”

“Damn,
I had something very special planned for tonight.”

“Save
it for another time and Anne, why don’t you sell or rent this house and move
in with me?  It would be so much
more sensible than us just being neighbourly!”
