---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Horse Riding Discipline 1: The Saddle Room'
authors:
- Mister B
tags:
- F/f
- D/s
- stables
- bdsm
- crop
- punish
- cons/reluct
- X
---

**Part 1: The Saddle Room**

Ever since I was a school girl I have been taking horse riding lessons. I started out when I was about ten riding on a pony. When I was fourteen I started riding horses. My horse riding instructor was from that moment on a tough woman who exercised relentless discipline over her pupils and accepted no fooling around. If I, or any of my fellow pupils where messing around she would point her riding crop at you and say; "You there, saddle room duty!" This meant you had to organize and maintain the saddle room after finishing your class.

When you where finished you had to wait for her to come for inspection. After she had scrutinized the whole room she would circle around you, stand behind you and explain exactly what she did not like about your behavior. Then she would run her riding crop down along your back and ask you if you thought you had been punished for a good reason. As a timid girl I would stammer; "yes miss" and be dismissed red faced.

Now I have just turned eighteen. Thanks to my instructor I have become an excellent horse rider. My body has also developed. I now have strong legs, a firm butt and tight stomach. I really respect my instructor and have grown very fond of her even though she always kept a mysterious distance. It has been a long time ago since I misbehaved and was assigned saddle room duty. But today she picked me out for a minor issue.

After the training I angrily strode to the saddle room where I quickly started sorting out the mess. It took me a long time and by the end I got hot, sweaty and thirsty. Also I was annoyed about this embarrassing treatment for no reason.

Suddenly she entered. "Stand in the middle!" she snapped.

I obeyed feeling like a little insecure girl again. As before she circled around me. I was still annoyed but did not dare look at her.

Standing behind me she ran as she was accustomed her riding crop down my back and let it rest in the hollow of my lower back.

"Do you think you have been punished justly?" she asked.

"Yes miss", I muttered in a timid voice.

Then she told me that she was especially angry about my behavior after the training when I walked away so angrily and the look I apparently gave her.

"I am sorry miss", I stammered.

"Sorry will not do enough", she replied.

"Now drop your pants!"

I blushed with embarrassment and hesitated.

"Come on drop them!" she said again.

I reluctantly obeyed and pulled down with difficulty my tight and sweaty riding pants.

"Put your hands on the shelf in front of you and keep them there", she snapped.

I did as I was told.

Then she whipped me on my bare white butt several times hard with her riding crop. The pain almost made me cry and I was feeling very embarrassed and vulnerable.

"This is your first lesson", she said. "Report to my house tomorrow evening for the next".

And then she walked out leaving me standing there. I could hardly believe what had happened. Ashamed I pulled up my pants over my sore bottom and went home confused and feeling very unsure….



26.11.13

story continues in [**Horse Riding Discipline 2: A Brave Girl**](horseridingdiscipline2.html)

o0o
