---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tightly Bound Bride
authors:
- Alexis
tags:
- MF
- M/f
- F/f
- solo/f
- bond
- bdsm
- handcuffs
- gag
- blindfold
- pain
- cord
- hood
- hogtie
- mast
- climax
- cons/nc
- x
---

(story continues from [**Tightly Bound Bride**](tightly_bound_bride08.html))

**Chapter Nine**

Mary
awoke slowly, as if her mind was ready to go, but her body still wanted
to rest.  Groggily, she took inventory.  Her jaw was stiff, but
did not hurt too badly.  She surmised that she had been gagged so
much, that her jaws were beginning to get used to being pried open, and
no longer got so sore.  Likewise, her body was only a little bit stiff,
despite having been restraining into total immobility in the box, and then
bound in a muscle straining, bent over position the prior night.

Between
her legs was another matter!  Mary slid her hand under the covers
in a gentle exploration of the two holes that had been so well serviced
the night before.  Her pussy felt swollen, and the flesh was tender
to the touch, but Mary smiled contentedly as recalled the mind blowing
delight caused by the seemingly endless friction of hot flesh.  Her
rear passage also felt tender, and the muscles ached from the unceasing
clenching and unclenching.  Her only other bother the pressure of
a full bladder, and the fact that she smelled like a polecat from not having
bathed in over a week!

She
drew herself a scaldingly hot bath, and soaked away the remaining aches
and pains, as well as the mixture of love juices which were crusted around
her groin.  After soaking, washing her hair, and cleaning herself
thoroughly, she toweled off and donned a pretty silk robe which was hanging
on the door.  It fitted her perfectly, and she assumed it was for
her.  The vanity had all of the accessories and toiletries that a
woman could want and they were all her brand.  She blew her hair dry,
did her nails, applied a little makeup, and was ready to face the day—no
matter what it might hold!

With
little else to do, she explored the bedroom.  There was neither a
TV nor stereo in the room, and the closets were all empty.  She looked
in the dresser, but each of the drawers were also empty.  With a sigh,
she went to the window, and pulled back the curtain.  Light came through
the window, but it was covered in an opaque covering, so that she could
not see out.  “Am I a prisoner in my own house?” she asked herself. 
She went to the bedroom door, but before she even tried to turn the knob
she knew in her heart that the door was locked—from the outside. 
She turned, and flopped down on the bed in frustration.  Maybe, she
thought, there might be a book in the bedside chest.  She turned on
the lamp, and opened the top drawer.  Nothing.  She opened the
bottom drawer, expecting nothing, but was surprised.  She reached
into the drawer, and pulled out a pair of handcuffs, then a second pair,
a blindfold and a ballgag.  She inspected the items, and found them
to be well used.  The gag showed teeth marks, where some unfortunate
former user had bitten down on the resilient sphere.  The blindfold
was soft and pliant like an old shoe, and had a distinctly feminine, musky
smell.  Sweat and perfume, Mary guessed.  Was this an oversight,
or where they left her for me? Mary wondered.  She picked up a pair
of the handcuffs.  They were heavy, and very functional and utilitarian. 
Not shiny chrome, but rather dull gunmetal gray.  Their purpose was
not to enhance a female’s beauty, but rather to keep her securely restrained
and nothing more!

She
put the cuffs down.  Stood, walked around the room, tried the door
again to convince herself that she was really locked in the room, and returned
to the bed.  With a bored sigh, she flopped down and fluffed up the
pillow, then put her head down.  She tried to clear her mind, and
drift off to sleep, but their was something nagging at her.  She wondered
about the girl who had bit into the gag.  A girl who was probably
beautiful.  Once prettily coifed and sweet-smelling, but soon reduced
to a sweaty, helpless bound and gagged female tidbit for her Master’s appetite. 
Mary wanted to be that girl, for ever and ever----always bound and helplessly
available for whenever he wanted her.

Mary
picked up one set of cuffs, and clicked them around her ankles until they
were uncomfortably, then painfully, tight.  She licked her lips, then
opened her mouth to accept the ball.  It was large, but not as large
as some she had worn, but Mary pulled it very tight, so that the ball was
deep, and the straps cut into the corners of her mouth.  Mary picked
up the blindfold, placing it over her eyes, and buckling it behind her
head.  She could see a little light around the edge, so she adjusted
the fit, and tightened the strap one more notch.  Perfect!  She
picked up the other set of cuffs, and was about to capture one wrist when
the image of that other captive girl popped into her mind---a girl in simple,
but effective bondage....two handcuffs, a blindfold, and a ballgag. 
Mary knew that she could do better than that!  She put down the handcuffs,
and reached to unfasten the blindfold.  She left the gag in place,
loving the way her lips looked stretched, red and glistening, around the
rubber ball.  She thought about the room.  There was not much
here, but maybe.....

Mary
stood up, and immediately wished that she had not cuffed her ankles! 
She had made the cuffs painfully tight with her legs relaxed, and when
she stood, the muscles and tendons in her ankles expanded!

“SSSHHHIIIITTTT!”
she exclaimed in surprise through her gag.  It hurt!  She sat
down immediately, and thought seriously about abandoning her idea, but
was determined to go on.  Now knowing what to expect, she stood and
hopped back into the bathroom.  She looked around, evaluating even
the most innocent objects with a purposeful  intent.  A washcloth. 
Hair clips.  A nail clipper.  Anything else useful? No. 
She hopped back into the bedroom.  The sash off her robe.  The
pillowcase off the bed.  “Now, if there was only some rope or cord.......”
she thought.  All the drawers were empty.  Her eyes roamed the
room.......the window!  There were drapes on the window that opened
and closed with.....a pull cord!  Mary hopped over to the window. 
It was tall, and had a curtain rod with  long cords which hung down
with heavy, ornate balls on the ends.  The problem was, the cord was
one continuous length, and it passed through the pulley much higher than
she could reach.  Mary was tugging at each end experimentally to see
if she could slip it free when she pulled a little too hard, and the entire
rod and curtain pulled out of the wall, and came tumbling down on top of
her.  Mary cursed through her gag.  “I wonder what punishment
I will get for that?” she wondered.

On
the positive side, now it was easy to free the cord from the rod. 
When free, it gave her a 15-17 foot length of very strong, thin cord. 
Mary hopped back to the bed, and looked at her little pile of stuff. 
“I really need a couple of lengths of cord.” she thought to herself. 
“Well, I’ve ruined the curtain rod anyway.”  She took the nail clipper,
and cut the cord into four lengths, one about a foot long, one 2 feet,
one 3 feet, and the remaining 10 feet, or so.  She took the shortest
cord and picked up the loose set of handcuffs.  Bending over, she
made a loop around the link between her ankles, then through  the
link of the second set of  cuffs, then around each again, and finally
tied several secure knots.  The open set of cuffs hung loose, several
inches from her cuffed ankles.  She took the 3 foot length of cord,
doubled it over and looped it around her legs just above the knees. 
She fed the two ends through the loop, and pulled it tight.  The remaining
unused cord was short, but long enough to form a cinch between her knees,
pulling the cord around her legs even tighter.  Again, she tied a
secure knot.

Next
Mary stood up, and picked up the longest cord.  She doubled over the
cord, looped it around her waist, and fed the loose ends through the closed
loop.  Sucking in her tummy to make her waist as small as possible,
she pulled the cord tight until it almost disappeared into her soft flesh. 
The loop was right under her navel, and she fed the long ends down between
her legs, up through the cleft between her ass cheeks, and around the waist
cord, then back between her legs.  She reached down and spread her
pussy lips, allowing the cord to burrow deeply into her pink flesh, then
pulled the loose end tight in front of her, and tied a knot.  The
cord between her legs was well within her, and pressed firmly against the
swelling bud.  Mary nodded approvingly at what she had done, and sat
back on the bed.

She
had not been happy that the ballgag was not large enough to fill her mouth
to bursting, and now she planned to remedy that problem.  She took
the washcloth, and began to stuff her oral cavity, taking care to push
her tongue against the floor of her mouth, and fill her cheeks and the
pockets around her gums full of cloth.  She pushed the packing as
far back into her mouth as she could, then opened her mouth even wider,
and crammed the ball in on top of the packing.  Obviously it could
not seat itself as deeply in her mouth as before, but the washcloth became
damp with her saliva, and compacted to the point that the ball was able
to fit firmly between her teeth.  Mary slipped the strap through the
buckle, and pulled it very tight.  When she attempted to fit the pin
in the buckle through one of the holes, she found that she was right in
the center of the strap between holes.  Faced with either loosening
the strap a little, or making it even tighter, she opened her mouth wider
and  pushed the ball with one hand while tugging on the strap with
the other.  “There!” she thought as the pin found the tighter hole.

Almost
ready now, Mary made sure that she could find the pillowcase and remaining
cord, then replaced the blindfold, and buckled it tightly.  She then
took the pillowcase, and pulled it over her head.  She gathered all
of the slack and loose folds, then tied the pillowcase down so that it
conformed to her head with a cord tied around her neck.  Finally she
shrugged the rest of the pillowcase down her torso until it was almost
to her waist, and her arms were trapped against her sides.  Lying
down on her stomach, she brought her hands together behind her back, and
bent her knees until her feet came behind her.  She was able to grasp
the loose cuffs with her hands, and with difficulty placed a wrist in one
cuff, clicked it shut, then captured and locked the other wrist. 
Once secure, she alternated tightening one cuff, and then the other. 
This activity was more strenuous than one might guess, and Mary found herself
breathless.  The gag was pretty much airtight, and her breath puckered
the cotton pillowcase covering her face as it whistled in and out of her
nostrils, and very shortly the front of the pillowcase became wet under
her nose.  Mary rolled onto her side, and took a long, deep breath,
releasing it slowly.  She was very pleased with herself.  She
was quite a nice package for her beloved husband!  She was already
impatient for him to discover his helpless, tightly bound wife.  She
hoped that he would release only her legs, then give her a second dose
of what he gave her last night.  She writhed in her bonds, and the
tight cord biting into her pussy began to do its job.......

Sometime
later, when Mary was really hot and bothered, she heard the door open. 
She stayed still, listening to footsteps softly padding across the rug. 
A hand touched her head confined in its makeshift discipline hood. 
It coursed down her face, stopping briefly at the wetness, then feeling
the tightness of the gag across her lips.  The hand drifted down her
neck, and across the swell of her breasts, before gently tweaking her erect
left nipple.  It felt good, but the hand was gentle, not demanding. 
It was not James’ hand, and Mary moaned softly in disappointment. 
“Where is my husband?” she thought unhappily.  The hand continued
the pleasant fondling for another minute or so, then Mary heard the footsteps
recede, and the door open and close.  She sighed, and resumed her
impatient wait.

Several
minutes later Mary heard the door open and close again, footsteps, and
a hand again fondled her breasts and resumed the pleasant pinching and
twisting of her left nipple.  Mary assumed from the feel that it was
the same hand as before, and she sensed intuitively that the hand belonged
to a woman.

Leaving
her breast, the hand rolled Mary back onto her stomach.  She squealed
through her gag when she felt each of the cuffs on her wrists and ankles
tightened a notch.  The unseen hands momentarily loosened the cord
between Mary’s cuffed wrists and ankles, but quickly took up the small
amount of slack that Mary had to leave in order to hog-tie herself, and
retied the knots.  Mary whimpered in discomfort from both the cuffs
the hog-tie being considerably tighter, then yelped and thrashed impotently
as she felt a cord being looped around her elbows.  There was nothing
she could do to prevent it, however, and quickly her elbows were tied and
cinched with cords cutting deeply into the her soft flesh.  The hands
of her unknown captor grew more confident and aggressive.

Mary
found herself rolled back onto her tightly bound arms, and she felt sharp
pinches in her helplessly erect nipples.  The pink buds could not
resist the erotic touching, and soon became throbbing red, rock hard nubbins
of sensitive flesh, begging for attention.  A hand left Mary’s left
nipple, and burrowed into the wet area between her bound thighs. 
The biting cord was pulled aside, and the fingers ardently stroked the
pink lips and swollen clitoris.  Mary’s nipple did not long for attention
however, as a pair of lips grasped the pink bud, and a tongue whiplashed
the swollen flesh.  Mary whimpered happily as the familiar, wonderful
fire began to burn within her.  She twisted in her bonds, trying to
spread her legs for the probing fingers, but her bonds held her tight. 
The hands didn’t try to loosen her legs, but rather the fingers of one
hand continued to wedge urgently into the core of her femininity, while
the other hand twisted and pulled at her throbbing right nipple. 
Mary could feel the climax coming, and she moaned excitedly through her
gag.  Her chest heaved, and her breath snorted noisily like a hyper-kinetic
steam engine.  The hands and lips seemed to sense her impending explosion,
and eagerly redoubled their efforts.  Mary was suddenly over the edge,
and spent several minutes in the throes of a violent, ongoing orgasm.

As
Mary began to regain her senses, she felt the fingers withdraw, and the
lips release her still erect nipple.  She heard a soft, feminine giggle,
then footsteps, then the sound of the door.  Her visitor, whoever
it was, was gone, without a word being spoken.  “Well,” Mary thought
to herself, “that was a certainly a pleasant way to pass the time while
I wait.”  Then she remembered that the cuffs had been tightened, the
hog-tie made more secure, and a digging elbow cord added to her bondage. 
Her remaining wait, however long it might be, was going to be that much
more uncomfortable!



2002

story continues in [**Tightly Bound Bride**](tightly_bound_bride10.html)

o0o
