---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Selfbondage Master 3
authors:
- Otto Dix
tags:
- n-a
---

Dear self-bondage enthusiasts.

The following is pure fiction.    I went as far as I
can go with recounting my own bondage experiences, so I thought I would
try my hand at a fictional story.  Comments are welcomed.  [otto\_dix@hotmail.com](mailto:otto_dix@hotmail.com)

My Self-Bondage Master
Chapter Three: Choices.

My new self-bondage master and I exchanged the occasional emails to
talked about when we could do a second self-bondage session, and to talk
about what sort of commitment we should make to this relationship. 
We didn't want to set a finite time on how long we should continue, but
agreed that as soon as it becomes too inconvenient for either of us, we
should call it off. Fortunately, the anonymity of the relationship meant
either of us could call it quits at anytime. We also agreed that once a
month would be frequent enough for this activity.  We settled on the
second Saturday of each month.  He sent me the four combination locks
right away, and I randomly selected three, and tested the combinations. 
Sure enough, they worked.  I sent back the three locks, and kept the
forth for my next session.

My level of nervous anxiety rose as the date of the second session approached. 
This was giving me such a rush.  Thursday evening I received an email
from Master.  He had been busy thinking up a new scenario and said
he was enjoying the pictures tremendously.  This was truly working
out to be a win-win situation.  He said he would be sending me an
email Saturday morning, around 11am.  In the mean time, I was to go
find a small length of thin chain to act as a bracelet.  I would also
need a small ornamental lock with which to secure it.  I went out
shopping Friday night and purchased the chain and a tiny but sturdy lock.

Saturday morning I got my instructions.  I was told to put on nothing
except thigh-high stockings, high-heeled shoes, and a smile.  I went
to my bedroom and stripped.  I pulled out a new pair of thigh highs
and slipped them on.  They rose right up to my crotch.  I opened
the closet and pulled out my three inch black heels, slipped them on, and
returned to the computer.  Then, he wanted me to put on the small
chain around my left wrist and lock it in place.  All my other locks
were to be left open, and all the keys were to be put in the toolbox and
locked away with the combination.

I complied and took the obligatory pictures to prove it and sent them
back.  Sitting in front of the computer, I pondered what he had in
mind for today.  The chain around my wrist seemed to be a form of
symbolic control than real restraint.  I felt like a captive slave
wearing it and not being able to remove it until he allowed me to.

Ten minutes later a message from Master appeared.  He was going
to give me two choices.  My first choice was to get a genital piercing. 
OUCH!  If I went with the piercing, I could dress any way I wanted
and take as long as I wanted to get it done, but the wrist chain was not
coming off until I got it done.  The second choice was to go to any
secluded spot in my apartment building and take a picture of myself. 
I could travel wearing a trench coat, but the picture had to be of me wearing
no other clothing other than the stockings and heels.  I was to give
my reply and await further instructions.

This was a no-brainer.  I wasn't about to get a piercing. 
I replied back that I was going to choose taking the pictures.  Master
replied back with further instructions.  Before venturing out, he
wanted me to wear my locking ball gag.  The trench coat would cover
my body, but I was going to have to wear a scarf to cover my mouth. 
Fortunately, March is still cold in this part of the country, and a scarf
won't look too out of place.  The picture or pictures I took had to
clearly demonstrate that I was indeed outside the apartment.  If necessary,
I had to take additional pictures of the area to prove I was not still
inside my apartment.  Master also told me to get the pictures back
to him as fast as possible.  I was being timed, and the longer I took,
the direr the consequences.

As I picked up the locking ball gag, I noticed my mouth had gone dry
from nervousness.  I went and got one last drink of water before putting
on the ball gag.  I didn't know when I would get another chance to
drink anything.  I took a deep breath to calm myself, and slipped
the ball gag in my mouth.  It wasn't that big since I wanted a ball
gag I could wear for an extended period of time.  I pulled the straps
around my head and slipped a small lock in place.  With the click
of the lock, I felt my heart quicken and my breathing became labored. 
I calmed myself down and got ready to continue with my assigned task.

I checked the clock.  Fifteen minutes had gone my so far. 
I wondered how much time I was expected to take.  I donned my trench
coat and check in the mirror to see if I was appropriately covered. 
I then carefully wrapped a scarf around my neck and mouth to cover the
ball gag.  I grabbed the camera and started for the door.  I
was feeling weak in the knees and sick to my stomach.  I had no choice
but to press on.  I pressed the button for the elevator and looked
about nervously for anyone else.  As the elevator arrived, I could
hear the laughter of a group of guys.  I quickly raced away from the
elevator door before it opened and got ready to unlock my apartment door. 
I waited at my apartment door for the elevator to shut and for the men
to continue downward.  I was having difficulty breathing, as my breathing
became heavy with fear.  I wobbled back to the elevator and tried
again.  This time the door opened with no one inside.

I decided to head straight down to the basement parking lot to take
the picture.  I could wait in my car until the coast was clear if
I had to.  The trip down the elevator was longer than I remembered.
The elevator went straight down and the door opened.  The basement
was quiet and I stepped out.  Just then I noticed a problem. 
The basement parking lot had video cameras.  The first one was pointed
right at me.  I scanned the ceiling of the lot and I didn't see a
spot where I could be certain of not being seen by a camera.

I headed right back in the elevator and went right back to my apartment. 
That trip took another 15 minutes and I still had no picture.  On
Saturday, the laundry room would be busy.  Then I decided to use the
garbage chute room.  It was a small room barely big enough for two
people.  The door to the room could be locked from the inside. 
Sometimes the doors were locked while maintenance to the chute was being
done.

I left the safety of my apartment yet again and headed straight for
the chute.  I got in the small room and locked the door.  The
room was dimly lit with a 25-watt bulb.  I wondered how I was going
to take a picture.  The room was barely two feet across.  I took
off my trench coat and scarf and let them fall to the ground in front of
me.  I then knelt down and placed the cameral on the floor. 
I snapped a couple of shots pointed straight up at me from the ground. 
I straddled the camera and I leaned forward so that the ball gag could
be seen.  I examined the photos on the camera display.  My legs,
crotch, breast and ball gag were clearly visible.  Master was going
to like this picture!  As I knelt down to retrieve my coat and scarf,
I got the scare of my life.  Someone yanked at the door and pulled
really hard.  I heard a man swear about the damn door being locked
again.  He shook the door hard trying to jar it open and I prayed
that it would hold.  He finally gave up and walked away.

Again, I felt myself lacking sufficient air and my heart felt like it
was going to explode.  I was pressed against the back of the wall
and didn't dare move for a couple of minutes.  I regained my composure
and reclaimed my coat and scarf from the floor.  I dressed to exit
the small room and listened carefully for any traffic in the hallway.

I opened the door a crack and checked for people.  Before leaving
the garbage chute, and turned and took a picture of it from the hallway. 
This picture would prove that I did leave my apartment.  After I took
the picture, I turned and walked quickly straight to my door.  Safely
back in my apartment, I dropped the trench coat and scarf at the door and
kicked off the heels.  I raced to the computer and prepared my picture
to send.  I included a quick description of my ordeal with the picture.
Master emailed back right away and said that he really enjoyed the
short story and that the picture was most interesting.

However, I was going to have to pay for the amount of time it took me
to accomplish my mission.  Sixty-five minutes had transpired since
I was given my instructions.  For every minute I took to complete
my mission, I was to spend fifteen minutes in chained bondage.  With
65 minutes, that worked out to 16 hours and 15 minutes!  It was 12:30
PM now.  That meant I would not get released until 4:45 am!

However, Master also said that I could reduce my penitence by performing
various activities throughout the day.  I was to check my email at
the top of every hour, starting at 3 PM to see if he had anything for me
to do. As long as I was mobile and had my hands free, I figured I might
as well get some housework done.  I must have been a sight in my bondage
attire doing dishes, vacuuming and cleaning the bathroom.  I built
up a good sweat and wanted a shower.  I removed the thigh-high stockings
and hopped in the shower.  The warm shower felt nice.  I dried
off and put on a fresh pair of stockings.  I put on a warm bathrobe
and crashed on the couch.  I set the alarm clock for three and tried
to take a nap.  Warm showers always me very sensitive.  I concentrated
on the feelings of the stockings, and I could feel myself getting wet. 
I resisted the urge to masturbate and closed my eyes and relaxed.

As I drifted off, I wondered what else I would have to do in order to
free myself by the end of the day.

Continues in
**Chapter Four: Purgatory**

Copyright March 2001, Otto Dix
[otto\_dix@hotmail.com](mailto:otto_dix@hotmail.com)
Comments are welcomed.
