---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Rubber Asylum
authors:
- Steff
tags:
- F-f
- fpov
- bond
- latex
- bitchsuit
- costume
- petgirl
- catsuit
- toys
- machine
- climax
- enclosed
- force
- hood
- inflatable
- buttplug
- feeding
- vacbed
- mittens
- cons
- XX
date: 2024-08-14 00:00:00
---

My name is Becky Jackson. I am half owner of a fetish magazine / website and a reporter. I am known for unbiased reporting and product reviews. Since I love being tied up, I enjoy trying out new things and I normally have no shortage of products and services to choose from.

After hanging out in the city's fetish community I had heard and read several stories and seen even more comics about a place called The Rubber Asylum. The stories go: this place is an organization where people, not all voluntary, go to experience behavior modification through intense rubber, bondage and sexual training. The stories of the experience are always intensely sexual and get the desired results. With all the stories out there, I decided to look into it, on the side of course. Imagine my surprise when I found out a place like that really existed. I started looking into it more thoroughly and discovered that most of the stories were, at least, partially accurate. They did everything the stories talked about but only to willing participants that knew what was going to happen. Naturally I called and made an appointment for an interview and possibly a tour.

When I called, I was transferred to the manager who was friendly and willing to talk to me about an interview and possible tour. The date was set for a Friday morning a little or week away. I did some more research but found out nothing new so I was eager for the meeting. When Friday finally arrived, I drove to the address. The building was a three-story building located in the middle of the downtown business district. Fortunately, I had received a parking pass via e-mail from them the day before the meeting so parking was free. After parking I entered a non-descript door labeled ‘RA Inc’. Upon entering the door there was a short hallway and then another door. When I opened that door, I noticed the smell of latex. Walking in I noticed a woman dressed in tight yellow latex behind the counter.

I walked up to the counter and said, “Good afternoon. I am Becky Jackson. I have an appointment with Ms. Welding.”

“Yes Ms. Jackson,” she replied. “You’re a little early but expected. Please have a seat. Mistress Welding will be out momentarily.”

I thanked her and went to sit down. There were three different types of places to sit. First there were a couple of normal comfortable looking chairs. Next to each chair were places for someone to kneel next to the normal chairs. Lastly there were stools that had dildos sticking out of the middle of them. The dildos were good sized but not scary large. There were pegs that someone could use to step up and lower themselves onto the dildos. A few of the stools were low enough to just stand over the stool and sit on the attachment.

“What do you think of the lobby?” a voice behind me asked. When I turned around there was a woman that stood over six foot tall. She was wearing a light blue latex blouse and black latex skirt. She looked like a professional business woman but in latex. “I am Emma Welding, but people call me Mistress.”

The presence she put off and the authority behind the way she told me her title caused me to hesitate before replying, “Hello Mistress. I am Becky Jackson. I’m glad to meet you. These stools are very interesting.”

“They are indeed. Follow me.” The tone in her force and her presence all but forced me to follow her order. I followed her through a door behind the counter down a hall and into her office. Her office looked like any other office except for another kneeling pad and there was a metal device that had several large rings and two dildos attached to it. She offered me a seat and then sat behind her desk. “Ms. Jackson, what can we do for you?”

I spent a few minutes explaining what I did for a living. Then I explained what I had found out about the Asylum. I explained that the facts were vague and sometimes confusing. I finished with my request for at least an interview and hopefully a tour of the facility.

Mistress Welding waited for a minute before she said, “I am glad you were honest about who you are and your intentions here. You would be surprised by the number of rival companies and undercover reporters who come here and try to discredit us. If, and I stress IF I do this, I expect this article to be as honest and impartial as the other things you’ve written.”

“Mistress. Honesty and impartiality are how I put food on my table. I promise you that is what you will get from me.” I said it with more force than I expected but my integrity is something that I held sacred.

The look she gave me made me think I blew it but she laughed for a second then said, “Good answer! Okay, let’s do this.” Once I got my recorder and notepad out and set up, she started explaining things.

Over the next hour she explained that most of the Rubber Asylum’s clients find out about the place by word of mouth from previous clients. It was true that the people that come here are willing but they don’t really know what’s going to happen. The example given was a wife who came here for pet play training, but not knowing what it was going to entail or how long the training would take. Other times the “patient” was just told they were here for conditioning. The Asylum takes both sexes and patients. Sometimes there isn’t a set stop date for the training but it goes until results are reached. The Asylum is really a conditioning and training facility. They employed actual psychologists to assist in the training. The Asylum does have a different facility where former clients can go for refreshers or just to hang out and meet other clients.

After answering my questions, Mistress Welding offered me a tour which I naturally accepted. We left her office, walked down the hall to a door labeled treatment area. Beyond the door was a 12-foot-wide white hall with a few doors on both sides of the hall and a large elevator at the end. We were barely 10 feet into the hall when there was something like barking beside us. I turned and was shocked to see a woman was the source of the barking.

The woman was wearing a latex suit that folded and restrained her arms and legs so she had to walk on her elbows and knees. The suit, white with black dots, covered her whole body including her head and face. There were lenses so she could see and a hole in the nose for her to breathe. The mouth was also opened but there was something covering her teeth. The Mistress explained that the patient was waiting for her husband to pick her up. She came here to learn puppy behaviors. I knelt down and the puppy girl came up to me and began to wiggle her tail. I examined her tail and noticed the suit had built-in condom sleeves; her ass was filled with a buttplug that had the tail attached to it.

I got up and we continued the tour. I got to see a variety of conditioning. I see from people learning to sleep in latex sleep sacks to total insolation in latex. There were several different machines and restraint devices to help in the conditioning of the patients. After brief explanations and the occasional demonstration, we ended up back in Mistress Welding’s office.

“What do you think?” she asked.

“Well…I have to say I am impressed. Everything here is top of the line and state of the art. Your staff definitely knows what they are doing,” I replied. “Though I understand why I didn’t receive any special demonstrations or get to interview the patients It was still a little disappointing. I still have enough to write a good article and I will tell you I will give the Rubber Asylum a good review.”

Mistress Welding looked me up and down. It felt like she was examining my very being with those intense eyes. “Becky,” she began. “I’ll tell you what.” She continued and she walked to a cabinet and removed some kind of latex garment. “I’ll give you a special tour / experience.” She walked over to the device I had noticed with all the rings and set the latex over the dildos. “You wear this, and put yourself into this device and you will be agreeing to spend the weekend here with me. You will experience a sampling of a few of the training services we offer.” She walked to the door leading to the treatment areas. “By the time the weekend is over you will have a new affinity for latex…and who knows what else about you will have changed, or come to the forefront.” She walked through the door and just before she closed it, she finished, “I have a few things to check on. If you are interested, I will find you in the device when I return. If not, I am looking forward to reading your article.” With that she closed the door leaving me alone in her office.

I just stood there in shock for a minute, processing what just happened. Her words made it clear she wanted me to stay, however, by her looks and mannerisms I knew she wanted something else. I am good at reading people. That's how I knew she wanted more but I couldn’t tell what it was. I walked over to the device and examined it. It didn’t take long to figure out it would restrain me with both the dildo filling my crotch. I picked up the latex and unfolded what turned out to be a transparent full body catsuit.

“Why not,” I said. I took the catsuit to the sofa, set it down and started to strip. After I was naked and my clothes were folded, I examined the latex catsuit. It was a full body suit that had an attached hood. There were holes for each breast, exposed crotch, mouth, nostril and back of the hood at the neck area. The hole in the back by the hood stretched a lot so I stretched it out and slid my legs into it. Like I figured, the opening stretched enough and I was able to work myself into the suit. Thankfully the inside was lubed a little to make the latex slick enough to allow me to slide into the suit. Once I had the suit on up to the hood, I made a few adjustments and got all the air out of the suit. Before I put the hood on, I walked over to the “Device,” as Mistress Welding called it, to give it a good look over.

What I thought were individual rings that would close one at a time were in fact one hinged piece that would open and close as one unit. A person, me in this case, would kneel in the device and after impaling herself on the dildos close the top making sure to position her arms in the corrected stop. I wasn’t a fool. I knew once I was positioned the device would lock me in place.

I took a deep breath, stepped up onto the device and knelt down. I then pulled the hood up and around my face and head. The hole returned to its original size leaving only a small opening in the back. I use the hole to pull my long hair through in a ponytail. Since the suit was clear latex, I was able to see decently through the latex covering my eyes. I crawled back and worked the two dildos into my ass and pussy. Since the dildos were lubed, they slid easily into place. Their size was large enough to feel really good. When I felt my legs hit the back band of the device, I knew the dildos were set and I felt comfortably full. I took a few breaths to relax when two panels opened up beneath me. Inside these panels were latex cups attached to hoses. Based on the positions I figure they were for my breasts.

“In for a penny,” I said out loud, and reached for one of the cups. The cup was lubed already so I stretched it out and placed it over my breast. When the cup tried to return to its normal size it squeezed my breast into a cone type shape but since the base of the cup was tightener then the rest of the cup my own breast held it in place. I removed the other breast cup and put my other breast into it. Once my breasts were both tightly cupped in latex I reached up and started to close the top of the device. It rolled easily down and just before I closed the top all the way, another panel opened and a dildo attached to a pole rose out and stopped right in front of my face. There was also a strap attached to the sides of the pole supporting the dildo.

“They thought of everything, didn't they?” I said. I reached out and after figuring out the support, slid forward and back, then I slid the dildo deep into my mouth. I pulled the straps around my head and heard an audible “click”; the straps tightened up making sure I couldn’t get the dildo out of my mouth. Also, a suction in the cups on my breasts squeezed them even more than the latex did by itself. The cups were then retracted pulling my breast down towards the device. I had a small orgasm that surprised me. I knew I was already past the point of no return. I was already stuck by my breast and by the dildo locked inside my mouth. Reaching down I laid my arms into the padded indentions paced for them. There was a button I had not noticed within easy reach of my left hand so naturally I pushed it.

When I pushed the button the cage lowered the rest of the way and clicked into place. I knelt there, stuck kneeling inside a cage that was shaped to keep me like that, both holes in my crotch were filled with dildos that were lock in place, another dildo was locked into my mouth and both my breast pulled down by rubber suction cups that held them tightly. There was a faint hissing sound as rubber bladders inflated from the bars of the cage. The bladders inflated until the space between me and the cage was filled and I could no longer move anymore then little wiggles. The dildos in my crotch began to slowly move in separate directions, one in as the other pulled out. Just when the one pulling out of my ass was just about ready to pop all the way out it stopped. The dildo moved deeper into me, stopping just before the depth started to get uncomfortable. They sat there like that for a few seconds, then changed direction; again they stopped and my extremes. After a few seconds the dildos began to move again but this time fast and they began to vibrate.

The vibrating dildos were quickly building up my excitement and I could feel an orgasm building. The speed of the dildos fucking both my holes leveled off as did the vibrations keeping me right on the edge of a big orgasm. Restrained like I was all I could do was struggle, unsuccessfully I might add, and not get any closer. I felt a cool liquid get squirted onto my breasts then they began to get sucked on in an alternating pattern. The suction squeezed my breast from the base towards the nipple. The result was a sensation that was really pleasurable.

The increase in pleasure from my breast massage, on top of the activity that already had me close, brought the orgasm that I had wanted to come crashing over me. The pleasure was really intense as it hit. The pleasure felt like it entered me through my crotch and breasts and spread to the rest of me. I wiggled and struggled but the machine just held me in place as the orgasm continued. Finally, the orgasm receded and I went limp relaxing in my bondage.

The relaxation was short lived since the activity continued and I was quickly approaching another orgasm. This time the vibrations and speed of the dildos slowed down just enough to keep me on the edge. My breasts were still getting sucked on by the latex they were trapped in. The dildo in my mouth began to move and I was forced to deep throat it as it went deeper than before. The dildo was able to retract into itself or through the pole holding it up so my mouth was getting a good fucking from it. As it pulled out from my throat it squirted a liquid into my mouth. I had given enough blowjobs to know the liquid was meant to be, or possibly was, male cum. After the orgasm, being kept on the edge of another one and the sweat from wearing the latex suit I was thirsty so I swallowed the “cum.” My mouth continued to get fucked and I drank the cum but I was not rewarded with the orgasm I desperately wanted.

I was so lost in my failed attempts to orgasm that I didn’t notice Mistress Welding until she rubbed the side of my face. I looked up with my eyes, since I could not move my head because of the dildo fucking my mouth, to see her looking down at me with a grin that I found sexy and intimidating. “I’m so glad you decided to stay. We’re going to have lots of fun.” She removed her smartphone and began to make changes to the machine. The activity on my breasts changed a little but I was too frustrated to pay attention. All I knew was that it wasn’t enough to get me off so I didn’t care.

She walked out of my sight and then I heard her tell someone to enter. “Tracy, what can I do for you?” Mistress Welding asked.

“It is about your last appointment, Mistress,” the other girl said. I could not believe that they were going to talk business with me bound, gagged and getting worked over by this machine in plain sight barely twenty feet from them.

Mistress Welding replied, “What about her?”

“Mistress, she is a reporter for a fetish website.”

“I know that,” Mistress Welding said. “Have you read any of her articles?”

“No Mistress, I have not.” The girl replied.

“First off she never hid her identity or her desire to write an article about us,” Mistress Welding said. “Secondly all her articles are written from a non-biased point of view. Lastly…” Mistress Welding said then paused before she continued, “there is something about her that I am drawn to. I don’t know what but I intend to find out.”

I heard her get up from her chair and walk over to me with the girl following close behind. The girl sucked in a breath and exclaimed, “That’s her! Rose, what have you done?”

Mistress Welding laughed as she began to rub the side of face. “I’ll overlook that outburst because of your concern, but next time you will have to be punished.”

“Sorry Mistress.”

“To answer your question, after the tour and a question-and-answer session I simply offered her a special weekend session. I left the suit on the machine and left to check on some patients. She did this all this by herself. Since it’s a three-day weekend and it’s barely noon, we’re going to have fun getting to know each other,” Mistress Welding said.

The girl, who turned out to be the receptionist, walked into my line of sight and knelt down in-front of me. She looked into my eyes and said, “Mistress, I hope things work out for you.”

“Tracy you are such a romantic,” Mistress Welding said. “I am taking the rest of the weekend to take personal care of Ms. Jackson, or should I say patient 469.”

If she said more than that I didn’t hear it because the intensity of the vibrator on both my holes increased dramatically; I was rocketed over the edge I was on and my long-awaited orgasm hit me like a train. The pleasure was more intense than the other one the machine put me through. This one also didn’t stop. Totally consumed with pleasure I just wiggle uncontrollably, moaning and screaming around the dildo that was still fucking my mouth. Despite all my fighting and wiggling the machine held me in place and would not stop or even give me a break.

Finally, all the activity in my crotch stopped and I was able to come down from the euphoric high caused by my massive orgasm. I could feel my pussy still twitching and contracting uncontrollably around the dildo buried deep inside it. My breasts were still getting massaged and I realized I was still sucking “cum” from the dildo fucking my mouth. “Mistress, I think you have your hands full with this one,” Tracy said.

Rubbing the side of my face Mistress Welding replied, “maybe, but you know how much I love a challenge.” She then used her phone to start the dildos moving in my crotch but not before they each squirted something inside me. She pushed the machine, with me still locked inside, out the back door of her office into the main part of the asylum.

I had an orgasm when we were in the hall waiting for the elevator. This one was thankfully not as intense as the last one but it still felt really good. “I can tell you are enjoying yourself,” Mistress Welding said. When the elevator door opened, I was wheeled into the “common room.” This is a large opened room where the patients could mingle, if they were able to. “I have arrangements to make so don't go anywhere.” With that she kissed my forehead and walked away. As she did, the dildo in my mouth began to spray slightly larger amounts of “cum” into my mouth and the suction on my breast changed. My nipples felt a slight pressure that gradually increased as the suction pressure reached the end of the breast. The change in activity and the fact that I knew I had an audience caused my orgasms to come quicker.

I was coming down from my third orgasm before Mistress Welding returned. “I must say, patient 469, you took quickly to the lactating medicine you have been sucking down, and that has coated your breasts.” She then pushed me out of the common room down the hall into a private room. As I was being pushed the vibrations increased to the highest setting yet and I was soon forced into the biggest orgasm yet. This orgasm was all consuming and the ecstasy was so intense I lost track of anything but the pure carnal pleasure. It was the most intense orgasm of my life.

I have no idea how long the orgasm lasted or when I blacked out, but the next thing I knew I was inside a rubber sleeve that was pulled so tightly that I could not move. I was lying face up with my arms behind my back. The sleeve I was in had an opening for just my breasts. The rest of my body was completely enclosed. My mouth was filled with a cock gag and my nostrils had tubes for breathing. The sleeve had some liquid in it, to keep things lubed I think, but it didn’t help at all with my mobility and I knew I wasn’t getting out without help.

It felt like the sleeve was being massaged from the outside. The activity felt really good and relaxing but it also kept horny. There was also a soft gentle voice whispering into my ears. I could not concentrate on what was being said but the tone was relaxing and soothing. I moaned when I felt someone sucking on one of my breasts. After the moan a vibration started inside my pussy and my other breast was messaged.

It only took a short amount of time before I was rocked by another orgasm. The orgasm was intense and long but I’m sure to the outside world the only real signal of the ecstasy was my moaning because the sleeve held me really tight and firm, preventing much, if any movement. The orgasm finally ended but the activity continued. I was still so consumed by the pleasure that I still didn’t know what was being said. Another orgasm rocked me and this one continued for a long time. The ecstasy quickly became more intense and got to the point I wanted it to end. I struggled against the sleeve but all I accomplished was proving, again, that I was totally helpless which greatly increased the intensity of the orgasm.

The intensity of the orgasm receded but I was kept cumming until I was exhausted. The activity stopped and I fell asleep to the whispering voice not paying attention to what was being said. I woke up as the sleeve was opening up. Cold air rushed in the more the sleeve was opened. Mister Wielding helped me out of the sleeve and walked me to a hot shower. After a long shower with her gently washing me I was helped into a tight latex catsuit the upper half of which turned out to be a straitjacket. Once I was sealed inside and my arms were wrapped around my stomach and locked. Mistress sat me down and laced me into knee high ballet boots, forcing me to walk on my toes.

“Are you having fun?” she asked.

“Yes Mistress,” I replied. “You have some of the best latex I have ever seen, much less worn.”

Grinning, she said, “I still have a few things to show and introduce you to.” She then opened up a latex hood that was the same pink color as the suit. Hood was lubed already so it slid easily around my face and after she lined up the hood’s eyes and nose, she zipped it down the back. My mouth was covered by latex but not really gagged. Mistress helped me up and slowly guided me out to the room we were in.

I was glad that I knew how to walk in boots like this or I would have been in real trouble; as it was, I still had a tough time keeping up with her. She led me into the cafeteria and had me sit on a chair. I was surprised to realize there was a dildo secured into the bottom of the chair and a hidden opening in the suit permitting the dildo to slide into my ass. Once the pre-lubed dildo was fully seated inside me, the tip began to inflate, locking me to the seat by my ass. Mistress laughed as she got up to get some food. Looking around I noticed I was the only person wearing pink. The workers wore white and the “patients” wore bright blue. Most of the patients were looking at me like they couldn’t figure out the color difference.

After a few minutes Mistress Welding returned with a tray of food. She sat next to me and began to feed me. As I ate, she talked about the finding and financing of the asylum. She also talked about the staff and patient interactions. I found it interesting but I was having trouble concentrating because of the tight latex, the plug locked into my ass plus I was being fed like a baby.

After eating the plug deflated and I was helped to my feet. Mistress led me to an alcove, still in the cafeteria, where there was a metal framed vacuum bed. The bed had two heavy duty sheets of transparent latex with an opening at one end. Since the bed was laying on the floor, it was easy for me to slide into the opening when she opened the bed. She stopped me when I was sitting down. My arms were released from behind me and my mouth was uncovered. Mistress gently pushed me, indicating I should get the rest of the way in.

Once I was laying down, I was told to spread my leg and raise my arms toward the top of the bed. The mitten ends of my catsuit were attached to clips built into the frame of the bed. After I was positioned the way Mistress wanted, a mouthpiece that looked like a scuba diver was put into my mouth. The mouthpiece was attached to a tube that went through an opening in the latex sheet so I would be able to breathe. She kissed my forehead and promised to return, then folded the top sheet some way and turned on a vacuum. The air in between the sheets was sucked out, squeezing me in between the sheets. The vacuum caused the latex to squeeze me tightly and prevent all meaningful movements. When the air was removed the vacuumed machine was turned off and the bed was lifted so I was heads up facing the cafeteria. Mistress Welding checked me over then walked away leaving me hanging like a room decoration.

I knew she left but since I had closed my eyes before the vacuum started, I was not able to open them, so all I could do was hang there inside my rubber prison. I spent a little time struggling but was not able to move much so I just relaxed. The pressure holding my body in place and the smell of the latex soon had me falling asleep. When I woke up my entire world had changed and I didn’t know how.

I was covered from head to toe in thick tight latex. The suit forced my hands into fists and had my feet in ballet heels like I had worn before. My waist was squeezed by a heavy boned corset that prevented any movement from the waist. It felt like the corset went over my hips and down to my knees. My face was also covered in thick latex that I could not see or hear through. My mouth was filled with a thick cock gag. Both my ass and pussy were filled with dildos of their own. My neck was snuggle secured by a neck corset that was snug enough and went high enough that I could not turn my head or move it down.

Then I started moving. I noticed there was an arm over my waist just under my breast and a leg over my legs. The arm gently tightened around me so I just stopped, relaxed and went to sleep.
