---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesad/bagged2.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: 'Bagged 2: Caught!'
authors:
- Jo
tags:
- Sbf
- bagged
- toys
- caught
- MM/f
- cuffs
- susp
- rubber
- hum
- tease
- mast
- oral
- climax
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2011-03-18 00:00:00
---

continued from [part one](bagged.html)

**Part 2: Caught!**

"Jesus Christ!"

"What?"

"Bag weighs a fucking ton!"

Hands groped Chloe.

"This ain't uniforms, Charlie."

More groping.

"Sure as hell not. Feels like a body."

"You don't think ..."

"Only one way to find out."

Chloe felt herself hefted out of the bin. She landed with a thump on the concrete floor. Light poured into the bag and she clamped her eyes shut.

"Son of a bitch."

"What the hell is that?"

"Looks like a naked girl, Petey boy, and she's all tied up."

"Smart ass."

Chloe kept her eyes pressed shut, willing the nightmare to end.

Charlie chuckled.

"What?"

"Ever have a dog? The kind that chased cars? Ever wonder what it would do if it ever caught one?"

"Yeah."

"Well, it looks like we caught ourselves one, caught ourselves something anyway. Now what are we gonna do with it?"

"Tell you what I'd like to do."

"That's what I like about you, Pete. You have a keen sense of the obvious."

"Smart ass."

"You got that bottle in the car." It wasn't a question.

"Yeah."

There was the sound of receding footsteps.

"Well, let's see what we have, hmm."

The one called Charlie tumbled her out of the bag onto the cold concrete. Chloe risked a glance. He was rummaging through her dress pockets.

"Well, well, well. Chloe Cohen. Sorry I didn't recognize you. We met at the company picnic last year."

He righted her.

"Look at me."

Chloe kept her eyes closed. He cuffed her.

"Look at me!"

Chloe opened her eyes.

"I don't know what's going on, but I sure as hell am going to take advantage of it."

So saying, he pulled his cell from his pocket and snapped several pictures of the naked, bound girl.

"Here's the deal. You be nice to us and you get this back," he said holding up the wallet. "Otherwise your brothers are gonna find themselves in a world of hurt. Understand?"

Chloe said nothing. He raised his hand. Chloe nodded.

"Good."

Charlie dropped the wallet into the bag, balled it up, and tossed it into the bin. There was the distant sound of a door slamming, then footsteps. He made a show of rummaging through her dress pockets.

"Find anything?"

"Set of keys."

He unsnapped the breast pocket.

"And this."

"Handcuff key?"

"Most likely."

"What's she got in her hand?"

"Hm?"

Chloe allowed her hand to be pried open.

"Looks like a car clicker,"

Pete pressed a button and the shaft in Chloe's pussy buzzed to life.

"What the hell?"

"What?"

"Can't you hear that?"

"Pete," Charlie said pointing at his head, "bad ears. Remember?"

Pete rolled Chloe onto her side, groped between her legs.

"Holy shit! She's got a thing inside her. A, uh, what do you call it?"

"Dildo?"

"Yeah, that's it. It's vibrating. Holy shit."

"You're repeating yourself."

"Yeah, well, she's got one in her ass, too."

"To quote Alice, 'Curiouser and curiouser'."

"Alice?"

"Wonderland."

"Oh."

"Give me a hit off that, will you?"

Pete handed him the bottle. Charlie broke the seal and took a swig.

"You got your knife?"

Pete unclipped the knife from his belt, flipped it open. Charlie slit the cord holding the handcuffs, closed the knife, and handed it back to Pete.

He grabbed Chloe's cuffed wrists and hauled her to her feet. He dragged her over to a clothes hook, slipped her wrists over it, then adjusted the pole until Chloe was pulled up on to her toes.

"Not bad. Not bad at all. Can see why Zed likes her."

"Zed?"

"Who else, Pete?"

Pete took hit from the bottle and shrugged.

"Jed's the horn dog, chase anything in a skirt, but Zed? Mister goody two shoes? Think about it. It's always the quiet ones. I always knew there was something weird about him."

He took the bottle from Pete, took a sip, gestured at Chloe.

"And this is definitely weird."

He hefted himself up onto the table. Pete joined him.

"Here, gimme the clicker. May as well let her have some fun. Oh hell. I can't hear it. Is it on?"

"Yeah."

Chloe closed her eyes. He had somehow dialed in the perfect speed, the one she loved.

Damn!

She opened her eyes, but stared at the floor. Out of her peripheral vision she could see them. The men passed the bottle back and forth.

Pete was a little weasel of a man, with little squinty eyes, pointy nose, pointy chin. Charlie reminded her of an old porn star, maybe a bit like Tom Selleck, with that big moustache.

After a bit Pete said, "Well, what's the plan?"

"Plan?"

"Yeah. You're being quiet, which means you're thinking, which means there's a plan."

"I'm thinking the obvious may not be such a good idea."

"Oh?"

"DNA. Say she goes to the police."

Pete snorted. "I don't see that happening."

"Okay, say she goes to the hospital, says she was molested and wants them to get a sample."

"Still doubtful."

"Okay, how's this smart ass, you got a safe?"

"What me? I'm married, got a kid, want another one, a boy this time."

"Yeah, well, I don't have one either. What if she gets knocked up?"

Pete took another swig, then another.

"You're beginning to bum me out, bro."

"Yeah, and what about the clap?"

"Christ! You're killing me."

"On the other hand, she has a mouth. Can't get into too much trouble there."

"Yeah, and she gets to swallow the evidence." And he set off on a fit of the giggles.

Charlie just smiled. He slid off the table.

"If we can't fuck it, we can at least get a look at it."

Chloe closed her eyes again. Charlie ran his fingers between her legs, untied her knees, and pushed them apart. He probed the shafts for a while, then tugged the rubber pants down over her hips. It was a struggle, but he managed.

"Hey, turn the thing off, will you?"

The vibrator went silent.

"Man! Look at the drool. It's running all the way down her leg! Ha!"

Charlie stepped behind her and pulled her ass cheeks apart.

"Man! I'd like some of that. That plug in her ass opened her up real good."

Charlie jammed two finger into Chloe's ass. She squealed behind her gag.

"Hey! You know why a girl's ass and pussy are so close together? So you can get 'em drunk and carry 'em home like a six pack." Pete set off on a fresh fit of giggles.

"Pete, hand me that plug."

Chloe couldn't resist looking.

Pete leaned over the table and grabbed the large, glass jug. He pulled out the stopper. It was like an elongated golf ball with a flange on one end.

"Rinse it off. There's just alcohol in there, but still."

Pete picked up a spray bottle and spritzed the plug, handed it to Charlie. He pulled his fingers from Chloe's ass and pushed the stopper into her. Chloe winced and grunted.

"Like that, do ya?"

No!

Charlie moved around her front. He grabbed her pussy lips and pulled them apart, nearly yanked Chloe off the floor. He eased her down and slid a finger up into her.

"Man! She is dripping, fucking wet."

"Ya think she's getting off on it? I mean the ropes and dildos and all?"

"Maybe, maybe not, but I think she will, Petey boy."

"Look at me."

Chloe opened her eyes.

"Here's what's going to happen. We won't rape you, but you're going to blow both of us. And then we'll let you go. But before that you have to get off while I finger you. And you have to do it twice. Once for me and once for Pete here. Understand?"

Chloe sighed, closed her eyes, and nodded. Charlie unbuckled the gag and popped the ball from Chloe's mouth.

"Not a word." He held up a finger. "Not one fucking word."

Chloe nodded.

"You like tequila?"

Fact is Chloe loved tequila, neat with just a bit of salt. And a buzz would be a very good thing about now.

Chloe nodded again.

Pete handed over the bottle. Charlie held it up to her lips. Chloe drank. It burned going down, burned in a good way. She thrust out her chin.

"More?"

Chloe nodded. He fed her another gulp, two. Chloe closed her eyes, waited for the booze to hit. Charlie's fingers were busy between her legs.

"And, please, no faking. I've been with enough women to know the difference."

Chloe didn't have to fake. The fact that this nightmare would soon be over released all her pent up fear and, yes, sexual frustration. That and the fact that Charlie had a very talented hand - as well as mouth, which he moved from one nipple to the other. And the tequila helped. He fed her one last sip before handing the bottle back to Pete.

Three times she felt herself getting close. Three times her rational mind kicked in. But the fourth time it worked and it was good. Chloe grunted several times, heard the muffled echoes in the room.

"That's one for me and now another for Pete."

It took longer. Usually it was the other way around. Once she came once, the others followed easily. But all she could see was his little weasel face. Charlie persisted. Chloe eventually came. It was more with a sense of relief that any sexual satisfaction.

"Good. Very good."

Charlie lowered the pole, unhooked her wrists, and pushed her to the floor. He grabbed the bottle from Pete and took another hit.

"You first, amigo."

Pete slid off the table, undid his pants, let them drop, pulled his shorts down, and thrust his cock at Chloe's face. Chloe opened her mouth. It didn't take long.

"Swallow," Pete hissed.

Chloe swallowed.

Pete zipped his pants.

"Sloppy seconds?"

"Uh, listen Pete, do you mind making yourself scarce? I've never done it with someone watching."

"What?'" Pete laughed. "Never in the army were you? You do a lot of things with people watching."

He picked up the bottle.

"Mind if I take this?"

Charlie shook his head. Pete walked away. Once again there was the faint sound of a door closing.

"All right, Chloe, I've been thinking about this and here's what let's do."

\*\*\*

I'm a sex slave, a bondage sex slave no less. I had to break up with Cliff, Charlie's orders. Charlie is married with two kids. His wife has turned into one of those fat little moms, never went back to work once the kids started school, pretty much hangs around the house, puts food on the table, keeps the place clean, does the wash, gets fatter. Could be worse.

It's blackmail, of course. If any of this ever got out Brothers would be out of business. And it's not all that bad, actually. I still fix myself in my blue bag, still take my ride through the shop, still lay in my soft pile of clothes with the shaft buzzing inside of me, waiting for those unspeakable things to happen.
