---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sent to Master
authors:
- Terri
tags:
- Solo-F
- D-s
- shave
- enema
- insert
- toys
- latex
- catsuit
- crate
- transport
- cons
- X
date: 2003-08-12 00:00:00
---

Hi my name is Jen you are joining me on my way to answer my door.
I am wearing just my robe that is big and fluffy and does not show much
at all. But under it, which you and the person ringing the doorbell cannot
see, is my small (5’5, 110 lbs) body. I have small (32B) firm breasts
with pink nipples that are very sensitive. And my nicely shaved pussy.

I open the door to say “hello,” to the UPS man standing there
beside a large crate.

“I have a package for a Jen Sinclair,” He says to me.

“I am Jen Sir,” Not ever being able to call a Man anything but
Sir or Master.

“It’s a large package, where would you like it Ma’am?” He says
as I sign for it.

“Just inside the door will be fine Sir.”

After he had brought in the 4-foot long crate. He left, I closed the
door and turned back to the large crate wondering what is in it.
I got a crow bar and opened the top of the crate. Inside I find a large
manila envelope on top of what looks to be a shiny metal trunk. I
grab the envelope take it to the kitchen to sit down and read it with a
cup of coffee.

Now I am sitting with a fresh coffee while I open the envelope with
shaky hands. In the envelope are several others all numbered but
one, which says “OPEN ME FIRST”. So I do and this is what it says:

Dear slave,
You know me as Master Lars. I have sent you this package
as you have applied to be my slave. I know everything I need to know
about you as we have chatted many times online and you have agreed to become
my 24/7 slave. FOREVER. Now is the chance to back out if you think that
this is not for you. I know that this is a big decision for an 18-year-old
girl. Just put everything back into the crate and send it back to the return
address and move on with your life. If you want to continue then
read on.

Ok I see you are still reading on which means you now belong to
me so you better be naked now. I want you delivered at the
end of the week, so tie up all your loose ends (sorry about the pun). After
that then on Wednesday you may open letter one. Make sure to cancel your
lease, all your utilities. There is no need to bring anything I have not
said in the letters. I just need your body and mind. Now you are
to do this entire thing with only a sundress and shoes on and nothing else
understood. You are to also only be on a liquid diet starting today. Now
do these things and read the next letter on Wednesday my slave.
Master Lars.

Wow I could not believe what has just happened. I was sweaty and shaking
now. What was I to do this is what I have always wanted. Well I guess I
better get to it and do as I am told.

It is now Wednesday morning and I am sitting at the table with a coffee
again with the letter number 1 in front of me. I have everything tied up
as I was told. Now I am shaking again as I open this letter:

Dear slave,
Good I see you have made it this far so now there is no turning
back. Now go to the crate and get the trunk out. Do it now!
I do as I am told. I have sitting by my front door a shiny stainless steel
trunk 4’ long, 3’ wide and 3’ high. Just big enough for me to kneel in.
it is open but I have not been told to look inside yet so I don’t. I go
back to the letter.
Good now slave I want you to go into the trunk (it is
open do not close it after you lift the lid up). I want you to get the
container in the trunk it is right on top. Then go to the bathroom and
follow the instructions on it to remove all your body hair. Do it now!
I do as I am told to the bathroom and spread the thick gooey hair remover
all over my body. I do this from head to toe. It says to leave it on for
15 mins. It feels like red-hot chili has been applied all over my body
and is quite uncomfortable. I then washed it all off as said in the
instructions. As I stand under the warm water all my hair falls from my
body and goes into the drain.

“Well I guess that would be a problem if I was staying here any longer”,
I giggle to myself.

I dry off and see myself in the mirror. What a sight, I have never seen
anything like it before. I looked like a little kid again but I guess I
am still only 18. I walk back to the kitchen the air cool on my skin. I
pick up the letter again.

Good slave you should be hairless now. You will stay that way
forever, as that hair remover was permanent. On we go then slave you should
go to the trunk again and get the enema bag, the solution for it, and the
anal plug that is in there. You are to take 5 2-quart enemas they are labeled
in the order you are to take them. Then after you are sure you have been
totally cleaned and emptied you are to put in the anal plug. Do it now!
Being so horny now I go back to the bathroom and clean myself out 5 times
like I was told. I then sat on the toilet for sometime making sure I have
gotten it all out of me. Then I insert the large plug into my ass, it was
very large and hurt a lot. Master never mentioned any lube so I did not
use any. This done I went back to the kitchen. That being the end of that
letter I opened the number 2 letter it read:
Dear slave,
Now it is time to get you ready for the next phase of your shipping.
I want you to go to the trunk and get out the small black box and the big
red box and set them on your bed. Then come back here and read on. With
that done I want you to go to the trunk and get out the white box and go
to the bathroom. There you will insert the catheter and use the 50mm syringe
to fill it up full so it will not come out of you.
I walked to the trunk and took the 2 boxes to my room still with the very
uncomfortable anal plug in my ass. Then I went and got the white box and
went to the bathroom. I inserted the catheter in my urethra and started
filling it up with the syringe. It hurt so bad as I was just at the 30mm
mark but I slowed and took my time. Finally finished I went back to the
kitchen with the hose dangling between my legs. The pain was intense. Back
in the kitchen I pick up the 3rd letter and it reads:
Dear slave,
Glad you are continuing my slave not much left but to dress you. So
you will go to your room and put on the latex garments in the red box.
There is a note in there of which order to put them on. Then open the black
box and put the things in there on too. Then come back and read the last
letter. Do it now!
I go to the bedroom and open the red box pull out the note first and set
it aside. Then I start pulling out the pieces of latex. First of
the things to come out was a pair of clear latex stockings. I set them
aside also. Moving on I pull out clear latex gloves, a clear latex hood
that has eye and nose hole and a mouth hole. Then I pull out the big piece
a black latex cat suit. It was so nice like a work of art. So shiny but
it felt heavy and stiff yet silky. There was also a pair of black knee
high latex ballet boot.

Checking the note I started with the clear latex stockings pulling them
up my super smooth legs. I was taking my time with everything I did not
want to rip anything. I then pulled on the latex gloves they sent tingles
around my body. They reached all the way up to my armpits. I then put on
the latex hood. It was very tight but fit my bald skull perfect. I then
went and got some talcum powder and sprinkled it all over my body so the
catsuit would slip over the other latex.

Getting the catsuit I slowly inch myself into it squeezing myself into
it as I go. It was very tight and hard to get into. After about 30 mins
I had it over my hips and fishing out the catheter through the hole in
the front for it. After getting it up and over my shoulders and placing
my fingers in the gloves. With the catsuit on I did not know what to do
with myself I was shaking and I was so horny to know I was almost done.
Last piece in this box was the ballet boots. I have never worn these before
and did not know if I could even walk in them. Sitting down on the bed
to put them on was a mistake as it pushed the plug in further. But I pushed
on and put on the boots and tried to stand without falling over. This was
not easy but I managed.

I then opened the black box that held ankle, wrist cuffs and a collar
made of heavy latex. I put these on and looked to see what else was in
the box all that was left was a ball gag with a tube coming from it and
a black latex hood. The hood was face less with a small hole for the tube
to go through and nose tubes in it. There was a note that said to not put
on the hood yet.

I then went back to the kitchen and opened that last letter. By this
time I was so scared I did not know if I should go on. I opened the last
letter:

Dear slave,
I hope you like you new clothes as you might be in them for a while.
To move on now because we are on a tight schedule. Read the rest of this
letter before you do any of it. I want you to pull the trunk out your back
door and kneel in it. There is a set of slots for your boots to fit in
to. Then you are to lock your ankle cuffs to the open and waiting lock
that will be there. With that done I want you to hook your catheter to
the short hose in the trunk. Then you are to put on the hood make sure
you look around the trunk to make sure you know where everything is before
you do this. Then you are to close the lid. After that you are to hook
up the hose on the chin rest to your hood and gag. Then lock your collar
to the chin rest. Last but not least you are to lock your cuffs to the
pins in the side of the trunk, this should not be that hard just push the
pins into the holes.
Good bye slave and see you soon. Now hurry the UPS man will be there
soon.
Master Lars
I am now all locked into the trunk as I did all that was in the letter
to a T. I have been here for what seems like hours and it is getting hot
in here. I thought I might not have anything to drink but I was wrong.
He had set it up so I was recycling my own urine.

My thoughts were interrupted by my trunk moving. Wow I thought to myself
here we go I was on my way. But to where?…
