---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Chain
authors:
- Budman
tags:
- MF/f
- bond
- rope
- basement
- hogtie
- clothespins
- oral
- toys
- susp
- clamps
- sendep
- tease
- denial
- rom
- cons
- XX
date: 2023-06-19 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 40: The Weekend, Varieties of Bondage

“Protocol back on, Regina.” Fred declared, “And Clair, I think, since Regina has figured out our ‘game’, you can leave protocol off.”

“Awww, you mean I don’t get any more beatings?” Clair whined.

“Oh, I didn’t say that,” Fred laughed, “I just don’t think we need to roleplay punishments anymore, I’ll just beat you because we both enjoy it. Clair, grab the key to Regina’s chain, time to move to the basement.”

When they went through the door to the back of the basement, Regina was looking around wide eyed. She knew there was a jail cell down there, but it was a lot to take in. The cell itself, the trolly and chain system, the pole, the exercise equipment, but especially what Bob called the “Play area.”

Bob led them to the play area and ordered them both to kneel facing him.

“Regina, you said you wanted to experience being completely helpless, well, we’re going to work on that by focusing on the B of BDSM.”

Regina just nodded.

“I think I’m going to put Clair into a tie first so you can see what to expect, then I’ll put you in the same tie. I may also add to both of your bondage every few minutes. Since Clair is more experienced, when I think you’ve had enough, I’ll untie you first, then Clair. That way Clair will stay in each tie at least twenty or thirty minutes longer than you will.”

“Ooo, goodie,” Clair said enthusiastically.

“Let’s start with a classic, the hog tie.” Fred said as he pulled several hanks of neatly coiled rope from a trunk.

Fred tied Clair’s wrists palm to palm, then pulled her elbows within an inch of each other with another wrap above her elbows. He tied her ankles and knees with another shank. Regina never took her eyes off his work. He wrapped rope around Clair’s chest, crisscrossing her breasts and going over her shoulders to a knot on her back. Another piece of rope was used to loop between her ankle ropes and the knot on her back. Once in place he pulled her feet almost to her back, giving her a nice arch and tied it off.

“I’m intentionally not going to gag you two. I want Regina to be able to communicate and I want you two to talk if you want to. Ready Regina?” Fred asked. When she nodded, he instructed, “on your belly.”

Fred then duplicated the tie he had done on Clair, except that he couldn’t pull Regina’s elbows nearly as close as Clair’s, and he really didn’t want to. Clair was enjoying the pain in her arms and shoulders, but Fred wanted Regina to focus on the bondage, not pain. Well, she certainly wouldn’t be comfortable, but he didn’t want her to be in agony.

“Regina, I need you to focus and listen to me, can you do that?” Fred asked.

“Yes Sir.”

“OK, I know you’re uncomfortable, but you should not be in pain. If you feel shooting pains that means a nerve is being pinched. Your limbs, especially your hands, will go numb after a while but you need to let me know if and when any of that happens. You can move and flex your hands to keep the circulation going a bit longer. Do you understand Regina?” Fred asked in his best Dom voice.

“Yes Sir.”

“Regina, do you realize how helpless you are? If I don’t untie you, you would literally die laying on this floor.” Fred stated.

“Oh Fred, so melodramatic. He’s not going to leave us like this Regina.” Clair said.

“I’m not going to leave you, but IF I did, there is nothing you could do. I want you to prove it to yourself Regina. I want to see you both try to get out of this tie. You can’t help each other but you can try to reach your own knots, try to wiggle out of the ropes, even try to roll or crawl over to something to hook the ropes on. If you can get out, I’ll give you 15 unrestricted minutes with the vibrator of your choice. If you can't, you probably won’t be cumming today.

Clair only gave it a token effort, she had been tied by Fred many times and already knew how hopeless it was, plus she had an ‘O’ last night and was horny but not desperate. Regina, on the other hand, really did want to test the ropes, both because Fred had told her to and because she wanted to test the tie. After a few minutes, Clair was the first to realize that Regina was struggling so hard she was probably bruising and abrading her wrists.

“Regina, are you OK?” Clair asked, afraid she was panicking.

“Yes,”-pant-“why?”-pant-” Regina said between breaths.

“If you keep that up, you’re going to have marks on your wrists that may last longer than your limit.” Clair explained.

“Yea,”-pant-“It hurts,”-pant-“but I think”-pant-“I can get a wrist out.”

“Regina,” Fred added, “you have my permission to stop testing but even if you continue, you need to take a break and slow down, Clair is right, you’ll damage yourself. You’re not going to get out of that tie anyway and if you did start to, I’d just add more rope. Doms don’t play fair.”

Clair and Regina laid on the floor looking at each other for the next 10 minutes without saying a word. Regina’s breathing calmed and she closed her eyes. Meanwhile, Fred was sitting in one of the basement metal folding chairs playing on his phone ignoring them.

Every few minutes Fred would get up and put clothespins on toes. He started with each woman’s little toe. Two minutes later another toe got a pin and so forth.

After about 12 minutes all the toes had clothes pins on them so, Fred went to each of the women and took about six inches out of the connecting rope putting them in an even harsher arch.

Clair, being her usual brat, called him a bastard, then explained to Regina, “One of Fred’s ‘rules of bondage’ is that IT can always get worse.”

“Yea, this is worse.” Regina said and Clair noticed she looked like she was about to cry. Clair caught Fred’s eye one of the times he looked up from his phone and cut her eyes towards Regina, saying with her eyes ‘Pay attention to her!’

Part of the discomfort was in the women’s necks. Fred had their shoulders pulled back so far towards their feet that their backs were arched and their heads hanging down with chins on their chests. Fred rolled both women on their sides where the sides of their heads could lay on the floor. He moved them where they were facing each other and knelt in between them. He wet both his index fingers and stuck them in between the women’s legs, snaking in till he found two clits. It was a little like rubbing your tummy and patting your head at the same time, but he did manage to do small rubbing motions on each. Since his dominant right hand was on Regina’s clit she got better attention than Clair which was good. But after a few minutes Clair was showing signs of arousal, Regina was not. Since he couldn’t distract Regina from the pain, he decided it was time to change up.

“If I untie you now, will you suck my dick Regina? Or would you rather stay there another fifteen minutes?” Fred asked.

“Please sir, let me suck you off.” Regina almost wailed.

Ignoring Clair he untied the rope connecting Regina’s wrists and ankles and helped her stretch out. He then untied her knees, ankles and elbows but left her wrists for now.

After he helped Regina to her knees he told Clair, “OK Cuck Queen, you know how I like it, start giving Regina instructions, tips, and advice. And Regina, pay attention and listen hard because Clair stays in that hog tie till you get me off. You know how much agony you were in, consider that she’s been in that tie about ten minutes longer than you were and still counting.”

Regina went to work, and Clair started coaching. Fred was already hard when he unzipped so Clair told Regina how to run her tongue along the bottom of Fred’s penis, how to do short strokes on the head, how to relax and try to go deep (she couldn’t master this) and, once Fred started tensing up, she instructed: “Regina, he’s about to cum, keep going, short fast strokes, but keep the cum in your mouth, don’t let it dribble out and don’t swallow any. He’ll want to see it.”

Regina did her best, but it shot into her mouth so hard that some of it went down her throat anyway and made her cough. In coughing, she accidentally spit some out.

When both Fred and Regina caught their breath, Fred said:

“What do you have in your mouth Regina?”

When she showed him, he continued, “Why do you still have Clair’s cum in your mouth? All my cum belongs to my wife, that load belongs to my wife, give it to her!”

Regina looked momentarily confused until Clair said, “He wants us to kiss, please hurry, my back’s killing me.”

Regina laid down on the floor next to Clair and tried to lock lips with her, but most of the cum went on their faces and the floor.

“OK, I shouldn’t have to do all the work around here,” Fred said, “untie each other.”

Clair was still laying on her side facing Regina. “Go around the back, back up to me and untie this connecting rope please. Hurry?” she added.

When Clair’s connecting rope was undone, she stretched out and sighed. She was then able to untie Regina’s wrists and then Regina could finish untying Clair. Both women then took the clothespins off their toes, with some grimacing as the blood and feeling surged back into each toe. They then stood, stretched, examined their own and each other’s rope marks.

“Rope marks are kind of pretty!” Regina commented.

“Glad you think so,” Fred replied, “you’ll get a few more before this morning is over.”

“OK Ladies, time to stretch those muscles” Fred said as he retrieved a nice thin whippy cane from the cabinet. “Face each other about 2 feet apart.”

When Regina and Clair were facing each other, Regina raised her eyebrows as if to say “what’s he up to?” Clair shrugged her shoulders.

“Fifty Jumping jacks, I want you to clap your hands above your head, and I want to hear the clap. Then I want you to slap your hands on your thighs and I want to hear that. I want you to count, together every time you slap your thighs. And I want those feet to jump out at least four feet.” As Fred said this he was whipping the cane back and forth making it clear why he was holding it.

“Start now!”

“One, clap, clap, Two, clap, clap, Three…"

“Get some height on it,” Fred encouraged, “I want to see more titty bounce!”

“Four, clap, clap, Five, clap, clap, Six…"

Clair and Regina both thought they were in good shape but fifty jumping jacks, when someone is tapping your thighs and ass with a cane any time you slack off, well, that’s a lot of work.

Fred was really enjoying the two bouncing bodies before him. Four tits and two asses were bouncing up and down with each other. Clair couldn’t help but notice that Fred’s eyes were lingering a lot longer on Regina’s breasts than on hers. Regina was at least a full cup size larger, and although Clair had always been very confident in her looks, when Fred did finally look at her face, he realized Clair’s eyes were shooting daggers at him. “Ooops, he thought,” and he started playing with Clair’s large puffy nipples with the end of his cane, following them up and down and flicking them with each jump, reminding Clair of his love for ‘his’ body too.

When the 100 were over, both women were winded.

“Plank position.” Fred announced. “On your elbows, up on your toes, spread your legs! Hold that position. First one to let her belly touch the floor doesn’t get an egg during the next tie.”

Regina looked at Clair and mouthed “Egg?”

“Fred,” Clair said out loud, “Regina doesn’t know what an ‘egg’ is.”

Fred went over to the cabinet, took out one of Jill’s eggs and its matching remote, used a disinfecting wipe to wipe it off, just in case it hadn’t been cleaned, then set it down on the floor under Regina’s face. When he stood up he pushed the “high” button on the remote and the egg danced all over the floor.

“Ohhh,” Regina smiled, “I wonder where that goes?”

“You’ll never find out, wimpy girl!” Clair teased.

“We’ll see who’s spent more time in the gym weakling.” Regina replied.

By this time, almost two minutes had passed and both women were starting to sag and strain.

“Shit, this is harder than it looks!” Clair complained.

“I could do this all day?” Regina taunted.

After another minute, Clair was visibly quivering.

Regina was starting to show signs of strain but, hoping to end things quickly said, “Go ahead and give up! You can’t win this one Clair!”

Less than 30 seconds later, Clair dropped, “Shit,” she said, disappointed.

Fred knew how hard Clair worked at the school gym and wondered if she ‘threw’ the contest because she wanted Regina to experience the vibrating remote control egg.

“And we have a winner! OK you two, stand up.” Fred said gleefully.

Picking up rope from the floor that was recently used in the hog ties, Fred tied first Clair’s hands behind her back, then Regina’s. He then positioned them under the steel trolly track that ran from Jill’s cell to her exercise area along the ceiling. Throwing a rope over the track he pulled both women up into strappados. He pulled their wrists up until he saw both of them rise to their toes to reduce the strain. Regina had never been in this position and was surprised at how intense the pain in her shoulders became. She groaned but didn’t complain.

Both women danced on their toes, trying to find the point of balance that put less strain on their bodies. Clair’s nipples were, in Fred’s opinion, her best feature. They were the largest and puffiest nipples he’d ever seen, in person or in porn. Cutting two long pieces of string off a roll in Bob and Jill’s toy cabinet he tied one around each of Clair’s nipples rings. Fred used to be concerned about ripping Clair’s piercings out, but over the months since he gave those rings to Clair as an engagement gift, he had learned just how tough human flesh could be.

Clair sighed deeply, those large puffy nipples were very sensitive, and she loved when Fred was mean to them.

Regina’s nipples weren’t bad, but Fred didn’t think he could get a string to stay tied around them. He went back to the cabinet and came back with two Japanese sewing clamps.

“Regina,” Fred explained, “since you have such delicate nipples, I’m going to use these clamps. Once they are tied, I would try not to pull on them as they get tighter the more you try to pull them off. Oh, and they hurt like a mother!”

Fred applied the clamps right at the base of the meatiest part of the nipple.

“Oh Shit,” Regina exclaimed as he put each on, he was right, damn that hurt!

Fred then spun the women around so their heads were almost touching and tied the strings from Clair’s nipples to Regina’s clamps, crossing the strings between the women so Regina’s right nipple clamp was attached to Clair’s right nipple and vice versa.

When he started shortening the strings, the women immediately realized the challenge. To minimize the pain in their shoulders they had to keep their feet under them. But since they were bent over, this was a challenge, and they were constantly adjusting the position of their feet to maintain balance. But when Fred started pulling their nipples towards each other, they tried to move that way to minimize the pain on their nipples. It quickly became a dance, move towards the other woman but lose your balance and hang from your arms until you could regain balance. OR maintain your balance no matter how badly your nipples were pulled.

To be honest, Clair had the easier time. Not only was she a true pain slut and was getting incredibly wet from this predicament, but the string tied to her nipple rings was not hurting her nearly as much as the clamps on Regina’s nipples. And Clair had done some pretty severe strappado in the past; this was Regina’s first time, and she was having trouble coping.

Neither woman was happy when they saw Fred pick two more pieces of rope up from the pile. But Fred also picked up the egg, spit on it and moved around behind Regina.
“Time for your reward!” he announced and began parting her labia from behind. Fred quickly discovered that he needn’t have wasted his spit, Regina was soaking wet. The Egg plopped right in with little effort evoking an audible squeal.

“Now,” Fred said gleefully, “I’m sure you don’t want that popping out before I’ve even turned it on so let me fix that.” Fred doubled and then tied a piece of rope around Regina’s waist, knotting it in the back, then ran both pieces through her crack, over either side of her clit and, keeling down, pulled it tightly through the waist rope and tied it off. This was also Regina’s first time wearing a crotch rope and she wasn’t a fan until Fred used the remote to turn on the egg. Then Regina discovered that the vibrations were amplified by and carried to her clit by the rope. She ALMOST forgot the pain in her shoulders.

“I’m sure you won’t want to have all the fun, Regina,” Fred said as he moved towards Clair’s backside. No egg for Clair, but Fred did tie an even tighter crotch rope on his wife.

Then he left. He walked out of the back part of the basement without saying a word, closed the door and turned out the light. Since the back part of the basement had no windows, and Bob had put weather-seal around the door, there was NO light in the room. Bob had even covered a few LED’s on chargers and power supplies with black tape so they didn’t glow. When the lights were off, you couldn’t see your hand in front of your face no matter how long you let your eyes adjust. The only sound was the buzzing of the vibrator deep in Regina’s pussy and two women’s labored breathing.

“Clair?” Regina asked, “how long will he leave us?”

“As long as he wants to.” Clair answered bluntly.

“I didn’t expect him to leave.” Regina sounded a little scared, “I hope it’s not long. It feels so much more helpless if I can’t even beg him, and he can’t see how much I’m suffering. This really hurts!”

“Remember your breathing, just like when he was spanking you, focus on the pain and breathe.” Clair sounded so calm and confident that it calmed Regina down.

“Besides, didn’t you see the cameras? My dad put them in, they are Infrared so he can see us on Dad’s computer upstairs. That is if he’s watching us and not basketball,” Clair added.

“You didn’t have to mention basketball!” Regina wailed, “OK, breathe, focus on the vibrator, feel the pain. Perhaps I can get off.”

“Not likely,” Clair said. “At least an egg in my vagina, won’t take me all the way. It just gets frustrating as hell after a while.”

And the two women lapsed into silence, each in their own little world of pain and subspace. Occasionally one of them would try to adjust their position to decrease the pain in their shoulders or calves and that would tug on both their nipples. The result would be squeals followed by more dancing around trying to regain balance and equilibrium. But neither woman accused the other as they both knew the same discomfort and pain.

Fred didn’t leave them for long, although it seemed like hours to Clair and Regina. Fred was hungry and, with two slave girls in the house, he didn’t see why he should fix lunch. Plus, he really didn’t know how much Regina could take as they hadn’t played before.

Suddenly the light snapped on and it seemed SO bright. Fred came in loudly asking “So, who’s ready for lunch. If you’re enjoying this position, I can bring your lunch down and feed it to you so we don’t have to untie you.”

“Sir,” Clair said quietly, “I don’t think Regina can take much more.”

Fred noticed that Clair said ‘Sir’ even though protocol was off. “Oh REGINA can’t take much more. So I should untie her and let her fix lunch while I leave you here to finish enjoying this predicament?”

“Whatever Sir wishes.” Clair said submissively. Suddenly she wasn’t sure what kind of mood Fred was in. All morning he had been very playful but only full-on sadist Fred would leave her in this position much longer.

Fred let Regina’s arms down and she groaned loudly as the strain left her shoulders.

“I’m going to untie your hands, but the crotch rope stays on and the egg in, understand.” Fred said.

“Yes sir.” Regina replied.

He then went and let Clair’s hands down, “Have fun darling?” He asked.

“That was pretty stressful, how long were we in that position, it seemed like far longer than you’ve ever left me before,” Clair asked.

“That’s for me to know and you to wonder about, but I assume the isolation made it seem longer,” Fred replied.

As Regina started following Fred towards the stairs, she noticed that the motion of walking caused the ropes on either side of her clit to move ever so slightly. Clair noticed her stop and the temptation to adjust the ropes with her fingers. The crotch rope combined with the vibrating egg was certainly distracting.

“Feels good doesn’t it,” Clair laughed. “Try rocking your hips as you walk to make it rub even more.”
