---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: An Uncomfortable Night
authors:
- Jennifer
tags:
- Sbm
- plastic
- caught
- F/m
- cons
- X
date: 2006-07-30 00:00:00
---

I
enjoy bondage, and if I can’t find someone to help out, it has to be
self-bondage. Not always a good idea, especially when ‘The best laid plans of
mice and men gang aft a gley’ (with apologies to Robert Burns). In other
words, if something *can* go wrong, it *will* go wrong. I remember one
occasion when it did just that, but with a not altogether unsatisfactory ending
as it eventually turned out.

One
Friday evening I suddenly felt that I needed a good session, and decided that I
would indulge myself with what I called a ‘sweatbag’ session. Hot, sticky
and very uncomfortable, so I would usually wear the most enveloping plastic and
rubber clothing I could devise. I had a plentiful supply of rope in various
lengths for almost any method of restraint. My place of restraint was to be the
lounge room floor, which was comfortably carpeted. My path to freedom was a
sharp knife on the floor of the kitchen at the back of the house. Once I had
trussed myself up, I would have to wriggle my way out through the lounge door,
down the hall, into the kitchen, and cut myself free. Laborious, but simple
enough.

As
soon as I got home from work I put into practice an idea I’d dreamed up that
afternoon. I pulled out the various items of clothing I would need and put them
on the sofa in the lounge. Then I sorted out the ropes and began. First I needed
to put on my items of discomfort. On this occasion I’d decided to add a bit of
extra humiliation to my session, so after removing all my clothes and laying
down on the floor, I folded a large towelling square as a nappy, and pinned it
on securely with four nappy pins. Fortunately my sister had had a baby six
months before, so I had learned how to fold it correctly. On top of the nappy
came a humiliating large pair of adult-sized thick baggy plastic baby pants
I’d obtained from a sex shop. I felt a pang of pleasure as I drew the
elasticated pants up my legs and around my waist, enveloping my crutch securely.
The tight elastic at my waist and thighs would ensure that even if I had to wet
myself (or worse), nothing would come out.

Standing
up, I looked at the three girl’s hooded raincoats I had laid across the back
of the sofa; a translucent plastic mac, a yellow PVC one, and a red rubberised
cotton mackintosh. Worn one on top of the other, I knew that they would
guarantee my discomfort.

I
picked up the translucent full-length plastic mac, slid my arms into the
sleeves, and snapped shut the snap fasteners down the front. It felt cool
against my bare skin at first, but I knew that all that was about to change. I
tied the matching plastic belt around my waist in a neat non-slip double bow at
the front. This was going to be a full on discomfort session, so that wasn’t
the only layer of plastic I would be encased in. Picking up the safety yellow
PVC raincoat, I put it on over the plastic mac, and closed the snap fasteners
one by one. This was going to be *hot*.

 It was now time to silence myself so that I would be unable to
call for help, and I had devised a method of achieving this in the most
humiliating way. From the chair next to me I picked up my punishment dummy that
I’d bought from a supplier on the internet. But this was no ordinary baby’s
dummy. To begin with, it was very large. The three inch wide mouth cover was
easily large enough to cover my mouth from below my nose to the bottom of my
chin. On the inner side it was fitted with a large oval shaped silicone rubber
bulb which filled my mouth completely. There were four holes in the sides of the
mouth cover, and two long lengths of pink ribbon threaded through them to secure
the dummy in place.

I
opened my mouth and pushed the bulb of the dummy into it. The soft silicone
rubber seemed to fill every space in my mouth, and pushed my tongue gently but
firmly down. I placed the loops of ribbon behind my neck, and began to tighten
them by pulling the ends of the ribbons threaded through the front of the
dummy’s mouth cover and crossing them over. I then passed the ends round to
the back of my head, crossed them over, and pulled them tight in earnest. As I
did so, I could feel the rubber bulb penetrating deeper into my mouth and
filling it with silicone rubber. I passed the ribbons round to the front again,
and keeping them tight, continued to wind them around my head several more times
until I finally tied them in a bow at the back of my neck. I made an
experimental attempt to shout out at the top of my voice, but this all I could
do was emit a faint muffled babyish gurgle. Perfect. I pulled up the hood of the
plastic mac and tied it on securely with the tie tapes in a non-slip double bow
under my chin. Then I put up the hood of the PVC raincoat on top and buttoned it
up securely under my chin. There was now no way that I would be able to get
either of the hoods off once my hands were restrained. 

My
envelopment now began in earnest. It was warm up time. I picked up the
mackintosh from the sofa and looked at it in anticipation. It was identical in
style to the rubberised macs that little girls used to wear in the 1950’s, and
had been made to measure in a generous size for me by a mackintosh supplier. It
was a double-breasted red mackintosh made of double texture rubberised cotton,
with a buckle belt and an attached hood with both tie tapes and a button
fastening under the chin. I put my arms into the smooth, rubberised sleeves and
pulled the mackintosh on over my shoulders. Then, one by one I fastened the
buttons up to my neck, and fastened the belt tightly round my waist. The sleeves
came down as far as my fingers, and the hem hung down several inches below my
knees. I began to look and feel more like a little girl. Next, I pulled up the
hood and tied the fastening tapes in a tight non-slip double bow. Then, using
the additional button fastening, I buttoned it securely under my chin, and
pulled the hood well forward. It was of a style that used to be popular with
girl’s regulation school mackintosh hoods, with a square cut about 4 inches
long running across the top at the back of the head. I stepped back and looked
at myself in the mirror. With my face peeping out from under the mackintosh hood
and the large dummy covering my mouth, I looked just like a little toddler,
except for my bare legs.

That
was soon rectified with a pair of black shiny calf length girl’s fashion
wellies. I picked one up and placed my right leg into it. Since discomfort was
the idea, I had deliberately bought them two sizes too small for me, so as I
pushed my foot into the bottom my toes became painfully squashed up. I heaved
and grunted as I tried to squeeze my foot down into the constricted space, and
suddenly the heel of my foot slipped down into position. My foot was now firmly
and uncomfortably imprisoned in the black rubber boot. With the same difficulty,
I put on the other boot, and winced slightly as I stood up. Oh well, I wanted to
be uncomfortable. Now it was time to get myself tied up.

Sitting
on the ground, I took a long piece of rope, and after doubling it I wound it
several times around my ankles before running the two rope lengths between my
ankles in opposite directions, cinching them tightly as I wound them around the
rope between my ankles. I pulled the cinch tighter and tighter, and with the
protection of the rubber boots I was able to secure my ankles tightly without
discomfort. There was certainly no way that I would be able to pull my feet out
of the tight rubber boots. I tied the rope ends together in a secure knot,
leaving two lengths of rope a few feet long hanging from it. I tied one end off
around the cinch between my ankles to tuck it out of the way.

Taking
the other length, I made a hangman’s noose cinch loop in the end which would
be easy to close but impossible to open once my hands were tied. After making
the cinch loop on the end, I wound the rope several times around the cinch
between my ankles, which shortened it until the loop was connected to my ankles
by only a few inches of rope.

Next
came my legs. I looped another doubled length of rope around them just above the
knee a couple of times, and then ran the ends in a cinch through the middle
before tying it off. I made sure that the final knot would be at the front of my
legs so that there would be no way that I would be able to reach them with my
hands tied behind my back. Taking another long length of rope, I doubled it and
wound it several times around my chest and arms just above my elbows, put the
ends through the loop and then pulled it tight. Then I tied it in a knot in
front of my chest where I would be unable to reach it. With my upper arms now
securely pinned to my body, my time of helplessness was fast approaching.

On
the ground next to me was a prepared loop of rope which I’d twisted a few
times so that it formed a much smaller loop of six coils of rope that I could
just squeeze both my hands into and so would fit snugly around my wrists. I laid
down on my back with my legs bent under me so that I could almost touch my
heels. Than I put my hands behind my back, and placed my left hand into the
coiled loop. With my right hand, I slipped the cinch loop attached to my ankles
over my left wrist and up my left arm a little. Then I squeezed my right hand
into the coiled loop so that the palms of my hands faced each other.

With
my wrists snugly held together by the wrist loop, I now manoeuvred the cinch
loop connected to my ankles down my arm, over my hand, and into the centre of
the coiled loop enclosing my wrists. The cinch rope was now between my wrists at
right angles to the wrist loop going across.

Now
came the moment of commitment. I knew that once I’d tightened the cinch rope,
the coiled rope around my wrists would be so tight that it would be impossible
for me to get my hands out of it. My only way of escape would then be with the
sharp knife lying on the kitchen floor. My heart thumping, I rolled over onto my
front, and began to pull my ankles away from my bound wrists. As I pulled, the
friction knot of the cinch loop closed between my wrists around the coiled rope,
the loop grew smaller and smaller. With a final sharp tug of commitment, the
knot of the cinch knot came hard up against my bound wrists, totally out of
reach of my fingers. With my hands tied in this way, there was no way that I
could reach any of the knots, and my arms were now securely tied together and
connected by a short length of rope to my ankles. It was a classic hogtie.

I
lay there quietly for a moment, enjoying the feeling of utter helplessness, and
then began to wriggle and squirm in a genuine effort to free myself. But with my
hands unable to reach a single knot, there was no chance of that.

After
about half an hour of fruitless struggling, I decided it was time to get free.
The crawl along the hallway floor was going to be a long one. With a muffled
grunt I suddenly found that I’d overdone the shortness of the cinch rope tying
my wrists to my ankles, and that movement was going to be more difficult than
I’d thought. I also suddenly realised that with such a tight hogtie my ankles
continually pulled hard on my wrists, so I would have real difficulty in cutting
the ropes with the knife.

I
began the laborious crawl out of the lounge room and out into the hall. Then
came the long and increasingly painful journey down the length of the hall
towards the kitchen. As I heaved and strained my way along at a snail’s pace,
the plastic pants and macs, together with the thick rubber mackintosh on top and
the rubber boots I had imprisoned myself in, began to take effect. I began to
sweat, and the more I squirmed and writhed, the hotter I became. Well, I’d
wanted discomfort, and now I’d got it with a vengeance. Somehow it no longer
seemed quite such a good idea as the sweat began to pour down my face.

It
must have taken me a full hour to reach the doorway of the kitchen, and by the
time I got there I felt like a limp rag. Oh well, once I’d got the knife I’d
soon be free. The knife? Where the hell was it? I looked across the kitchen
floor and couldn’t see it anywhere. I slowly crawled further into the kitchen,
but still couldn’t see it. It *had* to be there somewhere. For some
reason I started to look up, and as I looked at the sink unit I suddenly
remembered. *Oh no*! I’d forgotten to put the knife on the floor. In my
impatient preparations I’d left it on the draining board just four feet above
me, but it might has well have been on the moon. In a paroxysm of frustration, I
began to heave and squirm against the ropes, but I’d done far too good a job
for that to be of any help at all. Without thinking, I tried to yell at the top
of my voice, but of course, I’d taken good care of *that* as well. The
humiliating dummy kept me quieter than any baby.

After
a few minutes of sweaty, impotent rage at my own stupidity, I tried to think
rationally, but there was no way that I could see out of the situation. Here I
was, helplessly and securely trussed up and gagged in the most humiliating
situation, and there was nothing I could do about it. Then my heart missed a
beat as I realised something. Sally was going to find me like this. Sally was my
girlfriend, and knew nothing about either my penchant for plastic and rubber
raincoats or my love of self-bondage. I groaned as I realised that there was
also another problem. She wasn’t due round until Saturday afternoon, so if I
couldn’t get free I was going to be stuck like this for the next 18 hours! At
least she had a key to let herself in.

In
tears of frustration with my stupidity, I decided that the lounge room floor
would be more comfortable than the hard kitchen floor, so with a groan of
resignation I began my weary way back to the lounge. Another hour of hot,
painfully slow crawling followed before I finally reached the lounge again. By
the time I reached it, my hot plastic and rubber cocoon was soaking wet on the
inside, and I was hardly able to move any more. The sweat ran down my face, and
I felt exhausted as I breathed heavily through my nostrils. Fortunately, a
cushion had fallen on the floor, and I was able to spend a long and sleepless
night lying on my side using it as a pillow.

Since
it was a summer evening I hadn’t bothered to switch on the light when I’d
started, so I had to lie there on the ground in the dark for hour after hour,
occasionally trying to shift my position to be more comfortable. But discomfort
was what I had planned, and discomfort was what I had to endure. Sleep was
impossible.

After
what seemed an eternity, it finally began to grow light, and I found that I had
a growing urge to go to the toilet, which grew inexorably stronger and stronger.
Despite my best efforts not to let go, nature eventually triumphed, and I wept
tears of humiliation as I wet my nappy in true baby fashion. Wait until Sally
discovered *that*!

The
morning passed, and I heard the world coming to life around me. With a few hours
left yet, I decided to make one last effort to get free. I began to heave and
writhe in desperation. I sweated, squirmed and moaned as I tried to reach any of
the knots with one of my hands. Not a chance, and after twenty minutes I gave
up. No, I’d just have to take it on the chin.

Early
in the afternoon, my heart missed a beat as I heard the key in the lock of the
front door and the sound of Sally’s voice. ‘Hi Tommy, it’s me. Where are
you?’ The moment of truth had arrived. She came down the hall and into the
lounge, and looked down at me. A look of amazement crossed her face, and then
she slowly and deliberately sat down on the sofa and grinned. ‘Well well *well*’
she said, ‘And what do we have here? A cute little girl all dressed up in her
mac and boots ready for the rain. You must be *boiling* in that lot. What
fun!’ I looked up at her and yelled ‘*Mmmmmmph*! *Mmmmm*! *Mmmmmmp*!’
With a cool expression on her face Sally looked down at me and said ‘I assume
that means please untie me?’

‘Mmmmmmmmm!’
I nodded vigorously in the affirmative. She grinned again, and as she crouched
down I sighed with relieved anticipation as I expected her to release me. *My
ordeal’s over* I thought. But Sally had other ideas. Instead of starting to
untie me, she rolled me over onto my front and ran her hands tantalisingly over
the tightly knotted ropes and chuckled. ‘Well now’ she said, ‘Since you
like being tied up, I think I can improve on that.’ She smiled, and picking up
a length of rope from the sofa, doubled it and ran it around my arms just above
my elbows. Then she started to pull the loop tighter and tighter around them. I
tried to protest, but the only sound to get past the silicone rubber dummy
filling my mouth was ‘*Mmmmmph*! *Mmmmmb*!’ as slowly but surely
my elbows were drawn closer together. Finally they were touching, and with an
efficiency that I didn’t know she possessed, Sally cinched my elbow rope and
tied it off tightly, way out of  reach
of my fingers. And still she wasn’t finished.

My
heart sank as she picked up another length of rope, and folding it double, ran
it round the cinch holding my ankles together. Then she passed the ends up
between my bound hands and back down to my ankles. Threading it once more around
the ankle cinch, she took the ends back up to the cinch securing my elbows.
Passing the rope round the elbow cinch, she began to pull on it. Like a pulley
system, my hands and feet were drawn closer and closer together until my back
began to ache and the heels of my feet were finally touching my bottom.

Swiftly,
Sally tied off the end of the rope to my elbow cinch rope. Now I was *really*
stuck. ‘*Mmmmmmm*! *Mmmmmp*! *Mnnnmmmg*!’ I yelled, and
desperately tried to wriggle. But I couldn’t even squirm, and the tight ropes
which restrained me seemed to take on a personality of their own, almost as if
they were enjoying it.

Sitting
down on the sofa again, Sally looked down at my helpless form and chuckled. She
was obviously enjoying herself. ‘Well now’ she smiled wickedly, ‘I must
say you’re very good at tying yourself up, aren’t you?’ Suddenly the penny
dropped. She *knew*! As if to answer my thoughts Sally stood up and folded
her arms, completely in control. ‘Believe it or not’ she said, ‘I’ve
known about this little activity of yours for the last three months, ever since
I came across your magazines, ropes and other little toys in the cupboard. Very
careless of you. I was wondering when you’d bring the subject up. I’m a bit
miffed actually, because it shows that you didn’t think our relationship could
stand it. Well it may surprise you to know that I’m a lot more broad-minded
than you think, and I’ll be quite happy to oblige you with this little hobby
of yours from time to time, but only on condition that you never do it without
me being here. If I *ever* find you like this again, I’ll take advantage
of the situation and make you wish you’d never been born. Now how long have
you been there? Since last night?’

‘Mmmmm’
I nodded in the affirmative.

‘How
uncomfortable for you’ she grinned, ‘Well just to teach you a lesson, you
can stay like that until tonight. I’ve got to go and do some shopping now, so
you just lie there and behave yourself. Later on I’ll untie you and then we
can go for a meal. And we can discuss some future fun and games in bed
tonight.’ She walked across to the door, turned, and said 
‘Bye bye for now, see you later. All right?’

‘*Mmmmmmmp*!’
I gurgled. With one last giggle she left me wriggling like a helpless baby on
the floor, and a few minutes I heard the sound of the front door being slammed.
Once more I was left to struggle and squirm in the discomfort of my plastic and
rubber cocoon.

After a couple of hours Sally
returned. She came into the room and bent down to look in my face. She grinned
as she said playfully with mock concern ‘Ooh my goodness, you’re all red
aren’t you? Enjoying yourself?’

‘*Mmmmmmph*! *Mmmmmm*!
*Mmmmmmn*!’ I yelled, wriggling and writhing helplessly. I moaned and
tried to say ‘Please untie me,’ but all that came out was a garbled ‘*Plnnnnnummmpee*!’
Sally straightened up with her hands on her hips and laughed. ‘Untie you? Not
likely, I’m enjoying this far too much. Oh no, I’ve hardly started yet. No,
you can suffer just a little bit longer, so just lie there and enjoy your
sauna.’ She went out of the room again, and left me moaning in humiliated
frustration as I vainly squirmed and writhed against my restraints.

Sally
finally returned some hours later, looked down at me, and with a broad grin said
‘Well I suppose you’ve suffered enough. All right, let’s get you out of
those ropes.’

She
knelt down next to me and began to untie me. As each rope fell away I gave a
groan of relief, but even fully untied, I lay there on the floor for several
minutes before I could straighten out my aching limbs. But gradually the
numbness caused by the ropes began to recede, and finally I was able to stiffly
stand up. Sally unfastened each raincoat hood in turn, and lowered it. As the
hood of the innermost plastic mac was drawn off my head I gave a sigh of relief
as the cool air ran over my face.

Sally
untied my punishment dummy and slowly pulled it out of my mouth. Moving my
aching jaw from side to side I said ‘Thanks. Gee, they sure don’t call that
thing a *punishment* dummy for nothing!’

‘And
it’s very effective too’ grinned Sally, ‘As well as humiliating. You
couldn’t make a sound could you?’

She
helped me to take off the three raincoats, and burst out laughing when she saw
that I was wearing a nappy and baby pants. I tried to remove the rubber boots,
but soon found that they were too tight for me to remove without help. Sally
grinned and said ‘What’s up? Bit tight are they? All right, hang on.’ She
took a firm grip on the boots, but even so, it took a lot of hard pulling before
she was able to get them off.

I
then wearily made my way to the bathroom carrying the three raincoats to rinse
out, and had a blissful cool shower before I dried myself, left the raincoats in
the bath, and made my way back to the lounge to dress myself. After that I felt
wonderfully refreshed, as if I’d had a sauna, and in a way, I suppose I had.

In
the meantime, Sally had prepared a meal for us, and as we sat down to eat, she
said ‘Well, how was that? Up to expectations?’

‘Was
it ever!’ I said, ‘It was unreal. At this point I decided to be completely
open, and told her all about my liking for rainwear and bondage. My honesty paid
off, because she smiled as she said ‘Yes, I wondered about that the other day
when you said that you liked my raincoat, and now I understand why. Well don’t
worry about it, I know that PVC macs can be a bit of a turn on for both men *and*
women, so there’s nothing for you to be ashamed of.’ I felt a wave of relief
as I realised that she understood me so well.

‘By
the way Sal’ I said, ‘Where the hell did you learn so much about tying
someone up? You’re obviously an expert.’

‘Oh
it was easy. My ex boyfriend Bill was into bondage in quite a big way, and being
slightly sadistic I was happy to oblige him. I find having a man helplessly
within my power quite a turn on, so we were both satisfied. It’s rather nice
to find that you seem to have very similar tastes to him, so that suits me just
fine.’ She looked at me thoughtfully for a moment, and then said ‘Look, why
don’t we explore this a little more? You tell me more about just what turns *you*
on, and I’ll tell you what *I* like, and then, if it’s OK, we can try
out some bondage fun and games. But with *you* as the victim, of course.’

‘So’
she said, looking me in the eye, ‘Do you think you could stand another session
next week end, something a little bit more stringent?’

‘*More*
stringent?‘ I said, ‘Strewth.’

‘Oh
believe me, I’ve got lots of tricks up my sleeve if you’re game enough to
try them. I’ve got something in mind that will *really* turn you on, and
it might just involve me using you for my own pleasure. You’ll be my helpless
plaything.’

I
liked the way she was heading, and with all memory of my recent discomfort
fading already, I eagerly agreed. ‘All right then’ smiled Sally, ‘That’s
a date.’

And
so our friendship grew in a mutually satisfying way. I liked being tied up, and
Sally enjoyed her dominant position, so we were both pleased. A couple of years
later we were married, and the longer we remained together, the more we came to
understand each other’s needs, and were able to fulfil them.

Well,
I think I’ll finish here. Sally’s upstairs waiting for me with what she
calls the ‘ultimate in turn ons’, so I wonder what she has in mind? Oh well,
I’d better go up and find out, hadn’t I?

 

THE
END
