---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storieslr/the_rack.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: The Rack
authors:
- J Bren
tags:
- Sbm
- cuffs
- spreader
- hoist
- susp
- toys
- stuck
- caught
- F/m
- cbt
- oral
- sex
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2002-11-04 00:00:00
---

Here's a story about one of my recent self-bondage adventures. It actually
turned into a misadventure. I had the day and house to myself and was in
the mood for a little self-bondage. In my basement I have installed above
the ceiling panels a series of eyehooks that go thru the beams for extra
support (I'm 6'3" and 215lbs). I often use them for suspension with a frozen
chain release. Today, I felt like a stretch instead.

I opened the panel in the back of the storage room where I keep my stuff
for playing, several lengths of chain, heavy duty rope, locks, hooks, locking
leather cuffs and harness's and my favorite purchase, an electric hoist.

Today I planned on using what could be refered to as "The Rack". What
it is, is a 20-foot long folding metal ladder. What I do is bind my feet
to one end using ankle restraints and chains. I use a steel spreader bar
that I have attached my hands to locked in leather cuffs. My legs are held
in position with chains and locks, the keys which are in a timed box above
me, usually set from 4-6 hours. Using the top of the ladder to secure the
hoist I attach it to the spreader bar and secure my hands to it. The control
for
the hoist is hooked to a timer for 3-second bursts, usually about 30 of
them at various intervals. After 15 minutes of the hoist pulling my arms,
like the rack, the timer cuts the power for about 4-6 hours. Once it comes
back on, it can reverse and lowers the bar so I can reach for the keys
and unlock myself.

Once ready I attach Japanese clover clamps to my nipples and they are
attached to a weight that is looped through one of the eyehooks. I usually
use about 2lbs. for the nipple pull. For an additional thrill I have a powerful
electric vibrator that is hooked into a timer that comes off and on at
various times (up to 11 times) for anywhere from 60 seconds to 8 minutes.
It usually takes 3 minutes to get me off and after about 4 minutes, it
becomes almost painful.

So what happened to me that made it different?

While being stretched
by the hoist a circuit breaker blew and I couldn't get free. I never planned
on something like this so I was frantically trying to figure a way out.
The vibrator, plugged into a different line, kept coming on and off as
programmed, but my arms and legs were held fast and I had no way out. So
here I am for quite a while stretched out, nipples aching, cock dripping
when I hear the sound of someone walking around upstairs. I know it's too
early for my wife to be home, and if she saw me like this she would freak.
(She's very vanilla in the sex department.)

I hear the TV go on and footsteps
in the kitchen opening the fridge, cabinets, etc. I was afraid to call
out not knowing who it was so I continued to try and free myself from my
bonds. I could almost reach the screw on the bar holding the hook by my
right hand. I hear the basement door open and someone coming downstairs.
We have a second fridge in the storage room, which you have to walk past
where I am to get to. The overhead light goes on and I hear someone say,
"Holy Shit! What's going on?". That someone is my wife's best friend, Jody.
She sometimes visit's us for a couple of days, usually when her husband's
been a jerk and she needs to get away from him. She knows where the extra
key is and the alarm code.

She walks over to me and asked what am I doing? Did someone do this
to me, am I all right? I asked her to go to the circuit box and reset the
breaker and then I'd tell her all about this. Just then the Vibrator goes
off and I get a boner. She watched as I got erect and the vibrator shut
off before I got off. She said I better explain before she reset the breaker.
I tried to convince her that my arms were killing me and I needed to get
out of the cuffs.

"Well then, you'd better explain because I'm not flipping the breaker
till you explain!" she says smiling down at me. I started to explain about
my love of self bondage and that marital sex, while great, has been lacking
in the kink department and that I do this every so often to keep myself
happy. Jody looks down at me and starts to laugh. And as she's laughing
she starts to take off the top and skirt she's wearing. All she had on
was a tiny thong and thigh hose.

Now after 14 years with my wife, I have never touched another woman,
and I said so. She just laughed and said it's OK, no one would ever find
out. I tried to say no, I don't want to do this, but the vibrator kicked
on again, bringing me to full erection. Jody straddled my face and told
me to eat her pussy. I had no choice since she started to grind down on
my mouth with just the thin strip of her thong rubbing on my lips. To encourage
me, she tugged on the weight attached to the nipple clips. I yelped in
pain and she pushed down hard on my mouth. I gave in and started to use
my tongue on her pussy. While I was doing this, she had unstrapped the
vibrator from my cock and started to jerk me, pulling my balls with her
other hand. After a few minutes, she started rocking on my face, and I
could feel her cumming throug her thong.

Jody got off my face and stood over me again. She told me that I had
a great tongue. She wrapped her hands around my cock and commented I was
larger than her husband. I'm about 7½" and very thick. I asked her
not to do anything else, I really didn't want to cheat on my wife, but
this woman was out of control. No actually she was in complete control
and I had no choice.

She straddled my cock and proceeded to fuck the living daylights out
of me while I was chained and bound. She kept tugging on the nipple clamps,
which had turned my nipples almost purple at this point. She reached around
and pulled at my sack, driving me wild. Between the pain in my shoulders
and the pleasure she was giving me I was moaning and sweating and shaking.
I could feel Jody starting to cum and it put me over the top. I came harder
than I can ever remember. She actually ejaculated when she came, flooding
my groin with her juices.

After what seemed like forever, she got up. I
expected her to free me, but she wasn't done yet. She straddled my face
and told me to "Lick her pussy clean". She grabbed my head and pulled it
into her crotch making me lick both of our juices out of her. She came
again after about 5 minutes of me shoving my tongue in and out of her,
sucking on her lips and clit.

When she finally got off my face I asked her to at least unclip the
nipple clips, they had been on for almost 5½ hours now. She did
and started sucking and licking my nipples, a combination of pain and pleasure
that caused my cock to start getting hard again. She saw this and smiled
at me with that look in her eye. She went into the box of leather restraints
I had near by and found a ball stretcher with a chain attached. She put
it on me and attached the clip at the end to the weight that was attached
to the nipple clips. She took the weight and dropped it so that it yanked
my sack and sent a jolt of pain thru me, which made my cock get harder
still. I asked her to please (using please for the first time) unchain
me. It was getting late and my wife would be home soon. Jodi laughed and
I heard her go up the stairs. She came back down with her cell phone and
played a voice message for me. It was my wife calling to tell Jody she
couldn't make their dinner plans tonight because she had to work late!!

"Your ass is mine boy!" was all she said. Jodi and my wife were going to
meet for dinner like they do usually once a month. But not tonight. When
Allison worked late, she never gets home before nine and I figured it was
about 4:30 or so. I was in for it, but good.

She started to go down on me. The girl had talent. I hadn't been deep
throated like this since before I got married. She brought me to the brink
of orgasm at least 3 times, stopping before I could cum, before she climbed
on my dick gain. It felt incredible with my balls being tugged on by the
weight attached. My arms had gone numb a while ago so when she ran he fingernails
from my arms down my sides I barely felt it. The motion of her rocking
on me made the weight swing tugging on my balls. It was driving me crazy
and I came hard. Jody came again and collapsed on me. After a minute she
straddled my face and made me eat her clean again. While I ate her, she
went down on me, working her fingers into my ass. I had never had that
done, but the pressure on my prostate was intense. She got me hard and
fucked me again. After the third time, I still had to eat her clean.

I had hoped that this was it and she would let me loose. I had never
been restrained and stretched this long and was starting to hurt bad. She
went to the circuit box and I heard the breaker click and the hoist started
to pull me again, pain shooting through my shoulders. Jody pressed the switch
to lower the hoist and the tension on my arms eased. She had to help me
to lift my arms because they had gone completely numb. She picked up the
keys that had dropped on the floor from my timed box and unlocked the cuffs.
It hurt like hell to try and move my arms down.

She helped to unchain me and to put all the paraphernalia away. When
we finished she helped me shower and rubbed some Tiger Balm on my shoulders
and upper back. I really was hurting. We agreed that this never happened
and it would remain our secret. I do love Allison and Jody would never
want to hurt her. Jody left not wanting to go home to her husband, and
I went into the den to watch TV. It actually hurt to lift the remote to
change channels.

Allison came home about 9:30, all tired and stressed from work. I told
her I over did it at he gym and my shoulders were killing me. She took
a shower then gave me a back rub and we went to sleep. It took about 3
days before I could move my arms normally. It's been about 3 weeks since
this happened and I'm ready for another self-bondage day. This time I'm
thinking of using the hoist to suspend me upside down. But I am going to
put a deadbolt on the front door first.
