---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesek/home_game.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Home Game
authors:
- The Bear
tags:
- n/a
---

Cheryl waited until her her husband's car was
out of sight, then went inside and began to gather her toys. Jon would
be gone all afternoon, so she had plenty of time, but she still didn't
want to waste any of it.  She took the collection of straps, the ace
bandages, the sleep mask, and the tray of ice cubes up to the bedroom,
making sure to lock the doors as she went. It really wouldn't do to have
someone wander in during her game.

Even her husband didn't know about this game,
she mused. 
"I wonder what Jon would do if he found out how
I spend my lonely afternoons?", she asked herself. 
Better not to find out, she concluded. He would
undoubtably take advantage of her, she knew. She loved him, but he had
a mean streak that came out once in a while.

Setting her parcels on the bed, she stripped off
her regular clothes, and got into the tight, french cut bikini she used
for the game. Somehow, being in a tight, revealing outfit was sexier than
being naked. It just worked that way.

Next, she got a drinking glass from the bathroom,
broke some ice- cubes from the tray, and set up her escape. There were
keys frozen into the ice cubes, and a string that ran between them. The
cube with the keys hung on the outside of the glass, along with another
cube as a weight. Three cubes hung inside the glass. The glass itself was
placed on a high shelf, within reach for a normal person, but quite inaccessable
to her once the game started. The game would continue until the ice melted,
and dropped the keys to a spot within reach.

That arranged, she knealt on the bed, and began
wrapping herself in leather. One wide strap went around each leg, pulling
her foot against the back of her thigh. Another strap wrapped around her
knees, and ran behind her back, pulling her legs tight against her body,
and forcing her into a butt-thrusting, spread legged squat. She carefully
placed the ball gag between her teeth, adjusting the strap so that it was
firm, but wouldn't leave any marks on her face. Over this, she wrapped
an ace-bandage, ensuring that the buckles were completely covered in a
stretchy, clinging layer that prevented all posibility of release.

Next, she wrapped a wide leather collar around
her throat, locking it in place with a small padlock. She arranged the
strap that hung from it so it came halfway down her back. Giving a final
look at the clock, and a glance at her ice cubes, she looped the handcuffs
through the strap suspended from her collar, and locked them around her
wrists. The sensations began at once, as they always did. The pose pulled
her bikini tightly into her crotch, giving the most delicious sensations.
The top, chosen specifically because it was too small for her generous
38D breasts, squeezed and worked her tits to tingling joy as she rolled
on the bed. And she fantasized.

She was a college girl, facing her Sorority initiation.
The other girls had tied her this way, but wouldn't tell her what was supposed
to happen. Would she be put on display for one of the Fraternities? Would
the boys touch her? What if they took pictures? 
What would she have to do to get them back? 
She struggled against her bonds in mock horror,
making herself even hotter. There was a dampness growing between her legs,
and her nipples were growing harder by the minute. 
She changed fantasies.

She was a spy, caught by enemy agents. They were
preparing to question her, to try to get her to talk. They would tease-torture
her for days, forcing her to satisfy them with her mouth and tongue, while
leaving her own need unfulfilled. They would have their hands all over
her, fingering her pussy, tweaking her tits, trying to drive her mad. She
rolled over and began to rythmically rub herself against the edge of a
pillow. She knew that she couldn't bring herself off this way, but trying
added to the heat. 
She changed fantasies.

She had gone out on a blind date. The man had
turned out to be handsome and charming, and she had dropped her guard.
He had drugged her, and when she awoke she found that he had tied her up.
He was going to use her as the guest star in an orgy. The others were gathering
in the next room. Soon, they would be in here, enjoying themselves at her
expense. They would spank her exposed bottom, shave her pussy, and take
turns licking and sucking her until she passed out from pleasure. Then
she would awaken, naked, in a strange part of town, and have to try to
get home without being seen. She pumped her hips against an imaginary lover's
lips, trying to pleasure herself against thin air.

She was steaming hot now, and looked at her ice
cubes to see how much longer she had. She could see the vibrator, lubricated
and ready, waiting where she had left it. And she remembered...

She remembered the time she had tried the game
with the vibrator pushed into her, held in place by the bikini, and turned
on. She would never forget the experience. She had come, over and over
again, for the entire time. She was still coming when the keys fell, and
she dropped them three times trying to free herself. Jon had almost caught
her that time, and commented that she seemed "distracted" at dinner that
night. Distracted? That was an understatement. She had been almost brain-numb,
suffering from an orgasmic O.D.
She fantasized again.

She was a famous model, kidnapped and sold into
slavery. An arab sheik would be examining her, to see if he wanted to add
her to his harem. He would squeeze her tits and buttocks, crotch-rub her,
and tickle her back and feet. If her nipples grew hard, or her pussy got
damp, he would take her and keep her as his sex- slave. All she had to
do was stay calm, and she would be free. But he was an expert, and she
knew that she couldn't resist his roving hands. She struggled to escape,
pulling her bikini even tighter into the tingling valley of her thighs. 
She changed fantasies.

She had come to a job interview, as secretary
to a photographer. He had mistaken her for one of his models, and before
she knew it, he had her tied up. He had fondled her, marveled at how well
she squirmed and struggled, and taken several roles of film. The courier
would be here to pick up the film any minute. She had to get loose, or
the pictures would be published. She twisted, rubbing her tits 
and body on the bedsheets, watching her ice "clock".

As she watched, the bottom ice cube slid down
the string a bit, then a bit more. Soon, she would have relief. Suddenly,
to her surprise, the bottom ice cube slid off the string, and fell to the
floor. The key was in the second cube. She watched in shock as, left without
a counterweight, it was drawn up the side of the glass by the ice-cubes
inside.

It hung, hooked over the edge for one agonizing
moment, then fell into the glass. The key was in the glass. It wasn't going
to fall. 
She couldn't reach it.
She really was trapped!

The end

Comments welcome
The Bear
thkbear@netvoyage net
