---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Question is Answered Right Away
authors:
- Roger
tags:
- F+/m
- bond
- chains
- cons
- X
date: 2006-12-22 00:00:00
---

Have you ever made a spur-of-the-moment purchase and
then wonder why you did it and what you are going to
with it?

And then had your doubts answered the next
day?

About ten years ago, I bought a full set of steel
manacles; I was at a renaissance faire and a
blacksmith was selling them, custom-made, for $100.
Definitely a bargain I couldn't pass up.  I went into
the back room where he took my measurements and then
asked what kind of locking device I wanted on them.  I
selected an allen-wrench screw, which was secure in
itself, but for even more security, my idea was to
cover the screw with a padlock.  He told me he would
fashion the manaces and I was to bring the padlocks
the next day and then he would drill the holes to fit.

I hadn't planned on staying there another day but I
was on vacaction and had was just wandering around.
That I did, and when he finished, he put the wrist and
ankle manacles on me; that was a fast piece of
craftsmanship and a good quality job.  (It may have
taken me longer to find seven padlocks with the same
key.)

The manacles themselves were two inches wide.  The
ankles were connected by an 15-inch chain and the
wrists by a 9-inch chain.  There was a center ring in
the wrist chain, and an unattached piece of chain
locked to the front of the collar, droped down through
that ring, and then locked to the middle of the chain
connecting the ankles.  This chain was optional but
sure did add something to the whole effect!  The ring
was just slightly larger than the chain so the
connecting chain could be locked into place at the
wrists; this made it possible to position the wrists
in many positions, including with hands behind the
back.

As I stood there manacled, I immediately got hard.
And this was obvious to him because I had worn my
favorite outfit for casual wear (and bondage), a pair
of black tights and a black turrtleneck leotard.
Seeing my reaction, he asked if I wanted the padlocks
added.  Of course I did!  I felt a little shivver with
each lock being snapped into position; when he
finished the four on my wrists and ankles, he added
the vertical chain, locking it onto the collar with
padlock # 5 and then used the sixth to lock the bottom
of the chain to my ankle chain.  And the final padlock
link my wrist chain with the vertical chain.  As I
moved around and realized I was totally secured, I got
hard again and added a second messy spot to the front
of the leotard.

Now how to make the best use of this situation?

"How about I find someone to lead you around the fair
grounds like this?"

How could he tell this would be my fondest fantasy?
(Well, by the two erections aand messes!)  It happened
to be Pirate Weekend so this would be so natural.  He
called to a female buccaneer friend who was passing by
and explained the situation to her.  How eager she was
to oblige!  She took hold of the vertical chain
between my collar and wrists and we started off.  I
tried as much as possible to cover my crotch with my
hands, but as she led me, that was not always
possible.  But why should I care what people thought?
I was a prisoner, not in control of myself, and I was
also hundreds of miles from home, so I wouldn't be
seen by anybody I knew.

The chains rattled as I walked, a wonderful sound to
my ears.  And my double-security idea worked well in
that the padlocks didn't flop at all but held in their
position.  After parading me around, we ended up at a
stage where there was a pirate show going on.  She
took me up onto the stage where I was greeted by the
pirate band as her "captured booty."  They took me
over to the side where there were some "slave girls"
standing, also in chains; they took a chain which was
attached to a post and clipped it onto a ring in the
back of my collar.  (I had specified rings in front,
in back, and on each side of the collar.)

Now I was the center of attraction to the entire
audience.  I decided to play along by writhing in my
chains as if I was trying to get loose.  At least now
I was able to cover my crotch with my hands, and since
I was standing in the siun, I hoped it would soon dry
my wet spot.  I then regretted not wearing a
jockstrap rather than a pair of nice spandex panties,
but this would have been a trade-off because the
jockstrap might have hindered an erection but it would
have made my flaccid crotch much more obvious.

Now the attention shifted to the "slave girl" auction.
 An announcement was made that the proceeds went to
charity; one by one the girls were brought to the
center stage, led by a leash linked to the front of
their collars.  They were leather dog collars, not
locked, and each girl wore leather wrist manacles,
locked together without a chain.  The bidding on each
was quick, and it appeared that each was purchased by
a spouse or close friend.  (One girl was bought by
another girl.  Maybe a sister?  Maybe something else?)

Now it was my turn.  As my chain was unhooked and I
was led to center stage, I had erection # 3, but
little fluid came out this time.  The gods were with
me, and I hoped this would continue with the bidding.
A group of 20-ish women standing together huddled and
then came up with a bid.  Nobody bid higher.  I was
theirs!  I rattled my way off the stage towards the
group.

"You seem to like how you are secured," said one,
pointing to my crotch.

Another did a quick inspection
job to make sure I was really secured, and reported
such to the others.

"Where are the keys?"

(I had left one set in the car;
I had the car key on a string around my neck, under
the leotard.)
When I didn't answer right away, the female buccaneer
said, "The blacksmith has them."

I told them that first I had to go to the men's room.
They surveyed my manacles and decided that none had to
be removed, and that all I needed was an unzipping.
That they did and I waddled over to a stall in the
men's room and managed to pull the leotard and tights
down far enough to pee.  Then I came back and they
zipped me up, showed me the keys, and led me out to
the parking lot by the top half of the vertical chain.

"This is the final night of Pirate Night and we are
having a party, and we need someone to serve drinks
and food.  And since we do own you until midnight, it
looks like you are the one."

So as not to leave my car in the parking lot, one of
them asked me for the keys and opened the door.  She
also saw the set of keys on the seat and got them
before I could.  Before they put me in the passenger
seat, one of them unlocked the padlock at the wrist
ring and locked my wrists together to the ring.  Now
my hands were right in front of me; I soon found out
when when a pillowcase was put over my head to keep me
from seeing where we were going.  Then I was pushed
into the passenger seat.

When we arrived, I was led along to the back yard and
the pillowcase was removed.  The party was all female,
about three dozen of them!  My wrist-ring lock was
opened and then closed in the original position.  I
walked around serving drinks and food, sometimes
nearly falling as I tried to manuever around in
legirons.  It didn't help that the guests teased me
and even grabbed at me.

Finally the party was coming
to an end!  But not for me.
The vertical chain was removed and I was taken over to
a tree in the yard.  One wrist chain was unlocked and
then, after my arms put behind the tree, relocked.
Then the same with my ankles.  And the vertical chain
was put around the tree and locked at two short ends
to my collar.  I was now helplessly standing in front
of this tree facing my owners.
It was now Tease the Slave time as they took turns
showing me their bare chests, fondling my crotch, and
otherwise driving me into another orgasm - - at which
time they all laughed at my new explosion.

"Now it is time to really thank him."
They undid my wrist manacles and unzipped the leotard,
and then pulled it down to my knees.  The tights also
went down there, leaving me totally naked to them.  The
wrists were re-locked behind the tree, and I waited
for what was next.  They drew lots for something, and
the winner came up to me with a washcloth and soap and
water. She cleaned off my crotch and then motioned to
three teenaged girls to come over to watch.  She was
going to show them how to do a blowjob, and I was the
model!

I didn't know if I could rise to the occassion
again, but when I got halfway hard, she stopped.  I
pleaded with her not to leave me like that, but she
took the wet cold cloth and put it on my penis, and down
it went.
She motioned to one of the teen girls who tried her
technique on me, and when she got me to the same
level, she was stopped.  The cold cloth again, and
then the next teen.  And partictial erection, then the
cold cloth, and the final teen.  Again, I was not
taken to the final level but left hanging.  I begged
for release, and the teacher told the teen girls that
this was a wonderful way to control a man!

Then they all gathered in a semi-circle around the
front of the tree.  The teacher knelt down to my side
and started to stroke the bottom of my balls.  I shot
up quicker than she could stop and shot the load
towards the group.  They cheered!  And when I went
down, I also urinated.
The party was over.  My leotard and tights were put
back into position, my manacles locked as they had
been when I was on the stage being sold, and the
pillowcase was put back on my head.  I was driven to
somewhere, then allowed to get out of the passenger
side and the pillowcase was removed.  The driver
handed me the keys and asked me if I had a good time
that night.  What a silly question.

I decided to drive back to the motel in all my chained
glory, thinking of that day's events.  When I got
there, I could get from the car to my room without
being seen, so I just left them on.  And I was tired,
so why not sleep in chains?

In the morning, I slept
much later than I had planned, and was awakened by a
knock on the door and the maid entering.  That must
have been a sight for her to see?  (Not that she
probably hadn't seen everything else.)  But rather
than take advantage of me, she just apologized and
left.
I put the manacles in a box when I got home, and
lacking any time to use them that would approach the
first time, they have stayed there.  Sure, I could put
them on while watching TV, but that would require more
fantasy and less reality.  So I plan on when next I
can use them as they were intended to be used.

Roger [rog\_wms@yahoo.com](mailto:rog_wms@yahoo.com)
