---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: In the Vice 5
authors:
- Rbbral
tags:
- M-f
- plastercast
- enclosed
- latex
- cons
- X
date: 2005-08-07 00:00:00
---

In the Vice by Rbbral

**Chapter Five**

Kathy called in a day later at Dee’s apartment, she said it was on for
that afternoon, but did she want to go shopping? Fine, Dee thought, and
Kathy smiled as Dee, in a t-shirt and jeans left with her. As they drove
away, Kathy’s cell phone rang and, smiling at Dee, she answered it. Yes,
yes, fine, no problem, Dee tried to make the conversation out. Then Kathy
hung up and looked at Dee.

“That was Tom, number five, he wants to bring your……meeting forward,
is that okay?”

“I suppose so, yes, to when?”

“Now, my dear, now.” Dee looked a little alarmed, she couldn’t contact
King now; she was on her own. Was this done, very cleverly, on purpose
or…just by chance? It all seemed very slick, if she said no, Kathy might
suspect something. And if she said yes, and she was without cover….she
could just disappear, just like the others. Suddenly she didn’t have such
a good feeling about this. But she did feel she was getting closer and
her professional integrity was on the line, maybe even promotion if she
was successful.

It was a risk, a hell of a risk, although she did feel she could handle
herself. But if she was all mummified in rubber - although she was getting
to like being tied up in rubber - it may be impossible to get out, if your
client doesn’t want you out of it! It was a calculated risk, and she had
to calculate that risk, and the reward. What was the worst thing that could
happen? Well that wasn’t one option she wanted to think of, so she moved
on. The bottom line was she knew she was going to do it, because more than
anything else she wanted to meet this new man……and see what kind of pervery
he was into! Was her lust for rubber and all things perverted overcoming
her good judgment? Perhaps it was, she thought, but she was now prepared
to take the risk.

“Okay okay, I guess so. Though it seems a little rushed, what about
my clothes? I don’t have any rubber. Should we go back to your place first?”
She ventured, but Kathy, with a smile quashed that.

“Oh no dear, he’s got plenty and he’s even a little more private than
the others. So would you…mind the sunglasses?” Now Dee felt really uneasy,
but she could do nothing. She put them on, blacking out her vision, and
they drove in silence, Dee starting to second guess herself. And they drove
a long time, maybe an hour, and well into the country. Finally the car
entered a gravel driveway, a long one as she heard the gravel under the
tires. Kathy stopped.

“Here we are, out you get Dee; I have to leave now. Good luck, bye.”
And off she went. Dee stood at the door, her glasses still on; she could
have removed them, but in all the rush didn’t think of it. She was getting
quite nervous but she was managing to keep it under control. The door opened
and a deep upper class voice said.

“Ah, there you are Dee, welcome to the pile here, my abode, come in
now.” An arm took hers and she was led in, the large door slamming behind
her.

“Do take the glasses off Dee.” She did so and found herself in a baronial
hall! Talk about money, she thought; there were suits of armour along each
side and guns and swords along the walls.

“It’s beastly to heat in the winter of course, but fine in the other
seasons. I have other places in warmer climes during the cold here.” He
had a friendly smile; he didn’t look like a white slave trader, but then
Dee thought, who did? She noted he was about 45, greying but quite good
looking, slim and tall.

“Kathy did not embellish, you are indeed stunning Dee, and I understand
you are getting to like a bit of….rubber pervery too?” He raised his eyebrows
and smiled.

“Yes, I do, is that what you have in store for me?”

“Oh yes Dee, and lots more too, you’ll see. I don’t suppose Kathy told
you about my particular….kinks? No she didn’t really have time did she?
We decided to push the meeting forward. I hope it didn’t spoil any plans
you had.” So Kathy didn’t have time, and yet “we” decided to move the time
forward, now she really thought she was being played along, and she had
to be careful.

“No, and I wanted to meet you anyway.”

“You did? Super, well I think you will have a very interesting time
with us (us?). We should get started, I think. Come down into the cellars,
Dee, don’t look so worried, all these houses have big cellars; you can
hide an army down there!” Or maybe four girls, thought Dee. There was a
long corridor and doors off to the sides; Dee thought dungeon would be
more appropriate. They entered a room, which was all white with a big bench
in the middle and sinks to the side, there was also a motor with a hose
attached close by.

“You do look worried Dee, don’t be; now I am going to change, and if
you could take your clothes off too, that would be great. You’re not shy,
are you?” Even Dee had to chuckle at that and began to take off her clothes.
She stripped and then sat and waited. Ten minutes later Tom returned –
in full black catsuit with gloves, and mask, with eye, nostril and mouth
holes. He looked a bit sheepish.

“I expect you have seen a latex suit before.”

“Oh yes.” She smiled.

“Excellent, well Dee, one of my…kinks is I like making full casts of….women.
I have other interests as well which you will find out…if you wish, but
what I want to do today is to make a full body cast of you. Okay?”

“Well I guess so, is that it?”

“No, not exactly Dee, when it hardens a plaster saw will cut it off
you, and then I can make moulds of you. You will make a wonderful model,
ready?” Things were going very fast, but Dee nodded, so far it didn’t seem
too frightening.

“Great, now first I will put on this apron and gloves s the plaster
tends to slosh around a bit.” He did so and now looked a bit foreboding.

“First here, I will paint you with this liquid so the plaster won’t
stick to you. I’m glad to see you are shaved, a good idea.” Slowly and
very erotically he began to paint her body with the glossy paint until
she was covered from under her chin to her toes with a glossy black sheen.
Dee shivered as the cool paint warmed and hardened to her body. Although
she was still nervous she had to admit it felt wonderful and when she looked
in the mirror to the side, she did look pretty good too! He had left small
cut-outs at her vagina and arse. She had noticed the two large paper sacks
on the floor by the bench and Tom opened them, poured the plaster into
the sink and after adding water used a large mechanical mixer to stir it
into an even consistency.

“We have to do this quite quickly, Dee, it sets in no time, so stand
erect , arms a little out at your sides and feet a foot apart. I’ll hose
it onto you and you can help me smooth it out.” Too late now, thought Dee,
if you disappear now, you’re gone for good! She nodded and he started to
spray the heavy syrupy consistency onto her. She shivered as she smoothed
it over her body to a thickness of about a quarter inch.

Soon she felt it beginning to harden about her torso, and become more
restricting, her breathing becoming a bit strained.

“Legs wider Dee, about two feet, and arms out about six inches from
your waist, now hold that position, good. You are hardening nicely. My,
you look super.” She was now quite stiff but could breathe all right. She
could look down and she did notice that her nipples were also uncovered.
He smoothed out the hard white covering, but now she felt nothing, just
cool air at her labia, arse and nipples. Now she felt very vulnerable,
and two minutes later he tapped her shell and it was rock hard. He looked
very pleased.

“Excellent Dee, step one over (step one?). Now I suppose I should have
mentioned earlier, that I like to make casts of the whole woman……inside
and out. That was naughty of me!”

“What do you mean….inside?”

“Well, what I need to do is make a cast of your pussy…mmm? And one of
your bottom, and also your mouth, so I have a perfect replica. By creating
a mould a perfect mannequin of you exists, either solid or hollow inside
for….well never mind about that. So Dee, the next few steps won’t be very
comfortable for you, but I’m told you are a very brave and resourceful
woman. So first things first, we must have you breathing easily, so these
narrow tubes go up your nostrils and down into your lungs and end up sticking
out half an inch from your nostrils. Easy now Dee, easy.” She rocked her
head from side to side but it was futile, as he expertly slid each tube
up her nostril and down her throat. She nearly gagged but remained silent,
glaring at him. He took no notice as he produced a round rubber pad and
held it up.

“This pad here I will place at the back of your throat. I’m going to
fill your mouth Dee so I don’t want any goop going down your throat. You
will be able to breathe through your nose. Open wide.”

“Look Tom, please, I think tha…..arrghh…nnnkkk” Her pleas went unnoticed
as he held her jaw down and pushed the thick pad to the back of her throat.
She nearly retched but breathed through her nose slowly. In the centre
of the pad was a small hole and through this small hole he eased another
narrow tube, this one down her gullet. It ended between her teeth and behind
her lips and he told her to bite on it gently. She saw him ease her lips
apart and push another tube in and squeeze the pump. A quick setting gel
was injected and started to fill her mouth and cheeks.

Keep biting on the tube Dee, good.” He kept squeezing on the inflator
until her mouth was full and gel started to seep between her lips, he wiped
this off, pursing her lips.

“Excellent, this will take a minute or so to harden, you look perfectly
normal, mouth a little open, but close your lips and no one would know
that you are thoroughly gagged.” She stared in open-eyed alarm at him,
breathing through her nose tubes, her mouth crammed full, but outwardly
normal. Tom was now concentrating on the next step. He was easing a dildo
onto a thick latex condom. He approached her.

“As I said; a cast of inside and out. Now I will just slide this up
your front here, shouldn’t be too uncomfortable.” Not for you, maybe, thought
Dee, as she felt him slide the dildo inside her. She mmmmed into the gag,
and then he slid it out, leaving the end of the condom drooping down between
her legs. He now went behind her and she knew what was next. She was beginning
to appreciate the buggering that she had asked Anna to give her, as the
dildo slid past her loosened sphincter without much difficulty and then
he withdrew it, again leaving the condom inside her.

“Now all I do is fill the condoms to a reasonable pressure. I don’t
propos to split you apart Dee, just fill you up nicely.” He pushed in the
tube and slowly began to inflate her! She wailed into her perfectly fitting
gag but he continued to pump, until she was nicely plugged…a perfect fit
to her insides. It was fast setting and she felt it harden quickly. At
her rear he repeated the exercise, she shook her head slowly, it was all
the movement she could manage; but the plug in her arse expanded, filling
her to perfection. He withdrew the inflator tube to the end and allowed
the sphincter to grip it until it hardened so that the end of the arse
plug was narrower, but hard. He placed a hand on her cheek.

“You’re doing very well, Dee, I know it is hard for you but it will
be only a couple more minutes.” But he hadn’t finished yet, and he saw
Dee reading his thoughts.

“I know what you are thinking Dee, and you are right. I, of course must
have a cast of your face, your beautiful face, and your head. You’re not
claustrophobic are you?” She shook her head.

“Good, good, now here is the crunch Dee…your hair. It is beautiful hair,
but you see in order to get a perfect replica, well…” She screamed into
her gag, not my hair, my beautiful red hair!

“In the past I have used a skin-tight bathing cap, but it never leaves
a perfect fit, it covers the ears. So I have thought up a refinement.”
Again she wailed and tears began to roll down her cheeks.

“Now Dee, calm down, I had thought of shaving you bald, I know you would
not like that, not right now anyway, so Dee, I have decided to make a compromise.
I am going to cut your hair down to half an inch so you will have some
left. I don’t want any more argument Dee; I feel I have made a reasonable
compromise. You are getting paid extremely well for this.” Dee, strangely,
almost felt relieved, a crew cut she could handle, for now, so she nodded.

“Good girl, don’t fear Dee, it will always grow back, and if you need
hair for public appearances then you can always use a wig.” What did he
mean by public appearances, thought Dee?  She stood unmoving as Tom,
with sharp scissors cut off her fine red locks. He was actually quite good
at it, she thought, but when he had finished she couldn’t help but be a
bit shocked at her appearance in the mirror.

“Now I am going to rub this gel on your dome so the plaster won’t stick
to you, and then apply the cast. But first I will put these plugs in your
ears, like so and these two small pads onto you eyelids, like so. You are
doing very well Dee, not long now.” She felt him spread the gel on her
head and smooth it down her shorn locks, and then came the plaster. Poor
Dee could do nothing as the heavy mixture encased her head; she tried to
overcome the panic rising within her. She told herself that if he wanted
to kill her then he would have done it a long time ago.

Quickly it hardened, and Dee stood there, a snow woman, but with brown
nipples exposed – a featureless white statue, her only contact with the
outside world her nostril tubes. He left her for a few minutes to harden.
Then she started to fantasise her vulnerable position and slowly appreciate
the sexual parallel. And it got stronger; anyone could take advantage of
her now, just pull out the plugs and plunder her! She couldn’t understand
her own feelings, but now she was not fearful, but enjoying her complete
and utter vulnerability, completely in the hands of another, to do as he
wished.

She had come to a point in her existence when although she didn’t understand
this inner hunger that was driving her, she felt she somehow had to satisfy
it. In her complete and utter darkness, immobile and plugged and listening
to her now calm heartbeat, she had time to reflect on her past week. Before,
she would have been shocked at her reactions but now, as Anna had said,
you only come around once, and she had experienced more in the last week
than in her previous life, which hadn’t been dull. It was as if she was
made for it, the others had said that, and while she was always a little
nervous before meeting her next client, she soon embraced all their rubber
pervery!

All the pain (temporary), pleasure, humiliation, and subjugation did
not frighten her anymore; in fact she now seemed to seek it, to even crave
it! Her shorn head did not concern her even; trapped in the plaster cast,
and plugged, she should have been terrified, but she realised she wasn’t.
Would she ever be let out? She didn’t know, but that didn’t even seem to
worry her now, for she seemed to unconsciously have put her trust in her
captor.

She was brought out of her introspection by the feeling she was being
lifted up off the ground. Then she felt the dildos being removed. This
was a quite painful as the portions inside her were larger than the entrances
they had to exit! But he did this very slowly, almost tenderly and she
felt him wipe her lips and sphincter. Then to her complete surprise she
felt something hard at her pussy lips, hard, warm and familiar!

Now this was more like it, she thought, as he slid right up inside her
wet channel. She felt him roll her nipples and then fingers rub and massage
her sphincter and she mmmed with pleasure into her perfect gag. She came
in a crescendo, something he could not tell as she swung slowly, a stiff
statue impaled on his cock, and then he came too and shortly withdrew.

She heard, as if in the distance, the sound of a saw. She was going
to be released after all! Up the arm, over the shoulder, across her head
and down the other side it went. Soon she felt a slight release as Tom
eased the rear portion of the cast off her. It came off quite easily; the
liquid had done its job as had the gel on her scalp. Then the front came
off, the nose tubes coming out slowly with the cast and she stood once
again just covered in the liquid latex and with only the plugs in her ears
and the gag. He laid down the two halves of the cast as she pulled the
plugs out of her ears.

Then he helped her wipe off the second skin, which she quite enjoyed,
emerging as a butterfly out of the chrysalis. She tenderly felt her head
and the matted, gelled half inch long hair, but in truth she really, on
reflection, had no huge regrets. It was gone and that was it.

“Thank you for the sex Dee, I know you think it all so weird but I thought
it was amazing. Let me get your gag Dee, we’ll make a cast of that too
later.” We, she thought, who is this we? She opened her mouth wide as he
eased it out.

“Arrggh…aaahhh.” And out it came, together with the tube. She licked
and swallowed and then coughed, he handed her a glass of water, which she
gulped down. She looked at him ruefully.

“Well, that was an experience, although I don’t suppose that’s it for
tonight, is it? What else have you planned for me? More pain?”

“And pleasure, Dee dear. We…..I want to give you pleasure, and of course
take pleasure. Dee, are you up for more experiences? I and my friends want
to cross new boundaries…..extreme sports we’ve heard of; well this is extreme
sex, Dee. No half measures, it will be the Everest of pleasure. I have
money and resources…as do Kathy’s other clients, and as you have found
out, endless imagination. And what role do you want to play in all this?”
She sat on the bench behind her, naked and shorn, but without shame.

“I…I don’t know, I can’t deny I don’t enjoy all…well, most of this.
I do get turned on by it all. I don’t know what you want, you sound like
you want some kind of commitment, but Kathy has four other clients who
want the same thing. So what am I to do? I can’t please everyone all the
time can I?”

“Well, maybe you can Dee. But let’s not get ahead of ourselves here.
We have tonight and I will share some of my other…kinks with you…if you
wish, that is?”

“Well, yes, I think so. Depends on what you have in mind.” He chuckled
at her reticence.

“Dee I like inflation, I like a woman in a cocoon, a chrysalis, I like
a woman to be encased, mummified….alive. Is that too weird for you?”

“It might have been ten days ago, but not now, no. Just as long as we
concentrate on the “alive” bit. I’m getting to the point where I can handle
most things, I think, but I would like to come out of this alive, if that’s
all right with you!” He laughed at her dry comment.

“We’re here to have fun, Dee, you’re not going to be any fun dead, and
I am not into necrophilia.”

“Well, that’s a relief.” She laughed again and was feeling more relaxed
now.

“How would you like to be a living statue for a while? Similar to before,
but let’s say a silent onlooker on the world. I have to confess I have
some friends coming over later and I would love to display you, and yet
hide you, if you see what I mean. I have a special suit of armour in the
main hall that I’ve adapted. You said you like rubber now,” she nodded,
“well this is a steel suit, just like all the others, but with a skin of
rubber inside. So the wearer is cocooned inside, yet all those outside
do not know. I find that very exciting, I don’t know why.” Dee was still
naked, sitting on the bench, this sounded all right, she thought. He’s
no kinkier than the rest, and well, she rather liked the idea of spying
on the party!

“Sure, seems kind of interesting actually, pity you didn’t mention this
before cutting all my hair off.” She passed a hand over her skull, feeling
the short crew cut. He helped her off the bench and up the stairs.

“Yes, well Dee, but if I had told you what I wanted to do to you would
you have let me?” Dee thought on this for a minute as she examined the
suit of armour.

“Actually you know I probably would. I’m surprised I say this myself
but well, I have changed a lot over the last while…believe me.”

“I do, Dee, so here it is, pretty straightforward really, arms, hands,
legs, torso and helmet of steel. The face piece lifts outwards like the
real ones, and the crotch piece comes out, back and front, exposing or…enclosing
your…nether regions. You have to wriggle into it, the head, arms and legs
are in one piece but the rear of the torso is in two and locks here at
the side. The interesting thing of course is the inside, see…lined with
rubber; the whole body area, except the crotch, arse and this little triangular
area around the face. It allows eyes, nose and mouth to peek out, but then
the facemask can be dropped down and all the wearer sees is the tight mesh
here, and life on the other side; actually vision looking out is very good.
So do you want to have a go?”

He held open the rear of the torso and Dee leaned over into it; she
could smell the shiny black rubber, that now familiar and slightly intoxicating
aroma. Once in, Dee knew, and he knew she knew, she could be kept there
for as long as he wished. She was not as fearful as she thought she would
be, or should be, the idea sort of excited her. To be powerless, completely
in the hands and under the control of another, her body his to play with,
why was she not frightened at the thought of this? They stood next to each
other, she looking in, it was a moment of no return, yet she knew that
in her heart what her answer would be. She thought maybe twenty seconds,
twenty long seconds, and then with a nervous smile, said.

“Yes, I want to try it, now.” And Tom put his hand on her shoulder.

“Great Dee, okay now step into the torso here, feet first.” She shivered
at the now familiar cool tingle of the rubber, then dipping her head and
bending, she slipped her hands down the sleeves and her head through the
narrower neck and into the helmet. She peered through the small triangular
face piece, just her nose, eyes and mouth exposed.

“Well, I guess I am the fly in the trap now. I feel quite vulnerable,
but then….that’s what makes it exciting isn’t it?”

“Indeed it is.” Tom closed the rear of the suit and Dee was now trapped
in solid steel. Images passed through her mind as she tried to calm a slight
feeling of concern. There was some play in the suit and she wriggled inside
it as it slowly was warmed by her body heat. Only her small area around
her face, her shaved crotch and arse now was exposed. Tom looked very pleased
and tweaked her labia; Dee gasped and bit her lip in pleasure.

“I have to leave for an hour or so Dee, things to do with the casts
we made…enjoy!”
 

[story continues
in Chapter 6](in_the_vice6.html)
