---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Shocking Bondage
authors:
- Otto Dix
tags:
- n-a
---

**\_**
**Shocking Bondage_*
**by Otto Dix**
**otto\_dix@hotmail.com**_

_Opportunities for self-bondage are few and far between for me. 
That means, that when I do get opportunity, I usually ensure that the experience
is intense and memorable.  I plan most of my self-bondage sessions
months in advance.  This self-bondage experience was one of my best._

_In my younger days, I experimented with applying low-voltage DC currents
to my penis while masturbating.  I would hold a button switch in one
hand and masturbate with the other.  Every time I pressed the button
down, a six-volt shock would go through my penis.  I found that short
six-volt shocks were bearable.  When I went as high as 9 volts, I
found it quite painful.
Recently, I decided to engineer a bondage scene where I would experience
9-volt shocks to my penis.  The thought of being helpless to stop
the electrical torture was very arousing.  But how was I going to
manage such a scene, without spending tons of money on high tech devices?_

_I once used a computer program to keep me in long-term bondage. 
I figured I could use my programming skills for this form of self-torture
as well.  I decided to use my printer as a device to turn the shocks
on and off.  I rigged the printer knob to complete a circuit by taping
a wire across the knob.  Every time the wire was horizontal (twice
with every full revolution), the circuit would be complete.  I adjusted
the printer settings to ignore "end of page" advancing.  Otherwise,
every time the printer "thinks" it has advanced about 6 inches, it would
advance to the next page automatically.  For this scheme, I wanted
the computer to be in control of where the knob is at all times. 
Next, I disabled the "out of paper" sensor by taping a small piece a paper
in the placed where the printer uses to check for paper._

_I then turned to the programming of the computer.  I could make
the printer knob advance by giving a "print" command.   Sixteen
print commands caused one full rotation of the printer knob.  Giving
many print commands in one line of code caused the printer knob to rotate
in a continuous motion.  Since I wanted to use 9-volt shocks, I knew
that I could not use shocks that were a second or more in duration. 
At 9 volts, I would probably experience some electrical burning (ouch!!). 
Whenever it was time to torture me, the computer would cause the printer
knob to make several full rotations.  Each rotation sent two quick,
but intense, shocks to my penis.   The computer would randomly
choose the number of rotations I would experience.  It would choose
between a merciful 2 rotations, or an agonizing 12 rotations._

_I also programmed the computer to randomly vary the amount of time in
between giving me shocks.  The space between shocks ranged from 2
minutes to 7 minutes.  Hence, I never knew how long before the next
set of shocks, or how many shocks I would get the next time._

_To make things just a little more exciting, I programmed the computer
to randomly choose a number between one and twenty.  If the number
was twenty, the next set of shocks would be much more painful then the
regular set of shocks.  If the computer randomly drew a twenty, the
printer knob would start advancing slowly.  Every two seconds, the
knob would advance one notch, like a slow clock.  Every time the wire
would reach the horizontal position, the circuit would be complete, and
9 volts would surge through my penis.  The number of rotations would
still be picked randomly, but the duration of each shock would last 2 whole
seconds (trust me, at 9-volts, that really hurts)._

_I tested the computer program many times and programmed it to wait one
hour before starting the shocks.  Then, the program would run for
one hour before stopping.  Then I staged my self-torture scene._

_I set up an emergency escape plan.  I attached a release key to
a rope that was tied to a bucket.  The bucket was filled with water
and some food coloring.  If I absolutely had to, I could pull the
key, spill the colored water all over the carpet, and get out. I set up
a timed release method using the ice cube in a stocking method.  The
cube usually releases the key in about two hours.  The key would swing
down to where my hand could reach it.  I only put the ice cube in
the stocking once everything was ready to go._

_I unfolded the futon to use as a bondage bed.  I tied a very tight
rope bondage harness around my waist and around my thighs and crotch. 
At the back of the harness I attached a cord that would latter be put through
a set of double rings.  The double rings were positioned on the bed
at about the middle of my back, and tied to a rope that went toward the
head of the bed and wrapped under the bed and tied to the underside of
the bed.  This way, I wouldn't be able to untie the rope while my
hands were chained to the head of the bed.   I then prepared
rope at the foot of the bed to tie my ankles far apart.  I also prepared
a chain at the head of the bed to chain my wrists._

_I popped a sixty- minute pornography video in the VCR, and turned off
the time on the VCR.  This way, I wouldn't have any clocks to look
at to know exactly how much time had gone by.  I then set the T.V.
on a timer to turn on in one hour, and then went and started my computer
program.  Both the T.V. and the shocks would start in one hour from
now.  I then placed an ice cube in my escape key release mechanism. 
I now had to bind myself quickly to take full advantage of the time I had
before the release key would drop.  I kept the room very warm for
this session, so it would probably be a little less than two hours._

_I laid down on the bed and tied my ankles spreadeagled to the foot of
the bed.  I then threaded the cord of my waist harness through the
double rings so that I could pulled the harness towards the head of the
bed until my legs were pulled very tight.  I lay down flat and pulled
on the cord as hard as I could and I felt the tension of the waist harness
and the ankle binds dig into my flesh._

_Before locking my wrists, I applied a generous coating of K-Y Jelly
to the base of my penis, and then slipped on two metal cock rings. 
The cock rings had wires attached (covered with electrical tape). 
These wires were part of the circuit and attached to a fresh 9-volt battery. 
The circuit was broken at the printer knob.  The computer was set
to start giving me shocks in about 50 minutes (it took about 10 to do the
ankle tying and tightening up the waist harness).  The T.V. was also
going to turn on in about 50 minutes, and the VCR control to start the
video was at the top of the bed.  The emergency release key was in
place, and the ice cube release timer was going to let the key go in about
2 hours, give or take 10 minutes.  I was ready to chain my hands and
commit myself to my self-torture._

_I placed a pillow under my head so that I could comfortable see the
T.V. and then lifted my hands over my head and quickly chained both wrists
to the head of the bed.  I looked down and examined my predicament. 
I pulled at my ankle bindings and as I tensed my legs, the waist harness
bit into my crotch and thighs.  I laid back and tried to relax as
best I could. The metal cock rings maintained my erection for about 15
minutes and then my cock went to a half erect state.  The cock rings
maintained that half erect state by constricting the blood flow._

_I tried moving around, but with my legs tried spread apart, I couldn't
tilt in either direction any more than about 10 or 15 degrees.  I
lay back and waited.  I couldn't predict with certainty when the shocks
would start.  The T.V. should turn on shortly before the first set
of shocks.  I gently tugged at my leg bondage while I fantasized about
waiting for my capture to arrive and start torturing me.   I
closed my eyes and drifted off._

_I was awakened from my near-sleep state by the T.V. turning on. 
My heart accelerated slightly by the thought that the torture would begin
soon.  I reached for the VCR control at the top of the bed and pressed
the play button.  I then let the VCR control drop to the floor over
the side of the bed.  I wanted to be out of control of every aspect
of my bondage-torture session.  I watched the video as it began with
tame erotic scenes at the very beginning.  Just then, I heard the
printer knob begin rotating freely.  As the circuit closed, I felt
a mild tingle go through my half erect penis.  With each brief shock,
my cock instantly stood straighter.  Each time, the shock felt more
intense.  As my cock became more erect, the shaft pressed harder against
the cock rings, making better electrical contact.  By the fourth shock,
my cock was fully erect and the rings were making it become engorged with
blood, and my penis head swelled.  The fifth shock made me flinch
my legs.  The sixth shock made me pull hard with my legs and the waist
harness bit tightly into me.  The knob continued to rotate to the
seventh shock.  This meant that there would be an eighth, since the
knob would only make full rotations, giving two shocks per rotation. 
The eighth shock made me grunt loudly through my teeth, and I was pulling
hard against my bonds.  Then the knob stopped, and so did the shocks._

_Eight shocks from four rotations.  The computer was programmed
to go as high as 12 rotations, or 24 shocks.  My cock was at full
attention, and the combination of the cock rings and the video ensured
that it would not be going flaccid again.  I knew that I had at least
two minutes of rest.  I had no way of accurately estimating how much
time went by.  As a figured about two minutes went by, my heart began
to race again.  With each minute that went by, the chances increased
that the second set of shocks would begin.  I found it hard to concentrate
on the video as I waited for my torture to resume.  Just as the first
hard core scene was wrapping up on the video, the printer knob started
rotating again.  I counted as the shocks came.  I would get at
least four (1,.. 2,.. 3,.. 4,..).  The knob continued to rotate (5,..
6,.. 7,.. 8,..).  I was pulling hard on my bonds and each shock made
my body jerk and flinch (9,.. 10,.. 11,.. 12,...).  By know I was
screaming out loud with each shock, and tilting my body from side to side
(13,.. 14,..).  Oh G\_d, please stop!!!! (15,.. 16,..).  It hurts
so much!!! (17,.. 18,..).  Finally, the knob came to a rest.

Tears streamed from my eyes.  I looked at my emergency release
key and wondered if I should pull it.  How was I going to explain
that food coloring stain on the carpet?  I quickly started doing some
math in my head.  With shocks coming between 2 and 7 minutes apart,
the shocks would happen on average every 4.5 minutes.  During the
one hour torture session, that meant around 12 or 13 shock sessions on
average.  With a one in twenty chance of getting the EXTREMELY PAINFULLY
LONG shocks, that meant a roughly 50 percent of getting it at least once
during this session.

As I watched the video, the sexual tension in my cock grew.  I
could see precum oozing from the tip and I disparately wanted to relieve
myself.   After the ninth set of shocks, I felt good that the
bondage session was nearly over.  The base of my penis was in a great
deal of pain, and the ankle and waist bonds were being tugged at and pulled
very tightly. As the tenth set of shocks started, I was horrified by the
single sudden movement of the printer knob, followed 2 seconds later by
another single movement.  My luck didn't hold out, and I was about
to get 2 second long shocks.  At low voltage, that was a walk in the
park.  At 9 volts, it was going to be unbearable.  How many was
I going to get?  It could range anywhere between 4 and 24!  The
knob ticked away like an evil clock.  As the knob turned to the horizontal
position and completed the circuit, I heard myself scream and I tense my
body to brace against the pain.  The knob continued to tick away and
I braced for each shock.  Mercifully, they stopped after 6 shocks.

By this point, my body was drenched in sweat, and I was struggling against
my bonds.  Just then, my escape keys swung down.  I undid my
wrists and reached over the side of the bed to get the VCR control. 
Next, I reached for the KY jelly.  I smeared a generous supply all
over my penis.  The coolness of the jelly felt so good on my over
heated penis.  I advanced the video to the next explicit sex scene,
and started massaging my penis.  I decided to wait for the next set
of shocks before having an explosive orgasm.  I stroked myself and
kept myself at the edge of cumming as I watched the video.  I heard
the printer knob start to turn again, and I started stroking hard and fast. 
The shocks intensified my orgasm as it built up to its climax.  I
came and shot cum everywhere as my body shook violently.  As soon
as I started to recover from the orgasm, I quickly slipped one of the rings
off my penis to stop the shocks.  I fell back panting on the bed. 
I was exhausted and in much pain.

I reached behind me with much effort and lossened the rope in the double
rings.   I laid back and slowly undid my waist bondage. 
I unwrapped the coils of ropes and pain set in as the blood began to flow
back.  I couldn't bring myself to undo the leg bondage until I rested
for about half an hour.   It was my best bondage session ever,
but not one I am eager to repeat.

Otto
