---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Bound in the Garden
authors:
- Roger Williams
tags:
- Sbm
- spandex
- outdoors
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2002-08-20 00:00:00
---

There had been quite a thunderstorm the night before so it was the perfect
time to pull some pesky weeds. To add some pleasure to the chore, I decided
to do this as the slave of a mistress of a grand house.

First, my clothing - - what there was of it. The bottom lawyer was a
very snug pair of dance trunks, female style. They were so tight that I
had to cut a hole in the crotch or my privates would have been crushed.
But the tightness also allowed me to insert a butt plug and with a little
wadding of paper towel, be assured it would not slip out as it moved back
and forth, in and out.

Next I put on my cock harness, which was one ring and a strap which
went under the balls, with a ring attached to the bottom. Before I closed
the strap, I put on another pair of trunks, still snug but with enough
cloth in the crotch to allow me to pull it up under the balls and then
to secure the strap. That was it for clothes; it was a hot day.

I then tossed a long piece of chain over a tree branch which hung over
the garden, and secured that so a long piece was hanging down. I put on
my legirons - - key in the house - - and before I cuffed my hands in front
of me, I attached the end of the long chain to my cock harness's ring.
Then the cuffs.

It was "fun" pulling weeds; the cuffs made me use both hands and the
long chain tugged erotically on my crotch if I tried to go too far into
the garden. You can bet I tried that quite often.

I felt it was time for a nap so I moved over into the shade where I
had screwed in a couple of dog-lead stakes. I undid the handcuffs, stood
so my ankles were on the other side of one of the stakes, then laid down
and using a snap on the other stake, attached it to the last ring on the
chain attached to my crotch. Then I laid down and cuffed my wrists behind
me, first tossing the keys across the yard.

It was both stimulating and relaxing, the first caused by the tug on
my balls when I shifted position. I finally managed to have a huge orgasm,
after which I fell asleep. I don't know how long I had been sleeping but
I was awakened by a pouring rainstorm. I reached down to unsnap my crotch
from the chain; it was farther than I thought, and with it being wet, hard
to grab. I finally made it and slowly got to my knees, then to my feet.
Here is where the real fun began!

I started across to where I had tossed the keys, not realizing that
I was still attached to that chain hanging from the tree. I reached the
end of it and all the mud on the ground made me lose my footing, and I
came crashing down, face forward, into a pile of mud! I was thrashing around
trying to get myself up and also to release that chain, also held by a
snap. I finally managed to stand (after falling a few times when I was
most of the way up) and twisted myself around to undo the chain from my
crotch. I got to the handcuff keys, freed myself, and then hobbled into
the house for the legirons key.

But at least by the time I got into the house, all the mud had been
washed off my body by the rain! Rain? Yes, and that meant the weeds would
be even easier to pull tomorrow.......

Roger
