---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Away On  Business 8: In Mind Of Master''s Cock'
authors:
- Adam N. Eaves
tags:
- Solo-F
- M-fff
- FF
- fantasy
- pantyhose
- bond
- bagged
- encase
- breathplay
- tease
- toys
- insert
- oral
- mast
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Away On Business 7: The Bag Revisited**](awayonbusiness7.html))

WARNING
Do **NOT** try this at home, the story is presented here as a **fantasy only**,
to attempt this in real life may result in injury or death.
In Memory of Diane, my soulmate, who sadly passed away after her fight with cancer and is sadly missed. I hope in leaving this legacy to your readers that they can appreciate how much fun we had in acting out these fantasies.
Authors Note: Just as a background whenever I was away on business Diane used to send me horny emails, often I would read these during meetings etc. As you can imagine it was quite distracting to say the least. I have made them into this series of stories called 'Away on Business'. I bet you wished your girlfriend sent you horny emails like this when you were away on business!

(A collection of horny emails)

**Away on Business – Volume 8**

'In Mind Of Master’s Cock'

Masters pictures and story had me sooooooooo turned on and with these pictured in my mind; I could feel droplets of my juices trickling from my slit. I prepared myself for the long awaited play. I stripped naked, my nipples already very erect. I got a pair of tights and my dildo from the drawer and pulled the duvet off the bed and folded it in half ready for later. I lay on my back in the bed and my hands touching my body all over, all the time thinking of Master tying me up and placing me in plastic bag and very carefully placing me into that box. I tweaked my nipples between my thumb and forefinger, rolling them around; they were so hard and stuck out very prominently.

In my mind these were Master's hands massaging me and my nips in his mouth suckling on the mmmmmmmm. I was so excited; my hands then ran down past my belly button to my pussy which was well juiced up. I played with my clitty which was throbbing hot and swollen. I then patted my pussy; jeez what a feeling. Pure pleasure running through me. I felt my body trembling with desire as I got the tights and eased them slowly up my legs to my thighs. I got the dildo and eased it into my slit and about three inches up my very hot and very wet cunt, mmmmmmm. With it now well in place, I moaned softly as it eased up. I closed my legs and began to pull up the thick black lycra tights very carefully; not wanting to disturb the well placed dildo.

I pulled them up really tight as far as they would go. I turned onto my tummy and pulled the folded duvet onto my back; this was to be Master’s body on top of me and he was going to fuck me really hard, making me pant and groan with excitement as he rammed his huge hard cock into me pushing my pussy deep into the mattress. With this in mind I started to push myself up and down, the dildo moving further up inside me. Oh my god, I didn’t want this to end. I then thought of Vicky with her little white veil on, straddling teacher backwards and bouncing on his lovely wet hard cock. His hands on her firm little tits and Vicky bouncing hard up and down up and down. Jeez that Vicky sure loves teacher’s cock she can’t get enough of it. The more she gets the more she wants.

Thinking of this made me bounce up and down on that dildo; it felt just like a real cock, it was hot and with my hot pussy and all the juices mmmmmmmm. The weight of the duvet on my back was in my mind Master pumping me good. I wriggled and writhed and bounced; the noise of the bedsprings making me even more excited. I was cuming but I didn’t want to cum yet, this was too good to end so I stopped momentarily. I took several deep breaths and then buried my head in the pillow; thought of being in that box Master had put me in, and I started to bounce up and down again. After several bounces, I felt my pussy muscles tightening; this was going to be one hell of an orgasm. With my head still buried in the pillow, I started to cum. I could hardly breathe as the orgasm built up and my head felt as though it was being torn off.

My body shuddered; oooooooooooooooooooooo didn’t it shudder. I was almost out of air with my head buried in that pillow and as I gasped and shuddered my juices spurted and spurted and still spurted. The bed was shaking, the headboard shaking, the bed springs squeaking; as I cum and cum and cum and still cum some more. My god I thought, I was never gonna stop cuming. I was sweating and gasping as I finally finished cuming. I turned my head to one side to get some air and just lay there for a while with the dildo inside me not wanting to remove it. Finally I pulled down the tights and slowly removed the sopping wet sticky and very hot dildo, mmmmmmmmmmmmmm.

'Four In The Bed And The Little One Said'

Diane, Vicky and Dolly lay side by side naked on the king sized bed on the black satin sheets. What a sight it must have been for Master as he walked into the bedroom and saw his girls all laid on their backs. He stood for a moment to take in the sight of those three pairs of lovely rounded tits and their shaven silky pussies glistening in the sunshine. Us girls watched him as he just stood there in amazement; just staring at us not knowing which one of us to go to first. Diane sat up, took his hand and pulled him onto the bed. We could see his cock twitching as his hands started to wander firstly over Diane’s tits and then Vicky’s and then finally to Dolly’s; all three of us moaning with pleasure, all of us wanting him so badly. He then ran his hands over all our bodies in turn, we could see he wanted us all at once, but he started with Dolly.

Diane and Vicky watching him go down between Dolly’s parted legs and he started to lick all along her little pink slit. Back n forth, mmmmmm, we could hear her soft moans as he probed his tongue up her pussy. Her little body quivering and wriggling, Diane and Vicky were well turned on. The more he tongued Dolly, the more excited we both were becoming. Then Vicky went down between Diane’s legs, pulled them apart and started to tongue her juicy cunt. Master turned his head to one side to watch Vicky licking Diane. He could stand it no more, so he pinned Dolly down and slid his rock hard cock slowly up her tight pink slit making her sigh and groan with pleasure. Diane and Vicky watching his cock sliding in and out; god we were both well turned on as we watched that big hard cock of his, pounding her and his balls slapping against her bum cheeks. It wasn’t long before Dolly’s body shuddered and she cum with enormous force and at the same time Master screamed out as he shot his creamy whit spunk deep into Dolly’s pussy mmmmmmmmmmm.

As they were both recovering Vicky started to frig Diane with two fingers. Her legs around Vicky’s neck and her body shuddered until she cum hard, making the whole bed shake. Now there was only Vicky left to have an orgasm; her pussy was dripping and her clitty throbbing and swollen. Master was starting to get hard again and he was gonna give Vicky a good hard fuck because that’s what Vicky likes. She loves cock and she was gonna have his good n proper. Diane and Dolly watched as Master climbed over to Vicky and started to caress her tits, her pert nipples hard, and her clitty throbbing madly. She groaned loudly as he started to lick and bite her all over, ravishing her slender young body. God what a lovely sight, he was almost eating her alive; he then turned her over, squashing her into the mattress, pinning her arms above her head and then he thrust his rock hard cock right the way up her very tight and very wet hot cunt. She screamed with ecstasy as she felt the whole length pound into her. He was fucking her with hard but very slow thrusts, mmmmmmmmm so good to watch.

Diane and Dolly kept shouting out ‘yes fuck her hard, fuck her hard, she loves it’. With these words Master fucked her harder and faster, both of their bodies rocking together. Vicky was almost cuming, when Dolly got behind him and started fingering his bum making him cum. We watched as his body shuddered and shot his load deep into Vicky’s pussy and she started to cum.

Jeez he was banging Vicky so hard we could see the indent in the mattress as he pushed Vicky’s pussy deeper down, as he cum and their bodies shuddering for several minutes until they finished their orgasm mmmmmmmmmmm. Then we all cuddled up to relax before the next session.

'All In The Mind'

After looking at Master’s pictures of Diane and Dolly, I was very horny and very wet, my juices already seeping into my nightie, and the wet patch was getting bigger. The thought of the two of us making sensual love together; tongues lapping at each others clitties and delving into each others pussies, purring and moaning with ecstasy, mmmmmmmmmmm. I had to relieve myself of this sexual desire within me. I removed the nightie, which was soaked from my love juices; my clitty throbbing swollen and red. Absolutely yearning for some sort of penetration. I stood in front of the mirror and watched myself running my hands all over my curves, over my shoulders down to my heaving breasts, the nipples already protruding. I cupped my breasts in my hands and massaged them round and round my nipples becoming harder and harder.

I tweaked the nipples several times between my thumb and forefinger; they were huge and I thought of Master in front of me nibbling at them, suckling them, hurting them slightly but I didn’t care it was that pain and pleasure thing. My pussy was oozing juices by now I could see droplets on my inner thighs as I parted my legs mmmmmmmm. I thought if Master was here he could get down on his knees and catch the droplets in his mouth. With that thought, one of my hands wandered down to my pussy. I had a good view in the mirror of my clitty; it was very red and becoming more swollen. Wow what a sight; I noticed my whole skin was flushed with sexual desire mmmmmmmmmm, soooooo horny now. I wandered slowly to the bed and lay down on my back, still with my hand on my pussy. I started to run my fingers up and down my slit lightly teasing myself; first my clitty and then my pussy lips. Jeez they were so hot and it felt as if my pussy was on fire as I teased and teased.

I turned on my tummy and laying flat against the mattress. I dragged myself up and down the bed, oooooooo such pleasure. I was like a bitch on heat as I continued this motion up the bed and slowly down again. Up and down; my tits were dragging along too, my nipples brushing the mattress. I was moaning quite loudly and uttering Master’s name as I felt myself almost cumming. My pussy muscles contracting in and out madly, but I managed to stop. I lay there and centred my mind on the pictures of those two rampant females with their tongues, mmmmmmmmmmm and with that I started to work two fingers slightly into my wetness in my lovehole and imagined it was Dolly’s tongue. I then got up on my haunches and started to work my fingers up a little higher. My body rocking to and fro, my tits bouncing. I knew I was nearly cumming and it was going to be a tremendous orgasm; rocking harder and a little faster, I was panting groaning and sweating as I began my orgasm. Then I let rip, I put a third finger into my wetness and frigged really hard and my speed increased as my body began to shudder.

I thought here it comes, ooooooooooooooooo, arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, yessssssssssssssssss. Fucking hell didn’t my body shake and writhe about as I cum so fucking hard I thought the bed was going to collapse. Phew the orgasm was so great I thought I was going to faint it was with such force. Cumming, cumming and still cumming, wowsers in the first degree, mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. It was quite a while before I started to calm down and collapsed on the bed, my fingers still inside me. When I was relaxed again, I removed my fingers from my cunt and put them into my mouth and sucked them. Oh my god, absolutely yummy; my own sweet sticky juices mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. I felt well satisfied as I drifted off to sleep.

'Long Slow Play'

As I gazed at Master’s pictures, I could feel the excitement of pleasure raging through my body. My mind concentrating on pure lust, it was almost as if it was me in all those pictures. All of me just wanting Master to do what he wanted with me. I wanted to be his plaything, to be used and abused in a pleasurable way mmmmmmmm. My whole body was on fire and I knew that tonight’s play will be one of the best ever. I slipped off my nightie and started to prepare myself. I pulled back the bed sheets to expose the bare mattress. I got the black lycra tights from my drawer and ran them over my body mmmmm, that feel of the silken material sending tingles through me. I sat on the bed and stepped into them; first one foot and then the other and then slowly pulled them up to my thighs and then wriggled them up so they pulled tight against my crotch.  The lycra in them clinging against my warm skin. I then put the pillow in position precisely where my head would be when I was ready to cum.

Now I was ready to start my long slow play. My skin was all flushed where I was soooo aroused and my nipples were already erect. As I lowered my body to the corner seam of the mattress, I let out a soft moan. On my knees now, I started to brush my pussy gently against the hard seam lifting myself up and then down; just my clitty and pussy lips touching it. After several minutes of doing that, my passions were becoming stronger. I could feel my juices started to flow; already the tights were becoming damp. I then grabbed the sides of the mattress and with one big heave, but very slowly I pulled myself up across the mattress; stopped a while and then pulled myself back again. Mmmmmmmmmmmm, felt so damn good. I repeated this again; up and back again. My protruding nipples dragging along as I did so, sending tingles through my body.

Wave upon wave of utter pleasure. The crotch of the tights becoming wetter and wetter as I dragged myself back and forward, back and forward. My pussy delving deeper into the mattress. I did this a little faster and already I felt myself wanting to cum, but no I didn’t want this sensuous play to end. I dragged myself along once more and then, stopped moving until my pussy muscles settled down a bit. I then started again; as I dragged myself back and forward again, my nipples were as hard as nails and my pussy oozing juices. The silky material saturated now and I could smell my juices, as I started to work myself up again.

Dragging myself so heavily along that mattress; my clitty was on fire and throbbing so badly I could feel it was swollen as it rubbed hard on that mattress. I started to cum again, so stopped for a while just savouring this feeling of excitement. At that moment all of Master’s pictures filled my mind and I became very rampant. I got the pillow in position once more knowing that I wouldn’t be able to hold back from cumming the next time. I then crouched down at the bottom corner of the bed and positioned my pussy against the seam and started to work myself against it. This time with more force and at a quicker speed. I felt my pussy muscles begin to tighten. I laid my head on the pillow and the more my muscles tightened, the more I buried my head in the pillow. My breath was becoming heavier as I fucked that corner harder, mmmmmmm. The sound of heavy panting and gasping turned me on and I started to cum.

My whole lower body knocking against that corner. Becoming more violent as I gasped and panted heavily mmmmmmm. That feeling of cuming and gasping is a feeling that no-one could possibly understand. Only Master and I know just how much pleasure it gives. My head felt as though it was going to explode. The whole bed began to shake including the headboard as I wriggled, writhed, and pounded myself to orgasm. Jeez the bed even moved across the floor as my juices spurt and spurt and spurt. The tights were drenched and I was still cumming. I was almost suffocating but didn’t care. As I lifted my face from the pillow I had to gasp for air. My body lay there limp as I began to get my breath back and the feeling of complete satisfaction came over me.

'Fucking Dildo'

I couldn’t turn the pc off quick enough after looking at those pics and with those horny images in my mind I stripped naked and prepared for my play. I got some tights and my dressing gown cord from the drawer and the dildo well greased; and the duvet I folded in half and half again to imagine it would be the full weight of you on my back. I slipped the tights on gingerly putting my feet in and then pulling them up to my waist, I didn’t put the dildo in place at this point because I wanted to see whether I could manage without it or not. I proceeded to tie my ankles, I wrapped the cord around my ankles several times to ensure it was as tight as it could be and that I couldn’t move my feet apart however hard I tried. I hobbled onto the bed and got onto my knees, my ankles touching the bottom of my bum cheeks underneath me. I started to caress my heaving breasts; already my nipples were very hard and the more I played with them the harder they became, sending sharp tingles through my body right down to my pussy, which was already leaking juices.

The more I thought of your story and your pics, the more aroused I was becoming. My clitty was red and swollen and throbbing madly; with my thighs squished so close together. I moved my body up and down and to and fro, my pussy muscles were contracting in and out, mmmmm. I could have cum there and then but I didn’t want this pure pleasure to end so quickly, so I continued to play with my breasts. Tweaking the nipples and rolling them around between my thumb and forefinger. I was purring and moaning softly as my pussy muscles worked harder.

I moved my body in every way I could as the muscles kept working in and out, in and out, up and down, up and down. Trying hard to open my restricted legs was impossible, mmmmmmmm what pleasure. As I felt myself becoming even more aroused, I then put the duvet on my back, slipped the tights down to my thighs and put the dildo in place. I slipped it into my wet cunt as much as I could and then pulled the tights back up again real tight. Sitting high on my haunches, I grabbed the headboard with both hands and started to work myself up and down. My god, with the heaviness of the duvet on my back it really felt as though it was you fucking me doggy style mmmmmmm.

With each thrust downwards, the dildo edged further up my pussy. I was almost cumming now, but I didn’t want to cum yet. I wanted this fuck to last, it felt so good. I moved up and down with slow movements, savouring every thrust. After several minutes I could control it no longer and I started to cum. Oh my god and didn’t I cum jeez, the headboard knocked against the wall, my hands gripped onto it tight. My whole body shuddered almost causing the duvet to slip off my back. I was breathless as I continued to cum for what seemed ages. The bed rocked; my wet hot tight cunt drawing the dildo right the way up me oooooooooooooooooo Master. I almost screamed with pleasure and after I cum that dildo felt so good inside me. I just stayed there on my knees, my pussy muscles still contracting in and out as I finally finished cumming. God that was a wowser, phew.

'Cupboard Love'

As I sat naked on my chair taking in Master’s horny pictures and his story of me squished in that bottle, I went into my own world of fantasy. I was so turned on; I could feel a damp patch beneath my hot pussy on the chair and my clit was throbbing against the material on the chair. My mind completely concentrated on pure lust and sexual desire. My breasts felt heavy as my nipples became hard and stuck out rigidly. My whole body was tingling and my skin was a deep shade of pink, as I became more and more aroused. My thighs were clenched together tightly, which made my pussy muscles contract in and out more. Jeez my pussy was on fire and even more juices began to flow.  I gazed at the pictures and story one more time before turning my computer off. I already had in my mind what I was going to do.

I had to do something more adventurous than just laying on my bed. I went to my special drawer and pulled out my two ties and my very large plastic bag. It’s been a long time since I felt that plastic next to my skin mmmmmmmmmm. I draped it all over my body as I made my way to the airing cupboard. I crept into the cupboard, leaving the door slightly ajar for now, as I wanted to prepare myself first. I got the first tie and tied my ankles tightly together. I then crouched down, got my legs into position in the small space; lifted them right up to my tits my nipples brushing against my knees. My heart was racing and more and more juices were dripping down between my thighs. God I was so fucking aroused; I felt so hot, the perspiration already forming on my body. I got the second tie and proceeded to tie my thighs together very tightly just leaving enough space to get my hands through to play with myself.

I shuffled my bum right against the wall of the cupboard, got the plastic bag over my head, and gently eased it down over my head, shoulders and all the way down to my tied ankles. Oh god what a feeling, it was sensational. I then shut the door quickly; now I was in complete darkness and it was so warm in there. The bag was already steaming up, sticking to my body mmmmmmmm. I slid my hands through the gap between my thighs and started to stroke my very wet pussy, using gentle strokes up and down. I was moaning with pleasure and as I breathed I felt the bag going in and out of my mouth. I was in heaven. Master’s Magical story going round and round in my mind. That was it; I was almost out of air and had to work fast.

I started stroking my pussy harder and faster. My moans becoming louder and my gasps heavier. I was almost cumming now. I did so want to part my legs but there was no way I could move them from my tight ties. My bum moved up and down and as I was almost cumming, I stopped stroking my pussy and pushed three fingers into my cunt. Oh yess, yessssssss, yesssssssssssss. My body out of control now, as began my orgasm ooooooooooooo wow. I was gasping frantically and my body was shuddering. The bag so steamed up I felt the vapour turning to water and the bag clung to my body even more so. Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, oh yessssssssssssssssssssssssssss; my orgasm must have lasted for ages and when I ripped the bag off and opened the cupboard door, I gulped for air. I just sat there still crouched down getting my breath back; my pussy still throbbing from this amazing orgasm. The bag was sopping wet, as was my pussy; all those sticky sweet juices released mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. I really enjoyed that Master, I didn’t realise just how much I have missed that bag.

Sending you a big sloppy kiss and a goodnight fuck

your ever horny sex slave

Diane xxx

08.06.12

story continues in [**Away On Business 9: Bag To Bag**](awayonbusiness9.html)

o0o
