---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/his_fantasy5.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: His Fantasy Come True 5
authors:
- Chris Powell
tags:
- FF/m
- bond
- toys
- cons
- XX
date: 2006-08-11 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**His Fantasy Come True 4**](his_fantasy4.html))

*This story is a fantasy I have had
for a very long time. It is something I have wanted to make come true but have
no idea how to go about it. I thought I would share it with you, the readers and
see if any of you have any ideas or if anyone out there in the Denver Colorado
area would be interested in having a slave for a week? Please contact me a [powell8006@yahoo.com.](mailto:powell8006@yahoo.com.)* *I would love to hear your comments, advice
and additions to the story. The story is five parts, this is part 5.*

**His Fantasy Come True - Part 5**

Trapped in
duct tape all night. He moaned as the vibrators continued to pleasure him and
give him dry orgasms. He thought to himself " I think this is day five the end
of our game, but I am not sure."

Being bound
blindfolded, gagged and tortured for five days was taking there toll on his
body. He felt weak and tired. He hoped that today would be easier before they
released him. Sometime in the morning the two ladies arrived. He was awakened
from his twilight as they ripped the duct tape from his body. He yelped and
moaned. Finally it was all removed and he was free of the post.

One of the
ladies pumped up the gag five more pumps, he couldn't breathe. The vibrators
and nipple clips are removed. The blood rushing back into his nipples causes him
to yelp out thought the pump gag, but it is pumped up so far that not much noise
comes out. The pump gag is deflated and he is lead to the bathroom.

"You know
what to do slave"

The door is
closed and he removes the gag and blindfold. He relieves himself and takes a
nice shower. Finished he again puts on the ball gag, nipple clips and the
blindfold. He locks his arms behind him with handcuffs and waits. In a while one
of the ladies leads him back into the basement. "Sit" his is told, his arms
are placed over the back of the chair. The gag is removed and a spoon with oat
meal is shoved into his mouth. He is feed the entire bowl. He thinks to himself
that he will never like oak meal again!

He is helped
up from the chair and lead over to the bed. The ladies uncuffs him and tells him
to lay down. His arms are spread to the corners of the bed. Then his legs are
pulled wide and fastened to the foot of the bed. The ball gag is removed and he
feels one of the ladies climb onto the bed. "Time to please us slave."

He feels a
wet pussy pushed to his face. He begins to lick as she seals it over his mouth.
He was now used to not being able to breathe, so he did a much better job then
when he first arrived. In just a few minutes he felt her shake and push herself
into his face. She held herself there until the orgasm was over. She got off him
and he gasped for air. The other lady then climbed on the bed and sat on his
face. Again he found himself licking for all he was worth. She came fast also
and removed herself.

"That was
nice slave, you have learned much since you have been here, maybe we should just
keep you"

The
statement hit home as he thought about it, he was here at their place, no one
knew where he was or who he was with. He would show up missing and no one would
know where to look. For a minute he panicked. Then reason took him and he calmed
down. The ball gag was pushed back into his mouth and he heard the ladies
laughing as they left the basement.

A few hours
later he was awoke by the touch of one of the ladies hands on his shaft. He
jerked awake as she played with him. The other lady sucked on his nipples around
the clips sucking the whole thing into her mouth. He moaned as he got closer.
His shaft was very hard now as he neared orgasm.

"Keep
going" one said.

He moaned as
he started to cum, it was a powerful orgasm, with lots of cum which one of the
ladies caught in a cup.

"He did
great" one said.

"Look at
all that, wow! Time to go home slave"

The ladies
untied him from the bed and he stood. An anal plug was shoved up his ass and
pumped up. Two egg vibrators are taped to his shaft, but no plug was put in. One
of the ladies handcuffed his hands behind him. The rain coat is again put over
him covering his bondage and head.

"He looks
good, Ok lets go."

He is lead
out to the van and put inside. The vibrators are turned on, he moans as his
shaft get hard again. It was a short drive and he waits as the van stops. In
maybe five minutes he hears the door and is lead toward out and up some stairs.
He enters a room and hears the door shut. One of the ladies unhooks his hands
and he is told to lay on the bed. Again he is tied spread to the bed, this time
with what felt like a heavy rope.

"We have
enjoyed playing with you slave, before we leave I will give you a dull knife in
your right hand. You will use this to cut yourself free. It will take you a
while as the rope is very thick. Don't drop the knife or you will be here
until morning when the maid comes. I am planning to leave the maid service sign
on the door. We also have a few gifts for you."

His gag is
removed and the first lady kisses him hard exploring his mouth with her tongue.
She stops and then the other lady does the same thing to him, exploring his
mouth. "Good bye my sweet slave" one of them said. "It his been a
pleasure, maybe you will come back to us again sometime. I must tell you I was
very tempted to keep you"

He feels
something wet being poured into his mouth, he can tell at once it's his cum
from earlier. They empty the cup and then the pump up gag is shoved into his
mouth and he is forced to swallow his cum. The gag is pumped up so no noise can
escape. He has the taste of himself in his mouth. Ear plugs are pushed into his
ears and sealed there with tape. His nipple clips are tied off to the head of
the bed and a second set of clips are placed on his ball sack and pulled to the
foot of the bed. He feels vibrators taped to his clipped nipples and two more
taped to his ball sack which is being pulled tight to the foot of the bed. He
feels a knife placed in his right hand. The vibrators are all tuned to full.
"Good bye sweety" he feels a kiss on each cheek and then the door close.

He works on
the rope for hours trying to cut himself loose. The vibrators work on him as
well. He has many orgasms as he lays there, cumming over and over. Finally hours
later he feels the rope give and loosen. He is free with one hand. A short time
later he has freed himself. He looks around the room and finds his suitcase. He
dresses and leaves the room to go home.

The next day
he talks with his captors on the internet. He tells them it was the time of his
life and he enjoyed it very much. They invite him for another session, but
that's another story.

The End
