---
original_url: https://www.packagedstories.net/storiesek/imported_usa1.html
subcategory: Packaged/Encasement
title: Imported from the USA
authors:
- Darkraptor1
tags:
- MF/mf
- slaves
- mum
- bagged
- crate
- shipped
- nc/cons
- X
date: 2006-02-19 00:00:00
---

**Part 1 of 2**
Another day, another dull routine at work.
Though working at the international sex slave factory was
definitely an uncommon career, it could get a little dull at times, and for poor
Albert, this was one of those times.
Albert was the man who supervised the shipping area of
the factory. It was his task to oversee the safe packing and shipping of slaves
who were to be sent to their owners all over the world.
Today had seen a large shipment of mummies to be shipped
off. Punching his time clock in, Albert picked up his hard hat and overalls. He
picked up the clipboard and looked at the printout. Fifty hand-wrapped mummies,
sixteen body bag mummies, twelve straightjackets and six mail bags.
The pleasant chime sounded, and it was off to the floor.
“Morning Albert!” A voice called out.
“Morning Tim. Looks like we’ve got a busy day
ahead!”
“Yep! But looking at the lists, it looks like a fun
loadout!”
The workers took their places next to the conveyor belts
and waited for the machinery to start up. Boxes of every shape and build were
put in place, packed with shipping foam.
The red warning lights lit up, the buzzers sounded, and
the conveyer belts began rolling. “Okay people!” Albert called out.
“Let’s stay sharp! Human cargo coming through!”
The first body appeared out of the rubber flaps. It was
one of the hand wrapped mummies, wrapped in dark blue bandages. Albert followed
the mummy as it went down the conveyer belt, wiggling and squirming.
Albert did a quick check on his clipboard. Slave number
3498B. She was to be shipped to a wealthy warlord in a Middle Eastern country,
along with two straightjackets. Special notes indicated that this one used to be
a lawyer. She had been captured and forced into slavery against her will. Notes
indicated a feisty and unwilling temperament.
Mummy slave 3498B reached the end of the conveyer belt.
The workers quickly picked her up and did a quick visual inspection. No damage
was present, though one of the bandages needed to be sewn back into place.
As one of the workers did that, another went and clipped
a collar around slave 34’s neck. The black collar was locked in place around
the bandaged throat and activated. With this tracking system, the warlord would
know exactly when his precious cargo was to arrive.
Satisfied that slave 3498B was ready to be shipped, the
workers placed her inside a coffin like box, surrounded her with shipping foam
and placed the lid on. Three quick snaps of the locks, and mummy slave 3498B was
ready for shipping.
As her box was placed into a large shipping container,
another mummy came out. Albert observed the number on the mummy’s wrappings,
and checked it against his records.
Ah yes, slave number 1535G. This slave was to be shipped
with number 3498B to his new desert home. Special notes indicated that this was
a voluntary slave, who used to be a disgruntled college student. The notes said
that he had willingly submitted to being wrapped.
Albert let out a smile. It was always good when all
parties involved in this trade were willing and submissive. Slave 1535G was
picked up, checked, collared, and placed in his box. Though his face could not
be seen within his wrappings, slave 1535G’s body posture was relaxed and happy.
The lid was closed, and the locks activated. Two more
mummies ready for shipment. As the rest of the warlord’s order was processed,
Albert walked over to the next conveyor belt. This one was processing a small
order, consisting of a single slave.
Slave number 56A124 was coming out of the hole, dressed
in a tight white straightjacket with blue tights. Special equipment included a
pair of gold colored ankle cuffs and a black leather muzzle. Notes said that
this slave was a felon with a life sentence, which had been commuted to life as
a slave.
Looking at her gagged face, she didn’t look too happy
as she was picked up off the conveyer belt and forced into her shipping box. She
looked quite frightened as she was strapped down to the inside of her box and
blindfolded.
She let out a muffled whimper as the box lid was closed
and locked. With a great shove, the box was pushed into the back of the shipping
truck, which promptly drove away, taking the slave to her new master in
Canada
.
The next conveyer belt was packaging an interesting
order. A high-ranking official in the Chinese government had a fetish for
American brides, and had placed an order for ten of them.
And now there were ten slaves dressed as brides, their
arms and legs cuffed and shackled. They were currently ungagged, but had been
warned about protesting.
The ten shackled brides, dresses and all, were forced
into individual shipping boxes. The shipping attendants pushed the billowy
dresses into the boxes, made sure the cuffs on ankles and wrists were tight, and
began to shut the lids on each bride.
Albert checked the order again, going over the list.
“Hold it!” he called out. “Our client made a change in his order. He wants
eleven brides, not ten.”
“But we don’t have another bride.” A worker named
Susan said. “All the other slaves are being trained, and we don’t have any
to spare.”
Albert paused, thinking the situation over. Wait… he had
an idea. “Oh, I think we can get one more bride.”
With well-practiced moves, Albert quickly walked up and
slapped a pair of handcuffs around Susan’s wrists. Pressing a button around
his belt, three guards walked over.
“Susan, you are under arrest. You have been chosen to
be converted into a lifetime slave.” Ignoring Susan’s shocked face, he
turned to the guards. “Take her to the dressing department, tell them that we
need another bride.”
The guards nodded and began dragging Susan off the floor.
Company policy does work sometimes, Albert mused. If you’ve got a troublesome
employee, or need a slave quickly, go ahead and arrest one of them. After all,
we can always cover it up.
That was one of the perks of working with the largest
slave company in the world. If it had managed to keep its operations secret for
over a hundred years, then it could do anything.
Fifteen minutes later, Susan was marched back into the
shipping room, dressed in a silk bride’s dress. A new shipping crate had been
prepared for her.
“Albert!” She cursed as the guards forced her towards
the crate. “You can’t do this!”
Pulling out a pair of turn of the century shackles,
Albert walked up to her. “Oh, you know fully well I can.” With the guards
holding her arms still, Albert put a transportation belt around Susan’s waist,
then threaded the handcuffs through the large O ring.
“Besides.” He said as he locked the cuffs around
Susan’s silk gloves. “I hear that Chinese food is really tasty. You might
get extra for being a slave for life.”
She spat on him as he finished applying the locks. “Now
now, don’t make me gag you. I’ve read that having a ball gag in your mouth
for a trip to
China
 can make you very sore.”
Susan gave him the meanest glare she could. “Damn
you.” She cursed as she was forced into her shipping box. “Damn you.”
He gave a final check to make sure her shackles were nice
and tight. Satisfied that she wouldn’t be able to move her wrists from her
waist, he closed the box lid and locked it.
The crates filled with bound brides were loaded onto a
shipping truck, and were soon heading down the road towards the airport. “Have
fun in
China
.” Albert giggled as he watched the truck, along with
his ex-coworker, vanish around a curve.
Three hours passed, and forty slaves were packaged and
shipped. The work was tiring, with Albert constantly jogging back and forth to
insure that each slave was carefully packaged and shipped.
Though every slave, willing or unwilling, was forced to
wear restraints, a few accidents occasionally happened on the floor. Only one
such incident today, with a wetsuited male managing to undo his handcuffs. He
managed to knock over three employees and was strangling another before being
subdued.
Ten minutes later, he was straightjacketed, cuffed and
mummified. His squirming form was forced into his shipping box and locked in
just as the break whistle was activated.
Easing into his chair in the cafeteria, Albert breathed
deeply, enjoying the feel of his tired muscles unwinding.
As a chained slave brought over some drinks, Albert and
Tim caught up on the latest family and company activities.
“So,” Albert began. “Who all did we loose this
week?”
“Billy, Harrison, and Ang all got shipped off to
Malaysia last Monday.”
“How did they go?”
“Catsuited, then mummified in red horse bandages.”
Albert nodded. “Nice. Sounds like fun. Anybody else?”
“Well, Lisa was straightjacketed yesterday and was
shipped off, new property of a lucky businessman from
Los Angeles
.”
There was a loud muffled scream from the other side of
the room. The two looked over and watched as a green plastic mummy was carried
down a hallway, its ponytail sticking out of its head.
“Well, there goes Anna.” Tim observed. “I warned
her not to complain about the long hours. I wonder where’s she going.”
“Five bucks says the UK.”
“Okay, you’re on.”
The two quieted down as they sipped their drinks. Tim
wondered what movie he was going to watch at home tonight. Albert wondered how
long it would be before he was arrested and turned into a slave.
It was pretty much inevitable that every employee of
slave international would one day be forced into slavery themselves. If you
stayed on longer, you would be sold to a nice master. Rank and experience had
its privileges.
Albert had been there for about twenty years, shipping,
carting, and supervising human goods all over the world. Nobody had lasted more
then twenty one years. His time would no doubt come.
He hoped that he would have a nice master, one who was
kind to him. As he had no immediate family, he was looking forward to his
inevitable adventure.
The whistle sounded, and it was time to go back to work.
The straightjackets were next. All of these slaves were
willing volunteers, homeless men and women who had volunteered for a new kind of
life where all their needs would be taken care of.
The crates they would be traveling in were late, so the
eleven remaining straightjacketed slaves quietly talked to themselves.
Albert went up and inspected each one, making sure their
clothing and their restrictive jacket were on nice and tight. “Excuse me.”
Slave 895H asked. “But my jacket is a little loose. Could you tighten it a
bit?”
“Of course.” Albert took the lady’s sleeves and
tightened them, buckling down the straps and belts. “Tight enough?”
“Oh yes, very comfy. Thank you.”
At that point, the crates arrived, ready for their
occupants. Albert reviewed his clipboard. “It seems that you’re going to
have your mouth taped shut.” Albert told slave 895H.
“Oh goody! I was hoping my mouth would be taped shut. I
just love the feeling!”
Albert smiled as he pulled out the green tape. Slave 895H
closed her mouth and smiled as Albert wound it around her mouth. After three
wraps, he was sure it was closed tightly enough.
“Now you have a good life, okay?” Slave 895H nodded
enthusiastically as she was picked up and placed in her crate.
As the straightjacketed slaves were packed up and
shipped, Albert looked at his list, and at the clock. The end of the day was
fast approaching. His shift would end soon, and it would be back to the dingy
apartment, where it would be a lonely dinner for one…
Two mail bags came down, each securely holding a
catsuited slave. They were simple to ship. Simply plop them into the back of the
truck and away they went.
At last, the last orders of the day were about to be
processed. The sixteen body bag mummies. Albert began checking off the remaining
forms when he heard them behind him.
“Albert Allen?”
“Yes?”
There was the clink of metal. “I’m afraid we’re
body bag mummy short. You’ve just been drafted.”
Albert let out a small smile and put his clipboard down
on the edge of the conveyer.
The guards were very gentle as they locked the handcuffs
around his wrists. Albert noticed how this was the end of his old existence. He
was on his way to a new life, a new adventure.
Fifteen minutes later, Albert was in the mummy room, a
section of the factory where slaves were mummified for those who had a mummy
fetish.
He had already made the decision to cooperate with his
ex-employers, now his captors. He had cooperated when they shaved his body down
and told him to get into the spandex body suit, and now he stood in the mummy
room, awaiting further instructions.
Three attendants brought out a large black human sized
bag. Albert grinned as he recognized it. It was one of the special models, a mix
of neoprene, spandex, and latex. Very tight and very soft. He had never had the
pleasure of trying one on before.
“We are going to put you in this bag.” One of the
attendants said. “We will then wrap you up in bandages to secure you.”
Albert nodded. “Well then, why don’t we start?”
The attendants looked a bit shocked. “You are aware of
what’s going on aren’t you?” One of them asked.
“Oh yeah, I knew this would happen eventually. But
I’m looking forward. I hope though, that my new owner and master is nice.”
As the attendants gently moved him towards the bag, they
smiled. “Oh don’t worry, I think you’ll like her.”
The bag was held up, the back unzipped and waiting for an
occupant to enter. Albert happily put his legs into the bag and worked them into
the leg sleeves at the bottom. The soft material felt good against his second
skin, warm and comfy.
Standing in the bag, Albert then felt around for the
internal arm sleeves. This was the biggie. Once he put his arms in those sleeves
and the back was zipped up, he would be completely helpless and at the mercy of
his captors.
He didn’t hesitate. He found the sleeves and slid his
arms in, relishing the soft, tight feeling. In a way, it felt like he was
putting on a tight pair of gloves.
When his arms were fully in, the attendants went to work.
They adjusted the mummy bag slightly to ensure a tight fit, then they began to
pull the heavy duty zipper up.
Albert did nothing but shiver slightly from excitement as
the zipper was pulled up, and the bag tightened around him.
When the zipper was fully up, the attendants slipped a
small lock on, ensuring that it wouldn’t come undone by mistake. Now locked
into the bag, the attendants gently lay the new slave down on a table. Albert
felt very relaxed as he went still in his new body bag.
Large black belts were pulled out and applied around his
body. They were pulled through straps around his ankles, knees, waist, elbows,
and chest. The tightness was delicious to Albert, feeling another restraint
being applied to him.
Now that he was secured inside his bag, the attendants
began the process of wrapping Albert in a layer of tight, elastic bandages. Well
trained by years of experience, they quickly wound the elastic bandages around
Albert and his tight bag.
Albert could do nothing, now that he was locked into his
bags. The internal sleeves forced him to keep his arms still and in place. He
discovered, much to his dismay, that he couldn’t reach and pleasure himself.
The internal sleeves denied him a pleasure he had always enjoyed.
In five minutes, the bandages were wrapped super tight up
to his waist. It was wonderfully tight, but not to the point of excess. The new
slave felt very warm and safe as his new cocoon began to wind its way up his
body.
A few minutes later, the bandages had reached his
shoulders. Curiously, the attendants stopped. One of them walked into Albert’s
field of vision.
“Your new owner has specifically requested for you to
travel blindfolded.”
Albert smiled. “Well, it lets me guess where I’m
going!”
"She also ordered for you to be gagged."
"*Yes!*" Albert thought. "*I just
love those gags!*"
Opening his mouth wide, Albert happily accepted the ruby
red gag that was pushed into his mouth. Unlike normal ball gags, this gag was
specially designed for long term wear. Albert giggled as he tasted the plastic
over his tongue.
The attendant smiled and produced a hood constructed of
the same materials as the body bag. She slowly reached over and placed it on the
top of Albert’s head.
The hood was pulled over Albert’s head. He watched with
great interest as the material was pulled over his eyes, then over his head and
down until it completely covered his head and his throat. Albert could still see
out of the eyeholes. But the attendants had a surprise for him. Albert watched
as they pulled out a blindfold, then slowly began to cover his eyes, thus
blinding him until his master decided to let him see again. The last thing he
saw was the attendant’s smiling face.
With Albert now blindfolded, the attendants had one last
surprise for their slave. They pulled out a black leather collar and fastened it
around Albert’s neck.
The posture collar quickly forced Albert into keeping his
neck and head straight. The buckles and straps were set, and the collar was
locked onto his neck.
It was almost over. The attendants resumed the slave’s
mummification, winding the thick bandages over his neck, and then around his
head.
With one layer completed, Albert was no longer a free
man. He was now a mummified slave, completely at the mercy of his new masters.
The attendants did one more layer of the stretchy
bandages, just to make sure he was securely wrapped and restrained. Thirty
minutes later, the second layer was complete.
There was one last step to do. The chief attendant leaned
over Albert’s head. “Your name is no longer Albert. For the rest of your
life, you will now be known as slave 7538Y.”
Slave 7538Y wiggled with pleasure inside his thick
cocoon.
He was picked up and carried over to the conveyer belt in
the back of the room. The slave was placed onto it, and was swiftly carried away
and out of sight.
The attendants sighed. Another job well done. Another
mummy off to his master.
They turned to leave, ready to go home. Instead, they
found a locked door and six new attendants, each carrying rolls of bandages.
“It’s time for your… retirement.” One of the guards said.
Slave 7538Y took the trip that he had sent so many others
on. He was carried down the conveyer belt, quietly waiting for his fate.
He was received by the employees at the floor. They knew
who was inside this cocoon of restraints and were extra gentle as they placed
him inside his shipping crate. The new floor supervisor double-checked the
details of slave 7538Y’s trip. Confirming that everything was in order, the
supervisor nodded.
The lid was placed on and locked. The crate was pushed,
along with fifteen other crates, onto a shipping truck. They were piled one on
top of another until they were all inside.
With the crates secured, the truck drove off into the
night, carrying sixteen slaves off to a new life.
Slave 7538Y was quiet inside his crate. He listened to
the sounds of travel, but he was growing sleepy. He felt so safe, so secure
inside his own private crate. He had nothing to worry about. All of his
troubles, all of his fears were behind him.
A new life awaited him. All he had to do was lie back and
enjoy the ride.
Unable to move, unable to escape even if he wanted to,
slave 7538Y drifted off into the warm, safe arms of sleep.

story continues in [**part two**](imported_usa2.html)
