---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: What a Halloween!
authors:
- Rojo Caliente
tags:
- F-m
- leather
- bond
- gag
- straitjacket
- collar
- leash
- toys
- public
- tease
- torment
- mast
- climax
- denial
- cons
- X
---

from the 2007 Halloween special

I have been a person who has struggled with my weight most of my life.
Recently I had quit smoking and gained more weight than I want to admit.
Almost 75 pounds! I have in the past two years managed to get rid of almost
thirty-five pounds of excess baggage. My wife had been diagnosed with a
long-term illness and the meds have finally gotten correct. As soon as
the type of meds and dosages were correct she shed 40 pounds. Almost overnight.
This has led her to start to get on my case with regularity. I explained
to her I have always had a problem and at times really needed extra incentive.
She thought about it for a minute and agreed to grant me a long-time sexual
fantasy if I could lose the weight. I had to make her a list of fantasies.
I felt that if I put the effort into this I deserved a rather good one
so I only detailed three of my more outré imaginations. That is
the list she received and she didn’t even flinch, but rather gave me a
four-month deadline.

Three months into it I was very close. The end of the fourth month was
the end of October and I intended to make it. My wife definitely let me
know she appreciated my efforts. She told me to get ready for the Halloween
of a lifetime. I had given her three different fantasies that revolved
around costumes, so I was not sure quite yet what she had planned.

I arrived home from week the Friday of Halloween and there was a note
in our bathroom. (My wife knew I thoroughly enjoyed a drink and a warm
bath after work to make me forget about it quickly and bring me into the
present moment.) She told me not drink too much water, enjoy a drink and
a bath and wear whatever she had laid out for me in the bedroom. Hey, no
problem, except for the water. Since most of my fantasies contained some
form of bondage I thought perhaps she was being very thoughtful. I enjoyed
my time and anticipated whatever might be in store. In fact I was a little
apprehensive. My synapses and senses were firing a little sharper than
normal.

I entered our room and there was little to wear but black tights, shoes
and a grey tee shirt. Also, there was a scarf lying on the bed with a note
on it that said “When dressed go to the living room and put on the blindfold
and wait. It will take me some time to get ready. You WILL enjoy this.”
By this time I was convinced it would be a sensual evening so I added a
homemade seven-gates-of-hell to my clothing list. I then walked into the
living room, sat down, put on the blindfold and waited.

About five minutes of waiting (or hell, as I am not a patient man, to
say the least), I heard noises behind me and my wife told me to stand and
take a step forward. I did as asked. By this time I was noticing the sexual
tension I was feeling was having some effects on my lower physiology, exacerbated
by my device. My wife then said, “Extend your arms in front of you directly.”

This I did quickly and felt heavy weight cloth being placed over my
arms. Oh, Christ, it must be a straitjacket I thought. This was definitely
my largest fantasy. I think my penis reflected my thoughts immediately.
The next thing I felt (I was lost in my own thoughts) was my wife’s hands
tightening the clasps of the jacket behind me. Then, as she snugged the
clasps, I felt her fastening little clicks behind my back. My arms were
then threaded through straps at the front of the jacket, then each side
and fastened in back perhaps more snuggly than I felt as polite. Another
snap was felt behind my back. My wife then pulled the clamps from the back
of the jacket to their fastening in the front. This strap was a single
strap that crossed my penis and went from bottom to top! To my chagrin,
my wife made sure to feel my thighs  and my crotch as she did this
bringing me to full attention. “Oh, I see you added a little toy to the
proceedings. You may be sorry you did that before the night is through.
You know I don’t do anything halfway.” She said as she fastened that strap
so tight I almost had to bend over. Then I felt another snap being applied.

She stood back and must have appreciated her handiwork, because the
first thing she did was chuckle. I felt just a might uncomfortable and
tried to move. It was at that point I truly appreciated her comment. I
was not going to be able to escape. (I often thought I could get loose
from anything and at times practiced self-bondage and always managed to
get loose.) The next thing I felt was a collar being placed around my neck,
being loosely fastened. Then the same type of snap followed the collar.
I realized then what that snap was as I felt the weight of a small padlock
on my neck. I swallowed hard, because I felt more helpless than even five
minutes ago. “Please look forward and do not turn your head as I take off
the blindfold.” My wife commanded. Believe me I didn’t. “Open your mouth.”
She said.

"Here comes the scarf as a gag", I thought. Was I wrong?! A penis-shaped
gag was placed into my mouth by a glove-covered hand that came from behind
and fastened the arrangement behind my head, followed by an all-too-familiar
click. A cold shiver ran up my spine I hoped wasn’t too noticeable to my
wife.

“Don’t worry too much”, she said in response to my movement. “This will
come off some time tonight. Just remember, you asked for it.” I did, but
this was way more than I expected.

 “Place your legs together.” The tightening of a three-inch wide
belt above my knees followed this. Now any walking motion I made forced
my already aroused penis against a shifting crotch strap and worse caused
my scrotum to rub against my thighs.

“Turn and look at me”, she said. I almost fell over. My gag exacerbated
my deep inhalation as I tried to force air into my lungs around it. Here
was my wife dressed, as I never expected to see her. She is a very pretty
woman with sharp features that accentuate her thick eyebrows and high cheekbones.
Her makeup was deep red lipstick over her thick lips that looked so wet
it would cause an immediate reaction from anyone who saw her. Her cheeks
were lightly rouged and eyes done up with dark colors to match her features
and her outfit. At the best of time my wife is two-three inches shorter
than me. With her five-inch ballet style heels with a curved vamp she was
three inches taller than I was. Her legs were covered in jeans that appeared
to be made of soft leather that couldn’t have accentuated her hips and
waistline more if they were tailored. (In fact, I am sure they were.) The
details such as small zippers to take up the excess fabric above her ankles
were part of the complete look. Her ass, which she is rightfully proud,
would look tremendous from the back if I could ever see it. She has 36D
breasts and somewhere she found a top that supported her and showed an
enormous amount of cleavage. If I could drool I would. She had on a shiny
shoulder-length glove on her right arm. On her left arm were black nails
extending at least one-inch.

“What do you think? Will this attract any attention tonight from other
admirers?” I was almost sorry I told her of my fantasies. I was weak at
the knees and so HORNY I couldn’t believe it. She tossed a keychain on
the end table in our room and said, "For your sake I hope the cats don’t
play with them and lose them tonight. You may want to get loose some time”.
Next to table on the floor was a black leather portfolio, like you would
find an art student carrying. She bent over, reached inside and pulled
out a dog leash and fastened it to the collar. When she bent I almost saw
her nipples around the deep-V if her top and moaned into the gag. “Oh please,
you did ask for this. Am I beyond your wildest dreams in person?” I nodded
yes. "Too bad, you asked for it and I am in the mood to enjoy this to the
max.”

I still did not know what she had planned. My fantasies for Halloween
went from being placed on display bound and in a casket while she handed
out candy to being bound and left behind, being given a time limit to meet
her. The way I was trussed I hoped she hadn’t planned that. I wanted to
look at her all night, if not quickly rip her outfit off. Highly unlikely
considering the circumstances.

“Follow me", she said, as she bent over giving me a view of her ass
in her pants. She walked about 6 feet ahead and all I could focus on was
her ass. Unbelievable! I couldn’t take my eyes off of it in those pants.
Guess what that did to me? I was so hard I could barely move, or breathe.
At this point the seven-gates-of-hell was not helping and I knew I was
going to be in this shape for a while.

We got to our car. Yes, my wife parked it outside so everyone could
watch—like it mattered. She opened the door and I slowly sat down. She
fastened the seat belt over and said “we’re going barhopping.” This was
definitely one of my fantasies, however, not bound like this! What was
I going to do? I admit I stared at her cleavage as she drove wishing I
could touch her. OR ME FOR THAT MATTER. Throbbing cannot even begin to
describe what I was experiencing.

After a short drive, she parked the car near a strip of bars surrounding
a walking type mall. I waited for her to (hopefully) open my door. It happened,
and I was asked to get out and again the leash was put in place and I was
asked to follow her. I had to look at her, but this time I noticed how
many people were staring at her. I was jealous. I wanted to touch her soooo
baddd it was incredible. I wanted to taste her mouth pressed against mine
and taste her tongue and bite her lips. All I could do was offer a muffled
grunt. She steered us into a bar we sometimes frequent and told to sit
down. I soon found what was in the bag she had carried over her shoulder.
A two-inch strap was placed over my ankles. Rope was place over my chest,
being wrapped around the chair. My legs were fastened to the legs of the
chair. She walked to the bar slowly.  I thought the movement from
her hips could probably attract men from over 1 mile away. She came back
with two drinks and sat on my lap. Hers was a wine slightly darker than
her lips. Mine was a bourbon and ice. She filled the drink straw and dribbled
contents of the drink on the edges of the gag, allowing me to suck in the
contents. Then she forced the straw in my mouth, held the glass up and
said “Drink, you never know when the next one will come.” I did thirstily.

She downed her wine and performed the same slow walk to the bar for
another round. If she was approached once, I had to watch her get hit on
at least ten times. More than once I heard, “well, he isn’t going anywhere.”
She repeated the routine of drinks a second time. I was feeling the alcohol.
So was she. Her face became slightly more flushed and suddenly she sprang
from my lap to dance. She asked me to dance and then laughed, "Oops, you’re
a little tied up at the moment" and hit the floor. I had to sit and watch
her move while clad in a second skin. She made sure she never got out of
my line-of-sight. She bumped and ground, sashaying her hips from side to
side and I am sure her four or five partners saw as much or more cleavage
than I did as she sat on my lap.

As I watching, an Elvira wannabe sat sidesaddle on my lap with a drink
for me. Her costume was definitely lycra and left little to the imagination.
A size 5 at best.  She made sure she made little back and forth rocking
motions with her hips as she sat on my lap.  As she looked at me I
could tell she knew she was having an influence on my penis, as well as
the rest of me. She asked if my keeper was coming back or if she could
play with me for a while as her tongue found its way into my ear. She continued
to roll her hips and smile at my predicament. Just as fast she got up and
left. Men and women alike had stopped and stared at me before. I was so
aroused I hoped none did right now. My wife came back with another round.
She sat staring at me straddling me. I thought I would lose my mind. I
wanted to rub my penis against her so badly against her leather-clad body!
Or anything, it was madness! She knew it and threw her head back and laughed,
leaving me stare at her cleavage and throat. It didn’t help. I could think
with nothing but my hormones. All I could do was moan into the gag.

“Should I go dance more for you? Maybe your friend will come back and
play with you some more.” The next thing I saw was Elvira lean next to
my wife’s neck and lick and then whisper something in her ear. “Oh God!
NOOO!” was I could think. Next thing I knew ropes were taken off my legs
and chest. The strap on my ankles was released. I was leashed and led to
a support post in the bar. The strap and ropes were again fastened. My
wife and Elvira proceeded to dance in front of me, ending in a slow dance
where they embraced each other and then wrapped themselves around me. The
contact of the legs, lycra, flesh and leather as well as the sensations
of a few well placed tongues and bites had me struggling so hard I thought
I would die if not released. Elvira and my wife touched tongues and my
wife went to get another round. Elvira stood behind me massaging my buns
and gave me her phone number and told me to look her up when I could get
free. She sucked on my neck, and left.

Like I could remember her number. Actually, I repeated it to myself
like a mantra in case I ever made it out of this sane.

My wife strutted her way back. "Oh, your playmate left. Too bad--she
could have made our night very interesting. Finish your drink and I will
mine. Then I think it is time to leave, before you get into more trouble."
She dribbled some of my drink around the edges of my gag. Eventually it
was gone.

I was unfastened from the post and the leash again applied to me. 
I had to walk behind my wife again, watching what very high heels does
to her normally slow and sensuous stride. It was definitely erotic hell
of the finest kind. The drive home was uneventful.

After getting home I was somewhat calmed down and I knew I would get
a chance to relieve myself soon.

"Well, I bet you can't wait to get out and have an orgasm at this point,"
my wife said. I rolled my eyes and whined. "Better get yourself loose then,"
she said. "You know where the keys are." I'll give you a half an hour,
otherwise I will have to find a way to have you earn your freedom. I've
seen your self-bondage notes. See how good you are at getting loose for
me. TRY HARD and I might be nice. I'll even help you to the floor." With
that she pushed me over into a chair and then lowered me to the floor.

"Have fun, I am going to watch until I am bored and take care of myself."
I struggled like a madman, moving across the floor pulling my arms this
way and that trying to get enough movement to at least stretch my arms
to the buckles.  I was screwed. There was no way to get any movement
from this locked canvas enclosure. I rolled over to see my wife lowering
her pants and start fingering herself. I went nuts. I couldn't move and
her she was masturbating in front of me. I thought my penis couldn't get
bigger. Was I wrong!!!!

I crawled near her legs and tried to rub my gagged mouth across her
face. Next thing I know she reached over and removed my gag. The best I
could do was lick her feet and ankles and that I did. She in no way ever
made it seem as though she was going to give me any more mercy. I saw her
hips arch as she came. She rubbed her hands all over my mouth and face.
The smell was amazing. The next thing she did was replace the gag, not locked this time. I
rolled on my back in despair and moaned. "I am getting a bath, come join
me," she said.

She left the room and I was just beside myself. If I could masturbate
by friction I could. The crotch strap and my homemade contraption kept
me from doing anything. Struggle I did, but to no avail. The lights had
been turned off when my wife left the room, but I could tell she was returning
by the smell of her bath oils. She stood over me wearing nothing. Moan.

"There is one way you can get free and that is to bring me to orgasm.
Can you do that?" I tried to say "if I was loose I could", but it sounded
more like "ifIoooossIIIooo". Great. There is one chance here. She loosened
my gag and turned it around. Then she lowered herself on it. She knows
I love looking at her ass and that is the way she mounted me. She buried
me under her mound and began to use the gag as a male appendage. Again
I was useless and the smell was overwhelming. I thought she  might
never come when she shuddered and relaxed, still mounted above me. I had
a divine view of her backside, but I was worn out.

She slowly raised herself, rolled me over and undid the locks. She loosened
the straps somewhat and said she was going to bed. I was on my own. At
least I had some arm movement. After two or three hours I finally got enough
play to get a shoulder out. Another while and my arm came loose. Then the
rest of me got loose. Finally, I could masturbate. The bathtub was waiting
for me. My muscles were sore.

As I crawled into bed, my wife rolled over, gave a huge hug and said
in a sleepy voice, "I love you. I enjoyed this more than I thought. I can't
wait until your birthday. I have another surprise for you."

My god, that was two weeks away. I know I had created a monster. And
I can't wait.

31.10.07 (originally posted 27.10.03)
