---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/leather_lace9.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Leather & Lace
authors:
- The White Knight
tags:
- n/a
---

(story continues from [**Leather & Lace**](leather_lace8.html))_

_\*
Leather & Lace
Chapter 9 – First
Date: Bondage Challenge – Part I
By the White Knight_

_Greg drove us over to the best hotel in the area, a Marriott. 
We rode the elevator to the 20th and top floor.  The room he led me
into was not just a room but also a suite.   There was a living
room with a dry bar, the bedroom and a huge marble encrusted bathroom._

_As he showed me around I kept waiting for him to show me what he had
lined up... in the way of bondage.  ‘So where do I get tied up first?’,
I asked, to excited to let the little drama unfold by itself.  He
smiled at me and placed his hands lightly on my shoulders. ‘That my dear
is a question to which first you must answer another question.’  I
looked at him quizzically.  ‘I have left this evening very open ended. 
We can either enjoy it as the special night that it is, that is just jump
in the sack and have fun.... or we could do some experimenting in bondage. 
I promise you there will be plenty of physical pleasure, for both of us,
in either case.  So what would you like to do?’_

_I hate questions like this. I didn’t want to sound like some bimbo bondage
groupie that he had told me of from his days as a film maker, but truth
be told that is exactly what I felt like.  I wanted to be tied-up
and given those unbelievable orgasms that I had come to associate with
bondage.  But, what if this was another one of his little test and
he wanted me to chose ‘the romp in the hay’?  Good, God, what do I
do know.  I shifted from foot to foot frowning, but not knowing how
to get my point across.  Unconsciously (or consciously, I’m not sure)
I crossed my arms at the wrist and held them together as if bound in front
of me._

_Picking up on my movements, he grinned mischievously and asked, ‘So
you would like to make our evening out a bondage experience.’  My
face split into a beaming smile of pure sunshine. ‘Ohhhh, yes master.’,
I cried out softly.   His chuckle split the air.  ‘Can you
say that again.’?  Without waiting for me to reply he continued. 
‘You know you sounded just like Barbara Eden from ‘I Dream of Genie’ when
you said that.  Well, all I can say dear lady, is that if Genie was
half the woman you are, Major Nelson was probably a very happy man.’_

_I looked down towards the floor and asked hesitantly, ‘You’re not disappointed,
with me are you, master?’  He laughed and gave me a hug.  My
head rested contentedly against his strong chest.  ‘Sharon, I just
want you to realize that you always have a choice.  Having said that
though, the one thing that you will never have to beg for in this relationship
is bondage!’  I sighed happily.  ‘I want you in everyway a woman
can want a man, but your special Greg...  You can led me into a world
that I’ve only touched on and to tell you the truth... I’m a little scared,
but mostly I am fascinated by it.’  The glow in my face dimmed, ‘But
if you didn’t bring any of your gear... well, what will we do?’_

_Greg looked around the room.  He walked back into each of the rooms,
paying special attention to the bathroom.  ‘Fear not Lady Sharon,
I believe that I can provide you with at least three more than adequate
bondage opportunities with just the ingredients found in these rooms.’ 
I looked at him skeptically and then glanced around the suite.  ‘I
find that pretty hard to believe’ I finally countered_

_‘Ahhh, I sense a challenge here’, remarked Greg.  ‘Ah ha, Wastson
the game is a foot.  First, I have promised you three suspenseful
bondage situations.  You will have to be the judge on whether or not
they satisfy you, but if I think that you are sandbagging me, I will request
a third party hearing.’  I frowned at him not understanding what he
meant.  ‘What are you going to do... bring in the bell hop and ask
his opinion?’ I sarcastically.  He remained silent for a moment and
then replied, ‘An interesting thought, Princess, but I was thinking that
we would explain the situation to an independent third party, like Cassy,
and she will have the final say.  That is if we disagree.’  I
shook my head, ‘No way not Cassy.  She’s your step-mom for God’s sake. 
Lucinda will be the tie breaker.’  Greg nodded his head in agreement.
‘Done’, he cried._

_‘Now what do I get if I win?’, he asked me.  I wrapped my arms
around his neck, peered up into his eyes and said huskily, ‘What would
you like as your prize, oh lord and master?’  He paused considering
for a minute and replied, ‘Blow jobs to wake me up for the first week,
rather than an alarm clock.’  I looked at him questioningly, ‘First
week of what?’, I asked.  He smiled and wrapped his own arms around
my middle, ‘Why the first week that we live together of course.’ 
He gave me a wink and one of those wry chuckles. It took a minute for that
one to sink in.  ‘So were moving in together?’, I asked._

_‘But, of course, my dear’, he smiled down upon me.  ‘We live together
for three to six months.  Then a pleasant engagement and finally married
in twelve to eighteen months.  Or however long it takes for our parents
to put together an appropriate wedding.  Sorry, can’t tell you when
I’ll ask you to marry me... that would be bad form all ‘round.’_

_I looked up at him stunned.  My mouth gapped open.  Shaking
my head to clear it I asked, ‘and just when did you decide all of this,
oh masterful one?’  He wasn’t fazed by my sarcasm in the least. 
‘During our first night together when we were in the hot tub, I realized
right then and there that you were what I had been looking for these past
couple of years.  And despite the fact that I am acting like an out
of control bulldozer... I really want you in my life.’  He paused
and said softly, ‘Besides, you’ll have the time that we live together to
really decide if you want to be my wife.  When the time comes you
can always say... no.’ He said the last part so softly, that I could tell
it hurt him to even think that I might one day give him that answer._

_I hugged him so hard that I thought we would both fall over, but somehow
we maintained our balance.  When I finally loosened my grip, he said,
‘Wow.  If that’s what you do when your happy, I would hate to be on
the receiving side of your anger.’  He laughed at his own humor, something
else that I was becoming accustomed to.  ‘Now what would you like
if you win?’ he queried me.  Or perhaps you need more time to think
it over.’  I shook my head from side to side.  ‘No, I know exactly
what I want.’   He smiled and looked at me expectantly. 
‘I want to be able to the final say in one of our decisions.  I’m
talking about our normal lives.  For example, when we look for an
apartment you may want to live in the city and I want to live in the suburbs. 
I promise you that I would do my best to compromise, but whatever I finally
agree to you have to agree to also.’   Greg frowned.  ‘I’m
not sure that I like this, but I’ll try anything once.  Alright your
on!’_

_His face lit into a smile and I responded in kind.  ‘OK, then and
away we go’, he said spryly as he hurried towards the bathroom.  He
returned with a king size bath towel.  To my amazement he opened a
tiny pocketknife, like those you use to cut of the ends off of cigars,
and made a cut in the fluffy fabric.  Then he ripped downward along
its entire length until he had a piece of material about one to two inches
wide and five feet long.  His grin knew no bounds as he handed me
the first strip.  Wrapping the soft terry material around my hands
I pulled against the strip with all of my strength.  With the exception
of making my knuckles red, I achieved nothing.  I nodded my head towards
him acknowledging the towels restraining capabilities._

_As he placed the fifth strip in my hands, I said, ‘All right I’ll admit
you can you can tie me up with this stuff.  But, I am looking for
three very different bondage experiences.  Most of all they have to
be exciting!’  Greg acted out being hit by some imaginary weapon. 
‘You wound me, madam.  How could you expect anything less of the all
famous Gregory!’  Putting my fingertips to my lips in mock horror,
playing along with his mood, I responded, ‘Oh no, my lord.  That was
never my intention.’  I paused and gave him a wicked grin.  ‘Where
would you like to immobilize me, my lord?  Or is there anything else
you would desire....  oh master.’  I ended with a breathy sigh._

_‘To the bed, you... you... temptress you’, he cried waving the terry
straps at me that he had gently removed form my fingers.  I scurried
over and sat on the end of the bed.  The maid service had already
removed the heavy coverlet leaving only the turned down sheets and blankets. 
‘On your stomach harlot, into the middle of the bed with you and place
your hands behind your back.’  I had already been hogtied, so I had
a pretty good idea of what he required of me.  Sliding into the middle
of the bed I turned over onto my stomach and crossed my wrists behind my
back._

_‘Now we are going to see just how flexible you are you little vixen’,
he leered.  With that he grabbed my right ankle and bent it back until
it reached my reached my thigh.  I winced a little at his roughness,
but soaked up the wild experience of losing my freedom.  Expertly
he bound my ankles to my thighs.  I found it uncomfortable, but not
painful.   Soon I felt him fiddling with my shoes.  ‘Tsk.
Tsk. Tsk.  We can’t be having this,’ he said.  ‘You are falling
out of your shoes!  And, as Dad has by now taught you, high heels
used wisely are a bondage onto themselves.’  I felt him wrap more
of the strips around my instep and the sole of my shoes, pushing my foot
tightly into highly arched soles.  Finally these bonds were tied to
each legs separate ankle-to-thigh binding._

_My wrists were tied in a new way, side by side horizontally to my body. 
Then with a couple more of the slices of terry cloth he formed a halter
around my shoulders to which he attached my wrists.  I winced again,
as they were pulled further up my back.  I bit my lip until he finally
was satisfied.  Taking a deep breath I did my best to get used to
the painful pressure, which was being exerted on my shoulder muscles. 
I tried twisting my wrists in their bindings and shifting my arms into
the limited different positions available, none of which helped alleviate
the throbbing pain.  Then an interesting thing happened.  Once
that I had given up on changing the pain to something less stressful, the
pain receded to a dull ache.  It was sort of like if I just accepted
it, the worst of it went away._

_I felt his weight leave the bed for a few minutes, but he returned quickly. 
Just as I was getting used to this new bondage position he began to spread
my legs apart.  My dress had obviously ridden mid-way up my rump as
I felt him kneading my milky moons.  ‘Oh my what a pretty little pussy
you have here girl’, he rumbled as his fingers moved to my love mound. 
I was already extremely excited and my juices greased his way into me. 
Slowly he began pumping his hand in and out of me.  Sliding two and
then three fingers into my hungry lower lips.  I moaned in desire
as he continued to finger me.  Each stroke of his arm forward buried
more and more of his hand deep into my cunt.  One finger, two... three
four.... My poor cunny was stretched widely about his hand as now he pressed
all of his pyramid formed digits into me.  Jesus, he was trying to
get his whole hand into me!  The pressure was becoming intense. 
The battle within me between pain and ecstasy was raging like wild fire. 
God, it felt so good and yet at the same time I felt like I was going to
be ripped apart.  I groaned as he penetrated me further and further.  
‘Oh, yeah... baby, ...do it to me.  This... is... so.... good!’ 
I could feel a tidal wave building within me.  ‘Oh, lord.... yes!’ 
Just as I was nearing the peak, his hand slipped from within me. 
‘Oh, please lord.... please have mercy on your bound slave girl.... pleaaase,
let me have my release.’_

_I shifted and tossed about, but in no way could I stimulate myself. 
I smiled as I felt the first touch upon my tender lips.  For some
reason he was spreading them with the tips of his fingers.  Then I
felt it.  It was cold.   Hard and ice cold.  ‘What’s
that’, I cried in dismay.  The hard coldness was being pressed into
my slick opening.  I shuddered and tried to close my legs, earning
a quick slap to my butt.  ‘Behave.  It’s just a coke bottle’,
Greg said sarcastically.   I could feel him pushing the cold
plastic into me.  ‘God, Greg, what are you doing?’, I demanded. 
That earned me any even harder rap on the ass.  ‘Slaves are supposed
to be seen and not heard’ he intoned.  ‘But, in answer to your question,
I am going to put this coke bottle into your love box.’  I gasped
for air and opened my mouth to protest.  Another slap, made me think
twice.  ‘Relax’, he said.  ‘It’s only a twelve ounce bottle’. 
The ribbed cap had already passed easily into me.  With a twist and
a push the thick middle of the bottle slid half way into me.  ‘Oooofffff’,
I moaned.  ‘Oh, God and I thought your hand was bad.’  I moaned
again and complained, ‘God, you splitting me apart!’  With another
heaving push the bottle slid even further into me._

_‘Oh, you are a trying slave girl.  One definitely in need of discipline’,
he stated.  ‘I only have available to me so many things in this room,
so I had to make do.  I must say it worked out well. 
With only the thicker part of the bottom not in you, it looks like
your cunt is swallowing the bottle trying to drink the soda.  I wish
I had a camera... this would open up a whole new avenue of advertising!’ 
He laughed at his own joke.  ‘Besides you didn’t expect me to leave
you bound like this without something left to agitate your sex, did you?’
he asked.  What was he talking about?  ‘What do you mean leave
me?’, I asked incredulously.  Without answering my question he took
another piece of the towel and thrust it between my teeth.  He had
placed a largish knot in the middle, which took the place of the ball part
of the gags that I was becoming used to.  I yelled into my gag. 
Trying to demand that he answer me._

_I glared at him as he sat besides my head and picked up the phone. 
‘Yes, room service, I would like a bottle of your best champagne sent up
to twenty-oh-two’, he said.  The phone buzzed with a response. 
‘Yes, yes that will be fine.  I’ll be out of my room for a bit, just
tell the bellman to leave it in the bedroom.  The tip will be on the
bed.’  As he hung up the phone, I found that I couldn’t move. 
I was totally in shock.  He was going to leave me alone trussed up
like a bird waiting to be baked, with a coke bottle sticking from my honey
pot for some bellman to find!  I couldn’t believe it.... this couldn’t
be happening._

_Before I could even gather my wits to form a complaint I felt the bedspread
being pulled over me.  He used it to entirely cover both the bed and
me.  Then I heard some rustling of paper.  ‘I’m leaving five
dollars at the foot of the bed.  If I were you I wouldn’t do anything
to attract attention to myself when that bellmen gets here.’_

_With that he left the room.  Finally my voice returned and I screamed
and damned him through my gag. I pulled futilely at my bonds.  Then
looked around me desperately.  Good, Lord, my body was forming a tent
of the coverlet!  It had to look like just what it was from the outside...
a bedspread covering a bound human form!  Shit!_

_It soon became hot under the covers.  Little beads of perspiration
rolled down my forehead and cheeks.  I couldn’t tell if the sweat
was from my fear, the heat or a combination of the two.  My mouth
felt like a desert, it was so dry.  Unlike the rubber ball gags the
terry absorbed all of my mouths moisture like a dry sponge._

_Everything was becoming more and more intense.  I could hear my
heart quickly beating in my ear, which was pressed against the mattress. 
My shoulders and legs ached form the strain imposed upon them by their
restraints.  Even my feet felt cramped and pinched within my tightly
bound heels.  God, where was Greg going?  What was taking the
bellman so long?  It seemed to me like hours rather than minutes had
passed._

_‘Brrrringgggg’ the bell to the room rang.  Then there was a knock
on the door and I heard it opening.  ‘Hello.  Your champagne
is here.... hello?’  Getting no response I heard a cart pushed in
my direction.  I held my breath and tried desperately not to move
a muscle.  I heard the bellman whistling and glasses clinking as he
set everything up.  ‘POP’ the sound of the bottle opening startled
me and I twitched under the covers.  ‘Huhn’, I heard the waiter mumble. 
‘Ummm, excuse me is there anyone here?’  I closed my eyes and didn’t
move another muscle.  I could feel his eyes boring into the bed. 
He had to be wondering what was under the rumpled covers.  He was
probably wondering if he could get away with peeking underneath them.  
I was sure that he was edging towards the bed....   I almost
screamed as I felt his hand lit upon the bedspread..._

_‘Hey, thanks a lot’, he cried to the room at large as I heard a rustling
of paper money.  Whistling once more I heard him close the door as
he left the suite.  My breath exploded from my body as I gasped for
air.  I hadn’t realized it at the time, but I must have been holding
my breath almost the entire time.  Oh God, Oh God.... I kept moaning
to myself.  I was rocking from side to side, like a little girl trying
to comfort herself.  The fear of discovery... the shock of my jumping
to the pop of the cork... and now the relief of knowing once again I was
safe.  ‘Ohhhhhh God... ‘, I moaned again, this time due to the unbelievable
pressure of an orgasm that was building up within me.  It took me
by surprise, but the release from my terror and the effect of the rocking
on the coke bottle were having a wonderful effect on me.  My sex was
burning with desire.  I began to scissor my legs open and closed,
not an easy task, but my need pushed me beyond normal strength.  I
could feel the smooth plastic rubbing against my inner walls.  My
leg movements were pushing the pseudo dildo marginally into and out of
my hungry cavern.  ‘Ohhhhhh YEAH’, I yelled into my gag as the waves
cascaded over me.  Over and over and over.  God, how can he continue
to find ways to make my orgasms even more and more intense, I wondered
as the warm after glow began to settle upon me.  I lounged contentedly
in my bonds, now enjoying everything in the whole world._

_Greg returned shortly afterwards and promptly removed my gag and pulled
out the coke bottle.  ‘Ahhhh’, I groaned in relief, as my stretched
cunny was able to relax to normal size.  ‘That was the most horrifying
thing that has ever happened to me.’  I paused looking up at his smiling
face.  ‘But, Good Lord, you are good’, I moaned as I stretched within
my bindings.  Greg wrapped the slippery coke bottle in a linen napkin
as I spoke.  ‘Yes’, he answered.  ‘I can see that I was even
better than I expected.’  For whatever reason, I blushed at that statement._

_‘God, I was so scared that the bellman was going to lift that bedspread
at any moment...’ then I told him the rest of my story in a gush of unrelated
thoughts and feelings.  Greg continued to smile at me as he sat next
to my head and looked down upon my bound form.  I could see his eyes
looking over my entire body as I spoke.  His fingers caressingly combed
through the hair at the top of my head.  Strangely it made me feel
good.  Like a fashion model being appreciated for the way she walks
down the runway._

_‘Just what would you have said, pray tell, if the bellman had found
you and removed your gag?’, He asked with a chuckle.  I had to think
about that one.  It’s funny but up until now I hadn’t thought of saying
anything.  Hell, I was bound and gagged with a coke in my twat. 
What could I say?  Could I borrow your bottle opener?  ‘I guess
that I would have told him that my boyfriend had gotten kinky on me...
but, to leave me as I was.  I’d try to make him believe that this
was a one time thing, that I loved you enough to let it pass and hopefully
get it out of your system’, I finally answered.  ‘You see you weren’t
entirely helpless’, Greg said.  ‘He might have gotten an eyeful and
had a great story to tell his friends, but that was about the extent of
your danger.’  I thought about it and how I had felt so frightened
about being discovered... ‘But, he would have seen me like this’, I tossed
my head from side to side trying to encompass my entire body with the motion. 
‘Yes, he would have.  Would that have been so terrible?’, he asked
calmly.  My mouth opened, but no words would come out.  ‘Wha...
Wha... What are you trying to say, that I would like someone else seeing
me like this?’, I asked incredulously.  Looking at me seriously he
answered, ‘I don’t know.  You have to answer that question for yourself.’ 
He paused and we just looked into each other’s eyes.  Both silently
questioning the others motives.  ‘What do you really like about bondage?’,
he finally asked._

_Ah, so this is what he was leading up to.  God, this man was hard
to please.  He wants to marry me, but at the same time he questions
my motives for loving what he obviously loves at every turn.  That’s
OK, though, he’s been burned before and he’s scared of me doing the same
thing to him.  Sooner or latter he will understand that he doesn’t
have to worry._

_‘It all very new to me’, I responded openly.  ‘I’m not sure about
everything that I like and don’t like yet, but I do know this:  I
like being bound here before you.  Despite all of the physical discomforts,
there is something immensely satisfying in being helpless and totally dependent
upon you... my loving master.’  I smiled at him and he leaned down
and gave me a soft tender kiss.  ‘What do you like about bondage?’
I countered him softly._

_‘Similar to you, I most like having you helpless before me’, he responded
equally softly.  One of his hands began to trace my bound limbs. 
‘I love looking at the almost mathematical symmetry of your bound form.  
Hmmm, yes’, he sighed.  ‘You my dear are undoubtedly a beautiful woman,
but when you have given yourself to me so completely and when you are bound
so wondrously... well, to me it makes you the most exciting women in the
world!’  He sighed once more.  ‘In all honesty, looking at you
dressed so provocatively and bound so makes me hotter than I can tell you. 
I have to constantly restrain myself so that I don’t just give into my
impulses and screw you wildly as soon as I see you.’  He paused again;
I said nothing because I realized he was baring part of his sole to me. 
‘Princess, every time I think of you I want you.  Every time I look
at you I desperately want you and every time your bound before me I can
barely control myself...’ He hung his head, as if in shame._

_I didn’t see the problem he seemed to be facing within himself. 
Quietly I asked, ‘That’s lovely honey, but truly I don’t see your dilemma.’ 
His face-hardened and he rasped back at me, ‘I’m the master, I am always
supposed to be in control!’  I felt like laughing out loud. 
Now I know Zippo about being a master, but I had read my share of romance
novels and my honey fit right into the classic mold.  ‘Master’, I
said softly.  ‘You are always in control.  I have no desire,
or will, to take that from you.’  I paused trying to figure how to
frame the rest of my assurance.  ‘From my point of view, what you
are saying isn’t a problem, but something wonderful.’  He raised his
head and his eyes looked at me probingly.  ‘That your desire for me
could drive such a strong man to distraction, must assuredly mean that
he loves me.  I can’t think of any nicer compliment that you could
pay your, oh so contented slave.’  He smiled at my wink and his dark
mood seemed to break._

_He looked up at the ceiling and said, ‘God, whatever I did to deserve
this incredible woman, please tell me and I will promise to do more.’ 
Looking to me.  ‘You know that you are incredible, don’t you?’ 
I smiled and did my best to shrug my shoulders, ‘I find it hard to believe,
but I love it when you tell me so!’  He rolled me unto my side as
his lips found mine.  I pulled a bit at my bound arms, despite knowing
better, I just really wanted to hold him.  His kisses became more
and more passionate as his hands explored the tightly stretched material
covering my breasts.    One hand slid gently down my side
until it reached the strip of towel binding ankle to thigh.  He traced
the indent caused in my flesh by the very secure bonds, with his sensual
digits.  Both of our breathings had increased.  God, I wanted
him.  I wanted him now.  I wanted him exploding in me.... NOW! 
Like telepathy he seemed to know, what I wanted.  But rather than
complete the act, his kisses began to slow and his hands moved behind my
head.  With a last few kisses he broke off our embrace and cupping
my head looked deeply into my eyes.  ‘I love you Princess’, he said
simply.  ‘I love you Master’, I responded softly.  We smiled
at each other.  Life was good._

_Leather & Lace
continues in
[Chapter
10 – First Date: Bondage Challenge – Part II](leather_lace10.html)

16/01/02

story continues in [**Leather & Lace**](leather_lace10.html)

o0o
