---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Initiation 6
authors:
- Jezziebelle
tags:
- M-f
- D-s
- bond
- public
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**The Initiation 5**](initiation5.html))

**AMY**

The last night of our holiday, neither of us could have predicted how things
would turn out.

Rob stands me in front of him, naked, fresh from my bath, hair done up on top
of my head and ready to get dressed for the evening of cocktails and dancing
he’s promised me. I turn a questioning glance his way, but he just smiles back
at me in that enigmatic way he’s mastered so well. I sense this evening is not
going to be as straightforward as I had thought.

On the bed, I’ve laid out my dress and underwear for the night. I watch as
he picks up my bra and knickers and carefully puts them back into the drawer.
Then, with deliberate movements, he opens a bag and pours the contents out onto
the bed.

Slithering out comes yard after yard of thin, white rope.

I shiver, bite my lip, and stare. He steps towards me, rope in hand, noticing
the expression on my face and giving me a reassuring kiss.

‘Nobody knows us here,’ he says, positioning my arms with my fingers
laced together on top of my head, so they’re out of the way. ‘I want to take
you out, all sophisticated and demure on the outside, and my sex toy
underneath.’ His words affect me as much as the rope that he’s now looping
around my chest, beneath my breasts which have been lifted by the position of my
arms. After several loops, he ties it off in the centre of my back and winds it
again around my chest, this time above my breasts, squeezing them tight at their
bases. My breathing is constricted into that now-familiar sensation of having
the ropes squeeze me hard whenever I breathe in. I breathe more shallowly, which
sounds like a gentle, erotic pant. As he cinches the horizontal bands of rope
together in between and at either sides of my breasts, they stand out in
sensitive globes, nipples painfully tight.

He gently pulls my arms down to my sides, and kisses me on parted lips as I
sigh. Then he runs rope across each shoulder, forming the straps of the rope bra
he’s creating around me. My dress will hide it all.

I know I have a long evening ahead of me, so I try to remain cool and
collected, but the embrace of the ropes round my body is intoxicating. I hold on
to the bedstead, breathing shallowly, as Rob slides something into me, something
small, hard and cold in the shape of an egg. It lodges deep within me and forms
a hard core of promise inside me.

‘Rob,’ I whisper, ‘I can’t take this for long,’ but he shushes me
and kisses the back of my neck.

‘Have patience,’ he murmurs into my ear. ‘It’ll be worth the wait.’

I groan as he then slides something cold and slippery across my bottom, and
starts to push another object deep inside me. It has a narrow neck, so when it
pops inside with only the base protruding, I find I cannot squeeze it out again.

Instinctively, I move my right hand to my twitching clitoris but Rob catches
it and chides me silently. I have to make do with a long, deep kiss and the feel
of his hands running over my rope-scored skin.

He’s not finished with the rope. He runs four long lengths down from the
ropes around my chest, two in front, two at the back, even spaced around my
body. Then he laces them tightly down towards my hips, looping them around each
other and pulling so a diamond pattern is traced out all around my waist and
back. The rope corset digs in just on the uncomfortable side of pleasurable, and
I feel like he’s claiming me, inch by inch.

He finishes by running the ropes between my legs, and tying them tightly off.
My body restrained from all directions, but my limbs free, I run my fingers over
the ropes that bind me, and close my eyes. The crotch ropes press firmly into
me, and move with every movement I make.

He hands me a light jumble of material. When I open it out, I find it’s a
very fine slip, with thin straps, made from a black, lace stretchy fabric. As I
step into it, I find it comes to mid thigh, clings to my skin, and curves
seductively round my breasts.

I move to the mirror, gazing at how the flimsy garment only half covers the
flesh and rope beneath. Rob stands behind me, his hands on my hips, his erection
pressing against me through his trousers. My bound breasts swell beneath the
material, nipples an infinitesimally darker shade of skin glowing through the
lace. The tracks of the ropes round my chest, stomach and back are just visible.

‘Put your dress on over the top,’ he says, ‘and the rope should be
invisible.’

I do as he asks, pulling my elegant black silk dress over the top and
stepping into my heels. He’s right. From the outside, everything looks normal.

We kiss, then with a grin he picks up his jacket and leads me out to the car.
I follow, feeling the rope tighten round my body and the objects inside me
moving invitingly around.

Positively twitching with arousal, I get into the car thinking that it will
be a long time till I get any kind of relief. Rob sits beside me, holding the
key to my predicament – he inserts it into the ignition, and pulls away from
our holiday home and, I think, any chance of an orgasm till we return. Impatient
by nature, I realise Rob has found the ideal torture for me.

Twenty minutes later, Rob pulls up outside a small, low key club which
advertises cocktails and dancing, just as promised. We haven’t been here
before, but we’ve heard good things about it. I climb from the car, nipples
tight in the cool of the evening, breasts aching from sensation in their
bondage. This is the first time we’ve gone public, even hidden under clothing,
and an unaccustomed exhibitionist thrill is confusing and delighting me. Taking
Rob’s arm, I walk with him into the club, more conscious than ever of the eyes
turning towards us as we enter.

‘You’re causing quite a stir,’ comments Rob, not without a hint of
pride, as I lower my eyes in embarrassment and take a seat at a corner table in
the intimately lit interior of the club. ‘Every man and woman in this room can
see the arousal in your eyes.’ He’s teasing me, I know, but still I squirm
in my seat, feeling my muscles contract around the objects inside me.

‘Would you get the drinks?’ he asks, and the look in his eye tells me
that’s an order, not a polite request. I stand reluctantly, smoothing my dress
nervously before I head for the bar, eyes straight ahead.

I’m half way across the room when the vibrations hit. Suddenly, deep within
me, the hard egg springs into life and sends a strong judder through my body.
After only five seconds, it stops. Unable to help myself, I gasp, and stumble a
little, aware of the heads turning in my direction as I try to stand up straight
again and continue the seemingly endless journey to the bar.

I reach the bar with no further assaults, and hold in tight to the polished
wooden surface, feeling dizzy. The barman looks at me like he knows my every
secret, and produces a bottle of wine and two glasses with a friendly flourish.
I smile vaguely at him, still in shock. Rob must have some kind of remote
control for the vibrator inside me. I picture him watching me walk away from
him, waiting for the right moment to flick the switch, seeing me stumble as it
hits.

As I turn to walk back to him, I can see his dark eyes glinting from across
the room. I try to walk sedately, but the urge to hurry is strong. His
expression is daring me to fail in this test of my composure. When he flicks the
switch again, I’m more prepared than before, but being able to look into his
eyes as he stimulates me in public makes the experience even more intense.

I place the wine and glasses safely on the table and sit down jerkily. He
slides an arm around me, kisses my cheek and pours the wine.

‘Thank you, darling,’ he says, as if everything is normal.

All evening he tortures me with the device. The club is a friendly place,
relaxed and intimate with a band playing funky numbers in one corner, and soon a
couple has joined us at our table, wondering at our English accents, sharing
enjoyable small talk. The vibrator hums on its lowest setting from the moment
they sit down to the moment they move on to join friends. I fix a glassy smile
on my face, cross my legs hard and struggle to keep my head above water.

When we dance, in each other’s arms to a slow waltz, the objects move
inside me, the crotch rope rubs me hard, and I keep nearly missing my footing.

‘Are you having a good time?’ Rob enquires as we sway round the dance
floor, him supporting me more than usual because my legs are weak.

‘You’re evil,’ I murmur back. ‘Please take me home and fuck me.’

He runs a hand down my back and traces the ropes beneath my dress. ‘Not
just yet,’ he replies. ‘Be patient.’

I groan, impatiently. I’d go down on all fours now and let him take me. He
knows this, and uses my desire against me to drive me even higher.

As the music stops and we start to walk back to our table, a man in a dinner
jacket runs to a small stage in the centre of the dance floor and holds a
microphone up to his mouth. As we sit down, he begins.

‘Ladies and gentleman, as those of you who grace us with your presence
regularly will know, the first of the month is competition night.’

Rob and I look at each other, and wonder what is about to happen. I assume a
dance contest, or maybe karaoke.

The regulars are calling out and clapping, clearly pleased at the prospect of
the entertainment. The compere continues.

‘Tonight, we have a celebration of the female form.’ Whoops from the
audience. ‘A fine art form that combines skill, beauty, and, let’s face it,
usually not a lot of clothing. Bring on the pole!’

From the corner of the room, a long metal pole is fetched, and the bar staff
fix it to floor and ceiling vertically. There’s a lot of laughter, and people
teasing their friends. Clearly the competition is usually run for laughs rather
than prizes.

The compere slaps the pole with his hand, and gazes out at the gathered
guests.

‘So, which lovely lady will entertain us first? Come on, no need to be shy.
Gentleman, wouldn’t you like to see what your ladies can do for you?’

The whole thing is decidedly tongue in cheek, and it’s causing great
hilarity. Women all over the room are shaking their heads, or pushing their
friends towards the stage. More alcohol is needed before anyone volunteers.

The compere calls again for someone to get the party started. I’m sitting
close to Rob, hoping to hide behind him.

‘Amy will,’ says Rob in a loud and confident tone. I jump and stare at
him in disbelief, but he’s for real. He’s pushing me to my feet, gesturing
to the stage. A swivel light lands on me as I hesitate, paralysed by the public
attention.

‘And let’s have a round of applause for Amy!’ calls the compare, and
the smattering of clapping drives me forward to the stage, with many a glance
back at Rob. He is unrepentant, sitting back in his chair with his arms folded,
getting ready to enjoy the show.

As I slowly climb the three steps to the stage, the music starts: a low,
melodic pulsing tune. I can’t do this. I can’t do this, I mouth at Rob,
feeling as if some horrible dream has just leapt into my waking life. He just
gazes back at me, till I give in.

My heels ring on the wooden floor of the stage as I approach the pole.
There’s three lights pointing at me, obscuring my view of the audience. I
hesitate again, hearing impatient rustlings from the floor. I try a few
desultory, clumsy moves and stop in despair as a few jeers rise from the crowd.
They want an entertaining exhibitionist, unembarrassed and uninhibited, not a
nervous wreck like me.

From his seat, Rob reaches for the remote control and sets the vibrator
buzzing gently inside me.

Surrender does not have to be to ropes and gags. Tonight, I am surrendering
to a command. Slowly slipping into that place in my head, I step away from the
pole in a trance, reaching for the zip of my dress. The audience thinks I’m
giving up, and some people even start to boo. With the music pulsing in my head,
and the lights dazzling me, I let my dress fall to the floor and stand in full
view, scantily clad in the black lace slip that barely covers my bottom, the
white ropes gleaming subtly through the material.

I hear several gasps of surprise. I don’t think I’m supposed to be taking
this seriously, but I can’t help it.

I step back to the pole and grasp it in both hands, pulling myself towards
it, spinning around it, slipping it between my legs. The disgruntled boos turn
to louder cheers and shouts as I pull my hair free of its clasp and let it
tumble down around my shoulders, tossing and turning as I gyrate around the
pole, running my hands down my body, feeling the ropes under the thin material
and knowing everyone else can probably see them quite clearly. I’ve never done
this before, but the moves well up inside me, and my body writhes like a pro
whilst my astonished mind does back flips.

With a gasp, I tip my head back as Rob turns up the vibrator to its maximum.

I don’t have to act – I’m running on lust and the giddiness of
exhibition. I rub myself against the pole, eyes closed, biting my bottom lip,
then spin around it again, feeling the blood run to my head and send me even
higher. I’ve been so aroused all night, it doesn’t take much to push me to
the top. The music is picking up pace, and the audience are clapping and
staring. I’m in my own world, an existence confined to a three foot radius
from a vertical pole, bathed in light. I climax with my legs wrapped round the
pole, my body arching backwards, hands clutching the pole to stay upright; and I
realise later I’ve let fly a long, guttural orgasmic moan into the silence
that descends upon the audience.

They know what they’ve seen is real, and are in awe. It takes several
seconds for the ripples of whispers to rise into applause and shouts. I hurry to
the edge of the stage, pulling my dress on in double quick time, avoiding
everyone’s eyes. I’m still on fire, and as Rob finds me and ushers me
swiftly out of a back exit, his hand clamped tight on my arm, I know he is as
hot as me.

We’re in the open air, in the alley behind the club. The fire door closes
behind us as Rob lifts my skirt and manoeuvres the slippery egg out of me. Then
he presses me against the wall, holds my hands above my head and enters me,
hard, his hot skin burning against mine, the crotch rope pushed to either side.

I wrap my legs around him, opening to him fully, feeling his monumental
erection squeeze into me against the plug that’s still inside me. Breathing
hard, my chest expands against the ropes that wind around me; my swollen breasts
bump against his chest.

‘Jesus, Amy,’ he whispers hoarsely, ‘you came on stage with everyone
watching, strangers looking at your half naked, bound body…’ The repetition
of the words drives him even faster, and he shudders to climax inside me just as
I tip over too into orgasm.

Steam actually rises as we hold each other in the cool night air, never
wanting to let go.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

I always get nervous at customs. Maybe I have a naturally guilty conscience.
This time, I’m thankful that we’ve sent most of our purchases by post:
anything with metal components, or with a motor. A few items we stuffed in
amongst our luggage, but not many.

The end of the our holiday is now upon us, and I have a combination of
feelings – a warm glow of pleasant memories, anticipation of house hunting
when we get back, and that general miserable sensation of having to go back to
everyday life. Our holiday has certainly been, well, memorable…

I slip my hand into Rob’s and squeeze as we take a step forward in the
queue for the check-in desk for the London-bound flight. He glances down at me
and kisses my forehead.

American airport security being what it is, we have to pass through a variety
of stages before we can board the plane. After check-in, Rob is waved through
the metal detector and his bag is spared a random search. Safe in international
territory, he turns and looks back at me through the security barriers.

I step through the metal detector and hear no dreaded beeps. But out of the
corner of my eye, I see my case being picked up from the conveyor belt and a
uniformed guard is escorting me to one side.

With a despairing look at Rob, I am taken into a small room and shut in with
a female security guard.

I know this is all routine, but the gun she carries makes it scary
nonetheless. I stand nervously as she lifts my case onto a table in the centre
of the room, and explains about the random search. Of course, there’s nothing
illegal in there, but I’m half convinced she’s going to pull out a bag of
white powder at any minute…

I watch her as she roots through my clothes. She’s quite short and stocky,
with a no-nonsense face that looks like she’s seen far too many
fancily-dressed girls on holiday like me. Her uniform is stiff and unflattering,
but I notice a necklace that speaks of a hidden personality.

No bags of white powder emerge, of course. But as her hand grasps something
and starts to pull it out of the tangle of socks, I know immediately what
she’s found and a hot blush flashes onto my cheeks.

A coil of soft, red rope.

I stand silently, trying to look calm, wondering if I can pass it off as
climbing equipment. She raises expressionless eyes to mine, then resumes her
search, placing the incriminating evidence on the table top in full view of the
security cameras.

Last time I saw it, it was wrapped tightly around my arms and legs as I
kneeled before Rob, his cock in my mouth.

She’s looking with increased determination now, though why, I don’t know
– surely kinky items aren’t illegal? She raises her eyebrows as she
withdraws a squat butt plug and a roll of duct tape. I shift from foot to foot
and involuntarily squeeze my thighs together, cursing myself for becoming
aroused despite the excruciating embarrassment.

‘What was the purpose of your visit to the States?’ she asks in a flat
tone without looking at me. It must be a routine question.

‘Um, we were on holiday,’ I whisper, then clear my throat and repeat it.
By now, she’s looking at a small white square of card that she found between
the pages of a book.

This time, she lifts her eyes and looks at me squarely. I can practically see
the polaroid image of me – naked, entwined with rope, hanging from a beam in
our holiday home in what is clearly sexual exhaustion – reflected in her eyes.

For an instant, we share the same thoughts. As I shrug my shoulders in
embarrassed admission of my holiday activities, I see a faint flicker of a smile
touch her lips.

‘Lucky girl,’ she says briefly, and winks.

As I walk hurriedly away, clutching my handbag and wheeling my case, I see
Rob waiting impatiently for me. He notices the blush on my cheeks and my
flustered appearance.

‘Tell you later,’ I mutter, and we head for departures.

**ROB**

We have had an ace holiday and as we sit in silence on the way home, I leave
Amy to think and reminisce myself on the whole fortnight. I feel we have come on
so much and I now feel that I understand her a lot more than I did.

She is so sexy. The dance last night followed by the best sex in my life, and
then the soft cuddles we had in the bed back at the house had made me feel so in
love with my soon-to-be-wife that I determined to be the best master ever. The
only thing is I don’t actually know much about it and she seems to want to be
pushed until she breaks, which does worry me. How would we be if she does reach
the point of no return?

[Continued in Part 7](initiation7.html)

01.06.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!

story continues in [**The Initiation 7**](initiation7.html)

o0o
