---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/rubber_bondage_prisoner3.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Rubber Bondage Prisoner 3
authors:
- rbp818
tags:
- F/m
- D/s
- latex
- bond
- bdsm
- bodybag
- straitjacket
- cbt
- electroplay
- toys
- cons
- XX
date: 2004-01-01 00:00:00
---

**A visit by a very unfortunate rubber bondage prisoner to the Rubber
Bondage Centre at Fantasy Acre.**

**Chapter 7.**
**The prisoners Punishment is over, or is it.**

But cope I would have to because I was sure there would be no possibility
of being released until Mistress decided I had suffered enough, and so
far nothing she had done to me had been relaxed in any way. I felt I should
be grateful that my breathing was not restricted and she had fitted a drain
to me, but that was a minor relaxation in the overall severity of this
punishment Rubber Bondage. I had made the journey here to indulge my fetish
in Rubber Bondage but never did I imagine it would be as severe as this.
I should have realised when she saw the PVC suit I was wearing that everything
was done very seriously here, but I was totally unprepared for what had
happened so far and I could only vaguely imagine what the rest of my time
here was going to be like.

Somehow I slept, or at least I dozed, but always I was fully aware of
my totally helpless situation. I used the drain several times but I had
no idea of the passage of time. Hunger told me it must be well past breakfast
time but it could only have been a couple of hours since Mistress left
me in this severe Rubber Bondage, time had no meaning inside the silence
and the pitch darkness of the two Rubber Hoods. Eventually I felt the pressure
of the Rubber sheet being relaxed and slowly I was released from the Rubber
Body Bag and at last the gag was unbuckled and the Hood of the Rubber suit
was unzipped and I could once again see. The curtains were drawn across
the windows to allow my eyes to get accustomed to the light. In the dimness
I could see my Mistress dressed in a Shiny Black Rubber Dress, Black Rubber
Boots, Black Rubber Gloves and a Black leather half Mask covered the upper
part of her face.

“Time for my Rubber Bondage prisoner to be up and about” She said, “To
get the use back into your legs you can go for a walk up and down the garden.
While you are doing that I shall have some lunch, and afterwards, if you
have done your walk properly, you can have something eat as well. Remove
the drain bag, then put on this Rubber Hood, the Rubber Chest Waders and
the Black Rubber Mackintosh.” She pointed to the items of clothing lying
on the spare bed. “When you have dressed I’ll be back to take you into
the garden.”

She swished out of the room and I quickly removed the drain device,
which was in fact a close fitting Rubber sheath with a tube fitted into
the end and it was strapped around my cock and ball root. I put on the
Rubber Hood which I was surprised to discover had open eyes and an open
mouth. The Rubber Chest Waders were unlined and came up to my armpits,
and were held in place with straps and buckles across my shoulders, and
then the Rubber Mackintosh went on. It reached down to my ankles and the
closely spaced double row of buttons went right down to the bottom hem
of the Mackintosh.  I had barely fastened the last of the buttons
on the Rubber Mackintosh before Mistress came swishing back into the room.

“Good, but you are only partly ready for your walk.” She said with a
sly chuckle. “Just a few extra’s are needed to complete your walking out
dress.”

She picked up from the spare bed a pair of heavy steel manacles, which
She locked around each ankle and attached to each manacle were three lengths
of extremely heavy chain. She stood in front of me and slipped a Rubber
Gas Mask over my face and head. It had a full head and neck Rubber enclosure
fitted to it and Mistress closed the zip at the back. A manacle was fitted
around each arm just above the elbow and a strap was threaded through the
rings on the inside of the Manacles and was tightly buckled behind my back
making it impossible for me to move my arms away from my body. Next She
slipped over my shoulders a heavy Black Rubber Cape. She guided my hands
and forearms into two attached short sleeves with closed ends on them.
The cape reached down to my ankles and like the Rubber Mackintosh was closely
buttoned right down to the bottom. Next She picked up a pair of thick,
wide leather straps and fastened them tightly around my body over the Rubber
Cape above and below my arms. When She had finished my arms and hands encased
in the Rubber sleeves were held out horizontal and pointing forwards away
from my body. A pair of heavy Bondage Mittens were slipped over my protruding
hands and tightly strapped and buckled in place. Then She fitted a wide
leather collar around my neck, and a harness over my head.

After some adjustments to the straps and the fitting of padlocks I could
see there was no possible way for me to remove the Gas Mask or to move
my head. Now She picked up the chains attached to the ankle manacles and
two went up behind me and were padlocked to rings on the back of the Collar.
Two more of the chains went up each side of my body and were padlocked
first to rings on the wrist straps of the Bondage Mittens and then padlocked
to the sides of the Collar. Finally the last pair of chains were padlocked
to the tips of the Bondage Mittens and then to rings on the front of the
Collar. Then She screwed a long length of Black corrugated Rubber hose
to each side of the Gas mask and fitted between the ends of the hoses was
a regulating valve. She let the hoses hang down between my protruding arms,
but I had not noticed any change in my ability to breathe. She clipped
a lead to the front of my Collar and gave it a sharp tug.

“Come along prisoner, now you are properly dressed and Bondaged it’s
time for your exercise hour.”

I followed her out of the room, around behind the hedge and into a small,
enclosed garden. To say I could walk dressed in all the Rubber and the
Manacles and Chains was an under-statement. The Collar held my head up
so I couldn’t look down to see where my feet were going. The Gas Mask made
my breathing quite laboured. The heavy Chains banged against my body and
legs with every step I took, and the close fitting Rubber Mackintosh and
the Rubber Cape prevented me from taking long steps. I had to almost mince
along taking very small short paces, which only added to the overall difficulty
of walking.

Mistress led me round in front of the Garage and I could see a path
going off into the distance screened from the road by shrubs and bushes
and high above my head I could see a steel cable stretched out above head
height going the length of the path.

“Now then prisoner to ensure you get your full quota of exercise you
have a little game to play. It’s called ‘fetch the clothes pegs’. From
the Garage to the end of the path is 88 yards so to walk to the end and
back is 176 yards. If you do this 10 times you will have walked a mile.
If you do it 20 times you will have walked two miles. To ensure you do
walk the two miles you will have to fetch a clothes peg from the far end
of the path and bring it back to this end of the path. They are hanging
from a cord stretched across the end of the path, you will find I have
allowed you just enough movement to bring your Mittened hands together
to unclip just one clothes peg at a time and bring it back to this end
and fasten it to a similar line behind you. If you drop one you will find
it to be impossible to bend over to retrieve it because a ring on the top
of your head harness will be attached to a short chain, which will slide
along the overhead cable you can see stretched out above you. So however
many you drop means you will be that number of clothes pegs missing at
this end. Each missing clothes peg will earn you 50 demerits and I will
decide later on what punishment you will receive. Rest assured that it
will not be an enjoyable punishment, and the greater the number of demerits
the more severe will be your punishment. You have one hour to walk the
two miles which is half the speed of the standard army marching rate so
when I come back after lunch I will expect to see 20 clothes pegs hanging
on the line at this end of the path.”

Mistress reached up above me and I felt her attach something to the
top of my head, then she put her hand down between my arms and did something
to the valve fitted to the ends of the Rubber hoses connected to my Gas
Mask. I was instantly aware that I had to draw much harder to get enough
air inside the Gas Mask. She was obviously not going to make Her little
game an easy one to play. The odds of my not being able to fetch all 20
of the clothes pegs were heavily stacked against me.

I set off along the path taking the short steps the close fitting Rubber
Mackintosh and Rubber Cape forced me to take, and the heavy chains banging
against my Rubber encased body and legs. I tried bringing my Mittened hands
together and found it to be almost impossible to hold them together as
with each step I took the chains pulled at my wrists and the tips of the
Mittens, forcing my hands to come apart. I suddenly realised that in order
to keep hold of the clothes peg I had to keep my hands tightly held together
so as not to drop the peg and I would have to do that all the way back
along the path. I was an almost impossible task to carry out and I could
see I would be hard pressed to fetch all 20 pegs back to the other end.

As I neared the end of the path I could see the clothes pegs hanging
on the line about level with my hands. But as I got closer they vanished
from sight as the Stiff Collar prevented me from looking down. Eventually
by leaning forward and drawing the chain attached to the top of my head
harness out taut I was just able to guide my Mittened hands towards the
clothes pegs. But now another problem arose. As soon as my Mittens touched
the clothes pegs they swung away from my hands so I was unable to grasp
the pegs.

The end of the over-head cable was positioned so that I couldn’t get
any closer and it was only by pushing my Mittens carefully between the
pegs and not touching them I was eventually able to force my hands together
and actually grip a peg between my Mittens. I squeezed the peg and it slipped
off the line and fortunately remained in place between the Mittens. I turned
round and set off, back down the path.

I now had to take even smaller steps to avoid pulling the chains and
forcing my hands apart. Eventually I reached the Garage and after several
attempts I was able to get the peg positioned on the line and release it.
I had succeeded in transferring one clothes peg, and I was gasping for
breath inside the Gas Mask and sweat was running down inside the Rubber
Chest Waders with the effort of concentrating on holding the peg between
the Mittens. I had to stop and get my breathing back to some sort of normality
but I knew I couldn’t waste any time if I hoped to transfer all 20 of the
pegs before Mistress came back from lunch. I made five more journeys and
had managed to transfer five clothes pegs and I felt I had mastered the
situation. But disaster struck as I was trying to put the sixth peg on
the line. I opened my Mittens before it was in position and it dropped
to the ground.

Mistress was once again proved to be right as I tried desperately to
lean forward to try and retrieve the peg. With my head harness chained
to the overhead steel cable it was impossible to even kneel down. I turned
and puffed and panted my painful way back up the path to get another peg.
I knew I had to try and succeed even though I was now beginning to doubt
that I would manage to retrieve the remainder of the pegs. I had no idea
how quickly the time was passing but I knew that in spite of the dreadful
handicap Mistress had given me with the heavy and tight Rubber Clothing,
the manacles and chains and the restricted breathing inside the Gas Mask
I had to keep persevering to fulfil her orders. I was feeling ready to
collapse with exhaustion when I finally removed the last peg from the line
and staggered back along the path and tried to clip it on the line with
the other pegs. Again I failed and I was dismayed to find there were only
10 pegs on the line. I had dropped the other 10 when trying to clip them
in place. At least I had stumbled and staggered the two miles but I was
now paddling in a bath of sweat inside the Rubber Chest Waders and I had
accumulated 500 demerits for my efforts. I had no option but to stand and
wait for Mistress to reappear and release me as the chain attached to my
head harness prevented me from sitting down, not that there was anything
for me to sit on. Slowly my breathing calmed down and I began to relax
a little in spite of my impending fate when Mistress saw how many pegs
I had managed to drop.

“Is my prisoner well exercised now” I had not heard her come into the
garden and I jumped at the sound of her voice behind me. “I can only count
10 pegs on the line and I can see a little pile of pegs on the ground.
My prisoner obviously had some difficulty with the Rubber Bondage he so
dearly loves to be encased and secured into.”

She bent down and picked up the clothes pegs I had dropped on the grass
and carefully counted them.

“However it would seem from the pegs on the ground you managed to have
your two mile walk. But of course that doesn’t help to remove any of the
500 demerits you have earned for dropping the ten pegs. However 500 demerits
cannot be removed in one punishment session. Under normal circumstances
you would be able to have 100 demerits removed each day, but you already
have an outstanding punishment of 100 strokes a day on my whipping bench
so the greatest number of demerits you can have removed each day is 50.
As you seem to be determined to disobey me at every opportunity, I shall
cancel your training programme and you will spend the rest of your time
here being punished. I expect you can work out how long your punishment
will take at the rate of 100 strokes and 50 demerits per. day. It is simply
500 divided by 50, which is 10. It is now quite obvious to me that you
thought all our talks on the telephone and the various written items I
sent you were just fantasy. Nothing is further from the truth. You come
here to have your fantasies made into reality.”

“There are no fantasies here, everything is reality, I am a real Rubber
Mistress, you are a real Rubber Bondage prisoner, every word I utter is
real, and every instruction I give is to be obeyed totally and fully. When
I said I wanted to see 20 clothes pegs on the line I meant just that, the
fact that you failed to put 20 clothes pegs on the line was as far as I’m
concerned disobedience of an order from your Rubber Mistress. Just because
your breathing was restricted and you were encased in extremely heavy Rubber
clothing and you were manacled and chained is of no relevance. You are
a Rubber Bondage prisoner, and you failed to carry out an order from your
Rubber Mistress and that can only result in punishment. I do not play games
here. If this was to have been a pleasure visit it would have said so in
the contract you signed, the fact you failed to read your contract properly
will earn you some more punishment.”

“You will of course be receiving an extra 500 strokes because of your
extended time with me, but they are well deserved in view of your disobedience
to your Mistress, in fact I shall very carefully review every event of
your time you have so far spent here and I’m quite sure I can add to your
present accumulation of demerits and punishment very considerably. Your
punishment will start tonight and from then onwards you will not do anything
for yourself. You will be cleaned, fed and watered by me, and my assistant.
Oh! Did I not mention her, well she will attend to you during the night
and I will deal with you during the day. Just like the saying ‘there will
be no rest for the wicked’ so there will be no rest for my wicked and disobedient
Rubber Bondage prisoner. My assistant was a trained State Registered Nurse
and as well as her deep interest in c.b.t. She considers herself to be
an expert in wrapping my prisoners up in cling film and then encasing them
in a full covering of thick, adhesive ‘gaffer’ tape. But her speciality
is the medical scene, so your first night in her tender care will be spent
being cleaned out and fully Cathetered, before being fully wrapped for
your Mistress to deal with all day. This means of course that your punishment
will then be able to continue unabated for 24 hours a day until I decide
you will be released. I will now release your Rubber Bondage and you can
get dressed in something more suitable so we can spend a very pleasant
afternoon and evening together in my dungeon, waiting for my assistant
to arrive to start the night shift”.

She disconnected the chain securing my head harness to the overhead
cable and led me back into the Stable. She released the Manacles and the
Chains then removed the Mittens and unbuttoned and removed the heavy Rubber
Cape.

“You can remove the rest of the Rubber clothing yourself, then have
a shower and afterwards put back on the Rubber Chest Waders and also put
back on the Rubber Hood and Gas Mask you are wearing now then secure yourself
into the manacle and chain set with your hands behind you, take up your
position across the bed and wait for me to come back.”

I was soon stood in the shower revelling in the warm water soothing
away all my aches and pains, and just for a few moments I was able to forget
about the impending punishment Mistress had told me about. I finished in
the shower, dried myself and powdered my body all over then put back on
the Rubber Waders, which had been kept dry by all my sweat being retained
inside the Rubber Suit. I put on the Rubber Hood and Gas Mask, then I fitted
the manacles and chains on and kneeling down at the side of the bed let
myself flop forward across the Rubber Sheets. It was a most ingenious position
to be told to put myself into as in the kneeling position and lying across
the bed it was extremely difficult to lift myself back up and rise to my
feet, and with hands manacled behind my back there would be no possible
hope of surprising my Mistress to try to make some sort of attempt to escape.
But I was fully aware that she was able to observe my every move with what
I guessed were concealed C.C.T.V. Cameras in the room, so there was no
point in trying to do anything brave. Anyway it was a forgone conclusion
that any attempt to escape would fail and I would only end up being punished
even more severely.

As I lay across the Rubber Sheets with my head enclosed in the Rubber
Hood and Gas Mask and my legs and body encased in the heavy Rubber Chest
Waders I wondered what had compelled me to fit on the self locking manacles
and submit myself to this Rubber Mistress. I could only conclude that I
was indeed a submissive and that deep down there was nothing I desired
more than to be utterly dominated by a woman dressed in Rubber while I
also was encased in Rubber and securely Bondaged. This was indeed my fantasy
made into reality but I had not expected it to be so very real. I had imagined
that there would have been periods when there was a relaxation of the fantasy
and we would have talked to each other as ordinary people.

I remembered that the ‘contract’ - well it was just a single sheet - that
I had signed and sent back to her had said that everything would be for
real but I had imagined that was just her way of making me think I would
be getting my moneys worth from the visit to her. There was now no doubt
in my mind that she was a very serious Rubber Mistress and she looked on
me as no more than a captive Rubber Bondage plaything. Now she was going
to extend my fantasy from some daily training and nights in a Rubber bed
in Bondage to continuous punishment with someone else who from her description
was just as serious as my Mistress, or even worse, to help her achieve
it. Deep down I was full of apprehension but at the same time I was anticipating
and trying to imagine what was going to be done to me when the punishment
was started in the evening.

I knew I didn’t have long to wait to find out, but first there was to
be an afternoon and evening with Mistress in the dungeon and that was something
else I was feeling apprehensive about. As always Mistress was quickly back
into the Stable and I heard a heavy bundle of Rubber flop onto the bed
beside me.

“Right up on your knees prisoner”, she snapped and she grasped the straps
on the Rubber Chest Waders and hauled me up from the bed. She removed the
Gas Mask but left the other Rubber Hood in place. She pushed a heavy Rubber
Hood against my face and slipped her hand up inside it and forced two stiff
Rubber Tubes deep inside my nostrils, then she pulled the edges of the
Rubber Hood over my face and around behind my head. I could feel a lace
being threaded down the back of the Rubber Hood and then slowly and carefully
she pulled the lace tighter and tighter until the Rubber Hood moulded itself
to every contour of my face and head. Dark lens were fitted into the two
small eyeholes giving me very restricted and limited vision.

A large inflatable
breathe thro’ Gag was now pushed into my mouth with the instruction, “Do
not try and push the Gag out of your mouth prisoner or I will glue it in
place with super glue.” Now a leather harness was dropped over my face
and head and with the same meticulous care as the lace of the Rubber Hood,
Mistress tightened all the straps and buckles. A shaped leather cup fitted
under and around my chin and when she had buckled it tight it clamped my
jaws around the stem of the inflatable Gag. Two straps at each side of
the brank holding the inflatable Gag in my mouth were also buckled tightly
to the head harness.

“Now you can try to push the Gag out of your mouth prisoner but it will
be futile to try.”

She released the wrist and ankle manacles and snapped, “On your feet
prisoner, make a quarter turn to your right and hold your arms straight
out in front of you.”

I struggled to my feet suddenly fully aware of the restriction to my
breathing and my head and face the Rubber Hood and head harness was making.
From the bed Mistress had picked up a Rubber Strait Jacket, she slipped
the close fitting sleeves over my outstretched arms and quickly pulled
the edges of the Rubber Strait Jacket together tightly behind my back and
closed the full length zip. She pulled my arms across my chest and stretched
my Rubber encased hands around my body and loosely fastened the ends of
the sleeves behind my back. I could feel her doing something between my
legs and at the back of the Rubber Chest Waders and suddenly I felt cool
air around my bum cheeks and my cock and balls. I assumed there was a removable
panel on the Rubber Chest Waders, which now not only exposed my cock and
balls but also exposed my bum cheeks, which allowed her access for my daily
100 strokes.

She pulled the front of the Rubber Strait Jacket downwards
and forced my cock and balls through a tight hole in a narrow flap of reinforced
Rubber. She passed the flap between my legs and drew it tight up into my
bum crease pushing my bum cheeks apart and then buckled the end of the
flap to the bottom edge of the Rubber Strait Jacket at the back. Now straps
and buckles across the back of the Rubber Strait Jacket were tightened
up and finally she made sure the strap on the end of the sleeves was fully
tightened drawing my arms tight into and around my body. She buckled a
Collar around my neck and clipped a lead to a ring on the front of the
Collar. Then she screwed an inflator bulb to the valve on the inflatable
Gag and quickly pumped it up. The Rubber Bladder expanded inside my mouth
and forced my cheeks out against the restricting Rubber Hood and Head Harness.

“There we are then prisoner, ready for our little excursion to my dungeon.
If you are feeling disappointed with the lack of Rubber clothing I’ve put
you into then don’t be too premature. When my assistant arrives this evening
you will be well and truly encased. Because we will have another little
game to play before she can start on her encapsulation programme. However
I’m sure you will be the first to admit that you are quite secure and there
will be a lot more restraint for you to endure once we are in my dungeon.
Right follow me and don’t dawdle prisoner.”

She led me quickly out of the Stable, through her conservatory and then
through a labyrinth of passageways, which were hard to make out with the
small eyeholes and darkened lens in the Rubber Hood. We stopped in an almost
pitch dark room and as some dim lights came on I realised we were in her
dungeon. She led me over to two large upright posts and stood me between
them. A leather harness was strapped around my exposed cock and balls.
I was pushed forwards and felt a padded bar against my stomach. My feet
were roped tightly to rings fitted in the floor and then my body was bent
over the bar and several wide straps were buckled around my shoulders and
behind my legs. I was now bent double over the bar with my feet secured
to the floor.

A cord attached to the harness around my cock and balls went round a
small pulley fitted to the floor between my feet and was pulled tight stretching
my cock and balls downwards. Mistress now made the straps around my shoulders
and legs even tighter so there was no movement possible and ran her Rubber
Gloved hand over my now well rounded and up raised bum cheeks.

“Time for your daily 100 strokes prisoner, I shall take my time with
these as we are not in a hurry to start anything else for an hour or so.
But first I think I’ll warm you up with some ‘Ralgex’. Hot bum cheeks are
so much more sensitive and I do want you to feel every stroke.”

I felt something cold and slimy being smeared liberally all over my
bum cheeks. The cold feeling quickly disappeared to be replaced at first
with a warm glow, which quickly spread all over my bum cheeks and right
down to the tops of my thighs. Very soon the warm glow became a hot fire
and soon after it felt like a raging inferno.

“I think I shall begin prisoner. 10 strokes with 10 different implements
for this short session, I shall increase the force of each stroke firstly
to make up for the lack of numbers, and also because as your bum cheeks
are already on fire, you might have some difficulty in knowing when I have
delivered each stroke. It will be very much as the last time, you listen
for the crackle of my whipping dress, which will herald the arrival of
each stroke, and each stroke will help you to remember why you are being
punished.
The last time was for breaking my rules and this time it is a combined
punishment. As well as breaking my rules you were disobedient to your Mistress.
As you will discover you can be punished for almost anything here and sometimes
for absolutely nothing at all. If I feel you are in need of punishment
then I will punish you, and if my assistant thinks you need to be punished
she will also punish you. We each have our own particular ideas about punishment.
I much prefer to use corporal punishment, I can hear each stroke landing
on your defenceless bum cheeks and I can see those bum cheeks becoming
more and more red and tender as I labour away. My assistant is much more
subtle, she strives to make her victim as immobile and as uncomfortable
as possible with cling film and rope and some medical extras that she delights
in applying to a well secured prisoner. You certainly have something to
look forward to if she does decide to punish you. Perhaps I will mention
to her when she arrives about the 100 strokes I will be giving you every
day and I’m sure she will consider it to be her duty to make sure you are
punished during the night.”

I heard the crackle of her Rubber Whipping Dress and a resounding ‘crack’
and a bolt of pain shot through my burning bum cheeks. Mistress continued
at a steady rate of delivery with a seeming deliberate pause as she changed
to a different implement after every ten strokes. My bum cheeks were now
like the inside of a Blast Furnace, as each stroke landed much harder than
the 100 I had received the previous time. To add to my pain and suffering,
each time she paused to change the implement, she would draw her fingernails
around and up and down my burning bum cheeks and then slap them hard with
the palm of her hand. Each time she did it she would say, ”Those don’t
count prisoner they are purely for my pleasure and I like to see the patterns
my fingernails make on your bright red bum cheeks.”

Eventually she stopped and I could hear her hanging the implements back
on the wall rack. Then she scraped her fingernails’ around my bum cheeks
again, adding to the pain that was raging in them.

“There that didn’t take too long did it prisoner and now it is time
for a coffee break. I think another coating of ‘Ralgex’ will keep your
mind clear until I come back and continue to make you suffer while you
are anticipating the arrival of my assistant.”

I felt the cold cream being rubbed liberally over my flaming bum cheeks,
which momentarily gave some short relief as the cold cream was rubbed well
in. With a parting flurry of hard stinging slaps to my bum cheeks I heard
my cruel Rubber Mistress crackle and rustle out of the dungeon, locking
the door behind her. The fire in my bum cheeks soon became a raging inferno
as the fresh application of ‘Ralgex’ quickly took effect. I had suffered
enough at the hands of this cruel Mistress.

I wanted out of this pain and suffering. But there was nothing I could
do to escape from her clutches and her seemingly endless torture and cruelty.
But everything that had happened to me and was now being done to me and
what was threatened to be done to me was what I had always dreamed about.
I had spent a whole night and longer encased and heavily Bondaged in thick
heavy Rubber. I was now going to be kept against my will for an unknown
time by this Rubber Mistress and I was going to be punished by all sorts
of dreadful tortures and she was going to be assisted by another Mistress
who from her brief description was just as cruel as she seemed to be. I
was even now encased in heavy Rubber, strapped securely into a Rubber Strait
Jacket, Hooded, Masked and properly Gagged. My cock and balls were being
tortured, and I was secured to her equipment with no possible hope of escape.

I had just been severely beaten and tortured with embrocation cream
rubbed into my flaming bum cheeks and there was more to come. What else
did I want to happen to me, I was in my seventh heaven, and I knew once
the pain had subsided I couldn’t wait for it all to start again. What else
did a submissive want from life? I was being made to submit to this cruel
Rubber Mistress and there was nothing else in the world I wanted to do
more than submit to her punishments and tortures, and I had the punishments
and possible tortures of the other Mistress to look forward to.

**Chapter 8**
**In which the prisoner finds his Utopia is in fact his Gehenna**
{GEHENNA. from the New Testament. A place where the wicked are punished.
A place of pain and torment}

By the time my Mistress had returned from her coffee break the fire
raging in my bum cheeks had calmed down and I was hoping I would be released
from the securely bound position She had left me in strapped so tightly
over the padded bar. She came swishing and rustling into the dungeon and immediately gave
my still exposed bum cheeks several hard stinging slaps and then dragged
her fingernails up and down them.

“Just a little reminder prisoner that you are here to be punished, and
that I delight in corporal punishment. It is so rewarding when I hear the
slap of my hand and I can feel my fingernails digging into your very tender
bum cheeks. However you have had your allocated 100 strokes and I do not
make my prisoners endure more than they have earned through misbehaving.
There are of course many other ways of administering painful punishments
to prisoners who are disobedient and I think we have enough time for you
to experience one or two of those ways.”

She released the straps holding me bent over the bar and pulled me up
into a standing position. She released the ends of the Rubber Strait Jacket
sleeves and unfolding my arms replaced them so they were behind my back
and she refastened the sleeve ends across my stomach. The cord attached
to my cock harness was released and she led me over to a corner of the
dungeon and backed me into the small, barred compartment where I had been
humiliated after the massive enema she had given me and she closed and locked the steel gate.

She went through a door at the back of the dungeon and soon returned
carrying a large, padded board with several openings cut into it. She lifted
up the padded board and fitted it to the bar I had just been released from
and secured it in place with two clamps fastened around the pole. She positioned
the board in an upright position and held it in place with some chains
attached to the two posts. She came over and unlocked the gate and catching
hold of the end of my cock harness led me across to the board.

“Put your left foot up onto the platform and push your toes right through
the hole so that your leg is pressed against the padding.” I did as she
said, “Now do the same with your right foot and lean forward against the
padding.” There was a cut-out for my face to go into with a leather support
for my forehead and my chin.  Several straps were buckled across the
back of my head and neck and my head was now secured into the opening.
I could feel there were two cut-outs where my chest was against the board
and another where my cock and balls were positioned.

She picked up several long lengths of rope and attaching the ends of
the ropes to rings at either side of the top of the board proceeded to
rope my body to the board. She started at my shoulders and criss-crossed
the ropes over my body slipping the rope around a row of closely spaced
heavy duty steel hooks down each side of the board. She carried on down
to my feet pulling each cross over of rope as tight as she could and I
could feel my body being pressed into the padding.

“Welcome to my ‘tippy table’ for want of a better name.” Mistress said
with a little giggle in her voice. “All the sensitive parts of your body,
such as your cock and balls, your nipples, your bum cheeks and your head
are now readily accessible and I can rotate you into any position and position
you at any angle depending on what I have attached to you and where it
is attached or what I intend to do to you.”

I felt the Gag being deflated and then it was re-inflated but this time
the bladder felt totally different inside my mouth. It felt loose and seemed
to flop about around my tongue and cheeks.

“I’m sure you are wondering what has happened to your inflatable Gag.
Well instead of air inside the bladder there is a quantity of water flopping
about inside it. It will make the bladder stretch and take up strange shapes.
If I tilt the table backwards like this.” and I felt myself rotating backwards
until I was lying horizontal on my back and I was instantly aware of what
had happened to the Rubber bladder inside my mouth. The water flowed to
the loose end of the bladder and it swelled out totally blocking the breathing
tube in the centre of the gag making it impossible for me to breathe through
my mouth. I had to rely on the nostril tubes to get enough air.

“You see prisoner I now have control of your breathing. If I pinch the
ends of your nose tubes like this,” and my air supply was instantly cut-off
and I was unable to breathe out or in. “you won’t survive very long. I
think 4 minutes, if you are a non-smoker is the limit, but you will have
passed out before the 4 minutes will have elapsed.” She rotated the table back to its original position and the water inside
the Rubber bladder rolled into the front of my mouth and I was able to
breathe normally through my mouth again. “However that little delight will be reserved for another part of your
punishment.”

I felt her doing something to the valve on the front of the Gag and
the bladder inside my mouth felt normal again, if having a mouth full of
loose Rubber is normal. Mistress moved round in front of me and I felt zips being opened over
my nipples, then her Rubber Gloved fingers were pulling and playing with
my nipples making them hard and bringing me to the brink of orgasm again.
She stopped and I felt something being pressed onto my chest at either
side of each nipple and then pain shot into each nipple as she applied
a clamp to each of my erect nipples. Now I could feel a tingling around
each nipple and suddenly a stab of pain made my chest muscles flex and
jump. The tingling started again and there was another stab of pain and
once more my chest muscles flexed. This now continued with a short pause
of tingling between each stab of pain. She tilted the table forward and
I felt the clamps pulling at my nipples as if the clamps had weights hanging
from them.

“There that is a nice gentle start prisoner. Each ‘titty’ muscle has
a ‘tens’ unit wired to it and I have hung some small weights on the nipple
clamps. So each pulse from the ‘tens’ unit makes your muscle twitch which
is at the moment mildly painful. When the muscles twitch they make the
weights jerk and that adds a little bit more to your suffering. I shall
go off and have a nice refreshing cup of coffee. While I’m gone you can
get used to this mild introduction to your impending period of acute suffering.
When I come back I shall turn up the ‘tens’ units and see how much extra
weight you can lift with your ‘titty’ muscles. When that is working properly
I have several more ‘tens’ units for your cock and balls and of course
some more clamps and weights. By then it will be teatime so you will be
able to enjoy yourself for quite some time without me being here to do
anything to you. I’ll be back soon to increase your suffering and I’ll
see what I can do about some breathing control.”

She fiddled with the valve on my Gag and I felt the bladder go slack
inside my mouth. Then I felt the Rubber Bladder swelling and filling the
inside of my mouth. Just when I thought the Rubber Bladder would burst
inside my mouth she stopped.

“I have removed the water from your Gag and pumped it up properly prisoner
as I don’t want to have my coffee break disturbed with your moaning and
groaning over the listening system. I don’t really need to have the listening
system on seeing you can’t say anything but I do like to hear you gasping
through your breathing tube and the clinking of the weight chains every
time the ‘tens’ unit pulses. It reminds me that I have you in here suffering.”

I heard the door being closed and bolted and I was once again left to
my suffering. If this was according to Mistress some mild suffering then
I was wondering if I would be able to withstand the more serious suffering
she was going to subject me to. I strained against the ropes holding me
to the padded board, but with my arms secured across my back in the Rubber
Strait Jacket I could get no leverage and she had made the criss-crossed
ropes very tight. The ‘tens’ unit pulsed away and I gasped through the
breathing tube of the heavily inflated Gag every time it sent a stab of
pain into my chest muscle. The pain from the nipple clamps slowly reduced
in spite of the jerk every time my muscles made a spasm.

Mistress seemed to be back very quickly and she put the ‘tippy table’
back into the upright position. This sent new pain sensations into my nipples
as the weights now hung down in a different position. I felt her strapping
something around my cock and balls and then I felt the nip of clips being
attached to my foreskin and my ball bag. Now I felt her pressing something
hard against the skin at various places around my cock and balls. I guessed
I was now fitted up with more electrodes for another ‘tens’ unit and also
there were clamps attached for weights to be added.

“Time to stop all this gasping and dribbling through your mouth tube
prisoner. I don’t know why but when I restrict the breathing of my other
prisoners they get an enormous erection. To ensure you get the maximum
suffering from this punishment you need to maintain a very large erection.”

“If I pop this sealing cap over your mouth breathing tube you will have
to use the nose tubes and once again my mouth breathing was cut off and I was forced to breathe
only through the nostril tubes. Within a few minutes I could feel my cock
rising in an enormous erection and like my Mistress, I had no idea why.
She tipped the table forward and fresh waves of pain coursed through my
nipples as the weights once more hung free. Now I felt the weights being
attached to the clips on my balls and foreskin and new stabs of pain invaded
another part of my body. Then a tingling sensation spread around my cock
and balls and a sudden stab of pain sent my huge erection flicking forward.
This made the weight hanging from my foreskin swing backwards and forwards
and increased the pain I was already suffering from the weight. Now not
only were my nipples being made to flex and twitch but also my cock and
balls and each twitch sent waves of severe pain coursing through those
very sensitive parts of my body. I now felt extra weights being added to
the nipple clamps and also to the clips attached to my cock and balls,
and then to add to my torment and suffering my cruel Mistress turned up
the strength of the pulses from all three ‘tens’ units.

“If it wasn’t for your fully inflated Gag I think we could say you are
wired for sound. But the Gag will ensure you remain silent. The ‘tens’
units all have brand new batteries in them so they will be able to keep
working for at least ten hours. I shall go off and get my evening meal
ready, and when I have eaten it I like to relax and catch up with the news
on the television. When my assistant arrives later on this evening I’ll
be able to introduce her to you and after deciding on her programme I can
leave you to her tender mercies for the night. By the morning you will
be a fully controlled prisoner. My assistant and I will be able to decide
when and what you will have for your meals. They won’t be very appetising
but unfortunately you won’t be able to taste them and you can be assured
they will all be washed down with copious amounts of our very best vintage
‘Golden Champagne’. When we have filled you up we will be able to decide
when you will be emptied. You will have no say in the matter, and the more
we fill you up and the longer we leave you filled up the more you will
suffer. Anyway enough of this idle chatter, I’ll leave you in peace for
about three hours, well as peaceful as the ‘tens’ units and the clamps
and weights will allow you.”

Once again I heard the door being closed and locked and I was alone
in my world of Rubber, Bondage, Pain and Suffering. The ‘tens’ units kept
up their steady stabs of pain into my nipples, cock and balls and the weights
swung backwards and forwards adding to my suffering. Suddenly there was
a clattering noise and my left nipple erupted in intense pain, and I realised
the clamp had slipped off my nipple and dropped to the floor. I struggled
to get enough air through the nose tubes as wave after wave of pain speared
through my nipple. I felt myself slipping into unconsciousness and I passed
out. I came to and found the pain in my nipple had abated and I waited
hopefully for the other clamp to drop off. After some time there was another
clatter and pain seared into my right nipple as the other clamp dropped
to the floor. Once again I struggled to get enough air as the pain enveloped
my nipple and I passed out once more due to the lack of air. I came to
and found my nipples were still being pulsed by the ‘tens’ units but there
were now no weights swinging from my nipples. I felt I could cope with
the pain in my cock and balls although I hoped the clamps would slip off
of my cock and balls as they had from my nipples. Time passed slowly but
there was no lessening of the pain in my cock and balls. I constantly struggled
to get enough air through the nose tubes and I drifted in and out of consciousness.
It all helped to make the pain filled time pass by and also helped to reduce
the periods I had to endure the pain.

Time meant nothing, but suddenly I was aware that the pain had subsided
and as I became more aware I realised that it had finally stopped. I could hear her moving things about and there was the unmistakable
sound of buckles clinking and Rubber being flopped down onto the bench.
Mistress came and stood in front of me and looked down at the floor.

“I see my Rubber Bondage prisoner has avoided some of his suffering
that I had intended he should experience. Perhaps I’ll have your nipples
pierced and have some rings fitted through them. That will definitely stop
the weights from falling off. However we have more pressing matters to
be dealt with. I have decided we are going to play another of my little
games. This one will be with my Assistant when she arrives. It’s called
‘Hide and Seek’.”
