---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Side-Show
authors:
- RG Bargy
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- rope
- public
- display
- tease
- oral
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2006-02-14 00:00:00
---

Kate was considering how
she came to be almost naked, completely immobile and in full view of several
hundred people. No one was going to come to her rescue. She was the ‘Damsel
in Distress', waiting to be drenched in cold water when someone hit the
target. She was tied to a post
dressed only in a flimsy nightdress and protected from the balls by a sheet of
clear perspex, angled to deflect any wayward throws. So far no one had been
successful, but she knew that when the water came, the material would go
almost transparent, revealing how little she had on underneath.

It would be supposed that
the ropes were only for show, and that she could free herself at any time she
chose. This was not the case. Her hands were bound tightly behind her and she
could not move them let alone reach the knots. The carefully positioned ropes
that crisscrossed her front not only held her in place, but caressed her
breasts in a most erotic manner. There was an unseen rope around her waist
hidden beneath the nightdress and from it there ran an even tighter rope
splitting her in two with a cruelly placed knot pushing her flimsy panties
right inside her. Her legs were lashed tightly together at the ankles, knees
and thighs, putting more pressure on this hidden torment. She could not even
cry out because the delicate handkerchief over her mouth covered a more fierce
gag that prevented all but the softest of whimpers. All this would be lost to
the happy visitors to the University Medieval Fayre.

There was a cheer,
followed instantly by the feeling of being drenched by a bucket of water. She
could not avoid it. She could not stop it. The gag made breathing difficult.
Her hair whipped over her eyes and she shook from head to toe. For a moment
all eyes were on her as the water rained down, but then it was on to the next
throw. There was no thought for her or how she must feel. She felt the
material of her nightdress clinging to her, hugging her curves and revealing
the black half cup bra that she wore. She had no shoes on, the damsel was
barefoot, and she now stood in a puddle. She shook her head like a dog shakes
its body and little droplets flew everywhere. The gag stayed firm. No sound
was heard, and she was left to drip dry and wait for the next soaking. It was
a warm sunny summer’s day so she would not freeze and getting wet was all
part of the fun. How had she got into this?

It had all started so
innocently at the planning meeting. The theme of Medieval had been decided
upon, and ideas for side shows and games had come tumbling forth. They had
decided that stocks would be too difficult to make look authentic so how about
a “Damsel in Distress” tied to a pole? It seemed like a good idea and she
had even volunteered to be the victim. Why? Well, it was a way of getting
involved without too much effort. The idea of the odd soaking did not bother
her, especially in the middle of summer, and it was all in the name of
harmless fun. It was Rag week and she hated all the pranks that went on. By
putting herself forward as the Damsel she had hoped to avoid some of the more
outrageous stunts. It had worked too. They had targeted people who had not got
involved in anything.

The day had arrived and
she had watched the build up for the Fayre. Various side shows had been
assembled including skittles, rings, and hit the rat. She had seen the pole
put into position, and had been surprised at the thoroughness of their
securing it. The mechanism for the water had been tried and tested, the last
time with water, and she had felt a touch of excitement. It was only make
believe but she had always fancied being a damsel in distress and she could
now fulfil that fantasy.

She had arrived just
before the grand opening. Everyone was milling about making last minute
preparations. She knew the two boys who were running the “Drench the
Maiden” stand. They were in her year and one had shown some interest in her,
but she had not thought it serious. He seemed nice enough but she was not
looking for romantic involvement, just to finish her degree. She had placed
her hands in the loops behind her and to her surprise they had been quickly
tightened. Before she knew what was happening she had been set upon. She had
emitted a surprised squeak and her mouth had been filled with something, which
she now knew to be a leather gag. Despite all the people milling about she had
been securely tied to the pole. At one point they had lifted her nightdress to
wrap the rope around her waist and she had tried to protest, but it had been
impossible. When they had finished tying her one of them had whispered in her
ear.

“Enjoy yourself Katie,
because I intend to when the show is over.”

Her heart had missed a
beat at this. How could he know? How could he possibly know that this was her
ultimate fantasy? She had told no one of her dreams of being held captive.
There was no diary, no secret writing. She had no books or videos or anything
that would indicate that she wanted this.

Another cheer and her
reverie was disturbed by a second soaking. She dimly wondered how many times
some one would succeed. The water was reset and immediately knocked over
again. Someone had their eye in and was obviously going to hit every time.
Within minutes she was standing ankle deep in water and completely bedraggled.
The nightdress was almost transparent yet the tie around her waist would still
look like part of her panties. One of the boys made a show of adjusting the
handkerchief over her mouth.

“Will no one save
her?” He cried dramatically. There was a general response of

“No!”

“Still another couple of
hours,” he whispered in her ear.

What could they do? Even
when the crowds had dispersed she was still in the middle of the playing
fields, in full view of at least three dormitories, and the main
Administration building. What could they possibly do?

It was a very warm day and
she soon dried out again. The sun hurt her eyes a bit but she could do little
except close them. She was basically ignored. There were several events
throughout the afternoon and the side shows went quiet. During the jousting
match, (there were no horses just people running with long poles) she was left
alone with her two captors, Mick and Danny she now recalled. Mick was the
obvious leader. Danny seemed a little nervous of being found out.

“Don't worry it’s Rag
week. We are supposed to misbehave,” Mick assured him. “It's all just good
fun. Isn’t it Kate?”

She glared at him, which
was about all she could do. He reached down and tugged at the rope between her
legs, grasping though her nightdress with an audacity that made Danny wince.
It made Kate wince too, but for a completely different reason. She was
actually getting very turned on by events, despite the outrageous situation.
Her mind had accepted it and welcomed it as a fulfilment of her secret
desires. She was horny as hell, and Mick seemed to sense it.

“You really do like this
don’t you?” He challenged.

Kate shook her head but
her body was letting her down.

Then she remembered. It
had been early on in the first term. One night after having a little too much
to drink, she and Mick had been talking about their loves and hates, dreams
and nightmares. She must have let it slip about her kidnap fantasy. She now
recalled that Mick had been the one to suggest the Maiden idea, and she had
jumped in with both feet. He had planned this all along! This probably meant
that he had a plan of how to get her into his room afterwards. This thought
made her start to struggle against the ropes that held her. She felt him come
close again.

“Now, now,” he chided,
“let’s not get too excited. There will be plenty of time for that later.
Just be a good damsel and take your soakings. I promise you will not be
disappointed.”

She shook her head and she
pleaded with him to let her go, but nothing came out. The gag was very
effective.

“Perhaps I should tell
Danny of your little fantasy? He might like to join in,” Mick suggested.

Kate stopped struggling.
Danny did not know! He must have thought it was just part of the Rag like
every one else. Her secret was almost safe, but she would have to go along
with Mick’s plans. She shook her head slowly and deliberately this time.

“There’s a good little
captive,” he said quietly.

She stood resolutely for
the rest of the proceedings. Her eyes showed no hint of a problem and her head
movements were those of someone keeping to the spirit of things. A few brief
words as the event was winding down ensured her complicity.

“I can leave the gag in
place, but it would simpler if you came without it,” he said
conspiratorially.

She agreed. Anything to be
rid of the taste and feel of leather. He fashioned a rope collar with a rope
to lead her by and untied her hands to release her from the pole. He quickly
re-tied them in front of her for effect. She was being lead way and it all
seemed part of the show. She was almost free of all other restrictions, but
the crotch rope was still in place and it rubbed her very intimately as she
walked meekly behind him. Once in his room he pulled up a chair for her to
sit. The door was shut and they were alone.

“How am I doing?” he
asked. His voice was sounding less confident, even concerned.

“I’m a bit fuzzy from
here on," he continued, "I can release you completely and nothing
more will be said, or we can take it to what ever climax you want.”

His choice of word
'climax' was not lost on her. She was in a turmoil. The past hours had wound
her up, but the moment had almost gone.

“I am your captive, do
as you want,” she said simply. “You started this. You finish it.” She
knew that she was now commited to whatever Mick had planned. Her stomach did
another lurch but she was outwardly composed.

While they talked he
produced a hair dryer and dried off her hair. Her nightdress was basically dry
except for where her hair had touched it. He was very gentle, caressing her
hair as he worked on it.

“What about Oral?” he
asked tentatively.

“I have no objection,
but I do not promise to swallow.” She heard a tremble in her voice and
wondered whether he had noticed it too.

“Fair enough. What about
your clothes?”

“What do you mean?”

“It is all very well
wandering around like that during the fayre, but it will look a bit strange
later in the evening. Where are your keys?”

“I left them with
Margaret across the hall from me.”

“I know her, and she saw
we were together this afternoon, so she should accept me getting you a change
of clothes. First, I think we shall set the mood for the evening.”

“Are you going to leave
me tied up in your room?” This was not what she had expected and it
frightened her.

“It will be locked, and
no one else has a key," he expalined calmly,"go on, let your
imagination run riot. You are my captive and I intend to have my wicked way
with you.”

Kate involuntarily
shivered. She was not cold, but she was excited. She had made a decision to
trust him, and the sooner things started the better. He made her stand and
unceremoniously cut the nightdress from her body leaving her in bra and
panties, barefoot and shaking with anticipation. Her breathing was coming in
little short breaths. He brought her hands over and behind her head and tied a
rope from them to the loops still around her waist. By pulling she would make
the crotch rope rub inside her. It also made her chest push forward. It felt
strange and nothing like she had ever imagined. She watched his hands approach
her breasts. She was already defenceless. Her hands were held firm and her
straining was making weird sensations between her legs. His touch was gentle
but her reaction was like a jolt of electricity. She had never been this
turned on. This was unbelievable. He pulled her bra down leaving it like a
band under her breasts. The shoulder straps lifted her breasts to his
attention.

“No need to remove
this,” he twanged the bra against her chest, “it will serve just as well
as it is.” He grinned, and she could see the excitement in his eyes. He
pulled his thumbs across her already swelling nipples. She gasped and closed
her eyes to try and understand this sensation. She had never actually been so
helpless, unable to stop someone from touching or caressing her.

“Patience Kate, we have
the whole evening ahead of us," he crooned. "This is just the
hor’s dourves,” he added wickedly.

He released the crotch
rope at the front, taking the tension out of her arms as the waist rope rode
up under her rib cage.

“We can’t have you
getting too excited while you are all alone can we?" he explained.
"Besides,” his hands grabbed her panties, “we need to remove
these.”

A sharp tug downwards and
she was naked. Her panties fell to the floor and he patted her pubic mound
appreciatively. He turned her round and gave her bottom an encouraging tap.

“Over to the bed now,
let’s get you settled for a while.”

He helped her onto the bed
then gently pushed her over. He was gaining in confidence, manipulating her to
his wishes. He crossed her ankles and tied them, then moved the tether
attached to her hands from her waist to her ankles. As he tightened the
connection pulling her hands towards her ankles, her legs were opened leaving
her in the most vacant position she had ever been in her life. She could
hardly move yet her breasts jutted forward and her legs were wide open. She
could barely roll left or right, and because the bed was only three feet wide
there was little space to manoeuvre.

“That should give you
something to think about,” he said standing up and admiring his handiwork.
“I trust you will not cry out," he instreucted, "I would not want
to leave you unattended with a gag in place.”

“I would have difficulty
explaining how I allowed you to do this to me,” she panted, trying to get
some relief from the awkward position she was in. "I can assure you that
I will not broadcasting my predicament throughout the campus."

“You might also present
a temptation that was irrefusable,” he agreed.

Kate struggled
dramatically.

“You must have done this
before,” she gasped. “How many other girls have you tied up on your
bed?”

“I’m flattered, but
you are the first,” he assured her. “I have dreamed of this since I first
had sexual desires,” he said wistfully. “You are not the only one to have
fantasies you know.”

“It seems we have more
in common than we previously thought,” she said her body straining within
it’s confines. “Now hurry up. I don’t know how long I can stand this.”

“You’ll stand it for
as long as it takes,” he said masterfully.

Kate suddenly realised
that he was serious. She was his now, at his mercy and under his control. She
must accept whatever he did, and endure whatever he pleased. She had given him
her permission and there was no turning back. She would now see whether
fantasy could become reality or whether it would turn into a nightmare. A
finger probed her most private area disturbing her thoughts.

“You are wet,” he
chided “and after I took such trouble to dry you off.”

Kate grunted. What did he
expect? The whole idea was to turn her on, and he was doing a pretty good job
of it too.

He now left quickly
leaving Kate to face up to her situation. She was desperate for relief. Her
pussy was sore from the rubbing it had received during the day, and it had
left an itch that, bound as she was, she could not scratch. She was naked,
exposed, and helpless, in a comparative stranger’s bedroom. This was unreal.
Surely she would wake up in a minute. As her legs and back started to ache due
to the position she was in and she knew it was no dream. She could not even
see the door. When a key turned in the lock she caught her breath. It was as
if the whole world stood still.

“I see you are still
here.” The now familiar voice of her captor let her breathe again.

“Where else would I
be?” she grunted.

“Well, I was right. You
do look irrisistable.”

She blushed and closed her
eyes to avoid his. She was facing him now, on her side, as far as she could,
her hips and breasts pushed towards him. She looked up and saw lust on his
face with his mouth almost drooling.

“Come and get me,” she
challenged. “I’m all yours.”

She was not prepared for
what happened next. He took up her challenge and descended on her helpless
body. It was as if he was an octopus with three heads and eight arms, his
hands and mouth seemed to be everywhere. She could not avoid him, or control
where he went. Her tits were squeezed and her nipples pulled and sucked. He
explored every part of her that was available to him. Even her lips were not
left unkissed. The feelings were intense, but there was no satisfaction or
relief to the itch that was now almost unbearable. She felt his head between
her legs and an exploratory tongue danced in. She would have come in a moment
but he sensed it and withdrew. It took all her self control not to scream in
frustration. He retreated from her looking flushed and flurried.

“That was naughty of
you,” he panted. “You nearly made me make you come before me. I can see I
will have to be more careful. I now understand what they mean when they say
that it is the submissive who is really in control.”

“I’m sure I don’t
know what you mean,” she groaned. He was obviously more versed in this type
of activity than he would have her believe. “I would not know who they are,
let alone what they say or do.”

He was calming down. She
was amazed at the effect she was having on him.

“I think it’s time for
a review.” He said slowly.

“I would appreciate a
change of position." she said, her voice straining. "This is getting
to be uncomfortable to say the least.”

“You are also not able
to service me as you are,” he agreed. “A change will be necessary.”

She had half hoped he had
forgotten the idea of sucking him off. It was not something she relished,
having tried it once and almost choked. He released the tie between her hands
and feet and she stretched out gratefully.

“Roll onto your
front,” he ordered. “Let me retie your hands behind your back.”

Once again, she allowed
him to untie and retie her hands. There was no point in fighting him. If she
wanted relief, and there was no doubt about that, she would have to comply
with his demands. He bound her hands expertly behind her lashing them to the
ropes that still hugged her waist. She assumed that would be it, but he took
more rope and bound her arms. He sat her up and tied up her breasts winding in
and out of her bra and over the nipples encasing them in a cage of rope that
pinched and rubbed her. The ropes were permanently stimulating her and yet
irritating at the same time. Finally he untied her ankles only to retie them
together with another at her knees.

“Are you sure you have
used enough rope?” she said accusingly.

“Might as well enjoy it
while I can,” he countered, “I like to see you squirm.”

She obliged him squirming
as best she could, but he had left her with little possible movement .

“So when do I get to see
the merchandise?” she demanded.

“All in good time,” he
assured her. “It is still quite early. I fancy something to eat. Do you want
anything?”

“I’m a bit tied up at
the moment!” she said dryly, but allowed herself to grin.

“Very amusing! I will
make you pay for that remark later.”

Actually, she was
ravenous. She had not eaten since lunch and the afternoon had been quite a
strain both mentally and suprisingly, physically. He produced a meat pie and
started to consume it. It looked delicious.

“I suppose I have to beg
for it?” she said meekly.

“No, just ask nicely.
There is plenty here if you don’t mind being fed.”

“I don’t seem to have
much choice. Yes, I would appreciate some pie, and a sandwich or two if
there’s some going.”

It was quite embarrassing
being fed like a child. She could not even wipe her own mouth or brush away
the inevitable crumbs. He was attentive and considerate, but he did not untie
her.

“So how long have you
had these kidnap fantasies?” he asked when they had finished the meal.

Kate was reluctant to
discuss such matters but it was clear that Mick was in no hurry to bring
proceedings to a conclusion. She squirmed uncomfortably. Still perched on the
edge of the bed she had nothing to lean on.

“If we are not going to
do anything physical for a while could I change my position?" she asked
trying to distract him. "I have been sitting like this for nearly an
hour,” she explained.

“Oh I’m sorry,"
he said looking embarrassed, "I’m still new at this captive game. Now,
let me see.”

She could almost see his
mind whirling as he contemplated his next move. His plans had obviously not
progressed this far. He approached her and placed one arm behind her and the
other under her legs. She felt his muscles tense and to her amazement found
herself lifted into mid air. He was stronger than he looked! A gasp escaped
her lips. He carried her over towards the chair and slowly let her stand just
in front of it. She stood up straight and allowed the kinks to come out of her
back. She had been unconsciously leaning forward to keep her balance on the
edge of the bed and despite being encased in ropes it was quite a relief to be
able to stretch her back.

He seemed to sense her
need for a moment’s rest. She would not be able to stand for long without
being able to open her legs for balance, but he let her teeter while she
flexed what muscles were available to her. He guided her onto the seat. She
watched him remove a belt from his dressing gown and pulled her waist against
the back of the seat with it. He then untied her legs and lashed each one to
the front legs of the chair.

“How's that?” he
asked.

She could not resist,
“not out.”

“Oh a cricket lover are
we?” he smiled.

“I’m not a fanatic but
I do watch the Test matches if I can,” she confessed.

“Now where were we. Oh
yes you were going to tell me about your fantasies. This time we are both
sober.”

Kate squirmed as much as
this new position would let her.

“Actually, I was trying
not to,” she said honestly.

“So lets see if you are
ticklish,” he suggested and lightly rubbed either side of her waist. She
jumped within her confines and he looked for a more sensitive area. He ran his
nails lightly up the inside of her thigh and she struggled wildly unable to
avoid this new attack to her helpless body.

“Ahh, “he said softly.

He tickled her mercilessly
util she went red in the face. This was an activity she had not thought of.
She was completely defenceless to his dancing fingers and was soon bucking and
laughing uncontrollably. He let her rest.

“You were saying?” he
purred.

“No, I won’t,” she
answered petulantly.

He started again. She was
very ticklish. He played with her and she resisted
until he lifted under her foot.

“No!” she almost
screamed, “I give in. Stop!”

He relented. She was hot
again now, her ribs ached from laughing and straining and she was exhausted.
She was also defeated. He would get his answer now.

“I used to read Nancy
Drew mysteries," she explained, "
Nancy
was always getting tied up somewhere. It
seemed quite exciting. Then when ever I saw someone being tied up on
television I found myself getting horny. It’s not that there was any sex in
it, but my mind seemed to freak out at the thought of being tied up. I have
not persued the idea and never considered getting into any sort of bondage
relationship. Never the less I get recurring dreams and on at least one
occasion, I think, I even came in my sleep.”

She stopped abruptly
having revealed slightly more than she intended. This being tied up and
tickled had put a completely different perspective on things. She was opening
up to this man much more than she had ever done to anyone else. It was as if
he really had captured her.

He approached her again
and she tensed, expecting more tickles but this time he planted a kiss on her
lips. He stood back and reached to unbutton his shirt. He was obviously very
self conscious at stripping in front of her. She watched with a growing sense
of excitement as he slowly peeled off his clothes. She would have run her
hands over the naked flesh that swayed tantalisingly before her, but she was
still held firm by his bondage.

When he stood before her
completely naked she had a unique view of him. She was sitting level with his
belly button and his cock was standing firmly in front of her. He came towards
her and she could smell his excitement. He rubbed himself on her and she drank
him in, surprised at her own enthusiasm. She was very restricted, tied firmly
to the chair. He bent down and released her legs and removed the belt from
around her waist. Her upper body was still encased in ropes but she was now
free to move off the chair. He encouraged her to kneel and she leant toward
his manhood, but he stopped her. She was puzzled. He helped her to her feet
and then sat on the chair she had been tied to. He pulled her towards him and
she felt him cradle her like a baby. They kissed passionately. He allowed her
to kneel in front of him and encouraged her to kiss his chest, even his
nipples. She sucked one and was pleased with his response. He guided her back
to his straining cock.

Despite her previous
reservations she took to her task with gusto. She licked up and down and was
surprised that the taste did not seem unpleasant. His dome was protruding from
his foreskin, loaded and waiting. She encased it in her mouth and sucked
gently. She felt his hands on her head encouraging more movement and was soon
bobbing up and down to his rhythm.

The first spurt hit the
back of her throat like a hot poker and she almost gagged. He did not hold her
in place but she stayed anyway. It was salty, it was warm and she drank it
like nectar. There was a groan of satisfaction and he pushed her away. She
knelt back on her heels and looked at him spent and relaxed, his eyes half
closed obviously revelling the sensations. Her mouth burned but there was also
a feeling lower down that burned even more. It was clear that he would not be
able to service her with his cock, at least not in the foreseeable future. It
had shrivelled to a little mound and looked quite pathetic, she decided.

He stirred from his
reverie and came crouching towards her. He bowled her onto the floor hard on
her hands but there was no time to consider any discomfort. He was all over
her again with mouth and hands. This time he was not going to stop. She felt
herself pulling at the rope that still held her hands as he needed and sucked
each breast. The ropes on her were pulled and moved to allow him access to her
flesh, the tugging and pinching just adding to her sensations making it feel
like his hands were everywhere. With her legs free she was laying on her back
open to him and he buried his mouth in her pussy. She had never been
stimulated this way before and his dancing tongue was too light to send her
into orgasm. He then started sucking and the sensation blew her mind. The
first climax was big but he did not stop and she could not stop him. She
spread her legs wide welcoming the next orgasm as he sucked with gusto. She
lost count of her climaxes and had to shout for him to stop. He pulled away
and she slammed her legs shut rolling back and forth trying to control the
feelings that overwhelmed her.

When she finally came back
to her senses she found she was still tied tight on his floor. He was perched
on the edge of the bed staring at her with a look that she could only describe
as wonder and adoration. She was starting to stiffen from all her exertions
but it did not seem to matter.

“Where do we go from
here?” she asked quietly.

“First, we have to get
you out of those ropes,” he said, getting up

“That’s not what I
meant and you know it,” she chided, backing away slightly.

He slumped back and she
looked at him with new eyes. His strength and bravado were gone. He looked
almost petrified at the thought of what he had done.

“That was amazing,”
she said encouragingly, “I have never had sex like it. Thank you.”

He looked surprised.

“Thank me? After all I
have done to you,” he gasped.

“It was my ultimate
fantasy and you made it happen,” she said assuringly.

“You weren’t so bad
yourself.”

“So where do we go from
here?”

“You told me that you
were not looking for a relationship.”

“I might have changed my
mind.”

“Go back to your room
and sleep on it,” he suggested, “if you can face me in the morning, maybe
we have got a future. If not, well it was fun”

He untied her completely.
She took a few minutes to gain her strength before dressing. There were marks
all over her body where the ropes had been. It was just as well it was now
dark, she might not have to explain to any one where they came from. She hoped
so any way.

Back in her room she
played the day back in her mind. It had been a shock, an endurance, and a
revelation; but she dropped of to sleep with a smile on her face.

Ends
