---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Scanned, Shipped, Printed
authors:
- Baron Law
tags:
- F+-m
- Sbm
- sarcophagus
- enclosed
- mast
- sex
- group
- sendep
- remote
- tease
- denial
- buttplug
- enema
- milking
- transported
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-04-06 00:00:00
---

### Part 2

### Q&A session

Sunday night at 8pm, Phil, Paula and Maggie were relaxing on the beat up old leather sofa in Paula’s 3-D printer lab at the Fantastic Plastic’s factory. Phil was still recovering from being sealed into a series of 3-D printed plastic sarcophagi that had been built to hold him in extreme bondage based on a body scan taken of him (see Part 1). His friends had improved the sarcophagus from a plain container, to an interactive version 2, that had used and drained him repeatedly at their command.

Both of the women were asking Phil questions about his recent experiences.

“So what’s the scariest part?” Paula asked him.

“When the lid shuts and I hear those clicks as you set the locks.” Phil’s body gave an involuntary shudder at the memory. “That’s like nailing the lid of a coffin shut, at that point I am truly stuck and it all hits home. My heart races, my body attempts to move and fails. I take a few deep breaths and settle down, which helps. But that is still a very scary moment.”

Maggie piped up. “So if that’s the scariest part what’s the sexiest part?”

Phil grinned sheepishly “You may not believe this, but the scariest part is also the sexiest.”

“Oh really?” Paula prompted.

“So after the panic passes and the adrenaline surge is still lingering in my system, and the reality of being completely stuck and at the mercy of the people outside.” Phil smiled at that memory “Well that’s when my little friend makes an appearance.”

“I told you,” Maggie commented “The more stuck he is, the hornier he gets.”

Phil blushed but nodded his head yes in agreement.

“So how could we improve things? You already can’t move a muscle in there,” Paula asked thoughtfully.

“Mirror on the ceiling,” Maggie answered.

“How would that help?” Phil asked, puzzled by Maggie’s comment.

“Not literally a mirror on the ceiling,” Maggie explained, “I mean some way for you to watch it happening.”

“Ooooh,” Phil replied, intrigued by the idea.

Maggie continued, “Just think of all the ways we could torment you, while you lay completely helpless inside. Unable to move a muscle, just watching helplessly.”

Paula added “You could have watched as we 3-D printed those outer shells over your inner sarcophagus.”

“Watching as all access to the lid and my release were sealed under layer after layer of plastic.” Phil’s voice trailed off as his cock hardened at the thought.

Paula and Maggie exchanged knowing looks.

Phil suddenly asked “Which reminds me, why is there a “Golden Shell” hanging from a chain hoist?”

Paula chuckled “Funny story, you really were stuck.”

“What does that mean, really stuck?” Phil asked worriedly.

“Well when we printed the last outer shell, I accidentally switched the material to the metal impregnated plastic we developed for car parts.” Paula admitted.

“Which meant what?” Phil prompted her.

“That we’d never have been able to safely cut it open, and it weighed far too much for Paula and I to lift off your sarcophagus.” Maggie told him brightly, as if announcing she had bought a new hat.

“So wait, I was really honestly trapped?” Phil looked a little shocked.

“Until Maggie thought up the chain hoist idea, yes.” Paula admitted to him.

Phil looked at them both “What was the backup plan?”

Maggie looked thoughtful “I suppose we would have had to recruit some help to lift it.”

“That’s an explanation I wouldn’t want to make.” Phil commented with a snort.

“It all worked out, thankfully.” Paula smiled.

Phil stared at the shell hanging from the hoist. “It is a lovely color though.”

“Too heavy and too expensive for a full sarcophagus.” Paula hastened to tell him.

“I understand, but I’ve got to say the fact that it’s effectively uncuttable is a turn on. Plus the golden bronze color is very King Tut’s tomb, if you know what I mean.” Phil remarked wistfully.

Paula nodded, not saying anything more about the metal plastic.

### Third time's the charm

Maggie interjected “Back to version 3, discussion!”

Paula listed items “So all the accessories of version 2 of course. Plus a space above Phil’s head to insert a small wifi enabled tablet and we’ll pre-connect that to a webcam, so he can watch what happens.”

“Can we do anything with his nipples?” Maggie asked, thinking out loud.

“There’s plenty of room in the lid to run equipment.” Paula replied. “What did you have in mind?”

Maggie turned her phone to show Paula something. “”Can you make room for this?”

Paula shielded the phone from Phil’s view before answering “Oh yes, that’s easy enough.”

Phil made a sound of protest and remarked “More secrets?”

“You love it Phil!” Maggie retorted.

Paula stood and stretched, then took up her position at the computer console.

Half talking to herself , half talking to her friends she started the program up.

“Version 2.0 loaded, modify to hold a screen… hollow spaces here and here... space for the motor there… we wanted even more locking latches and locking pins… some aesthetic upgrades...” Paula double checked her work. “Ready to print.”

Phil looked startled “That quickly? How long will it take?”

“A little under 24 hours, give or take 30 minutes.” Paula told him, but then pointed to the print area “As soon as we get the old one out of the way of course.”

“Do you recycle prototypes?” Phil asked her.

Paula told Phil “Yes we have a large scale shred room, which will turn even the toughest plastics into tiny shreds to be turned back into plastic printing reels.”

“If the loading dock has a flatbed dolly, I can load it all up for you ladies to take down there.” Phil gestured at his naked body. “Since I can’t be seen on surveillance cameras dressed like this.”

Maggie commented “I think there was one down there, I’ll run and get it.”

Phil wandered into the printing area to inspect the sarcophagus and see how heavy it was. He also examined the golden shell hanging from the chain hoist. Paula meanwhile was pulling the devices and tubing and wiring out of the Sarcophagus version 2 to reuse in the soon to be printed version 3 model. When she was done she closed and locked the lid.

Maggie returned with the flatbed dolly and wheeled it to Phil.

Phil parked it behind the hanging end of the golden shell and lowered the hoist. When the foot of the shell touched down he pushed on the dolly to swing the shell. He kept pressure on it and had Maggie continue lowering it. Eventually it wound up laying flat upside down on the cart. Phil unhooked it and had Paula and Maggie help him pile the two other black shells inside the gold shell, also upside down. Using a pry bar Phil popped the sarcophagus off the print area and managed to keep it off the ground by several inches, this allowed Maggie to slip the chain under the head of the sarcophagus and secure the chain around it. Phil then pulled the sarcophagus up till it cleared the various empty shells laying on the dolly.

With carefully maneuvering and help from the ladies he managed to get the sarcophagus inside the shells and safely on the flatbed.

“Can the two of you push this down to shredding?” Phil asked.

Maggie and Paula grabbed the handrail and started pushing. WIth a little effort they got it rolling and out the doors and headed to the company shredding and recycling facilities.

They pushed the heavy cart through a large set of double doors and positioned it near a conveyor belt that took the plastic up and into a hopper. Since the end of the sarcophagus and the various shells hung off the flatbed dolly they were able to get the ends onto the belt.

“Maggie, hold that flatbed handle, I’ll start the belt up and if we are lucky the belt wll pull everything off for us.” Paula asked Maggie.

 Paula headed to the control pedestal. She waited for Maggie to give her a go sign, then turned a large key and pressed a button. The Conveyor belt started up and there was enough of an overlap that the belt pulled the shells and the sarcophagus right off the flatbed dolly. It was halfway to the hopper when Paula stopped the belt.

“Need to get the shredder up to speed before the belt feeds it in.” Paula explained “Also here, wear these.” She said while handing Maggie a set of ear muffs.

Both of them put on the hearing protection as Paula started up the motor for the shredder. It was much louder than the conveyor belt. There was a speed indicator and Paula let the needle creep ever higher until it was safely in the green zone on the dial, indicating it was up to proper speed. Then she pressed the conveyor belt into motion again. The golden shell and the various other shells and sarcophagus rose up the ramp majestically and then disappeared from view, falling into the large hopper above the whirling blades of the shredding mechanism. A horrendous sound, like a slow motion car crash emerged from the hopper. Paula and Maggie both flinched as the crunching and grinding went on for several minutes, eventually shreds of plastic and several gallons of water emerged from the bottom of the device and were carried off on a smaller conveyor belt and out of sight through a hole in the wall. The sounds stopped and when no more plastic appeared Paula shut down the process.

Maggie gingerly removed the hearing protection and a little loudly remarked “That was impressive!”

Paula nodded as she replaced her own hearing protection in the proper place. “It is impressive and loud!”

They both took their time returning to the lab. This time Phil had managed not to climb into the version 1 sarcophagus in their absence.

“I half expected to find you inside it.” Maggie told him while patting the first model. Paula meanwhile had activated the printer to begin outputting the version 3 sarcophagus.

“Sorry to disappoint you ladies, but I am absolutely starving.” Phil gave them a patented sad puppy look “Any chance you can rustle up something for me to eat?”

“You must be hungry!” Paula said contritely. “I’ll grab some things for you from the cafeteria.”

“I’ll help you,” Maggie told her friend.

They returned as quickly as possible loaded down with a variety of foods, both hot and cold for Phil, and had an impromptu picnic in the lab.

Laying back on the sofa, feeling much better with some food in his belly, Phil glanced over to the 3-D printer working its way through the designs for Sarcophagus Version 3.

“So what exactly is the plan, ladies? Phil asked in a reasonable tone.

Maggie turned to Paula “It’s Sunday night around 10pm, the holiday is tomorrow and the workers won’t be back till Tuesday morning?”

Paula nodded her head yes.

“So we need to smuggle Phil out of here before anyone sees him first thing Tuesday.” Maggie smiled.

“Yes….that is right.” Phil added “You do recall my clothes, wallet and car keys are sitting in a warehouse somewhere across town, along with my car.”

“Yes, I know. It’s all been planned for.” Maggie’s smile grew even wider.

Phil grew quiet, suddenly worried about Maggie’s very wide smile. Now he knew how Alice felt meeting the Cheshire Cat.

“I think we could all use some sleep.” Paula flopped onto the sofa.

At the mention of sleep, Phil yawned, then Maggie and then Paula. They all piled onto the sofa and pulled the blanket over themselves. Exhausted, they fell asleep within minutes.

### Monday Morning Holiday

Phil awoke with a bit of a jolt, confused by where he was at first. The memories came flooding back and he carefully untangled himself from the sofa and his friends limbs, then headed to the restroom.

Paula and Maggie made sleepy protests at his movements but then promptly fell back asleep before he was even out the door.

Phil felt odd walking down the brightly lighted factory hallway bare naked, the contrast between the industrial hallway and his nakedness a stark reminder that they could be discovered at any moment if any of Paula’s co-workers came into work unexpectedly. Gratefully he slipped into the mens room undiscovered and took his time using the facilities and then taking a “disco bath” in the sink. He grinned at his reflection in the mirror.

“You are the kinkiest bastard in the world, and the luckiest.” He smiled at himself, thinking about the incredible series of events he had experienced so far this long holiday weekend.

He rubbed his chin and wished he had his toothbrush and a razor handy, both his face and teeth felt kind of fuzzy. But even without those items, he still felt much better after cleaning up and headed back to the lab.

He slipped into the lab as quietly as he could, trying to let the women sleep in as long as they liked. He padded over to the 3-D printer and watched the nozzles racing around inside for a while. Sighing, he took a seat at the bench and picked at some of the leftover food from the night before. There was a granola bar and a leftover diet coke, so he ate and drank to take the edge off his hunger.

Meanwhile the women were softly snoring away under the blanket on the sofa. Phil checked the time, it was nearly 11:30 am. He checked the status of the print job, it was 55% done, with approx 7 hours and 23 minutes to go. So the newest one would be ready around 7 PM tonight, idly he wondered if they would have time to test drive it before Maggie’s plan to smuggle him out of the building needed to happen.

### **Bored and Kinky, a dangerous combo**.

Phil got up and stretched his muscles, doing some squats and lunges, twisting his neck and arching his back. But he soon grew bored doing exercises and was worried anything more strenuous would wake up his friends. Without snooping too much he gave the lab and the furniture a quick once over, hoping to find an abandoned paperback or something to read. Apparently Paula was an “e-reader” as there were no novels or manuals to be found. Sighing he took a seat at the lab bench again, his eyes scanning the room for some kind of distraction.

He had zoned out, lost in memory, when his eyes focused on the first Sarcophagus, the one that had started this weekend's journey into sex and bondage. He recalled how it first felt as the lid locked in place, how his hard cock had been trapped in the lid, how he had been hard and frustrated for several hours. How his body had been locked in place by the unyielding embrace of the black plastic. Then the sudden sensation of the sarcophagus being titled, lifted, moved unexpectedly. Having no clue what was happening, or where he was going. The relief as Maggie and Paula had released him, then used him.

Phil came out of his reverie with the realization his hand was wrapped around his cock, which had responded to the memories by growing and firming up.

“Damn my dirty mind.” Phil cursed himself.

He reached for a pad of paper on the bench and a sharpie, he scribbled a note.

*“Yes, I’ve locked myself inside the original sarcophagus again. Couldn’t resist, I was bored. I can’t tell you to do anything, but I can ask. You are in complete control, keep me locked up, or use me when you want, in either case see you later. Phil.”*

He tore the sheet off the pad and pulled a couple of inches of scotch tape off the dispenser. He hopped off the stool and taped the note to the top of the sarcophagus lid. He listened to the girls snoring away on the sofa and using his legs and arms in sequence he got the lid to start to close. He reached a point where he had to insert his hard cock into the tube in the lid, then transfer from using his leg to using his arm to finish lowering the lid.

He made sure his head and body were properly positioned and then let the lid shut. The momentary air cushion effect before the air could escape out the mouthpiece and breathing tubes, allowed him the split seconds he needed to position his hand in the correct place. Nothing was pinched, his cock was safely in the proper location, mentally he relaxed into the bondage.

Reveling with the precision of it all, how nothing he could do made any difference. His cock swelled at the thought and he gave his hips that slight flex that was all he could move, thrusting his shaft the slight amount needed for his head to slip past the ridge that had been programmed into the design. As he relaxed his hips again, his cock head was stuck now, and that thought made him all the harder guaranteeing it couldn’t be easily pulled free.

He moaned to himself wondering when the girls would discover him and what decision they would make, locking him up for hours or setting him free to use?

### It’s a trap

Paula watched through slitted eyes while she made soft fake snoring sounds. As she had expected and discussed with Maggie while Phil was using the bathroom, he was climbing into the sarcophagus. Maggie had guessed right, Phil had just locked himself inside.

She sat up and Maggie did too. Maggie said to Paula “I knew if he got bored he’d put himself in there.”

“Horny and bored is a dangerous combination.” Paula agreed with Maggie.

Maggie stretched “Let’s use the restroom and then decide what to do with him today.”

Paula nodded and stood up. “After all he’s not going anywhere.”

The two friends padded off to the bathroom and then over to the cafeteria to grab some food and drinks. Returning to the lab to find everything as they had left it.

Maggie wandered over to read the note Phil had left, she snorted after reading it. Handing it to Paula to read next.

“Shall we tell him our decision?” Paula asked Maggie as she placed her hands on the lid ready to lock it.

Maggie placed her hands on two of the other locks “On the count of 3, 1-2-Lock!’

Paula and Maggie raced to lock all 12 pins. The sound of all 12 clicks locking in place in about the same number of seconds, a clear message to Phil that he was not being released.

The women laughing at the thought of Phil’s face as he heard the locks all slamming into place, wandered over to the sofa and flopped down.

“Now the other countdown.” Maggie told Paula.

Paula looked confused. “Other countdown?”

Maggie nodded and replied “You know how Phil said the scariest and sexiest parts of the experience were hearing all the locks slam shut?”

“Oh yes, he did say that.” Paula nodded in agreement.

“So I figure about 10-20 seconds after he panics, he realizes he can’t do anything about it and gets hornier than hell.” Maggie chuckled. “So right about now, his hard cock has locked itself into the lid and he is wishing it was the newest version where I could remotely finish him off. Instead he has to stay hard, horny and helpless, until we let him out.”

Paula smiled “Luckily we both know he is both suffering and enjoying it.”

Maggie agreed “He gets hornier the more stuck he is, I get hornier controlling and knowing how stuck he is.”

Paula chuckled, “That is what we call a feedback loop in engineering.”

“I always told him, it might lead to him being very very stuck,” Maggie admitted. “Right now, knowing he is completely helpless, and under my absolute control is making me very very horny.”

Paula blushed and added, “It’s winding me up too. When you first proposed this idea I’ll admit I was unsure how it would work out. How does locking Phil up get us off?”

Maggie smiled “And yet…?”

“Okay so it turns out I have a dominant side too.” Paula smiled.

“And…” Maggie prompted.

“And having complete control over Phil, using a device I designed, puts a tingle in my belly too.” Paula finally admitted.

Maggie chuckled “Feedback loop for you too as the designer.”

Paula nodded “Yes, having something I designed work so well for its intended purpose is its own special reward.”

“While Phil is locked safely away, let’s discuss future plans.” Maggie suggested.

“Yes, how are we getting him out of the building safely?” Paula asked.

“Same way he came in.” Maggie grinned “But that’s not the future plans I meant.”

“No?” Paula asked curiously

“No, I think we’ve gone as far as we can with this sarcophagus idea.” Maggie responded.

Paula asked “What do you picture next?”

### Version 4

“Picture a solid black cube, as large as you can print it.” Maggie started explaining. “It looks featureless, but like a Chinese puzzle box if you press in the right spot, a faint click is heard. That click leads to the next click, etc, etc. It splits in half approximately, the top rising on guides in each corner. The top stops about 20 inches off the base. The inside is a man-shaped hollow. It’s wired for sight and sound inside, plumbing attachments and a drinks nozzle. There’s a switch outside the hollow space but nearby to the right hand. Someone could lay in the space and flip that switch. That would release the lid and it would slowly move down the guide rods. Slowly enough the occupant could get into the correct position and to insert body parts into the proper receptacles.”

Paula listened raptly to Maggie’s description of the potential device.

Maggie continued “Imagine being in between those slabs of plastic, you flip the switch and arrange yourself, watching the lid slowly but inevitably lowering towards you. You make sure your cock goes into the proper receptacle and quickly put your arm back in the correct place. It’s 2 inches away, an inch away, suddenly it’s sealed shut. The pegs as they sink into the holes that hold them, press down on levers that activate the locks. The sound and vibration is loud in the victims ears. Watching through the live feed on the screen in front of your eyes, you observe nothing but a featureless black cube, a monolith of sorts, sealed forever.”

“Sealed forever?” Paula asked concerned.

“No” Maggie reassured her “Just not easily opened, you’d have to know those Chinese puzzle box steps and they can only be pressed from the outside. So ‘sealed forever’ for the person inside at least.”

“Who would be crazy enough to lock himself into an inescapable….” Paula’s voice trailed off as Maggie waved at the closed lid of the original sarcophagus with Phil trapped inside by his own hands.

Maggie laughed and Paula snorted “Phil would!” they said almost together.

“Impressive idea, a monolith in black plastic.” Paula commented “The featureless black cube is very stark and impressively solid looking.”

“But the sarcophagus concept carries some history with it, mummies, tombs, etc.” Paula continued her explanation. “What if we take version 3 of the sarcophagus and print it inside a black cube?”

“So Phil would climb into the sarcophagus, which would be placed inside the Cube?” Maggie questioned.

“No, we’d just print the base of the cube and continue it directly into a new sarcophagus, that way it’s all one piece. Then print the sides and lid of the cube right over the top of the sarcophagus. It would be all one object.” Paula outlined her idea.

“Gotcha” Maggie nodded along. “So we get the human shaped inner sarcophagus and the tomb-like outer monolith design all in one. With a creamy Phil center at the heart of it all.”

“Exactly,” Paula beamed.

Maggie clapped her hands in appreciation.

“That would take several days to program and print,” Paula estimated. “So it’ll have to wait for another time.”

“Future plans,” Maggie agreed.

### Me so horny

“So meanwhile, what about today?” Paula asked Maggie “Because all this talk is only making me hornier.”

Maggie nodded “Honestly, me too.”

“So it’s been 30-40 minutes since we locked Phil inside.” Paula glanced at a clock on the wall. “No doubt he’s been hard since the lid shut. Why don’t we open it up, pull Phil out, and fuck him till we explode.”

“I like this idea, a lot.” Maggie was already getting up and walking to the sarcophagus.

The two of them started unlocking the lid, this early model didn’t have any lockouts for doing it wrong, so each of them just worked a latch and unlocked each of the 12 pegs.

They gently pried the two halves apart and slowly raised the lid, recalling the first time “little Phil” had been stuck in the lid. They successfully opened it up and looked down at a naked Phil, his hard cock staring back at them.

Phil remarked quietly “That didn’t seem like 7 hours or so?”

“It wasn’t, we were going to fuck your brains out, but if you’d rather stay locked up for the next 6 or more hours…” Maggie allowed her voice to trail off.

Phil sat up quickly “No, No, just wondering what was happening. Fucking is a great idea!”

Maggie helped Phil out of the body groove and led him over to the sofa, pushing him backwards. Phil fell onto his back and smiled up at her.

“Time to earn all this special treatment you’ve been getting my Pet.” Maggie pulled her pants off and straddled Phil’s head. “Paula you can have the cock, I’m going to make use of his tongue and hands.”

Phil reached up and above his head, his hands seeking out Maggie’s breasts while she lowered her wet pussy over his mouth. Her moans were sincere and loud. Meanwhile Paula had stripped out of her clothes and had soon straddled Phil’s hips, inserting his hard cock inside her. While Phil massaged Maggie’s breasts, Maggie reached out for Paula’s breasts. Paula’s moans soon matched Maggie’s and Phil was making his own noises.

All three were very horny, and wanted to orgasm, Maggie was the first to cum from Phil’s talented tongue and hands. She found herself grinding her pussy onto his face and accidentally cutting off his air supply. Gasping for air around her grinding, and with Paula riding his cock hard Phil was the next to go, nearly blacking out in the process. Feeling Phil’s cock surge and pump inside her, Paula shuddered her way to a pleasant orgasm or three. Maggie lifted herself off Phil’s face carefully. While Paula sank down onto his hips and leaned on his chest. All of them were panting and gasping, sweaty and glistening from bodily fluids.

A quick glance at the wall clock showed all of them that barely 30 minutes had passed before they had all blown their loads and were spent. By mutual consent they rearranged themselves on the long sofa, pulled a blanket over the pile of naked bodies and were soon taking a nap.

### Version 3 ready

The sound of an alarm going off woke all of them with a start. Maggie remarked, “You really need to reprogram that alert Paula,” as they untangled themselves from each other.

Paula cleared the alert and checked the status: “Job Complete, Successful” the screen told her.

Phil stood and stretched, wandering over to the glass enclosure to look at the latest model.

“It looks like the first one, but shinier?” Phil remarked. “There’s like a glitter effect.”

Paula told him “Good eye, I wasn’t sure it would be visible.”

“Wasn’t sure what would be visible?” Maggie asked the question, both of them were thinking.

“Phil was so impressed with the uncuttable, unmeltable, super plastic.” Paula started to explain.

“But that was a gold color.” Phil interrupted her.

“Yes, the pure version is golden colored.” Paula continued patiently. “But as Maggie saw in the recycle room, when you shred a mixed batch of plastics there’s no easy way to separate them. So when we recycle mixed plastics that will make a reel that’s not pure black or pure gold, it’s halfway between. Stronger than the easily cut black, but without the heat distribution of the gold.”

“With a lovely glitter effect in the right lighting.” Maggie added.

“Plus it lets me use recycled plastic reels.” Paula explained “Since we can’t quantify the percentage of each material in the mix precisely, they are considered worthless for production purposes.

Phil was staring through the glass at the gold flecked black sarcophagus. “So it’s heavier, stronger and nearly uncuttable?”

“Before a diamond tipped saw blade could make a serious dent, the plastic would start to melt and fuse back together behind the cutting blade.” Paula explained. “So instead of cutting the locking latches, you’d effectively be welding the lid shut.”

Maggie had come up behind Phil and leaned into his naked back and looked around him at the sarcophagus.

She added “The only way out of there is with the unlocking sequence, and only Paula and I know it.” She felt Phil’s body shiver at her words.

Paula shut down her computer console, saving all the design specs first. “So what’s next, Maggie Mastermind?”

“Phil, we need you to load the version 1 sarcophagus onto the flatbed to shred.” Maggie started issuing orders. “While I do that, Paula, you need to install the toys from Version 2 into Version 3 and add those new features we discussed. “

Paula looked concerned for a moment “Are you sure you can run the shredder?”

“Master key to on, press conveyor “up” button to load, make sure the shredder is up to speed before loading the hopper. Run the lower conveyor belt to move the material into the recycle room. Shut everything off, master key to off.” Maggie ticked the steps off on her fingers. “Oh and wear hearing protection.”

Phil had managed to wrestle the version 1 sarcophagus onto the flatbed dolly. “It’s much lighter than it looks,” he remarked. “Especially with me not in it.”

Maggie easily pushed it through the lab doors, down the halls and into the shred room. Following the steps she had outlined earlier, she was able to shred the old one and return to the lab with the flatbed.

Paula was inside the open sarcophagus installing the devices to tease and torment Phil. Phil meanwhile was apparently using the restroom, as he was not in the lab.

“While we are alone, here’s the plan to get Phil out of here.” Maggie began to tell Paula as she worked.

Paula nodded and kept installing devices. “Yes, do tell.”

“We are going to get him to test drive this new one.” Maggie told her “But in reality he’ll spend all tonight and some of the morning trapped inside. Then when your offices open Tuesday morning, we’ll get your shipping department to rebuild that shipping crate around him, we’ll order a delivery truck to pick him up and deliver it back to the warehouse where he started this weekend. Full circle.”

Paula applauded “Very clever, but one problem. We both smell like a weekend bender of sex and sweat and our clothes are more than a little funky.”

Maggie frowned and took a moment to smell her own shirt. “Yeah, you are right, I kinda went nose blind. We’ll need to shower and change before Tuesday morning.”

Paula had been steadily working on the various devices and announced “All done!”

Maggie commented “That was fast.”

“My second run through, really the only new things were the tablet viewing screen and those small nipple openings.” Paula explained. “Too bad we couldn’t get any new toys to add with it being a holiday today.”

“Yeah, no next day delivery on a holiday.” Maggie agreed. “But wait till version 4, you and I can go through the sex toy website and find every remote operated toy they have to throw into the Monolith ultimate sarcophagus version 4.”

Paula just nodded and hopped off the sarcophagus.

Maggie pulled Paula to her side “So here’s what we tell Phil when he gets back…”

### Setting the stage

Phil re-appeared a few minutes later.

“So is it ready?” Phil asked them eagerly.

“Yes, but we need you to help us clean things up here before you get to test drive it.” Maggie told him.

Paula was already moving around the lab collecting empty food wrappers, bowls and soda cans.

Maggie continued “It has to look as close as possible to how it looked last Friday night, when Paula turned off the internal security cameras.”

Phil turned to Paula and asked her “When did you turn off the security cameras?”

Paula thought for a moment. “It was right after the loading dock delivered your first sarcophagus still strapped down to the board from the shipping crate.”

Phil paused before exclaiming, “But I just shredded that, why didn’t you stop me?!”

Maggie spoke up “Because this one will look close enough to the old one on a fuzzy internal security camera.”

“I’ll have to get it over to the board the first one was on.” Phil was thinking out loud “I wonder how heavy it is.”

Phil wandered over to the new one and using a pry bar levered it off the printing surface. “Hmmm. A lot heavier than the first one.” Phil started looking around “I wonder?”

“Maggie, hand me those orange shipping straps,” Phil asked her.

Using the leverage of the pry bar and with Maggie’s assistance Phil managed to get a loop around the head and a loop around the foot of the sarcophagus. Then using some rope he linked them together, then used the chain hoist to lift the heavier sarcophagus up off the floor level a foot or so in the air. He then lowered it onto the flatbed dolly and wheeled it over to the board that formed the base of the shipping crate. Having the women hold the flatbed he used his legs to shove the heavy sarcophagus off the dolly and onto the board.

He bumped and shoved it into the center where the other one had been previously. Happy with his efforts, he turned to Maggie and Paula “How’s that look? Close enough?”

Paula and Maggie examined Phil’s work.

“I think that’s just about perfect Phil.” Maggie complimented him. “Now help us gather up all the equipment we borrowed from the shipping department.”

Phil helped the women load the flatbed dolly with the ropes, chains and hoist they had borrowed. Meanwhile Maggie and Paula had gathered up all the orange straps and laid them alongside the Sarcophagus, hooked into the d-rings that ran down one side.

Looking around the room it looked approximately how it had looked that first Friday night when Phil had been delivered. They would just need to run the flatbed dolly back down to shipping and put all the items back in the proper spots.

“As a reward for all that hard work, ready to try out the new and improved Sarcophagus, Phil?” Maggie asked

Phil looked unsure. “I was hoping to rest up tonight, it’s been a really long weekend.”

Paula added “Please Phil? I’d really like to test the final set of features tonight.”

Phil smiled “How can I say no after all you’ve done for me this weekend. Just a quick test run, right?”

Maggie commented. “We can’t keep you in there too long, still gotta smuggle you out before staff arrive tomorrow morning.”

“You still haven’t told me how you plan to do that.” Phil remarked as he climbed up inside the sarcophagus. “Any more of that lube laying around?” He was suddenly reminded of the enema butt plug as it poked him in the bottom.

Maggie found the remainder of the sample pack laying on the lab bench. “Lift yourself up so I can lube it.” she told Phil.

Using his legs Phil lifted his bottom up high enough for Maggie to lube the intruder.

“Good to go,” she told him.

Phil gingerly lowered himself until it was just touching, then continued until he was fully seated in the bottom of the shaped depression. “I’m glad it's not some huge monster,” Phil chuckled.

“Next version,” Maggie remarked, grinning evilly at Phil.

Phil glanced over to the locking pegs that lined the outer edge of the lid opposite the hinged side. He started counting. “Hey that’s way more than the original 12, and even more than the 18!”

Paula glanced at the pegs “Yes, you said the sound of them locking enhanced your experience, so we added more.”

Phil dry swallowed “How many locking pegs are there now?”

It was Paula’s turn for an evil grin “24 locking pegs, in sequence or it doesn’t open.” she announced proudly.

Phil’s eyes looked more than slightly worried and he seemed to be on the verge of saying something.

Maggie looked down at him smiling. “All comfy?”

Phil said “As comfy as I can be.”

“As comfy as anyone who is about to be sealed into an inescapable, uncuttable, extreme bondage device where only two people in the world know you are inside it and only two people in the world know how to let you out.” Maggie knew her words would get Phil going, triggering his love for extreme bondage.

Maggie looked down at Phil’s body, right on cue his cock was standing upright and he had a dreamy grin on his face.

Paula was doing something on her phone “Activating the tablet and webcam. Ready to seal the lid,” she said out loud.

Maggie started closing the lid “Open your mouth Phil.” He obeyed with his eyes still shut.

Maggie reached from the side and guided his stiff manhood into the waiting receptacle in the lid. Now there wasn’t much space left for her arm so she pulled it out and with two hands slowly let the lid sink lower, the bite gag inserted itself into Phil’s open mouth. She could see the light from the active tablet illuminate his face as she shut the lid the final inch.

“Engaging locking sequence,” Paula had her notes up on her phone.

In the reverse order from the unlock sequence she toggled, slid and moved various parts of the lid, each one giving a faint click sound as the peg it activated locked in place. Both of them knew Phil was hearing it much more clearly and was counting down the locks.

“...22…23…24! “ Paula proudly announced. “That should drive Phil quite mad with lust.”

Maggie smiled over the lid at Paula. The original sarcophagus idea had been hers, but it took Paula to make the dream a reality.

“Okay what can Phil see on that tablet of his?” Maggie asked.

Paula showed Maggie her phone screen. “This is a copy of the stream I am feeding Phil right now.”

Maggie saw herself leaning over the lid of the sarcophagus looking at Paula’s phone, she turned her head and looked up trying to spot the camera.

“Okay let’s finish setting the stage.” Maggie told Paula.

They proceeded to pull the shipping straps over the lid of the sarcophagus, knowing Phil could see their every move. With two of them working together it was quickly finished. Then Maggie ratcheted the straps down, plucking them to make sure they were taut. The same dozen bright orange straps the shipping company had left with the original delivery were now strapping version 3 to the crate base.

“That should make Phil wonder what’s going on.” Maggie commented to Paula

“It’s nearly 11pm.” Paula had glanced at the time. “We still need to get all this equipment back to the loading dock.”

“Yes, this exciting weekend is rapidly coming to a close.” Maggie responded “Let me just set Phil to simmer and we’ll run this stuff down there.”

Opening the app that controlled the milker wrapped around Phil’s cock currently, she made a few setting changes. She then made a point of waving at the camera in the ceiling and blowing kisses.

The two friends took the equipment back down to shipping and put everything back where they had found it as closely as they could remember. They noted that the wooden crate the shipping company had built around Phil’s sarcophagus the first time was still stacked against a wall near the loading dock with a note “hold until released by Paula”.

They returned to the lab and flopped down on the sofa. Knowing Phil could see them on the tablet, Paula pulled out her phone and opened up the app that let her broadcast to the bluetooth headphones Phil was wearing inside.

“Enjoying the view Phil?” Paula asked him. He replied with two grunts, their yes signal.

Maggie leaned in to tell him “You may have noticed we’ve strapped your sarcophagus to the same board the shipping company used to deliver you here.” Phil grunted twice around the gag in his mouth.

“We’ll you asked how we were going to get you back to the warehouse where your clothes are?”” Maggie asked rhetorically. Phil grunted once, meaning no.

“Sorry Phil, that’s a yes.” Maggie corrected him “You are going back the same way you arrived. Locked inside, strapped down and soon to be crated.”

Paula wiggled her butt on the sofa cushion next to Maggie.” I hope they rebuild the crate here in the lab.” Paula remarked. “I’d love for Phil to see it happening and to capture it to watch again later.”

“It’s just about midnight Phil, Paula has to go home, shower and change so she can report to work tomorrow.” Maggie continued “I have to go home, shower, change and meet the delivery men at the warehouse.”

Paula whispered in Maggie’s ear.

“Paula just reminded me we have to fill your water tanks.” Maggie told Phil. “You’ll have to thank her later.”

Phil grunted twice. Before Paula turned off the app.

Working together, the two women soon had filled his bite gag tank with two gallons of drinking water. They put four gallons in the enema reserve tank.

Paula activated just the option to send sounds to Phil’s headphones.

“Goodnight Phil, sleep tight, we know you will.” Paula teased him.

Maggie added “Enjoy a good night's rest.”

They made one final sweep of the lab, turned off the main lights and Paula locked the doors behind them. They went out the main doors to find Maggie’s and Paula’s cars the only ones in the parking lot. They hugged, said goodnight and wished each other a safe trip home.

Paula lived closest to the plastic factory and was soon parking in her garage attached to her 2 bedroom apartment. Tiredly she opened her front door and hauled herself up the stairs to her bedroom. Stripping off all her clothes she hopped into a quick shower, she didn’t want to climb into her bed stinking as badly as she did. She managed to stay awake to get out of the shower and dry herself off. She checked the live feed from her lab and nothing had changed since they left. It was mere moments after her head hit the pillow and she was sound asleep.

Meanwhile Maggie lived further away from the factory and closer to the warehouse she had met Phil at the previous fateful Friday afternoon. Barely able to keep her eyes open, she hoped a cop wouldn’t pull her over thinking she was a drunk driver. But eventually she too made it home to her apartment safely, parked her car and fell into bed. Unlike Paula, Maggie just fell into her bed clothes and all, vowing to shower and change everything tomorrow.

### The view from inside

Phil helped Maggie and Paula clean up the lab and move the new sarcophagus into the position of the old one, but the open lid of the sarcophagus beckoned to him. When Maggie asked him to take it for a test drive, he pretended to hesitate. Then Paula had asked and he allowed himself to be talked into it.

It wasn’t more than a handful of minutes later he was inside it, listening to Maggie tell him how inescapable it was, and how only she and Paula would know where he was and how to get him out.

Phil could already imagine the lid shutting him away from the outside world. Maggie told him to open his mouth and he did, she handled his hard cock, inserting it into the sleeve like device. Soon after the rather phallic shaped bite gag entered his mouth rendering him unable to talk, but it did let him get water on demand.

As the lid sealed shut he noticed that the lid did not cover his nipples, there was a gap in the plastic directly above them. This must be part of the new design features the women had discussed. He wondered how it worked. But the mere gap itself was an interesting sensation and he felt his nipples harden and effectively grow into the gaps. He wondered if there was some sort of ridge or other trap for his nipples built in, like the cock ridge that had trapped his shaft in the lid.

Not long after, and at a relatively slow pace he heard the locks clicking home. 1..2…3…23…24. He released his breath and took a deep inhale, he hadn't even noticed he had been holding his breath during the locking sequence. It seemed like whoever had locked the lid was taking their time for some reason and that made him nervous. He opened his eyes and focused on the small tablet screen hanging about 5 inches away. It was a top down view of the sarcophagus, Maggie and Paula were leaning on the lid. Paula was holding her phone and Maggie looked down at it, then turned her head to look up.

The two women exchanged some words and then started handing the straps from one side of the platform to the other side, attaching them to the d-rings. Then Maggie yanked on the free end until all the straps were as tight as she could make them. Then one by one she used the ratchet device to make them even tighter. When she was done, she plucked a few of the straps to check how tight they were. The answer apparently was very tight.

Phil moaned around the gag, first they had locked him in the sarcophagus and now they had strapped the lid down using a dozen straps as tight as they could make them.

Phil noticed Maggie pulling her phone out and wondered what she was up to now. His question was soon answered as the cock milker activated its start up procedure before settling down in a low but steady pulse. At random intervals it would ramp up slightly as if it might be starting something, but then soon tapered off again to a low steady humming.

Maggie waved at the camera and blew kisses at Phil. Phil was not paying much attention to the screen at the moment, preferring to concentrate on the sensations the milker was applying to his shaft.

He saw his friends pass in and out of the camera’s range as they pushed the flatbed dolly loaded with equipment out of the room.

Maybe 30 minutes passed and the ladies came back, flopping on the sofa as if exhausted. Paula did something on her phone and their voices reached Phil’s ears.

“Enjoying the view Phil?” Paula asked him

Phil grunted yes, he was happy for any view inside the sarcophagus.

Maggie leaned in to tell him “You may have noticed we’ve strapped your sarcophagus to the same board the shipping company used to deliver you here.”

Again he grunted yes, it was hard to miss them doing that.

“We’ll you asked how we were going to get you back to the warehouse where your clothes are?”” Maggie asked rhetorically.

Phil couldn’t help himself, he grunted a short sharp “No!” Please don’t ship me back, he thought to himself.

“Sorry Phil, that’s a yes.” Maggie corrected him “You are going back the same way you arrived. Locked inside, strapped down and soon to be crated.”

“It’s just about midnight Phil, Paula has to go home, shower and change so she can report to work tomorrow.” Maggie continued “I have to go home, shower, change and meet the delivery men at the warehouse.”

“Paula just reminded me we have to fill your water tanks.” Maggie told Phil. “You’ll have to thank her later.”

The sound was turned off, but Phil still had the webcam view through the tablet, so he watched them fill and empty two 1 gallon jugs, a total of 6 times.

Paula played with her phone when they were done.

“Goodnight Phil, sleep tight, we know you will.” Paula teased him.

Maggie added “Enjoy a good night's rest.”

Then Phil watched as Paula turned off the app, they turned off the lab lights and Phil was alone. Alone and trapped inside an unbreakable bondage sarcophagus, while a penis sleeve slowly drove him insane with a very low setting with short random bursts of intense pleasure, shutting off almost immediately after.

Eventually Phil did manage short naps in between the random moments of intense activity. But to say he “slept” would have been a generous description of his night.

He must have been in one of his almost asleep states when he noticed the tablet get brighter all at once. Someone had turned on the lab lights, squinting at the sudden brightness he made out what appeared to be custodial staff moving through the lab, emptying smaller trash cans into their larger one on a cart. Having no idea what time it was, he watched them move around cleaning and curiously examining the sarcophagus strapped to the board. One of them traced a finger around the various runes and symbols carved into the lid. But they soon grew bored looking at it and moved on. No doubt they had other labs and spaces to clean up before staff arrived after the three day weekend.

Phil dozed off again, but it couldn’t have been long after the janitors had cleaned up that four men suddenly entered the room triggering the lights again. They were pushing a flatbed dolly that looked very familiar to Phil. It had a collection of plywood and some 2x4s on top, plus a five gallon bucket with several power tools hanging over the edge.

Phil was in full panic mode now. Where was Paula? Who were these men? What were they going to do?

Phil watched as they unloaded the wood around his sarcophagus and started rebuilding the shipping crate around him. The power tools made short work of the pre-cut pieces. Phil watched as an endless supply of 2 inch long wood screws constructed a box around the sarcophagus. Two men held the sides up while men number 3 and 4 used the power tools to affix it. The long sides were attached in short order and then splitting into pairs they did the head and footboards next. Several cross braces of 2x4s were placed side to side over the top of the sarcophagus. Phil watched as they fitted the top sheet of plywood over those braces and then used at least 50 more screws to fasten the lid down and reinforce the sides.

Phil heard an odd sound and realized he was whimpering to himself. He watched as the men sealed the sarcophagus inside a wooden shipping crate that was already tightly strapped to the bottom of the crate, which had already been locked shut with 24 locking latches that only two people in the whole world could open!

Just then the device strapped to his cock went into overdrive, Phil had no idea how it was happening, just that it was. Between the adrenaline cocktail in his bloodstream, plus the all night teasing, he was more than ready to explode. His body tried to flex, to stretch, but was met with unyielding plastic. He bit down hard on the gag in his mouth, his ass clenched the enema plug, his cock exploded inside the sleeve and triggered the vacuum effect. It was like receiving a blow job while you were still having an orgasm from thrusting. His mind blanked and he would later tell Maggie that every sexual encounter he had ever experienced before passed before his eyes at that moment.

Phil came back to reality slowly. First he became aware of his breathing, so he took a few deep breaths to slow that down. Then he realized his eyes were still shut so he opened them and they focused on the screen in front of him. A screen that clearly showed Maggie and Paula, lounging on the shipping crate and smiling up at the camera.

Paula activated her phone. “The shipping guys just left Phil.”

Phil grunted twice. (Thank goodness)

### **Tuesday morning back to work**

Maggie leaned over Paula’s phone. “Did we scare you?”

Phil grunted twice. (Terrified)

“We were here the whole time, we just stayed out of camera range until the boys from shipping came up and built the crate.” Maggie explained.

“I told her it was a mean trick to play on you.” Paula added.

Maggie made shushing noises “Phil loved it.”

“Anyway, time for me to head to the warehouse.” Maggie continued. “Paula will get her boys to take you to the loading dock where the delivery guys will pick you up.”

Phil grunted twice. (As if I had a choice)

“See you later Phil!” Maggie said cherrily as she left.

Paula left the app running on her phone after Maggie left. “You okay in there Phil?” Paula asked concerned.

Phil tiredly grunted twice. (He was exhausted)

“Even your grunts sound tired, Phil.” Paula probed.

Phil grunted twice again. (He agreed)

“Well it’s almost over.” Paula said “I’ll get you down to the dock and on that delivery truck as fast as I can.”

Phil grunted twice. (He’d believe it when he was safely home in bed)

### End game

Paula called the shipping crew back to the room to move the crate to the dock. Then she called the delivery service to make a pickup and same day delivery to the warehouse.

Since he had spent all night being randomly vibrated, now that it had been turned off, Phil had fallen asleep before they even wheeled his crate down to the loading bay. Phil slept through the pick up, slept through the drive, slept through the delivery. It was only after they started unscrewing the crate around him he finally woke up. The delivery men neatly stacked the sides and lid of the shipping crate against a wall in the storage unit. The bottom board of the crate and the tightly strapped down sarcophagus now rested in the center of the floor.

Phil opened his eyes to see Paula’s lab still on the tablet, he had no idea where he was currently.

It was noon on Tuesday, they had gone a full 96 hours on this little adventure and here they were back in the warehouse storage unit.

Maggie took her time undoing the straps securing the sarcophagus. Then she called up the instructions Paula had forwarded her on how to unlock the new and improved lid. Taking her time she unlocked them in sequence, she double checked every step not wanting to have to start over again. When the last lever was toggled the handles popped out of the side of the lid. Pushing upwards, Maggie revealed Phil naked and shivering.

“Hi Phil.” Maggie greeted him

“Hi Maggie” Phil worked his jaw, sore from wearing the large gag for over 12 hours. Then carefully he raised himself off the enema plug. He swung his legs off to the side and stretched his arms.

“You okay?” she asked him.

Phil smiled ruefully “Yeah, I’m okay. Actually I’m amazing. That was the most intense experience I’ve ever had in my life.”

Maggie hugged him tightly “We didn’t go too far?”

“Looking back on it, no.” Phil added “If you had asked me during some of it, I would have begged to be let out.”

Maggie smiled at her friend “No changing your mind after the locks click.”

“No,” Phil agreed. “No changing your mind once things lock.”

Maggie helped him hop off the sarcophagus, Phil leaned against it while Maggie grabbed his clothes for him.

“Here put your clothes on.” Maggie helped him get dressed.

Phil slowly dressed, the feeling of clothes odd against his skin. He’d been naked or sealed in plastic for so long, clothes felt odd to him.

“Hey” Phil asked as he got dressed “What was up with the nipple holes?”

“Oh we were going to put in some vacuum pumps to suck on them, but since it was a holiday we couldn’t get the next-day-shipping.” Maggie told him “But Paula put them into the design for next time.”

“Next time?” Phil chuckled. “It’s going to take awhile before you can talk me back into one of those devices!”

Maggie didn’t say anything, she just started locking the sarcophagus lid shut, then rolling the storage unit door closed and locked it. Phil stood off to the side watching her.

Maggie exclaimed “Oh I almost forgot, I promised Paula I’d tell her when you were delivered and safely out.”

She pulled out her phone and called Paula, putting her on speaker phone so Phil could say hello.

“Everybody safe and sound?” Paula asked.

Phil said hello and Maggie confirmed they were just leaving the warehouse.

Paula sounded excited “So you know how I had approval to test “alternate markets” for our products, and that’s why we could use the equipment?”

Maggie said “Yes…?”

Paula continued “Well I wrote up our preliminary results from this weekend's experiments. Management was so impressed they have greenlighted additional funds. Do you know what that means?”

Phil groaned. Maggie laughed.

“That’s right, we’ll be able to make and test as many prototypes as we want!” Paula concluded.
