---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/storiesofboundfriends8.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'The Stories of Bound Friends 8: Andrea and the Uncertain Future'
authors:
- JessBaby
tags:
- Sbf
- Machine/f+
- MF+/f+
- D/s
- cabin
- cage
- nipple
- chain
- cuffs
- bond
- shock
- ai
- enslave
- cond
- bdsm
- game
- hunt
- outdoors
- capture
- torment
- susp
- ponygirl
- oral
- sex
- climax
- cons/nc
- XX
---

(story continues from [**The Stories of Bound Friends 7: Megan and the Unorthodox Reunion**](storiesofboundfriends7.html))

**Part 8: Andrea and the Uncertain Future**

“So no one else finds it odd?” Megan asked as the four sat lazily around the couches playing cards.

“Just count your blessings, right now we have free reign so who cares why?” Sophia said as she played a card and drew another.

“But that’s my point, Hannah made us all go to the trouble of making up lies so we could be up here undisturbed, she made us all get our tongues pierced, she made us toss every ounce of clothing we had up here, she’s been keeping us prisoner for just over two weeks and now suddenly she says we’re on our own for a few days before she then just shuts off?” Megan said. All of them had thought it at one point or another in the last three days, but it just seemed to be Megan’s turn to fixate on it.

“Well we have enough food to feed us for a week at least, we’re able to sleep on beds again, none of us have had to do useless chores or get bound into painful positions or take punishments in days and we've finally got those damn metal bras and chastity plates off. Even though we still have our cuffs and our collar and we don’t have any clothes to cover up with, I say it’s a win and we should enjoy it,” Lea said trying hard to convince herself as much as anyone else to try to ignore those legitimate concerns.

The four continued to sit there and play cards naked until lunch. On the first day they each took to wearing towels in lieu of not having any clothes, but by now none of them felt the need to bother. They sat down to lunch with a sense of dread as they watched the van drive away, the first sign of Hannah stirring in days. They ate quickly, worried that it might be taken away from them if Hannah returned before they finished. But she didn’t say a word for hours.

“Hello ladies,” Hannah finally said only after the van returned in the early afternoon, which put everyone off balance not only because of Hannah’s return but she had never really referred to them that way. They each dropped to the floor and lowered their head like the instinct it had become. “Unpack the food from the van and set the other brown box on the coffee table.”

There was a surprising amount of food. Hannah had done a very large run before turning off but this was even bigger. They didn’t know if they could even go through it all before it would start to go bad. The brown box at the back was small and light. Inside were four baggies each with three small rings, a short thin chain and two small padlocks. Hannah told them to replace their barbell piercings with the rings. Lea was the first to finished and was sent away to get more things Hannah required. While she was away the other three finished replacing their piercings and were ordered to move four animal cages from the back shed to the front porch.

Lea returned and divided everything up into four neat identical piles on the couch for each of the girls to grab. The front porch was not very deep, so the cages ended up taking most of the depth with the doors just barely able to open out towards the driveway without hitting the porch railing. As instructed, each of the girls buckled tight a hard plastic spider gag, keeping their mouth open before they backed up into their cages to finish Hannah’s instructions, whose voice could still be heard through their collars.

They locked each ankle cuff to the outside walls of the cage and were told to feed through the roof of the cage a chain with connectors on both sides for the wrist cuffs. To their great dismay (though not total surprise) they were told to lock one side of the short chain around their clit ring before locking the other to a small loop on the floor of the cage. Then they attached four chains to the four sides of the cage near the front. One locked to the top, one to the bottom and one on each side of the cage, locking the chain at exactly the link Hannah told them to use. With only a single magnetic lock left, the kind that Hannah could remotely open, they were told to close and lock the cage doors. Now trapped within, they attached the four chains to their collars, which seemed to be exactly the right size to insure a secure fit in all directions. Finally they each reached behind them and locked their cuffs to the chain at the roof of the cage.

Hannah had never done anything like this, they were all outside yet held so securely that there was no chance of movement at all. Their head, arms, ankles and clit were secured to the cage itself and if they moved their ass or knees it pulled on their piercing. No there was nothing to be done but sit and watch the empty driveway in front of them or watch their drool accumulate below them.

Lea began to have a startling realization that none of them were given any keys, something many of the locks needed. And if they were all trapped there would be no one around to free them. She tried to push the thought from her head. Surely Hannah had a plan, she’d show she could think of things before, but Lea couldn’t figure out for the life of her what that might be. None of the other girls seemed to make this connection, or if they did there were at least a lot better than Lea at hiding the panic.

But these thoughts didn’t have time to linger because soon she heard a noise. They all heard one, it sounded like cars. Their own van turned on and moved to the far edge of the building before turning off again and making it clear that the car noises were getting louder. They all froze as they saw cars coming into view and down the gravel driveway. Multiple cars. Three large vans and a flatbed truck each began to appear over the hill, which all four of the girls had an unobstructed view of.

The three vans parked to the side while the truck slowly and carefully maneuvered to back up so the back door lined up with the front of the house. The flatbed was carrying a standard 20 foot metal container unit, held secure by metal bracings and bars. Andrea looked over at the vans again as two large figures began to emerge. She couldn’t believe what she was seeing. It was terrifying. A ghost of her past. The same two men who had tricked her at the FetFair were now strutting over to where she and her friends lay trapped.

“Hello again,” Paul said as he stood at the front steps surveying the captives before him. It was hard to look away but behind him emerged another four people, three men and one woman, all with devilish intent in their eye. “Looks like you girls have got yourselves a little trapped.”

No one knew what to say. No one had the ability to anyway with their large gags preventing any meaningful words from forming. Lea recognized some of the others, one of them was the man she had bought the house from, and the woman she recognized vaguely from the FetFair, but the other two she was as clueless about. Sophia recognized the old man getting out of one of the vans as the same man that she was auctioned to at the FetFair, the one that had given them all a free week at his hotel less than a month ago.

“Thanks Hannah, we can take it from here, ya did great,” Paul said after he opened the unlocked front door.

“Thank you master, it is a pleasure to be of service, is there anything else you need?” Hannah said with a meek submissive tone the girls had never heard her use.

“Not right now, stay quiet but stay online in case I need to make you do something,” Paul said before beginning to close the door. “Now in my world,” Paul said as he walked back into view of everyone. “This is what we might call a jackpot.”

\*\*\*\*

All four of the girls stared blankly ahead, not being able to easily process what was going on. Andrea was at the far end of the porch and saw a small woman emerge from the passenger seat of the truck clad in only a heavy looking set of cuffs and an equally heavy looking collar with about a foot of chain dangling from it. They were not shiny like what Andrea had gotten used to seeing, they were dull and dark like it was forged pre-rusted by a medieval blacksmith. She walked around to the back of the truck and once Paul stood to one side she pulled out a long plank from the truck creating a walkway between the porch and the back of the truck that held the container unit.

When she opened the container unit, Andrea blinked frantically. She heard screaming from her friends but couldn’t get herself to accept what she was seeing. No, this must just be some trick, it couldn’t be real. She began to sink deep into denial that was hard to maintain as she listened to the horrified screams and metal clanging of the cages as her friends reacted.

The container had a dividing wall less than half way in, it could slide up along a rail like a garage door to give access to the rest of the unit, but what made the girls scream is what was on the wall now. There were several rows of shelves on a folding hinge attached to the wall, and each row contained tightly secured cages. Three rows tall, four columns long. The thick square metal bars of those cages looked much sturdier than the wire crates they were in, most were occupied but exactly four were not. It did not take a lot of deduction to guess why there were exactly four empty ones.

The girls in the occupied cages were in a similar position as them, forced to kneel with their hands held behind their back and their collar secured from any movement. The big difference was that there were more ways in which they were secured, more straps, several padded bars, and three long phalluses that were screwed deep into their ass, pussy and mouth. They could not turn their head but they each tried to look to the side as best they could to see where they had been taken.

Along one side of the unit, from the front all the way back to the sliding wall, there were what looked like prison transport cells. They were solid metal with only a small glass window at head level. They were all tall enough to easily stand in but far too narrow to sit down. The only other major thing in sight was something that looked like a large oil drum secured to the ground with a small scrawny man in a frilly french maid outfit bent over it. He was chained to the floor by his four extremities in what looked like a very uncomfortable way to travel.

“Oh, shh, shh, shhhh..  quiet my little pets..” Paul said in a remarkably condescending tone, waiting for them to quiet down. “I know those cages might look scary but we aren’t leaving just yet, we only just got here! You have plenty of time before we pack you away in one of those and take you to your new life as a slave.”

This was the final straw that broke Andrea desperately out of her denial. Her memory raced back to the feeling of betrayal when she found out how she had been tricked at the FetFair. She had built up a lot of resentment for that man, but had let most of it go since it stopped mattering after that one weekend. This wasn’t the same. She didn’t volunteer for anything this time, and it didn’t sound or look like this was a short term arrangement. She could hear the loud sobbing of the cage next to hers and the screaming coming from a cage past that. Andrea became so overwhelmed her eyes began to gloss over as she started to feel numb. This was too much. She didn’t ask for any of this. But she had no way of doing anything about it.

The small woman who opened the unit had retrieved a cattle prod and went to unlock the man bent over the barrel. He cowered in fear as she pulled him by the arm outside and chained him to the side of the truck where he would stand in his 4” heels out of the way. He looked like he was in his 30s at least, and he wore a daintier set of cuffs, collar with a similar chain. He seemed to be completely shaven below the neck and the short skirt of the maid outfit meant that the tight fitting metal tube he wore around his penis showed. His hair was brown, shoulder length and curled, he also seemed to have makeup on making him look very feminine. The eyeliner, blue eyeshadow and red lipstick were actually tattooed on so that it would always be there, but there was no way for the girls to know that.

With the prod in hand and holding it defensively, the slave woman released a men held prisoner in one of the cells. He was tall, and large, the kind of frame that belonged in the NFL or a strongman competition. He was easily 6’4”, if not more and god only knows how much those muscles made him weigh.  His skin was very dark but it was hard to pin down ethnicity, he might just have a very strong full body tan. She directed this herculean man to move the oil drum. She was maybe a third his size, but he showed every effort to obey her orders despite the fact that they both wore slave collars. Once the first man was put to work, another equally large, though much lighter skinned, specimen was released and directed to work as well. They unloaded every cage, full and empty into the house. Andrea couldnt’ figure out why they didn’t just release the girls first, surely that would make carrying the cage simpler.

They would sometimes disappear for long periods of time, the two men and the slave overseer or whatever it is she was. Tom, Paul and everyone else seemed content to stand back, watch and talk amongst themselves too quietly to be overheard. The slave woman walked over to them and began to talk quietly, causing the group to start debating something. After some nodding heads she walked back towards the house.

“Hannah?” The woman said in a quiet but high pitched voice. “Our master wants you to unlock the cages now.”

“Right away,” The computer voice of Hannah replied before magnetically releasing the locks keeping the cage doors shut.

The lead female slave had a key in hand already and began to unlock the other locks one girl at a time starting with Megan at the far end. Everything but a single chain around her neck was unlocked. As she was helped out of the cage, one of the strong male slaves was there to take hold of the chain. The woman locked Megan’s hands behind her back and clipped a small bell to each of her nipple piercings before moving on to the next cage to do the same. Once all four women were released and held by the neck by the two large male slaves, one in each hand, she ushered them around to stand near the rest of the group.

“Very good Crystal, faster than usual” Tom said as he patted the female slave on the back.

“Now listen here,” Said the man who had sold Lea the cabin. The man was clearly getting up there in years, but wasn’t very fat and his hair, while thin, was still all there. “Whenever we get up here it takes time to set up, and so while we wait for that it’s become a little tradition to start off with a game. There isn’t another house for miles, and it’s about four miles as the crow flies to the edge of the nearest game land. At the edge of the game land, we put up a series of posts years ago warning hunters they’re leaving public land. If you make it to one of those posts you win. Just hold on and you’re safe. But if you don’t make it there well… then we win. We’ll give you a few minutes head start, then we’ll be coming. Crystal, go get them some shoes would you? And our stuff too while you’re there”

Crystal quietly walked back to one of the vans returning with a small duffle bag she had filled. She set the bag down and began to help each of the girls into what looked to be 5 inch heels with straps to keep them from falling or being kicked off. But as she was finishing with the last pair the men reached down into the bag. The fear that instantly gripped the girls was visible on each of their faces. None of them knew guns well, but they were all pretty sure they knew a hunting rifle when they saw one. Sophia panicked and tried running, only to be yanked by the short leash still held by one of the slave men who might as well have been a wall for how little slack the dash gained her.

“Oh, no, these are only tranq guns girls. We wouldn’t go to all this trouble just to kill you now, what would be the point of that?” Paul said as he showed the girls the colorful red tail of a tranq dart as he began loading his gun. It was a distinction none of them were very willing to feel good about. It was still apparent they were about to be hunted and with bells on their tits, tall heels, mouths gagged and their hands behind their back. The deck felt just a little too stacked against them to appreciate much of anything.

“Now I am serious when I say that you can win,” continued the man who had been explaining earlier. “And the shorter you last, the harsher your punishment when all this is done. So even if you can’t win just try last as long as you can. Your head start begins.. Now!”

\*\*\*\*

Sophia bolted, quickly losing her friends as she trailblazed as best she could alone. She had no idea where she was going, she just knew that the walking trail didn’t take her within sight of any posts so she would need to go through wilderness. Her bells were jingling loudly, she realized that might turn into a problem, but at the moment she was more worried about how unsuitable her shoes were.

The other three did not feel like splitting up. They were all still gagged, so they couldn’t communicate, but it was clear none of them had any idea where they needed to be going. They were terrified not just about the immediate threat but what this might mean for them going forward. If this is what they called a get-to-know-you then none of them wanted any part of the life that might await them if they’re carted away in those cages.

Megan caught her heel on a tree root and nearly face-planted, maneuvering at the last minute to land on her side instead. She was lucky to miss any sharp rocks but got scratched up by the bush she landed by. Lea was behind her and stopped to help, Andrea didn’t see and kept running for some time before realizing she had left her friends behind. She turned to look for them, they were both back a ways, but she also saw in the far distance someone else moving. She ducked behind a bush, looking over with as little showing as she could.

Lea and Megan looked around confused and scared, they didn’t know where Andrea had went but they too saw that people were now advancing on them. They began running again, taking a very different direction than Andrea had taken. They were running along the side of a dry creekbed, trying to keep low but failing to stay fully hidden. Not to mention the damn bells that rang as they went. Andrea watched in horror as one man signaled to Tom to go around the hill. They emerged at the same time on either sides of the two women who began to scream and run up the opposite bank. They were each shot and fell just seconds later. She could see the darts were different colors, Andrea had the sickening thought that they must be keeping score. They each checked on the girls, before confirming they were out, calling it in and and moving on, up the creekbed in the opposite direction from Andrea.

Andrea was now alone. She was hidden, and so long as she remained still she wouldn’t make any noise. She waited for the two to get out of sight, she scanned around and began to run again once no one was on the horizon. She made it to another large patch of bushes before ducking and making sure her bells hadn’t attracted anyone. This patch did not offer nearly the protection but she saw no one and soon enough stood up to run again.

“This is madness” she thought. She was being treated like a wild animal. It was just all so.. dehumanizing. She hated this game. She hated that she didn’t have her hands for balance. She hated how bad her shoes were for running in the woods. She especially hated the sound her tits made whenever she dashed from bush to bush. She had one other close call, ducking behind a thick bush by a tree as the Asian man of the group walked by in the distance. He looked around but kept walking, if he noticed her he didn’t give any indication. Only once he seemed to be significantly out of range did Andrea stand up to run again. She felt a sting in her abdomen and she fell forward into the bushes, very quickly watching her world turn black.

\*\*\*\*

Andrea awoke in a haze, everything was still kind of foggy. She couldn’t feel anything yet, she couldn’t see anything and all she could hear was this faint buzzing static. She wondered if that had been a dream. Everything from Hanna’s reactivation on just seemed so surreal, something a demented unconscious might dream up to torment an unsuspecting dreamer. She tried to open her eyes, but nothing happened. If her eyelids did raise there was something else blocking her vision. She tried moving her hand to her head but both were pinned behind her in a box tie.

She felt like the room was wobbly, and moving around made it worse. Her feet were tied spread apart, and hurt a little around the ankles. Though she did notice she didn’t feel her ankle cuffs any more. And as she probed slowly around her body with her mind, she noticed that her wrist cuffs were gone as well. It was rope. Rope was holding her hands behind her and her feet to a bar. She tried rolling over but slowly realized she didn’t feel any ground anywhere. When she tried jostling she concluded she was suspended upside down by her feet. She thought about saying something but only when that thought came did she notice a large phallus held in her mouth. Her mind was returning but that only gave her a clearer appreciation for her helpless state.

“Good, you’re awake,” came a voice with a mildly Asian accent. The dull ringing in Andrea’s ears had stopped and so he came through clear. “You did pretty well, too many girls panic and forget that as they run they make sound. You were never going to reach the posts at that speed but you lasted longer than any of your friends. However.. you still lost.”

Andrea fidgeted around but there was really very little she could do. Her mind was awake enough to tell that she was hooded, and when the man stopped talking the dull static returned so she presumed it was the hood not her head causing it. It was just loud enough to block out almost all sound. She tried again pulling at her arms but they were held very securely. She could also feel that a dull ache around her breasts, it got worse when she jostled too much so she assumed her breasts must be tied. Lea had done it once, briefly, but found it wasn’t something either of the two cared for. As someone rubbed a hand over her breasts it was confirmed to her that they must be tied and engorged as they were much more firm and sensitive to the touch.

Silently, Andrea felt a rope being tightened around her waist. A rope passed between her ass cheeks and around to the other side of the waist rope forming a crotch tie. The rope was draped over the bar that suspended her with plenty of slack still remaining. She felt someone lifting her up, bending her at the hips and giving her something to lie her back against. Whoever was holding her was also naked, with feminine soft skin, presumably one of the many slavegirls these people came with.

“So, since you lost, there will be a punishment just like we promised, just be grateful that yours will not nearly be as bad as your friends.” The Asian man said, able to turn off the white noise before speaking and then turn it back on as soon as he was finished. Andrea could feel him doing something with her chest harness but couldn’t tell what.

After he had finished, the slave supporting Andrea slowly lowered herself. As she did, Andrea felt a rope pull painfully on her breasts and crotch. She wouldn’t be able to dangle freely without very considerable pain. She began flexing, bending herself up at the waist which instantly relieved all the pressure on her crotch and breasts, but her muscles soon began you scream. She tried to slowly lower herself but it turned into a flop despite her best intentions. The jolt of pressure cause her to yell out as much as her overstuffed mouth could.

She counted up to five before forcing herself into another inverted sit up. She counted again as high as she could before her muscles said no more. The only relief her muscles got were at the expense of her tits being pulled painfully while a rope cut into her crotch. The only relief her breasts and pussy got was when she was straining her muscles. She stopped counting because it only seemed to make the time go slower, and as she switched between torments time seemed to go slow enough already.

She lost track of how many times she volleyed back and forth. She started to scream more and more as the pain continued and the frustration overwhelmed her. Shortly after a particularly loud yell, though that was a relative term gagged as securely as she was, she felt the hot sting of a flogger striking hard against her flexing ass. It immediately caused her to lose her concentration, causing her to flail back down causing an unusually fast tug. It lead to another scream which led to another hit. The message was clear, keep quiet. As soon as she did the flogging stopped.

She was already to near tears as she felt another rope being tied to the harness itself behind where her breasts were bound. She felt the tension build as the rope pulled up looped around the spreader bar and back to the harness. Inch by inch she felt her body being raised up, supported now by her chest harness and not her breasts. Once she was bent to be about parallel with the ground the rope was tied off. The new position put pressure on her arms but compared to what she had been through it was heaven.

She felt someone unzipping the hood from the back. She tried to hold her head up to assist but that didn’t seem necessary. The light was blinding at first but mostly she was glad to be out of it. Her sight returned just in time to see the Asian man walk closer with his cock out right at head level. She didn’t want to open up for this man. Not if she could help it.

Her defiance earned her a slap across the face. She tried to hold her ground. The man reached up and grabbed one of her piercings and began to twist, causing her to yell out. He took the opportunity to slide his dick inside her. He grabbed either side of her head and began to force himself in and out without a care for what Andrea wanted.

When he finally pushed past Andreas throat he let out a soft moan. Andrea found that her angle was at least making it a little easier to take him but it still did not prevent her from feeling like she was gagging. His strokes became faster and passing deep into the throat at every iteration.

After a short time he slowed down and moved in as much as he physically could, rubbing his balls against Andrea’s nose. He did not however pull back this time. With his cock lodged in her throat she soon began to feel the need to get new air to her lungs. When he still did not pull back she began to panic. She jostled what little she could, which did nothing at all. Her throat began convulsing as she felt she was being suffocated. Her lungs were on fire and he simply let out a soft low moan because of all the added spasms and sensations it was causing Andrea’s throat to make around the head of his cock.

After another moan he pulled back, allowing Andrea to frantically gasp for air. But two gasps was all, he plunged back down her throat and stayed exactly as he was. Andrea’s eyes watered but he once again seemed to have no intention of leaving. As her throat spasmed she felt ever so slightly the warm feeling of his semen being deposited deep into her throat. When he pulled out, Andrea fought every instinct her lungs were telling her and made sure to swallow before returning to gasping for air.

By the time her breaths had returned to normal he had walked away already, giving Andrea the first chance to look around. It was still the living room, but it was very different. Furniture had been brought in from the truck, some of the equipment upstairs had been brought down including a cross a very whip-marked Sophia was currently strapped to while still hooded.

Andrea was left at this 90 degree bend for some time. She looked over to where most of the people stood by the kitchen. She tried to listen but heard at best every 10th word. She watched Crystal, cattle prod still in hand, lead slaves both men and women around giving them tasks to do before tending to another. There was still no sign of Megan or Lea. She could not imagine that was a good thing. Then again she could not imagine any of this is a good thing.

She saw the asian man pantomiming what she assumed was the violation he just performed, which seemed to get a gleeful response from the others. She saw the man who had explained about the hunt earlier, the one Lea had bought the house from, strut over and eventually whip out his limp cock.

Andrea thought about resisting again, but it had been useless before and she figured it was probably useless now. She opened her mouth and took his cock which she intently began to suck. She could feel it growing and swelling in her mouth. As it got bigger she could feel it probing against the back of her throat. She didn’t like this direction but she continued to suck hoping against hope that that might be enough.

As it reached full size it pushed back into her throat and just as the other person had, he left it back there until she began to feel as though she was suffocating. He gave her only short breaks to catch her breath before returning, seeming to enjoy the trembling sensations her desperate need for air would produce. Without cumming he simply withdrew and began walking back towards everyone else. “Yeah, not bad, but I bet she’d only get better the longer she’s worked over,” he cried out to his friends, clearly trying to settle an argument they were having. “Maybe your two bulls could work her over for a while, eh Bonnie? That would soften them up nice I think.”

“Eh, if you say so,” cried back the girl. “As I’m sure you can imagine I don’t care much how it’s throat is, I just want to know how well it can lick.”

Andrea let her head go limp behind her. She had enough of hearing them talk about her like a piece of meat. She wanted out of all of this, but she knew that probably wasn’t going to happen. Instead she caught the marked back and ass of Sophia who was at least someone probably having a worse time than she was. She wasn’t sure that made her happy, but it was a better thing to think about than being referred to as “it” by a bunch of slavers.

\*\*\*\*

Andrea watched as they continued to chat with the occasional drink refill brought over by a slave, though never Crystal. The oldest one there, the hotel owner, waddled over to Sophia who he proceeded to fuck from behind. Andrea couldn’t tell if he didn’t finish or if was just fast, but he was not there long. He pulled his pants up and sat on one of the couches beside the fireplace. The other couch had been turned so now both couches faced the same way, towards the front door and most of the bondage furniture. Paul said something to Crystal before all five of the rest of them joined their old friend on the couches. Lea and Megan were carried in, both in very tight hogties. They were slung over the shoulders of one of the two male slaves like they were a tote bag, bending their backs painfully. When they were set on the floor it sounded like they were relieved. Sophia’s cross was even turned so her head now faced forward. All three of them had been hooded but they each had their hoods removed.

“Welcome, I trust you enjoyed our little icebreaker,” the cabin’s former owner said, getting the attention of all four of them but no audible responses. “So you must be wondering what’s going on. Well to put it simply, this was a trap. Lea, hate to tell you this, but you never actually bought the house. I faked the paperwork, had a fake agent, that’s her over there!” He said as he pointed to one of the slaves that stood attentively by the wall. “But I did take the money all the same. Thanks for the cash upfront offer, makes everything so much easier on my end than if you went through a bank. Don’t worry, you aren’t the first to fall for that and you wouldn't be the last.”

Lea was horrified. They all were, but Lea especially had a special brand of hatred for herself over this. She still felt, no matter how hard she tried to talk her out of it, that everything Hannah put them through was her fault. It didn’t quite sink in that he was explaining this would have happened with or without Hannah.

“All these cameras, I get a copy of the feed. I watch and I wait for the perfect time to strike when there’s hopefully as many of you as there can be. Usually that involves hiring some goons and taking you down by force as you sleep, but you’re the first people I’ve done this to that actually gave me the perfect way to do it without lifting a finger. I hired a few professionals to go over the code, Hannah’s not bad but it’s still rather amateurishly programmed. You left all kinds of holes and rookie mistakes that allowed it to go to blackmail. Don’t worry, your videos are safe. Eventually my guys got Hannah to partly shut down without breaking connection to the video server and over the last couple days with it partially shut down they went to work inserting some new parameters. Now, Hannah is our slave. She has to do what we tell her to just like you had to all these weeks. Isnt’ that right Hannah?”

“Yes it is Travis, I am here only to serve you and your friends,” Hannah said in the kind of meek submissive tone that made everything feel so real. Travis waited before continuing, he understood faces enough to know they wouldn’t be able to listen to anything else he had to say without a little more time for their minds to catch up.

“So like I was saying, I didn’t just build this house for its eccentricities. I built it because I knew I could use it to find kinky people and get some of their money when I pretend to sell it. Usually it’s to people who want this cabin to be a secret, cause lets face it no one buys a place like this unless they want seclusion. Finally, I watch. And then when they were most vulnerable, I swoop in and take them. Sometimes just one, sometimes more than one, but I always make sure they can’t be traced back to here. I also find that people who were already a little kinky tend to make the best slaves anyway. It’s a lot easier for them to begin to enjoy their enslavement and stop trying to resist. Before this is over, all of you will be in chains and be a slave to one of us. You can’t fight it so you better try to accept it.”

That wasn’t going to be something they could easily swallow. After so long under Hannah’s yoke they already felt a little like slaves, but there’s a big difference between that and having a real, physical human master.

“We don’t know who you will be going with, but keep in mind we all tend to agree on one thing: a valuable slave is a well treated slave. Any girl off the street can be chained down to the bed and fucked, prove to us you can be more than a fuckhole and you’ll be treated accordingly. Like look at Crystal over there,” Travis said as she ushered Crystal over. “She is so well behaved, so she gets to ride up front instead of in a cage like everyone else.”

Crystal’s eyes stayed downcast, she seemed a little uncomfortable or maybe just lost in thought as she sat on Travis’ knee. When Travis was done with using her as a prop she quickly stood back up and walked to where she had been standing far against the wall. Andrea knew it might just be wishful thinking, but Crystal didn’t seem to want to be there any more than they did. Andrea began to cling to the idea that maybe, just maybe, she was their way out of here.

“And while we have you all here, before we split you off, maybe a few introductions are in order. I’m Travis Connelly, and rather obviously I’m the one that ‘sold’ Lea this house. But I think I’ll let them introduce themselves.”

When Travis was done talking, Paul and Tom repeated their introductions which the girls felt was a bit unnecessary. Then the oldest one there, the one who owned the casinos introduced himself as Carl Olson. The Japanese man beside him, who was easily the youngest of them all, introduced himself as Sota Ihara. Then the last to speak was a freckle faced woman with dark brown hair who introduced herself as Bonnie Walker.

The six then began talking amongst themselves in a deliberately soft voice. When they were done Crystal was informed of their wishes and began to carry them out. She retrieved keys to Sophia’s locks and had one of the large male slaves take her outside following Sota. Sophia thought about fighting but the whipping she had taken from losing the “game” had quelled some of her rebellious spirit. She simply followed along as the chain around her collar pulled her out back. Megan was untied all together and sent to the kitchen where the small scrawny male slave in the french maid outfit held out an apron for her. He was free to walk around, but Megan was clipped to the kitchen’s leash. Lea was picked up and carried out to one of the guest rooms with her hogtie ropes acting once again like handles to a shoulder bag, with Bonnie following behind.

Andrea watched in silence as one by one all her friends were dealt with as she continued to sit there suspended. The ropes digging into her arms from supporting her lower body’s weight now officially hurt. Sota and Bonnie had left, but everyone else seemed to get up and surround Andrea. Tom set to work untying the loose fitting rope that made up her crotch rope.

She tried to watch what was being done but she felt her hair pulled back. She cried softly in pain, which only allowed an opening for Carl to shove his cock in her mouth. It was soft, but still had the salty taste of when he had just recently fucked Sophia. Andrea suddenly felt thankful it hadn’t been an ass fuck.

As his cock grew in her mouth she felt another ram into her pussy, with the crotch rope now removed allowing for easy access. She could not look up to see who it was, but whoever it was had also gotten out a wand vibrator and was currently holding it tight against her pierced clit. Her attempts to yell out about the sensations that she felt only came out as gargled nothings. The assault on one hole began to feed the sensations coming from the other and, despite herself, she began to feel aroused. This was only added to when without warning her chip turned on, adding to the vibration and both dicks to push her over the edge into a sputtering stifled orgasm.

When Carl withdrew he was almost instantly replaced by an already mostly hard Paul. Even with the angle, she found it incredibly difficult to swallow his much larger cock. A problem he tried to remedy by simply redoubling the force. There was no leverage Andrea had to try to stop him so all she could do was move her tongue out of the way as best she could. Once he finally did fit down it felt to Andrea like her throat was being ripped in two. He tried pulling back but found it just as difficult to go back down a second time so when his cock returned he kept it there.

Andrea began to shake as another orgam was building, but one she worried about without her ability to breath. She tried pulling back which only caused Paul to grab her head. She shuffled her hands about but nothing was happening. Her eyes went wide as she began to cum, contracting every muscle in her body. When it passed, her lungs were beyond burning for air. She tried shaking again but he wouldn’t come off. Andrea was desperate, feeling waves of pure terror. She could feel her vision getting blurry. She could think of nothing else to do, so she bit down, hard.

Paul cried out, “Oww, the little fucker bit me!” and pulled his cock out as soon as Andrea released her bite. Suddenly the fucking stopped, the vibrator and chip along with it. “Ohh, you’re going to regret doing that,” he said as he slapped her hard across the cheek with the back of his hand.

Andrea worked hard to catch her breath as she saw Paul telling Crystal to fetch him something. “Please.. I’m… I was.. passing out… No not the...” was all she could manage before the long rubber dildo attached to a hood slid back in her mouth. The hood was zipped and the white noise returned, though perhaps thankfully this hood at least allowed her to see out through a kind of clear plastic over the eyes. And this time she felt the dildo expanding, slowly, like air was being manually pumped into it. It became wider but most of all it became longer. It reached the back of her throat before it stopped, causing her to gag several times.

She felt the crotch rope put back into place and she tried again in vain to plead with them for mercy. The rope was run back over the bar and tied again to the line connecting her bound breasts. Then she felt the line that had been holding her up by her chest released, causing her to fall back down to a straight hanging position. Only this time the ropes stopped her short of fully leveling out. Even at its furthest, she still would be under some muscle strain, and the pull was so much stronger because of it. She tried her familiar balance between muscle strain and rope pull, but she was much more exhausted than she had been earlier.

“Now look here,” Paul said as someone held Andrea’s head  in place to watch. A slavegirl Andrea hadn’t seen before, a blond, was shoved deep on his cock. She held her hands submissively behind her, she wore cuffs but nothing actually bound her hands back there. Andrea watched as tears began to form in her eyes. She made a few small noises but showed no protest at all. Andrea watched in amazement and horror as she simply knelt there, holding him down her throat much longer than Andrea would have thought possible. Her eyes began to twitch and eventually her hands dropped to her sides like a rag doll before collapsing to her side.

Crystal was there to catch her and lay her down gently. After a few light slaps she woke up coughing and gasping desperately for air. Before her breathing had even returned to normal, she forced herself up to her earlier kneeling position and opened her mouth again. It almost looked like she was smiling. Paul bent down and looked her in the eye. He placed his hand at the back of her head and forced eye contact before saying he was pleased with her work. Perhaps most perverse of all was the even larger smile that praise elicited from the poor girl, the kind of smile Andrea only got when something really big happened in her life.

“That right there is what I expect from my slaves,” Paul said as he turned back to Andrea. “If I want you to choke on my dick, it isn’t up to you to say no. And if this doesn’t get that through to you I don’t know what will.” Once he finished talking, something happened and her vision suddenly went black. The clear plastic she was using to see through turned opaque, presumably some kind of electrical charge. Andrea was once again in a world of painful isolation. Only this time someone felt she needed the accompaniment of clothespins all around her sensitive, engorged breasts. Occasionally a flogger would also appear randomly and without warning. With her face once again hidden from view she began to cry, lamenting what seemed to be the prospects of her life.

\*\*\*\*

Lea grunted a sigh of relief when she was finally set down on the couch in the parlor, allowing her back to return to relative flatness. Bonnie sat down beside her and began running her hands up and down, exploring the helpless body beside her. “That will be all for now I think Marcus,” she said, causing the large caucasian man who had brought Lea in to leave quietly.

“There are four of you and six of us,” Bonnie said softly. “Before we leave we’ll all agree which of you go with which of us. And if you hadn't noticed, I’m the only woman here. Now I believe I heard that you are a lesbian, so I’d assume you really don’t want to become the slave of one of those men,” She asked with the sound of almost genuine concern.

“That’s fair to assume,” Lea meekly said.

“Well then, it looks like we should get to know each other and you show me just why you’d be worth my while.” Bonnie said as she began massaging her fingers through Lea’s hair. She slid closer and let Lea’s head rest on her leg.

Lea began to feel pent up emotions bubbling to the surface. This was perhaps the most affection she had ever gotten from someone (or something) that was supposed to be her dom. She felt just the smallest glimmer of hope. “I’ll do anything, just please don’t let me go with one of those sadistic men out there.”

“How do you know I’m not sadistic too?” Bonnie asked, her threat being undercut by her continuing to gently run her fingers along Lea’s body and through Lea’s hair.

“I didn’t I guess. Just please, I can’t imagine how terrible it would be to be one of their slaves.”

“Watch it now, those are still my friends you’re talking about,” Bonnie said, giving Lea’s ass a light slap. Lea was a little surprised with herself, but she reflexively responded with a small quiet moan. “Oh, do I have a bit of a masochist on my hands?”

“I’ve found I can be, though I can also be a sadist at times too,” Lea said.

“Yes, I heard you switch, but let me be clear: I do not. Ever. If you’re going to be my slave, you need to know that to me you will always be submissive is that understood?” Bonnie asked, punctuating a lot of her statements with more slaps to Lea’s unprotected ass.

“Yes Mistress,” Lea murmured.

“Now if you’re really good, maybe you can earn a chance to play with some of my other slaves. I have a few to choose from, and all of them are submissive through and through. They’d probably love being dominated by a fellow slave. But that would be a privilege, you would need to earn that by being a good slave to me,” Bonnie said as she continued to stroke Lea’s hair.

Lea didn’t like it, but some of this was starting to turn her on. The constant petting certainly helped, her head resting on this woman’s soft leg certainly helped, that she was a girl at all certainly helped. The slapping certainly sent out the right signals, talking about the bevy of slaves that could be available, the way the bondage was inescapable but not at the moment painful. All of it was adding up. She was still being abducted into slavery, she didn’t want to feel any of these things, but she was beginning to regardless.

“So how many woman have you been with?” Bonnie asked after a period of silence.

“Just one… Mistress.” Lea said.

“Really, well then I better make sure you know what you’re doing,” Bonnie said as she stood up allowing Lea’s head to flop down without a leg to rest on. She removed her panties be kept her skirt on, it was short enough that hiking it up a bit was all that would be needed. She sat down against the back corner of the sectional sofa and grabbed Lea by the ropes and began to drag her forward. She was trimmed but not fully shaven, and slid forward to put her pussy right up against Lea’s face.

Lea tried her best. She didn’t actually know if she was any good or if Andrea was just easy, but she had brought her to climax enough she felt she knew at least a bit. That thought was confirmed as Bonnie began to moan softly. She ran her hands through Lea’s hair and used that position to occasionally deeply bury Lea’s face between her legs. It definitely took longer than it did with Andrea, but Lea eventually heard the cries got louder and louder before she felt Bonnie cum, spraying her face a little bit as she did.

Bonnie sat up some to put distance between them before bending down and kissing Lea’s forehead. “Not bad, you do have potential there maybe-soon-to-be slave. So who was the other woman then?”

Lea was suddenly struck with a strange feeling of déjà vu. Hogtied on this couch, licking her Mistress’s cunt, that was usually Andrea. It brought on a rather strong wave of recollecting. She’d once again put Andrea mostly from her mind only to have it all come flooding back unexpectedly. Bonnie was waiting for an answer but Lea suddenly didn’t want to give one. The feelings were overwhelming, coming from all directions, and it was silencing her.

To her credit, it seemed that Bonnie could tell this and scooted back over, letting Lea’s head rest on her leg again. “It’s one of the other people in the house isn’t it?” she asked as she began running a finger up and down Lea’s side.

Lea didn’t say anything but was eventually able to nod. “So if I go with you, will I ever see them again?” she asked.

“I’m sorry, some but not much, no. I usually only see these guys a few times a year, but we don’t always have all our slaves with us each time. And before you ask, no I can’t take them too. We agreed none of us get more than one slave, there’s already going to be two of us going home with no one new at all.” Bonnie said in a very sympathetic voice. It meant Lea absolutely believed her and that realization was the last straw she needed before she began to cry.

“You’re not going to cry all the time now are you?” Bonnie said, still sympathetically but with a tone that said she did have a finite amount of patience. “Cause I don’t like weepy slaves, and I think you really want me to like you if you don’t want to end up with one of those men.

“Sorry Mistress. This was just a weird thing that kind of crossed my mind.”

“Good, cause I wanna see how well you do in other positions. I’m a bit of a rope fiend, it’s something you’ll get to know about me rather quickly.”

“I like rope...” Lea said, able to pull her composure back together with the help of a different topic.

“Excellent. So, how long you think you could hold a reverse prayer? Well let’s just see,” Bonnie said with a wicked grin on her face.

\*\*\*\*

When dinner was finally called, Sophia was well onto her sixth mile and wanted desperately to stop running. Sota had put her in an armbinder, a body harness, a hood, a bridal, a buttplug with a tail and pony shoes that went up to just below her knee. The hood was the same kind Lea had gotten a while ago, they left the mouth open but had tubes over the eyes narrowing vision to only what is in front of the wearer. And with the way the bridal hooked into her collar it was very difficult for her to turn her head independent of her body.

The slaves from the truck had unloaded a treadmill to the back shed earlier in the day. When Sophia was brought out here and dressed, she was lead onto the treadmill where her body harness was attached to chains in the ceiling. If she fell they would catch her, but those chains were also hooked up to deliver a powerful shock through her buttplug every time they felt too much weight. He had turned the treadmill up to a light running pace some time ago and since then had simply sat there alternating between watching and looking at something on his tablet.

“Well, looks like I’m off to eat,” he said as he got up off his chair. “You’ve been doing excellent so far, I must say. When I saw how fast you ran during our little hunt, I wondered if you had potential here as well. I mean, you were running in the wrong way this afternoon, and running too loudly to not be noticed, but it looks like you might have a future as a ponygirl. Would you like that?” Sota asked as he condescendingly grabbed Sophia’s waist cincher

Sophia didn’t know much about ponygirls, but she knew enough to know she would probably hate being one. Unable to talk, treated like an animal, always bound. If this exercise was any indication she knew she was probably right. She was used to running in trainers, these shoes were the equivalent of six or seven inch heels with a two inch platform. Except there was no heel, making them even less stable than they otherwise would be. She never wore heels to begin with, she was tall enough without adding more height. With these shoes she was a giant, as tall as either of the large male slaves. Never mind the added weight of the metal horseshoe on the bottom. So these were very difficult to balance in to say the least. She was falling over nearly every hundred metres, but the shocks were more painful than just continuing to run.

As Sota walked right by her she tried to turn her head to plead to be released, all it did was trip her and bring another shock. She was hungry too, and she had enough of this damn machine. She wanted off now. She cried out trying to get his attention, but he kept going. “I’ll be back after dinner to see how you do,” He said as he reached the porch.

Megan could tell from inside that there was still something going on in the shed, it was where they had taken Sophia, but from the kitchen she couldn’t see well. She was busy plating up dinner for the six of them, trying her best to make it presentable. They had made it clear they would be judging her based on the dinner she serves and she badly did not want to be punished. They had even promised that if they were pleased she would be allowed to eat some of it instead of a blob of slave chow.

She hoped they would, she had been tasting as she cooked, making sure things were coming out right, and it had made her very hungry. She made the fanciest thing she could think of with what was in the house, with the sissy male slave beside her helping. Apple and walnut stuffed pork with a side of spicy carrots and mashed potatoes, her stomach gurgled again just at the thought let alone the sight and smell. She was not released from the kitchen tether, so it was left to the other slave to actually serve once everyone was seated. When he returned from bringing the drinks as well, he knelt down on the floor; something Megan decided was probably wise to copy. A wave of relief fell over her as she heard the table quiet down, in her experience that only happens when everyone is enjoying the food too much to talk.

“That was good, you certainly have potential in the kitchen,” Tom said as he turned back to look at Megan. Megan smiled, before beginning to hate herself just a little for smiling. She didn’t want to get punished sure, but she felt she shouldn't feel happy that she pleased her abductors. “Oh Crystal, take the cook upstairs, and bring the twins down” he called out before Crystal seemed to appear almost out of nowhere with both keys and cattle prod in hand. She unlocked Megan from the kitchen and led her upstairs to one of the waiting cells.

It was strange to be up there, Megan had gotten used to looking at all the bondage furniture that had been stored up here, but it had all been taken downstairs. In its place were cages, all empty save two. After Megan’s door was shut, Crystal went to work releasing the two identical looking slaves. They were both young, with hazel eyes and dirty blond hair. Megan watched all the steps that all needed keys. Unscrewing the dildoes needed a key, unlocking the top of the cage needed a key, removing each of the bars needed a key, each of the straps and chains all required keys and it didn’t look like any one of these steps could be skipped and still let the person go free. It troubled her how secure those enclosures were. She decided after watching one, she didn’t need to watch the same process done to free the slave beside her.

Instead she lay down and watched the ceiling as the late summer sun was just beginning to set. She was alone for only a short time as she heard the heavy footsteps of one of the larger slaves carrying Lea up with Crystal walking in front. Crystal opened up the cell next to Megan and set Lea against the far side. She connected a short chain to one side of Lea’s collar, around one of the bars and then back to another d-ring, effectively tethering her collar to the far side wall of bars and out of reach of Megan.

She lay there in a contorted pose encased in lots of rope. One hand was held up to her back between her shoulder blades while the other was bent at the elbow and held up like the two hands were stretching to reach each other from opposite sides. With thinner rope, even Lea’s fingers were bound to the web of ropes making up her chest harness, trapping both hands open palm facing out. Her legs were tied like she had once been sitting cross legged, but now was forced to keep that pose as she lay on the floor. Rope from her feet connected to the chest harness in the front and back, which giving her almost no movement at all. Thankfully her mouth was uncovered.

\*\*\*\*

“So.. how’ve you been,” Megan asked sarcastically causing them both to chuckle a bit. “But seriously, does that hurt?”

“Not as much as it probably looks like it does. As long as I don’t try to move it’s not too bad. But from the neck down the only thing I can move are my smaller toes. I’ve never felt anything like this.” she said as she wiggled her 8 smaller toes, revealing to Megan how even her big toes were tied to the rest of her leg. Megan’s stomach growled loud enough for them both to hear in the uncomfortable silence that followed. “So you haven’t eaten either? Weren't you the one cooking the food?”

“Yeah but I was being watched so closely I couldn’t exactly sneak a plate for myself. They had me make a lot extra and said if they like it enough I might get some of that,” she said as she theatrically smiled and held out both hands with crossed fingers.

The two were interrupted by the loud sound of someone walking up the stairs, but this time the noise came from the weight of Sophia’s boots as the metal clopped up the steps. She looked like her legs were made of jello, covered in sweat and about to collapse onto Crystal at any second. She still wore all the pony gear and when she was let in to the cell where Lea was, her arm binder was clipped to a chain at the far wall, giving her range to move but not enough to get over to where Megan might be able to undo the arm binder. Once she was secured, Crystal removed the bit gag but then simply left again.

“I.. just ran... just over 13... fucking miles... in these Goddamn things,” Sophia said as she laid on her side to get her weight off her shoes. She eventually, and with some difficulty sat up and began sucking on the dildo that was attached to the wall. She hoped it was still hooked up to give her a drink because she badly needed one. When it rewarded her with water she sucked up every last drop she could. “I saw them taking Andrea down from the rafters as I was coming in, she’ll probably be here any second now.”

Sophia wasn’t far off, and very soon after she said that Andrea marched up the stairs and into the far cell before Crystal removed her hood. She shut the door and left promptly. “We’ve got to get out of here,” she mumbled in a low voice after sprawling out on the metal floor. “These guys are monsters.”

Lea almost found herself leaping to Bonnie’s defense, but then mentally slapped herself for what she almost just did. Bonnie was still friends with all those others, and she was still participating in this whole endeavour. “The way I was hearing it explained is that they’re going to decide amongst each other who gets to keep who. We’ll all have different masters and almost never see each other again.”

“Fuck seeing each other, I just don’t want to be a slave. I had plans.. I was going to go to college. Well.. fuck I almost forgot. I would have be going if I could convince Hannah to let me go. Wow, she’s feeling like a lifetime ago.” Andrea blurted out in response.

“That would explain why they were judging my cooking, and I guess Sophia’s running,” Megan said in response to Lea, partially ignoring what Andrea said.

“Look I have a plan,” Andrea said in a somewhat whispered tone. “So I was thinking…” Andrea started before being interrupted by the sound of the door and feet on the steps. Crystal came into view holding a tray too high for anyone to see what was on it.

“Megan, for cooking such a good meal they have decided you deserve a plate,” Crystal said as she opened the door and handed Megan a wide shallow bowl of her food with everything already cut into bite sized pieces and slopped in carelessly. “Sophia, you did a half marathon without giving up for too long at a time, you deserve a plate” she said as walked into the cell and put a bowl right next to where Sophia was laying down. On her way out of the cage she began poking and prodding Lea. “Can you feel that?” she asked to which Lea nodded her head that she could. “Well for being, as Mistress Bonnie put it, quote ‘a cooperative little rope doll’ she said you get a plate as well,” Crystal said as she set a bowl of cut up food directly under her face.

When she walked over, Andrea crawled forward in anticipation. “Andrea, I’ve been told you have a biting problem, so I have been told to give you food that needs no biting,” Crystal said grabbing a bowl with something liquid in it. “Slave porridge, it’s just like slave chow but in liquid form. I’ve been instructed to ensure you eat it.”

Andrea looked it over. She could slightly smell the meat her friends were eating while she looked at a bowl of white mush, like someone left a bowl of shredded wheat out for a few hours. It had the distinct smell of spoiled milk which, if this was the same company that makes slave chow, it would probably taste like it too. “Please, Crystal, I’m sorry,  I just panicked when I couldn’t breath. Please I learned my lesson being left to dangle all day. At least tell me this isn’t the punishment kind?”

Crystal simply looked down at the ground, she didn’t have to answer the silence was enough. Andrea looked over at her friends but they didn’t want to look at her. She picked up the bowl, which only made its smell stronger, and brought it to her mouth. She forced her mouth open and started drinking the disgusting slop. It was even worse than she could have imagined. When a gelatinous chunk of what was imitating curdled milk landed on her tongue she had to stop. She felt like she was going to gag, but after a few breaths she forced herself back to the task and soon the bowl was empty.

When Crystal opened the door to retrieve the bowl, Andrea grabbed her forearm. Crystal grabbed for her cattle prod before Andrea started begging “No, no no just hear me out please.” Once Crystal had calmed down, Andrea let go of her arm before continuing. “Do you think you could sneak us a phone? I could call for help, you could all go free.”

Crystal looked shocked. She backed up and closed Andrea’s door as she looked around to see the reactions of the other three. “You think it’s just that easy? The truck has a cell jammer, no one’s making any calls or reaching out to anyone,” she explained.

“Well… they turned Hannah off right? I heard Paul say that. So if Hannah’s off, no one is in control of our van, we could drive out of here!” Andrea said in her most pleading tone possible.

“It’s at least 20 minutes to get out of here, they’ll notice you’re missing before that,” Crystal explained, poking a big hole in their plan.

“Please, you must have some idea how these guys could not notice we’ve gone missing for that long” Sophia asked, joining in on the planning.

Crystal thought about it, she paced back and forth before stopping in her tracks. “There’s one possibility, but you might not like it.”

“I’m listening, anything.” Andrea said, gripping the bars with her hands and pressing her face as far forward as it could go.

“I could tell them you were misbehaving and that I decided you needed punishing. I generally have the authority to do that. So this is the part you aren’t going to like, I put you in these cages…” she said as she backed up and held one in her arms. “And say I’m snapping on the cage shields, they’re these black plastic covers that go over the cages that block out most sound and all light. That’s a kind of punishment I can give you without it raising many questions. Then, when they are all distracted, I get Marcus or Said to carry your cages out the back, and also put some covers over four other cages so they don’t know you’re gone as easily.”

Andrea and Sophia were on board, they were willing to take a risk if it meant maybe getting out of this. Megan was a little wary of getting into those cages, knowing there’s a hundred different ways she couldn’t get herself out. Lea had a bit of worry but after seeing Sophia and Andrea so eagerly volunteer she decided she was in too. With all her friends in on it, Megan finally but still a little reluctantly agreed.

“OK, I’ll be back shortly, in the mean time Andrea, I’ll move you over so you can start undoing those ropes.” Crystal said before opening the doors to both Lea’s and Andrea’s cell. “I need to go get things in order. I’ll be back in say 10 minutes, I’ll tell them I’m just retrieving the plates or something.” She then quickly disappeared before forcing her face back to a calm demeanor.

By the time Crystal had returned, Andrea had still barely made a dent in Lea’s ropes. Crystal was prepared as she handed Andrea a pair of EMT scissors to get things going better. She opened Megan’s cell and started with her first. Megan had a lot of second thoughts as she climbed into the cage, but tried to push them all aside as Crystal worked speedily, securing her to the cage. Soon she was locked in to where all that was left was the dildoes. “Are those really necessary?” she asked.

“Yes, the shields can’t fit on if these aren’t screwed into the cage, and as you can see there’s no way to get them into the cage without getting them… well.. into you. Sorry,” Crystal said as she began pushing one dildo into Megan’s mouth before she even had time to respond. Once the other two were in she walked over to Lea who was now finally untied. While she secured Lea, Andrea had finished releasing Sophia, and soon enough the whole lot of them were secured in these cages.

“These are the shields,” Crystal said holding a large plastic board. She unfolded the flaps and attached the centre piece to the top of the cage first. She then lowered the four sides that fit exactly to the cage and closed off all five sides of bars. The floor was solid and padded, so now there really was no way to see at all.  Even though the plastic was just inches away, none of them had any ability to reach out and actually touch it, somehow that seemed extremely demoralizing.

They each in their own turn felt the cage being lifted up by someone strong. They felt the jostling of going down stairs but the plastic shields prevented any good airflow. It was getting stuffy already and none of them could feel the outside air as they presumably went out to the van. They were set down and then left alone for some time. But the claustrophobic enclosure, the dildoes filing every hole, the deprivation of light, the stuffy air, all of it was worth it to get down to that van and the hell away from those men.

\*\*\*\*

“Ta da!” Crystal said as she removed the first plastic cover from Andrea’s cage in one smooth motion. As Andrea’s eyes adjusted, Crystal went down the line and did it to all four cages. Andrea blinked repeatedly, not believing or at least not wanting to believe what she was seeing.

They weren’t in the van at all, Crystal had brought them down to the living room where all the masters sat on couches and all the slaves sat on the floor, all of them watching where the four of them lay trapped in their cages. Once all four covers were off, Paul began to clap which everyone else joined in on as Crystal took a small bow and went to sit at Paul’s feet.

“You four didn’t think this through did you?” Paul said, causing some light laughter. “You think I would give my baby here the kind of power she has if there were any chance you’d be able to turn her against us?” He asked as he bent down and kissed Crystal. “Crystal’s been with me for thirteen years now, longer than anyone else here has had anyone. And she isn’t just some slave, she’s my wife. You could not have picked a worse person to try this with.”

Andrea was feeling sick, sure some of that was the food but she began to genuinely panic as she tested just how little room she had to move. Sophia and Megan were feeling almost as bad, and they didn’t have any food to blame for their problems.

“Said, go bring out Puppet would you?” Paul said to the darker skinned of the two large men. He departed and went out to the truck leaving the door open. “I was really hoping to save this last thing here for something special, and so I thank you for giving me some good pretext. You see, you’re all on track to becoming essentially life-long slaves. The question is what kind of slaves will you be? Marcus and Said are extra useful for all the heavy lifting, it’s why I try to borrow them away from Bonnie whenever I plan a big outing like now. Those two over there by Tom?” He said, pointing to the two identical looking slaves. “Those are actual twins, and they are both musically talented in addition to their skills in bed. So Tom has reason to value those two, Bonnie has reason to value her two giants, and if you don’t have an obvious value.. well then we might have to look for more unusual talents to consider you valuable.”

As he finished, Said appeared with the oil drum which he laid on its side in view of all four caged girls. With the closer look though, it wasn’t an actual oil drum, at least not any more. It was cut down the length, with latches and hinges on opposite sides that allowed it to swing open like a chest or a suitcase. Paul came and rolled it back and forth a few times before eventually returning it to where it was and standing it up to look more like a typical oil drum.

“Ladies, may I present… Puppet.” He said as he undid the three latches and slid the container open. Everyone understood what they were seeing but they were having trouble accepting that their eyes weren’t tricking them. Inside was a woman with a mask over her face and thick tube coming out of it that attaches to the side of the barrel. There was a catheter tube leading to a small baggie of yellow liquid that sat beside her. Her torso was strapped into a foam mold built into the oil drum, while her ample breasts hung down unsupported. But that was it, that was all of her, just a torso. No arms, no legs, not even stubs. In their place there were metal plates that were currently being used to help in preventing her from falling forward. They were the same kind of metal plates that are sometimes used to fasten artificial limbs to, but none of them had seen them as deep in as the torso, they were usually just for someone who lost a hand but kept the arm.

“Puppet here is unique, she’s special, and that’s what makes her such a valuable slave.” Paul said as he unstrapped her from her bindings and removed her mask. She had very short bleached blond hair, an inch and a half wide brass colored ring through the middle of her nose and two tubes down her throat. After Paul slowly and carefully removed each one her first words were “I live to serve my Master.”

None of the girls know how to react, they each simply trembled in fear and denial.

Crystal retrieved a harness that attached to Puppet’s torso and her four metal plates. The harness attached to one of the rings that was already lowering down from the rafters. The straps connecting the harness with the suspension ring were very short and all connected to a ball bearing axle that allowed the whole harness to spin freely without spinning the ring. She was quickly hoisted into the air, face down until she reached waist height. Andrea and her friends were far enough back that despite not being able to lift their head significantly they still had a clear view of what was happening.

Paul gave the four girls one last sly look before walking over to Puppet. He unzipped his pants and spun her around so that her head faced him, allowing her to quickly begin to suck his cock to get it hard. Once it was, he simply spun her effortlessly back around until his cock was at her rear. There was still some kind of buttplug in her that he showed no signs of addressing. He pushed her forward like a swing and walked forward himself. When he let go, the limbless girl fell backwards, taking his entire and rather substantive cock all at once. She let out a muffled gasp before quickly saying “Thank you for using me, it is my only purpose.”

Andrea was not believing what she was seeing, more importantly she didn’t want to be seeing it. She tried shaking but she remained stuffed from both ends and held tight to a series of straps and bars. Her only defense was to close her eyes. But as she did that she started seeing her own face up there, being bandied about like a human tetherball, and that was even worse than watching.

By the time she looked back up someone else had come to use her mouth. At the same time, two slaves were allowed to play with her from below. One played with her tits while the other played with her clit. With all the attention she was getting it was hard to tell, but she seemed to be enjoying it. She moaned like she was, she occasionally shook and convulsed like she was cumming. But she never had her mouth to herself to express any of that properly. Even Bonnie wanted in, enjoying her mouth and what could be seen as three different tongue piercings in a triangle across the front half of her tongue. When all six of the masters had finished, they sat back and let some of their slaves enjoy her, those not in chastity at least.

“Thank you for using me, I hope this fuckdoll was good enough. And if I was not good enough, please punish me harshly for I would have failed and would deserve it.” Puppet said when the very last slave had finally finished and sat back down. “Don’t worry, you did fine dear,” Paul said, causing an ever so contented smile to cross her face.

“This was certainly a fun little bit improvised playing you girls came up with, this whole ‘help me escape, oh please Crystal help me’ thing,” Paul said. “It was a nice game but that scenario has played itself out. You lost and we got you even more secure than when you started. Now we’re back to what we came here for. You are still going to be slaves, we are still going to take you to be slaves, so it’s up to you what kind of slave you’re going to be. ‘Cause every one of us, we all want a valuable slave. They are just better investments and they’re just a lot more fun,” He said as he walked over to the controls and began to rise Puppet higher and higher until the ring was almost returned to the beam housing. She now hung well above head level. “She’ll be fine up there, ain't that right?”

“I am happy with wherever my Master puts me for however long he wishes to put me there,” She said, almost sounding proud.

“Attagirl. Well, we better get you out of those cages, I presume you’re through trying to escape?”

Each of the four attempted the best “yes sir,” they could but none of them were even close. Still, Crystal came back and one by one, with the aid of her cattle prod and Marcus, brought the girls back up to their cells.

None of them knew how they were going to pull themselves through this, but none of them had a choice. “Lea, Mistress Bonnie would like to see you in the master bedroom” Crystal called out over the attic’s speakers. Lea’s light went green and she silently bid goodbye to her colleges. Soon after, Sophia was called down, as was Megan, leaving Andrea all alone.

And alone, her thoughts drifted to one worrying idea. No one was calling her. No one was considering her valuable. She hated that she was thinking mournfully that she wasn’t being a prize slave, but she saw what can happen to make a slave more valuable. She slumped back into the corner and began to cry. When her name finally was called she couldn’t help but feel relief, it was her turn to go prove that she had value. For her own sake if nothing else.

\*\*\*\*



01.01.15

story continues in [**The Stories of Bound Friends 9: Andrea and the New Normal**](storiesofboundfriends9.html)

o0o
