---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Leon City Stories
authors:
- TheLargeEmpty
tags:
- F-f+
- bond
- latex
- school
- armbinder
- uniform
- gag
- rope
- crotchrope
- punish
- reluct
- X
date: 2024-08-14 00:00:00
---

### 22: The Bondage School 1

"If you want to see more, give me a thumbs up and don't forget to add a subscription!" squealed Summer's AI-generated voice from the laptop. Summer herself stared in horror at the video she had just watched. It showed her tying herself up in a vacuum bed and orgasming over and over again for hours.

"Is that… is that on the internet?" Summer asked the police officer in front of her. He shook his head.

"It was on a USB stick in your backpack. Along with instructions for programs and blueprints for the machines you can see there. You should know that better than anyone, shouldn't you Miss …" he looked in Summers' file, "…Serena von Nachtschwing."

"How many times again! Call me Summer and I was forced to do it! I was kidnapped!" Summer said annoyed for what felt like the hundredth time.

"Kidnapped? Kidnappers don't usually let their victims tie themselves up, especially not in fancy machines like this, or just let them go."

"Do you think I'm making this up? It was Sarah Jenkins! She kidnapped me and forced me to do it!"

"Ah, Sarah Jenkins then?" the policeman asked in astonishment, looking at the file again, "but it says here that she died a few years ago, shortly after she moved."

"Wha…"

Summer fell silent as she realized why Sarah had said she had nothing to worry about.

"But it was her! She wanted revenge on me because I exposed her at school!"

"So you're saying Miss Jenkins did this to you? Can you explain that to me then?" he asked, pushing several bills towards Summer. They reported on the Darlex clothing and restraint utensils as well as the vacuum bed and more. All of them were signed by Summer herself. There was no doubt about that.

"I thought they were things my girlfriend bought. Sarah tricked me and kidnapped me!"

"And where to?"

"First to her house and then to the old Leon City Hospital! Look, I don't know why I'm being held here for a supposed public nuisance offense if that crazy woman is still out there!"

" You don't know so…" said the policeman, closing the video to look for some pictures.

"Go to the hospital! She was sleeping in a bed there and there's bound to be DNA traces or something!"

"That could be a bit tricky, see?" he said, opening a picture of the old LC hospital. It was ablaze and the fire department was trying in vain to bring the flames under control.

"That wasn't me!" Summer shouted, looking alternately at the picture and the policeman.

"Neither was the video or the self-bondage instructions and all that mechanical stuff you made? Everything fits amazingly well with your school career and your knowledge. Robotics, programming, the list goes on. At the moment it's suspected that a fault in your machines started the fire and you luckily thought to yourself: oh, I'll do a self-bondage adventure in the city for a change. That probably saved your life, but we'll still get you for arson, entering restricted premises and, as you said, causing a public nuisance. The lies won't help you there, Miss von Nachtschwing."

"I…" at that moment the door was pushed open and Summer's and the policeman's faces went white at the same time. The policeman's because three lawyers entered the room and asked him to leave, which he grudgingly did. Two of them escorted him out of the interrogation room, while the last one sat down opposite Summer and stared at her.

"He… hello father," Summer mumbled weakly, avoiding his eyes and looking down at her handcuffs chaining her to the table. Her father wrinkled his nose and looked down at his daughter with furrowed eyebrows.

"You stink!"

To anyone else, Summer would have snapped, as Sarah hadn't exactly taken care of her hygiene, but all that came out of her lips was, "Sorry, Dad."

"And what are you wearing anyway, Serena? Don't you know any shame?" he said coldly, pointing to the skin-tight Darlex suit on Summer's skin.

"My kidnapper gave me this. A friend wanted to buy me new clothes…"

"Your kidnapper?" Summer's father suddenly interrupted worriedly, looking at her file as Summer paused and nodded. He read the accusations and statements and exhaled deeply.

"We'll fix it…" he finally said and looked back up at his daughter, who suddenly looked at him in surprise. She opened her mouth to thank him, but something seemed wrong.

"B… but?" she asked.

"But your mother and I have come to the conclusion that… this town," he pronounced the latter as if it were dirt he didn't want to touch, "is a bad influence on our daughter and from now on we decide what her life will be like."

"What? But we had a deal!" Summer said indignantly, but immediately fell silent as her father stared coldly at her again.

"That's right, we HAD a deal. You didn't take the test, which means that your grades can't keep up with the agreed average…"

"But only because…"

"Furthermore, we were at your house."

"Oh."

"Yes… ‘oh’. We told you that we didn't approve of your interests, but we let you get away with it. A mistake, as it turns out. Not only did you turn the house into… a sex dungeon and it was stuffed with all this," he pointed to Summers Darlex suit, "clothes and Japanese stuff. No, you're also sharing a bed with another woman who obviously only loves you for our money."

"That's not true!" Summer said suddenly, and this time she held his gaze. Her eyes were narrowed angrily and her hands were clenched into fists. Her father raised an eyebrow and sighed.

"Yes it is Selena. We wanted her to leave our house immediately and keep quiet about this disgrace. She said we had to pay her enough," Summer's father said, folding his hands on the table.

"What…?" Summer asked, slumping in her chair. It was as if someone had driven a stake through her heart and she stared at her father, stunned.

"She took 250,000 dollars and this old van and left without even asking about you. Anyway, given your missteps and the apparent lack of safety in this town, your mother and I have decided to send you to a private boarding school that will adjust your behavior so that you can be an honorable member of the family in the future. Your time of licentiousness is over, young lady. The chauffeur is waiting outside. He will take you to your new school," her father said and stood up as Summer's world collapsed.

“Goodbye.”

Those were Caitlyn's last words. One last hug and Summer had to get in. She didn't even have time to say goodbye to her other friends. Summer had kept her eyes closed the whole journey, hoping that when she opened them, she would be home again. The day before she'd been at the club with Ava and she'd celebrated Christmas with everyone.

If I had known what was going to happen, I would have said goodbye there. Summer thought, but she didn't know if she could have brought herself to do it. It seemed wrong to her after this girl, Phae, had given them such a wonderful surprise after Christmas. Summer had worked with her, even though they had only met once briefly.

"Just magical," Summer whispered as she thought of their bondage adventure together.

"What did you say, Lady Serena?" her chauffeur Jean asked, looking through the rear-view mirror at Summer. Surprised, she opened her eyes and looked around. It was already evening and snow-covered fields stretched out in all directions. They must have been driving for a long time.

"Nothing… I was just thinking about my friends," Summer mumbled, wiping away a tear.

"Mmm. You'll see them again soon, won't you?" he asked, but Summer remained silent. She doubted her father would allow it. After all, he wanted to protect his most prized possession from the influences of Leon City. For good.

"I… I'm not so sure about that, Jean," Summer murmured and her driver raised an eyebrow in surprise. His expression quickly returned to normal, however, and he stopped in front of a large curved gate. Summer could see countless snow-covered trees behind the wall. While the gate squeaked open, Jean drummed thoughtfully and impatiently on his steering wheel until he could drive off again. They drove along a gravel road lined with bare trees. It looked spooky to Summer, and anything but inviting. They quickly left the small forest behind them and she took her first look at her new school. It was built in the style of an English boarding school. With high castle-like walls, towers with battlements and large ornate windows. The driver finally stopped in front of another gate and opened the door for Summer.

"Thanks," Summer mumbled downcast and looked up at her new school until Jean cleared his throat.

"I was told you just need to go through the gate and to reception. The principal wants to talk to you and brief you. And um…" he leaned towards her ear and whispered, "Maybe you can find a way to get dismissed early. Maybe I could happen to be free at the time of your release and happen to be in the area. You could show me some of the sights in Leon City. I hear it's a big city and people get lost there occasionally, don't they?"

Summer looked up at him in surprise. She didn't know what to say until he gave her an encouraging nod.

"Thank you Jean," Summer said and for the first time since she had been arrested, a smile formed on her lips.

"A pleasure as always, Lady… Summer," he said, bowing politely before handing her her suitcase and driving away. It contained the few possessions she was allowed to take with her, plus a little more. Summer waited for him to leave the premises and looked up at one of the windows. She thought she saw someone behind it watching her, but she wasn't sure. Summer took a deep breath. She pointed at the boarding school and you could see her old cheeky self in her eyes again.

"As soon as I'm out of here, I'm going back, Leon City! Get ready for something, school!"

"Serena von Nachtschwing… I welcome you to Saint Alther's School for Special Ladies," the principal said to Summer, folding her hands on her desk, "I am the principal, Doctor Alther, and I am delighted to welcome you as our youngest student yet. I'm sure we'll be able to make a proper lady out of you."

"Um, I'll be 22 soon, but… thanks?" Summer replied with a raised eyebrow as she sat with her legs apart on an uncomfortable wooden chair. She pretended to be uninterested, but she studied her new principal closely. Summer guessed her to be in her late thirties. She had straight black hair, which she had tied back in a knot with two crossed hair sticks. She had a friendly face, with a nice smile and red lips. However, she couldn't help noticing that Doctor Alther was also looking at Summer with her piercing light brown eyes. She was wearing a black pinstripe blazer, which Summer thought showed a little too much of her cleavage. No doubt she would attract a lot of attention with it and her slim body. Underneath, she wore a white shirt with a collar that looked so smooth Summer thought you could cut yourself on it.

"Your parents wrote that you call yourself… Summer. Does that have a special meaning?" Doctor Alther asked, reading a file for any other peculiarities.

"I don't like my name, plain and simple," Summer said, crossing her arms, "Look, I'm just passing through here anyway, so I'd be happy if we could speed this up a bit."

The friendly face disappeared instantly and Summer had to stifle a smile.

"You don't know what kind of school this is?" Doctor Alther asked, standing up so that Summer could see her severe pencil skirt and black nylon tights.

"A school named after your snobbish principal?" Summer asked, this time unable to keep the corners of her mouth from turning up. Doctor Alther seemed to ignore the question, however, coming around the table and leaning on the edge of her desk.

"This school was named after my great-great-grandmother," she said calmly, which irritated Summer, "Back then it was still a normal school for young girls. However, I reopened it and restructured it to get troublemakers back on track. Be it as ladies or servants."

Summer frowned.

"Um, great?" Summer asked, leaning backwards in surprise as Doctor Alther suddenly put her foot on Summer's chair and between her legs, looking down at her snidely.

"You really don't know what kind of school this is, do you?" she asked again, the corners of her mouth twisting into a sinister grin.

"Maybe one that can risk being reported for sexual harassment?" Summer muttered, nervously eyeing her principal's leg when she saw that she wasn't wearing tights, but suspenders.

"One who really does everything she can to turn bullies like you into proper young ladies," she whispered and leaned forward. Doctor Alther lifted her hand and gently stroked Summer's cheek. The pink-haired girl was too shocked to say anything in response or bat it away. Doctor Alther pinched her cheek playfully and straightened up again. She smoothed her skirt and cleared her throat.

"Your room is 337, everything should already be prepared for you. Your roommate will fill you in on our rules and schedule. If you do as you're told, you'll… probably, have a wonderful time with us. If not…" Doctor Alther left the rest of the sentence unanswered, "you may leave."

She walked back around her desk and sat down in her chair. Doctor Alther turned a page in Summer's file and looked up when Summer still hadn't moved.

"Are you all right, Miss von Nachtschwing?"

"Um no, I mean yes, I… I… am leaving," Summer stuttered, slowly getting up from her seat without taking her eyes off the principal. She walked backwards to the door and pushed against it. With a nervous look, she left Doctor Alther's office and closed the door behind her. She took a moment to collect herself and shook her head.

"What the hell was that?" asked Summer, but no one was in reception to answer her question. Even her suitcase had disappeared.

" Didn't I…" she stared at the spot where she had definitely left her suitcase, but it was indeed gone.

"WHERE'S MY SUITCASE!" Summer shouted angrily, fearing that it had just been stolen. Immediately the door behind her was yanked open and Doctor Alther looked down at her as if she were dirt under her high heels.

"Miss von Nachtschwing, didn't I just tell you to go to your room immediately?"

"But my suitcase is gone!"

"That's no reason to shout around here! You'll get a week's detention, young lady."

"But…"

"Fine, another week. Keep talking and we'll get to know each other much better over the next month," she urged Summer, but she kept her mouth shut.

"So you are capable of learning after all. Not a lost cause after all, as you made yourself out to be. Your suitcase has been stowed away in our cellar. You'll get it back when you successfully graduate from our school."

Summer's mouth fell open. Not only did the suitcase contain her clothes, it also contained her laptop and cell phone, which she had smuggled in.

"And what should I wear, please?"

"Our school uniform, of course. We also provide our students with pyjamas and anything else they need."

"Ah…" Summer said weakly, rubbing the back of her head. She tousled her pink hair.

"And take this with you," Doctor Alther said, handing her a bottle, which she took from a cupboard, "Dyeing your hair is not allowed at our school. Wash it out today before you go to bed."

Summer was about to object, but quickly remembered what had happened the last time she had said "But".

"Right away…" Summer said, nodding before turning around. Gritting her teeth, she left the reception before the principal could give her another punishment.

All the way to her room, Summer didn't see another human soul. She almost believed that Alther and she were alone at the school. But Summer could hear voices of other women behind one door or another.

"At last… 335, 336, 337," Summer said and stopped at her room. She could hear someone singing softly behind the wooden door.

"That must be my roommate," Summer mumbled and listened for a moment. She had a really beautiful voice. She even hit the high notes perfectly, but the lyrics were, and Summer couldn't describe it any other way, sad. She shook her head and took a deep breath before knocking and entering. She walked into a spacious but bare room. There were two beds in the corners and a woman sitting at one of the two desks who looked up when Summer entered the room. Summer couldn't help but notice that she had made a worried face before she smiled. Her roommate had shoulder-length brown hair and a pretty face with soft features. Summer immediately got the feeling that she was a good listener; however, she noticed that she looked quite pale and tired.

"Hey, my name is Summer. I was told that I'm your new roommate?" Summer asked cautiously and the woman nodded.

"You're finally here, I've been waiting for you all day. Just a minute, I have to finish writing something," the woman said cheerfully and turned back to her work while Summer quietly closed the door.

"Right, finished! So, welcome to Saint Althers. My name is Grace. Pleased to make your acquaintance," Grace said, extending her hand to Summer as Summer turned to her and froze when she saw what Grace was wearing. The pyjamas Doctor Alther had announced were a loose-fitting jumpsuit made of blue latex.

"Wh-what are you wearing!" stuttered Summer, stumbling back in shock and ramming the closed door.

"Oh um, this is a bit weird now, but these are our pyjamas. I'm not exactly thrilled either, but… well, better than walking around naked," Grace said, "They're latex, by the way," she added when she saw the still shocked look on Summer's face.

"I know what latex is, but why?" Summer screamed and Grace winced.

"Psssssst! Keep it down or we could get into real trouble," Grace whispered worriedly, taking Summer's hand and leading her to her new bed, where another blue suit rested on a black latex blanket.

"Sorry," Summer whispered and the two women sat down on the bed, "It just seems so…"

"Unreal? Unpleasant? Kinky?" Grace asked sympathetically.

"No, um… familiar. My parents sent me here partly because of my love of latex, so that I could become a proper lady. They must have overlooked the fact that latex is part of the school uniform… but this is a real school, isn't it?" asked Summer, picking up her pyjamas. They were heavier than she thought and made of thick latex.

"Well… yes? But Doctor Alther, she… has a particular approach to the subject. Harsh punishments and constant humiliation," Grace said, raising her arms to show off her jumpsuit, "I've had to… well."

Grace shook her head when she didn't want to or couldn't talk about it further and started a new topic.

"So you're here for your parents too?"

Summer nodded and opened her mouth, but not a word came out. She should have been happy that she was allowed to wear latex despite everything, and being punished at a kinky school sounded to her ears like a kink she had to try at home. But a dark figure stirred in her head and asked the one question she had been suppressing all the time.

With whom?

Tea left me and took advantage of me. Did she plan it from the beginning? Had I just been a rung on her ladder? But we love each other… or… or? Do I even want to go back to Leon City?

All the alarm bells immediately went off in Grace's head when she saw Summer staring past her, caught up in her thoughts. Grace immediately bridged the short distance between them and took Summer in her arms. She hugged her roommate and snapped Summer out of her trance.

"What…" Summer stuttered, but fell silent as a lump formed in her throat and squeezed painfully.

"It's going to be okay… let it out, I'm with you," Grace whispered, squeezing Summer a little tighter and holding her head as she felt Summer begin to tremble. At the same moment, tears rolled down Summer's cheeks and a sob escaped her mouth. Suddenly she had forgotten all her inhibitions and she began to cry in the stranger's arms. All the fear and sadness that had built up over the past few days flowed in rivulets over Grace's shoulder as she gently cradled and stroked Summer in her arms.

It was the first time Summer had experienced such a deep and heartfelt embrace and the first time she had cried in a long time.

She didn't know how her roommate could make her feel so tenderly close, even though they had only just met. After Summer calmed down, she even helped her wash the pink dye out of Summer's hair. Neither of them said anything during the whole process, but Grace continued to comfort Summer with every touch between them. Together they watched as Summer's pink hair turned a bright blonde and the colour disappeared down the drain along with Summer's tears.

"You really do have beautiful hair," Grace commented as Summer changed, left the bathroom and she smiled faintly.

"Thanks… it's been a long time since I've seen it," Summer murmured, picking up a tuft of her hair, "I've been dying it since I wasn't cooped up at home."

"And you'll dye it again when you get out of here," Grace said encouragingly and took Summer in her arms again. This time, Summer returned the touch and rested her head on Grace's shoulder.

"Thank you Grace."

"You're welcome, Summer," whispered Grace, releasing the embrace. The two women crawled into their beds and under their latex sheets.

"It all seems so surreal. These latex pyjamas and comforter. I doubt I can become a proper lady like that," laughed Summer and Grace joined in.

"I really hope you stay the way you are, Summer, even if your love of latex is a bit strange."

"Hey! You just have to give latex a chance!"

"Well…" Grace began, flipping back her blanket to reveal her latex pyjamas, "I've been giving latex a chance for a year now."

Suddenly Summer sat bolt upright in bed. Jean said she'd get out quicker if she behaved herself, and Grace didn't make a particularly rebellious impression on Summer, so why had she been here a year for?

"That long? Why?!" Summer asked, horrified, and Grace giggled sheepishly.

"I, um… tend to stand out a lot," she mumbled sheepishly and got to her feet. Summer understood that something was bothering Grace and opened her mouth to help Grace like she did her, but Grace switched off the light and said, "We should get some sleep, tomorrow's going to be a busy day. Good night, Summer."

"Good… good night Grace," Summer mumbled and lay down.

I wonder what's going to be so exhausting? Summer thought about it and closed her eyes. She couldn't yet imagine what Doctor Alther had in store for her.

BAMM. BAMM. BAMM.

The ringing of a heavy bell woke Summer from her far too short sleep and she fell out of bed in fright, tangling herself in her latex blanket.

"What the?" she asked, startled, struggling against her covers until she realized where she was.

"Morning Summer," Grace said, yawning loudly. She got up from her bed and groaned as she stretched.

"Morning Grace. Can you help me out of here?" Summer asked, annoyed, when she couldn't find the beginning or end of the blanket. Grace smiled kindly and came over to help her.

"This doesn't happen every morning now, does it?" asked Grace, helping Summer up.

"I don't make promises," Summer said grudgingly, stretching as Grace did, "So now it's off to class? Math or…"

"Get dressed first, right? There are drawers under your bed with your uniform. You can go to the bathroom and get ready," Grace said and gave Summer a quick hug, which made Summer blush as she remembered the warm feeling from yesterday, "I need to finish some writing," Grace said and sat down at her desk.

"Math homework?"

Grace chuckled.

"I wish we had math, but no… I um… might be too soon to tell you about it. Sorry," Grace said with a slightly suspicious look over her shoulder.

"No problem. Keep your secrets," Summer said placatingly, raising her hands with a smile. She opened a drawer under her bed and found several thick black bags lying neatly next to each other. Each one had Summer's name on it and a few of them had said that they were her school uniform. She didn't look at the others yet and took out a uniform bag. She could immediately feel through the plastic that there was latex in it again.

"Honestly Dad, you're already a lawyer and then you miss a detail like that?" Summer muttered to herself and went into the bathroom where she peeled out of her pyjamas. The latex made smacking noises as she slipped it off and she put her jumpsuit next to the door before jumping in the shower.

After Summer had finished, she sat down on a bench and opened the bag, frowning. It contained several pieces of latex clothing in white and blue. What puzzled her, however, was a small bag of padlocks and what looked like a box binder that would tie her hands behind her back.

"Um Grace?"

"Coming!" Grace said immediately and walked into the bathroom where she immediately groaned when she saw the naked Summer looking up at Grace for help, "I thought you were done! Summer, I really don't need to see this. I'm married!"

Summer looked at her in surprise and blushed.

"Sorry, I'm, um, a bit lost here. What are the locks and especially the armbinder for? This is a joke, isn't it? How am I supposed to put this on by myself?"

Grace closed her eyes and groaned in annoyance.

"I didn't think you'd be so hard up for this stuff that your question is how to put it on, not why."

"Well… what can I say?" asked Summer guiltily, hiding her breasts and crotch so Grace wouldn't get mad at her.

"We're going to get dressed as much as we can and get tied up and sent to class after breakfast. And no, we still don't have math today, we have posture class and art."

"Uh… thanks… and I'm really sorry."

"It's okay, but hurry up, I don't want to be late. Lube is in the nightstand," Grace said, turning her back to Summer and taking off her jumpsuit. She picked Summer's up off the floor and put them both in a machine that looked like an oversized toaster.

"This is the washing machine for our clothes. They'll be washed and dry when we come back this afternoon," she explained curtly and jumped into the shower herself. Summer scratched her chin sheepishly and went back to her bed to get dressed. First, Summer laid out all the clothes in front of her to get an idea. Her latex school uniform consisted of a white leotard and white tights. Summer guessed that the lockable light blue miniskirt and armbinder in the same color were aimed at making them look like sailors.

"The Alther must be taking a leaf out of Japanese schools," Summer mused, reaching for the tights and lubricant from her bedside cabinet. With its help, she slid almost effortlessly over Summer's smooth legs and Summer carefully squeezed any air bubbles out of her. She immediately missed the C&T products, as all those laborious steps were unnecessary, and turned to the leotard. It had a zipper in the back and fake buttons down the front.

"Looks super cute, actually," Summer murmured, licking her lips. She tucked her legs into the back opening of the leotard and pulled it up her legs. She tucked her arms into the sleeves and, as before, she worked out the air bubbles and then pulled up the zipper. Her upper body was now firmly encased in the latex and the cut ensured that her breasts were lifted. Summer reached for the skirt and pulled it up her hips as well. A black belt was worked into the hip area, which she tightened and secured with two padlocks. They now dangled from her hips and clicked softly against each other.

"Are there shoes to go with the uniform?" Summer asked loudly so that Grace could hear her.

"Drawer at the end of the bed," came back from the bathroom and Summer looked. Sure enough, she found a pair of shiny red stiletto heels with 13 cm heels. They had a strap, which of course she could secure with a lock, so she needed keys to take them off again.

"Haaaa I think this is going to be a very long and painful day," Summer sighed and put the shoes on, while Grace came back to her room already fully clothed.

"Wow, you're really fast. I was late on my first day because I didn't understand how to put on latex… and why does it look so good on you?" Grace asked, looking down at herself in irritation. She was wearing the same thing as Summer, but she wasn't at all happy about what she was wearing.

"What are you talking about? You look adorable," Summer said, walking over to Grace.

"You're just saying that now!" said Grace, blushing as Summer took her hands.

"Believe me… latex doesn't make anyone ugly. If we wore it for any other reason, the world would be our oyster," Summer said firmly and smiled.

"You're crazy," laughed Grace, freeing her hands and picking up her shoes, which she immediately put on and locked. At that moment, the bell rang again and Grace sighed.

"Time for breakfast," she said, beckoning Summer to the door. She held her armbinder in her hand and Summer turned back to the bed to pick hers up.

"You don't want to forget this one, believe me."

"I almost figured."

Grace led her into a hall where there were three tables. The teachers were obviously sitting at the end of the hall. A few other schoolgirls were already sitting at the other two. Half of them wore the same latex uniforms as Summer and Grace, the others wore them in white and pink. Summer immediately noticed the depressed mood, even though they all had a sumptuous breakfast in front of them. There was toast and various sandwiches, eggs, coffee and orange juice. However, instead of conversations and laughter being heard in the hall, they talked in whispers at most, if at all. Mainly, all that could be heard was the soft clinking of cutlery. Summer had the strange feeling that she was filming a Harry Potter movie. But not at Hogwarts, but in a prison.

"Why is everyone so quiet?" Summer asked, sitting down opposite Grace at the head of a long table.

"If we're too loud, we can be punished. Ladies should be quiet and always be ready to listen," explained Grace, to which Summer frowned.

"And the different uniforms?"

"We with the blue uniforms come from wealthy families and need to be well-behaved. Those with the pink ones… are usually trained as servants," Grace said. Summer was puzzled by the word, mostly, but she pushed the thought aside for now.

"Like in the graveyard here," Summer said, helping herself to toast and cheese while Grace poured them coffee, "What kind of punishments are there?"

Grace was about to answer when she turned pale and quickly closed her mouth. Summer was about to ask her what was going on again when she felt hands on her shoulders.

"Among other things, the punishment of being gagged," said Doctor Alther and her hands dug into Summer's shoulders, making her flinch.

"Miss van Cortlandt, I trust this troublemaker hasn't caused you any problems?" Doctor Alther asked and Grace shook her head quickly.

"No Mistress Alther, Miss… er my roommate will settle in here quickly."

"I would hope so for both of you, Miss van Cortlandt, you know the rules and should explain them in detail to Miss von Nachtschwing," Doctor Alther said and suddenly a murmur went through the rows as the other students heard Summer's name. Summer herself groaned inwardly, but she knew that in a place like this it was probably only a matter of time before everyone knew what blood was flowing in her.

"Miss von Nachtschwing please come to my office immediately after class for detention," Doctor Alther explained and Summer nodded, "Don't worry, Miss van Cortlandt you don't have to come. This time. Have a nice day."

With these words, she patted Summer's head and walked to the end of the hall, where she sat down in the middle of the large table where the other teachers were already eating.

"How did you manage to get detention already?" Grace asked, pale as a sheet.

"I thought my things were stolen and I screamed," Summer explained briefly, biting into her toast and looking at Doctor Alther, who was chatting happily with another teacher. Both seemed to glance at Summer from time to time, which worried her.

"Great. Now you're already on her kicker. Please try to avoid punishments in future. Otherwise we'll both be punished. I …"

Summer couldn't help but notice the guilty look on her face and started to grin.

"But you do realize that you mustn't mess up, otherwise I'll be punished too."

Grace now looked at her in surprise, "Miss a year."

"Oh… um, you've got me pegged… it's just… I can't stand by and watch injustice. Now that you're assigned to me…I guess I really need to stop," Grace muttered, her hands balling into fists. Summer reached across the table and placed her hand on Grace's.

"If you think you can protect someone, do it. I'll be fine."

"But…"

"I can handle detention. Not my first time and it looks like it won't be my last," Summer said simply, biting into her toast. Grace was just about to say something back when the bell rang again and suddenly all the students stood up of their own accord and put their backs to the table. Each of them had their armbinder or other restraining device in their hand and held it in front of them. Summer looked around in confusion until Grace hissed at her, "Summer!"

Summer hastily stuffed her toast into her mouth, stood up and raised her armbinder in front of her like everyone else. Immediately, several stern-looking women about the same age as Doctor Alther walked down the rows and tied the armbinder on each student. Some were also gagged. Summer leaned forward slightly to watch the woman finishing her row. She was in the process of tying a chain between the legs of a girl in a pink uniform and securing it with more padlocks.

"That should teach you not to run, shouldn't it?" she asked and the girl nodded ruefully. The teacher had long brown hair and a face that was a little too friendly for her peculiar profession, Summer thought. Her long legs glided across the floor with an elegance that Summer was only used to from Tea when she practiced for her theater. Before the woman moved on to the next student, she noticed that she was being watched and turned her head. She looked straight into Summer's eyes, who immediately flinched back.

"Seriously?" the girl next to Summer whispered, rolling her eyes at her stupidity.

"What? I was just…" Summer began, but Grace interrupted her.

"Summer, come on!"

She immediately shut her mouth and stared straight ahead, scowling. The girls opposite her smiled shyly and Summer forced herself to smile too.

"So you're the new one?" the teacher asked when she finally reached Summer and took the armbinder from her hands.

"Um, yeah?" said Summer, turning around as she had seen the others do. The woman put Summer's arms around her back and pulled the armbinder over them.

"It must be fate that you catch my eye and have posture lessons with me in a minute," she explained, pulling loops over Summer's arms. Next, she placed the collar part of the armbinder around her neck and torso and zipped it up. She turned Summer back around and attached a large red bow and lock to the slide of the zipper, securing it.

"Yeah, um… I hear posture is super important," Summer muttered a little too sarcastically than she had intended, and all the students who could hear hissed in a breath.

"That's right… and I can already see that your posture is disastrous. You're probably on the computer a lot, aren't you? But don't worry, we'll correct all that," she said kindly, but with a wicked grin and Summer swallowed.

Me and my big mouth. Summer groaned inwardly and just smiled at her teacher, afraid of saying the wrong thing again.

"You really are impossible," Grace muttered as they walked to class, but she had a smirk on her lips. That was more than many of the other students had.

"What can I say? It just came over me," Summer said with a shrug, following Grace through the maze-like corridors of the school. At the same time, Summer had time to look around. Without exception, all of her classmates were in the same latex uniform, though separated by color, only their restraints occasionally differing. Summer saw a small group of girls struggling to keep up with them because of the chains between their legs. She wondered who was crazy enough to even run in those shoes and the armbinder.

"Tell me, did the girls really run?"

"Yes, at sports because they were cold," Grace mumbled dryly and gave them a pitying look, "Or rather at riding lessons…"

"Riding? You have horses here?" Summer asked in surprise until she saw the look on Grace's face, "Don't tell me… pony girl training?"

"If you can call it that?" asked Grace, uncertainly, nodding towards a window. Summer could see a sports field, cleared of snow, where some classmates were running around in pink uniforms. A teacher in a winter coat was instructing them with a long whip to lift their pony-booted legs as high as possible. Immediately Summer's interest was piqued and she licked her lips.

"And um, when do we…" she fell silent as Grace gave her a sour look.

"Summer, please at least pretend you don't love it," she moaned and walked through a door. Summer guiltily followed her in and she found herself in a brightly lit ballet studio. She stood rooted to the spot and looked down at her feet. Although she owned ballet shoes herself and loved the way Tea walked in them, she herself was not made to walk around in them.

Suddenly, someone grabbed Summer's shoulders and gently pushed her into the room.

"Stand by the mirror wall!" the teacher ordered and Summer nodded briefly and went to Grace. The teacher let her eyes wander briefly over her pupils and then closed the door. She walked into the middle of the room and a smile graced her lips.

"Good morning, my dears!"

"Good morning, Mistress Denar," replied the students and Summer, who entered hastily.

"I see we are almost all present and we have a new addition to our ranks, please give her a warm welcome."

Hardly any of the others said a word and Summer thought she heard a soft cough.

"Please line up and start the last exercise. Miss van Cortlandt, show the new girl the task," said the teacher and was about to go to her desk when the door banged loudly, "and there's the last one in the group."

Mistress Denar went back to the door and opened it. Summer could see that it was the girl in the pink uniform who had just been put in chains by Mistress Denar. There were tears in her eyes and she looked into the room for help.

"Miss Martel. How nice of you to be late for my lessons again! You stay after class for an extra lesson.

"B… but the chains, they were too short and I fell down, please Mistress Denar, it wasn't intentional!" the girl stuttered.

"Talk back? Then I guess we'll …",

"Didn't you hear what she said?" Grace asked loudly and Summer flinched as suddenly all eyes were on them both, "You made the chain too short and that's the only reason she could have hurt herself badly!"

Immediately all the students knew that Grace had gone too far and stared at Grace open-mouthed, even Mistress Denar.

"Miss van Cortlandt… detention, for you and your roommate," she said and let the girl enter as if she had forgotten that she had been late.

"Everyone in position, back straight!" barked Mistress Denar indignantly and everyone did as she said to avoid being caught in her crosshairs. Summer, meanwhile, looked up stunned at Grace, who looked remorseful, but Summer noticed that she had a smile at the corner of her mouth.

As the bell rang for lunch and their classmates hurried off to break, Summer and Grace stayed behind. Summer was already exhausted from standing and holding her posture all day and her back felt stiff. Mistress Denar had repeatedly pointed out how bad she was and every time she had to be corrected, Summer felt a small twinge in her honor.

"Like I'm walking around like a caveman," Summer muttered as Mistress Denar saw her classmates off.

"Well, your posture really isn't healthy," Grace whispered back.

"Are you my mother or what?" slipped out Summer and immediately Grace blushed and turned away.

"Sorry," Grace mumbled.

"I was only joking. Come down here, Grace," said Summer, looking at her teacher, who had just come back in.

"Posture!" Mistress Denar barked at Summer and she immediately stood bolt upright, "you two really are an excellent couple and will probably be with us for a long time to come!"

Hopefully not. Summer thought and watched as she went to her desk and took something made of latex and several books from a drawer. At the same time, she pressed a button and two ropes rose from the floor at several posts along the mirrored wall. The ropes were tied in knots at regular intervals.

"You two will now practice your posture until you manage to balance the books," Mistress Denar explained and pulled Summer and Grace to the beginning of the ropes. She helped them place it between their feet and they both immediately blushed as it pressed into their crotches.

"Mistress Denar is that really…"

"Summer!"

"It's all right, Miss van Cortlandt. I can understand that the first day raises a lot of questions. But, to answer your question, yes! This is necessary to make you decent ladies and it's not all yet. Open your mouths!" she ordered and took the latex she had retrieved from her desk. She put it around Summer's shoulders and over her mouth. A ball pressed into her mouth and Summer realized that it must be a neck corset with a gag. Mistress Denar closed the zipper and pulled on the strings. It pressed in evenly on Summer's face and neck and the inner metal hoops ensured that she could only look straight.

"And now, Miss van Cortlandt," Mistress Denar commented, tightening the same corset around Grace, who immediately scowled more than Summer when she noticed the gag.

"You may go to lunch if you can both manage to carry the books to the other side. If not, we'll do it again next week," Mistress Denar said, placing three books each on Summer's and Grace's heads.

"Let's go!" she said, looking at both students with encouragement.

Confident that she had at least learned something today, Summer put one foot forward and immediately all the books fell to the floor. Mistress Denar shook her head, bent down and picked up the books. She pushed Summer back to the start and placed the books on her head.

"Just as I thought. You weren't paying attention today, were you?" she asked and Summer wanted to shrug her shoulders, but she felt Grace's gaze on the back of her neck and let it go. The next thing she knew, Grace took a step and then another. Summer immediately started to admire her for getting the hang of it so quickly, but they had both forgotten about the knots in the rope. Grace's step slipped against the first knot and she winced in shock. The books flew in all directions as Grace turned deep red and Summers also fell to the floor again as she began to laugh.

"Very amusing indeed, Miss von Nachtschwing, but how about you show some progress yourself before you laugh at your classmates? Come on now, before I sign you both up for special classes."

Grace let out an anxious squeak. Summer immediately stopped laughing and looked at Grace's figure from behind. She had the impression that she was trembling.

"Once more to start, Miss van Cortlandt, please," Mistress Denar said and placed the books on Summer's head again.

Summer and Grace's faces were bright red when they both finally reached the other side of the classroom. Summer thought the rope had sawn into her crotch. The rough surface and constant back and forth was a completely new sensation for her and was nothing like crotchrope bondage. Together with her latex uniform and the bondage, she was permanently on the verge of exploding. Grace, meanwhile, had been struggling with similar feelings, even if she hated herself for it. While it wasn't enough for Summer to come, she had to work hard not to. In the end, they were both lying against the wall, breathing hard through their noses.

"So you both finally made it. Well, lunch will probably be over soon. You'll have to go to the next lesson for better or worse," Mistress Denar explained and helped them up. She secured both Grace and Summer's neck corsets with a padlock, "You can keep them on for now. Have a nice day, dears."

With these words, she pushed them out of her classroom and at the same moment the doorbell rang. Grace gave Summer a pitying look, as if to say, sorry. This time Summer shrugged her shoulders and stamped her foot. Grace understood immediately and directed Summer to the next classroom.

Grace and Summer were first and the teacher looked at them with amusement as they entered. If Summer didn't know she was a teacher here too, she would have thought she was finally at a normal school. She had shoulder-length red hair and her ice-blue eyes were hidden behind round glasses. Her clothes consisted of leggings and a black shirt.

"Someone's been up to mischief again, haven't they?" the teacher asked and Grace nodded barely perceptibly through the corset.

"Well, at least I can get you out of those things, can't I?" she asked, standing up from her desk and removing first Grace and then Summer's armbinder.

"My name is Lorelei and only Lorelei please. I'd like to welcome you to art class," the teacher said kindly to Summer, who was rubbing her arms after spending half the day in the armbinder. She nodded uncertainly, and glanced at Grace. She nodded too, so Lorelei seemed nice.

"You can sit down and get started," Lorelei said, pointing to several canvases with partially blank screens. Each of them was equipped with brushes and paints. Summer looked at them in amazement.

"Go on, let off steam," she said calmly and went to the classmates who were just arriving to free them too. Grace sat down at a canvas showing a pond bathed in moonlight and Summer sat down next to a blank space.

Can we just paint whatever we want now? Summer thought and picked up one of the brushes. She hadn't painted anything for a long time, even though she always wanted to. But her school and gaming kept getting in the way. Maybe this was the chance she needed to start painting again. She was just about to open one of the colors when a chime sounded through the speakers.

"Miss von Nachtschwing, please come to the principal's office. Miss von Nachtschwing, please!"

Summer's mood immediately soured and she put the paintbrush back with the others. She stood up and went to the door, where Lorelei looked at her in astonishment.

"I'm sorry, Miss Nightwing. Maybe next time," she said, actually looking disappointed that Summer had to leave. She tied the armbinder back on her and watched her walk back down the hall to the principal's office.

"Miss Nachtschwing, please close the door behind you," Doctor Alther said without looking up from her papers as Summer walked in. Summer raised an eyebrow, but she kicked the door shut with her heels and stood in the middle of the room. Only now did Doctor Alther look up. A grin immediately appeared on her face and she leaned back in her high-backed chair.

"Looks like someone got into trouble on the very first day of school. Which one of you two made Mistress Denar give you that?" she asked, pointing at the neck corset. Summer, however, didn't want to snitch on Grace and kept quiet.

"I bet it was Miss van Cortlandt. She still hasn't learned when to shut up. But let's come to you. Your outburst yesterday was out of place and that's why I'll burn into you, if necessary, what it means to be quiet. Your parents wrote that they are willing to accept any means to turn you into a lady and I will use any means if necessary. Come here," she ordered, pointing with her finger next to her desk. Summer approached and Doctor Alther removed her neck corset and the gag.

"Open your mouth!" Doctor Alther demanded and Summer hurriedly swallowed her saliva. She opened her mouth and without hesitation, the principal inserted a piece of chalk.

Seriously? Such a cliché? Summer thought. Doctor Alther motioned for her to follow her. They walked through reception and into an empty classroom. Summer was surprised that this room could actually be in a normal school. Desks and chairs stood in rows next to each other and a blank blackboard hung behind a teacher's desk.

"I want you to write all over the blackboard with the words: I am a disgrace to my family and deserve to be punished," she said with a smile that sent a shiver down the back of Summer's neck.

"Go on, get started. I'll be back later and you better be finished and I better not see even one spelling mistake! After that, you can go," she said and left the room without waiting for a reaction. Summer heard the door being locked and was alone. She scowled at the blackboard. It was wider than usual, so it was the same width as the room.

Let's get started then. Summer thought and went to it. Using a small footstool, she managed to get to the top corner and carefully put the chalk down. Summer drew the first line and wanted to change direction, but it threw her off balance. The heels of her shoes slipped over the edge of the stool and she fell down. Summer's eyes widened as gravity took hold of her and she wriggled against the arm binder, but it continued to restrain her. She fell to the ground unchecked and there was a loud rumble.

"Ow…" Summer mumbled and winced in pain. She had landed heavily on her shoulder, but at least she didn't seem to be injured.

"It doesn't work like that. If I do that for every word, I'll break my neck and I'm too slow anyway," Summer muttered and looked up at the blackboard. She was getting thirsty and her stomach was starting to feel hungry. She had to think of something before Doctor Alther came back.

"What if I …"

A wide grin formed on her mouth and she bit into the chalk to pick it up. Doctor Alther had forgotten something important.

Click, clack, click, clack

could be heard through the halls of the school as Doctor Alther walked from the basement back to the classroom. She had a satisfied smile on her lips and wanted to check on Summer now, as the dinner bell would be ringing soon. She unlocked the door and said, "So Miss von Nachtschwing, I hope you're done with…"

Doctor Alther's mouth dropped open. The classroom looked as if a bomb had gone off. The lectern and many of the desks and chairs had been pushed against the blackboard wall or were overturned on the floor. On the blackboard itself was written in large letters:

> I am a disgrace to my family and I deserv to be punished.

"What the…" Doctor Alther stuttered and looked around the room with a stunned face, "What have you done?"

Summer looked up and raised an eyebrow.

"I fell off once, so I found this solution to their task without breaking my neck," she explained and stood up swaying, "If you would be so kind as to free me. I'd like something to eat and drink now, please."

She went to the door, but Doctor Alther stopped her.

"Clean that up! Now!"

Summer took a deep breath and forced herself to remain reasonable and not tell the principal what she thought.

"You told me to label the board and that I could leave afterward. The board is labeled. Can I go now, please?"

"But the classroom!"

"I'll do it afterwards. I really have to…"

"Besides, there's a spelling mistake in there!"

Summer turned around.

"Oh… I must have missed it, sorry," Summer said and went to the blackboard. She picked up the chalk with her teeth and squeezed another teeny-tiny E into the huge sentence. Unnerved, Summer spat out the chalk and went back to Doctor Alther.

"Can I go now?" Summer asked again.

"Clean up here! We'll talk about it tomorrow!" hissed Doctor Alther and slammed the door behind him. Summer exhaled deeply. She turned to the chairs and desks, hoping her legs were enough to get the classroom ready again.

The bell rang for bedtime and Grace looked anxiously from her desk to the door. She was wearing her blue latex jumpsuit and writing on a few sheets of paper again. Grace was worried about Summer all the time and could hardly think straight. She hadn't seen Summer since art class. She got up from her chair and walked to the door, but halfway there the handle jiggled and the door opened with a bang. Summer stumbled in, still bound in her armbinder, and collapsed on the floor.

"Summer!" Grace said worriedly and rushed towards her. She immediately unlocked the armbinder and Summer moaned loudly as she regained control of her arms.

"Are you all right? You weren't at dinner and…" Grace said, unlacing Summer's shoes.

"Thirsty," Summer croaked from a dry throat as Grace helped her up and sat her on her bed.

" Right away," Grace mumbled and went into the bathroom, where she filled a cup with water. She handed it to Summer and she gulped the water down in one go. Grace kept refilling it until Summer raised her trembling hand.

"Thank you. You wouldn't happen to have any food here, would you?" asked Summer, but Grace shook her head, "Too bad."

Without another word, Summer curled up in her blanket and turned away.

"Summer…" Grace said softly and sat down on Summer's bed.

"Just let me sleep, please," Summer mumbled, pulling the covers over her head.

"At least let me get you changed. Otherwise you'll get in trouble." Grace said gently and noticed a slight nod from Summer. Grace carefully pulled the blanket off Summer and removed her uniform. She noticed that Summer had a large bruise on her shoulder and other smaller marks on her stomach, hips and legs.

"What happened?" Grace asked, shocked.

"I fell and a couple of the tables and chairs hit me when I picked them up," Summer whispered, exhausted.

"Oh, I'm sorry, Summer."

"Not too bad. My stomach's just…" she interrupted herself as her stomach growled like it was a rabid bear. There was silence for a moment and then they both started laughing out loud.

"Here are your pyjamas," Grace mumbled and handed it to Summer. She turned away from her so that she had some privacy. Summer squeezed her arms and legs into the latex jumpsuit and pulled up the zipper. She then rolled back into her blanket and looked at Grace, who was now looking at her nervously.

"Do you need anything else?" Grace asked, crossing her arms behind her back.

"I…" Summer began, but fell silent.

"Yes?"

"Is there a rule that says you can't… no, that's stupid. I'm sorry, it's okay," Summer said hastily and turned away from Grace again.

"Summer, what's on your mind?" Grace asked, walking up to Summer and sitting back down next to her. She stroked Summer's head. She sensed that something was bothering Summer much more than today. Summer turned to her and wiped tears from her eyes.

"Can you… can you hug me? Like you did yesterday? And maybe…"

Grace interrupted her and swept the blanket aside so they could both get under it. She wrapped Summer in her arms and held her close.

"I'll hold you all night if you want me to, rules or no rules," she whispered and Summer looked at her in surprise. Then her gaze softened and she snuggled into Grace's shoulder.

"Thank you… Grace …"

"You're welcome Summer."

"How are you so good at this?"

Grace squeezed Summer a little tighter and looked down at her. She searched for words and after a while she found them.

"There's someone else waiting at home that I miss very much… and you… remind me a little of her."
