---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Captured Escort 8
authors:
- Sophia Usher
tags:
- MF+-m
- D-s
- ts
- cd
- captive
- bond
- club
- stage
- bdsm
- susp
- torment
- punish
- hum
- forced
- oral
- climax
- denial
- reluct
- XX
---

(story continues from [**Captured Escort 7**](captured_escort7.html))_

_Part 8_

_I must have been chained to the floor sucking endless cocks for nearly 2 hours! All the time the people in the gallery watched, including my Mistress and Nina! Eventually the door unlocked and Bruno entered followed by a tall attractive blonde dressed in a very tight latex mini dress, around her waist was a belt with cuffs, a gag and a whip on it. She wore small metal collar and her dress had "Prefect" written in large white letters on the front. The girl pulled my head back and taking the ball gag from her belt quickly gagged me very tightly! My mouth was still full of cum and my chin dripped cold cum. Taking the cuffs from her belt she released my chained wrists only to cuff them tightly again behind my back. She released me from the floor and dragged me up by my arm._

_"Bring her!" Bruno ordered and the girl followed him out the door dragging me along with her._

_I was pulled along a corridor and up a flight of stairs and through a door. I was startled to see I was now on a stage in a club! All the tables were full. As I was dragged to the centre of the stage I could see girls dressed in rubber waitress uniforms serving drinks. Again they wore metal collars and across their apron were the words "Serving slave". Also other girls sat with some male's at the tables again latex clad but with "Slave" written on their dresses. On the floor on her knees was another girl, she was corseted and cuffed wrist and ankle. She had on a pair of latex backless hotpants and as she moved I saw the words "Cunt Whore" written on them. She was sucking a mans cock at the table while he chatted with another one of the "Slave" girls._

_"Attention Please! Attention!" Sergie spoke into a mic._

_The room went quiet as all looked over to him and me._

_"Tonight we have this slave to charge and sentence!" He called._

_My mind rushed, charge and sentence?? What did he mean. I was pushed to the edge of the stage by the Prefect slave so all could get a better look. I could see Mistress and Nina now in the audience._

_"This slave is charged on MANY counts! Firstly escaping her rightful owner and running away. Secondly the slave is charged with striking one her owners friends, stripping her and tying her up before stealing money from her bag! The slave is also charged with stealing clothing from her Owners shop and on numerous occasions being defiant. All these charges are not challenged and the slave IS guilty as charged!" Sergie announced._

_There was a talking in the audience and murmering._

_"Prefect are there any other charges against this slave?" Sergie asked._

_"Yes Master, the slave is charged with not sucking her quota of cocks today and on 2 counts of not deep throughting." She replied._

_I thought to myself how I could possibly have sucked my quota! I had only been here part the day. It wasn't fair._

_Again there was talking in the audience._

_"As you all know I rank all my slave girls! At the bottom are the "Pig" slaves, then the "Cunt Whore's" and next the "Fucksluts" followed by the "Slaves" and "Serving Slaves" and lastly my "Prefect" slaves." He announced._

_The Prefect slave took a tight hold of my hair and kicked my legs wide apart so my tiny stained skirt rode up showing my pathetically small thong._

_"Due to the severity of this slaves charges I cannot give her the normal position of a new slave of "Fuckslut" this one will after much deliberation with be a level 1 "Cunt Whore" just above the worst position of "Pig"._

_As Sergie said this he walked over to where I was with a knife. He quickly slashed my boob tube off exposing my tits and then my skirt. Next he put the knife to my thong and with one quick slash they were gone. Lastly my stocking went leaving me naked in front of everyone! Tears streamed down my face as the audience applauded and laughed. As I stood a "Serving slave" appeared with a tray. On it were 3 items, a steel collar with heavy padlock with a tag "Cunt Whore" on it. Also a latex heavy boned corset and a tiny pair of hotpants._

_Suddenly I cried out into my gag as I felt my balls being pushed up! Sergie held my legs apart as the Prefect pushed first one and then the other of my balls back into my body! So now it looked like I had no balls! Next came the hotpants, they were slid up my legs the cold latex making me moan as they past my thighs. They were backless like the other girls but this pair had a hole on the front which the Prefect used to pull my tiny chastised cock through! On the front was printed "Cunt Whore". Next came the corset, its cold latex quickly wrapped around my waist. It was quickly and efficiently tightened and tightened until I could hardly breath! I felt padlocks being locked at the back imprisoning me in it. Lastly came the collar! Its cold steel wrapped around my neck and the heavy padlock locking it on. On the front the tag "Cunt Whore"._

_The prefect pushed me to my knees and held my head down as Sergie spoke again._

_"This Cunt Whore has been given to us by it's owner for 7 days with a possible extra week if the she feels the Cunt Whore hasn't learnt her lesson. If after the 2 weeks it still hasn't learnt, her owner is willing to give the Cunt Whore to us to keep and use as we see fit."_

_Sergie now grabbed my hair and pulled my head up._

_"It isn't allowed to speak and will be gagged at ALL times even while servicing cocks. You all know the rules as to what you can do with "Cunt Whore" slaves so please feel free to enjoy this one!" He laughed._

_Sergie pulled me by my hair to my feet._

_"Prefect what are the punishments for not sucking her quota of cocks and not deep throating?"_

_The Prefect held out a piece of paper._

_"Master the punishments are 20 lashes of the cane to its ass and another 20 to its tits" the Prefect replied._

_There was a cheer from the audience._

_"Good secure it on the podium for immediate punishment!" He ordered._

_I was then dragged by the Prefect to the centre of the club and onto a large circular podium. My legs were bound to the base wide apart. Next my wrists were cuffed in front of me and attached to a chain hanging from the ceiling. They were then winched high into the air._

_"Commence the punishment!" Ordered Sergie._

_With that the Prefect took the cane off her belt and swung it through the air at the same time the podium began to turn. My god they really are going to give everyone a good view of me being beaten! The first blow came crashing down on my ass making me jolt and scream. The girl showed no mercy as she she struck me over and over on the ass making sure each cheek got an equal amount. My ass throbbed as the blows rained down tears rolled down my face and drool poured onto my breasts and onto the floor all the while the audience roared and clapped._

_After the last blow on my ass had landed I felt her stroke the cane across my breasts, i shook my head and looked at her pleadingly but all she did was smile. Again I watched as she swung the cane back but closed my eyes as it hurtled towards my defenceless breasts! The pain was horrible and my breasts shook from the impact. Again and again the blows rained down as I now screamed over and over until eventually she stopped. I hung there by my wrists moaning and crying but there was no mercy shown._

_"Take it back to its room and secure it for work!" Sergie ordered._

_The prefect lowered my arms and released my legs I felt so weak I couldn't walk so she grabbed me by my hair and made me crawl behind her like a dog through the audience, some slapping my ass on the way past. Back in my room she pulled me back to the wall where I was to suck cocks again! This time however some new equipment had been added. I stared in horror at the huge glissening dildo now sticking up from a a bar between where my ankles were to be manacled. Also on the wall hung chains with clamps on._

_Without a word she first manacled my ankles to the bar on the floor and then pushed me down onto the shiny dildo, down and down I went until she was happy I was impaled on the huge black ribbed dildo. Next my wrists were chained to the floor so I couldn't pull myself off the dildo. I noticed that my position was now right against the hole in the wall but she wasn't finished as she took the 2 chains attached to the wall and using the clamps attached each to my nipples! I cried out as my already tortured breasts really didn't need this! My ball gag was removed but quickly replaced by a metal spider gag holding my mouth wide open ready to use. With the new restraints and clamps my nose was now right against the wall so I had no excuse but to take all cocks full down!_

_The prefect then slapped both my ass cheeks and pulled on the chains attached to my nipples before putting her head to my ear._

_"You disgust me Cunt, i would give anything to be owned by a Mistress like yours and you pay her back by trying to escape and stealing! Mark my words Cunt, i will be making sure you suffer! If it were up to me you would have been designated as a "Pig". You got off easy but as i'm here to see to you, lets see if I can get you demoted!" The prefect whispered._

_Again she tugged on my nipple clamps._

_"Make sure you make you 80 cocks. You have 6 hours!"_

_With that she left locking the door, leaving me bound and impaled on a dildo unable to move. Then the first cock appeared through the hole and straight into my mouth, as I pulled back my head to bob up and down on it the clamps on my nipples pulled horribly._

_80 cocks!_

_](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=842.0)_

_08.08.13_

_story continues in [**Captured Escort 9**](captured_escort9.html)

o0o
