---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Love of Rubber
authors:
- Willy Jim
tags:
- F/m
- FM/m+
- mpov
- latex
- catsuit
- wrap
- mum
- heatshrink
- revenge
- breathplay
- hood
- cons
- nc
- XXX
date: 2025-11-29 00:00:00
---

#### Love of Life Part 5

Sherry and I slept in, trying to recover from our ordeal. When we finally woke, we realized that even though we were back at the house, we were not safe. Someone had tried to do us in, and they now knew we were alive and could do us harm. We had a choice to make. We could leave all this behind and head back to the States, or we could stay and take our chances. If we stay, we would have to prepare ourselves for another possible attempt on our lives. We chose the latter. After a much-needed breakfast, we sat down and started thinking about our strategy for defense. Sherry’s mind went into overdrive. The dominatrix in her quickly came into full display. I loved to see her in action. She hatched an evil plan in case anyone chose to make a move on us. We would need some supplies. Sherry made a list, and we went shopping.

Our first stop was at a company named Super Pack, where we arranged to buy a pallet-wrapping machine. This would be key to our plans. They had one in stock and offered to deliver it tomorrow. In the meantime, we had other supplies to get. We headed for the Tat Fat hardware store in Oranjestad. We needed duct tape and plastic construction bags for disposal. To round out our plans, we needed drugs that are used in date rapes, either flunitrazepam (Rohypnol) or gamma-hydroxybutyrate (GHB). These would be impossible to obtain here in Aruba, so I called Bobby to have him discreetly send us what we needed from the States. I also asked him to send two professional-grade tasers. Once we had everything, we would be ready for action.

It took a couple of days for us to make our final preparations. The pallet wrapper arrived, and we set it up. Normally, these wrappers use stretch film, but we chose to go with shrink-wrap. This required that we order the optional infrared heater attachment. “Now that it is operational, we have to try it out. Any volunteers?” Sherry cooed.

She obviously meant me, so I obliged. I put on a heavy rubber neck entry suit and full face hood. No sense going “half-baked,” I thought.

Sherry ceremoniously positioned me on the stand and began the wrapping process. She deliberately slowed down the process to prolong the procedure. She seemed to enjoy the whole exercise. “Remember this is all for science,” she said as the wrap began to wind the plastic layer after layer up my body, starting with my ankles.

By this time, the machine wrapping my leg had covered it up to just above her knee. The machine went into a second pass from my ankles up. The second pass passed and continued higher. I blinked as I realized that I was being used as a guinea pig to test the wrapper. We had no idea the possible ramifications of this quickly went through my mind, causing me to begin to worry. It could work as intended, or it could be unbearable at some point. Alternatively, whatever we were using could react badly and cause any number of horrible outcomes, from permanent disfigurement to loss of her limbs, or even death. By this point, it had completed wrapping my legs all the way up to her hip with at least two layers of shrink film. I raised my head and looked down along my body to see it nearly completely covered in shiny layers of plastic. This was the tightest I have ever been wrapped in my life, but I managed to keep silent.

“Now, if this works as intended, the binding process will take place over the next eight to ten hours or so.”

“What?” I said, “Eight to ten hours? How many layers are you planning to put on me?”

”I haven’t decided just yet. I have no idea if it will be too tight for you. We will have to see. I will probably have to wait to find out how you feel.”

“But then how will you know if it is too tight on me?”

“I guess you will have to tell me.” With that, she raised the bottom of my hood and shoved a gag in my mouth.

By now my whole body was wrapped completely in several layers of shrink-wrap. Only my head was free of the wrap. I felt like I was being crushed in all this plastic. I could not move a muscle. I tried to explain how tight the wrap was, but since she gagged me, I doubt she was interested at this point.

“Now let’s try the heat lamp and see if we can shrink you down a bit.”

“Heat lamp!” I muffled and began to mutely protest. It was then that I began to feel the heat through all my layers. Not only was it getting hot, it was getting even tighter. I didn’t think it could get any tighter. This was torturous.

I heard Sherry say, “I’ll be back, Babe. Gotta run out for something.” Then I heard the door close. I began to panic. I was left alone, being slowly crushed and roasted at the same time. I tried to struggle, hoping I could somehow stop the torment. Nothing I did helped, or even lessened my misery. Then, suddenly, the rotation of the pallet wrapper stopped, and I was being moved off the platform. I was completely rigid in my plastic cocoon. The heat seemed to fuse the layers together. I was finally laid down on a bed. I was still feeling the heat from the lights, as it would probably take some time for it to wick off. The tightness never eased. I was still crushed beyond belief.

It was then I heard Sherry’s voice. “Well, what do you think? Will this suffice as payback to those who tried to kill us?” There was a devil in her voice. I grunted as loud as I could, hoping that she would free me. Next, I felt the plastic start to loosen near my ankles, then my calves, knees, hips, and finally my waist and chest. I was finally free of my bonds, thankful that it did not last longer than it did. Any longer, and I would have definitely blacked out. It took me over an hour to find the strength to move. Every bone in my body ached. I just lay there, even though my rubber suit was filled with sweat. Finally, I removed my hood and gag. “How was it?” she asked.

I weakly smiled at her and said, “Very effective. I think with a few adjustments, we will have an executable payback for those who tried to kill us.”

A whole week went by, and we were beginning to think that all this anxiety over retaliation was unfounded. I even felt a little embarrassed thinking of all the things we bought, thinking that someone would come after us. Then one night I heard a noise. I quietly woke up Sherry and whispered, “Show time.” We had preloaded several syringes with enough Rohypnol to knock out a horse. We readied our tasers.

We did not have to wait long before we heard movement in the house. We each took up places where we could hope to quickly tase each of them and inject the Rohypno to knock them out. It turned out that there were three of them. We allowed them to separate, each searching a section of the house. Then the opportunity arose and I tased the first one of the intruders and injected him. Suddenly, Sherry got the second, leaving me to get the third one. He was lured by the other cries, so I had to work fast. As he entered the room, he saw his partners on the floor, passed out. I quickly tased him and popped the needle in his back to knock him out. With all three unconscious, we quickly went on to the second part of our plan.

We duct taped the three intruders, then searched them for the phone and IDs. We used their fingerprints to open their phone, which we planned to dump later. We then dragged them into the bedroom and took them down to the shorts. We hosted up the first of the three onto the platform and immediately began to wrap him. Sherry did not hesitate this time. She ran the wrapper at full speed. Within a few minutes, he was fully wrapped from head to toe. She then started again with a second layer, then a third, then a fourth. With each layer, she ran the heat lamps, ensuring that the plastic was stretched as tight as possible. When she was done, we removed the first victim and began the same routine with the second, followed by the third. With our captives' safety immobilized, we proceeded to search their phones. We had hoped to find out more about the origins of this whole conspiracy to do us in.

We dug into their phone calls and texts. We were working for more than an hour when we heard muffled grunts coming from our bedroom. “Seems our guests are awake,” I said with a wink. Yes, they were lying there stiff as a board. The plastic had cooled, and the heat had fused all the layers together so they looked like they were cast in plastic. They were grunting and screaming at the same time. The pain of the tight plastic must have been excruciating. “You guys comfy?” I asked. “Looks like you are getting some of the same treatment you gave us, except this time there is no escape for you.” They continued to try to scream through their gags this time even louder. “We have plans for you. First, let's have a contest.”

Sherry produced three clear plastic bags. She stuffed each of their heads in a bag, then wrapped duct tape around their throats to seal them in. “One of you might have a chance to survive. The one who lasts the longest without passing out may have a chance to be let loose. We have juicy plans for the other two, so begin. Tut tut tut, no screaming now that just wasted your air.”

Only a couple of seconds passed when the boys tried hard to breathe. With a frantic breath in the transparent bag tightened to their faces, and sucked into their mouths. Two of the guys did not heed my warning and continued to trash around and scream. The third tried hard to breathe as calmly as he could, despite the agonizingly tight cocoon he now found himself in. Their chests expanded elegantly, causing their ribs to press against the thick plastic, making them slightly visible. He stopped trying to inhale for a couple of seconds and looked at us with worry, hoping we would relent and take off the bag. Knowing that he needed to breathe and with burning lungs, Sherry covered his mouth with her dainty latex-covered hand.

“No, sweetie, we can’t take it off just yet. You’re looking really beautiful right now, just the way we want you.” Two of the boys began to close their eyes as they tried their best to breathe again, showing signs of discomfort. It wasn't long until they tried to breathe even harder. Their bodies jolted as they gasped hopelessly on the thin, plastic film that denied them air. Shaking their heads, they tried to hop up and down on the spot, desperately needing to breathe.

Their faces grimaced as breathing gradually slowed, indicating that they were in the final stages of suffocation. Sherry counted down from 10. By now, they were choking on the plastic that sucked into their open mouths. Sherry watched on with a sexual hunger, counting down slowly to tease them. As she reached 1, she punched a small hole in the plastic bag. They gasped loudly as they were able to finally breathe again. To them, it felt like ages. “Hmm, you did well not to take it off, sweeties, but you didn’t pass out. I don’t think you could have kept it on much longer without suffocating. Don't worry, we have more plans for you,” Sherry observed. She put her hand on their upper chest. They tried to catch their breath through the tiny hole in the bags. “Yeah, I think you may have to leave the bag on a little longer next time.”Our attention turned to the third guy. He was about to suffer the same fate as his friends, but it took a little longer. Unfortunately, he was about to receive disappointing news. Despite his attempts to win the three-way battle, he was about to learn that he, too, was about to lose big.

Next, we loaded the three lads into the Jeep that we escaped in. We deliberately left the plastic bags on their heads. They could breathe through the tiny holes, but just barely. We head for the East side of the island. I drove their jeep, and Sherry followed in ours. Our destination was the exact place these guys left us to die. After all, turnabout is fair play. We unloaded the plastic-entombed victims and placed them on the same tables they had left us. It was still dark and somewhat cool, but that would soon change as the sun was beginning to peek out over the horizon. “Good news, fellas. The weather forecast calls for sunny skies with a high near 90°F (32°C) with winds E at 10 to 20 mph. You should be nice and warm in your cocoons. Easy now with your breathing. Those tiny holes will only support so much air.”

“Now here's the deal. We are going to leave you here just like you left us. We have dumped your phones and have all your contacts, as well as all the evidence we need to put you guys away for good. If you manage to escape, best not pursue us. Goodbye boys. Sleep tight. Oh, and remember to breathe easy.”

I secretly installed a wifi camera to keep tabs on them. Then I wiped down their Jeep for fingerprints, and we left, leaving their Jeep.

Sherry and I headed back to the house. Before we arrived, we drove through the neighborhood looking for the intruder’s car. We found it two blocks from our house. We had the keys, so we searched the car for anything important. We found a laptop. We took it, then Sherry followed me as I took their car to the car park and left it there. Once home, we opened the computer and found out everything we needed to know about the attempt on our lives, including the person behind it. It seems that Sandy has a mega-rich client who worships her. He did not take kindly to the Dark Willy treatment of her and chose to take it out on us. Little does he know that we have knowledge of him and his intentions and that his fate, as well as the boys in the desert, are now in our hands. Time to plan our next move.
