---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Undercover 3
authors:
- Lobo De la Sombra
tags:
- Solo-M
- transform
- M2f
- undercover
- apartment
- F+/f
- new-life
- lesb
- naked
- tease
- kiss
- oral
- group
- sex
- cons
- X
date: 2018-08-11 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Undercover 2**](undercover2.html))

**Part Three**

Joey woke feeling more rested and refreshed than he could remember ever feeling before. For a moment, he simply basked in the warmth from the body pressed against his. Then, with one hand, he reached up and softly squeezed one firm breast, his touch drawing a soft murmur from the head on the pillow in front of him.

"Morning," he said softly.

"Morning?" Raising her head, Esmerelda turned and looked back over her shoulder. "Impossible," she whispered. "I saw the sun coming up before we fell asleep."

"Does it matter what time it is?"

Esmerelda shook her head slowly. "You know," she said slowly, "that was unfair and mean of you. I just want you to know that."

"What was?"

"I," Esmerelda explained, "was supposed to seduce you, not the other way around."

Joey grinned. "If you feel that strongly about it," he teased, "give it back."

Esmerelda twisted from their spoon position, turning to face Joey. "Actually," she said, one hand slipping between his thighs, "I thought I did. Several times, in fact."

Joey moaned softly. Last night, under Esmerelda's attentions, he'd experienced his first female orgasm. And his first female multiple orgasm. Now he shivered slightly, unsure if it were the memory of what he'd experienced that sent this rush of warmth through him, or Esmerelda's hand between his thighs.

"I must say," Esmerelda told him, "you don't act like someone who's never done this before. You definitely know how to make a woman happy."

Joey shrugged. "I know what I like," he said simply.

"And that is?"

He kissed her softly. "Anything you do to me," he replied.

"Not just me, I hope," Esmerelda said, smiling. "Much as I'd love to keep you to myself, you know the others will want their chance at you."

"I know. And after last night, I'm sure they'll get their chance."

Smiling, Esmerelda raised her head, looking past Joey. "Oh, hell," she said. "Is that the time? I have something I really need to do. But I don't want to get up, so I guess it will have to be you."

"That's right," Joey teased, "make me the monster." Slowly, he pulled away, then rose to his feet. "I'll head back to my place," he said, moving toward the door. "See you later."

"Um," Esmerelda replied, "what about your clothes?"

"Who needs clothes?" Joey grinned. "Besides, the shorts have a huge stain on them."

"Which means they need washed."

"Exactly," he agreed. "You put it there, you wash it out."

"Monster."

Laughing, Joey slipped out of the apartment and down the hall, entering the elevator to find Felicity looking at him.

"No clothes," she remarked. "I'd say Esmer finally got her way."

"She did," Joey replied with a smile. Leaning forward, he kissed Felicity softly. "We did the lesbian thing, and I loved it. So who knows? Maybe it will be you next."

Felicity smiled. "I'd like that," she said, "but right now, I have something I really need to do."

"That's what Esmer said."

Felicity nodded. "Actually," she replied, "we're going to do it together." She laughed. "And no, it's not that. But I am glad the two of you were together last night. Esmer is always in a better mood the day after."

"Then I'll see you later," Joey said, slipping from the elevator and walking down the hall to his own door. Inside, he simply stood for a moment. Then, shaking his head, he moved into the bedroom.

"Felicity and Esmerelda," he said softly, "with something they really need to do. This could give me the first part of what I need to finish this job."

Moving quickly, Joey dressed in the same shorts and top he'd worn that first day, slipping his feet into a pair of sandals. Snatching up his purse, he rushed into the elevator, exiting the building just in time to see Felicity's car pulling from the drive. Inside, there were four heads visible, meaning all of the women were going to whatever this was. Nodding, Joey climbed into his own car and followed.

As he drove, Joey found himself hoping none of the others knew his car well enough to recognize it. If they did, this whole exercise would be wasted. Worse, they'd know he was watching them. It could blow this whole job.

He shook his head. Job? What kind of job was this, anyway? Saving his own skin, which he didn't even have at the moment, by sending four smart, friendly, beautiful women to prison? He pictured Esmerelda as she'd looked before, lying beside him. He felt her warmth, and for a moment, the car seemed filled with the scent of her musk.

"I can't," he whispered. "Not this way." Frowning, he turned his car away. I'll just have to find another way, he told himself. For now, he thought, I need a reason to have been out. Then, as a thought flashed into his head, he smiled.

\*\*\*

"You in here, Jo-Jo?"

Joey looked up from the table. "Hey, Rena," he called out. "Don't come back here, ok?"

"Why? What are you doing back there?"

Moving quickly, Joey slipped into the living room. "It's a surprise," he said. "Where are the others?"

Serena shrugged. "Fel and Beth are probably at their own places," she said.

"And Esmer," Joey stated with a grin, "had clothes to take off."

Serena returned the grin. "You're getting to know us," she said. "So what's the surprise?"

"No way," Joey retorted. "It's for all of you."

"So what's to keep me from sneaking back and peeking?"

Joey looked at Serena. With her short, petite form and almond eyes, she still reminded him of an oriental doll. Stepping forward, he wrapped his arms around her. "I guess," he said, kissing her softly, "I'll just have to keep you occupied with other things."

\*\*\*

"Ok, now we're jealous."

Glancing up from where he lay curled on his bed with Serena, Joey smiled. "Oh? And why is that?"

"First Esmer, now Rena." Felicity glanced at Bethany. "What about us?"

"You are both," Joey informed her, "more than welcome to join us."

"No, they're not." As three sets of eyes stared at her, Serena grinned. "I want to see our surprise."

"Surprise?"

Laughing, Joey rose from the bed. "Ok, Rena, surprise it is. Just give me a minute to finish getting it ready. And could one of you grab Esmer?"

Minutes later, he called out from the kitchen. "Ok, girls, come on in."

As the others joined him, Joey smiled. Serena hadn't bothered to dress, and Esmerelda, as usual, was naked. The other two, he saw, had also removed their clothing.

"Oh my God," Bethany gasped looking at the table. "Where did all this food come from?"

Joey grinned. "After you all left," he replied, "I ran to the store. I didn't know how long you'd be gone, but I thought you might be hungry when you got back."

"And you fixed all of this?" Felicity shook her head slowly. "All by yourself?"

Joey nodded. "I like to cook," he said. "Always have. And who better to cook for? All of you have been so nice to me since I moved in, it's the least I could do."

Moving to the table, Bethany picked up a piece of food, slipping it into her mouth. "Oh, hell," she whispered, "you have got to taste this. It's fantastic."

"Help yourselves," Joey smiled. "I'll get the wine."

Later, sprawled on one of the chairs in the living room, Serena looked at Joey. "I hope you know," she said, "just how much I hate you right now."

Joey's eyes widened. "Hate me?"

"Do you have any idea," Serena replied, patting her stomach, "just how much I'm going to have to exercise to get rid of all those calories you just forced into me?"

"Nobody forced you to eat," Joey pointed out, "but if you feel that strongly about it, I swear never to fix food for you again."

"What?" Rising from where she'd been sprawled on the floor, Bethany dropped on top of Joey, pinning him down on the couch. "Take that back right now," she demanded.

"Make me."

"Oh," Bethany growled, "you are so asking for it."

"Actually," Joey replied, slipping a hand between them and drawing a quick gasp from Bethany, "I am."

Laughing, Esmerelda stood and drew Felicity to her feet, wrapping her arms around the slender blonde. "Party time!"

\*\*\*

Opening his eyes, Joey stared up at the ceiling. Somehow, they had all made their way to his bed. Now, surrounded and partly buried by soft, warm flesh, he shivered slightly at the memory of what had happened.

"Would someone," came Esmerelda's voice, "kindly remove their knee from my stomach? And why do I always wind up on the bottom?"

Slowly, the five untangled themselves. Joey found himself stretched sideways on the bed, Felicity on one side and Serena on the other.

"That was..." Joey paused, unsure there were actually words to describe what he'd just experienced. Raising her head from where it lay on Serena's far shoulder, Bethany smiled.

"Yes," she said softly, "it was."

Rolling over, Felicity rose to straddle Joey. Reaching down, she softly squeezed his breasts. "It most certainly was," she agreed. "And now that the ice is most definitely broken, we'd like to ask you something." On either side, the others rose to their knees.

"Anything," he said.

Felicity smiled. "In that case," she said, "would you mind telling us exactly how long you planned to spy on us?"

*to be continued...*
