---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Surplus Rubber Slave
authors:
- Gnjal
tags:
- Solo-F
- M-f
- capture
- latex
- catsuit
- gasmask
- bond
- electro
- display
- tease
- enslave
- climax
- cons-nc
- X
date: 2013-09-04 00:00:00
---

The surplus store had the standard red white and blue painted
sign out
front, "Army Surplus, Buy/Sell/Trade". Amy had come
looking for another
M17 gasmask when her old one, a gift from a past rubber master,
had been
stolen out of the back of her car. Wearing a black spandex unitard
and
white vinyl skirt outlining her curvaceous ass, with a heavy
leather
belt cinching her waist, and black high heeled granny boots finishing
her outfit, she appeared to be a normal twenty-something ready
to go
clubbing.

Scissoring her legs with nervous expectation,
hoping that this
store would have the mask that held so many strong rubber memories
for
her, she knew that there was much more to her than the glossy
exterior
seen by most men and women. Amy was a secret slave to latex
bondage. Even now, her pussy was moistening inside the tight
black rubber
panties she wore under the spandex unitard.

She sighed, and moved forward, pushing open the door with
the sound of
metal jangling. Chains hooked around the door handle swung noisily
as
she let the door swing shut behind her. Looking around Amy saw
the
obligatory flak jackets, ammo boxes, and army knife display that
every
surplus store seemed to sport.

Glancing around she saw a buzz-cut brown head behind a huge
pile of
camouflage gear, "Look around, ask if you don't see what
you want..."
The head bobbed up and down as the clerk straightened and pulled
at the
gear on the table.

Moving deeper into the store, her glance immediately found
what she was
most interested in, the HAZMAT gear display. Pushing between
the bright
orange nylon quilted pilot jackets on racks to either side of
her, she
moved in on the dull black and shining glass of the gasmasks
laying on
the display table and strapped onto various mannequins posed
around it.

Her nipples hardened, as she saw several M17 masks, black
rubber dusted
lightly with talc, presenting stark alien faces with the glint
of their
empty eyes hypnotizing her. She flashed back to the numerous
times she
had been bound, strapped into rubber, lubed, pussy and ass filled
with
buzzing dildos, air hissing in and out of the ports of the M17
gasmask
strapped tightly around her head. Cunt and ass convulsing as
she
climaxed into the latex binding her, mask clamping to her face
as she
surrendered to the rubber.

She refocused, looking for a price tag on the nearest mask,
knowing that
whatever it said, she had to have one. She started, dropping
the tag as
a baritone voice spoke at her elbow.

"We always carry an excellent selection of breathing
gear, The M17 is a
good reliable model, heavy rubber inner face flanges, good face
seal,
and very durable. The straps tighten for a snug comfortable fit,
so you
can use this baby for hours at a time..."

Turning Amy saw the owner of the brown buzz-cut. About 6 foot,
with
green eyes, a green cotton tee tight over his chest, the clerk
smiled
and waited for her answer.

Taking a deep breath she tried to come up from black slick
hole the
rubber was pulling her into, "I'm looking for a mask to
replace one that
was stolen, it was an M17 too." She smiled nervously at
him.

"Stolen? That's too bad. But, these should do a good
job in its place.
We've actually got some specially modified versions for sale
also, do
you want to see them?" The clerk glanced down at her breasts,
and she
was reddened realizing how obvious her rubber hardened nipples
must be
though the black spandex.

"Modified? Yes, I'd like to see them, where are they?"
She turned from
the clerk, hoping to hide the betraying nipples

"We keep them in the back, we just don't have enough
floor space for
everything out here... Follow me." The clerk pushed between
the
outreached nylon arms of the racks of jackets and moved towards
the back
of the store.

Hurrying to catch up, Amy let out a little gasp as the slick
nylon of
the jacket arms slid against her sensitive nipples. The clerk
motioned
her through a dark doorway. "They're down the stairs at
the end of the
hallway, go ahead, you can't miss it."

She moved down the hallway, high heeled boots tapping, and
walked down a
dimly lit set of stairs at the end. Reaching the bottom, she
saw several
mannequins under the glare of a bank of track lights.

Each was wearing a heavy rubber gas mask, and also other gear.
Walking
up to them, Amy's breath quickened. Each mannequin stood supported
by a
steel frame, with metal cuffs holding onto its wrists, ankles,
neck, and
waist. They were also completely covered in black latex. She
stepped
closer, nipples starkly poking out from her unitard as she stared
at the
rubber figures. Each was outfitted with a full latex catsuit,
feet
concealed by heavy latex surf booties, hands emerging from metal
cuffs
contained in finger-less, heavy rubber mittens. Some were
slightly
reclined; fake crotches bulging with cunningly placed vibrators,
pushing
against the slick black rubber.

Her gaze swung up to take in the amazing gasmasks strapped
tightly
around each mannequin's head. All modified from what looked like
M17
masks, they had tubing running from the intake ports, over the
back of
the racks to convincingly real oxygen tanks. Also, every gasmask's
eyeports had been painted black on the inside. Each mannequin
also had
sizable rubber covered breasts ending in shining chrome metal
caps with
connecting wires.

Listening intently, she even heard the whistling of air through
the
hoses of the display.

"This is so realistic!" She thought to herself.
Peering around the
closest mannequin, she noticed that wires ran from what looked
like a
PEZ electrical box to a spot under where the mannequin's pussy
and
asshole would have met under the rubber of the catsuit and up
to the
nipple caps in front.

Unable to resist, she stretched out a hand and touched the
taut rubber
crotch of one of the mannequins. A moan sounded from the gas
mask, and
the mannequin's black slick rubber body moved under her hand.

"What!?" she jerked her hand back. Her mouth opened
in amazement as she
heard a click, and a hum began to come from the electrical box.
Each of
the "mannequins" began to jerk against the metal cuffs
holding them to
the racks, black rubber of the catsuits shining in the hard light
of the
display, heavy mittened hands twisting under the restraint of
the wrist
manacles, masked heads nodding and pulling side to side, metal
capped
breasts heaving, as the sounds of air whistling though the attached
hoses backgrounded it all.

She backed up, and bumped into the clerk who had stolen up
behind her.

"How do you like it? We deal in all types of surplus,
rubber slaves
included of course." Grinning he spun her against the wall
and quickly
bound her wrists with a pair of cuffs. "We actually just
sold one of our
display items, and I think you'll make a fine replacement!"

--------

An hour had passed; she had been summarily stripped, lubed and
forced to
put on a heavy rubber suit just like the other slaves on display.
The
suit had slithered on to her, squishing the lube between her
pussy lips
and ass cheeks.
Zipped tightly behind her back up to her neck, wires trailed
from the
suit from where they entered it to control the vibrator in her
pussy and
the butt plug jammed in her ass. Her hands were useless in the
heavy
rubber mittens, feet forced into the tight rubber feet of the
suit also
protesting. Her toes strained against the tight slick cling
of the
rubber.

She was strapped into the same type of rack as the others.
Wrists,
ankles, waist and neck wrapped in rubber, pinioned by steel.
Her head
was covered with the open hood of the suit, white face shining
sweat-slicked from the surrounding rubber.

"Yes, I think you're going to be one of our more popular
display models"
The clerk stepped into the light. He was now wearing tight rubber
pants,
with a heavy rubber codpiece not quite concealing his thick,
stiff cock,
black latex t-shirt showing off the muscles in his arms and torso.
His
heavy black riding boots finished the look.

"Don't worry, judging by your reaction to our 'tame'
display out front,
you'll enjoy being a surplus rubber slave, not that you've really
got a
choice though..." laughing the clerk picked up a heavy rubber
hood

"I want you to open wide now, we wouldn't want this hood's
gag and
air-hole to be blocked would we," Hooking the heavy rubber
over her
forehead, the clerk pulled it down, forcing a heavy rubber ball
gag into
her mouth, and smoothing the rubber of the hood, until only her
panicked
eyes were showing.

The clerk grinned and reached down to knead his new "mannequin's"
clit
through the rubber of the suit, feeling its stiffening bud above
the
vibrator which had slid so effortlessly into her wet pussy.

"I really do like surplus work!" Reaching behind
him he picked up one of
the modified M17 masks, "Have a good time!" The mask
was pulled over her
head, and she was plunged into the artificial darkness caused
by the
blacked out lenses of the mask. The clerk pulled the straps tightly
around her head, pressing the heavy seal of the mask against
her nose
and face.

Her breath whistled through the ports with a gasp as she felt
the clerk
push aside the latex bonded metal caps covering her nipples and
pinched
each of them cruelly. Smiling, the clerk gave Amy's rubber
covered
breasts a squeeze also. Repositioning the chrome nipple
caps, he then
leaned down and plugged the leads trailing from his newest display
piece
into the master electrical box.

As the vibrator and butt-plug came to shuddering life deep
in her pussy
and ass, and the first electrical jolt shocked her nipples to
even
greater sensitivity, Amy gasped into the rubber of the mask,
and bit
down on the rubber gag filling her mouth. She was blinded,
bound in
rubber, nipples hard, latex covered breasts heaving, arms jerking
against her bonds, pussy sliding around its lubed intruder, ass
clenching under the butt plug's mad gyrations. Amy
was a latex slave
once again.

The clerk stood back and watched the twitching, restrained
contortions
of his newest surplus rubber slave, sightless masked head swaying
and
rubber wrapped hips writhing with the intensity of the sensations
the
rubber and electricity were evoking.

The surplus business was definitely looking up.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=1073.0)

10.02.97/posted plaza
