---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: My First Time Tied
authors:
- Mike Thomas
tags:
- MM-m
- bondage
- cd
- nc
- X
date: 2004-09-12 00:00:00
---

**My First Time
Tied**
by Mike Thomas
My First Time Tied by Mike Thomas

This is the true accounting of the very first time I was tied up. First,
some background leading up to the incident.  The summer of '68 
was one of those hot, humid ones that everyone hates.  The kind where
the temperature & the humidity race each other to see which can get
higher.  I'm  a 16 year old male, with a secret I couldn't tell
anyone. I LOVED to wear women's underwear.  Especially Panties &
Slips (half or Full).  The feel of the nylon against my skin just
sent me into heaven. I was able to hide this fairly well, occasionally
wearing panties to school & sleeping in slips.
 
My parents decided to go on a driving vacation to Virginia & Florida,
taking my younger brother with them.  I elected to stay.... mainly
because I could wear my "special" clothes all day long.  They left
on Sat & the trouble began on Tuesday night.
 
It was sweltering that night, but I still wore my favorite panty &
slip. Sometime during the night I was awakened by a noise. (I figure it
was around 2/3 am) I wasn't sure I had actually heard anything since I
was partially asleep, so I laid there listening for it again. I didn't
hear anything so I figured it must have come from outside (maybe a car
door or something). Since I had to pee anyway I got up to go to the bathroom.
I leave my room &  turn towards the bathroom, I take a few steps
when I'm shoved up against a wall from behind.
 
Two males had a hold of me & were telling to to be quiet (at least
I think they were - I was so scared I pretty much blanked out anything
they said - I'm sure they made comments about my garb - who wouldn't?)
They said I wouldn't be hurt & to come with them.
 
(from this point on I'll refer to them as #1 & #2)
 
#1 held my arms tightly while #2 tied one of my mothers scarves into
my mouth so tight that the corners of my mouth hurt. They then each took
one arm & led me down the stairs to the first floor.  I pleaded
with them not to hurt me & I guess I got a little too loud because
#1 punched me in the stomach. Not too hard but enough to knock the wind
out of me. I didn't resist much after that.
 
They took me down into the cellar. The main cellar light was on. That's
when I realized how they got in.  I hadn't closed the cellar windows
(I forgot all week long).  One window is above the stairs & the
other is on the opposite side, on the neighbors driveway.  I quickly
looked at that window & that's when I decided it wouldn't be so bad. 
As long as these guys didn't hurt me I'd be ok.  (My neighbor parks
his car at the window & he leaves for work early. I'll just wait for
him then yell up & he'll rescue me.)
 
In the few seconds these thoughts went through my head, the burglars
took me to the middle of the cellar where a kitchen chair was all ready
for me.  They sat me down & proceeded to tie me up.  Or,
should I say tape me up since that's what they used.  #1 taped my
legs to the chair legs & #2 taped my wrist together behind the chair. 
#2 then taped my body & arms to the chair back & # 1 did the same
to my thighs.  As they were doing this # 2 was asking me where the
money & any valuables were. I told me (as best I could gagged) that
there's only a few hundred $$ in the house & where they would find
them.  I'd have told them anything they wanted to hear.
 
When they were finished taping me up they use another scarf to blindfold
me. I don't know why since they were wearing stocking masks.  I heard
them speaking to each other softly.  Then # 2 leans in from behind
me & says "You've been very helpful. Now there's one more thing I need
you to do".  I was about to ask what he wanted but all I got out was
"What". As soon as my mouth opened he started cramming a large piece of
cloth into my mouth. The cleave gag prevented it from going in to far but
it did make my mouth open quite a bit. (causing more pain to the corners)
When it was in as far as it would go #1 slapped a piece of tape over it.
Then # 2 started wrapping more tape around my head.
 
I then heard one of them go & close the 2 windows. My heart sunk.
Freedom escaped me.  #2 went upstairs & #1 pinched me hard. #2
then came back & said that he could hardly hear anything. They then
left me & went upstairs (after turning out the lights).
 
I immediately started working to get loose but I couldn't get any leverage
to fight the tape.  I thought I'd try to loosen the gag by pushing
on the wadding against the tape.  it was then I made a discovery. 
My tongue came upon something I recognized & when I did I almost retched. 
It touched elastic, the elastic I'd come to love so well.  That means
I was gagged with panties.  Not only that, but they had to be from
the dirty laundry basket not more than 8 feet from me. (I was supposed
to do the laundry Sun but I didn't feel like it) This meant they were my
Mothers dirty panties!!  I couldn't believe it. Knowing my mother,
I knew they were very dirty. It took all I could muster not to vomit.
 
After a while the guys came down to check up on me & told me they
were leaving.  I continued to fight the tape but to no avail. Finally
I decided to just wait it out.  After what seemed an eon I heard my
neighbor leave his house. I screamed into my gag as hard as I could. But
he didn't hear me.  My last hope drove off & left me.  Now
I was really scared, how the hell was I going to get free??  I had
mental pictures of myself dying down there from dehydration or something. 
It was hot as hell & I was sweating like a pig. The gag naturally made
me thirsty & I had wet myself twice already  I was running out
of liquids.
 
The worse part was not being able to see anything.  During the
course of the day people were within feet of meet & didn't hear me
yelling. The wife of my neighbor came out several times & the paperboy
& mailman dropped by. it was very frustrating.  My only hope would
be if a neighbor came over to check on me & if the door wasn't locked
(it was).
 
I blacked out several times, from the heat probably.  Man, you'd
think with all  the sweating I did it would loosen the tape somewhere. 
They used good quality duct tape.
 
Finally, something dawned on me.  There used to be an old knife
down here.  It came with the house & is never used (as far as
I know) but it should be here.  I believe it is on the shelving by
the stairs. Unfortunately, the chair had moved a bit during my struggles
& I'm not sure which way I facing.  I start moving the chair backwards
a little at a time, I could only move maybe 2 inches at a try. I finally
hit something & realize I'm going in the wrong direction .  At
least now I knew where I was & very slowly & very hard I was able
to move the chair the right way.
 
By now my arms where numb so I knew I had to be very careful not to
drop the knife when I found it.  Finally, I reached the shelves &
found the knife.
 
I didn't know how I was going to work this, but I decided to slip the
handle thru the chair back sliding it under my ass.  When I was sure
it was going to stay put I tried to slice the  tape on my wrists. 
It was very dull but eventually it did cut the tape enough so I could rip
the rest. My hands were pretty useless for awhile, I had to wait for the
pins & needles to stop. (Good thing I was gagged).  I then started
to work on my upper body, my thighs & finally my legs.  I couldn't
move right away.  I sat there, weak from the experience.  I tried
to remove the gag,  but it stuck to much to my hair. I went over to
the tub basin & but my head under the faucet.  God, it that feel
good!!  After a few minutes I was able to peal away the tape without
loosing too much hair. I pulled out the panties, but I couldn't untie the
scarf.  It had been tied to tight too long.  So I went upstairs
with it still on.  I found some scissors & cut it off.
 
I looked at the clock & it was almost 9:00 PM!  I'd been tied
up for almost 18 hours.
 
That is my story.  Needless to say, I NEVER forgot to close &
lock the windows again. The men where never caught (as far as I know). 
I'm just grateful they didn't hurt me.
 
THE END
