---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Writing My Future 3
authors:
- Julise
tags:
- MF-f
- bondage
- kidnap
- D-s
- nc
- XX
---

(story continues from [**Writing my Future 2**](writing_my_future2.html))

**Writing my Future**-
Part 3
by julise
Writing my Future - Part 3 by julise
I was sitting in my chair at my office at home looking at a bondage
site.  I was looking at pictures of a naked woman with a very nice
body who was hogtied with rope practically covering her legs and arms and
she had a leather hood on.  She had beautiful long brown wavy hair
that came out through an opening at the top of her hood and her body was
very lean and muscular.  I humbly think that my body is in the same
condition.  Not just in my opinion, but others have confirmed this. 
I had started to masturbate looking at this trussed up woman while visions
of my next story played out in my head.  The index finger of my right
hand rubbed over my clit hard and then harder.  My left hand rubbed
over my breasts and squeezed my nipples.  I was almost to the point
of orgasm when I spotted the tattoo on the woman’s ass.  It was very
small, which is why I didn’t see it at first, but when I saw the tattoo
fearful recognition engulfed me.  It was the name of my high school
boyfriend written in Japanese.  It was the very tattoo that I had
removed three years earlier when I was 23!  The woman in the picture
was me!  I screamed and all of a sudden I was collared, on the floor
on all fours with Lisa holding my leash and petting my baldhead while Tom
walked through the door.

The next thing I knew I shook awake in my cage in Tom and Lisa’s dark
basement.  I was sweating and I had the shakes.  My hands were
again cuffed behind my back, my mouth had the penis gag shoved in it and
I could still taste my juices from the orgasms that were forced on me while
the gag was shoved up my cunt right before Tom put me to “bed.”  He
was a real jerk.  My ankles, of course, still had the leather cuffs
locked on them, but they were not hobbled together with a chain tonight. 
There were no clamps on my nipples so I was a little more comfortable. 
I think that Tom, even though he was a jerk, took a little pity on me because
I had been through a lot today, although he didn’t take too much pity on
me as he fitted me tightly with a disposable adult diaper before locking
me in my cage.  I felt so humiliated as he had laughed on his way
out the door, talking about my “continence problem.”  I shifted a
little at this unpleasant memory and the chain that was tethered from my
collar to the cage door rattled a little bit.  I knew that I wasn’t
going to get back to sleep soon so I began to analyze the events of the
day.

I had come to from passing out from Lisa’s brutal whipping that she
called my “punishment.”  I guess I had breathed wrong or something. 
No, actually, it was because I looked at her wrong.  That was literally
it.  I almost had to laugh at that.  And then I guess that she
was mad that I had called her a bitch after she pulled off a nipple clamp
that had been there for over 12 hours, at least.  Forgive my knee
jerk reactions to pain, “mistress,” or as I began to lovingly refer to
her in my mind, fucking psycho.  Sometimes the absurdity of my situation
would get to me and everything almost seemed kind of funny if it hadn’t
been such a tragic situation.
I had heard the door unlock and then open.  I think that was what
brought me to consciousness, but I am not exactly sure.  I didn’t
even know how long I had been out.  I just know that when I woke up
my body was on fire from the whipping, I was still chained to the ceiling
with the spreader bar on my ankles, the horrible blow up gag was in effect,
the butt plug was still shoved up my ass, and the riding crop was, yet
again, shoved up my cunt.

Next I heard someone enter the room and I closed my eyes waiting for
my tormentor to approach me.  My thoughts were consumed with revenge
and then I surprised myself by hoping that it was Tom approaching me. 
I should have been hoping that it was a rescuer or something.  I think
that I was just so traumatized by Lisa that even Tom would have been a
sight for sore eyes, literally (or so I thought at the moment).  Then
I realized that I could hear the click of Lisa’s heels. 
My eyes remained tightly shut and I felt a perfectly manicured hand
grab my left nipple and twist it.

“OPEN YOUR EYES!”  I let out a disappointed moan.

“Open. Your. Eyes.”  Lisa repeated through gritted teeth twisting
my nipple much harder.

I opened my eyes and I was immediately looking at the floor in front
of me.  Lisa chuckled at this. 
“I see that the punishment worked well on this slave.”  Then she
thought for a minute and spoke again, “Does the slave feel that its punishment
was fair?”

She had let up on my nipple after I opened my eyes but she still held
on to it.  My eyes raced around from side to side as I was torn about
what to say.  I didn’t want to say yes, but I knew that was the only
way to avoid punishment.  Do I hold on to my integrity or do I give
in to this sadistic bitch and let her know that she has control over me? 
In the end, after a good twist on my nipple and remembering what caused
the burning sensation all over my body, I shook my head yes vigorously,
agreeing that my punishment had indeed been fair.  She seemed pleased.

“Good.  Let’s hope that this slave remembers this because the punishments
will only get worse.  This slave has just begun and I have let a lot
of things slide, but I will continue to get stricter as I feel that you
should know certain things.”  She looked at me coyly.  “Why don’t
you think about that for a minute?”

She walked over to the cabinet to get something.  The click of
her heels on her black thigh high rubber boots echoed in the room. 
Each step from the fucking psycho made me shudder.  I hated her for
what she did to me.  I hated her for what she made me do and say. 
I hated her for how she made me feel.  I hated her for wearing fuck
me boots and nothing else.  Anything that I could hate her for, I
certainly would.

She returned to me with a jar and sat it down on the table of torture
that she had wheeled next to me earlier.  She gently pulled out the
riding crop from my pussy and after giving it a little lick while she smiled
seductively at me, she set it down on the table.  She picked up the
jar and began to rub its contents all over me.  Whatever it was stung
my welts, yet felt so soothing that I let out an approving moan. 
I quickly shut myself up, but it was too late, she heard me.  She
chuckled as she continued to rub the salve where she had whipped me. 
It felt so good that I began to relax a little.

“This whore will be my willing servant sooner that it thinks. 
I can’t wait to break you.”  She breathed this lustfully in my ear. 
“Of course, I will definitely enjoy myself until then.”  Then she
licked my lips around my gag.  “This salve will soak in and then in
a couple of minutes I will clean this slut up and apply more salve. 
We want this whore to heal soon so that we can punish it again.”

I just stared straight ahead and began to tear up again thinking of
my situation.  I wanted to be anywhere but here right now.  Anywhere
but under this woman’s control.  She unlocked my wrists from above
me and quickly locked them behind my back.  She unlocked the spreader
bar from my ankles and reattached the hobble chain.  She then unlocked
the leash from the chain above and began to lead me to the toilet and the
shower stall in the corner over by my cage. 
When we arrived at the toilet she grabbed the butt plug and yanked
it out.  I screamed from the pain and then I bent down and squatted
on my legs while I tightened my ass cheeks to try to get some relief. 
She just laughed at me, turned me around, and sat me down on the toilet. 
She stood there holding my leash and looking at me expectantly while she
waited for me to go.  Eventually I did and without my arms I had no
way of cleaning myself up.  She wasn’t concerned about that as my
next stop was thankfully the shower.

“Let’s wash that smelly piss off of this smelly cunt.  I think
that this filthy whore may have to wear diapers to bed from now on.” 
She laughed cruelly as she said this.

I moaned in protest at this last statement while she ignored me and
led me to the shower.  She stood me in the middle of the shower stall
and hooked my arms up to a chain hanging down from the ceiling.  She
turned on the water to a comfortable lukewarm temperature and began to
soap me up.  It felt better than I wanted it to.  Then she grabbed
some shaving cream and lathered up my head.  This reminded me that
they had shaved my head last night and fresh tears poured out of my eyes.

“Hair is a luxury that a slave earns.”  Lisa informed me upon seeing
my tears.

I sighed into my gag as I felt the razor on my head.  I looked
at the shaving cream bottle and saw that it was a shaving cream for men. 
For some reason this offended me.  When she was finished she told
me to close my eyes and she brought the showerhead over my head. 
I lifted my head up with my eyes closed and just let myself feel the pleasure
of the warm water run down my face to my body.  This amused Lisa.

“This is next.”  She said as she playfully patted my pussy.

After she was finished with my shower she reattached my wrist cuffs
behind my back and brought a soft towel around me.  I was kind of
enjoying this and I hated it that I was.  I just couldn’t help it. 
After all that torment, this felt so good.  She threw the towel over
the stall door of the shower and then turned me around so that she could
unlock my blow up gag that had been blown up so large that I thought my
jaw would fall off.

“Do not say a word unless I speak to you.  Slut, I do not even
want you to ask if you can speak like you did this morning.  From
now on, you will not say a word unless it is asked of you.  Is this
clear?”

She hesitated on letting the air out of the blow up gag until I answered
her.  I emphatically shook my head yes so that she could take that
torturous thing out of my mouth.  She let the air out of the gag and
I felt a huge relief along with a new ache in my jaw.  I moved my
jaw around to get the use out of it again.  She then pushed me up
against the wall as she began to grope my breasts.  We were both about
average height, but Lisa was a little taller than me and she had surprising
strength.  She had a decently toned body, but I would never guess
that she was as strong as she was.  I felt overwhelmed as she pinned
me against the wall.

“You have my permission to look in my eyes slave.”  I could feel
her breath in my ear.

I didn’t want to look at her.  I didn’t want to be here. 
Why was she doing this?  She took her hand and lifted my face up to
look at her.  Her evil brown eyes were filled with lust.  She
then held my head with both of her hands and began to kiss me again. 
Her lips moved down to my neck.  My neck is one of the biggest erogenous
zones on my body.  I am sure that she knew this as I focused on this
in a lot of my BDSM stories.  I unconsciously moaned from her breath,
lips, and tongue moving around my neck.  She was really taking me
by surprise.  I had no idea what she was trying to do, but I didn’t
trust it.  Her right hand went down my body and she stuck her index
finger and her middle finger into my pussy.  Then she looked at me
as she breathed into my ear.

“Tell me, did this slave enjoy her orgasms earlier today?”
I closed my eyes at this question and she slapped my tit with her other
hand.
“Keep your eyes open slut.” 
I opened my eyes and looked at her.  I didn’t know what to say. 
Yes, unfortunately I had enjoyed my orgasm earlier, but I didn’t want this
crazy bitch to know. 
I spoke with uncertainty.  “I don’t...”
She slapped my tit again, “Who?”
I got the hint.  “Um...This slave doesn’t know.”
SLAP!  “This slave doesn’t know what?”
“How to answer your question.”
SLAP!  “How is this whore supposed to address me?”
“MISTRESS!”  I was getting so agitated.
“Tell me again slave.”
“This slave doesn’t know how to answer your question Mistress!”

Lisa was still fingering me and she leaned down and kissed my neck again. 
This was beginning to be too much for me.  My breathing became heavier
and it was hard to keep my eyes open. 
“I know that you enjoyed it.  Do you want to know how I know whore?”
I just stared at her waiting for her to tell me.  I guess she
was waiting for me to say something because she slapped my pussy hard.
“Aren’t you going to ask me how I know slut?”
“Aaaahh!  Mistress please tell this slave how you know.”
SLAP!  “How I know what slave?”
“How you know that I...”  SLAP!  “...uh, this slave enjoyed
her...”  SLAP!  “Ahh...uh...its orgasms earlier.”
Lisa began to finger me again.  “You will have to start doing
better than that slave.”
“Yes mistress.”  I automatically said as I hung my head down. 
This was starting to wear me out.  Lisa just pushed my head back up
so that I had to look at her again.
“Well let me tell you how I know that this whore enjoyed its orgasms
earlier today.  I know because this slave is a filthy slut and a piece
of shit whore.”

I just looked at her without expression, but inside I was beginning
to burn up with anger.  I really hated this woman.  She smiled
her evil smile.
“I want you to tell me that whore.  I want you to tell me what
you are.”
Then I looked at her with contempt.  This amused her more.
“Careful slut, remember that your expressions give your thoughts away. 
Now tell me.”  Her voice adopted a much sterner tone at this last
request.
I began to speak those horrid words, “I...”
SLAP!  “You really are a stupid slut.  Whom are you talking
about?”
“THIS SLAVE is a slut.”
“A filthy slut...START OVER!”
“This slave is a filthy slut.”
“AND!”
“And a piece of shit whore.”
“Tell me all together slut.”
“This slave is a filthy slut and a piece of shit whore.”
“Now tell me why this slave is a filthy slut and a piece of shit whore.”

I began to cry again.  I knew what she was trying to do. 
She was trying to condition me.  I didn’t want this to be happening.
“This slave is a filthy slut and a piece of shit whore because it enjoyed
its orgasms earlier today.”
Lisa smiled a satisfied smile and began to barely touch her lips on
my neck again while she breathlessly continued.  “And who gave this
whore those orgasms?”
“You did mistress.”  I felt so humiliated and yet aroused. 
This was too much for me.  My tears continued to flow. 
“Don’t you think that this filthy slut should thank me, its mistress,
for giving it orgasms?”  As she said this she began pumping three
fingers into my pussy very fast and I was beginning to feel my orgasm coming
on.  I started panting.  Lisa slowed down and began to get impatient. 
“Well?”  She asked expectantly.
“Thank you mistress for giving this filthy slut orgasms earlier.” 
I barely got this out through my panting.
Lisa looked at my face as I struggled not to close my eyes.  She
leaned down and kissed me on my lips and pulled her fingers out of my cunt.
“This slut is welcome.  Now I want this whore to lick its mistress’
fingers clean.”
She brought her fingers up to my mouth and pinched my nose shut to
remind me to open my mouth.  I opened my mouth and she shoved her
fingers, wet with my juices in.  I begrudgingly began to lick my juices
off of her fingers.  It wasn’t as horrible as the first time I had
to taste my juices and I did it mechanically as I tried to think of something
else. 
“Now, since this slut likes orgasms so much, I am going to give it
more than it can handle for the rest of the day until Master gets home.”

I had no idea what that meant but I had no choice in whatever it was
so I just waddled behind her because that was all my hobble chain would
allow.  She took me over to the cabinet across the room and pulled
out a long leather strap.  She pulled this tight around my flat waist
and locked it.  Then she took out another long leather strap. 
She locked it to the back of the belt and it hung back there like a tail. 
The next item that she took out of the cabinet was a very small butt plug
and she flipped a switch to show me how powerfully it vibrated.  My
eyes got wide and I dreaded having that thing in me.  She lubed it
up with the juices in my pussy and then shoved it in my ass.  It went
in very easily because the large butt plug that I had been wearing had
stretched my asshole pretty well.  It didn’t feel horrible and I sighed
with relief.  Lisa saw this and laughed.  My face flushed. 
The next thing was a large ribbed dildo that she shoved up my pussy, which
went in pretty easily considering how wet Lisa had made me a few minutes
earlier.  After these were in she quickly pulled the strap up and
locked it tightly to the front of my belt making the phallic objects push
deeper inside me.  I grunted as she locked it shut and then she patted
me on the ass.  She grabbed the familiar long, thick penis gag with
a black leather harness and shoved the penis in my mouth.  Then she
buckled all of the straps together and put the dreaded padlock on the back. 
There was no way to push the rubber phallus out of my mouth, as there were
leather straps all around my head keeping it in.  Not that I could
get to them with my wrists cuffed behind my back.  Lisa then took
out some sort of harness with black leather straps and locked the straps
tightly around my shoulders and my breasts.  She stepped back and
looked pleased with my bondage adornments.  My breasts felt oddly
comforted being held tight in this harness.

Lisa pulled on the chain leash on my collar and I waddled behind her
as best I could as she took me out of my room and we turned a corner to
our left and began to climb the stairs to the regular house.  When
we reached the door she turned around and snapped a blindfold to the harness.
“This slut does not deserve to see our beautiful home.  It is
only for higher beings.”

With that she opened the door and I could smell a fragrant odor of lavender. 
As she pulled my leash I could feel tile and then a very soft plush carpet. 
Then she had me go to my knees as I felt her lock my leash to something. 
The fragrant odor of lavender was everywhere.

“Now slave, we are in my office.  I am sitting at my computer and
you are kneeling next to me, as any slave should.  I am going to do
some online shopping today and I will make my decisions depending on your
orgasms.  Whatever I am looking at when you orgasm I will buy it.”

I had no clue what psycho bitch was talking about.  A confused
moan came through my gag and Lisa laughed.  I could feel her next
to me and she reached down and switched on the powerful vibrators in my
pussy and ass.  My body jerked from the shock and a surprised moan
muffled through the gag.  I then heard Lisa rummaging through some
things nearby.

“Here they are.”  I heard her mumble and then next thing I knew
she was affixing nipple clamps on my nipples.  She didn’t screw them
too tight and I was relieved and then even more surprised by what happened
next.  I heard her flick another switch and the nipple clamps began
to vibrate as well!  The sensations that this caused were unbelievable
and I could feel that my first orgasm was not far away.  My body began
to writhe and struggle losing control against all of these sensations. 
Lisa patted me on the head and then chuckled to herself about what a slut
I was as she began to do her online shopping.

“Whore, I want you to suck on your penis gag so that I can see your
cheeks move.”

I began to suck on my penis gag feeling humiliated but so aroused that
I didn’t care.  Lisa again patted my head like a dog and I almost
enjoyed it.  The touch, any touch helped me.  I found that sucking
on the gag actually created a nice diversion to the heightened sensitivity
my body was feeling and soon I was willingly sucking away at my penis gag
while I was overwhelmed by my first orgasm.  My body shook terribly
and my back stiffened while my hips pushed out and I heard an obnoxious
guttural moan that didn’t sound like me coming through my gag.

“What a whore.  I haven’t even gotten to my favorite shopping website
yet.”  Lisa began to laugh uncontrollably watching me go through these
humiliating yet wonderful orgasms.  “You should see how ridiculous
you look slut.  It is so funny.  Wait, I will show you.”

After she said that I heard the flash of a camera.  I was still
thrashing around from the third consecutive orgasm that overtook me. 
I started calming down a little bit but then I realized that I would not
have much rest as I could feel another orgasm coming.  Lisa could
sense this as she saw me brace myself for the next big wave.
“Geesh whore.  You are going to have me buy the whole store aren’t
you?  I knew you were a slut, but my goodness!  I guess that
I will have to forget shopping by your orgasms.  This whore is too
intense for me.”

As she said this she patted my baldhead again and her touch set off
my next wave of orgasms.  She began to laugh cruelly at me and said
all kinds of degrading things making my humiliation deeper, which, to my
horror, only encouraged my sexual stimulation.  I was starting to
realize that what she was doing was a form of torture.  Too much pleasure
can start to seem painful somehow.  Your body can’t keep up, but yet
it can’t help itself either.  Even when I tried to protest and make
my body take control of itself nothing happened.  I continued on the
same path of orgasm after orgasm.  My body was tightening and thrusting
so much that I was working all of my muscles and the beads of sweat accumulated. 
Meanwhile I diligently sucked on the penis gag in my mouth.  I was
so torn between the pleasant stimulation, the humiliation, and the discomfort
of my sensitive, sexually heightened, overloaded body that it all came
together to create more sexual stimulation.  I couldn’t stop myself. 
I just kept going and going.  When I thought that I would be able
to sit back and rest, I would then feel the next wave come on as before
that and before that.  I was babbling and moaning through my gag,
turning my head this way and that.  I could feel my wide collar and
hear the chain of the leash move against whatever it was locked to and
even these things heightened my sexual stimulation.  I didn’t know
what to do.  The only thing that I could do was take orgasm after
orgasm while I fought against my bonds and struggled and moaned in whatever
ways I could.

After what seemed like an hour the batteries started to wear down a
little bit and I began to get some rest.  The frantic sucking on my
penis gag slowed down a little bit and I was able to regroup for a second. 
Beads of sweat were all over my body.  The weak vibrations were not
enough to cause me another orgasm and I realized that I had lost track
of what Lisa was doing.  She had stopped degrading me for a while
and I realized that I didn’t feel her next to me.  Then I heard her
enter the room behind me.

“Don’t worry slut, I went to get some more batteries.  And these
are stronger.  They are guaranteed to last for 3 continuous hours
at least!”
I moaned and pleaded through my gag, hoping that she would show mercy
on me and not replace the batteries.  She was so evil.  She knew
that I didn’t want to continue but she pretended to take my moans as moans
of impatience.  She began to laugh amusingly as if she were dealing
with a child.

“Don’t worry whore, I will get them replaced right away.  You can
wait a few minutes can’t you slut?  I guess you can’t.”  I could
feel her stop and look at me.  “You really are a filthy slut aren’t
you?  Look at how pitiful you are.”

Then I felt her unlock the strap between my legs and I began to cry
and plead through my gag.  She just continued to act as if I was an
impatient child instead of granting me any form of dignity.  As she
finished replacing the batteries and locked the strap back to my bondage
belt I began to get angry and my body twisted and turned as I let out some
angry moans through my gag.  She leaned her head next to me and began
to talk softly and menacingly into my ear.

“There are much worse things I could be doing to you right now slut. 
This fucktoy should enjoy the small pleasures that I allow it.”

And then she turned all of the vibrators back on.  The overwhelming
pleasure once again filled me and there I was, imprisoned in my bonds,
kneeling next to one of my crazy, sadistic captors as she humiliated me
and degraded me while continuing to shop online, while I suffered one forced
orgasm after another.  It was a horribly draining afternoon and much
of my mental fight for the day was lost in these moments. 
 
 

[This
story continues in Part 4](writing_my_future4.html)

24.02.04

story continues in [**Writing My Future 4**](writing_my_future4.html)

o0o
