---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Andreabound Revisits the Oubliette
authors:
- Andreabound
tags:
- Sbf
- enclosed
- slave
- cons
- X
date: 2006-06-07 00:00:00
---

**#8 Andreabound revisits the
Oubliette – Part One**

After the success of my jail cell I
wanted to spend more time locked in the basement of my new house.
Unfortunately, no assignments came up at work that would give me an excuse to
stay at home for a week or more. Any less time than that simply wasn’t going
to work for my needs.

After a few frustrating weeks I
decided to try something different. My hands had recovered from the grievance
done to them whilst lifting and handling the rough, heavy cinder blocks. So it
was time for more building. I missed my oubliette, left in the attic of my
previous home. I wondered if the new occupants had found it yet and, if so,
what they had made of the strange construction. I decided this new oubliette
would be made of stone and should be smaller and even more confining than the
last one.

There was a couple of cinder blocks
left over from the construction of my cell but I would need more So I ordered
more blocks to be delivered, along with a few paving slabs that I would use
for the roof.

When the bricks arrived a week later,
I built two new walls out from the back wall of the basement and parallel to
the side wall of my cell. There was a gap of two feet between the new walls
and they were only two feet high. I laid the paving slabs on top, bridging the
two low walls and forming the roof of my oubliette. Boy, were these paving
slabs heavy! I now had a tunnel two feet high and wide, and six feet long,
that would become my new even smaller and more confining oubliette. Since the
oubliette now obscured the hole in the cell wall near the ground where the
hose for my cell’s water supply entered, I placed the water tank onto the
roof of the oubliette and drilled a new hole higher up on the cell wall for
the hose. 

On the end of one of the low walls at
the entrance to the oubliette I bolted a four foot high piece of two-by-two
that had a slot cut into it. A similar piece of wood was bolted to the other
wall so that the slots faced each other across the opening and would allow a
thin board to be slid in from the top. The slots allowed the board to be slid
up and down across the entrance to the oubliette effectively sealing it off. I
cut two ankle sized slots in the bottom of this board so that if I were lying
in the oubliette and the board was dropped across the entrance my ankles would
be trapped on the outside of the oubliette by the board, preventing my escape.

Holes drilled in each of the slotted
frames just above the tops of the walls would allow bolts to be pushed through
the frames to block the slots. With the board raised the bolts wouldn’t be
able to be pushed all the way through to the other side of the slot but once
the board dropped below the level of the holes, the bolts would automatically
slide down and through the hole on the other side of the slot preventing the
board from being lifted until the bolts were removed. . I drilled the holes at
an angle so that the bolts would slide easily through the unimpeded holes. I
sawed the heads off two long 3/8ths bolts I’d bought for the purpose and
greased them up. For good measure I also greased the inside of the holes I’d
drilled. I pushed the ends of the bolts into the holes and let go. They slid
right through and landed on the floor. I tried this several times blocking the
passage of the bolts with the board and then letting the board down. Each time
the bolts slid through and not once did they get stuck in the holes. My plan
was to freeze an ice cube onto one end of each of the bolts which would
prevent them from sliding all the way through until the ice melted.

To be safe I decided to test this with
me outside the oubliette, so once the bolts were frozen I put a block of wood
under the board to create a gap and pushed the ends of the bolts into the
holes. The bolts hung there in the holes unable to pass through the board that
occupied the slots. I slipped my feet under the raised bottom of the board and
lined my ankles up with the slots in the board itself. I yanked on the string
I’d attached to the block holding the board up and the board slid the rest
of the way down to the floor trapping my ankles in the slot. I could see that
the bolts had now slid all the way through the holes and try as I might I
couldn’t push the board back up by using my legs. I tried pushing and
pulling on the board too and there was a little give in the thin board. I
resolved to add an extra slot across the oubliette entrance on the floor for
the board to drop into. That would prevent me from pushing on the board enough
to bend it and snap it out of the slots at the sides. I waited patiently for
the ice to melt and for the bolts to slip out of the holes and onto the floor.
Lying back on the cold floor, I closed my eyes and imagined what it would be
like to be doing the waiting on the inside the close confines of my very
narrow oubliette instead.

For this experiment I had only frozen
a small amount of ice onto the bolts and so it wasn’t long before I heard
the first bolt fall to the floor. The other bolt fell out a minute or so
later, but I lay there for a while trying to calculate how much ice I would
need to freeze onto the ends of the bolts to provide for a decent length of
entrapment in my new oubliette. The only thing preventing me from using the
oubliette now was finding a free weekend and the time it took to freeze a
decent amount of ice onto my bolts.

**Part Two**

Now I was really for it! After my last
encounter with the Magistrate I had been locked in the castle’s dungeon to
cool off. I obviously hadn’t shown the correct degree of contrition on my
release and so the magistrate had taken one look at the undisguised hate still
showing in my eyes and said the only thing guaranteed to keep me incarcerated
indefinitely: “she’s obviously a witch, take her back to the dungeon and
make her confess!”

And so it was back to the oubliette;
this time one in the deepest, darkest dungeon of the castle. As I was stripped
of my clothes, I realized even this harsh treatment was just a prelude to the
real thing; a means of weakening me ready for the inevitable tortures and
trials that lay ahead. Of course I wasn’t a witch, the magistrate knew that
too, but who would believe the word of a simple peasant girl over that of the
town’s most powerful and learned man? Even if they did, who would dare stand
against him for the cause of a girl who clearly couldn’t control herself?

I had managed to find a free weekend
and so it was time to test out the oubliette. This time there would be no
comforts. No pillow and a rough concrete floor to lie on instead of wooden
floorboards. To provide even greater torture I threw a couple of handfuls of
rice into the oubliette and decided to go naked.

So the only things I took into the
oubliette with me this time were a pair of handcuffs, the thumbcuffs that had
finally turned up and the string that I would use to pull out the block to
release the board. The block was taller this time as I had to maneuver my body
through the entrance under the raised board and not just my feet.

This was my first time as I hadn’t
tried the oubliette out yet and although I’d deliberately made the new
oubliette on the small size I hadn’t realized what a squeeze it would be. It
must have taken me over ten minutes to wriggle up the tiny passage and I was
glad I wasn’t claustrophobic. I had also cuffed my toes together with the
other pair of thumbcuffs and that made progress even more difficult.
Eventually I could tell I was in the right place and I reached behind me to
slip on the hand and thumbcuffs.

Once they were on I gave the string a
sharp pull and was rewarded by the sound of the board sliding down its slots.
Of course it landed on top of one of my ankles and I yelped with pain. I
instinctively moved my ankle sideways and, finding its travel no longer
hindered, the board slid all the way to the floor, coming to rest in the new
slot I had fixed there.

Here I was; an innocent girl accused
of witchery, already striped of my clothes and dignity. Now they had pushed me
into this dark, cold, stony hole in what seemed like the bottom of the earth.
And it was cold; the concrete of the floor I was lying on wasn’t going to
warm up anytime soon. The rice had been pushed up the passageway by my
squirming into the hole and most of it had unfortunately come to rest right
under my breasts where it was starting to really dig in. I wished I’d
noticed this before cuffing my wrists behind my back, but I probably
couldn’t have done much about it anyway as the passageway was too tight to
allow me to move my arms up and they were stuck at my sides, cuffs or not.

Having my hands behind my back also
meant most of the passageway was blocked by my body making it harder for fresh
air to circulate. I’d left a couple of small gaps in the brickwork to ensure
I wouldn’t suffocate but I’d wanted to have to work for my breathing; it
seemed in keeping with being in a real hole in the ground.

It wasn’t long before I was really
uncomfortable. I was stuck lying on my stomach as the slots trapping my ankles
prevented me from turning over. Not that it would have been easy anyway in
such a confined space. I’d wanted an authentic experience and I was
certainly getting it short of the damp the inhabitant of a real oubliette
would undoubtedly suffer. Wait a minute, I *was*
getting wet. There was a definite dripping on the back of my thighs. I assumed
it must be the ice melting then realized it was too far away for the entrance
to be caused by the ice. The only other source of water was in the tank that I
had hoisted onto the oubliette roof; sitting right above my bottom. I hoped
that it hadn’t sprung a leak.

My worst fears were realized as I felt
the water continue to drip onto my thighs, run round my legs and start to form
a pool on the floor. At least the drips didn’t seem to get any worse but the
constant dripping of the cold water on my legs was a form of Chinese torture.
Even more worrying was that the tunnel of the oubliette obviously ran slightly
downhill; instead of staying where it fell, the pool of water was slowly
making its way up my body towards my head.

Once it reached the end of the
oubliette, the water had nowhere else to go, and so after a while, there was
pool about a quarter of an inch deep around my head. Not deep enough to drown
in but deep enough that I had to keep holding my head up to avoid lying in the
freezing water. Lying as I was on my stomach, my only choices were to lie with
my face on the ground which meant my mouth was in the water, lying with my
head on one side which allowed the water to seep into my hair or, hold my head
up and out of the growing puddle. Something I couldn’t do indefinitely. I
could feel water at my ankles too, now meaning the slope couldn’t be too
great. This meant the water wouldn’t get much deeper at my head. But then of
course the board at my feet would stop the water going any further in that
direction and that meant most of the water would be trapped in the oubliette.

As the water level rose I started to
panic a little and pulled and pushed against the board with my ankles; all to
no avail. With my hands cuffed behind me, there was no way I could gain any
purchase against the floor or walls to aid my efforts. I realized how
absolutely trapped I was in here. And suddenly the confining walls, the
absolute darkness and the rising danger all combined to cause me to be
terrified. I didn’t want to drown in here and for a minute or two I thrashed
insensibly in my narrow prison.

I only stopped when I came back to my
senses and realized that all I had achieved was to give myself a liberal
covering of grazes and scratches and one broken nail as I beat against the
rough brickwork. The water was now over half-an-inch deep and I had lost track
of time. I had no idea how long I had been in here and how much longer I had
to endure this torture. My neck was stiff from trying to hold my head out of
the water and I was reaching the limit as to how much longer I could manage
that.

Eventually I had no choice but to
lower my head into the freezing water. I put my head on one side and my hair
was immediately soaked and I started to shiver uncontrollably. The leak had
obviously spread and the water coming from above had started to find new
routes into my subterranean prison. It must be seeping through the gaps
between the paving slabs I had laid as a roof and I now had water leaking on
to my back and shoulders, as well as my thighs. The water level didn’t seem
to go up though, as it had risen above the strips of wood I’d used to create
a slot across the doorway and was obviously slowly pouring out of the slots in
the board where my ankles passed through. I lifted my ankles the half inch or
so that the headroom in the slots would allow and that seemed to help the flow
of water to the outside.

I couldn’t keep my ankles in the air
like that for too long and so I had to keep lowering them every now and again,
only raising them when I thought he water was getting too high to bear. It was
during one of these times lifting my ankles up that I found the board seemed
to give way slightly. I pushed harder and realized the board was loose at one
side. Obviously one of the bolts had slid through and that meant the other
wouldn’t be far behind.

A few minutes later the other bolt
fell to the ground and this time I heard it fall. I pushed the board with all
my might and I felt it lift. There was no mechanism to hold the board up and
so I would have to support its weight with parts of my body and try to slide
underneath it as I wriggled out of the oubliette. I hadn’t planned on this
being easy. It had been hard enough squirming into the oubliette with the
board held out of the way and with the limited use of my hands to push against
the walls at my side. With my hands pinned uselessly at my back and made even
more useless by the thumbcuffs, it was going to be a hard and long journey
back out of the tunnel of my oubliette.

The water didn’t help either; it
made the floor slippery and difficult for me to get any purchase. Whereas the
journey in had taken ten minutes or so the journey out was at least three
times as long. By the time I emerged in the gloom of the basement I was
covered in scratches, grazes, bruises and splinters from the where the board
had scraped along the back of my legs and back. The worst moment, ironically,
was as I was nearly free. The board scraped along my shoulders and then
settled over my neck to trap my head in the oubliette. My neck had slipped
into one of the slots in the board meant for my ankles and being a little
larger than my ankle had got stuck there. It took several minutes of straining
my head up and a few more bruises before I finally wriggled free of the
tunnel.

Once I’d removed my cuffs, I stood
up, stretched, and mostly out of curiosity, looked to see where all the water
had come from. It turned out that I hadn’t fixed the hose to the water tank
tightly enough and that during my struggles into the oubliette must have
caused the tank to shift slightly causing a leak where the hose was connected.
I couldn’t work out how I could have done this as the tank weighed a ton
when full of water and the hose was well out of reach of the inside of the
oubliette, but I couldn’t come up with a better explanation.

A warm bath was in order, and there
whilst tending to my bruises, I could continue my fantasy about being the
young girl accused of witchcraft. The trauma of the rising water had all but
destroyed the scenario for me at the time, which just meant of course that
once I’d fixed the leak and given the oubliette time to dry out, I would
have to do it all over again.
