---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Well Met
authors:
- Findar
tags:
- M-f+
- bond
- outdoors
- tape
- mittens
- mask
- buttplug
- rope
- oral
- group
- cane
- sex
- susp
- mast
- leash
- gag
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2024-12-29 00:00:00
---

### Part 3: Island Hunt

The old man stood by the pontoon boat, eyeing the trio as they made their way down the dock. The two women, one dark haired and one brunette looked ready for a boating day. ‘Except for the shoes,’ he thought to himself. The women each wore mesh cover-ups, one black, the other white that hinted at the skimpy bikinis underneath. Each wore a pair of high heels, in matching colors.

Looking at the guy leading the party the old man spit into the water. The kid looked like he was going on a jungle cruise. He wore khaki shorts and shirt with an Aussie style bush hat. Socks that came just below his knees and hiking boots completed his ensemble. “Well shit,” the old man grumbled.

None of them looked like mariners, the old man thought. And if he had his choice he wouldn’t be renting them a boat. But business was slow on Wednesdays. Not many people out on the lagoon. So as long as Mattie had them sign the waivers in the office they got a boat.

Rick stepped up and introduced himself as well as the two girls. He slung a duffel bag over the railing before helping the girls aboard. The old man eyed him suspiciously, “You drivin’?”

Rick answered that he was and listened attentively to the operational instructions. The old man’s attention seemed to waver from his spiel as Jill took a seat, allowing her cover-up to show more than a little leg. Rick rolled his eyes. She was such a tease.

Belle was a bit more demure. Her legs were clamped tightly together and her body was tense. Although her last outdoor bondage adventure had gone wrong it did allow her to meet Rick and Jill. But she wasn’t sure she was ready for anything so public again.

It was only Jill’s insistent, “Come on, it’ll be fun!” that Belle gave in. She was still trying to figure out where in Rick and Jill’s relationship she fit in, but sometimes the way Jill looked at her made Belle’s stomach do back-flips.

The outboard purred to life, lines were cast off and Rick backed away from the dock. The old man watched critically, waiting for the kid to screw up. As the boat completed the turn and headed out of the marina the old man grumbled, “One lucky son-of-a-bitch.”

The boat skimmed across the sparkling water, little wind driven ripples slapping against the twin hulls. Rick eyed his companions, enjoying the way their hair streamed out behind them. He followed the channel markers to the center of the lagoon and headed north.

The lagoon had been a shallow estuary until the nineteen fifties when the Army Corps of Engineers dredged the central channel. Now it was part of the inland waterway system. At the time of the project no one bothered to truck away the dredge material. They simply pumped it into huge piles that became known as “spoil islands.”

Over time the islands flourished with plant life springing up. They were now popular spots for weekend boaters, with inviting white sand beaches and lush vegetation.

“There it is,” Rick called out over the sound of the motor. He was pointing to an island dead ahead. The white sand and palm trees made it look like a tropical paradise.

“Are you sure it’s safe?” Belle called anxiously.

Rick cut back the throttle as they left the channel. “There’s nobody out here on the weekdays. It’s mobbed on the weekend. But just to be sure we’ll circle the island and look for other boaters.”

The island wasn’t large, maybe a half mile across. It took no time for them to circumnavigate it. Satisfied that they’d have the place to themselves Rick ran the boat in until it grounded on the beach. “All ashore that’s going ashore,” he called merrily.

Both girls kicked off their shoes. They looked great on land, but were totally impractical for walking in soft sand or running, for that matter. Rick tossed out the anchor and grabbed his duffel before stepping off the boat.

“What now?” Belle asked anxiously.

Jill came over to put a reassuring arm on her shoulder. “Honey, you never have to do anything you don’t want to,” she said gently. “You can sit on the deck and soak up the sun while Rick and I play if you prefer.”

Belle looked up at the taller woman. The calm concern on her face was the tonic Belle needed. “No-no I’m good. I just wondered how we start the game.”

“Well, there’s a clearing in the center of the island,” Rick informed them. “We’ll go there and get set up for the game.” He led them down a sandy path to the clearing. There was a fire pit in the center with charred, skeletal branches. Tall palms and scraggly live oaks fought for dominance over the space.

“Well, first thing is we’re going to need sunscreen,” Jill said as she shucked her cover-up. She was clad in a tiger print string bikini. The narrow thong bottoms and little triangles on top left little to the imagination. “Toss me the sunscreen, will you?” she asked Rick.

Belle followed her friend’s lead, removing her cover-up and hanging it carefully on a tree. When she and Jill had gone shopping they giggled like naughty schoolgirls as they picked out the risqué swimwear. But now that they were outside her little leopard printed outfit seemed woefully inadequate.

“Wow!” Rick exclaimed as he saw the two women. He had specified the animal prints they were to choose. But they had kept the actual suits hidden from him until now. “I don’t know whether tiger or leopard tastes better, but I’m looking forward to finding out.”

“God, you are such a pig,” Jill teased. “Belle honey, can you get my back for me?” she asked as she handed the other girl the sunscreen.

Rick opened his duffle, keeping one eye on the girls as they rubbed sunscreen on each other. He could feel the bulge in his pants growing as Jill rubbed down Belle. She seemed to spend rather a long time making sure that Belle’s backside was well protected from the ravages of the sun.

As much as he was enjoying the show, Rick wanted to get in on the fun. “If you two are finished greasing each other up I need you over here.”

The two girls shared a smile as they capped the sunscreen. They walked together to stand before Rick, who had a roll of black electrician’s tape in his hand.

“Jill, let’s get you first,” he said. “Hands out and make two fists.” Jill did as she was asked. Soon Rick was wrapping her left hand with the tape, pinning her thumb and fingers down. He repeated the process with the other hand. To finish he pulled out a pair of tiger striped socks. He slipped one over each hand before wrapping them with tape at her wrists.

Looking at her now useless hands Jill said, “At least I can scratch my nose.”

“Tigers don’t have fingers,” Rick reminded her. “Okay Belle, you’re next.”

Belle held out her hands. “Oh, wait,” she cried just before Rick started wrapping. She reached around the back of her suit, giving the thong a tug. “Bit of a wedgie,” she said ruefully.

“Won’t be a problem soon,” Rick said cryptically as he started wrapping Belle’s hands.

When he had finished Belle examined her hands. Leopard print socks covered the layers of tape. She tried to open her hands, but the layers of tape held them firm. It was an odd sensation. It was bondage but it wasn’t.

Pulling a towel from the duffel Rick laid it out on the sand. On top of that he placed a paintball gun. The women eyed it warily. “Don’t worry,” Rick said when he saw their faces. “I’ve dialed it down to the lowest velocity. But just to make sure we don’t have any accidents there’s one more precaution.”

Reaching into the bag once more Rick pulled out two paintball masks. They were goggles with a black face shield below. Rick had painted them, covering the black plastic with tiger stripes on one and leopard spots on the other.

“Alright tigress, let’s get you ready for the hunt.” He stepped up to Jill, slipping the mask over her face. He tightened the straps, securing it in place.

“Remember the rules,” Rick said as he turned to Belle’s mask. “You’ve got five minutes to run anywhere on the island. If you make it back to the boat you win.” Both women nodded behind their masks. “Each time you get hit you lose an article of clothing. On the third hit you’re meat for the camp. And I’m going to be working up an appetite.”

Rick’s final comment sent a chill down Belle’s spine. He had mentioned earlier that the first one to lose would have an uncomfortable wait for the other. Added to her anxiety was the fact that there was probably fifteen feet of open beach between the trees and the boat. Losing part of her bathing suit was going to make that run to the boat embarrassing to say the least.

“Okay then-oh wait, I almost forgot something,” Rick said. He reached into the duffel and pulled out two fuzzy animal tails. Belle’s eyes widened as she saw the tails were attached to silicone butt plugs. As he squirted lube on the plugs he said, “Who’s first?”

“You never said anything about that when we planned this game.” Jill’s voice was muffled behind her mask, but her annoyance was clear.

“Don’t you just love surprises?” He caught Jill by the wrist pulling her towards him. “Annnd we have a volunteer. Bend over and spread ‘em sweetheart.”

Jill pulled back, “You can be a real prick sometimes, you know?”

“I sure can,” Rick laughed. “Now I’ve got the larger one for you, so I suggest you not turn this into a wrestling match.” He held up the plug while squirting lube on it.

The sigh from behind Jill’s mask made her sound a bit like Darth Vader. But she turned her back to him and spread her legs. Bending at the hips she waited for the intrusion.

Rick pulled aside Jill’s thong and pressed the tip of the plug to her rectum. “Just relax,” he crooned as he worked the plug into place.

“Arrgh, you did bring the big one-you jerk,” Jill snarled. She was hardly a virgin when it came to anal sex, but the plug Rick inserted filled her. It would make running an interesting proposition.

When Rick called, “You’re next Belle,” she froze. All she could do was shake her head. Through the tinted visor she saw the black bullet of the plug. ‘God, he wants to put that up my ass,’ came the gibbering thought.

Jill stepped in. “Rick, you’re freaking her out,” she said as she stepped between them. “If she doesn’t want it just let it go.”

Belle looked down at Jill’s backside. She could see the flange of the plug nestled between Jill’s cheeks. It didn’t seem to be hurting her, although the insertion seemed pretty bad.

“Well I got her the smallest one,” Rick said. It was as if sizing anal toys was as routine as deciding what size soda to get at the fast food concession.

Jill was reiterating that newbies have different limits when Belle interrupted. “Does it hurt, Jill?”

“Not if your boyfriend doesn’t pick the biggest one to make you scream,” Jill said as she turned. “That really is the smallest one in our kit.”

Belle liked Jill. More importantly she trusted Jill. Part of her wanted to be like Jill, fun loving and experienced. “Okay,” Belle sighed. “I’ll try it. B-but stop if I say so okay?”

“Of course,” Rick said quietly. He stepped behind Belle and gently moved her thong aside. Jill moved in front, slipping her arms around Belle’s waist. “Now spread your legs and lean into Jill,” Rick said. Gone was the smirking and joking. He now sounded more like a dentist about to work on a stubborn tooth.

The sudden coldness of the lube made Belle tense up. Over her shoulder she heard Rick’s voice in a quiet, soothing tone. “Just relax, let those muscles go.” Belle felt like a horse that needed to be gentled, and that thought made her almost laugh out loud. Maybe she’d be their ponygirl next.

The suppressed laugh was enough to release Belle’s clenched muscles. There was a sudden intense pressure that caused her to cry, “Ohmygod,” and then the toy slid into place. The pressure was gone. In its place was a strange feeling of fullness.

Rick wiped the excess lube from her rear before pulling her bikini bottom back into place. Still held by Jill, Belle looked back over her shoulder. There she found a fluffy leopard’s tail sticking out. It seemed to her at once ludicrous and sexy.

“You good?” Jill asked from behind her mask. She disentangled from Belle, helping her to stand upright.

“Uh, yeah, I guess so.” In reality Belle wasn’t sure. Having a tail, having her hands turned into paws and her face hidden behind an animal mask made her feel like less of a person. It was as if she were something else completely. “It’s just kinda weird, you know?”

As the two friends talked Rick retrieved the paintball gun. “Well crazy cat ladies,” he said brightly. “Your five minute head start begins now.” He sighted down the barrel of the gun, aiming for the ground between them.

There was the snap of compressed air. A paintball splattered on the ground, drawing startled yelps from the two women. They turned in unison and ran from the clearing.

Belle quickly learned that running with a plug in her butt was quite different than a normal run. She felt it moving about, creating an uncomfortable sensation. She slowed her pace and the feeling abated.

Jill was just ahead of her, but she wasn’t eating up the miles either. Belle imagined the larger plug made running even worse-although she did enjoy seeing Jill’s tail bouncing along behind her. Another fifty feet and Jill stopped.

Belle pulled up next to her. She was panting inside the mask. The eye shield fogged with her breath, further complicating her escape. “God, I didn’t think this would be so hard,” she gasped.

Jill leaned her mittened hands on her knees. “It’s never as simple as it sounds with him,” she said tiredly. “He always finds a way to throw in a surprise. It’s like making a deal with the devil.” She paused, “Listen, we have to split up. You go to the left and find a hiding spot. I’ll go ahead and make some noise. When he comes for me you can sneak onto the boat.”

“But you’ll get caught,” Belle protested. For some reason her adrenalin was up. It was almost as if they were really being hunted. She didn’t want to abandon Jill if she could avoid it.

“Just go,” Jill insisted. “It’ll be worth it to see Rick’s face when you’re sitting on the boat.” She gave Belle a quick hug before starting back up the trail.

Belle watched Jill round the bend. It felt like she’d never see her again. Shaking herself, Belle said, “It’s only a game, so let’s see if we can win.” Pushing aside some bushes she crept into the woods. Twenty feet off the trail she found a small clearing. She could just see the beach from her hideout. She squatted down to wait.

It felt like an eternity that Belle squatted in the sand. Rick had asked them not to wear watches and now Belle understood why. She had no idea if it had been five minutes or fifteen since they had left the clearing.

Belle was just about to creep towards the beach when she heard a stealthy footstep. She froze in a half crouch, her heart hammering in her chest. Was it Jill? Or was it Rick? Would she hear the crack and whine of a paintball coming her way? She waited.

From further up the island Belle heard a sudden cry. It sounded like Jill. She was imitating the cry of a big cat. Belle figured either that or she just got her tail caught on something that gave her a sharp yank. The quiet footsteps were suddenly pounding down the path, away from Belle. She let out a sigh of relief.

The path to the sandy shore was low. It seemed more of an animal run than a footpath. Belle wondered uneasily whether she was going to be sharing the trail with some angry raccoon. But the lure of the boat set her into motion. Crawling beneath the low branches she shuffled down the path.

If walking with a butt plug in was strange, the crawling was a whole next level. Belle could feel the toy shifting in her hole every time she moved her legs forward.

The low vegetation blocked the wind, leaving stagnant, sticky air. The sand stuck to her knees and sweat ran down her face. She would have loved to wipe it off, but with her fingers wrapped she was powerless to remove the mask.

The cool breeze off the lagoon was a blessing as Belle reached the edge of the brush. She sat for a moment, tilting her face into the wind. The air that slipped in through the mask’s grill helped to dissipate the fog that had formed on the faceplate.

The water was cool on Belle’s feet as she stepped to the water’s edge. From where she was it looked like an easy walk down the beach to the boat. She couldn’t see it, tucked in around the corner but she knew it was there.

Belle heard the voices first. For a moment she thought that it was Rick and Jill. Had he gotten her out of the game already? But then she saw the prow of a bass boat inching past the trees. “Shit,” she whispered. The path was a good twenty feet back, she would never reach it before the fishermen rounded the bend.

In a panic Belle looked at the thick brush that hemmed her in on the beach. Taking a deep breath she lowered her shoulder and crashed into the woods. Using her hands like clubs she pushed branches out of her way. The ends raked at her skin and for the first time she was grateful for the mask strapped to her face.

Five feet in Belle could go no more. The vegetation was too thick, and the noise she would make would surely alert the men on the boat. She dropped to the ground, ignoring the sticks that poked into her and waited.

The voices got louder. They were not shouting, only the quiet talk of men casting and retrieving lures. The whine of the electric trolling motor was barely audible. Belle prayed that the scrubby cover hid her body from the fishermen. The skimpy leopard print suit was decidedly poor camouflage.

Looking through the branches Belle saw the boat cruise slowly by. One man stood at the bow, casting towards the trees. Her heart hammered in her chest. She was sure they must be able to hear her ragged breathing. She closed her eyes, issuing a quiet prayer.

Jill found herself on the narrow northern tip of the island. She let out a growl that she hoped would draw Rick away from the boat. It was less than realistic, but seemed more appropriate than yelling, “Hey, over here!”

Unfortunately there seemed few escape options if Rick did find her. The beach to the right was dotted with rocks encrusted with oyster shells. The left side had no beach at all, with mangroves growing out into the lagoon.

Jill had just decided to head back down the trail when she heard the approaching footsteps. She crouched down, backing against the low bushes. She was trapped. So fine-she would act like a trapped animal.

Rick walked onto the strip of sand, gun at the ready. There was a sudden motion to his left. With a snarl Jill launched herself towards him, her “paws” out to knock the gun aside. Rick frantically spun the barrel towards her and pulled the trigger.

Jill heard the gun go off. There was a sudden, stinging pain on her thigh. Then she was flailing her arms as she tumbled into the sand at Rick’s feet. “Oh fuck that hurt,” she moaned.

Rick set the gun down before helping Jill to her feet. He examined the welt on her leg. “Not too bad,” he said. “Good thing I dialed it down.”

“Yeah, you’re a real humanitarian,” Jill grumbled.

“Well, now it’s time to skin the carcass,” Rick smirked. “Turn around, tiger girl.”

Jill turned her back to him. She felt a tug at the back of her neck and the top of her bikini was falling away, revealing her breasts. Rick pulled the lower string and dragged it away before sticking it in his pocket.

“That can go in my trophy case,” he said as he slid his hands around to cup Jill’s naked breasts. “And I think these will too.”

With the pain in her leg fading, Jill leaned back into her boyfriend. Her nipples began to pucker at his touch. She wondered if Belle had made it to the boat. Perhaps she needed more time?

Rick felt Jill grinding against him. “Maybe you can collect your trophy now without a fight. Wouldn’t that be better than trying to guard the boat?” Jill purred.

A sudden realization caused Rick to push her away. “You sneaky little bitch,” he growled. “This was a setup!” He grabbed for the gun as Jill laughed behind her mask.

“She probably sitting on the boat by now,” Jill called to Rick’s back as he raced down the trail.

It seemed an eternity until the fishermen disappeared around the mangroves. Without the charge of fear soaked adrenaline it was much harder to move through the scraping branches. The tie on Belle’s bikini bottoms snagged on a branch. She fumbled at it with her useless hands, finally yanking on the branch in frustration.

The annoying stick released its hold, but in the process pulled the bow that held the front and back of Belle’s bottoms together. It flopped uselessly against her leg. “Oh shit!” Belle hissed. But there was nothing she could do about her wardrobe malfunction with her fingers locked away. And she was running out of time to get to the boat. With a sigh of resignation she started down the beach.

Belle moved at a jog along the sand. Her loose suit bottom wanted to slide down her legs, making her run even more awkward. She pressed a fist to the front of it, trying to keep it in place. The day was getting warm and she panted behind her mask.

At the end of the beach was another clump of mangroves, their spindly roots growing out into the lagoon. Belle opted to wade out around them instead of trying to blaze a trail through the underbrush. She eased out into the cool water.

The sand that had stuck to her knees drifted off in little flakes as she waded. Little fish darted about her calves. Over the edge of the mangroves Belle caught a flash of white. It was the outboard motor of the boat!

Energized by the sight Bell began to run through the knee deep water. She saw the beach, with the prow of the boat pulled up on the sand. Getting back onto the sand she rushed toward it. Jill had done it! Rick was away from the boat.

Belle was ten feet from the boat when she heard the pounding of feet. “Oh god,” she gasped as tried to squeeze out a bit more speed. There was a rapid “pop, pop, pop.” Something hit her in the arm, knocking her off balance. She saw a splatter of red paint on her bicep as she toppled into the water.

Coughing and sputtering Belle raised her head. Water streamed from her mask. Rick was at her side, pulling her to her feet. “Mask, please,” she panted.

Rick pulled off the paintball mask. Belle was dripping wet. He helped her up onto the sand, examining her arm as they went. “Whew, that was quite a run,” Rick said breathlessly. “Was this your idea or did Jill come up with it?”

“It was Jill.” She smiled ruefully. “And it would have worked if I hadn’t run into some fishermen. Can I get a drink of water?”

“Sure,” Rick laughed. “But first things first, I have to collect my trophy.” He eyed Belle’s biking bottom hanging off one hip. “Guess I’ll take the easy route on this one,” he said as he pulled the remaining string.

“Hey, not out here on the beach,” Belle protested. She ran for the cover of the trees, her wet tail flapping behind her.

Rick’s amusement at her discomfort was almost his undoing. Out of the corner of his eye he caught a flash of orange. He spun to see Jill moving stealthily through the shallows.

Realizing she had been discovered Jill started a sprint towards the boat. She watched as Rick recovered the gun. She would never close the gap in time. Turning about she tried to run back the way she came. Seconds later there was the “thwack” of a paintball hitting her shoulder. “Fuck,” she yelled in frustration.

“Come on, sneaky little tiger,” Rick chuckled. “Come with our shy leopard and take a break.”

Belle poked her head out from the trees. “Oh Jill, I’m sorry. I didn’t know you were there.”

“Not your fault sweetie,” Jill said kindly. “But if we ever play paintball for real,” she said as she looked at Rick, “I’m shooting this one in the balls.”

Rick removed Jill’s mask and kissed her. “That’s what I love about you-your sweet and psychopathic nature. Now let me collect my trophy.”

Jill stood there, proud as a warrior queen as Rick stripped off her bottoms. Belle envied her confidence as she strode across the sand. It didn’t seem to bother her in the least that she was completely naked except for the socks on her hands and the tiger tail plugged into her ass.

The trio walked back to the clearing. “Break time,” he called as he fished in the duffel. He pulled out two bottles of water and a length of rope.

“What’s with that?” Jill nodded towards the rope.

“You’re such a clever little cat that my trust level is way down. Put your hands behind your back and you’ll get some water.” He smiled at the women. “Besides, you look fucking hot when you’re tied up.”

Jill tried to scowl, but it turned into a laugh. “Man, you are such a perv! That’s probably why I haven’t strangled you in your sleep yet.” She turned her back to Rick, presenting her hands.

Belle tried to suppress her excitement as Jill’s hands were bound. Even helpless she seemed to have a commanding presence. Remembering the dinner party, Belle swallowed the lump in her throat. She hoped the dripping water from her fall disguised the growing wetness between her legs.

“You’re next, Princess,” Rick said, jolting Belle back to reality. Rick was holding the free end of the cord he had bound Jill with. Belle shyly stepped towards him and presented her hands. Why couldn’t she be cool about bondage like Jill, she wondered?

Rick tied Belle’s hands together with the free end of the rope. When he was done the women were lashed together at the wrists with only about two feet separating them. “That should keep you two out of trouble,” he told them. “But just to make sure, get down on your knees.”

Belle could feel the heat rising in her cheeks as she watched her friend drop to her knees. She imagined for a moment that she could remain standing, turning to face Jill’s mouth. But the ropes were tugging on her wrists as Jill settled herself on the ground. Belle carefully lowered herself down, feeling the sand grate against her knees.

Both women looked up eagerly as Rick opened a bottle of water. “I’ve only got one bottle for the two of you,” he said casually. “So why don’t you put your mouths together?”

Belle’s eyes widened. She should have known that even getting a drink of water from Rick could be a kinky experience. She scooted closer to Jill, who had a look in her eyes that any jungle cat would recognize.

The captives leaned into one another. Jill’s cheek pressed warmly against Belle’s. Her naked breast pressed against the thin fabric of Belle’s bikini top. She imagined what if would feel like with that little scrap of cloth gone.

Rick held the water bottle up to Belle’s lips. He caught the back of her hair and turned her open mouth towards Jill. Not needing a written invitation Jill in turn placed her mouth on Belle’s while Rick pushed the bottle between them. Water splashed into their mouths, spilling and dribbling down between their breasts as they alternately drank and kissed.

With the bottle empty Rick tossed it aside. He maintained his grip on Belle with one hand while pulling down his zipper with his other. The women caught the move from the corner of their eyes, but remained focused on exploring each other’s mouth.

Rick freed his cock, sliding it in between the two of them. They eagerly accepted him into their embrace.

From either side the women worked Rick’s shaft, letting their tongues slip over or below, nearly giggling when their tongues happened to meet. Rick groaned and grabbed Jill’s hair with his free hand. He doubted he’d last long with these two vixens working him.

Catching Belle’s eye, Jill glanced at the head of Rick’s engorged member. Belle took the hint and moved to lash the head with her tongue. Jill moved the other direction, flicking at the base with the occasional taste of his balls.

The one two punch was simply too much for the man. He pulled back, releasing his hold on Jill. Catching his cock in his hand he aimed it at their chests, showering the women with his jizz. “Oh fuck, that was amazing,” Rick said as he stepped back.

The two women looked at one another, their captor’s semen sliding down their chests. They broke into a storm of giggles.

“My little kittens think they’re funny,” Rick asked as he tucked away his spent member. “Well, let’s see you clean each other up like good kittens do.”

Belle looked uncertainly at Jill. But Jill’s eyes were dancing with delight. She picked a spot just above Belle’s breast. Leaning in, she ran her tongue over the exposed flesh. Belle shuddered at the touch. At that moment she would have given anything to have that tongue on her aching pussy.

Jill worked diligently to clean Rick’s seed from her friend’s chest. She knew that if her hands weren’t tied she’d have pinned Belle to the ground and taken full advantage of the poor girl. She could feel the heat rising off Belle’s body.

By the time Jill was finished it was all Belle could do not to bite into the other woman’s flesh as she lowered her mouth. She wanted Jill so bad! Having lost her top early in the game left Jill’s breasts fully exposed. Belle took full advantage, interrupting her cleaning duties to suck Jill’s nipples until they were rock hard.

Rick leaned against a tree and watched the show with rapt attention. He and Jill had been lovers for years, but he felt no jealousy towards their new rope mate- well, as long as he got to watch the show. He shifted slightly. Though not ready to join the battle his cock was certainly answering the call of duty.

Watching Jill drift into her own headspace as Belle worked her prompted Rick to action. He was afraid that if he let the two go on for much longer they would be too spent to play. And he was really enjoying the game.

“Okay kittens, it’s back to the jungle for you,” Rick said. He knelt down to untie Jill’s wrists first. She immediately launched herself at Belle, wrapping her in an embrace. Rick caught her by the hair and dragged her back. Ignoring her cry of protest he said, “Hey, tiger girl, save some energy for later-you’re gonna need it.”

The pain brought Jill back to herself. “Ow! Boy you really can be a prick sometimes,” she said as she looked accusingly at Rick. But she knew he was right. She saw the way Belle reacted to being hunted. It was only a game, but Belle’s whole body language said she had the wary fear of a wild animal when Rick pursued them. It was a heady thing to watch and it made Jill want to protect her.

Belle swallowed hard as the paintball mask went back on. She wasn’t sure why the mask freaked her out. Was it the narrowed vision? Or the fact that with her hands wrapped she couldn’t remove it. All she knew for certain was that once it was on she wanted to run-run and hide.

With the ropes off and their masks back on they were ready to go. Rick told them they had the same five minute head start that he’d given them in the first round. He picked up the paintball gun and gestured towards the path. “Remember, the first one out gets ‘special’ treatment,” he said with a suggestive leer.

Jill, naked except for the socks taped on her hands and the mask that hid her face, started up the path at a jog. Belle followed, her eyes fixed on the bounce of Jill’s ass and the tail that was anchored in her butthole.

It felt strange to Belle to have the bottom of her bikini missing while she kept her top. It did make movement a bit easier, as the thong was no longer pressing on her own butt plug. She was almost used to the strange feeling of fullness it gave her. She wondered what it would be like to have vaginal sex while the plug was in place.

Halfway up the island Jill stopped in a small clearing. There were narrow paths leading to the east and west beaches. Sweat ran down her chest, making her skin glisten. Belle admired the rise and fall of her friend’s breasts.

“Running’s no good,” Jill huffed. “He’ll just corner us again.”

“What else can we do?” asked Belle plaintively. “You’re on your last hit. If he gets you again it’s back to camp for his ‘special treatment’.”

“What if we attack him?”

Belle looked questioningly at Jill. “What will that do?”

“Look, you hide in that side path,” Jill said with growing excitement. “I’ll pop up on the main path to get his attention. When I do you shove him from behind. Then I’ll charge in and we both jump on him. With the two of us sitting on him we’ll tell him he’s been mauled by vicious jungle cats and we get to devour his body.”

Jill was nearly dancing with excitement at the idea. She loved being Rick’s submissive. But the idea of getting the better of him thrilled her. Her enthusiasm infected Belle. “That might work,” she said excitedly. “Let’s do it!”

Belle moved to her spot on the side trail, tucking herself in tight to the brush. When Rick was in the clearing Jill would signal her appearance with a cat cry. Then Belle would strike.

Rick moved carefully down the path. He kept an ear cocked for the sound of anyone moving through the woods, hoping to slip past him. Had there been a recent rainfall he could have looked for the women’s footprints in the sand. But the path had been trodden too many times to see anything in the soft sand.

Belle heard the sound of Rick’s approach. Her mouth was dry and her heart was racing. It was only a game, so why did she feel terror? But that wasn’t the only emotion coursing through her body. The vision of her and Jill, sweat soaked and naked, tussling with Rick stirred a feeling between her legs. She ached to rub her balled fist against it.

There was an animalistic screech, followed by the hissing pop of Rick’s gun. Belle popped up from her hiding spot to see Rick breaking into a sprint in pursuit of Jill. She dug her feet into the sand and sprinted after him.

Belle realized that shoving Rick when he was running was impossible. Their plan was going to hell and Jill was going to pay the price. In desperation she lunged forward, throwing her arms around his waist. The two of them crashed to the ground.

Rick felt his teeth rattle as the sand rushed up to meet him. The paintball gun was still in his grip but he was pinned to the ground. Twisting his body Rick was shocked to see Belle clinging fiercely to him. He was about to drop the gun and fully engage her when he saw Jill rushing towards him.

With one hand he reached up and grabbed Belle’s bikini top. He used his grip to push her up and away from him. The other hand pointed the gun in Jill’s general direction. “Crazy bitches,” he snarled as he squeezed the trigger.

Jill saw the two struggling on the ground as she rushed forward. Belle was too petite to pin Rick on her own. Jill had to help. She was within five feet when her head snapped back, her vision going red. She staggered and fell to the ground.

Rick saw his girlfriend fall to the sand. “Shit,” he said as he dropped the gun. He pulled his hand back from Belle’s chest. Strings popped and the little bikini top ripped away in his unthinking grip. Crawling across the sand he reached Jill as she struggled to sit. The visor of her mask was splattered with red paint.

Belle watched in horror as Rick peeled the mask away from Jill’s face. What had she done? As Jill’s head was raised she mumbled, “What the hell was that?”

“That was why you wear a mask,” Rick said. “You got donked while I was wrestling with our little she-cat here.” He gestured to Belle, only then realizing that he had the top to her bikini still in his hand. “Well, looks like I’ve collected another trophy in the bargain,” Rick said in a satisfied tone.

Belle got up and walked to Jill, her hair was askew, her body coated in sand from where she had rolled on the ground. She squatted down next to her friend. “Jill, I’m so sorry,” she said plaintively. “I couldn’t catch him once he started to run and I…”

Jill cut her off, gently pushing a loose strand of hair away from Belle’s leopard mask. “Not your fault, honey,” she said soothingly. “I saw you going all ‘warrior princess’ on his ass and rushed in to get in on the fun.” Jill got to her feet. “I’m fine now, really.”

Belle nodded in relief, glad the mask hid the tears welling up in her eyes.

“Well, I’m glad you’re not damaged,” Rick broke in. He pulled a coil of rope from his pocket. “Because I’ve got to get my trophy back to camp. His eyes traveled down Jill’s body, lingering over her pussy. “There’s a prize that I really want to add to my collection.”

Jill blushed in spite of herself. Following Rick’s commands she raised her hands as he tied the rope about her waist. He knotted it in the back, leading the free end down between her cheeks. Jill let out a surprised gasp as he wrapped the cord around the flange of her butt plug.

Rick passed the rope between Jill’s legs, stopping to tie several overhand knots in the line. The little moan from Jill as the line was laid across her pussy made him smile. He finished by pulling the rope up through the turns at her waist.

With his paintball gun in one hand and the rope end in the other Rick turned his attention to Belle. “Well, little leopard, I suggest you run and hide. Because when I’m finished giving this one,” he tugged on the rope, drawing a yelp from Jill, “her reward I’m going to hunt you down.”

Belle’s eyes were transfixed on the barrel of the paintball gun. She swallowed hard, a wave of anxiety rising in her chest. When Rick waved the gun at her and said, “Shoo,” she bolted up the path, running like the devil was on her heels.

Jill watched her go, admiring the cute backside with its spotted tail trailing out behind. A sudden pull on the rope jerked her attention back to Rick. He had said nothing, just started heading back down the island.

She had expected Rick to execute some elaborate bondage for their walk down the island. After all, how often did a man get the opportunity to lead a naked woman through the woods? But Jill soon discovered that with her hands still wrapped no extra rigging was needed. She could do nothing about the rope that threaded through her legs. Even gripping the lead was impossible.

 A tug on her “leash” would exert a pull on her butt plug as well as dragging the knots against her labia. The combination of sensations was intense, and Jill found herself lagging behind just so Rick would give her another tug.

By the time they got back to their impromptu camp Jill was dripping, and not just from sweat. When Rick took her in his arms and jammed his mouth against hers Jill wanted nothing more than to rip his clothes off.

“Oh fuuuk,” Jill moaned as Rick untied her crotch rope. She bit her lip as the knots pulled out of her, willing herself not to cum.

Rick went to the duffle bag and pulled out a black ball gag. It had an eye bolt set into it with a bell attached. “I think I know just the trick to catch our little leopard girl,” he said as he stepped up to Jill. “Open your mouth.”

Jill felt the hard rubber ball slide past her teeth. Lifting her hair, Rick buckled it securely behind her head. She watched as he picked up the discarded crotch rope. He gave it a sniff before saying, “Guess we’ll be doing some wash tonight.”

Pulling Jill’s hands in front of her Rick wrapped the rope around her wrists. He took more turns than usual, making a wide cuff. To this he added an additional rope as a second cinch. The free end of that he tossed over a nearby branch.

Jill’s hope for a much needed fuck was fading as she watched Rick take up the slack. She was dragged across the clearing until she stood directly beneath the tree. And still Rick pulled. Jill felt the strain on her arms as the rope tightened, forcing her up onto her toes. Only then did he tie off the line.

Rick walked slowly over to his captive. He playfully flicked the bell on her gag, smiling at the tinkling sound it made. “You have been a sneaky little bitch today,” he said as he dragged his hands down to her naked breasts. “You probably thought that you were coming back here for a little roll in the sand, but that’s not what you’re getting at all.” He caught her nipples in between finger and thumb, pulling until she whimpered.

Jill knew that she was in trouble. When Rick got like that he gave her what she wanted-but there was always a price to pay. The rough play on her nipples was sending conflicting signals of pain and pleasure to her brain. Jill could feel her body warming as she balanced on her toes.

“So let’s have a little behavior mod,” Rick said as he sauntered over to a palmetto bush. He took the hunting knife from his belt, using it to cut one of the palm’s branches. He stripped the leaves from the end before shaving the greenish bark.

Jill shook her head in a frantic ‘No’ that set the bell on her gag to jingling. The shrub was called the ‘saw palmetto’. It got its name from the saw tooth projections that guarded its long branches. Being hit with one would cut skin.

It was only when Jill saw Rick stripping off the nasty little teeth that she began to relax. What he intended would still hurt. But there wouldn’t be permanent damage. Jill chided herself for panicking. ‘Just another one of his head games,’ she thought ruefully.

Rick walked back to his prize, swinging his makeshift cane through the air. It made a fearsome “whoosh” sound with every pass. The sound sent a chill down Jill’s spine. He stopped before her, lightly running the tip of the cane up her legs. “Open your legs and show me your pussy,” he said quietly.

Jill knew better than to disobey. When Rick got quiet he was fully in his dom space. Letting her arms take up the strain she danced on her tiptoes, opening herself to him. She closed her eyes as the makeshift cane lightly dragged across her naked pussy.

Rick rubbed the cane along Jill’s slit, enjoying the anxious moan that escaped her gagged lips. “Hmm,” he mused as he saw the glistening wetness on its tip. “It’s almost like you’re enjoying this.”

It was the only warning Jill had before she got a quick tap of the cane on her clit. Rick’s aim was perfect, sending a jolt of electricity through her body. She danced away from the strike, keening through her gag. The rope on her wrists brought her up short.

Rick changed tactics quickly, bringing his switch around to strike the back of Jill’s thigh. “Back over here,” he said warningly. “I didn’t give you permission to move.”

The sting on her thigh drove Jill forward. The strike on her pussy hadn’t been that hard, just startling. She moved warily back into position before Rick, her toes digging into the sand. Jill suppressed a shudder as the cane slipped between her thighs.

Rick placed the cane halfway down her inner thigh. With a flick of his wrist it slapped the opposite leg. Smiling at Jill’s reaction he said. “I think you can get them further apart than that. Do you want me to help you?”

Jill bit down on the gag in frustration. She felt her shoulders once again taking the strain as she pushed her legs apart. She was almost toe standing like a ballerina before Rick was satisfied. Sweat stood out on her body.

“Much better,” Rick said. He began to flick the switch back and forth like a metronome, striking her thighs with each movement. Jill struggled to stay on her toes. When her legs began to close the cane shifted up, delivering a stinging blow to her sex.

Jill howled into her gag. She staggered, feeling her knees buckle beneath her. “Ello, ello,” came the garbled sounds from behind her gag. Although she wanted the game to go on, Rick’s current torture was simply too much.

Rick paused in his assault, waiting to see if Jill would need to be let down from the tree. When she regained her feet he decided she was safe. Trying to keep the scene going he said teasingly, “Not the fierce jungle cat anymore? Well perhaps there are other places we can stroke our kitten.”

Jill watched warily as Rick walked a slow circle around her. To her relief Rick no longer insisted on her spreading her legs. Her position was still stressful, but at least some of the strain was off her shoulders.

Rick stopped behind Jill. Once again he flicked his wrist, this time aiming for Jill’s backside. She yelped and jumped as the cane struck, but he could tell from the cry that it was not pushing her into the red zone. Jill had taken enough impact play on her ass that she was a joy to spank.

Jill lurched forward with each strike. She could feel her skin burning under Rick’s makeshift toy. He could drive her wild with a flogger, and his spankings were a painful treat. But this was the first time he’d used something so switchy.

In addition to the stinging burn, Rick’s blows were landing perilously close to Jill’s butt plug. It moved inside her with each strike sending messages of arousal to her brain, and the wetness between her legs said the message had been received.

Happy with the glowing pink skin on Jill’s ass, Rick sauntered around to the front of his captive. He jammed the end of his switch into the sand before unzipping his shorts. He pulled out his erect member. “Time to mount the trophy,” he smirked.

Jill was more than ready. The combination of teasing and pain was a heady concoction for her. The space between her legs was slick with her juices. Still on her toes, she leaned towards her captor.

Rick stepped in close, catching Jill’s left leg. He lifted it up, forcing her onto one foot. Pulling her up against her he let the head of his cock brush lightly against her folds. Jill tried to press forward, to welcome him inside her. But Rick held her leg firmly. He kept her at the perfect distance as he teased her with his erection.

Jill whimpered, shaking her head in frustration. The bell on her gag let out a merry jingle in counterpoint to her growing need. “Eese,” she begged, the word allowing a stream of saliva to escape her mouth, dribbling down her chest.

“Well as long as you asked so nicely,” Rick said condescendingly. Jill let out a squeak of surprise as he caught her other leg. He pulled, lifting her off the ground. Her shoulders complained anew as they took up the strain. But that pain was lost as Rick slid his cock inside her.

Rick slowly slid the suspended woman down onto his shaft. He could feel the tightness brought on by the large butt plug. After giving Jill a moment to accommodate him he rocked his hips, slowly sliding her up and down his cock.

“Is this what you want, little jungle girl?” Jill heard him say. She moaned in pleasure, nodding her head. Having both her holes so completely filled was wondrous. Rick felt huge inside her. Her excitement grew as he increased his pace. The wet smacking sound of her riding his shaft and her moans of pleasure filled the clearing.

Belle stood on the path, uncertain of her next course of action. Should she hide and try to wait Rick out? Or sneak back to the beach in the hopes of reaching the boat? The idea of making her way back along the beach wearing only her mask and “tail” didn’t appeal to her either. One close encounter with other boaters was enough.

A distant shriek from Jill caught Belle’s attention. Rick was back at the clearing, no doubt enjoying his ‘trophy’. It gave her a sudden inspiration. If Rick was enjoying himself with Jill it would give Belle the perfect opportunity to slip past the clearing and get to the boat. She smiled beneath her mask and turned back towards the clearing.

Moving cautiously down the trail Belle could hear the swish of Rick’s cane and the distressed cries of Jill. ‘What the hell is he doing to her?’ she asked herself. Morbidly curious, she crept closer.

Squatting down behind a palmetto Belle eyed the scene. Jill was suspended from a branch, dancing away from the stick Rick was using on her. Belle’s eyes widened as she saw the glowing stripes on Jill’s backside.

The scene played out, Rick lifting Jill from the ground, teasing and finally entering her. Belle, captivated by the sight of the two lovers remained where she was. Of its own volition one tape wrapped fist slid down between her legs.

“Our little Belle is watching us,” Rick hissed in Jill’s ear. It was the last thing Jill heard before she climaxed, the image of the two of them fucking while the other girl watch seared into her mind.

Belle came back to herself as Rick uncoupled from Jill. She pulled her hand away from her now wet mound, blushing behind her mask. To her dismay she had also squandered her best chance at getting to their boat. Frustrated and embarrassed she slunk away from the clearing.

Rick slipped out of Jill’s pussy before easing her back onto her feet. “Let’s give you a little break,” he said as he moved to the tree where Jill’s suspension was anchored. He slackened the line, allowing Jill to lower her arms. “Down on your knees, love. I’m not done with you yet.”

Jill gladly complied. She groaned as her arms came down. To be off her toes, to kneel on the soft sand was a welcome treat. She watched as Rick moved to the duffle bag before returning to her. He unbuckled her gag, pulling the ball from her mouth with a wet pop.

Rick tucked the gag in his pocket. He walked around Jill, positioning himself before her. His cock, its erection fading, still hung from his shorts. “Be a good kitten and clean me up,” he told her. “I want to be presentable when I catch our missing Belle.

Jill leaned in, going to work on Rick. She could taste their mingled juices as she licked his shaft. His cock struggled to life as she wrapped her tongue over its head. Rick returned the favor, reaching down to tease Jill’s nipples.

Satisfied with her work, Rick stepped back and tucked himself back into his shorts. Reaching into a pocket he retrieved a set of cloverleaf clamps joined with a silver chain. “Like I said-I’m not done with you yet.”

“Oh shit, no!” protested Jill as she shied away from the clamps. She was generally not opposed to nipple clamps but the cloverleaves were her least favorite. The little silver jaws latched onto her nipples and tightened with any tension on the chain.

“I can always string you back up by your arms and then put the clamps on,” Rick said as he dangled the clamps before her.

“Okay-but not too long, alright?”

“Only long enough to get our little leopard,” Rick said mildly. “Now stick out your tits like a good little slut.”

Jill closed her eyes as she thrust her chest forward. “Fuck,” she hissed as the first clamp went on. It gripped her hardened nipple and Jill realized why Rick had been playing with her tits. She gasped as the second clamp took hold. She breathed through the pain, the sharpness fading to a dull ache.

Rick gave each clamp a little tug, ensuring they wouldn’t slip. He smiled at the grimace that skittered across Jill’s face. Bending down he untied the rope that bound Jill’s wrists. But instead of discarding the rope he tied it to the chain that dangled between the clamps. “Rest time is over,” he said as he stood up.

Jill watched with growing concern as Rick crossed the clearing. “Oh shit,” she whispered as he took the free end of the rope and pulled. Jill scrambled to her feet as the chain was drawn upwards. “Rick, I don’t think-ah shit!” she exclaimed as the clamps began to bite anew. She moved until she was directly below the branch on which the rope ran.

“Toe time,” Rick said cheerfully as he drew on the rope. He watched as Jill went up on her toes. “Yellow! Yellow!” she cried as the tension increased. Rick backed off before tying off the rope. “Stay on your toes and they’ll hardly pull at all,” he instructed Jill. “But those rest breaks are going to be a bitch.”

Jill knew that Rick was right. As long as she stayed on her toes the clamps were firmly attached. But when she tired-as he knew she would, the clamps would start to bite. Jill knew in the end she would alternate between the two pains, never being completely free of either one. And with her hands still wrapped in tape and their sock coverings there was nothing she could do to escape the clamps’ bite.

Looking at Jill’s face Rick seemed to soften. “Now you know I wouldn’t leave you with nothing to distract you from your situation,” he said as he moved to the duffel. He pulled out another coil of rope, a vibrator and some duct tape. “Let’s have some fun,” he said with an evil grin.

Jill watched with trepidation as Rick tied one end of the rope to a branch opposite her. He led the rope across the small clearing stopping when he got to her. A series of knots were tied in the line before Rick passed it between Jill’s legs. Just opening her legs enough for the rope to pass through put pressure on her nipple clamps and she hissed in response.

Rick moved behind Jill, searching for a suitable attachment point for his rope. He found a stubby palmetto, its long branches green and springy. Being careful of its saw toothed edges he tied off the line.

Jill could feel the knots lightly pressing against her. They rested against her perineum, too far from her lips to do any real good. ‘What’s that supposed to do for me,’ she wondered. She saw Rick go for the vibrator and the tape. She wasn’t sure she liked where this was going.

Gauging the reach of his girlfriend Rick stopped. He switched on the bullet before laying it against the rope. The look on Jill’s face told him that the vibrations could be felt down the line. Tearing off a length of tape, he secured the throbbing toy to the rope.

“There,” Rick said with satisfaction. “That’s probably not enough to give you any kind of satisfaction. But you can increase the pressure by coming down off your toes. I doubt you’ll be able to cum with that alone but it’ll give you something to think about while I’m gone.

Satisfied with Jill’s predicament Rick bent to pick up his paintball gun. He brushed a bit of sand from the action then patted his cargo pockets to be certain he had enough rope. He was surprised at how much he was looking forward to using it on Belle. The discarded ball gag sat in the opposite pocket of his shorts. He almost dropped it back in the duffel, but thought better of it.

Leaning in to Jill he said, “How about a kiss for luck?”

“How about you take these off my nips,” was Jill’s tart reply. It proved to be a mistake. Rick caught the chain and drew her forward. “Don’t mistake good manners for softness,” he hissed. Jill’s arms flailed uselessly at the growing pain. “I’m sorry sir,” she gasped as she presented her mouth for a kiss.

Releasing his grip on the chain, Rick grabbed Jill by the hair. He drove his mouth onto hers in a harsh coupling. Jill’s hands flailed against him, protesting the rough treatment. When he’s had his fill Rick released his grip. “You wait right here and be patient,” he said unnecessarily. “When I catch our little Belle I’ll bring her back here and you can watch the show. He gave a quick tug on the clamps before he walked away, drawing a hiss from Jill.

“You’d better sleep with one eye open after this,” she growled.

Rick turned with a smirk on his face. “Well maybe I’ll have you sleep in the playroom until you’ve calmed down.” And then he was gone, threading his way up the path.

Jill watched him go with a mix of anger and desire. She hated these predicaments that he set for her. They were always an ‘either-or’ with no good solution. But at the far end of the torment there was always a reward. And Rick’s threat to leave her in their ‘playroom’ suggested some delightfully prolonged bondage sessions. The very thought made her want to rub her fist on her clit.

Belle had gone as far as her little side path before stopping. She backed into the little tunnel, ignoring the branches that dragged their tips across her naked backside. “Now what?” she muttered to herself.

Knowing that she had squandered her chance to reach the boat frustrated Belle. If only she hadn’t stopped to watch Rick and Jill. But it was such a hot scene that she couldn’t help herself. She looked down at the fluids drying on her leopard printed sock. A flush of shame colored her cheeks.

Belle shifted uneasily on the sand. The butt plug shifted, giving her a reminder of its presence. The sun warmed her naked back. She was tired. It was only a game, but the desire to win-and the fear of getting hit with another paintball created an anxiety that sapped her strength.

And after all it was just a game, Belle reminded herself. She could shout her safe word and end it anytime she wanted. But did she want to do that? The memory of Jill’s bound fucking made her unsure. What did it feel like to be strung up, balancing on your toes while teased by your captor?

Belle caught her hands sliding down between her legs once again. She pulled them back, realizing that there was a way to get the pleasure she wanted without going through all the pain. Well maybe not all the pain. Every recipe needed a little spice.

Rick walked slowly down the path, weapon at the ready. He fully expected Belle to try and sprint past him in her attempt to reach the boat. A breeze stirred, cooling the sweat that soaked his shirt. A rattle off to his left caused him to spin.

Wild bamboo clattered mockingly at him. It was an invasive species that would dominate the island unless removed. But today that wasn’t his problem. He might come back with some friends and take care of it when they did their routine island cleanup.

The words, “I surrender,” caused Rick to spin back towards the path. His gun jumped to firing position but his finger stayed off the trigger. Belle stood fifteen feet away, her hands up in a gesture of defeat.

“Don’t shoot! I give up,” she cried. Rick couldn’t read her expression behind the mask. But the tone of her voice suggested this was no subterfuge. Sand clung to her knees. Her breasts glistened with sweat as the heat of the day kicked in. And between her legs dangled her fuzzy tail, matted with sticks and leaves.

“Down on your hands and knees, leopard girl,” Rick commanded. He gestured with the barrel of the gun, the threat implicit.

Belle suppressed the impulse to run. Was Rick going to shoot her after all? Keeping her hands up Belle lowered herself to the ground. When the gun stayed silent she dropped her hands, going to all fours. “Now crawl to me,” she heard him say.

Unsure if she’d heard correctly Belle looked up at Rick. The paintball gun was cradled in his arms, a predatory gleam in his eyes. He shifted the gun slightly. “Crawl, I said.” There was no doubt as to what he wanted. And Belle was sure there’d be consequences if he didn’t get it. She lowered her head and began to crawl.

Rick watched the naked girl as she moved towards him. He eyed the tail dangling from her ass with delight. ‘God, what a sight,’ he thought. When her head reached his boots he ordered her to stop. “Now get on your knees,” he commanded.

Belle raised herself up. The coarse sand ground into her knees. She sat, unmoving as Rick pulled off her mask. A sigh of relief escaped her. The mask had been necessary protection, but it was hot and stuffy. But now Belle was kneeling at the level of his crotch and she could see the bulge in his shorts. Did he want that? Was he going to use her mouth right there on the trail?

Rick seemed to read her mind. He set down the paintball gun. “Not yet, little one,” he said as he pulled a coil of rope from his pocket. Leaning down, Rick looped the rope around Belle’s neck. “Think how much better it will be when Jill can watch us.”

Belle’s jaw dropped at the suggestion. She hardly noticed as Rick tied off the rope at her throat. Would Rick really do that in front of Jill? It had been the three of them playing together before. But for Rick to take her right in front of his girlfriend? Jill would surely hate her.

Rick enjoyed watching the play of emotions on Belle’s face. He said nothing more, letting the suggestion fuck with her mind. Instead he tied the free end of Belle’s makeshift leash to a nearby bush. He’d had a sudden inspiration for how he wanted to lead his prize back to camp and he didn’t want her sneaking off.

Belle watched as Rick stalked off. He’d left his paintball gun on the ground. If she had fingers she could grab the gun and shoot him when he came back for her. The idea both amused and frustrated her. She looked at her wrapped hands. She most definitely didn’t have fingers. Even the simple knot that tethered her to the bush was beyond her capabilities.

The sounds of breaking branches down the trail told Belle that Rick hadn’t gone far. She waited anxiously, shifting about, uncertain as to what would come next.

Her breath caught in her throat when Rick reappeared. He was carrying a length of bamboo in one hand. Was he going to beat her with that? Belle shied away involuntarily.

Rick was puzzled at first by Belle’s reaction, then the light dawned. “Don’t worry,” he said as he stepped around her. “This isn’t for your pretty little ass.” He pulled a length of rope from his pocket, glad that he’d brought extra. “Hold up your arm,” he instructed.

Belle held out her hand as she was told, relieved that she wasn’t about to be beaten. She watched curiously as Rick lashed her wrist to the bamboo. He pressed the wood against her shoulders, forcing her arm out to the side. After that he began to wrap the cord around her arm, moving up towards her shoulder.

Rick continued his tie, wrapping the rope around the bamboo until he reached the center of Belle’s spine. He led the rope up to her neck, tucking it through the rope tied around her neck before going back down to the bamboo pole. Only then did he address her other arm, wrapping the rope to bind her arm to it. He finished by tying it off at her wrist.

Belle had never seen anything like the bondage she was now in. It forced her arms back, bringing her breasts forward. She quickly discovered that if she tried to slide the pole down off her shoulders that the rope at her throat tightened. “Uh, that’s-intense,” she said nervously.

“And almost perfect,” Rick said as he drew the ball gag from his pocket. “Jill used it before you but I don’t think you’ll mind.” He leaned over her shoulder. “Open up, jungle girl.”

Belle eyed the ball for a moment before opening her mouth. The hard rubber pushed in past her teeth, the bell on it tinkling softly. She gave a little grunt of protest as Rick tightened down the straps. When finished, Rick flicked the bell with a finger, causing it to jingle. “A bell for our Belle,” he laughed.

Rick untied her leash from the bush. He helped Belle to her feet before picking up his gun. He reached out, gently stroking Belle’s chin. “You are just too fucking beautiful,” he said as he dragged his fingers down her neck. They slipped past the ropes there and continued down to her breasts.

Belle sucked in a breath as Rick’s fingers stroked her nipple. She wanted to pull back from his touch, but she feared that that would just feed the predator inside him, like a cat that sees the mouse struggling to flee. She closed her eyes, letting him tease her into arousal.

Rick toyed with her until her nipples were rock hard. Drawing his hand away he delivered a light slap to each breast in rapid succession. The way Belle’s eyes snapped open, the muffled shriek brought a harsh smile to his lips. “Let’s get back where we can have some real fun,” he said in a husky voice.

“Fuuuck,” Jill groaned as her left calf cramped. She gritted her teeth, preparing herself for what came next. Slowly she eased her feet down onto the sand. She watched as the rope to her clamps tightened, felt the burn as the clamps bit into her super sensitive nubs. A long wordless moan escaped her lips.

How many times had she been through this? Jill had lost count. The first time her legs succumbed to their fatigue she had waited until the last possible moment, with her legs trembling beneath her. That had been a horrible mistake. Giving in to the fatigue she had dropped down on her heels, causing the nipple clamps to jerk at her tortured nipples. ‘They probably heard that back at the marina,’ she thought ruefully.

Jill had even tried using her tape wrapped hands to remove the clamps. Carefully positioning one of the clamps between her fists she tried to press the release. But the clamp had slipped as she applied pressure, twisting sideways and tweaking her nipple viciously. The pain had brought tears to her eyes.

Not for the first time in their relationship Jill asked herself why Ricks ‘predicaments’ turned her on so. Any one of her co-workers would be stunned to see her naked in the woods, a plug up her ass and tied to a tree by her nipples. But for all the discomfort she could also feel the wetness between her thighs, the anticipation of what came next.

The rope hummed between her thighs. It was a tease that left her with nothing but frustration. Using her taped up fist Jill knuckled her clit. She shimmied back and forth on the knots in the line hoping to find that magic mix that would get her off. She even tried to hook the rope with her useless hands to pull it up into her. It was no use.

The cramp in her leg faded. Jill’s nipples were getting numb from the pull. “Here we go again,” she sighed as she levered herself up onto her toes.

Belle stumbled down the path. Walking with her arms lashed to the bamboo seemed to throw off her equilibrium. Plus, she had to avoid catching the ends of the wood on passing branches. Several times she had caught a bush, pulling her body suddenly off the path.

She also had to remember to keep her arms up. Even though her arms were firmly bound to the bamboo, if Belle let her shoulders slouch it pulled at the ropes around her throat. It was a persistently harsh reminder of good posture.

Rick stole glances over his shoulder of the naked girl he led through the woods. Her brown curls were matted with sweat. Her breasts thrust forward provocatively. But perhaps the most exciting was the look in her eyes. Those deep brown eyes with their flecks of green were wide and staring with what-fear or anticipation? It made him want to take her right there on the path.

Exhausted, Jill struggled up onto her toes once more. Her calves ached, her nipples burned and her pussy was on fire with need. She’d tried every trick she could think of to get herself off, but even rubbing her fist over her sex didn’t give her the push she needed.

A groan escaped her as the clamps eased slightly. She knew she wouldn’t last long. In fact each time up on her toes or down on the balls of her feet had gotten shorter. Her tolerance was fading. And in the back of her mind the dark voices were whispering the things that she knew were lies. ‘What if he’s not coming back?’ they whispered. ‘What if the new girl is all he needs?’ They were lies, but in her dark exhaustion they seemed at least possible.

Off to her right a bell tinkled. The sound tolled across Jill’s dark thoughts like the ringing of a church bell. She turned her head to see Belle being led into the clearing. Her eyes widened at the sight. Belle’s arms were held wide apart, as if she were about to embrace a long lost friend. Her chest was thrust forward, showing her delights in all their naked glory. Jill, her aches forgotten licked dry lips.

“Hey Honey, look what followed me home-can I keep it?” Rick said cheerfully.

“Uh,” Jill grunted as she felt the tug on her nipples once again. “You’d have to feed and water her,” she said, joining the banter. “And you know you’re always cruel to your pets.”

“You got that right,” Rick growled. He gave a tug on Belle’s leash, pulling her towards the tortured Jill. Guiding the new captive towards Jill he pushed Belle into place behind her, lifting her up so she could straddle the rope that ran between Jill’s legs.

Jill felt Belle’s breasts press into her back, felt her breath on the back of her neck. “I promised our Belle a prize for being a good kitten,” Rick said. He passed the end of Belle’s leash over Jill’s shoulder before bringing it across her throat. A second turn around the necks of the two women found them securely lashed together. “Keep an eye on her while I set some things up, will you?”

Belle pressed her body in close against Jill. She could feel the sweat coating Jill’s body. There was a tension in her frame that Belle didn’t comprehend.

She twisted her head so she could look over Jill’s shoulder. From there Belle could see the clamps crushing the other woman’s nipples. Shock registered on her face as she realized the torment Jill was suffering, and she knew that at the moment she was dragging Jill down, helping to stretch her nipples even more.

Jill could feel Belle raise up behind her. The relief of getting back on her toes was augmented by the feel of Belle’s breasts pushing into her back. “Oh God, thanks,” she breathed. She reached back, letting her taped fists run along Belle’s naked thighs.

Rick went to his duffel bag and searched the jumble inside. He pulled out a mallet and a bag of tent stakes. Laying out a beach towel for reference he began to pound the stakes into the sand. Two went in widely spaced at the base of the towel. A third was centered above the towel. He returned the remaining staked to the bag, idly wondering if he’d remember to put them back with their camping gear before their next campout.

After dropping some rope by the towel Rick turned his attention to the bound women. Jill had collapsed back onto her heels. Belle was gamely trying to hold her up. It was cute and hot and desperate. “I’m afraid I’ll have to take your rope buddy for a few minutes,” he told Jill.

“Don’t worry, you can have her when I’m done,” Rick said. He lifted Belle once again, pulling her off the crotch rope. Her leg dragged it down towards the ground. When she had passed over it the rope snapped back up between Jill’s thighs. A yelp escaped Jill as the knots slapped her.

Belle found herself led to the towel. The stakes and ropes told her everything she needed to know. Rick was going to spread her wide and fuck her, right in front of his girlfriend! Yes he’d taken her at their dinner party. But that had been the three of them all playing together. What would Jill think of her after watching that? Would she hate Belle? The thought terrified her.

Rick lowered Belle onto her back. The bamboo pole pressed hard against her shoulders. Belle had assumed that the tent stake at the top of the towel was to tie her hands over her head. But Rick led the free end of her leash to the stake, tying it off.

Moving to her feet, Rick pushed her leg to the side before lashing it to the tent stake. Catching Belle’s other ankle he pulled her wide apart, stopping only when she moaned in protest. He eased up only slightly before securing that leg to its stake.

Belle lay on the ground, arms and legs splayed out like a starfish on the beach. The cords around her neck were just tight enough to keep her from raising her head. Her arms remained out to either side, bound to the bamboo pole. Her legs were pushed so far apart that she thought her pubic bone might split. She could not possibly be more open and available to her captor.

Pleased with his work, Rick ran a hand up the inside of Belle’s thigh, stopping just short of her sex. “Are you ready for some fun, jungle girl?” he asked quietly. “Let me just check to make sure our audience has a good view. Wouldn’t want her to miss her friend getting totally fucked.”

Belle trembled at Rick’s quiet threat. She squinted against the sun, watching as Rick stalked over to Jill. He stopped only to loosen the line attached to Jill’s nipple clamps. It allowed her to drop down off her toes with only the slightest pressure on her tortured nubs. Belle saw them speaking, watched as Rick slipped an arm around her waist before slipping his fingers past Jill’s crotch rope. Belle felt the dripping wetness build between her legs.

Rick stepped back from Jill, turning his gaze back to his splayed trophy. He caught up the palmetto branch that he had used to flog Jill. Belle’s eyes widened as he approached with it. Rick had pulled the knife from its sheath and was sharpening one end of the stick to a point.

Belle lay still, frozen in place as Rick loomed over her. She felt the sharpened tip press lightly at the base of her throat. Should she safeword? What was he going to do to her? She dared not even move.

Rick smiled at the terror in Belle’s eyes. He dragged the point lazily down Belle’s chest, detouring to circle each breast. The point left a little pink trail across her skin that quickly faded. “You see Belle,” Rick said casually. “Jill and I set the parameters of our scenes. But she always allows me the freedom to play within those boundaries.” He dragged the tip of the stick over her breast, pressing the point against her nipple. He smiled at the little whimper that escaped Belle’s gag.

“So the question becomes, ‘What will this evil man do to me?’ and it’s up to you to wait and see.” He moved the point to her other nipple. “Are we still green?” he asked as he teased her. When she nodded Rick smiled. “Then close your eyes and enjoy the ride.”

Belle shut her eyes. She tried to slow the hammering in her chest. Had she really just given Rick the green light to abuse her body? Her nipples tingled where he pricked them, and now she could feel the sharp point moving down over her stomach. She knew it was only a sharpened stick, but her body told her that it was the sharpest, hottest tool in some medieval torture chamber.

When the point dragged across her labia Belle nearly screamed. She flinched involuntarily, bringing the rope tight against her throat in silent rebuke. Sweat broke out over her body as Rick went down one side and up the other. Eyes clenched shut, Belle tried to stem the trembling in her limbs.

Rick raised the stick, flipping it about in his hands. He leaned over Belle, laying the whittled branch along her pussy. With the touch of a violinist drawing his bow across the strings Rick gently stroked Belle’s pussy.

Belle’s nerves lit up like a Christmas tree. Primed by the terror of the sharp tip, the arousal rushed it to fill her with heat and longing. She could feel the easy slide between her wet lips, the gentle pressure against her clit. It didn’t matter whether it was a stick, Rick’s finger or his cock. It felt heavenly.

There was a sudden jolt that rocked Belle’s body. It felt like a bolt of electricity had hit her pussy, and it made her buck in her restraints. In the midst of teasing her Rick had drawn back and flicked the end of the stick against her clit. She howled against her gag, eyes open wide in shock.

Rick tapped her button, sending shock waves through Belle’s body. The bell on her gag jingled frantically as she shook her head in a vehement ‘NO’. But she didn’t utter her safe word. Glancing over at Jill, he saw her desperately mashing her fist into her own pussy.

“Jill, get your hands out of there,” he said warningly. “Or you’ll get no treats. Put your hands behind your head and keep them there.” Chastened by Rick’s words, Jill hurried to comply. She wasn’t sure if she wanted to be in Rick’s place or Belle’s. But she knew watching it was driving her mad.

Rick ended his assault on Belle’s sex. Her body was sending so many conflicting messages of pain and arousal that she couldn’t process them all. She simply lay there, trembling, aching, needing.

She watched as Rick unzipped his pants. He pulled out his cock, engorged and swollen. He pulled a packet from his pocket, tearing it open. A little sigh escaped him as he rolled the condom down his shaft.

Belle’s pussy burned from its recent spanking. Her body was coated with a sheen of sweat and the ropes at her throat threatened to choke her. But as Rick lowered himself onto her none of that mattered.

Jill watched as her lover slipped his cock into her friend. Her own pussy throbbed with excitement as he slowly pressed into Belle. She could well imagine that Belle was now learning that her anal plug, small as it was, gave her a feeling of being filled up with Rick inside her.

Belle closed her eyes as Rick slid inside her. ‘God, he’s big,’ she thought. ‘Was he like this last time?’ She couldn’t remember. It was actually hard to think. She felt him coming down on her, driving her hips into the ground. It pressed the butt plug into her with every thrust, giving her the bizarre notion that she was having not one, but two men fucking her as she lay helpless on the ground.

Jill kept her hands firmly behind her head as instructed, but the need to touch herself gnawed at her psyche. She eased herself down onto the knotted rope she straddled. It increased the pull on her nipples again, but she didn’t care.

Belle’s cry of pleasure as she climaxed was muffled by her gag. Her voice was cut short as she arched her back and the ropes tugged at her throat. But Rick was relentless, pumping her dripping sex, riding his own erection even after he had cum. He pushed Belle until she came for him again, leaving her spent.

Rick pulled out, tucking his shrinking member back in shorts that were splattered with Belle’s juices. He moved quickly to remove the ropes from Belle’s ankles. Untying her leash from the stake he sat her up and removed her gag.

Belle gulped huge breaths of air. “Water,” she croaked hoarsely. When Rick held a bottle to her lips she greedily sucked it dry. “Ah, thank you. That was-something,” she said in a tired voice.

“And poor Jill was forced to stand there and watch the whole thing,” Rick said in mock sympathy. “Don’t you think we should do something to make it up to her?”

Belle looked over at Jill. The other woman looked flushed. But Belle couldn’t tell if she was excited at the recent spectacle or angry. “I-I guess you could take those clamps off,” was Belle’s hesitant reply.

“I’ve got a better idea,” Rick said as he helped Belle to her feet. He caught hold of her arm, still bound to its bamboo pole. “Come with me.”

Led across the clearing by her leash, Belle stood alongside Jill. “Are you okay?” Belle asked timidly.

“I’m ready to fucking explode, darling,” was the husky response.

Proving how well he knew her, Rick untied the rope that ran between Jill’s thighs, letting it drop to the sand. Returning to the two women he pressed a hand on Belle’s shoulder. “On your knees, leopard girl.”

“I promised you a treat,” he told Jill as he guided Belle until she was facing her. Taking up Belle’s leash he pulled it between Jill’s legs. “Hands behind your back, Jill honey.” Jill, seeing where events were leading hurried to comply. “This will give you two something to do while I pack up the boat.” He stepped around behind Jill before tying Belle’s leash to Jill’s crossed wrists.

Belle found herself kneeling before her friend with her face almost touching the neatly shaved pussy. She leaned back, trying to see Jill’s face.

“Ahh!” Jill exclaimed as Belle pulled back. The rope ran across the flange of Jill’s butt plug. Belle’s attempt to create space between them resulted in the rope tightening about her throat and shifting the plug lodged inside Jill.

Jill’s cry did not go unnoticed by Rick. He stepped up behind Jill with the now well used ball gag. “I’d forgotten how vocal you could be when you’re having fun,” he said as he held the ball before her mouth. “Open up.”

“Oh, come on!” Jill protested. “I promise I’ll be quiet.”

“And I promise you won’t be,” Rick replied as he pushed the ball against her lips. “But if you want me to play rough…”

Jill opened her mouth with a sigh. There really was no way to dissuade Rick when he was in his dom zone. Besides, she could feel Belle’s hot breath on her pussy. The sooner she was gagged the sooner Rick would let them play.

Belle waited nervously for the lovers to have their play. She could see the glistening moisture on Jill’s labia, could smell the musky scent of her arousal. Her experience with other women was essentially non-existent and she desperately wanted to get things right. “Jill, I’ve never done-ungh!” Belle’s face was dragged into Jill’s pussy by the rope around her throat, cutting her off mid sentence.

Jill couldn’t wait for her newbie friend to talk things through. Her words blew gently across Jill’s sex, driving her to distraction. She jerked her bound hands back, pulling Belle’s face onto her. ‘You’ll figure it out, sweetie,’ she thought as Belle’s mouth found her clit.

Rick watched the two girls over his shoulder as he packed up their gear. He’d known since their first encounter that Jill had a thing for their new found friend. He didn’t mind, so long as he got in on the fun. And watching Jill pulling Belle down onto her was definitely his kind of fun.

Jill held Belle in place until she felt the girl cease struggling against her. A low growl escaped her as Belle’s tongue found the sweet spots. Knowing the price she would pay Jill opened her legs wider. It lowered her stance and increased the tension on her clamped nipples. The flare of pain, coupled with Belle’s delicate touch pushed Jill into a screaming orgasm that was only partially muffled by her gag.

Belle struggled to breathe as Jill bucked against her. The cords around her throat tightened as Jill held Belle’s face to her sex. With her face buried in Jill’s naked flesh Belle fought for each breath. Relief came only when Jill had climaxed. Belle was able to draw back slightly, sucking in gulps of air. Above her she could hear Jill's gagged moans of “ho od, ho od.”

Her need met, Jill closed her legs. A little sigh of relief escaped her as the nipple clamps eased their grip. Jill tried hard not to think about Belle’s labored breathing, or the effect each of her exhalations had as it blew across her wet pussy. They both needed some recovery time.

Belle rolled her shoulders, trying to ease the strain of her bondage. There were none of the pins and needles suggesting her circulation was compromised. It was simply the strain of having her arms held out from her body. She gently leaned her forehead against Jill’s belly.

A sudden sharp sting across her naked bottom made Belle jump. Unbeknownst to her Rick had crept up behind her, shaved branch in hand. He laid it smartly across Belle’s backside.

“Nobody told you to stop, leopard girl,” he chided her. “Our Jill has at least one more O in her. I suggest you bring it out.” When Belle hesitated, a second blow to her cheeks propelled her forward.

Belle’s skin burned where Rick had struck her. In a panic she roughly pushed her face into Jill’s crotch. Her tongue began frantically lashing Jill’s clit.

“That’s more like it,” Rick said with satisfaction. He sauntered around the bound women, giving Jill a warning tap with his makeshift cane. “Don’t make our little girl’s life difficult, darling. Spread your legs nice and wide for her.”

Jill bit down on the gag as she followed Rick’s command. The nipple clamps began squeezing her tender buds once again. This time she wasn’t anywhere near to climax. It was only the pain.

Belle worked frantically to bring some arousal to her friend. She opened her mouth and sucked on Jill’s clit, feeling the other woman shudder at the touch. A spot of wetness appeared on Belle’s forehead. She glanced up to see a thin strand of saliva running from the corner of Jill’s mouth.

Rick walked a circle around the two women enjoying the show. He gave Jill a couple of quick strikes with his makeshift switch, causing her to jump. He could feel himself getting hard all over again.

A quick glance at the westering sun told him he wouldn’t have time to satisfy himself. With a sigh of regret Rick turned his attention to returning their gear to the boat.

Belle’s mouth was tired. She worked slavishly to arouse her captive friend, knowing that it was the only path forward for them. The alternative was more of Rick’s harsh attention. Her diligence was rewarded when Jill’s whimpers of discomfort turned to gentle moans.

Jill felt the blessed oasis of desire open up in the desert of discomfort. She winced as she opened her legs to Belle’s attention, trying to ignore the increased bite of her nipple clamps. As her hunger grew she pulled her hands back, pulling Belle’s mouth hard against her.

Belle, her face mashed against Jill’s sex, struggled for air. Her efforts to turn her face away seemed to drive Jill wild. The leash about her neck bit into her skin as the bound woman dragged Belle back to her task.

Even though she was gagged, Rick could tell that Jill had a killer climax. He finished his preparations on the pontoon boat and returned to his charges.

Jill staggered against her kneeling friend, exhausted by her orgasm. Belle, just as helplessly bound, used her body as support. Fortunately for both of them Rick appeared at their side. Within minutes he had both women freed, butt plugs removed and stowed for cleaning.

The girls sat naked on the warm sand, cuddling one another as they each guzzled a sports drink. Jill eyed Rick warily as he approached with their cover-ups in hand.

“The gear’s all packed,” he said as he tossed the clothing to them. “So as soon as you’re dressed we can get underway.”

Jill shook out her cover-up before looking sharply at Rick. “Where’s our suits?” she demanded.

“Well, Belle’s got torn if you recall. And I don’t think that it’d be fair for one to wear a bathing suit when the other couldn’t. Besides, those are called cover-ups, aren’t they?” He walked away before Jill could frame a response.

“I’m sorry, Jill,” Belle said quietly.

Jill snorted. “Not your fault, sweetie. Rick is still in his dom space.” She stood up, brushing the sand from her body. “If it wasn’t that it’d be something else. He just wants to toy with us a little longer.” She slipped the cover-up over her head before settling it in place.

Belle followed Jill’s example. She eyed the result dubiously. The sexy open mesh cover-up had been perfect with the skimpy bikini. Without it the mesh left little to the imagination. Belle looked at Jill and saw her abused nipples poking boldly through the mesh. “Everyone’s going to see we’re naked,” she moaned.

“Not if we’re smart,” Jill replied with determination. “When we get to the dock we move quickly-but no running. We keep our distance from anyone and head straight for the car. If we have to pass somebody we turn away so they only see our backs. Got it?”

Belle nodded doubtfully. Further discussion was interrupted by a shout from Rick.

“Let’s go ladies. Don’t want to be hit with a late fee!”

The two friends hurried down to the shore. The breeze had picked up and the boat rocked against the sand. Rick stood waiting, white roped dangling from one hand. “Ready to load up?”

Jill saw the ropes and sighed. “I think we’re done for the day, hon. We’re already going to have to run the gauntlet half naked. Being tied goes beyond what I’m willing to do.”

A cloud of disappointment crossed Rick’s face. “It’s only for the ride back,” he argued. “Besides, you’re both hunting trophies now so you don’t really get a say.”

The girls eyed him dubiously. “Just for the ride back?” Jill repeated warily.

“I promise the ropes come off five hundred yards from the dock. Then you can be ready to hop off the boat when we hit the dock.” Rick made a spinning motion with his hand. “Now be a good little kitten and turn around.”

Jill rolled her eyes, but turned her back to him. Rick stepped in close, catching her wrists. He quickly bound them behind her back. Once bound Jill was spun about quickly. Rick buried his hands in her hair before pulling her in for a lingering kiss.

Watching the lovers made Belle blush. She turned away, looking out at the blue green waters. Here and there whitecaps appeared, driven by the afternoon breeze.

A little gasp escaped Belle’s lips as she felt her hands pulled behind her back. She pulled away, more reaction than intention. Her reward was a slap on her mostly naked backside. Belle let out a yelp, but pushed her hands back. The ropes quickly encircled her wrists, pinning them together.

The trio stepped into the shallow water. Rick assisted each woman in turn as they stepped up onto the deck. After joining them he gestured towards the front of the boat. “This way ladies,” he said with a grand sweep of his hand.

The bow of the boat had bench seating along the sides. But there were two captain’s chairs on shining chrome pedestals in the center. Belle approached the first chair and froze. Jill stepped up beside her and exclaimed, “Are you shitting me?”

In the center of each seat was a fleshy pink dildo. They were secured to the cushions with thickly applied duct tape. The head of each toy glistened with lube in the afternoon sun.

“Oh hell no!” Jill protested.

Rick took hold of her arms. “Oh hell yes,” he laughed. “You can either climb on yourself or I’ll pick you up and drop you on it.” He paused and gave Jill a wicked look. “Of course, I might get the wrong hole.”

It looked like Jill was about to balk when Belle spoke up. “I-I’ll do it,” she said quietly.

“There you go,” Rick said happily. “The newbie showing Mama how it’s done!” He stepped to Belle, guiding her to place a foot on the step rail at the column’s base.

Belle swallowed the lump in her throat as she spread her legs. Cold lube brushed her labia as she lowered herself onto the toy. “Ahh,” she gasped as her cheeks rested on the seat and the phallus slipped deep inside her.

Jill gave Rick a withering look but followed her friend’s example. She winced as the dildo slid inside her, her lips swollen from all they had been through.

To finish off their bondage Rick tied a rope across their hips, binding them to their seats. He eyed his captives speculatively. “Let’s see, what else,” he said. “Oh I know!” He grabbed his duffle, pulling out the girl’s bikini bottoms and a roll of duct tape.

Stepping over to Belle he held Jill’s bottoms up before her mouth. “Open wide, Miss Belle,” he commanded.

Belle eyed the bikini bottom distastefully. She reluctantly opened her mouth as Rick pressed the fabric to her lips. As skimpy as the suit had looked on Jill, there was more than enough cloth to stuff Belle’s mouth. She waited patiently as Rick tore off strips of tape, pressing them over her lips.

After smoothing the tape over Belle’s lips Rick turned to Jill. “I’m going to kill you in your sleep,” she said warningly. “Well I guess I’ll have to keep you chained up for my own safety,” he replied brightly. “Now open your mouth so I can stop your complaining.”

Belle watched as her friend’s mouth was filled with her own bikini bottoms. The silver tape went on in layers, across, then diagonally and across again. Belle doubted Jill could force her mouth open any more than she could. She felt warmth grow between her legs at the thought of the two of them, kidnapped and tied together.

As Rick shouldered the bow off the sand the boat took on a gentle rocking motion. Belle felt the strangest sensation between her legs. It wasn’t as if the toy was pumping up inside her, instead it shifted, caressing the sides. It felt as if a lover was shifting his position while he mounted her, and it was hot.

Glancing over at Jill, Belle saw her eyes were closed. The expression on her face said that she was having a similar experience to Belle’s. She watched Jill, wishing Rick had tied them closer together.

With a final shove Rick hopped aboard. The engine purred as the boat pulled away from the island. He spun the wheel and shifted into forward. “Here we go girls. Hang on, it looks like it’s getting choppy,” he laughed.

The ride back was a delightful agony. A southeast breeze whipped little wavelets across the lagoon, breaking into rare whitecaps that sparkled in the afternoon sun. The twin hulls of the pontoon boat played a tinny chorus to the sound of the waves. And every wave sent an erotic pulse through the bound women.

Belle moaned into her gag as she climaxed. Clutching her legs together she willed for the toy to stop its constant motion, to let her savor the afterglow. But the dildo listened only to the relentless sea. In her imagination Belle thought she could hear its sing-song voice, ‘Yes, you’ll come again, you’ll cum for me.’

Looking over at her captive friend Belle could see Jill was having much the same experience as her. Jill sat, bound arms draped over the back of her seat, eyes closed. She seemed to be leaning forward, pushing her pelvis down onto the seat as if to drive her own fleshy tormentor deeper inside her.

“Think of all the fun we’d have with that,” Rick called out. Belle looked to see a fifty foot motor yacht plowing up the channel. “Well, we can still have some fun with it,” Rick chuckled as he angled the pontoon boat.

Belle thought at first that Rick intended to bring them close alongside the behemoth, letting the passengers get a good look at the bound and gagged women aboard. But when she saw the rolling wave cresting off its bow she knew he had a far more devious plan in mind.

The twin prows of the boat angled toward the coming wave. Belle watched, eyes wide as it rolled towards them, flecks of foam breaking from the crests. She clenched her thighs, bracing for what was to come. At the last moment Rick jammed the throttle forward.

The boat crashed into the wave with a spray of foam. Belle felt herself lifted from her seat as the boat rose and then suddenly dropped. The rope across her hips dug into her flesh. Gravity took over and she was slammed back down onto her seat.

Belle squealed into her gag as the dildo drove up inside her. The fleshy head bottomed out against her cervix. She curled her body as another orgasm shattered her, each successive wave adding to the tortured ecstasy.

Rick throttled down and moved forward as the yacht passed. Someone on the fantail of the boat stared curiously at them, but Belle was beyond caring. When Rick peeled away the tape from her mouth she spit out the sodden bikini bottom. “Oh fuck me,” she moaned.

“I think I just did,” was Rick’s smiling response.

The ropes were removed and the girls eased themselves off their seats. Rick had them sit on the bench seats while he cleaned up the captain’s chairs. Seeing the body fluids pooled there he stopped to admire the tenacity of the duct tape he’d used to secure their toys. Jill and Belle rolled their eyes in unison, then burst into a fit of giggles.

The old man was standing on the dock as Rick brought the boat alongside. As soon as the boat was secured to the pilings Jill and Belle clad in their cover-ups and high heels, stepped onto the dock. They slipped past the old man, whose eyes goggled at the sight.

Rick stayed behind to unload gear and settle up with the old man, whose eyes strayed repeatedly to the SUV the women had clambered into. By the time he reached the car Belle was in the back seat, asleep in Jill’s embrace.
