---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tyte Fit
authors:
- Jake
tags:
- FM
- F-mf
- latex
- bondage
- cons
- X
---

story continued from [part one](tyte_fit.html)_

_**Chapter
Two**_

_**Part
6**_

_I couldn't wait to see her again.  It had
been a long night (and day).  All I could think about was our first
date.  It seems silly I know, but I was already falling pretty hard
for her. The trip down that country road seemed so much shorter this time. 
I smiled to myself as I passed the spot where I first saw Sandy...where
I picked her up...the road into her place. I had the essential first-date
butterflies as I parked my car next to Kim's at the side of the house. 
I rang the bell at the front, but there was no answer.  Figuring that
Sandy must still be working, I headed around to the shop. 
Kim greeted me with a big smile, "I don't know
exactly what's going on with you two, but Sandy's been a mess all day! 
She's been singing and laughing and knocking stuff over...way to go Jake!"
"Where is she?"
"She's in her office.  She thought you'd
be here soon, so she wanted to finish up a couple of sketches.  Get
work totally off her mind, ya know? So what are the plans for tonight? 
She wouldn't tell me."
"That's because she doesn't know", I retorted. 
"Probably dinner.  Maybe we'll go dancing. We'll see."_

_"Dinner and dancing?  Wow.  That really
does sound like a date!", Kim sounded truly surprised.
"Why do you two have such a problem with going
out on a date?"
"Listen Jake, it's not that we have a problem
with it.  It's just that Sandy Tyte going on a date is pretty unusual. 
She's like the queen of fetish fashion.  Anyone into the scene here
in the city knows Sandy.  You don't just go on a \*date\* with her. 
If she chooses you, you are expected to do what ever she wants.  Kind
of an unwritten law or something.  Sandy doesn't go on \*dates\*."_

_"Well tonight she is.", I was starting to feel
uneasy about the whole thing when Sandy came out of her office.
"Jake!  I thought I heard voices. 
You ready to go?"  Sandy looked stunning.  She was wearing a
purple latex mini dress and matching purple ankle boots with a 5" heel. 
She had on a wild-looking red wig and spectacular makeup. "So what do you
think?", she said turning around for me.
"I'm speechless Sandy...you look fantastic." 
I was actually a little concerned about what people might think when we
got to the restaurant.
We walked out to the car together and drove off
into the sunset._

_"I was thinking Sandy...we don't have to go through
with the dating thing if you don't want to."
"Why the sudden change of heart Jake?  I
thought you meant what you said about getting to know each other?"
"I did.  I did...it's just that Kim said
this wasn't what you normally did...that you were pretty famous and..."
"Kim!  Well Kim should mind her own business. 
Jake, I'm not going to lie to you.  You already know I'm a little
different.  I am very well known in the fetish scene, and it could
be a little strange for both of us for a while.  Public appearances
in \*straight\* places may cause some rumblings in the media.  You know,
\*Rubber Fashion Queen seen with Regular Guy\*..."_

_"I'm not so sure I like the sounds of that!",
not that I was afraid to be seen with her in public, but that I was going
to be known as \*Regular Guy\*.  It has a nasty ring to it, don't you
think?
"I'm just warning you Jake.  It may happen...it
may not."
"Maybe if you didn't dress so flashy, you wouldn't
be noticed..." (did I just say that?!  And on a first date yet!)
"Now hold on buster!  You're the one who
wants to do the \*normal dating\* thing.  I'm going along with it because
I like the idea of getting to know one another.  But I sure as hell
am NOT changing the way I look, act, eat, sleep, breath, shit...!"
"Ok, ok!  Take it easy!  That didn't
come out exactly right..."
"It shouldn't have come out at all Jake. 
Maybe this whole thing was a bad idea..."
"No, Sandy...you're right.  Kim's comments
have me worried that I'm not good enough for you. That's all."_

_<Guys...handy tip: in a difficult argument
situation, try to block by admitting fault quickly (I'm sorry, you're right
- is always good) then try to shift conversation laterally...when in doubt,
think of football plays and translate them to conversation.  Early
relationship arguments cannot be won on your own!>_

_"Oooh...Kim!  I'll have a word with her tomorrow."
"No, Sandy.  I want her and I to be friends. 
Let's just let it go.  There's no sense getting off on the wrong foot."
And that was the last time I ever approached
the subject of dressing down._

_The rest of the drive was great.  We laughed
and talked about everything under the sun.  I pulled up in front of
the little Italian bistro.  Walked around and opened the door for
her.  I didn't need to see them, I could \*feel\* every set of eyes
on both sides of the street zero in on our location...or rather Sandy's
location...I became invisible.
"Did you know everyone within a square kilometre
is looking at you", I managed through the side of my mouth.
"Well I hope so!  I look pretty damn good
tonight if I do say so."  We laughed and I took her into the restaurant
on my arm.  I've gotta say, it makes a guy feel really good when he
is seen with someone who looks like Sandy.  Pack your bags, we're
goin' on an ego trip!_

_The maitre'de nearly fell over when we stepped
up.  "Two for non-smoking?...uh yes sir, right this way."
"No, wait...we want to sit outside on the patio,
don't we Jake?  It's such a nice night."
"You heard the lady.  On the patio", I echoed.
"Yes sir."  By this point the whole restaurant
was staring.
We were seated right out by the sidewalk. 
It was kind of fun actually.  Anytime a passerby got a good look at
Sandy, they couldn't stop staring and usually crashed into something. 
It made for great dinner entertainment. I felt particularly sorry for our
waiter.  The poor kid must have been right out of high school and
his hormones had never seen anyone quite like Sandy before.  The erection
in his pants was so painfully obvious, I thought he was going to bump into
something and break it._

_Just before our desert arrived, something nasty
- yet surprisingly wonderful happened.  Our conversation had become
quite intense.  We were talking about me losing my job and having
difficulty paying the rent, when this guy comes out of nowhere, stands
almost on top of me and starts asking Sandy for her autograph. Sandy saw
how he had intruded into our space and our conversation and told him that
he was rude, and no she would not give him her autograph.
"But Ms. Tyte", he begged, "My mistress saw you
here and instructed me to come to you for an autograph."
"Really.  Jake, honey, can I borrow your
cell phone?"
I handed it to her around the guy not knowing
what she was going to do.  To this day, I don't think he knew I was
there.
"Dial you mistress' number, say hello and give
me the phone", the guy took the phone and just looked at her...dumbfounded,
"NOW!" He dialled, waited as it rang, greeted his mistress (with respect)
and handed the phone to Sandy's outstretched hand._

_"This is Sandy Tyte speaking.  How dare you
interrupt my dinner with such rudeness?! ...I don't care who you are or
who your flunky is, I don't respond to rudeness, and I'm certainly not
jeopardizing a wonderful evening out with my boyfriend to cater to your
trophy collecting.  Don't disturb me again!!"
Did she say wonderful evening...and boyfriend?!? 
I wonder how much room is on cloud nine anyway?
The minion was so humiliated (the raucous had
been noticed by the entire east side of the city) he scampered off without
so much as a squeak._

_"I'm so sorry Jake.  I was afraid this might
happen...and after everything that was said in the car..."
"Did you call me your boyfriend?"
"Well, yes.  I guess I did."
"That's a big step after only knowing each other
for 24 hours."
"Yah, I guess it is.  Are you okay with
that?"
"To be the boyfriend of Sandy Tyte of Tyte-Fit? 
Sounds all right to me."_

_Before the waiter came to pick up the check, Sandy
said, "Watch this!".  She closed her eyes and appeared to be concentrating
really hard.  She opened her eyes and smiled at me, "Look!" 
We both stared at her chest.  Her nipples were harder than I'd seen
them yet.  The purple rubber showed off the peaks with incredible
detail.
"Wow", I was amazed.
"It's a gift", she giggled.
The waiter came around the corner to our table
and dropped the tray with the mints and bill onto the patio.  When
he finally got it to our table, he was the most pleasant shade of red you
could imagine!_

_With little debate, we decided to forego dancing
and went for a walk down by the beach instead. It was nice.  We walked
and talked and shared an ice cream.  We sat down on a park bench to
finish the ice cream when Sandy started to smear it all over her rubber
covered tits.
"I seem to have spilled."
"Like hell you did.  I suppose you want
me to do something about that?"
Sandy's nipples went erect again.  "Do you
think you can resist?"
"No."  I wrapped my arms around her little
rubber body and licked the melted ice cream from her breasts.  I teased
her nipples with my teeth, pulling and sucking at their rubber covering._

_Sandy took my hand and guided it up her short
skirt, between her legs.  I could feel the heat, but was frustrated
by her latex panties. She looked me right in the eyes and said, "Make me
come.  Go down on me and make me come in my latex panties."
"Here?"
"Now!  Do it!  You're driving me crazy!"
She spread her legs and let her skirt roll up to her hips.  She slid
forward on the bench and pulled on her panties to force them into her crack. 
I looked from side to side, but the boardwalk was deserted.  So I
slowly planted a soft kiss on her rubber mound.  Her heat was incredible! 
I pressed harder with my tongue as if trying to penetrate the rubber covering. 
I located her clit and moved in with everything I had. I began to play
with her cheeks, trying to slide a finger past her thong and into her asshole,
when I came upon something in my way!  It was a hard rubber dildo
built into the panties.  I pulled it out a bit and she moaned with
delight.  It was pretty big for her petite frame.  It had been
in there the whole time!  I was so turned on at this point that I
started to work the dildo in and out of her as my tongue danced all over
her pussy.  I looked up at her and she was biting her bottom lip while
pinching her nipples for all she was worth._

_Sandy snorted a couple of times before finally
gripping my head with her legs and shaking as her orgasm washed over her.
I pulled my head from between her legs and saw an older couple looking
back at us in disgrace. We both laughed and straightened ourselves up.
What a night!  We continued for the next two weeks enjoying some really
great dates together.  If I wasn't out looking for work, I was spending
all my time with Sandy. I would go to her shop and just sit and watch her
work.  It was fantastic.  Life was fantastic!  The only
problem was, I hadn't found a job, I was out of money, and my landlord
refused to extend my rent date.  (I think he had already promised
my suite to someone else)_

_So anyway, here I was...no job, no money, and
in two days...no home.  What would you do if you were in my place?
**Part
7**_

_"I was holding off on asking you this because
I didn't know if you were ready yet", Sandy asked me out of the blue the
day before I was to lose my apartment.
"I think I know what you're going to say..."
"Why don't you just come and live here with me?",
Sandy was sucking on the end of her rubber pinky finger.
"I thought this might come up, so I've been preparing
myself to give you an answer."
"Ooo!  Such a formal response!", Sandy was
trying to make herself look all serious, when it was so obvious she was
excited about me saying \*yes\*.
"And what has your preparation lead you to, Mr.
Serious Guy", she was giggling openly now._

_"I think", I said in my best serious tone, but
I too was very excited about the prospects of living together, "I will
accept your gracious offer for cohabitation."
Sandy screamed, threw her arms around my neck
and kissed me.  "This is so great!  Only...", she let go of me
and took a step back. "There are going to be some rules AND some conditions."_

_"Rules and conditions?  Just what did you
have in mind?", I thought it might come to this and I was prepared for
it...even a little excited.  But at the same time, I was scared. 
I was afraid of being swept up in her world...of changing my life forever! 
I had come to like my life, even if it was vanilla.  But I was now
totally in love with Sandy!  I wanted her so badly!   I
wanted to be with her, to spend all of my time with her.  And only
after two weeks of knowing her, I could have popped \*the\* question at any
time._

_"The rules are quite simple.  You will be
responsible for the upkeep and maintenance of the house..no free-loading
here bucko.  You will be responsible for all the cooking, cleaning,
and other chores...I'm too busy in the shop to do it properly.  For
the first little while, until you develop your own routine, you will rise
when I tell you, sleep when I tell you, \*wear\* what I tell you..."
"Am I to be your slave or something then?"
"No...not exactly.  There will be no punishments...unless
we're playing out a scene and that is required._

_"Listen Jake, we did things your way for a while. 
And I think we can safely say, it worked better than either of us expected. 
I've fallen deeply for you, and I don't want you to go.  But if you're
going to stay with me, you have to experience what I'm all about. 
If you can't accept me for who or what I am, then we had better stop this
before someone really gets hurt."
"I understand the rules.  What are the conditions?",
I said, still trying to absorb everything._

_"The conditions are simpler than the rules. 
Keep an open mind about everything.  Know that I have my reasons for
doing things a particular way.  I love you...I will not hurt you. 
This is my \*world\*, and I know what I'm doing.  Trust me.  Trusting
your partner is the ultimate gift in a BDSM relationship.  We probably
won't be getting that \*deep\*, but it is important that you trust me more
than you've trusted anyone before in your life. Finally, tell me if you
are unhappy!  I want to keep good communication between us. 
I don't want it to get to the point where you drive off and leave me on
the side of the road.  Okay?"
"You know...I think I can probably handle this.",
I said flashing a smile._

_Suddenly, the serious atmosphere was broken, and
Sandy was back to her bubbling excitement.
We walked back from the house to the shop. 
"You're going to have to let me scan you now.", Sandy said all serious
again.  "Take off all your clothes, step into the booth there, and
stand up straight, okay?"
"But what about Kim?"
"What about Kim?"
"I don't want to be \*naked\* in front of her!"
"Oh Jake!  Get over it!  You've been
admiring her body and mine for the past two weeks...it is only fair."_

_I removed all my clothes and Kim made a special
point of staring and hooting at me.  I stepped up into the booth as
I was told.
"Good.  Now, close your eyes, hold your
breath and keep perfectly still.  This won't hurt a bit, but you might
notice a flashing light."
It was all so clinical.  There was a red
beam that scanned my body and sent a three dimensional, wire frame image
into the computer.  The whole experience lasted only a minute.
"That's it Jake."
"Where are my clothes?"
"Your clothes have been \*removed\*.  I sent
Kim to arrange for the rest of your things to be moved from your apartment. 
She will deal with the closing with your landlord as well. Now, go into
the house, change into the gloves, hood and briefs you found in Jerry's
old room. Make dinner for us.  I'll be in by 6:00.  Got it?"
"Sure.  No problemo!  What do you feel
like for dinner?"
"That's for you to figure out.  Like I said
before.  You're in charge of meals.  Get used to being creative...now
git!"_

_I walked back into the house, acutely aware of
my nakedness.  What had she done with my clothes?  I wondered
if I would ever wear normal clothes again?  I had agreed to accept
this situation for what it was.  It was a new adventure in my life,
and I agreed with myself to embrace and accept every little change it brought
on. Once upstairs, I powdered the rubber items (I had learned already),
lubed up the sheath and...hey!...what's this?  These briefs are different
than the ones I wore the last time.  Firmly attached to the crotch
of the briefs was the largest dildo I had ever seen (it wasn't that big
in reality, but I didn't have a lot of experience with dildos then). 
It was actually part of the briefs themselves.  I looked but could
not find a trace of a seam at all. A little apprehensive, I lubed up the
dildo as well and began to get dressed.  Such a sensual feeling, latex! 
I still can't get over how exciting and erotic getting dressed in latex
can be.  Sandy says you can never get fully used to it...no matter
how much you wear it.  I pulled on the gloves and hood, saving the
insertion of the dildo for last. Once the hood was on, I was feeling very
turned on again.  I love the way a latex hood feels on your head!_

_I pulled the briefs up my legs until I could feel
the dildo poking at my ass cheeks.  I squatted down and tried to relax
my sphincter and I pushed the monster inside of me.  Interesting feeling. 
I rather liked it.  I've read stories of people describing the feeling
as being \*split open\* and painful. Others describe it as just being \*full\*. 
I tend to agree with the latter, but with the additional feeling of being
\*held open\*...like you're closed, but not closed. I pushed the dildo home,
fiddled with my penis to slide it into the sheath and stood up.  Whoa
momma!  The thing pushed right against my prostate, forcing a small
ejaculation.  "What the hell was that?", I quizzed myself.  I
felt an insistent urge to play with myself that I managed to fight off. 
I had spent too much time already getting \*dressed\*, and 6:00 was approaching
fast. I dug around in Sandy's freezer until I had assembled the fixings
for a half-decent dinner. Cooking with a hood on was difficult.  Limited
visibility...at least with this hood.  My erection slowly subsided
as I busied myself with Italian sausage, green beans, mashed potatoes and
corn. But I was always aware of my little intruder._

_Sandy came in promptly at 6, "Hi'ya honey...I'm
home!  What's for dinner, I'm starvin'?"
"Oh very funny...I hope you're not going to do
that every day?  And what's the big idea with the dildo briefs?"
"You like them?  I just thought it's never
too early to start training that cute little ass of yours!"
"Training?...training for what?"
"You're a man honey!  You're lucky. 
You get to experience penetrating AND penetration!  You shouldn't
go through your sex-life at 50%", she whacked me on my bum, sending a wave
of...something?...coursing through me._

_I served dinner and we sat, ate and talked. 
Sandy explained that she had been working on a new design lately and was
going to prototype it into what she was making for me.  "I have so
many ideas that I never got to try out on Jerry.  We are going to
have so much fun!"
"Yeah, yeah...fun", I grumbled under my breath. 
I was starting to get nervous about the whole situation.
We finished up dinner and Sandy told me to wash
up the dishes and meet her downstairs when I was done.  She said she
had to change up something on the vacuum bed.  "Tonight, I'm going
to let you have sex without wearing rubber for the last time." This is
odd?  No rubber?  Sandy and I had only done it once without rubber,
in the shower, since we first met.  Hmm...skin-on-skin...I was going
to have fun tonight!_

_I did the dishes as I was told, still wearing
the latex items.  Then I went to the basement to see what Sandy was
up to. She was standing in front of one of the closets carefully putting
on a strange looking catsuit.  It was red latex and covered every
inch of her body - head, hands, feet.  It had red plastic lenses in
the built-in hood, instead of eye holes.  It had a sheath hanging
down between her legs, but the odd thing about it was several tube-like
nosels located at different points on her body: head, shoulders, elbows,
hips, knees and ankles.
"Hi", she said puffing like she was in the middle
of a work out, "Help me stretch the hood over my head will ya'?"
I started pulling, "I thought you said no latex?"
"For you honey, not for me.   I'm going
to blow your mind...and mine while I'm at it!", came Sandy's muffled response
through the breathing tube at her mouth.  "Now zip me up around the
base of my neck there.  Can you find it?  Thanks, now get undressed
and follow me."_

_As I peeled off the rubber I was wearing, I said,
"What is that you're wearing?", Sandy was using some sort of phallic prod
to insert the sheath deep within her pussy.
"It's a two layer catsuit.  I designed it
specially when I got the vacuum bed.  Come with me over here."
We walked into the pool room and there was a
contraption hanging on the wall with 11 tubes dangling from a centre manifold.
"Start plugging the tubes onto the nipples of
the suit.", Sandy secured one to her left elbow.  I tried to plug
two onto her breasts.
"Very funny, smart-ass!"  It was really
erotic to watch her featureless body spit out words as if it was a mannequin._

_I finished hooking her up, then she told me to
set the gauge to 10 pounds of pressure and turn on the blue valve. 
As I did, a red coloured gel flowed through the clear tubes and into the
suit.  She started to gasp as the gel flowed between the two layers
of latex.  I could see the suit fill out, taking away any creases
there might have been.  There was a clicking noise and the compressor
shut off.  I unplugged all the hoses and Sandy walked awkwardly out
of the room and into the vacuum room.  I followed. She had changed
something on the vacuum bed.  The sheets were still clear latex, but
there was not only a sleave for the breathing tube, but also one strategically
located around the crotch area. Right over that spot was a rigid frame
with a molded form attached to it (a little difficult to explain here --
you'll see what it's for in a minute). Sandy opened the frame of the bed,
and crawled in.  She was able to manoeuvre herself with expert ease
and closed the frame, adjusting the breathing tube and sheath tube to match
their corresponding flanges on the bed.  She squirmed a little as
she reached up to the top frame rail of the bed and started the vacuum
motor.
"Come join me when you're ready, lover", she
called out over the hum of the shop vac.  "There's lubricant on the
table in the corner.  Smear it on your cock and asshole..that is,
unless you want a surprise!"_

_I watched with amazement as the air was sucked
from between the sheets.  As the pressure increased on Sandy's body,
it was easy to see that she was encased in a floating, slippery cocoon.
What she was feeling was obviously sublime as she started gurgling with
delight. I, on the other hand, had been hard since I saw her being pumped
full of that gel stuff.  I wanted desperately to slide my cock inside
her helpless form.  I went to the table, lubed up my cock until I
felt I was more than ready.  I remembered her saying to do my asshole. 
Without really thinking about it, I slathered a great gob over my still-slightly-stretched
anus and headed over to the bed. The fixed arm suspended over Sandy's midsection
made it very difficult for me to mount her...that, and the bed was very
bouncy.  I wormed my way between the arm and her body then slid my
cock inside.  Wow! With the suction the bed created, the sheath inside
Sandy's vagina had expanded with the gel.  It was obvious that it
had swollen inside her and was providing a \*very\* tight passage for me. 
The inside of the sheath had rows and rows of tiny nubbins that massaged
the tender skin of my circumcised penis. I looked into the red lenses over
her eyes and smiled, "This is fantastic!"
Sandy called out again, "Wait  till you
feel this!"_

_Her finger was barely able to move in the suction
of the bed, but she push a small button and I heard a whirring noise behind
me.  Before I could react, I felt a solid object push slowly and steadily
past my cheeks.  I had to move myself slightly so that the invader
would enter my hole (as designed) and not try to make a new one! 
Woah...again!  I couldn't get a good handle on the size of the object
at the time.  I had been wearing the rear dildo for a couple of hours
so I was sure of its size...this one was definitely larger! Just when I
thought I could take no more, it stopped.  I was rooted in Sandy,
and my mechanical friend was rooted in me.  Sandy started to squirm
in her suit sending waves of incredible pleasure throughout me.  I
tried to move with her, but was held fast by the phallus.  The only
movements I could make were in and out.  As I went into Sandy, the
phallus slid back from my hole.  As I slid out of Sandy, the phallus
went back in.  What a predicament!  To fuck and be fucked! 
I was soon loving the feeling however, and was crashing into Sandy and
the arm with all I was worth._

_Sandy came three times to my one.  I was
totally unaware of her or her state of mind by the time I was through. 
As I lay on top of her, my heart pounding in my ears and panting like some
heat-stricken dog, Sandy pushed the buttons to retract the phallus and
stop the vacuum. I crawled off her, then helped her out of the bed. 
The shiny red figure stood looking at me and stroking her rubber body,
"Well?", came Sandy's muffled voice.
"I'm still recovering."
"Now imagine that being dressed in rubber!"
"Maybe later..."
Come help me get changed, then we'll go have
a bath together._

_We went to the pool room again, where I plugged
the tubes back onto the nipples of the suit. This time I was instructed
to turn the green valve.  As I did, the gel was sucked back out of
the suit. We went back to the changing area and pried Sandy from the suit.
"Oh!  I haven't done that in a long time. 
Such an exquisite experience."
"Oh...it was an experience all right."
"Come on, I'll run us a bath."  Sandy led
the way up to the master bathroom and started the water.  She took
out a large bottle of something and poured a generous amount into the water.
"What are you doing now?"_

_"It's a special bath mixture I've been working
on.  Helps to prepare the skin for prolonged latex wearing. 
I've been doing this once a month since I developed it."
"You wanna tell me what's in it?"
"Nope", she kissed me and stepped into the hot,
swirling water.  "Ooo, this is nice.  Come on in."
I stepped into the hot bath and sat down. 
The tub was huge!  Enough room for both of us to stretch out and float
up to our chins.  I noticed that after a few minutes my skin started
to tingle.
"I'm tingling."
"Good.  That means it's working", Sandy's
eyes were closed...she was totally relaxed.
"What's working?", I said a little alarmed.
"Just relax and enjoy it.  If it starts
to really sting, then get out."
Really sting?!?  Who was she kidding? 
I wanted out of there now!_

_"Jake, you promised me you would trust me. 
I told you I wasn't going to do anything to hurt you...now just relax and
enjoy the tingles!  I'll put some aloe gel on you when you get out
and you'll feel totally refreshed."
I put my head back on the edge of the tub and
looked across at Sandy.  She was so perfect.  Her eyes, her nose,
her full kissable lips.  I just couldn't believe I was with someone
so beautiful.  I was even getting to really love her bald head. 
It was a shocker at first, but now, I almost hated to see her wearing a
wig._

_"Sandy honey?  It's stinging now.  I
mean it feels like my skin's on fire!  Can we get out now?"
"Sure.  Hop into the shower and rinse yourself
off...just water though.  Don't use soap."
I got into the shower and turned on the cold
water.  It was rather refreshing!  I looked down at the floor
of the shower to see mats of hair slipping down the drain.
"AAAAHH!  What have you done to me!", Sandy
slipped up behind me as I screamed.
"It's called depilation.  Chemical hair
removal.  I had a special depilatory developed.  It removes hair
for up to six months...but I like the tingling sensation and use it every
month.  It's designed to go into a nice relaxing bath."_

_How could she be so calm when part of my manhood
was being washed down the drain!  My sex was totally bare...and my
legs!  They looked so pale without the usual covering of dark brown
hair.
"Thank God you didn't touch my head!"
"Yeah...I didn't want to strip everything from
you right away.  We'll do that another time."
"No, I don't think we will do anything of the
sort!", I protested.
"Oh, pipe down Jake...it's only hair.  Besides,
look how smooth you are now.  Your first latex suit will be ready
tomorrow!  I'm so excited to see how you look all black and shiny!"_

_Still upset over the loss of my body hair, I grumbled
my way to bed with Sandy.  She had prepared Jerry's room with latex
sheets for us to sleep on.
"Oh cheer up honey!  I'm even going to sleep
naked with you tonight."
We stayed up talking for a while.  Sex really
wasn't on my mind just then, so we kissed each other and cuddled until
we drifted off to sleep._

_**Part
8**_

_When I awoke the next morning, Sandy was gone. 
I was pretty groggy and headed off to the bathroom to freshen up.
"Jake honey?", came a soft voice on the other
side of the door.  "Can I come in?"
"Sure."
Sandy stepped into the bathroom.  She never
ceased to amaze me!  This morning, she was completely covered in black
latex.  Her shoes were even formed right into her catsuit.  I
couldn't see a seam anywhere.  Her eyes were covered by lenses that
seemed to absorb all light.  It was unsettling actually.  There
was no reflection...nothing.  The lenses were big and round almost
like the sketches you see of aliens.  The lips of the mask were strange
too.  They were molded to wrap around Sandy's lips and teeth. 
When she talked, all you could see was the black latex around her mouth
and her pink tongue.  The suit must have had some kind of a built-in
corset as well, because her figure was stunning!_

_"I am so excited", Sandy proclaimed as she set
down a bundle of rubber, "It's done!"
"What's done?"
"Your first latex suit, Jake.  I had the
computer work last night to fabricate your catsuit.  Let's get you
ready!"
I reached for the talc.  "No, no, honey,
we won't be using that.  This catsuit is too tight to use powder...I
brought over a bottle of \*RubberSlip\*, it's one of our more pricy, and
effective lubricants.  Here let me help you apply it."
Sandy rubbed the lubricant in a thin film over
all of my body.  She stopped to linger at my sex, rubbing it to erection. 
At least the lubricant had a pleasant smell...kind of citrusy. Next, Sandy
unfolded the bundle she had brought with her.  Everything was attached
on this suit...in fact it looked a lot like the one Sandy was wearing.
"This looks just like the suit your wearing!"
"It is the same.  I was so excited by the
prospect of the design for yours that I fabricated one for myself as well."_

_Sandy pulled on the back and it split apart. 
It was amazing...no zipper, no velcro...no signs of any type of fastener! 
"How'd you do that?"
"It's a new type of fastener.  Kim's idea,
really.  It's still in the prototype stage...in fact there are quite
a few things on this suit that are prototypes.  We're still waiting
for the patent to come through on the fastener.  It leaves no seam...just
a small ridge down the spine, see?"
Sandy showed me where the seam was on her suit. 
It truly was invisible!_

_I took the suit from her and folded it in half
to allow access to the legs.  I slid one leg into the suit with little
resistance.  It was tight, but the lubricant let my foot slide down
with relative ease.  At the bottom, my foot was forced into a slight
arch by a molded shoe.  The shoe had a 3" heel on it.  I struggled
to keep my balance on one leg as I pulled the other leg home. I have to
stop and tell you the feelings I was going through at that moment! 
My legs felt so tight...so encased...so rubbery!  My cock sprang to
attention at the feeling of the latex sliding up my legs.  I had always
harboured a secret desire to wear woman's heels...not something I had ever
shared with anyone!  Now that my feet were firmly planted in the 3"
heels...I felt like I was in some strange, kinky dream.  I wanted
to pinch myself to make sure I wouldn't wake up. When I had pulled the
suit up to my waist, Sandy took hold of my hard cock and bent it into the
attached sheath.  Again, it slid home with relative ease.  Sandy
had to work the air out of it (although I'm not sure if it was actually
necessary or if she just wanted to stroke my rubber penis!).  I tucked
my balls into their compartment, then gave a solid tug on the sides to
make sure it was seated properly between my legs.  Sandy explained
that another of the fasteners was in place in the crack of my ass...how
convenient._

_Next, I slid my arms into the sleeves with Sandy's
help.  She worked the air out from my fingers and hands.  We
pulled the suit up to my shoulders, then Sandy applied a generous amount
of the lubricant to my hair.  She said if I wasn't going to remove
it, it was always going to be difficult putting on hoods. I found that
the hood slipped on quite well...better than the other one I had worn. 
It felt a lot different though.  This one was molded to fit the contours
of my face exactly!  There were bumps at my mouth that I assumed were
fittings for my teeth...just like in Sandy's mouth.  As I worked them
into place, Sandy was busy doing up the fastener in the back._

_"Turn around...face the mirror!  You're not
going to believe this!", Sandy's voice was almost trembling.
I turned to look at a tall, glistening, black
figure.  I knew it was me...but it was difficult to accept! The latex
fit me so perfectly, yet there wasn't the slightest imperfection on my
body anywhere.  In fact, Sandy had made the suit with a more muscular
chest and rows of abdominal muscles.  I ran my hands over them.
"Sorry about that, Jake.  I wasn't trying
to be insulting or anything.  I..."
"Are you kidding", my voice didn't seem right
coming out of this sculptured creation, "I love it!"
Everything about me seemed bigger...better! 
She hadn't enhanced anything but the chest and abs of course.  But
something about the way I looked made me feel different, more beautiful.
I took a few sample steps on the floor, amazed that I was able to keep
perfect balance the first time on heels. I spun my head to look at her...and
all at once, I felt like a predator, and she was my prey!  I had to
have her.  Something animalistic in me had snapped and I wanted to
defile all that was sacred...all that I had grown up to believe was proper
and good!_

_With no expression coming from either my eyes
or my latex-covered face, Sandy was unprepared for my attack.  I reached
out and grabbed hold of her arm with a force I didn't know I had. 
I pulled her into me and kissed her mouth the best I could with my new
rubber lips.  Sandy kissed back with an equalled passion and heat. 
I loosened my grip on her arm for a second, and before I could recover,
she was down the hall and heading for the stairs.  I gave chase. Sandy
headed down to the basement, where I followed as fast as I could make the
heels carry me. When I got down there, she was sitting on a table in the
mirror room, fondling her breasts.
"Come in here Jake...don't be shy!"_

_I entered the room looking around for some kind
of trap.  Seeing none, I approached the table.
"You can't believe how much I want you right
now!", I growled, "I don't know what it is, but I feel so kinky...so raw!"
Sandy wrapped her rubber legs around me and pulled
me in next to her.  Her tongue slithered into my mouth like a snake,
then she abruptly broke off the kiss and pointed silently at one of the
mirrored walls.  I turned to look and saw two shiny, black, 
rubber figures entwined in an embrace.  We almost seemed non-human
in appearance...so much alike, yet it was obvious who was male and who
was female. She let me go, then spread her legs wide.  She lay back
on the table and pulled her legs open even further exposing her crotch
to me.  The latex suit was incredibly detailed.  It was almost
like the rubber had been painted over her sex.  It seemed to dip into
every crevasse of her pussy...and it was wet!  The latex surrounding
her sex was glistening with her juices._

_I reached out to touch her, sliding my black fingers
over her glistening mound.  Sandy let out a soft moan.  I slipped
one finger inside her hole.  The suit had a sheath that had been inserted
inside of her.  It was incredibly wet!  And not lubricated...but
wet, from her own secretions.  I inserted another finger and worked
the two in and out.  Sandy moaned some more and pulled on her legs
as if inviting me to do more to her.  I inserted a third finger and
then experimentally a fourth.  I was surprised that she stretched
easily to accept it.  Sandy let out another moan and then a whisper,
"More."  I tucked my thumb into my hand and pushed slightly. 
Her pussy opened up to accept my whole hand!  I slid up to my wrist
and then started to wiggle my fingers.  Sandy let go of her legs and
shrieked with pleasure.  I looked across at the image in the mirror
and nearly came then and there.  It was so bizarre!   So
wild!  I noticed that the tip of my sheathed penis was glistening
with moisture as well._

_I pumped Sandy's pussy with my hand until I felt
her muscles constrict around me.  She gripped my forearm with both
hands and screamed out her orgasm.  I pulled out of her as gently
as I could and walked around to the head of the table.  I climbed
up on top of her, with my cock dancing inches above her mouth.  She
took my cock in her hand and began to lick it's full rubber length. 
I watched in the mirror as the two rubber figures began their pervy 69. 
I just couldn't understand why she was so wet inside the sheath, unless
it was open at the end?  I tried to put the questions out of my mind
as I licked and sucked at Sandy's rubber pussy.  Meanwhile down at
the other end, Sandy was doing her best to swallow me whole...and doing
a good job, I might add._

_I was just about ready to come, when Sandy spat
me out and told me that she wanted me inside her.  A simple missionary
position would usually be very vanilla, but add an examination table, a
couple of full latex catsuits, and a room full of mirrors, and all of a
sudden, vanilla doesn't seem to apply anymore.  I kept staring into
her big black, vacant looking eyes.  The more I tried to look inside,
the more excited I got.  Sandy wrapped her legs around my back and
dug her heels into my sides as we rode the wave together.  The feeling
started to climb and climb and climb, until we reached the edge of the
wave.  Then, together, we tumbled off the heights of that wave into
the depths of our combined orgasms.  We were as one.  I had never
felt so connected to another being in all my life as I did right at that
moment.  Our latex masks hid our true emotions as wave after wave
crashed over us.  The only expression that could be made out on our
latex faces was that of an \*O\*.  I glanced over at the mirror and
fully took in the vision that was being reflected. It's hard to say today,
but I think I may have experienced another orgasm as the feelings continued
to spread throughout my body.  It was either a second, or an aftershock
of equal magnitude to the first._

_We were both a gurgling mess for what seemed like
hours afterwards.  We just lay on the table, still joined, breathing
heavily.  Finally, I climbed off Sandy and went to stare in the mirror. 
For some reason, either I thought the whole thing had been a dream, or
I didn't think it was me behind the mask.  Whatever it was, I reached
out a black, shiny hand and touched the mirror.  My reflection reached
out and touched back.  I knew at that moment, I was never going to
be the same person again._

_**Part
9**_

_After we had recovered enough to talk, Sandy explained
to me that the reason I had seen moisture emanating from our rubber-covered
bodies was that the suits were made from a new latex formulae.  This
new latex could transfer moisture through a similar process to osmosis. 
It made wearing latex clothing for extended periods, a more pleasant experience. 
It did help to cool off the body, but there were some draw-backs: increased
thirst and it was not waterproof like other latex garments.  Given
the chance, it would continue to absorb water as long as the latex continued
to stretch.  "Wading is  definitely out of the question", Sandy
said._

_"Wading?  I don't get it?"_

_"Oh Jake, I've got to take you!  The next
time it rains, we'll go to the river out back...I'll have to fabricate
another suit for you though.  But then again...I've got lots of things
I want to make for you! I have to go out to the shop for a while. Will
you be all right here?"
"Of course I will!  I suppose you want me
to stay dressed like this?"  (Not that I wanted to change anyway).
"Of course you will."
"Well if I have to stay dressed like this...then
so do you!"
Sandy hopped off the table, "If that's the way
you want to play...then fine, I will stay like this for the day. 
But I'm warning you, it's going to make me hornier than hell!"_

_Sandy smacked me on the bum as she headed out
the door.  I continued to look at myself in the mirror.  I wanted
to know what else she had hidden away down here, so I began fumbling through
some of the drawers in the room. I found toys.  Toys of all different
shapes, sizes and colours.  My cock was just beginning to regain it's
strength.  I was alone.  And I was feeling kinky again. 
I knew I had to do some chores around the house, as per agreement, but
how was I to concentrate with a raging hard-on and a room full of kinky
equipment?  I remembered the wonderful feeling I had the day I walked
around with a dildo up my ass and thought I would try it again._

_I found one that looked remarkably like my own
penis and prepared it for insertion.  I figured out how to open the
seam at my ass, bent over in front of one of the mirrors and began to slide
it in. Such a wonderful feeling...the spreading...the filling up. 
I slid the veiny probe in and out, relishing the feeling, when I caught
a glimpse of the image again.  A shiny, black, rubber figure sliding
a dildo in and out of his ass...and stroking his cock.  It seemed
like it wasn't me...and yet it was!  I pushed the dildo all the way
in to it's flange, then went about trying to seal up my suit again. It
was quite simple really.  Almost like a ziplock on a freezer bag...only
less visible, and stronger too.  I stood up and once again, I was
amazed at the sensation of walking with something hard stuck up my bum.
I practised walking around in front of the mirror until I could walk so
that no one would know what I had there -- thought it might be a useful
skill to acquire.  I walked out of the room and went about my chores._

_Lunch time rolled around and there was still no
sign of Sandy.  I decided to prepare some food for Sandy, Kim and
I.  A few sandwiches and some sodas.  I put everything on a tray
and headed out of the airconditioned house.  The temperature change
was almost unbearable.  The summer sun was intense in the black rubber. 
Water permeable or not...the walk across the courtyard nearly did me in!
I opened the door to the shop and was instantly greeted by a blast of cool
air.  The machines were whirring away, so my presence was unannounced. 
Kim was no where to be found.  I set the tray down on her desk and
headed off to Sandy's office in the back. I poked my head through the door,
but Sandy wasn't there either.  Curious.  I didn't think they
would have gone out to lunch together with Sandy looking the way she did. 
Then I heard a faint sound over the din of the machinery.  I heard
it again!  Definitely a voice.  As I searched for the source
I began to make out Kim's tone.  I poked my rubber head around a corner
and was not prepared for what I saw._

_Kim was bent at the waist and was holding onto
a steel column for support.  She was dressed in a bright pink latex
catsuit with clear latex cups covering her large breasts.  It was
very tight. Tighter than anything I had seen Sandy wear.  It almost
looked uncomfortable.  Her breasts were squished inside the clear
cups and two little holes allowed her hard nipples to protrude.  She
had knee-length boots strapped to her feet with what looked like a 7" heel. 
All I know is that they were near to ballet boots in their height. 
The pink catsuit covered her from her neck to her hands and down her legs.
Sandy was behind Kim.  She was still dressed in the matching black
latex suit and mask, but she had strapped on a dildo attached to a mouthpiece. 
The device was strapped around her head and was firmly seated in her mouth. 
Sandy was squatted down behind Kim and was fucking her ass with it. I saw
something that made me look twice. I couldn't be sure, so I moved for a
better angle.  As it came into view, I let out a quick gasp, "You're
a she-male!"_

_Sandy and Kim, both startled, looked up at me. 
Kim waved back at Sandy for her to pull away, then she straightened up
and walked over to me.
"You really shouldn't be here during the day
Jake.", Kim's voice was low, but I could hear her perfectly over the machinery. 
Sandy remained where she was, squatting and still.  She didn't attempt
to speak or remove the dildo harness.  Kim strutted around me. 
I couldn't take my eyes off her erect \*equipment\*.  She had to have
the largest cock I think I had ever seen in person. Good thing the lenses
covered my eyes._

_Kim pinched her nipples as she spoke, "Yes Jake,
I am a she-male...pre-op, and right now, no plans to complete the transformation."
"But I thought the drugs you took didn't allow
you to achieve...well...ummm...that!?"
"I'm working on a new type of rotating program,
Jake.  I don't always take the hormones.  And when I don't...then
I get...this. Jakey, if I could see inside those lenses, I'd swear you
were staring at me!  It's not polite to stare at a woman Jake. 
It makes us uncomfortable. Now a few things.  When I'm in one of my
\*moods\*...I'm the boss around here.  Ms. Tyte over there came in today
looking like that!  Like a rubber-slut!  Look at her Jake...she
looks like some kind of rubber fuck toy, doesn't she?" Kim tugged on my
semi-hard cock._

_"And aren't we a cute matching couple!  You
two make me sick!  Jake, you shouldn't have come in here.  Jerry
knew when to stay away.  He didn't like me very much when I was in
one of my moods...which is okay,  cause I \*never\* liked him. 
Snivelling little sub-worm.  But I like you Jake...I like your style. 
I like the way you treat Sandy...like a woman should be treated. 
Now that you're here...perhaps you can treat me the way a woman should
be treated?  The two rubber sluts can please me.  Hmmm, Jakey? 
Whaddya say? Oh look at the heels!  Sandy, you made heels for Jakey
here!  Aren't they adorable?!  Well that gives me an idea."_

_Kim took hold of my arm and pushed me into the
scanning booth.  I was still so shocked, that she had me secured in
there before I had time to react.  Kim went to a cabinet and returned
with a ring gag which she strapped to my head.  The ring was forced
into my mouth and held it open. She then fastened my head to the back of
the booth so I couldn't move it.  Sandy, still squatting with the
dildo strapped to her head just watched.  With the lenses covering
her eyes, she looked like a rubber figurine positioned on the floor...expressionless.
Kim fired up the scanner and went into Sandy's office to do something. 
I tried to shout to Sandy, but the gag made it impossible to say anything
intelligible.  After an eternity had passed, the machinery stopped...paused,
then started again.  It hummed for only a few minutes then stopped
again...and the place was still.
"Well", Kim's voice startled me, "Let's see how
well this worked."_

_She went to the end of one of the lines and pulled
a small black rubbery object from a form.  Next, she went to a work
bench and slathered the outside of the thing with some kind of sticky product.
"Hold still Jake, while I remove the gag. 
Good boy, now open wide."  I thought she was going to stick a dildo
in my mouth like she had done with Sandy, but instead, she forced a long
tube into the back of my mouth and down my throat.  I gagged repeatedly
for almost a minute until I got used to the feeling. Meanwhile, Kim pushed
firmly on the edges of the...thing...setting the (glue) onto my face. 
I could breathe through my nose and mouth, but the amount of rubber in
my mouth was preventing me from closing it.  I could feel drool building
up beneath the rubber, but I couldn't swallow it. Kim undid my bonds and
I stumbled free, unsure of my footing and my balance.
"Look Sandy!  Look at what I made! 
We're going to make a fortune selling this one!  I saw a mirror and
went to look at my reflection._

_Kim had made a perfect, anatomically correct,
rubber cunt...and glued it to my face.  The tube was obviously a sheath
for a penis, and my mouth acted like the muscular walls of the vagina. 
As I stood there looking at my reflection in horror, the drool that had
been building up inside my mouth started to seep through the special latex. 
I was now a dripping wet pussy-head.  Great.
"Oh look it's working!  It's working! 
You're getting all ready for me aren't you my pretty!"
I was in shock.  Kim lead me effortlessly
over to a desk and pushed me over it.  She tied my ankles and wrists
to the legs and pulled apart the seal at my ass.
"Come over here Sandy and kneel in front of...hey
what's this?  Jakey!  I'm surprised at you!  A dildo in
the ass.  How perfect!  You're all ready for your kinky mate,
Sandy."
Sandy was positioned behind me on the floor and
with Kim's signal, began working her dildo-gag in and out of my ass. 
Kim was in heaven watching this and it wasn't long before she moved around
to my pussy mouth to give it a try. Although I still haven't told Sandy
this, I was actually looking forward to sucking on that big she-male cock. 
With all the other bizarre things that had happened today, my mind was
already prepared for this._

_Kim stepped up to my face and rubbed her pink
latex-covered tool over my drooling lips.  As she slid inside my mouth,
I tried to clamp down on her as best I could.  The thickness of the
rubber tube was such that the pressure I exerted translated into a tight
pussy for Kim.  No pain...no teeth..just rubber and pressure. 
Also (fortunately for me) the thickness of the tube prevented my gag reflex
from being activated as she pushed deeper into my throat. My nose was pushed
up against Kim's pink latex belly and my breath came in whistling bursts
through my nostrils.  The sensation and the image in my mind of being
fucked in both ends was starting to have an effect on me. Sandy was grunting
her pleasure through the gag behind me and Kim was in her own little world
in front of me.  It wasn't long before Kim grabbed my head and was
bashing my nose with her thrusts.  The only way I could tell that
she had exploded is from her screaming and a slight rise in temperature
in my mouth. The girls pulled away from me, laughing and giggling as they
untied me._

_"Welcome to the lunch-time club Jake", Sandy said
calmly after removing her gag.  "When Kim gets in one of her moods
there's no stopping her until she's had her way with you." I got up off
the desk and tipped my head to let Kim's cum run out of my mouth.
"What's the matter Jake", Kim taunted, "Don't
you swallow?  You're a good sport Jake...I like you!"
Kim and Sandy applied a solvent to the glue used
around my mouth and removed the tube from my throat.  I threw up. 
It wasn't exactly a pleasant experience, but I was still so stunned from
the whole thing I wasn't mad.  I just felt a little used...and humiliated._

_Sandy and I talked about it while we enjoyed lunch
in her office.  She managed to do some pretty good damage control
with my emotions.  She explained that she hadn't meant for me to find
her like that, but it was good that I played along with the scene. 
It wasn't too hard to convince me because I actually \*enjoyed\* the whole
thing (I guess Sandy's going to read this anyway...so you might as well
know honey ;-)_

_**Part
10**_

_It's been a while since I've added anything here. 
Sandy and I have been having a lot of fun together.  She's made a
whole wardrobe of latex clothes for me. Sandy found out about how I like
heels and enjoyed sucking off Kim's cock.  So she took it upon herself
to begin some feminization and maid training for me.  I've got quite
a selection of heels now too.  Some are so high, I have to duck to
go through of a doorway. Sandy's taken me to a few fetish parties and appearances. 
When we go out like that, I have to go as her slave with collar and leash...although
it's just for appearances.  At home we're equals and will always be
that way._

_We've been wading a number of times in the cool
evening rain.  It's quite invigorating!  We went out just last
week for a long wade and I proposed to her!  I'm beginning to wonder
what kind of wedding we're going to have.  Can you be married by a
rubber nun?_

_I hope you've enjoyed reading the story of how
I was transformed into a pervy, latex lovin' slut as much as I've enjoyed
telling it.  If you haven't found your rubber lover yet, maybe you
should take a long drive on a deserted country road...it worked for me._

_Rubber hugs...[Jake](mailto:jakelatex@hotmail.com)._

_[The
story continues in](tyte_fit3.html)
[Part
Three](tyte_fit3.html)
