---
original_url: https://www.dollstories.net/storieslr/premium_playthings7.html
subcategory: Doll Stories
title: Premium Playthings
authors:
- Bubuck31
tags:
- M+/f
- kidnap
- bodymod
- amputate
- objectify
- forniphilia
- pain
- incest
- sex
- oral
- nc
- XXX
date: 2025-05-03 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 7

Four months after leaving her house in a crate, Lauren was shipped back home in a state of unconsciousness. For ease of transport, they had sedated her for the trip. Ben and Chad met Nick and Jake at the front door when the van pulled up.

This time Lauren wasn’t going to be *living* at the house. She was going to be a *part* of the house. After a short conversation, the two men picked her up out of the van and carried her down to the basement still mounted in her steel frame. During her transformation, Ben and Chad had decided to move their play space to the basement. Since it was just the two of them living there, they didn’t need to work as hard at keeping the secret. Now they had the entire house to play. The basement was originally unfinished, but now it was a lush living space complete with a state-of-the-art home theater, a game room, and a bar. Another room held a few bondage devices.

In the months since Lauren was removed from the house, Ben and Chad had been busy. They had completely transformed the basement. It was all complete except for one wall between the lounge and a spare bedroom. A partition wall had been constructed using 2x6’s. The extra width was needed to hold Lauren’s heavy steel frame. Chad and Ben completed the wood framing except for a square in the middle of the wall where Lauren’s steel frame would be mounted. They had been in close contact with Jeff and Bill from Premium Playthings to figure out the exact dimensions of the frame so it could be mounted in the wall precisely. They also needed to know the exact height of Lauren’s mouth, pussy, and ass hole from the floor. They didn’t want any height issues when fucking her holes.

Ben walked to the van with Nick and Jake. When Nick opened the back door, Ben saw an object covered with a large black sheet. As the sheet was slid off, he saw Lauren and the frame in profile.

She was bent into a squatting position in the square tubular frame with her butt sticking out one side and her head and tits on the other. Her arms had been removed at the shoulders and feet had been cut off at the ankles. There were pins inserted in the back of the head to hold it to the frame arching her back forcing her chest to stand out proud and firm.

Nick and Jake spent a couple of hours securing the steel frame to the studs in the wall. They took the time to shim it so it was perfectly level and there was no way it could move. Once the frame was property secured, the two delivery men gave Ben a small bottle of chloroform to keep her unconscious for the rest of the day.

Ben and Chad spent the rest of the day installing drywall around their new wall fixture. Carefully cutting along her figure so that only her body could be seen held captive within the wall. They painted the wall and even installed crown molding and a chair rail, making it a professional job. Every hour, they would hold a chloroform-soaked cloth over her nose and mouth to keep her from waking up.

Looking from the side closely, one would see the two rods holding her skull about 14 inches from the finished wall. When they were satisfied with their work, they called it a night. They turned off the lights and went back upstairs.

Chad was tired from all that manual labor and went right to bed. Ben was excited about having Lauren back in the house and wanted to fuck her, but she was still unconscious and that wouldn’t be as much fun. He decided to let off a little steam and let out some cum with Suzie.

The doll was laying on her right side with its legs bent slightly. Clearly left in that position by Chad. Its enormous melons kept it from rolling forward. He dropped his pants to the floor and stepped out of them and rolled the doll on its back. As he climbed on top of the doll and slid his cock in its pussy, he thought about how he and Lauren used to make love. He would usually be gentle with her, taking things slow and easy as she never liked the rough stuff. Over the years of fucking her, Ben would also make it last as long as he could since Lauren only wanted to make love every couple of months. And that was usually after Ben would convince her.

Thinking about this, he was pretending that he was having sex with Lauren and took his time. After he came, he pulled out and let his sperm ooze out her slick vagina onto the sheets. Exhausted, he grabbed his pants off the floor and walked naked to his master bedroom. After taking a hot shower to remove the drywall dust, paint splatter from his fingers, and the sweat from fucking the Suzie doll, he went to sleep.

Once the chloroform wore off a couple of hours later, Lauren woke up. She had no way of knowing what time it was or even if it was day or night because there were no windows. The room was dark, however after a few minutes, her eyes adjusted to the low light. It looked like she was in a nice house. Maybe in a living room. The room was decorated in warm colors. The walls were burgundy with dark gray panels on the bottom separated by dark oak chair rails going around the room. There was a large sofa and a couple of chairs all made of rich black leather surrounding a glass coffee table and some end tables. The left wall was what appeared to be built in cabinets with small glass shelves above. Maybe a small wet bar. On the right side of the room hung a huge television. The ceiling had recessed lighting and there was a huge rug under the furniture. She guessed that everything here was new because she could smell fresh paint and new carpet.

Most of Lauren’s vision was straight ahead as she had no movement of her head. She could look up and down and slightly to the left and right. She assumed that her frame was mounted on a free-standing rack on the floor at one end of the room. Her hair framed the side of her face and mostly obscured her peripheral vision. She had no idea that she was mounted in the wall.

Her body was still getting used to this new position, so her back and neck were in great pain as usual. She had been permanently installed in her new steel frame for about two weeks now and was familiar with her predicament. Since she was in a new environment and a place she had never seen, she wondered if anything had changed with her frame so she decided to test her limits. She tried to squirm but only had slight movement. Basically, she could wiggle her butt a little. Thanks to the rods anchored to her skull, her head was left virtually motionless. Her only accomplishment was to shift her eyes to look around the room and even that was somewhat limited because of her hair.

She remained there for hours alone, taking in her new surroundings, wondering where she was and what was going to happen to her. Finally, she heard footsteps to her left. Her anxiety rose as the steps on the hardwood floor grew nearer.

The lights turned on and a man walked up to her. He was standing only two feet in front of her. She tried to look up at him, but her field of view was only the bulge in his pants directly in front of her. As the man took a couple of steps back, his face came into view. She was surprised to see it was her husband, Ben. Lauren tried to voice her displeasure but all she could create was an incoherent whisper.

“Hello dear. Welcome back home. I hope you had fun the last four months,” Ben said. “In case you are wondering where you are, you are in our basement. We had it redone just for you. What do you think?” She just looked at him with a look of contempt. “You are a good addition to the house. What I mean by that is that you are mounted into the wall and your ass is on the other side of this wall so all your holes can and will be used.”

“Hey, I got an idea,” Ben said with a lively smile on his face. “Let's take some pictures to commemorate this special occasion.”

He grabbed his phone from his back pocket, pointed it at her and started clicking photos. He took pictures from almost every angle.

“Smile for the camera, Lauren,” He said sarcastically.

He then disappeared to her left. There must have been a door there. She could hear him talking in the other room behind her.

“Oh. That's it. Yup. Just like that. Now keep smiling,” Ben said, knowing full well he was talking pictures of her pussy. “Damn! That's a great ass.”

He returned and kneeled in front of her. “Let’s take a look at these glamor shots,” he said, showing her the photos of herself.

The first photos he showed her were straight on of her face. From that angle, it looked like a head coming out of a wall with a pair of big tits hanging below. When he showed Lauren the profile shots, she understood why her neck hurt so much, because her head was bent backwards at a 90-degree angle to her body. As he scrolled, he showed her an up-close shot of the back of her head where the two steel rods attached to her skull. When she saw them, tears welled up in her eyes. Then he showed her pictures of her anus and pussy. Lauren was a pretty modest woman and that was something she didn't want to see.

“Oh, I forgot to tell you,” he said, putting his phone on an end table. “You will be used by Chad too. As you know, he’s into this kind of thing just like me. In fact, he helped me finish this wall around you yesterday.”

Tears flowed down her cheeks at hearing that her son had been corrupted like this.

“Well, no sense in waiting any longer. Let’s have some fun this morning. Does that sound good to you?” He smiled.

She just looked at him with down turned eyebrows and made a whisper sound.

“What end should I take first?” Ben thought out loud. “I know. I’ll flip a coin.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out a quarter. He held it on his thumb and flipped it into the air. After it hit the floor, he picked it up and held it in front of Lauren. “Tails it is,” he said with a smile. He put it back in his pocket and disappeared through the door.

About a minute later, she felt a finger around her vagina and it startled her. She thought when he said ‘tails’ that he was going to take her anally. She had never done anal in her life and didn’t want to start now. Although she knew it was just a matter of time.

She felt the head of his cock playing around her pussy. After about 30 seconds, he slipped in. Her newly remade hole was juicy but tight. Tighter than it was ever before and gripped his cock. Ben took his time enjoying this. He wanted to make this last, so he went slow and steady over the fifteen minutes, because it would have been very easy for him to cum in her tight fuck hole.

It was time. He couldn’t hold it any longer and started ramming harder and faster. She was shocked at the amount of pain emanating from her vaginal walls. Tears steadily flowed from her eyes and down to the floor. She could feel it when he exploded in her and she could hear him grunt and moan through the open door.

She felt him pull out and she heard the zipper of his pants go up, then there was dead silence. Apparently, he just walked away and couldn’t even be bothered to acknowledge her in the other room. Over the next several hours, she sat there stuck in the wall and her head completely motionless crying. Cum dripping from her sex in the other room and tears dripping off her face in the other.

Later that afternoon, she had fallen asleep. In her new condition, she barely slept. Every little sound would startle her awake, nervous of what might happen to her next. She quickly opened her eyes when she heard someone coming down the stairs. She expected to see Ben. But to her surprise, it was her son, Chad.

He slowly walked around the room for a minute, then stopped near her.

Their eyes met. “Please help me, son. I love you,” she mouthed as best she could with no tongue.

Chad looked at her with no reaction. It was at that moment that she knew he was indeed just like his father and he would show her no mercy.

Without any sound, he unbuttoned his pants and grabbed his already hard shaft. Lauren knew what was about to happen, and tried her hardest to keep her mouth closed. The thought of taking her son’s penis in any part of her body repulsed her greatly.

He took a step to her, placing his erect shaft under her nose. She kept her mouth shut tight, then Chad used his hands to pry her mouth open. Resigning to his strength, she let her jaw slack as his member penetrated her mouth. She thought he would take it easy on her since it was his mom, but she was wrong.

He didn't even start slow. He was pumping hard right from the start. He appeared to be bigger and longer than his father. She wasn't sure since this was the very first blow job she had ever given.

Over the next several minutes, he pumped so hard that it hurt the back of her head pushing those rods against her skull. After a few minutes of what seemed like forever, he finally shot a huge load into her mouth. She was shocked at how much cum came out of his dick and the force at which his goo hit the back of her mouth.

He held his cock in her mouth for another 30 seconds until he was completely drained. Once he was convinced that she had swallowed all of it, he pulled back out. To his surprise, she spit most of it out onto the floor. Instinctively as his dominant nature, Chad slapped her across the face. “That’s not nice,” he said, pointing a figure in her face. “You will swallow every drop of my cum or a slap on the face will be the least of your concerns. Do you understand?” Lauren just looked up at him with tears in her eyes as Chad zipped up his jeans and walked away.

She wished she had water to wash the slimy salty taste out of her mouth. She figured the best way was to create saliva and repeatedly swallow to minimize the taste. Lauren spent the rest of the day crying. Mostly thinking about Chad. Her only son who she loved very much. How could he be so cruel to someone, let alone his own mother?

Over the next few months, her husband and son would take turns fucking her in the ass, pussy, or the mouth. Sometimes, they would double-team her. Ben would take her mouth while Chad was in the next room taking her asshole.

Ben would sometimes taunt and laugh at her. But usually, Chad would come down there and get right to business. She spent most of the time ignored in favor of the younger sex doll. Occasionally she would get a surprise by someone poking her in the anus. They would, however, regularly shoot their loads in her mouth after ass fucking the doll. It was the ultimate humiliation being forced to swallow her son’s cum. Her life could not get any worse. Or so she thought.
