---
original_url: https://www.mummified.net/storieslr/new_bride_of_the_mummy.html
subcategory: Mummified
title: The New Bride of the Mummy
authors:
- Darkraptor1
tags:
- MF+/f
- mum
- entombed
- nc
- X
date: 2005-05-13 00:00:00
---

*This story is a sequel to [Brides
of the Mummy](../storiesad/brides_of_the_mummy.html)*

It was extremely dark inside the
corridors of the pyramid. Alexis poked her flashlight through the doorway,
trying to see down the long hallway that stretched before her.  “Alexis,
come in. Status report.”

The sudden plea squawking from the
radio made her jump. She picked up the radio and pressed the reply button.

“Nothing yet. I’m descending into
the lower passageways.”

“All right, but be careful," the
garbled voice at the other end said. “Nobody has been down there in thousands
of years. There could be traps.”

Alexis shook her head.  “You
really think I’d fall for a trap? I’m not that blind.”

“I worry sometimes. Report back
in five.” The radio went silent.

Clipping the radio back to her belt,
Alexis held her flashlight up and continued her downward trek deep into
the pyramid. She had been going downwards for five minutes before the floor
leveled out. Eager to report, Alexis pulled out her radio again. “HQ, Alexis
here. The path has leveled out.”

 “Roger, report back when you
find anything.”

 Excited, Alexis quickly moved
onward. The flashlight highlighted a few torch slots within the stone walls
of the corridor. Pulling out her lucky lighter, Alexis was delighted to
find that a few torches were still set within the wall.  Putting the
lighter to good use, she managed to light three of them, illuminating the
long corridor. Continuing onwards, Alexis inspected the walls methodically,
like any good archeologist would.  They were covered in hieroglyphs
describing the life of a very important pharaoh that was buried somewhere
within the pyramid.  For years people had searched for his body, but
Alexis felt that she was going to be the first one to locate it. The corridor
in front of her came to a stop. Squinting in the dim light, Alexis made
out a wall of solid rock that seemed ended her progress. But this couldn’t
be a dead end. There was no logical reason to have this hidden corridor
come down underneath the pyramid only to end at a dead end.

 “HQ, I’ve come to a dead end.
Doesn’t look like there’s any door nearby.”

“Acknowledged.  We’re sending
a team down to assist you. ETA, fifteen minutes.”

Alexis fumed silently. She’d come
all the way down here, and now she was going to have to rely on a team
to help her out. It was cramping her style. And that style was to go it
alone, with nobody else. She’d have to think hard. There must be a door
here. She could sense that something big was somewhere nearby, and she
wanted to be the one who would find it. Images of commissions danced in
her head.

As luck would have it, something
caught her attention. There were two small alcoves set into the wall on
both sides near the giant stone wall. One was empty. The other had a small
vase set within it. With museum-like caution, she lifted the vase out of
the alcove and flashed her light into the niche.  There was a small
keyhole of some kind set inside. This was how the door opened, she smiled.
But where was the key? Thinking for a few moments, Alexis suddenly got
an idea. She reached inside the vase, and to her surprise, there was a
key in the bottom. She smiled again. How lucky could one girl get?

The key fit perfectly into the hole.
Tingling with excitement, Alexis twisted it. There was a loud rumbling
noise. Heavy things shifted and moved. Ancient gears long unused clinked
again. Finally, the dead end at the end of the hall began to move. Alexis
watched in amazement as a stone slab shifted aside, revealing darkness
behind it. Too mesmerized to radio her find, Alexis took one of the torches
and walked into the chamber. The darkness there was even more absolute
than in the corridor behind her. The torch cast but a dim flicker. Whatever
room she was in, it was obviously very large, possibly the biggest in the
entire pyramid. Its walls stretched far into the distance. The ceiling
was at least twenty feet high, and the walls spread a great distance from
each other.

In front of each wall were sarcophagi.
Curious, Alexis walked up to one and began to inspect it. The sarcophagus
was made of dark stone. She tried moving the lid. It didn’t budge. Whatever
was within this coffin was definitely sealed in tight. Moving on, Alexis
watched in amazement as sarcophagus after sarcophagus appeared in the torchlight.
Within three minutes she had counted thirty. In ten minutes, more than
eighty. Once she reached the end of the chamber, she counted a hundred.

One hundred. That was a large number
of bodies to be buried on one place -- even in a pharaoh’s tomb. 
Alexis knew that no more then ten mummies had ever been discovered in a
single tomb. This was going to make her famous, she realized. Alexis then
realized that there was something behind her. She wheeled and saw a large
sarcophagus, one that towered above the others. It was at least eight feet
by six feet in size.

 “This must be the ruler's,”
Alexis whispered to herself.

Setting her torch in a small holder,
she tried to remove the cover of sarcophagus. It wouldn’t budge. Then she
noticed a small lever hidden behind the great stone coffin. She pulled
it. Instantly the lid began to move. She watched, fascinated, as it slowly
slid off, then peered inside. There was a giant coffin inside, constructed
out of black wood. A great ruler’s head dress was carved into the head
of the coffin. This was obviously an important person. What intrigued her
though, were two knobs set into the coffin.  Curious, she reached
down and twisted them. There was a loud click. Then a bang. Whirling about,
Alexis saw that the door to the entrance of the chamber was closing. Grabbing
her torch, she ran towards it, but it had already sealed tightly against
the wall by the time she reached it.

Alexis frantically searched the
door and the nearby walls for any switch to reopen the door. She found
nothing. With a chill, she realized that the door was not meant to be opened
from this side. She was sealed in. Blind panic began to set into her brain
as she fought to maintain her composure. There must be a way out, there
had to be. Then she heard a sound at the end of the chamber. A moan. A
very human moan. Alexis turned very slowly. The sound was coming from the
giant sarcophagus that she had opened. Could it be? No, it couldn’t. Mummies
couldn't be raised from the dead. 
 But, then what was causing
that noise?

“Who’s there?" Alexis shouted. “Who
is it?”

There was no reply.

“Who’s there?” she shouted, louder
this time. “I demand that you show yourself.”

The owner of the footsteps obliged.
Alexis watched as the form of a man began to appear before her.  When
it walked directly into the torchlight, Alexis gasped in terror. It was
a mummy. A walking mummy. Just like in the old horror movies, it was a
man wrapped entirely in ancient, yellowed bandages. It said nothing as
it walked very slowly towards her.

“Stop!” Alexis commanded, stumbling
backwards. “Stop right there!”

This couldn’t be happening, she
tried to tell herself. It just couldn’t. Mummies don’t come back from the
dead. The mummy continued to Alexis, coming within a few feet of her. She
brandished her torch as a weapon, and the bandaged figure stopped. Alexis
was too terrified to think. Fight or flight? She couldn’t decide. All she
could focus on was this impossible sight before her. The mummy raised its
hand, revealing a small amulet around its wrist. It pointed the thing at
Alexis and began to speak in ancient Egyptian. Alexis groaned in disgust
as she heard the mummy speak. Its voice was the dry croak of a person who
had not spoken in thousands of years. Its utterance was muffled by the
layers of bandages wrapping its face.

As she strained to make sense of
its words, Alexis noticed that a faint green mist was swirling out of the
amulet and coming right for her. The mist reached her quickly, encircling
her face. It was cold, and she felt like it was penetrating her very brain.
When the mist vanished, the mummy spoke again. To Alexis’s complete surprise,
she could understand him.

“I thank you stranger, for awakening
me," the mummy said in perfect English. Its voice -- no longer a dry, muffled
hiss -- sounded regal and well articulated. Somehow, Alexis thought, it
seemed to be resonating insider her brain, not in her ears.

“Wh…who…who are you?” she stammered.

“I am a Pharaoh of Egypt," the mummy
replied. “I have lain here for thousands of years in the slow sleep of
death embalmed. You brought me back when you twisted the knobs on my coffin.
The magic within the knobs has returned me. And now I require your assistance.”

Alexis didn't respond. Her ability
to comprehend what was happening had melted down. She was talking to a
mummy that had lain here for thousands of years. Whether he had been dead
or asleep, she couldn’t tell. But now he wanted her help?

“What is it you want of me?” she
finally asked.

“I ask of you to speak,” the Pharaoh
said. “Speak and tell me all that has happened since my time. What year
is it?”

“It’s the year 2035,” Alexis said.

“I have slept long, but I didn't
think it would be this long," the voice replied. "Please, tell me all that
has happened since my time.”

Trying to remember everything she
could from her history classes, Alexis told the mummy of the rise of civilizations
such as the Romans and the Greeks. She told him of Napoleon, the American
Revolution, the following world and cold wars, and the events of the 21st
Century.

“You speak of much," the Pharaoh
said. “The world has changed considerably since my time. I wish I could
see it all.”

“Well, why not?" Alexis asked, hoping
the mummy knew how to get her out of the tomb. "Go out there and see the
world.”

“Alas, I cannot," the mummy said.
“I am bound to my tomb for all time. I must remain here. My advisor assassinated
me long ago, and he placed a curse on me. Should ever awaken, it is said,
I would be bound to my tomb and would never be able to leave.”

The mummy hung its bandaged head
slightly.

“I wish I could see it all," its
voice continued. "But I cannot. And I am afraid you cannot either.”

“What?” Alexis said, alarmed at
his last statement. “What do you mean?”

“I am afraid I cannot allow you
to leave," the Pharaoh said. “You have learned too much, and if you left,
you would only tell the world of me and my existence. For thousands of
years I have rested peacefully here, but now that is in jeopardy because
of you. I am afraid you must join me in this sleep of ages.”

Alexis backed away.

“Look buddy, but I have a life out
there," she said, raising her torch again. "I'm not going to stay here
because you tell me to.”

The Pharaoh shook his head.

“I am afraid you have no choice.
You can join me willingly, or I shall force you to join me.”

“What are you going to do?” Alexis
taunted, backing toward the blocked entrance, her torch still held high.
“Wave your arms and cast some magic spell? You get near me, and you burn.”

The pharaoh raised his right hand
and called out in a loud voice. Alexis shrunk back, half expecting a lighting
bolt or fire ball to shoot her way.  Instead, Alexis looked behind
the pharaoh and saw the lids on the black sarcophagi falling to the floor.

“You will now join me, even if it
is against your will," the mummy said, still holding his right hand in
the air.

There was movement from within the
one hundred black sarcophagi. Alexis saw an arm emerge from the one closest
to her. It was wrapped completely up in yellowed bandages. Then the arm's
owner appeared. A female form wrapped head to toe in bandages slowly climbed
out of its resting place. Although its face was hidden behind bandages,
Alexis could see a pair of living eyes peering from behind a narrow slit
-- the only part of its body not swathed in the moldering cloth. The female
mummy stiffly raised its arms and began to walk towards her. As it did,
another female mummy emerged from a nearby sarcophagus. Then another, and
another, and another, until one hundred female mummies were walking slowly
toward Alexis. They were closing in, and Alexis realized that even if she
managed to fend off a few with her torch, there was no way she could battle
this bandaged army. There was no escape.

The first mummy acted with surprising
dexterity, quickly reaching for Alexis. Alexis shrieked and swung her torch
like a club, narrowly missing the mummy. Several hands grabbed her arm,
then twisted it, forced her to drop the torch. The rest of the bandaged
women descended upon her, grabbing and holding her until she was completely
helpless. Alexis shrieked in terror and struggled to fight her way out.
It was hopeless. There were simply too many mummies holding her immobile.
Then he heard the Pharaoh’s voice.

“You will now join me as my newest
bride, and you shall sleep with me and my one hundred wives forever."

The mummies began to silently move
towards the pharaoh’s sarcophagus at the end of the room, dragging Alexis
along with them. She shouted, kicked and spat all the way. When the reached
the end of the room, the Pharaoh’s mummy walked into her field of vision.
He raised his hand and spoke a command. A large stone panel on the floor
swiveled to reveal a dark hole. Then a table slowly rose from the hole.
It continued rising until it was level with the pharaoh’s waist. There
were cuffs at the four corners of the table, clearly meant to hold someone
in a spread-eagle position. Alexis intensified her struggling as she saw
the cuffs on the table. There was no way she could allow herself to be
locked down for whatever the Pharaoh had in mind.

“Now, you shall be mummified," the
Pharaoh said, looking directly at her. “And then you shall be buried with
us, joining us here forever.”

Alexis let out a scream of despair
as the Pharaoh’s brides lifted her onto the table and forced her limbs
into the cuffs. The restraints instantly snapped shut, locking in place.
Alexis shouted and yanked at her restraints, but they held fast and kept
her wrists and ankles locked into a spread-eagle position. She was totally
helpless and at the mercy of an undead Egyptian king who wanted her to
be mummified and buried alive. Two of the brides came forward, carrying
several rolls of thick and tightly woven bandages. Alexis stared at them
as they approached the mummification table, only their eyes peering impassively
from behind their bandages hinted that living beings resided inside the
wrappings. Several of the other mummies tore off Alexis’s clothes, leaving
her naked on the table. She shivered in the cool air of the tomb.

“Now mummify her," the Pharaoh commanded
his brides.

The mummies closest to Alexis grabbed
the bandages at their disposal and began to wrap her. Alexis could not
resist as multiple sets of hands toiled to wrap bandages around her body.
There was no way for her to resist her encasement. She kept struggling,
hoping beyond hope that she could somehow escape. But as her legs and arms
were wrapped up, she realized with that there was no escape from her fate.
The brides moved surprisingly fast as they continued to enshroud her in
clean white strips of linen. Within two minutes, Alexis’s arms and legs
had been enveloped in thousands of yards bandages, and the brides moved
to wrapping her breasts, stomach and groin.

“Stop,” Alexis pleaded as her breasts
disappeared under the bandages. "Please don't do this."

Alexis was proud of her breasts,
which had been the envy of the other female members of the archeology team. 
Tears welled in her eyes as she realized she could do nothing but watch
as her body slowly vanished beneath a tight, compressing cocoon of bandages.
With her breasts encased, the mummy brides moved on to Alexis’s bare tummy.
As they pulled the bandages tighter and tighter, Alexis had to breathe
harder and faster to compensate for the snug enclosure. The bandaging continued
for another two minutes before Alexis’s body was encased in a full body
sheath of bandages.  She kept tugging at her restraints, which easily
held her in check.

“Please,” Alexis tearfully shouted
again to the Pharaoh, who watched silently. “Please don’t do this. I promise
I won’t tell anybody about you or this place. I’m begging you, please stop.”

The pharaoh shook his head.

“You cannot leave. You are almost
complete. We must finish what we have started." He looked at his brides,
who were now standing still, awaiting their master’s command. “Bandage
her arms and legs together, and finish her.”

Upon hearing the command, the brides
continued their work. They descended upon the ankle cuffs and released
them. Alexis instinctively kicked out, but her legs were caught by twenty
hands and forced together. She thrashed and cursed at her captors as they
took more bandages and wound them around both of her legs, sealing them
together. Alexis' kicks became smaller and smaller as bandages enveloped
her wrapped legs and sealed them together.  Soon, she couldn't move
her legs at all. They were fused into a single unit under countless layers
of cloth. With Alexis' legs sealed together, the brides released her handcuffs.

Knowing that this was her last chance
at escape, Alexis punched and grabbed at anything near her. But there were
simply too many captors to resist. Multiple sets of hands grabbed her arms
and forced them into an X pattern across her chest. Alexis screamed and
cursed, blinded by her tears, as her arms were held to her breast and bandages
used to bind them in place. She thrashed and pushed with all her might.
But it was too little, too late. The bandages now held her arms securely
in position, and no amount of struggling could grant her any leverage.
She could see that thick layers of bandages had turned her form into a
motionless cocoon. The mummies then moved to her head. A pair of hands
held it still while two mummies took rolls and began to quickly wrap them
around her neck and face.

“Please," Alexis sobbed. “Please
don’t.”

The mummies ignored her pleas, bandaging
her head until her soft skin vanished forever underneath the wrappings. 
Her hearing began to fade as layers of bandages squashed her ears flat.
There was one thing they had to do before they completely bandaged her
face, however. One mummy took a long roll of bandage and compressed it
into a tight ball. Alexis shook her head in fear and terror as she realized
what was going to happen. The mummy brought the squashed roll of bandage
towards her mouth. Alexis shut her mouth as tight as possible, refusing
to open. Withought pausing, the mummy pinched her nose shut. Unable to
breathe, Alexis panicked as the horrible burning pressure began to build
inside her. Slowly but surely, the pressure built until her entire body
was on fire. It was agonizing. Unable to resist any longer, Alexis instinctively
opened her mouth to take a deep gasp. That is when the mummy thrust the
wad of cloth into her mouth. She tried to scream, but failed. The bandages
muffled the cry inside her throat.  Panicking, she tried to move her
tongue around the wad, but it was pressed down tightly, and she could no
longer move it.

The mummies then took more rolls
of bandages and tightly wound them around Alexis’s head and jaw, sealing
her mouth completely shut. As Alexis sobbed into her gag of wadded linen,
the brides continued to apply rolls of bandages around her mouth, ensuring
that it would stay closed forever. She looked up through her tears and
saw the eyes of her bandaged captors. They still showed no emotion. With
Alexis' mouth sealed, there was but one thing left to do -- wrap the remainder
of her face. The mummies wove the bandages around her face, progressing
higher and higher with each wrap.

Alexis completely lost it -- the
horrible reality of her situation had hit her in full. She was going to
remain here forever. She would remain as a living mummy, never to escape.
This was her fate. Tears of frustration and helplessness flowed soundlessly
down her cheeks, quickly absorbed by the bandages that were now mere centimeters
from her eyes. One mummy took two small rolls of bandages and wadded them
up.  The wads were quickly moved towards Alexis’s eyes. Withought
thinking, she instinctively closed them. The last thing she would ever
see was the sight of the mummies around her, and the ceiling high above
her. 
The wads were placed onto Alexis’s
eyelids and pressed down, forcing her to keep her eyes shut. They were
held in place as the bandages the brides wrapped bandages around the eyes. 
A few more wraps of the bandages, and Alexis' face was now sealed away
behind many layers of white bandages.

With the second layer completed,
the mummies quickly began the final layer. They brought forward a large
shroud, and wrapped securely around the body of the newest bride. The girl
inside was unable to resist as the shroud was tucked around her body. With
the large sheet secured in place, the mummies began wrapping the bandages
in an intricate interlacing pattern around the entire body. When the final
decorative layer was complete, the new mummy looking something like a long
cigar-shape, woven of white cloth.

Alexis was now encased within several
inches bandages from which she would never be released. The wrapping was
so thick it was impossible to tell whether her form was male or female.
A new black sarcophagus rose from the floor of the chamber. Within it lay
a coffin. The brides of the mummy brought forward an intricately carved
wooden death mask, which they placed onto the newest bride. The mask completely
encased and contained Alexis' head and upper shoulders. They then picked
up her bandaged form, raised it to their shoulders and carried her to the
new sarcophagus. They then opened the lid of the coffin inside and lowered
the new bride inside. Her bandages were so thick that it was a snug fit.

The Pharaoh then came forward with
his amulet. He gently spun it and began to chant. A green mist drifted
from the artifact and down onto the newly wrapped mummy, where it penetrated
the bandages. A mist of sleep quickly took effect, and Alexis fell into
a deep, deep sleep from which she would not awaken. The mummies then placed
the coffin lid in place, and slid sarcophagus cover in place, sealing the
sleeping mummy within its protective encasement. With the task completed,
the pharaoh and his brides returned to their private coffins to resume
the long slow sleep that they had enjoyed for centuries. The mummies climbed
into the coffins and closed them from the inside. The lids of the sarcophagi
slid back into place by themselves. Within five minutes, all was silent
again.

The rest of the pharaoh and his
brides had resumed. The mummy that had once been Alexis had now joined
them in this sleep of ages. They would all sleep together, forever.

A few minutes later, Alexis’s abandoned
torch sputtered out.

All was dark.

“Where is she?” Ellen asked.

“Her last radio transmission came
from here," another member of the support team said.

The pair were among five explorers
that had been sent into the pyramid to assist Alexis, but they could find
no sign of her. Fifteen minutes passed before they discovered the secret
key and lock that opened the tomb of the Pharaoh. Another ten minutes passed
before they discovered his coffin. Then, in two hours, five more brides
joined the pharaoh. Within a few days, the entire archaeology team exploring
the pyramid vanished withought a trace, lost forever among the swirling
sands of the desert.

Any comments/criticism are appreciated. 
They help me refine and improve my writing.
