---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Party Last Night
authors:
- Jean-Marc Conier
tags:
- n-a
---

This is
the first story I am posting to the net. I'll post the remainder of the
story if I get any reasonable feedback. Of course that's awfully selfish
of me considering how much I have enjoyed stories by Dierdre, Jym, Kristen,
M1ke Hunt and many others, and I never wrote to them letting them know
what I liked... I welcome commentary and suggestions...I have written around
25 stories, none of them published anywhere and I may go back and edit
them for the newsgroups. I find writing these is a welcome break from the
psychological thriller novel I'm writing that seems destined to go unfinished...

WARNING: This story is a
work of fiction that contains descriptions of explicit sexual acts. If
this type of content offends you, or you are under the age of 18, do not
read it. Though of course, I really doubt anyone has ever read the disclaimer
before realizing they were in the alt.sex hierarchy... :)

The Party Last Night

I suppose it would be nice to begin at the beginning but I'm not really
sure where that would be. Last night my wife and I went to a party thrown
by a mutual friend. I didn't really want to go, but Danielle seemed so
excited about it I went anyway. It had been a very long week of work getting
ready for the busy summer season at the Truck Wash. I recently got a promotion
to Day Shift Manager, not much more pay, just a lot more headaches. But
the job includes benefits and we needed the insurance. Unfortunately, most
of my crew from last summer had moved on and I've been busy trying to hire
and train enough people to be ready in time.

Every night for the last couple weeks I've come home later and later.
Dani seemed all right with that, a little distant perhaps, but we've been
through worse. Our dinner conversation has been sparse at best and the
sex has been even sparser. The first couple years of marriage, Dani would
greet me with open arms and a wet pussy when I came home from work. Now
it's a grunt from the couch telling me dinner's in the microwave.
I guess that's the main reason I agreed to go to the party. I hoped
we could rekindle something by hanging out with our fancy-free friends
and reliving more care-free times. I had to argue with my boss for an hour
to leave before 6 in hopes of being to the party by 8. The whole drive
home I told myself that I should make an effort to make this Dani's night,
she deserved it. I got home around 7 and found a note on the fridge telling
me she'd already left for the party and would see me there. It was a little
unlike her, but I guess I underestimated how much she wanted to go.

I showered away the day's stress and began changing clothes. I wanted
to look nice for her so I pulled out a sweater I knew she loved and my
good slacks. A little styling gel and a splash of cologne and I felt like
a college student again. It took me a few minutes to find my dress shoes;
it always does. They needed a good polish but I knew I was probably taking
too long as it was so I headed out the door.
As I pulled in to the subdivision it seemed odd that the street wasn't
full of cars. Usually when Michelle throws a party the whole block is full.
Instead only two or three cars were on the street. I wondered if perhaps
I wasn't so late after all. Michelle and her new husband Bill had just
moved into this house a few months before. The landscaping was magnificent
and reflected the free time Bill had at his union job. The house was the
gem of the neighborhood.

Dani's car was in the driveway so I parked on the street out front.
I could hear muffled music from inside. I adjusted my sweater and brushed
my hair back with my fingers then rang the doorbell. I smiled to myself
as I heard their musical door chimes through the door ringing out like
some old fashioned church bell. Michelle always was a little strange.
After a few moments, Bill greeted me at the door and ushered me in.
Michelle had done quite well for herself. Bill was tall and slender with
the kind of features that land you on magazine covers. At first glance
he appears to be a skinny weakling, but one handshake will convince you
otherwise.
"Jim, buddy! Good to see you. We were starting to wonder if you'd make
it."
"Yeah, traffic was a little nuts on 47," I lied. "But I'm here now.
I see my better half is already here."
"Yep, they're upstairs having girl talk. Let me show you around."

The party was more like a quiet gathering of a dozen friends and it
didn't take long for Bill to introduce me to all the guests. Some people
I knew from previous parties. The rest I assumed were work acquaintances
of Bill's. After an hour or so, I realized I still hadn't seen Dani or
Michelle. I flagged Bill down and asked him how long he thought they were
going to be. A strange smile came over his face.
"I dunno really. Though I think it may be a while yet. If you want,
you can go up and find out for yourself." Bill pointed up the stairs and
then returned to his drink as a work buddy called him over.
I set my drink down on the counter and made my way to the stairs. The
walls in the stairwell were lined with expensive-looking watercolors that
depicted women in various stages of undress. As I reached the top of the
stairs I noticed a series of photographs on one wall. They pictured a solitary
woman blindfolded and bound in assorted positions. In every photo the woman's
face was turned away from the camera giving the pictures an eerie voyeuristic
feel. I felt my breath quicken and I turned away, somewhat fearful, though
I knew not of what.

A light was on in a room at the end of the hallway and I headed toward
it. I adjusted my sweater and ran my fingers through my hair once again.
At the door I paused and heard muffled sounds from inside. Faint, high-pitched
sounds like those of a child or a puppy. I knocked softly on the door.
"Dani? You in there? It's me. Jim."
The sounds inside the room stopped and I listened intently for footsteps
but heard none. In fact I heard nothing at all. Then abruptly the light
under the door went out, and the door opened just a few inches. Michelle's
face, or rather her left eye, appeared in the doorway.
"Yes, Jim? What did you need sweetie?" Her tone was pleasant but somewhat
abrupt.
"I was looking for Dani." I tried to peer through the door but she
blocked my view. The smile had gone from her face and she seemed hurried
to get me out.
"She's busy right now, honey. I'm sure she'll be down to see you later."
She started to close the door.
"Wait!" then a little softer, "please." She paused and waited for me
to continue. "I'd really wanted to make this a special night for Dani.
She really deserves it. If she wants me to go back downstairs I will, I
just wanted to make sure she knew I wasn't ignoring her."

"Sweetie, she has other things on her mind right now. Frankly I don't
think it matters to her where you are or what you're doing. She's a little
too busy to worry about you."
"Busy? What do you mean? Can I please see her?" I was growing more
impatient by the minute and wanted to know just what was keeping my wife
so busy. Michelle seemed determined to prevent just that.
"Just a minute." She gruffly closed the door in my face. I listened
for any sign of what was going on, but heard only muffled whispers. After
a couple minutes, I began to worry about what could possibly be keeping
my wife. In a strange way I could feel my marriage falling apart.
"She says you can come in, on two conditions. First, you are not to
interfere with what she is busy doing. Second, you may not leave the room
until she has finished."
"Fine. Fine. Just let me in."
"You accept her conditions, then?"
I didn't understand why she would need to ask me twice, but I hastily
reaffirmed that, yes, I accepted her conditions. I wasn't trying to interfere
with anything and I wasn't going anywhere anyway.

She opened the door, and I shuffled into the dark room. I heard the
door close behind me and a faint click indicating it had been locked. A
hand took me gently by the wrist and led me forward a few steps. Another
click and a table lamp came on. A moment later I saw just why my wife was
so busy.
Directly in front of me, seated on a high-back arm-less wooden chair,
was Dani. Her ankles were tied to the legs of the chair with soft nylon
rope, a rope that also held her knees apart and cinched down tight. Her
wrists were tied tightly behind her, pulling her shoulders back and thrusting
her chest obscenely forward. Two more ropes crisscrossed in front of her,
separating her breasts and digging in to her soft belly. Her blindfolded
head was turned sharply to the right and seemed held there.
After a moment I realized the gag in her mouth was somehow tied to
her wrists, keeping her from facing forward. Only then did my conscious
mind recognize that she was naked. Beads of sweat ran between her breasts
and down her neck. And her thighs were strained against her bonds. Suddenly
I recognized who the model was for the photographs in the hallway.

I stood like a statue, too frightened and overwhelmed to move, as Michelle
stepped in front of me and whispered something in Dani's captive ear. If
the sight of Dani had frightened me, then the sight of Michelle almost
made me faint. Her entire body seemed to be one shiny black mass.
From her boots to her gloved fingertips, she was covered in tight black
leather. As she turned from Dani to me, I saw that key parts of her body
were left exposed. Her breasts were provocatively displayed through openings
in the bodice, and I saw her small dark nipples for the first time. As
my gaze drifted lower I saw the crotch of her outfit was open as well.
Her fingers stopped my tour as she lifted my chin into her eyes.

Her dark green eyes were smoldering and I saw something there I had
not seen before. Not at the parties in college. And not at any of the casual
dinner parties. An animalistic lust was plainly visible and I felt for
a moment that I was being hunted.
"So, Jim. You like what you see?" Her hand drifted down my chest, past
my belt and touched gently on my crotch. "Or does it frighten you too much?"
Her fingers grasped my cock through the slacks and squeezed. I felt momentarily
faint and my whole body trembled a little. Then a strange calm came over
me.
"Actually,.... yes to both questions."
Her hand took mine and pulled it down her belly past the edge of the
leather. The action pulled me forward bringing my head to her shoulder
as my fingers sank into her pussy hair. She rubbed my fingers across her
wet slit and brought her lips to my ear.
"Who would you rather trade places with, Jim? Me, or your wife?"
She bit down hard on my earlobe and ground her cunt against my hand.

Two images fought in my head. One was of my wife, Dani, bound in place,
her mouth open and wet, as I fucked her mouth with my cock. The other was
of being blindfolded and tied, nails scratching down my chest, pinching
my balls, toying with the head of my cock. The images were broken by the
feel on Michelle's warm tongue sliding into my ear as her hand rhythmically
squeezed my cock. I forgot all about the party, my wife, my job, everything
but her hot breath on my ear and her fingers on my dick. Too quickly, she
pulled away and I fell slightly forward, my pulse quickening. When I looked
up again, Michelle was holding soft nylon rope stretched in front of me.
"Let's find out shall we?" A gleam in her eye suggested I didn't have
much choice.
She held my gaze for a moment before turning away abruptly. As she
took two steps towards a dresser against the wall my eyes returned to Dani.
Her nipples were hard and tight, small drops of sweat trickling down the
curve of her breast. Her thighs were taut, stretching against the ropes,
with just a faint quiver indicating the struggle. As my eyes adjusted,
smaller details became clear. The matted hair surrounding her cunt. Thin
angry red lines which crisscrossed the side of her hip before disappearing
underneath her ass. Her toes curled tight against the floor.

I was so lost in my wife's beauty I didn't hear the command from Michelle
until she repeated it.
"I said strip!"
I looked up into Michelle's stern grimace and knew at once the role
I was destined to play. Before I had even considered the implications my
fingers had unbuttoned my slacks which slid to the floor. I bent at the
waist to pull my shoes off, then tugged one pantleg over my foot. I heard
the whistle a splitsecond before the crop cut into my ass.
"Faster slave!"

My erection abandoned me as blood flowed to the stinging welt rising
on my cheeks. I tugged the pants free and cast them aside then jerked the
sweater over my hand. I stood in my briefs with a withered erection and
throbbing pain in my ass.
Michelle's hand grasped my shoulder and she spun me around to face
her. In one motion she dropped to her knees in front of me and hooked her
thumbs in the waistband of my briefs. She jerked them roughly to the floor,
then dug her nails into my hips using me as a crutch to rise to her feet
once more. Her left hand rose to the back of my neck and she pulled my
mouth to hers. Her tongue invaded my mouth, forcing my tongue back as she
probed and explored at will. Her teeth nibbled then bit down on my lower
lip as her right hand squeezed and pinched my tender ass.

My cock started rising again as it pressed against the folds of her
cunt. The leather against my chest was warm and soft. Her fingers found
the welt on my left cheek and pinched it hard. I cried out in pain, but
my cry was smothered by her kiss. She wrapped her right leg around me and
squeezed me tightly against her, grinding her mound against my cock. I
felt each pulse in my groin as my arousal grew. Then she shifted her weight
and my legs went out from under me. I fell to the floor with a thud as
she looked down at me laughing.
"So, pet. You wanna chicken out now? Or can you take more?" Her foot
rested on my abdomen, inches above my groin. She ground it against me as
I considered my answer.
I closed my eyes to try to clear my head. So many thoughts and feelings
were rushing through me. I felt out of breath, as though I'd been running
for hours, though it had been scant minutes since I had walked into the
room.
"Well?" Her foot twisted on my belly as though stamping out a cigarette.
It took all the will I could muster to nod my head, eyes still tightly
closed.

My eyes remained closed as I felt the soft nylon rope encircle my wrists,
tying them together. Instinctively I knew I wasn't supposed to move, wasn't
supposed to speak, was just supposed to lie there. Until Michelle told
me what to do. I felt the floor shift beside my head and soft warm leather
settled onto my arms, pinning them over my head.
 The scent reached my nose moments before the warm flesh. Her
cunt was wet and pungent as she settled it down onto my face. Her calves
slid across my arms, the leather pulling my skin, as she lowered herself
into my tongue's reach, my nose settling into the crack of her ass. The
strong, almost earthy scent filled my nostrils. My tongue tentatively probed
at the tender flesh before it, a little too hesitantly for Michelle's taste.
Her hand slid forward, brushing past my cock, and took hold of my balls.
At first the touch was pleasurable, then she began to squeeze. "Is that
the best you can do, slut?" she asked, as her grip tightened.
A wave of panic went through me and my tongue responded with a flurry
of strokes, dancing this way and and that, in light circular strokes and
firm rough licks. My tongue delved between her lips, thrusting gently inside
her and the pain in my groin abruptly ceased. Soft moans signaled her appreciation
as I flicked back and forth across her swollen clit.

Her hand now rest on my thigh, more concerned with supporting her weight
than inflicting torture, and her nails absently dug in to my leg. The legs
on my arms began to quiver with a faint rhythm as my tongue probed deeper
into Michelle's cunt, setting off small spasms with each thrust. Her walls
clenched down on my tongue, trying to trap it within her as her climax
approached. I raised my head slightly to reach her clit once more, and
twirled it in circles over my tongue. Michelle's whole body quivered and
shook and she let out a guttural moan as her juices flooded my mouth. I
continued my assault through two more sets of spasms, each more frantic
than the last, until her swollen pussy was too tender for any more.
Her body collapsed forward, breasts pressed against my belly, head
resting against my thigh, her ragged breathing blowing across my groin.
As my own breathing slowed, I caught a faint whimper from across the room.
For a moment I had forgotten that my own wife was bound and gagged and
forced to listen to the entire scene.

"Very good slut." Michelle said as she rose up off of me. She rolled
her shoulders and arched her back slightly, as though letting her satisfaction
roll over her.
"But I think it's time for my little pet to get some attention."
She walked over to where Dani was sitting and stroked softly down Dani's
neck. Her hand trailed further down, over the swell of her breast, brushing
gently across the hard nipple then down across her belly and between her
thighs. I heard my wife whimper as Michelle's fingertips disappeared from
view, then returned, glistening.
"Would you like a taste, slut?" She extended her hard towards me and
I raised my mouth to meet it. Just as I caught a whiff of the pungent scent,
she jerked her hand away.
"No, I don't think you've earned that yet. Maybe in a little while.
First I think it's time for little Dani to get involved. Let's see how
much she misses you." Michelle returned to Dani's side and released the
gag.

Still blindfolded, my wife turned her face forward, yawning slightly
trying to stretch her tired jaw.
"Well get your ass over here, slut!"
I jumped to my feet and walked over sheepishly, unsure of what was
expected, a little nervous. Michelle grabbed my halfhard cock in her fist
and squeezed it, rubbing her thumb back and forth over the head while she
spoke.
"I'm giving Dani the chance to earn her release; and I'm giving you
the opportunity to take advantage of her like you've only dreamed about.
You know, the thoughts that come to you late at night, when she's out with
friends and you're stuck jerking off." Her hand pumped rhythmically over
my rapidly hardening cock. "And you secretly want to make her pay for not
being there to suck your dick. Don't even think about denying it, Jim.
I wouldn't think about it at all, because the thinking you're doing right
now makes it that much easier for her to win...."
Win? I panicked a little, realizing too late what her intentions were.
I tried to clear my mind but her hand made that rather difficult. She was
right, of course. More right than she knew.

"Here's the deal, Jim. Your pretty little wife is going to try to make
you come. If she can do it in under two minutes, I release her and you'll
be the pet both of us have always wanted for the rest of the night. If
she can't, I guess you and I will have to punish her. You'll get whatever
your heart desires for the rest of the night. Think about what you'd do,
Jim. Or maybe you better not, you're getting awfully hard."She squeezed
one last time, and I felt how right she was. She put her hands on my shoulders
and guided me in front of Dani. My hard prick brushed against her nose,
and she pulled her head back a little. Michelle nudged me forward an inch
or two then stepped to one side.
"Open up, Dani. You have two minutes, starting.... Now!"

Her tongue flashed across her lips to wet them, then she engulfed my
cock in her mouth. As her tongue made its first circle around the head,
I knew I stood no chance. I rarely last two minutes with a bad blowjob,
and this was the best I'd ever had.

.....To be continued....
