---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Smart Duct Tape: The Soldier'
authors:
- Darkraptor
tags:
- Machine/m
- mum
- tape
- cocoon
- nc
- X
date: 2006-07-23 00:00:00
---

*A re-imagining of the original story
“Smart Duct tape” by Naughtylittlegirl*

\*\*\*

Sunday

10:00 PM

"All right, all right!  Look
sharp men!  We arrive in ten minutes!"

The APC rolled through the dark desert
night, en route to the small town of Gidson.  Inside, the group of National
Guard troops checked and double checked their weapons and gear, making
themselves ready for combat at a moments notice.

There was talking as well.  The men
were abuzz with ideas about what was happening.  The official briefing said
that there had been an unidentified emergency radioed in from the town the night
before.  Since then all, all contact to the town had stopped.

And now a small group of National Guard
units were being sent in to investigate.  Of the ten men inside, only the
leader, Cameron, knew what the last phone call out of the town had said. 
"Robots!"  The unidentified person had shouted. 
"Robots everywhere!" 

Then silence.

"So, you ready to go Lucedo?" 

Snapping a cartridge into his M-16,
Lucedo grinned.  "What about you James?  You ready to tango with
whatever we're going up against?"

A grin.  "Yep." 
James turned to Dutch.  "How about you Dutch?"

Dutch nodded his head, calmly thumbing
shells into his double barreled shotgun.  Dutch was the quiet one of the
group.  Austrian, with a big and imposing figure, he rarely spoke.

"All right everyone!" 
Cameron shouted out.  "We've got five minutes!  Look sharp! 
Gordon, any signals coming out from the town?"

The unit's tech expect pushed up his
glasses and tapped away on his laptop.  "Uh, no sir.  Nothing. 
Not a single radio wave or electronic pulse."

"All right!  Everyone get
ready!"

\*\*\*

James had never expected his professor
friend to get into trouble.  But when the call had come out for his unit to
come to this town, he somehow knew that the professor had something to do with
it.  Most likely involving that invention of his.
"I'm telling you it's dangerous."  He had told him. 
"You probably shouldn't do anything with it."  But considering
how stubborn the professor was, he had gone ahead anyway.

And now, less then two days after last
meeting him, James was heading into his town, a town that had gone silent.

Less then three hours ago all the men in
the APC had been at home, getting ready for a night on the town.  Then the
call had come in from base, saying that something had happened at a distant
town.  "An incident" as command called it.

So they had all scrambled, and were
given instructions to go to the town, and find out what had happened.

And now here they were, driving through
the New Mexico desert, the sun's last rays vanishing into the darkness of the
night.

\*\*\*

"Sir," Blackwell announced
from the drivers seat.  "We're about one hundred feet outside of
town."

"Good.  All right everyone,
load up!  We're getting off!"

James grabbed his M-16 and gripped it
tightly.  The other troops clutched their own weapons.  "*The
waiting is always the worst part*."  James thought to himself. 

"You okay James?"

"Yeah, thanks Harrison. 
Just…a bit nervous, that's all."  Without saying a word, Dutch
patted James on the shoulder.

"Okay people, here we go!" 
The APC abruptly rolled to a stop.  The door was slid open, and the men
jumped out into the dark night.

The dark clouds were coving the sky,
completely blocking out the stars.  There was a slight howl as wind blew
across the sand.  In the distance the dim lights of Gidson beckoned.

"All right everyone, loose
formation!  Night vision on.  Report any human like movement the
moment you see it!  Understood?"

There were several chants of "Yes
Sir!"  "All right then, let's move!"  Cameron raised
his rifle and led the way.

Near the back of the group Dutch, James,
Harrison and Gordon stuck together, each quietly scanning the desert night. 
Only Dutch showed no emotion, his face flat and emotionless as his eyes looked
around.

The troops reached the first buildings
in ten minutes, illuminated by a single lamppost.  Cameron raised his arm,
the signal to stop.  Everyone hunched down.  Gordon came forward with
his scanning goggles and peeked through them.

From what he could see, there was no
life in the town.  There were cars parked on the streets, a few empty
strollers lying down, a can or two.  But no people.

He tried infrared.  Nothing. 
Heat vision.  Nothing. 

"Gordon," Cameron whispered. 
"Report."

"Nothing sir.  I can't see
anything.  If I didn't know better, I'd say that the place is a ghost
town."  Cameron considered this. 

"Okay.  Let's move in slowly. 
We'll do a quick sweep and see if anybody's home."

The troops quickly split off into
several small groups.  James got paired up with Harrison, and the two began
to walk through the town, heading for some residential buildings. The neighborhood they went through was
completely silent.  There were cars parked in the street, decorations on
the lawns, a few strollers.  But no people. 

"Where is everybody?"  James whispered to Harrison. 

"I don't know."  His companion said as he slowly looked around. 
"Maybe they're huddled up inside the houses."  He looked over at
a large two story house.  "Let's try there."

The two quickly went across the street
and over a lawn, arriving at the house's front door.  "All
right."  Harrison whispered.  "Flashlights on."  A
quick click and James's barrel mounted flashlight clicked on, followed by
Harrison's.

James pulled out his radio. 
"This is James and Harrison, we're about to conduct a sweep of one of the
houses."

"*Okay*."  The voice of Gordon said.  "*Dutch
and I are going to the shopping complex.  There might be people hiding
there*."

Putting the radio away, James muttered,
"Hiding from what?"

The door was unlocked, allowing Harrison
to open it.  Like the outside, it was pitch black inside the house. 
"Hello?"  Harrison called out.  "Anybody in here?"

Silence. 

Motioning to James, Harrison slowly
walked inside.  His light moved over the walls, revealing lamps, pictures
of smiling families, but nothing out of place.

The two quietly walked in, flashlights
dancing over the walls.  Eyes nervously darted over closets, dark recesses
and empty rooms.

The radio squawked.  "*Dunning
here.  I'm at the local grocery store.  I'm seeing signs of a
struggle, but there aren't any bodies*."

"*This is Smith.  I'm at the
police station.  The situation's the same here.  Signs of a struggle,
but no bodies.  There's signs of a gunfight though*."

Cameron's voice piped in.  "*How
long ago would you say it took place Smith?*"

"*I'd* *say a day or two. 
Maybe several hours, it's hard to tell*." 

Lucido piped in.  "Sarge*,
whatever happened here I think we missed it*."

"*I think you may be right. 
Everyone, continue their sweep.  Report back in five*."  The
radio went silent.

Harrison and James slowly finished their
sweep of the first floor.  There were signs of habitation, such as half
eaten food and drinks.  A cigar was still slightly burning in an ashtray.

"What do you think Harrison?" 
James whispered.  "What happened here?"

"I don't know, but I'm not sure I
want to know what happened."  The upstairs was next.  It was
exactly the same as downstairs.  No people, pitch darkness, and no signs of
a struggle.

After five minutes had gone by, James
pulled out the radio.  "Make it fast."  Harrison said.  "This place is giving
me the creeps."

"Me too."  James
whispered.  "I've got the feeling that something's watching us." 
Harrison nodded as James spoke into the radio.

"*Major Cameron, we haven't found
anything.  It looks like the people just got up and left, leaving
everything behind*."

"*All right, continue your sweep. 
Dunning, report*."

"*Everything's clear here sir. 
There's nobody here at the grocery store*."

"*Okay, good.  Smith?*"

"*The police station is clean sir*."

"*Lucido?*"

"*The sewage plant is clean too
sir.  Nobody's home*."

"*All right.  Dutch, Gordon,
what about you?*"

"*Gordon here sir.  We're at
the shopping center.  We've found signs of a major struggle sir. 
Gunfire, torn walls, broken glass, you name it*."

"*All right.  Everyone get
down to the shopping complex ASAP.  Understood?"*

"*Harrison and James on the way
sir*."

"*Lucido on the way*."

"*Smith coming in too*."

There was silence from one end.

"*Dunning, you copy?*" 
Cameron asked. 

Silence.

"*Dunning, do you copy?*"

Silence.

"*Who's closest to the grocery
store?*"
"*Blackwell and Buckingham here sir.  We're about a minute away*."

"*Get over to the grocery store
and see what's holding up Dunning*."

"*Roger sir.  We'll report
back*."

Without wasting any more time, Harrison
and James quickly scurried down the stairs and left the dark house.  Out on
the street they jogged quickly towards the shopping mall.

It took them five minutes of jogging
through empty streets before they arrived, finding the others already waiting
for them.  "It's about time you joined us."  Cameron said. 

"Sorry sir."  James
panted.  "We just wanted to do a little sightseeing that's all."

Cameron chuckled.  "Maybe you
should spend more time working out instead of staying home all the time." 
Picking up his radio, Cameron pressed the talk button. 

"Blackwell, Buckingham,
report."

"*Sir…uh…Jack's not here*."

"What?"

"*Well, we found his radio and
his gun on the floor in one of the isles, but we can't find him*."

Cameron's face dropped.  It took
him a few seconds to press the button.  "Have you searched the entire
store?"

"*Yes sir.  No sign of him*."
 A curse. 

"All right.  Everyone keep
your radios open for any emergency distress signal.  Blackwell, Buckingham,
keep searching.  Radio us every five minutes."

"*Roger that sir. 
Continuing our sweep*."

As Cameron put the radio on his belt the
dark clouds rumbled with thunder.  "Last thing we need is a
rainstorm."  Lucido muttered.

"Gordon, Duke, what did you
find?"

"Well sir, it's probably better if
we just showed you."  The skinny technician led the group over the
large shopping building.  James noticed that there were several gun blasts
on the ground. 

A heavy metal door was in place over the
main entrance to the building, but there was a gaping hole, as if something had
torn it open.

"It looks like the people might
have been holding up inside this building sir."

"What were they holding out
against?"

"No idea sir.  But something was coming after them, and they were
desperate enough to hide in the shopping mall."

"All right.  Have you swept
the building?"
"No sir.  We only went in a short way before coming back.  But I
did run a thermal scan, and there are heat signatures deeper inside the
mall."

"The town's population?"

"No way to tell sir.  But
that's what it probably is."

"All right then.  Let's go
find out.  Teams, weapons at the ready.  Stay sharp people. 
James, Harrison, you've got point."

Shifting his rifle, James quickly jogged
over to the jagged hole and peered inside.  The place seemed relatively
intact.  There were however, shotgun blasts on the floor and lots of broken
glass from the shop displays.

Carefully walking inside, he scanned the large hallway.  No sign of any
movement or people.  He waved his hand to indicate it was safe to proceed. 
As the others began to come inside he went ahead, Harrison right behind him. 

For several hours the team slowly went
deeper and deeper into the enormous shopping mall, searching for any people who
might have been hiding in the shops.  The deeper they went, the more broken
glass and ruined shops they found.  Something had definitely taken place
here.  But there still no bodies, no people to be found.

"*Man, I hope this isn't the work
of the professors little toy*."  James thought.

Gordon kept adjusting his thermal
scanner, trying to lock onto the heat sources.  At last he locked them
down.  "Sir." He said.  "It looks like the heat is
coming from directly beneath us, on the lowest level of the shopping mall."

"All right.  Let's keep
going."  Cameron pulled out his radio.  "Blackwell,
report."

"*We're still looking sir. 
We're outside the grocery store, but there's still no sign of Dunning*."

"Keep trying.  Report back in five."
"*Yes sir*."

The seven troops went deeper into the
mall, until they came to the main staircase room, which lead to the upper,
middle and lower levels of the shopping mall.  The lower level was pitch
black.  Apparently the electricity had failed in that part of the mall.

Lucido sighed.  "Why is it
always the lowest, darkest place?"

"Keep it sharp Lucido." 
Cameron said.  "We've got a job to do.  Now let's go do it. 
Derek, you've got point this time."

Derek scurried down the still
escalators, his flashlight scanning the darkness.  After looking for
several minutes, he signaled that it was safe to come down.

James followed the others down the
escalators, trying to keep his rising fear in check.  Dark, lightless
places were never high on his list of favorite spots to visit.

When they reached the bottom, they found
only one hallway, leading in the direction they had come from.  It was
pitch black.

Cameron looked at Gordon, who checked
his thermal scanner.  He nodded.  They were going to have to go in
there.

"All right people.  Stay
sharp, and stay together.  We can do this."  The others nodded,
but James could see the sweat starting to appear.

It was deathly silent as the team slowly
went into the dark tunnel.  Only the flashlights on their rifles gave any
light.  Shadows lurked, some of them apparently waiting for the right
moment to spring.

James kept looking at the shops, seeing
if there was anyone in them.  The shops were empty, dark, and deserted. 
They were the only ones down here.

"Sir!"  Gordon whispered. 
The group stopped.  "The heat signals are just ahead, thirty feet or
so." 

Cameron reached into one of his many
pockets and pulled out a small red flare.  Snapping it, he tossed it
ahead of the group where it landed on the hard floor.

It began to glow brighter, revealing the source of the heat signatures. 
"What…the…hell?"

There were bodies in front of them. 
Hundreds of bodies.  Or at least that was what the soldiers thought they
were.  For there were hundreds of silver bundles shaped to look like
bodies.

James gulped.  It looked like the
professors toys had definitely been at work.

With the fear having left them, the
soldiers went up to the silver wrapped bundles.  James went to one lying up
against the wall.  Kneeling next to it, he ran his fingers over the material.  "Sir!" 
He said.  "I think this is duct tape!"

"I think he's right." 
Lucido said.  "I think the townspeople have been wrapped up in
tape!"

Moving on, James inspected more silver
bundles.  Each of them was indeed a human, wrapped head to toe in silver
duct tape.  Judging by the thickness and firmness some had been wrapped
several times.

"How on earth did they get wrapped
up like this?"  Gordon wondered. 

"Are they still alive?" 
Cameron asked. 
"I think so."  Harrison said.  "This one's
breathing."

"And so is this one." 

"And this one too."
"Okay men, let's start cutting them loose.  Bayonets out!" 
Several bayonets came out and began carefully cutting into the wrappings.

But when the first cut happened, there was a loud screeching noise. 
Instantly guns were drawn and muzzles pointed.

"What the hell was that?" 
Lucido asked.

"I don't know."  Gordon
said.  He grabbed his imaging visor.  "Uh…sir?"  He
whispered.

"What is it private?"

"I've got something…no…things
coming our way."

"What?  Where?"

"Uh…in front of us. 
But…" he spun.  "I'm getting readings from all around us!"

James spun, looking at the shops around him.  He couldn't see anything. 
"Where? Where?  I don't see anything!"

"Wait, listen!"  Harrison
said.  Everyone froze.  For several seconds there was silence. 
But then….clicking noises.  Then there was the sound of electric motors
whirring.

"What the hell?!"  Derek
exclaimed, pointing his gun.  Without saying a word, Duke calmly pulled out
his double barreled shotgun.

"They're getting closer!"  Gordon said. 
"We need to fall back sir!"  James said. 

"What about the people?!" 
Gordon asked, his voice rising.

"We'll come back for them
later!"  Cameron said.  "Everyone lets move!  Fall back
to the entrance of the hallway!"

He started to move when the noises got
louder.  Everyone froze.  The only sounds were that of rifles shaking.

James stared at the others, his rifle
pointed at the ceiling.  He could hear…things.  But what were they? 

There was a loud bang as something fell
out of the ceiling.

"AHHH!!!!"  Derek let out
an ear splitting scream as something landed on him.  Bullets flew from his
gun.  James and the others spun to see a small, silver thing on him.

The ceiling suddenly exploded. 
Dozens, hundreds of the silver things fell out and scurried towards the
soldiers.

"ROCK AND ROLL!"  Lucido
shouted as he opened fire.  The others followed suit.  Bullets flew as
hundreds of small silver things poured out of the ceiling, the shops, and the
floor.

James heart froze.  These things
were definitely the work of the professor.

"FALL BACK!"  Cameron
shouted.  "FALL BACK!"

The troops turned and ran.  Duke
raised his shotgun in one hand, rifle in the other, and started firing, laying
down a suppressive fire.

But Derek was too late.  Hundreds of the things swarmed over him, muffling
his screams of terror.

Everyone ran, legs pumping as the things followed them. 
"BLACKWELL!"  Cameron shouted on the radio. 

"*Yes sir?!*"

"GET YOUR ASSES TO THE APC! 
WE'RE COMING OUT HOT!"

"*On our way sir!*"

"DOUBLE TIME IT SOLDIER!"

As Cameron finished, something shot out
towards Gordon.  James had the quick glance of what appeared to be a strip
of tape as it attached itself to Gordon's leg.  The tech shouted as the
strip went taunt and pulled him down.

Watching in horror, the soldiers watched
as hundreds of the silver ball things swarmed over the private, completely
covering him.  They came off a few seconds later, revealing a silver
wrapped bundle that squirmed madly on the floor.

"FALL BACK!"  Cameron
shouted as he fired his rifle at the crowd.  The others turned and kept
running, trying to keep ahead of the silver things.

James ran and ran, legs pumping, heart
churning.  He heard another shout and turned to glimpse as dozens of the
silver things shot through the air and landed on Lucido. 

"No!"  James shouted,
raising his rifle.  But he couldn't get a clear shot.  There were too
many of the silver things. 

Lucido shouted in anger and kept firing,
but it was too late.  He too vanished under the swarm of silver things. 
A few seconds later the silver things left him, revealing a body shaped silver
cocoon where the private had been only a few seconds ago.

They had reached the stairs leading to
the upper level.  Duke kept firing his rifle, occasionally mixing in a
devastating blast from his shotgun.  A few of the silver machine things
sparked and stopped moving, but the rest kept coming.  As James sprinted up
the escalator he looked back.  To him, it looked like thousands of the
things were following them.

Duke had the rear, calmly sprinting up
the steps while re-loading his shotgun.  Harrison and James provided cover
fire, holding the swarming mass at bay.

When Duke reached the top, the three of
them turned and ran, thousands of the silver things following.  Up ahead,
Cameron and Smith were heading towards the exit.

More and more of the tiny silver
machines poured out of the shops, out of the air vents and the ceiling, all
joining the chase after the humans.

The three were fast, but the machines
were just slightly faster.  One leapt through the air and landed on
Harrison's leg.  He let out a shout and tried to shake it off.  But
another tiny machine leapt onto his back.  James saw a needle pop out and
stick itself into Harrison's back.

Almost instantly, Harrison stumbled,
then fell to the ground.  "NO!"  James shouted.  He
tried to reach Harrison, but Duke grabbed his collar and effortlessly dragged
him along.  Behind them, the tiny machines swarmed over Harrison's body,
turning him into another silver wrapped bundle.

They reached the exit where Cameron and
Smith were waiting.  "Double time it!"  Cameron shouted. 
"We're going to blow the door!"

Duke and James leapt through the torn
doorway, following Cameron and Smith, who were already running as fast as they
could away from the shopping mall.  When they were thirty feet away,
Cameron pulled out a button and pressed it, activating the C4 he and Smith had
quickly stuck to the entrance.

There was an enormous explosion,
followed by the sound of steel and stone crumbing as the entrance to the
shopping mall collapsed, sealing it. 
"That should hold them for a while."  Cameron panted. 
"We gotta get out of here and call in for reinforcements." 

"Haven't you done that
already?"  James asked. 

"I tried.  The radio signal
isn't strong enough to reach base.  We're going to have to do that as we
drive out of here."  A loud whirring noise filled the air. 
Everyone spun to see the APC coming down the road towards them. 
"Thank goodness!"  Smith sighed. 

The APC kept coming…but didn't slow down.  If anything, it sped up.

"What the hell?"

"Look out!"  Cameron
shouted.  The others leapt out the way as the APC roared past, slamming
into a building.

Shaking the dust off him, James got to
his feet.  Duke was already running to the APC.  James followed him. 
"What was up with that?"  He said out loud.  "Were they
trying to kill us?"

When he got to the APC he had his
answer.  Blackwell and Buckingham were in the APC, both in the front. 
However, both of them were completely wrapped head to toe in silver duct tape. 
Apparently they had been ambushed by some of those robot things while driving. 

"Blackwell, can you hear me?" 
James asked.  The mummy in the driver's seat wiggled and squirmed. 
There were several muffled "Mmphh"s coming from its head.

Cameron and Smith came up to the APC and
got inside.  "Damn!"  Cameron cursed.  "It's bad
enough that we've lost half our team without having our drivers mummified like
this!"

The two bundles were squirming and
wiggling, trying to escape their cocoons.  "Smith," Cameron said. 
"See if you can get them out of there." 

"Yes sir."  Smith took
Buckingham's wrapped form and tried to cut her out, using his bayonet to slice
the tape.  But much to his surprise, the tape didn't slice. 
"Sir?"  He said.  "I can't cut the tape.  It seems
to be a very strong material that ordinary sharp objects can't cut
through."

Cameron cursed.  "Well, how do
we get it off them?"
"I think a mild grade, non-burning acid should do it sir, but I don't know
where we're going to find some."

Cameron sighed.  "Well, I
guess they'll have to stay wrapped like that until we can get out of here."
A muffled moan escaped both mummy's heads upon hearing the news.  While
Smith tried to get them as comfortable as possible, Cameron, Duke, and James
went over the controls.

"Do you think this puppy can go
sir?"  James asked.

"It should.  These things are
built tough.  I have no idea what those machine things are, but we need to
get out of here and call for reinforcements.  At least it doesn't look like
those things kill what they trap."
"Do you think the others are alive?"

"They should be.  All we have
to do is defeat these suckers, then go around, find everyone, and dissolve their
wrappings.  But we need to do it fast, before they starve to death."

James nodded.  "You want to
drive sir?"

"Yes, I think I will." 
As Cameron got into the drivers seat, James stopped.

"What?"  Cameron asked. 
"What is it?"

James eyes went wide.  "I
think I hear something."  Turning, he ran out of the APC and onto the
road.  What he saw confirmed his worst nightmares.

There were thousands of those tiny
robots pouring out of the shopping mall, coming straight for the crashed APC.

James ran back inside the APC. 
"Sir, I think you'd better start driving.  They're coming."

The wrapped mummies of Ridgeway and
Buckingham whimpered.

Cameron didn't even bother to reply. 
Turning on the engine, he threw the shift into reverse.  "Hold onto
something!"  He shouted.  The APC spun backwards as it backed out
of the crushed house.  A quick shift change and the APC tore onto the road.

Cameron looked in the rearview mirror. 
"They're right behind us!"  He said.  "James, Duke! 
You've got to hold them off!  I can't go fast with all this rubble on the
streets!"

The two didn't even wait.  Grabbing
all the weapons they could, they quickly popped open a hatch on the roof and
climbed up.  The wind was howling as they got onto the roof of the APC,
already drawing their weapons.  Right behind the APC were thousands of
those tiny wrapping robots.

"Rock and roll!"  James
shouted, opening fire.  Duke pulled out a grenade launcher and fired into
the crowd.  BOOM.  A hundred robots blew up.  BOOM.  Another
hundred were turned into scrap metal. 

The APC swerved, forcing James and Duke
to grab onto the handrails.  The grenade launcher tumbled out of Duke's
hands and fell onto the street.  James grabbed two grenades out of his
vest, pulled the pins and chucked them into the street.

As the APC turned another corner, there
was an earth shattering explosion as the grenades went off, destroying another
two hundred robots. 

Counter-attacking, the robots shot several strips of duct tape onto the APC,
trying to slow it down.  But then more and more strips shot onto the APC,
and the robots began to pull themselves towards the APC.  Whipping out
their combat knives, Duke and James tried to cut the tape.  But as they
found out, the tape could not be cut. 

"Sir!"  James shouted
over the howling wind.  "We've got a problem!"

Down below, Smith scanned the APC,
searching for anything they could use to try and destroy the robots chasing
after them.  Smith had no intention of being wrapped and left to starve to death somewhere.

The mummies of Buckingham and Blackwell
whimpered in fright.

There.  He reached into one of the
weapon shelves and pulled out a small, hand sized piece of machinery. 
"Major!"  He shouted.  "Where's the highest point in
this town?"

Swerving to avoid a wrecked car, Cameron shouted out, "The radio
tower!" 

"Head there!  I have an
idea!"

\*\*\*

The APC swerved through the city
streets, just managing to stay ahead of the pursuing robots.  Duke and
James were kept busy firing into the crowd.  It wasn't long before James
ran dry.  "I'm dry!"  He shouted.  Duke pulled out his
shotgun and tossed it to him.  Cocking it, James fired at the tiny robots
scurrying up the tape.

Several blasts and they fell to the
street as pieces of scrap metal.  A few more shots and the shotgun went
dry.  Chucking it into the crowd, James pulled out his last sidearm. 
Aiming his pistol, he fired into the crowd.

Duke chose that moment to grab the
bazooka strapped to the roof.  "Get down!"  He shouted, his
Austrian accent making him sound like a famous movie star.  James did so,
just as a miniature rocket flew out of the tube and into the crowd.

Instantly, over five hundred robots were
disintegrated.  Duke calmly took out another rocket and reloaded.

But more and more tiny robots were
trying to climb onto the APC.  With careful aim, James managed to shoot
them off.  Then his pistol went empty.  He pulled out his last clip
and loaded it. 

"Duke!"  Cameron shouted. 
"Ahead!"  Duke spun, seeing a huge truck in front of them. 
"Blow it!"
Duke aimed the bazooka, locked on, and fired.  The miniature rocket shot
through the air and slammed into the truck, sending it high into the air. 
The APC shot under it, and the truck came crashing down onto the crowd of
robots, stopping them momentarily.

But it was enough.  With the road
flattening out, Cameron pushed the APC to maximum speed, racing across the road,
heading towards the radio tower.  "Duke!"  James shouted
above the wind.  "You stay here!"  Duke nodded.

Dropping into the main cabin, James
carefully stepped over the wrapped bodies of his companions and went up to the
driver’s seat.  "Where are we going?"  He asked.

"Radio tower!  Smith's got an idea on how to stop these suckers!" 
James turned to Smith, who was holding up a small electronic device.

"This is an EMP bomb!" 
He said.  "If we can detonate it from a positively charged energy
source, it'll enhance the range of effect.  In turn, we can wipe out all
these things at once."

"How do I fit into this?" 

"When we reach the radio station,
you've got to climb the tower and attach the grenade at the top.  Then you
press the button and presto, no more bots!"

"They are coming!"  Dukes
warning call got everyone's attention, including Blackwell and Buckingham, who
wiggled with fear. 

"Don’t worry."  Smith said as he stroked them. 
"We're going to be okay." 

James hopped back onto the roof of the
APC.  Behind them lay a sight that was almost comical.  All of the
tiny robots now resembled balls, rolling at top speed across the sand, edging
ever so closer to catching the APC.

"Sarge!"  James shouted. 
"Where's the tower?!  We gotta get there now!"

"Right ahead!"  James
looked into the darkness.  A sudden flash of lightning illuminated the
tower, less then thirty seconds away.

"James!"  Smith shouted. 
"Take the EMP bomb!"  James reached down and grabbed the small
object.  "When we stop, get going!  We'll hold them off as long
as we can!"

The APC tore across the desert, heading
straight for the tower.  Only a few more seconds…

Reaching the station, the APC swerved
and slid right up to the tower.  Wasting no time, James leapt off the APC
and ran to the tower.  Grabbing the ladder, he scrambled up as fast as he
could. 

Grabbing their weapons, Cameron and Smith jumped out of the APC.  The
robots were coming straight for them, whirring eagerly, as if they couldn't wait
to wrap these victims. 

"You ready?"  Cameron
asked Smith, aiming his rifle. 
"No."

"Me neither."  Without
further ado, they opened fire into the swarming mass.  On the roof, Duke
fired his bazooka again, vaporizing more of the robots.

On the tower, James was scrambling
as fast as his legs would carry him.  They were beginning to ache, but he
did his best to ignore them.  Stopping now would mean failure, and possibly
death if he fell.

There.  He reached the halfway
mark.  Almost there…

\*\*\*

Despite the sheer number of bullets
flying into the crowd, it was simply impossible to stop the crowd. 
"Into the APC!"  Cameron said.

"No arguments here!" 
Cameron and Smith ran into the APC and quickly rolled the door shut, locking it
as tight as they could.  Duke however, continued fighting.  The robots
swarmed up the sides of the APC, coming straight for him.  And even as he
kept firing, they began to swarm and wrap him.

But as they continued mummifying him,
the robots suddenly noticed the human climbing the tower.  Though they were
incapable of panicking, the robots realized what was going on.  Without
waiting, half of them drove off and headed towards the tower.

Inside the APC, Cameron and Smith were
huddled in the back, along with the wrapped bodies of their comrades. 
Smith noted with grim humor that they would probably be wrapped in a few
minutes, joining their friends in the bonds of mummyhood.

"Never though this would be a last
stand."  Smith said as he put in the last clip for his rifle.

"Me neither."  Cameron said, cocking his rifle.  "Never
thought I'd be defeated by a bunch of tiny robots that wrap you up in duct
tape."

The two of them looked at each other,
then burst out laughing.  At their feet, the wrapped forms of Blackwell and
Buckingham squirmed, possibly shaking their heads in despair. 

There was a loud scratching noise as the
robots swarmed over the APC.  Then the sound of breaking glass as the
windows were shattered.

\*\*\*

On the tower, James legs were ready to
collapse beneath him.  At almost two hundred feet in the air, he was
utterly exhausted.

But at last, he saw it.  The very
pinnacle of the tower, and the place to put the bomb.  He had a sudden
moment of joy…which was cut short by the sounds of thousands of robots
climbing the tower.

He looked down and saw the robots
swarming up after him.  Down below, hundreds more were swarming over and
into the APC. 
Without waiting, he sprinted up the tower's ladder, until he finally reached the
peak.  But upon reaching the top, James was surprised to find a silver
bundle tapped to the tower.  But with no time to spare, all he could do was
keep going.

He finally reached the peak. 
Taking the box, he smashed it onto the power box.  Pressing the button, he
watched as a small timer began to count down.  All he had to do was wait
for five seconds as the tiny bomb powered up.

\*\*\*

Five…

The robots swarmed up the tower.

Four…

Lighting flashed through the air.

Three…

James aimed his gun and fired, using up
the last of his bullets.

Two…

The gun clicked as it went empty.

One…

The robots were upon him.

Zero…

The bomb made a cheerful
"DING" as the timer finished counting down.  All that was left
was the big, red button.

The robots leapt into the air as James
reached over and pressed the "activate" button. 
For one split second, time froze.  James looked and saw the robots coming
at him, needles pointing, strands of tape being unwound.

And then it happened.

There was a large sonic blast from the bomb, invisible to the naked eye, but
powerful nonetheless.  It shot through the night sky, hitting everything
electronic and frying the circuits instantly.

One of the robots landed on James. 
But even as he moved to brush it off, he saw that it was dead, it's circuits
fried.  It fell off him, plunging to the ground far below, along with
thousands of its fellows.

James stood there, clutching the tower,
breathing heavily.  Then he gave a loud sigh of relief and collapsed
against the tower.  It was over.  It was finally over.

\*\*\*

James took his time climbing down from
the tower, careful not to fall.  When he reached solid ground he waded
through mountains of disabled robots, kicking them aside, walking over to the
APC.

Shoving the robots aside, he opened the
sliding door and looked inside.  There were lots of tiny robots in here
too, but they were dead as well.  At the back lay the freshly wrapped forms
of Cameron and Smith.

James couldn't help but chuckle as he
shoved the rest of the robot bodies out of the APC.  He took the wrapped
forms of his companions and lay them on the floor next to Blackwell and
Buckingham.  "Well, it worked if you're curious to know." 
He said.  "All the droids have been disabled."

He couldn't tell, but to James it looked
like all four mummies sighed in relief.

What to do next?  Well, wait until
the rechargeable radios were back up, then call for help.  And when that
help arrived, get the necessary material to free all the townspeople and his
fellow soldiers.  Until then, all they could do was sit around.  Well,
James could sit.  The others would have to lie around in their cocoons of
tape, unable to move.

Hmm…maybe he could drive around town
and search for the other mummies that were no doubt lying in some of the
buildings.  After pulling a mummified Duke off the roof, James got into the
driver's seat and turned on the engine. 
As he got onto the road and drove back to the town, James though to himself. 
"*When I find the professor, I am going to strongly suggest that he make
less sophisticated sex toys*."

Behind him the sun was starting to rise,
it's rays shining over the desert, lighting up the town in a golden glow.

"Well guys" he called to his mummified companions in the back. 
"Looks like it's going to be a beautiful day."

With that, he continued driving into
town, illuminated by the warm sun at his back.

\*\*\*

**Epilogue**

The Atlantic ocean

Two weeks later

The large tanker sailed through the cold
night, unaffected by the bone chilling waters that surrounded it.  High up
in the bridge, the captain was alone at the wheel, looking out into the cold
night air. It was incredibly clear, he had to admit. 
He couldn't recall seeing the air so clear and crisp before.  Taking a sip
of his coffee, he closed his eyes for a moment. 

A loud beeping noise caught his
attention.  Looking out the window, his heart froze. 
"ICEBERG!!!"  He shouted, spinning the steering wheel as fast as
he could.  "NOOO!!!!!"

SLAM

\*\*\*

Three months later

A remote beach someone on the coast of
Spain

\*\*\* 

 

One of the boxes washed up onto the
beach, shoved onto it's side by the strength of the Atlantic ocean.  It lay
there for a time, all alone.  But soon enough, another box was washed up. 
Then another.  And another.

Over the course of an hour, hundreds of
boxes began washing up on the beach, the cargo of the sunken tanker.  When
it was finished, one thousand boxes were on the beach. One
of the boxes began to wiggle.  The latch began to move as something moved
against it.  Then with a loud pop, it was shoved off.

A tiny robot scurried out of the box,
it's sensors alive and going.  It scanned the surrounding area, searching
for a life form.  Detecting a large grouping, it began to roll off the
beach into the forest.

Behind it, other robots began to scurry
out of the boxes.

Soon, a robot force one million strong
was heading into Europe.
