---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/drewsgift2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'Drew''s Gift Part 2: Drew''s Second Gift'
authors:
- Normand
tags:
- MM/f
- D/s
- corset
- bond
- rope
- gag
- susp
- hogtie
- cuffs
- insert
- toys
- mast
- oral
- climax
- 'true'
- cons
- X
date: 2011-09-05 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Drew's Gift**](drewsgift.html))

**Part 2: Drew's Second Gift**

Amy never saw it coming.

Master had ordered her to strip and put on her black corset, stockings, and black high heels. He tied her wrists, grabbed the small toy bag, and led her downstairs. When she reached the last step he stopped her. He pulled a length of rope from the bag and went back up. There's a decorative iron railing around the stairwell. He tied off the rope, let the end dangle.

Back downstairs, he wedged the large, black ball into Amy's mouth, buckled the strap. He brought out the vibrator, the BIG one, the one with all the little knobs on it. He swapped in a fresh set of batteries.

"Open."

Amy spread her legs. He worked the shaft between her pussy lips. He didn't use any lubricant, didn't need it, just this little bit of bondage had set Amy's pussy to dripping. He pushed it home. Amy grunted. Slick as she was, it was still a stretch, literally.

Master pulled more rope from the bag and tied the vibrator in place. More rope for her knees and ankles. Lastly he tied the dangling rope to her wrists, pulled her taut. He eased her off the stair.

Down on the landing, Amy's toes just brushed the floor. He reached between her legs and turned the knob, dialed in the setting he knew by heart, the setting that drove her crazy. Amy grunted a muffled grunt and whined a muffled whine as much from the pain of the suspension as the assault on her sex. Master turned and climbed the stairs. He turned off the light.

He went around the house turning off all the lights. It was nighttime and Amy's world soon became a black hole. All she could see were the gray ghosts from the TV on the wall. She was in agony, but then it got worse.

Hanging there, her body stretched. After a bit she was able to take some of the weight on her toes. This eased the pain in her arms, but not completely. Just enough for the vibrator to make its presence known. Normally, by now, she'd have enjoyed several orgasms. This time all she felt was frustration as the pleasure and pain fought it out. Pain was winning. Amy sobbed.

How long she'd hung there she didn't know. She heard the doorbell. Watched Master's shadow pass above. The light came on in the kitchen. The sound of the door opening. It was Drew. They chatted a bit. Amy could hear the sounds of drinks being made, then the light went off. Two shadows passed above this time. Amy was sure the buzzing between her legs would get Drew's attention, sure that he could see through the dark, but he went right by, never turned his head.

Time passed. Her body had stretched to the point where she was uncomfortable, but not in any pain. Still it was uncomfortable enough, yet she managed to squeak out a couple of orgasms. The light burst on, blinding her.

Heavy steps. Not Master, Drew! He was standing next to her. His hands roamed her body. And even then she didn't see it coming!

He untied her ankles and knees. Released her wrists from the dangling rope. He took her bound wrists and led her upstairs.

"Take out the vibe and let her pee. Don't dawdle, slave."

Amy mmf'd and nodded.

Drew untied the rope and pulled the vibrator from her pussy. Amy flushed. No man had ever seen her pussy, none except Master. Drew left the bathroom and Amy sat on the toilet trying to prolong the moment of solitude without dawdling. It didn't last nearly long enough.

In the den, Amy stood before the TV, much as she had two months ago.

"Strip." Amy stripped.

Master gestured to Drew and Amy settled herself onto his lap. Drew seemed a bit more comfortable with things this time, managing a grope and a serious kiss. It was only when Master spoke that it finally dawned on her.

"Same deal, new rules. Take her, play with her, do what you will, enjoy her however you want. The only restriction is no intercourse, not even with protection. I've been fixed, she hasn't and she's not on the pill, and I don't need a little Drew running around. Other than that she's all yours. Enjoy."

Again the long pause.

"I want to tie you up for two hours, but this time I want to use some sex toys."

Again the question. He just refused to get it!

Amy nodded.

Things were most definitely different this time around. The first tie left her totally exposed.

Drew tied Amy's wrists to her ankles, then tied them to the ends of a spreader bar. Bad enough as far as it goes, but then he hoisted the bar until only her butt touched the floor, held her like that for a long moment enjoying the sight of her open, glistening sex. Then he lay her over on her back. From her ordeal downstairs, Amy's cheeks were already flushed, but even still she could feel the heat rising.

Check your dignity at the door, girl!

She looked up into Drew's eyes, pleading, begging to be fucked. Drew, being Drew, didn't quite get the message. He stroked her bush, slid his fingers over her pussy lips. Amy lay her head back, suppressed the urge to scream.

And then he was inside her! Not him, but a vibrator. Oh yes! Oh god yes! Amy came. Or almost did, because Drew had slid the vibe between her pussy lips and rubbed it on her clit. Amy shrieked and begged, "Oh please! Please, Drew!"

Drew misunderstood, thinking she wanted more of the same, not realizing how sensitive her clit was. Amy didn't need to be touched to come. Master often ordered her to come by sitting with legs open, simple working her muscles. The vibe on her clit was torture...but she came, a gut wrenching, from the depth of her being orgasm that almost made her faint.

It went downhill from there - or uphill depending on your perspective.

Drew hefted her, flipped her onto her knees. Amy knelt, face on the floor, ass in the air, legs spread. Drew pushed the buzz toy deep into her pussy, held it there while he fingered her clit.

It wasn't as bad. Drew had a gentle touch. He worked the shaft in and out of her, rubbed her clit, and Amy came. Came about a half dozen times, came hard enough to faint.

Drew untied her, tied her in a hogtie. First he roped her wrists palm to palm. He tied her elbows together, painfully, then crossed Amy's ankles and tied them to her wrists. He finished with a gag, a sponge ball pressed into her mouth, an X of tape across her lips.

He rolled her onto her back, lay on his side propped on an elbow and slid his hand between her legs. The pain was terrible, lying on her bound arms. Pleasure fought the pain and Amy came. Whether she came because of or in spite of the pain, she didn't know. Master knew how to play the pain pleasure game, but this just hurt. And yet, Amy came...a lot.

After another fainting spell, Drew untied her (thankfully) and set Amy in the corner. He used the fuzzy handcuffs to cuff her wrists. He lowered the plant. He clipped her wrists to the chord and pulled, hoisted her up onto her toes.

He wedged the ball into Amy's mouth and fastened the harness around her head. He retrieved the stand from the closet.

He needn't have cuffed her. On her toes, impaled on the ten-inch shaft, she was helpless. Perhaps a gymnast could reach down and raise herself off the shaft, but Amy was a dancer, not a gymnast. All her strength was in her legs.

He pushed the shaft up into her, set the stand between her feet, and screwed the turnbuckle until Amy was firmly impaled. He turned the knob on the vibrator.

Everything seemed geared towards Amy's fainting. She did that after a half dozen orgasms as a matter of course. Unlike most women who need a half hour to achieve just one orgasm, because of her hypersensitive clit Amy would have five or six in the same period of time and then she would promptly faint. And Amy came a half dozen times, hanging, impaled, growing weaker with each orgasm until she was no longer standing, but suspended by her cuffed wrists. And she fainted.

Master called time out. Drew pulled the shaft from her and removed the gag. He settled back against the pillows, Amy settled back against him. Master gave her a drink. She was wrung out, barely able to hold the glass. But the drink was a cuba libre and the combination of caffeine and sugar perked her up, perked her up enough for the next session.

At the end of the two hours Amy was this close to rag doll.

Amy knelt on the bed. Drew pulled the red rubber ball from her mouth one last time.

"Drew has been very nice to you, slave. I think you should do something nice for him."

The fact that he was standing close to her. The fact that his crotch was at face level. Well, even in her befuddled state, the message was clear.

Raising cuffed hands, she undid Drew's zipper, pulled out his cock, took it in her mouth. A minute later Master was behind her, inside her. She sucked her boyfriend's cock while her Master fucked her. It was good. It was very, very good ... for a while.

Then it stopped.

They pulled out of her. She watched Drew stuff his still hard cock into his pants. She looked back at Master, confused.

"That was nice. Really nice." Drew lifted her chin and kissed her.

Amy's head spun. What the hell's going on?

Master tugged on his gym shorts and they all padded out into the kitchen. Master hopped up onto the counter and settled Amy back between his legs. The goodbye went on for a while as these things often do, especially since Amy was naked and handcuffed still, and Drew seemed unwilling to leave.

\*\*\*

"What just happened, Master?"

"What?"

"With, you know, everything. Things were going fine, then bam! it just stopped."

"Drew reached his limit. He came to the line and wouldn't cross it."

"Wasn't I good?"

"Oh yes," he kissed her, "very good."

"I mean, you say I give great head, right? I mean ..."

"It's not you, it's him. That's as far, a bit farther probably, than he'll let himself go."

"But. But I was sucking him."

"And doing a damn fine job."

"So why ..."

"I told you."

Amy scowled.

"Yeah, you told me, but even a slave has her pride!"
