---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storieslr/package.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: The Package
authors:
- Chas M
tags:
- Sbf
- scarves
- gag
- bfold
- cons
- X
---

"David,
A package came for you today.
I left it on the bed.
See you later.
Love, L"

The note was left on the table where he would be sure to see it.
I had stumbled onto an Internet page that had some discussion about
self bondage. It intrigued me how sensuous and exciting it sounded to be
helpless. Maybe I could use several of the scarves that David bought me on his
trips because I thought he had some sort of fetish for them.

At noon I came home early from work. After showering and writing the note, it
was time to begin. I started with a long black silk oblong that I put around my
waist like a belt. The second scarf was my Hermes from Paris that I folded on the bias about 6" wide and wore it bandeau style over my breasts. The silk
was cool and I could feel my nipples tingle as they became aroused.

The third
scarf was gray, white and red that I folded about three inches wide. I
remembered from a sailing class a figure 8 knot and tied one with the scarf. I
placed the knot against my nether lips and tied the ends of the scarf front and
back to my black waist scarf. I now had a crotch scarf tickling my clit.

I was ready to work from toe to head now. A pink and gray square wrapped my
ankles together. At my knees, I wore a green and gold oblong from Italy. Over the top of my thighs and tucked under my buttocks was a wide band of a scarf. The pattern
was gold keys and chains on a white background with a royal blue border. As I
tightened it, it nestled the crotch knot deeper into my love-nest. I wondered
to myself if mermaids always felt this good?

David had shown repeated interest in one magazine model who "coincidentally"
wore a bright green scarf around her neck. My lime green scarf wrapped around
my neck twice in a choker style finished with a square knot. After all, I was
interested in his pleasure too, right?

One web page showed how to make a scarf bit gag by rolling a folded scarf
inside of another and tying overhand knots to secure it. It took a couple of
tries before mine looked like what I saw in the picture. When I tucked it into
my mouth and tied it behind my head my muffled moans of pleasure could be heard.

For my blindfold I chose the paisley scarf with the cranberry border. When he
gave it to me, he had said the colors matched my palette as though he was
interested in fashion.

My senses were getting subdued one by one.
Since we don't own any handcuffs, I had to pre-tie a double looped slip knot on
a scarf that I hung on the corner of a chairclose to the edge of the bed. The
longest free end of the scarf I had placed in the drawer of the nightstand.
Once my hands were behind my back and encircled by the loops, I leaned my knee
against the drawer and cinched up the knot.

Bound, gagged and blindfolded I fell onto the bed and inched my way to its
center. I smiled at my accomplishment and tingled at the sensations of the silk
and the knot nestled against me. I had seen Martha Stewart once suggest
wrapping a present in a scarf. I wonder if she ever thought of anything like
this!

I guess that now all I can do is wait........ and wiggle

2001
