---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Anubis Chronicles
authors:
- Carmine
tags:
- 'F/f: mummification'
- cons
- X
date: 2002-06-25 00:00:00
---

Tales
of the Crimson Succubus
**The Anubis Chronicles**
by Carmine

Part
One: Nina’s Demise

While Succubus was away,
rapscallion Prince Leur invaded her slave Nina’s chamber, ordered sentinels
to strip off her peasant garments, and bound her to a cruciform. He drove
his diminutive member into Nina from behind, her satin-like walls resisting
the intrusion. He ejaculated several breaths later.

With bloodthirsty aplomb
Leur then unleashed a thick, metal-ringed whip, and with each strike Nina
writhed and screeched, arousing Leur even more. The final lash proved lethal;
Nina went limp.

"She is dead?"

"Yes," muttered Crimson Succubus,
who stood at the chamber’s entrance, her eyes an inferno of wrath. "But
she will rise again."

Part
Two: Mummification

With unprecedented dexterity
Crimson Succubus used innumerable layers of silk and velvet to mummify
Nina. The thrall’s mission was simple: journey to the dead city of Khenty
Amentiu.

Deep in death’s clutches,
Nina floated toward the necropolis, where hideous abominations tongued
her supple mouth, bit her hardened nipples, and licked her scrumptious
slit. Her ecstasy was such that soon all went fertile black.

Succubus’ glistening eyes
widened as blood seeped through Nina’s collar. The she-devil removed the
bandages and inspected the wound.

"You have done well, my thrall."
Succubus touched the jackal bite on Nina’s shoulder. "Anubis has caressed
thee."

Part
Three: An Essential Ingredient

Strapped hand and foot to
a St. Andrew’s cross, Lord Draco watched as Crimson Succubus tightened
a metal ring around his member. Refusing to become aroused, Draco remained
flaccid until Succubus concurrently squeezed the shaft and used a leather
thong to slap the blossom-like head. Draco’s resistance waned.

As the ring tightened, Draco’s
bolt grew thicker, going from red to purple to a light shade of black.
After striking the love-pole again several times, Succubus released the
ring. As he moaned with rapture, Succubus captured his alabaster seed in
a phial.

Succubus inhaled the vapor.
"Ah, the nectar of life."

Part
Four: In the Chamber of Anubis

Within a fortress in Nephthys,
Crimson Succubus stood before Anubis, his jackal eyes piercing the demon’s
heart.

"You wish more than the bondmaid’s
life?"

"Prince Leur must suffer."

"Indeed, for my mark is upon
her."

Anubis pressed on Succubus’
shoulders, forcing the demon to do obeisance. The jackal mashed his rod
against her lips then eased it down her throat. Her tongue swirled round
and round, cheeks tightened and relaxed, and teeth teased flesh until Anubis
relinquished his seed.

Succubus expectorated the
neconomatic fluid into a cruet.

"You are devious, she-devil."
And with that the Jackal God took his leave.

Part
Five: The Elixir of Isis

Crimson Succubus groveled
before Isis, she who had ascertained Ra’s secret name. Despite the demon’s
supplications, Isis refused to mix the elixir of life.

As she begged, Succubus offered
the goddess countless carafes of demoniac ambrosia. Gorged yet contumacious,
Isis went to relieve herself. Like an asp Succubus slithered to her side.
Deft hands stroked and teased Isis’ ensorcelled slit. The devil’s touch
was divine, so Isis offered no resistance. 
"Release only when ecstasy
embraces you," the demon whispered.

When ache yielded to rapture,
Isis released, blending golden fluid with erogenous nectar.

"Your wish, temptress. But
first, please me again."

Part
Six: Resurrection

Mummified, pale-skinned Nina
rested upon an altar, sacred oils keeping her fresh. Into the temple walked
Crimson Succubus, a massive phallus in one hand and a phial in the other.
The demon poured a scintillating liquid into the artificial member then
tied it about her pelvis.

Spreading Nina’s luscious
thighs, Succubus thrust hard, the thrall’s walls inviting and moist. Her
cheeks taught and nipples pointed, the demon unleashed a potent orgasm,
which propelled the elixir into Nina, whose alabaster flesh turned to pristine
ebony.

"Mistress?"

"Yes, darling?"

Nails dug into the demon’s
cheeks. "Again, please."

Succubus withdrew. "Poor
little slut."

Part
Seven: Leur’s Curse

Ebony-skinned Nina strolled
into Prince Leur’s megaron. Leur rubbed his crotch as he dismissed the
sentinels.

"Back for more?"

Dropping Nina on all fours,
Leur spread her cheeks and rammed his petite rod into her sphincter. As
Leur shoved, he inserted a bridle into her mouth. Without concern he wrenched
it, snapping Nina’s neck. 
"Cocotte: Scream ‘stud’!"

Near climax, Leur felt something
bushy on his crotch. Opening his eyes, he discovered that he was copulating
with a jackal, its eerie howls filling the air.

From that fateful day, Leur
haunted graveyards with jackals, and many believed he became a ghoul.
