---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Forest Ranger
authors:
- JakeR
tags:
- M-m
- outdoors
- bond
- rope
- gag
- hogtie
- clothespins
- torment
- strappado
- oral
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2013-10-07 00:00:00
---

I could not believe this was actually happening to me--in all honesty. But being a bondage enthusiast like I am, it is essential to seize the opportunity when it happens! After all, when attending a social event or at any time for that matter, it is just not kosher for a guy to mention an enjoyment of bondage with other guys. That can raise a lot of eyebrows, and have a guy standing alone in a corner very quickly!

But since computers came on the scene, a whole new world has opened up. I had the great fortune to meet a guy from the forests of the western part of the country online. He was about 45, but his recent picture had him looking much younger. He had dirty-blond hair--close to shoulder length, some what sad eyes, and a trim (almost athletic body) which looked great in a forest ranger uniform. He told me that he worked out in the middle of nowhere most of the time, but occasionally had to make the half-day trips to survey local campgrounds in the forests located in the northern part of the state. He told me that he lived with a woman whom he had agreat respect for, but they both enjoyed their freedom too much to engage in matrimony or a committed lifestyle of any kind.

As much as I enjoy putting guys into a bondage situation, he enjoyed being on the receiving end--especially if it meant seeing just how far he could go in enduring pain and torture while tied up. I'm not really into the pain and torture aspect, but if it meant being able to tie up a great-looking guy, I figured that I would try to fake my way through it.

We arranged a meeting place at a remote campground just a few miles off the freeway. He gave me directions and said that when I saw his truck pulled off to the side of the road I was to park behind him, honk my horn twice, then begin to climb toward the grove of scrub oak trees that covered the upper half of the small hill nearby. He would wait for me at the edge of the trees, concealed behind them since he would be wearing nothing but his hiking boots and socks. He informed me that within two minutes of our meeting at the trees, he wanted to have his hands tied behind him, after which he would lead me to a secluded meadow in the middle of the scrub oaks. Once we had arrived, I was to tie him up as tight as I could (even if he complained) and then test his endurance for torture to his naked body for as long as I wanted (especially if he complained).
This was my first time for a request involving anything like that, and my usual concern about meeting a guy for the first time was surfacing along with other, new things in the back of my mind that were throwing up distress flags! What if he was really a law enforcement officer who was going to throw the book at me because of my enjoyment for bondage and the ultimate "threat to humanity" that it entails? Nope, I reasoned, we are both consenting adults. But..... what if I got too carried away and tortured him to a point where he sustains permanent damage or worse because I didn't pay any attention to his complaints and pleas to stop? Would a legal suit result, and would any jury believe me when I use a defense of "he wanted me to do it"!? I couldn't put that concern out of my mind.
I exited off the freeway, and followed his directions to the remote campground, and within minutes spotted his parked truck. As I walked up the hill toward the oak trees carrying my bag of supplies, my misgivings began to occupy my thoughts all over again. This was something out of my normal realm, and I actually started to sweat--more from nervousness as opposed the mild climb up the hill toward the trees.

My thoughts were diverted to an email that he had sent me a short time before our meeting. "Jake", he had written, "I want to confirm that I really like bondage from a man or a woman. My girlfriend and I have a hot tub on our deck. We both go there most evenings to relax when the day ends. And most of the time, she ties my hands behind me as we lounge in the warm water. A few days ago, she tied my hands behind my back, and then she also tied my feet together. Then she ordered me to go to the kitchen and get us both a drink. With my hands and feet tied, it was not easy to climb out of the tub, open the kitchen door, then open the icebox door, and grab a couple of beers. I was struggling to open the icebox when the cleaning woman walked into the kitchen. She looked at me, screamed, and ran out as fast as she could, screaming the entire time. It didn't help that I was tied up, and naked as a jaybird. My girlfriend had a good laugh about that one!"

I was thinking about his email as I reached the grove, and I was more than a little startled when a man suddenly appeared from behind a tree and stood directly in front of me. After I snapped back to reality, I looked at the man. He was even better looking than his picture! He was about 6', had the dirty-blond hair, the sad eyes (with a slight twinkle that I attributed to excitement), a couple of days' worth of stubble on his lower face, a slight smile, and a fine-looking body. He wasn't muscular, somewhat lean actually, but with no "beer gut" forming that usually comes from aging and a good life after about age 30. His entire torso was covered with its own forest of curly brown hair; the hair on his legs was a little more sparse, and his long cock was shrouded in curly brown hair as well.

"Are you Jake?" he asked. (He had not requested a picture of me during our communications.)

"If you are Mason, then I definitely am Jake." I replied.

His smile grew bigger and he immediately turned so that his tanned, but smooth back was toward me. Wow! He looked great for a guy his age! A life spent outdoors does great things for some guys! My hands shook slightly as I took a strand of white rope from my pocket, pulled his hands behind him and crossed his wrists, then tied them together. I could see his smile growing larger as he looked at me over his shoulder and tried to watch me as I roped his hands together. His only remark was "Make sure it's tight!" Despite his request for pain, I really liked this guy.

Once the knot had been tied, he stretched his arms slightly as if to test my roping ability and the bonds, then looked straight ahead. "It's not too far. Let's go!" he said as be began to lead me through the trees. In just a couple of minutes, we came to a small, grassy spot where a blanket lay spread on the ground. Laying on the blanket were several male bondage magazines, a cloth sack which I soon found was full of clothespins, a towel, a pile of clothes which I assume he was wearing when he arrived, and a camera.
He slid to a sitting position on the blanket, leaned slightly forward, and bent his elbows to accomodate his tied hands. We chatted for a few minutes to get acquainted.

"Interesting choice of reading material," I eventually commented, pointing to the magazines.

"Ohhhh yes," he told me. "Jake, you have no idea how much I love to be tied up! I just imagine myself as the men in the magazine photos, and hope the real thing will come along someday."
It was my turn to smile. "You have no idea how much I enjoy tying other guys up," I admitted--but Mason already knew that. "Do you feel like you can trust me?" I asked.
He was anxious to get started, and nodded his head vigorously when I asked.

"And.... do you have any last requests before I put a gag on you?" I asked.

"Just remember to take my boots off so that I can be totally naked," Mason answered. "And make it as tight as you can!"

As he spoke he shifted his position and moved both of his feet directly in front of me. I knelt down and removed his boots, then pulled off both of his socks as well. I moved so that I was kneeling directly behind him and pulled his head back against my stomach as I stuffed one of his socks into his mouth until it disappeared completely. I tied it into place by wrapping the other sock around his mouth and pulling it tight between his teeth before knotting it behind his head. I opened my bag of supplies and took out a bandanna handkerchief which I folded into a long strip, then used it to blindfold him. (I knew he was smiling behind the gag. It was obvious despite the fact that his cheeks were bulging.)
I tied his knees together as tight as I dared, then tied his ankles together so his bare feet were side by side. Once I had finished, Mason stretched his legs a couple of times, then raised his knees and leaned forward to rest his hairy chest on his thighs. He had wanted to be tied tight, and I didn't want to disappoint him. I took a longer piece of rope and moved behind his back. I wrapped the rope around one arm just below his elbow, then wrapped the rope around his other arm and pulled. As his elbows crept closer to each other, he threw his head back and gave a loud groan into the gag. I hesitated, but then continued to pull them closer together as he groaned again and nodded his head. I only dared pull them to within a couple of inches of each other, then wrapped the rope around them several times and cinched the ropes by wrapping the ends between his elbows around the encircling ropes.
Mason was sweating slightly and breathing a little heavier when I finally knotted them off. He looked upward as though looking at the sky, and sat up straighter as he began to take slow, deeper breaths. I took advantage of that move by taking another rope and wrapping it around his arms and chest, tightly binding his arms to his torso and passing the ropes around his hairy chest several times. His breathing became more shallow as the ropes circling his chest were now in a position to pull on his chest hair whenever he breathed too deeply. I then pushed him onto his back on the blanket so he was laying on top of his bound hands and arms. I do admit, Mason looked great with coils of rope circling his chest, his knees,and his bare feet. It was awesome!

When we had been discussing a meeting in our computer emails, Mason had asked a favor from me. He had informed me that once he was securely tied up, he wanted to have clothespins put all over his body. (His past record was eighty clothespins clipped on him all at one time, but he wanted to go for a new record, he had indicated.) He had prominently placed a bag of clothespins on the blanket so I would not miss seeing them, and his body was actually shivering with excited anticipation, but I needed to do one more thing first. I rolled Mason onto his stomach. This seemed to surprise him for he raised his head slightly to look back at me--as though he could see anything through the blindfold--and his forehead was wrinkled slightly as if he was a little puzzled about what I going to do next.
I tied a rope around the coils of rope surrounding his ankles to cinch them together even more, then pulled his feet up toward his back into a hogtie position. As I bent his legs as far as I could and tied the hogtie rope to the ropes circling his elbows, he began to groan again and turned his head so he was looking straight ahead. After I tied the hogtie rope to the ropes circling his elbows, I then threaded it through the sock which secured the gag and was knotted behind his head. I steadily tugged on the rope that was threaded through the gag, pulling his head back slightly as I took the rope down his upper back and tied itto some of the ropes which circled his body. He did have the flexibility to lower his head, but in the process, the ropes circling his chest were certain to pull even more on the chest hair. After a couple of attempts to lower his head somewhat, he came to the same conclusion and kept his headback as far as he could.
As Mason lay on on his stomach, tightly hogtied and more than a little uncomforatble, I figured it was time for the clothespins. I rolled him onto his side, which brought another slight groan from behind the sock gag. The sight was awesome!! A trim, nice-looking man laying naked, hairy, tightly hogtied, gagged, blindfolded, and totally powerless--at his request and my enjoyment! And his hard erection was definitely reflecting his enjoyment of the situation as well. Mason's enlarged cock stuck straight out like a tree limb, and did not fall limply to the side by his hip.
I began to make use of the clothespins, with an occasional moan coming from behind the tight gag. But the nods were quick to follow, so I continued to forge ahead. Mason was soon covered with wooden pins: they were on his back, shoulders, neck, face, chest, nipples, fingers, arms, legs, feet, ball sack, cock--anywhere that there was an inch of loose skin that was not pulled taut by the restrictive hogtie. I even had to clip a few onto some strands of his chest hair, the hair on his legs, and the hair surrounding the area of his genitals because there was no other place to put them! Mason looked like he was covered with wooden armor!!
I took a few pictures of him, but only after I had searched Mason's body and counted 103 clothespins--a new record!! He barely moved through it all--and I wondered if he had gone into a coma, or worse! I informed and congratulated him on the new record. He just gave a heavy sigh. (Not much else that he could do, really.) Using his camera, I took my time snapping a few more pictures from various angles.

"Mason," I said, "Are you ready to be untied? He couldn't really nod his head easily with a rope pulling it back. But he could shake his head back and forth, which is what he did. He was really savoring this moment in time! And I was enjoying the sight of Mason and the predicament that he was in, so I was in no hurry to rush to his release. I thumbed through the stash of magazines that Mason had brought. We were in a shady spot with a modest breeze once in a while, so the day was pleasant.

After a while, Mason began to moan into the gag, and I moved closer to him. "Mason, do you want me to remove the clothespins?" I asked. He hesitated for a couple of minutes, but then gave a slight nod.

I began to remove the clothespins, one at a time. I honestly had no idea how much more painful it is to take them off than it is to put them on or wear them, a result of circulation being instantly restored to the bare skin area.Though I did it slowly, the first few that I removed caused him to thrash and struggle, and groan more loudly than he had before. The thrashing movement caused him to involuntarily lose a few more clothespins as they were shaken off, which brought even more loud groans. He finally came to a rest, breathing heavily and a little more moisture appeared on his forehead and cheeks under the blindfold. His body began to sweat a little more and the chest hair began to mat together in wet clumps. I began to move a little more carefully. I continued to remove the wooden armor one or two at a time, slowly and methodically, then lightly massage the skin from which it had been removed with my fingers! The whole process took almost an hour, something he knew would happen (he later told me), but which he found completely enjoyable.
When the last wooden peg had been removed, I rubbed the towel over Mason's naked body as he smiled into the gag and lay perfectly still. "Are you ready to be untied?" I asked, and again he shook his head back and forth. I simply sat next to him and enjoyed the fantastic sight of a handsome, hogtied guy. Occasionally I stroked various parts of his body with the towel, and usually when I did Mason would purr into the gag like a contented tomcat.

Since being tied up, Mason had made no attempt whatsoever to untie himself or struggle with the ropes binding him. "Mason, I have to leave soon," I told him after another half hour, "And I won't have time to untie you. I'm sure that you will be able to untie yourself eventually." I removed the blindfold so he could watch me gather the clothespins into the bag, making him think that I was serious. "It's been great meeting you, and it was great helping you set a new record!" I stood as though I was ready to leave.
He looked up at me and mumbled things into his gag, then began to shake his head as he moved and struggled as much as the hogtie would allow. I took a few more pictures of him as he struggled, and rolled from side to side as if to demonstrate to me that he was totally helpless to free himself.

"You look like you may have some trouble getting untied," I said, "but if you don't return home tonight, I'm sure your girlfriend will probably send out an alarm or go looking for you herself. You should be discovered easily and soon when your truck is found by the side of the road. But you will likely have to explain the magazines and clothespins and just how you ended up naked and tied up. But if it reaches that point, you should have plenty of time to come up with a reasonable explanation while you are waiting to be found."
I walked a short distance and disappeared into the trees. He was screaming into his gag, and thrashing even more wildly as I watched from a safe, secluded distance. When he stopped struggling, I waited a few minutes then returned to his side. "Shall I untie you now, Mason?" I asked, and this time he nodded his head without hesitation.
I honestly cannot imagine how or why he wanted to be tied up for such a long time in such an uncomfortable and stringent position, but he did! And when he was finally untied, I was confident that he would not be able to walk or make a fist for at least a week, but he seemed to recover in record time (much to my relief since I thought I had permanently damaged him somehow!).

Once I was sure he still had use of his fine motor skills, I stood and stretched. "I really do have to leave Mason," I said. "But I hope we can meet again sometime."

"Before you leave Jake, do you have time to do one more thing to me?" he asked. "Just as a favor," he added.

"No problem,"I agreed. "Does it involve clothespins?"

Mason laughed slightly, then explained that he wanted to be tied up one more time and gave me some directions on how to tie him up. He wanted me to tie his hands behind his back--palm to palm, then pull them up in the air behind him up as high as I could by hoisting and tying them to the limb of a tree. He pointed out the limb which was about twelve feet off the ground. I agreed and Mason turned with his back to me and crossed his hands behind his back. I tied his wrists together, then he bowed forward slightly at the waist as I tied another rope to his wrists and threw the other end over the limb he had indicated to me earlier. I pulled his hands into the air as they remained tied behind him. When I secured the rope to the trunk of the tree, his naked body was bent forward at the waist, his hands tied and pulled up behind him while he kept his arms straight and his bare feet firmly planted on the ground. He asked me to tie his elbows together again, which I did--this time his arms were actually touchingeach otherbehind his back.
He looked up at me and gave me a big smile. "You know, Jake," he said, "you could do anything you want to me while I am tied up like this, and I can't do one thing about it. Not one thing!" (I already knew that!) "And my face is about the same height as your cock. Have you ever had a blow job, Jake? If so, I bet you have never had one like the one I could give you. If you have never had one, the first one is always the best. You could force me to give you one, and there is nothing that I could do but oblige and give you one--tied up like I am and all."

I just looked at him dumbfounded. "Mason, I am not gay," I responded. "And no, I have never received a blow job before."

"I am not gay either, Jake," he said. "But that doesn't matter. I am totally helpless and under your control." Finally in desperation and with a slight shake of his head, he added, "Can't you take a hint, dude?"

What the heck? We only go through life once. I moved closer to him, unfastened and dropped my trousers slightly, took my rod from its hiding place inside my underwear, and stood a short distance from him. He took a step toward me which pulled his tied hands slightly higher, put his head back as far as he could, and took my cock into his mouth as he closed his eyes. It was an awkward position for him, and I tried to adjust my body as much as I could to help him out. Hereadily licked and sucked and moved his head around as much as he could--it sort of reminded me of a hungry man in a pie eating contest.
That was the first time in my life that I had ever experienced a blowjob! Being my first time, I wasn't much help--actually more of a hindrance--and I spent my time trying to hold my trousers up, leaving the work up to him. I thought he would give it up because of my rediculous and awkward assistance, but he stayed with it to the end.
It really was a whole new experience for me.
I did not want to reciprocate, and Mason did not really expect it. I untied the rope from the tree and let his hands fall, but they were still tied together behind his back. Keeping him like that, I led him to the blanket once more, and told him to lay down on his stomach. He slid into position, and I again roped him into a hogtie (but not a tight one). I knew he would be able to release himself soon, so I picked up his clothes, grabbed my bag, and started walking toward the cars.

I looked back over my shoulder at him as I spoke, "Mason, I will leave your clothes beside your truck. We have only heard a few cars pass by during the afternoon, but you will need to be careful when you leave the cover of the trees and make your way to the truck to get them".
A smile appeared on his face, and I think the voyeur in him took over. The possibility of someone seeing him naked and the challenge of getting to his truck undetected while naked somehow seemed to appeal to him. He began to roll around and struggle against the ropes that held him bound. He was making good progress getting himself untied as I gave a farewell wave and disappeared into the trees. I lay the clothes beside his truck, climbed into my own vehicle and drove away. I had no doubts that he would able to untie himself--I hope he remembered the magazines, camera, clothespins and especially the blanket to keep himself covered after he did get free.

Somehow, I was pretty sure that I would never hear from or see him again, especially when I left in such an abrupt manner. But it was a memorable experience!
We have met three times since the first meeting. He had such a great time and contacted me to meet with him again. Each time, he has preferred to be naked, and wanted to be tied up in the most stringent and uncomfortable positions conceivable. I still worry about the torture parts and strictness of the bondage in our meetings--all of which he conjures up in his mind before hand and makes more creative each time we get together. I tend to wish that it could just be confined to milder bondage situations. But I guess we both get the thing we enjoy most.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=1130.0)
