---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sarah Becomes A Slave
authors:
- TagsAPoppin
tags:
- F+/f+m+
- incest
- oral
- anal
- public
- collar
- leash
- rope
- cage
- chastity
- slave
- naked
- cuffs
- hood
- sex
- gag
- cons
- XXX
date: 2026-03-28 00:00:00
---

#### **Chapter 1 – Danielle, Sarah’s Mom**

Sarah’s mom Danielle considered herself bi with a heavy leaning toward lesbianism. Danielle was a woman standing 5’8” with a very shapely C cup pair of firm tits with nipples that stood up a bit pointy. She kept her pussy bald because her lovers hated fur in their mouth when they ate her, and she wanted to be considerate. Henry stood 6’ with only an average cock, but because of their love they said that size didn’t matter. They were open minded sexually and neither were possessive.

Danielle had Sarah two years into the marriage.

Danielle had a series of lesbian affairs during her marriage which Henry didn’t mind. He only didn’t want her fucking men, which she never did without Henry’s insistence. That happened only a few times during some swinging parties they attended early in their marriage. Back then, Danielle was open to try most anything.

At their first swinging party Henry was horny for one particular woman who attended. It was her invitation to the party to Danielle that got Henry to agree. The condition for Henry to fuck this woman, Greta, was that Danielle had to be given to Greta’s husband Jim for the night alone. Truth be told, Danielle wanted Greta too, but that could wait. Jim was an athletic, macho type guy who was reported to sport a 10 inch cock. Danielle wanted to find out if Greta was right.

Looking back at how the swinging started, Danielle remembered saying to Henry after a particularly hard fucking, “What were you thinking as you pounded into me? Were you thinking of Greta?”

Danielle and Henry had met Greta and Jim a few weeks earlier and Jim was fixated on her tits with her hard nipples showing through her bra-less blouse as they talked.

“I can’t get her tits out of my mind. I’m sorry, hon, she’s just, I don’t know.”

“It’s OK, I understand. At least you are honest with me. Looking at a hot woman to a man is expected. If she hadn’t made an impression on you, I’d wonder if you need Viagra or something.” Henry laughed.

“I’m so lucky you’re understanding of a man’s needs. I know you have needs too. Is there anyone out there that gets you hot and bothered too?”

Danielle looked at Henry and said, “A few, but nothing serious. I was talking to Greta a week ago or so and we were talking about a club she and her husband belong to. “

“Oh, what club?”

“It’s a club where men and women who are hot and horny get together and fuck with no marital boundaries. To be a member of this club, marriages are ignored and people get together any way they want. Men and women, women and women, and even some men and men. No rules except kindness, and treating each other well without jealousy or judging.”

“Sounds interesting. Are you wanting to join? I don’t know if I could handle it. I’d have to think about it, but I admit if we did join, I’d want to get Greta for a hot romp.”

Danielle thought about Henry and Greta together and smiled knowing this was the key to turning the page on her own sexuality. A page she desperately wanted to turn and open her to more sex than she ever imagined. Two weeks later Henry agreed to try and Danielle started things going toward her goal of broadening her own sexuality.

The party was held in a large home that had five bedrooms to handle the pairings. This swing club had nearly fifty members, but only fifteen planned to attend this particular party. Danielle and Henry were being introduced as provisional members. Jim and Greta were their sponsors.

The home was owned by a doctor and his wife, Bob and Liz. They greeted each guest as they arrived. Initially the guests would have a bit of food from the buffet table, get some drinks and would begin talking to each other to connect to their partners-to-be for the evening. Henry and Danielle were an exception in that their pairing was previously agreed to.

Liz hugged each attendee, man or woman as they came in. Bob shook the men’s hand and hugged the women while his hands roamed their bodies openly. Danielle welcomed all attention from Bob and Liz while Henry looked on with just a twinge of jealousy. He put that aside as he saw Greta across the room and his lust for her overcame any little jealousy he felt. He knew this would be a watershed moment for Henry sexually.

Jim and Greta walked up to Danielle and Henry. Jim shook Henry’s hand and gave his hand to his hot wife Greta. Jim took Danielle’s hand and hugged her with his hands also freely roaming her body as Danielle looked over at Henry hugging Greta and his hands all over Greta. Danielle smiled and knew this would work out perfectly.

Danielle and Jim went over to the buffet and selected their hors d'oeuvres and drinks and sat on a nearby couch. Henry and Greta did the same and went into the basement. There was no agreement for Henry and Danielle to swing in sight of each other. In fact, they agreed to be separate and that they did not need to tell the other what happened unless they wanted to.

Down in the basement there were three other couples already paired and engaged in their fun. One couple caught Henry’s attention. The man was nude with a leather collar around his neck and the attached leash in the woman’s hand as she pulled his mouth to her pussy. A crop was applied to his ass as encouragement, as if more encouragement was needed. Greta told him that some of the members enjoyed various kinks and fetishes and that he could get into it if he wanted.

Greta led Henry to a couch and they sat, ate their snacks and began to get into some of what they came to do. Greta was taking the lead initially and began kissing Henry and probing his mouth with her tongue. Henry was in heaven and just let Greta take the lead. Within a couple of minutes Henry was nude and on his knees in front of Greta with his face buried between her hot legs worshiping her wet pussy.

Jim and Danielle went down to the basement just to see if things were going well and Danielle was amazed to see Henry on his knees worshiping Greta’s pussy as if she owned him as a slave. Danielle was surprised to see Henry’s submissive side come out, because he was never submissive with her. In fact, he wasn’t into kinky sex with his wife.

Jim whispered into Danielle’s ear, “Greta does things to men. Just about every man melts any masculinity they thought they had and they end up her slave. Looks like Henry was ready to melt when he got here. It usually takes much longer.”

“Oh, really. Are you her slave too?” Jim nodded and then took her hand to return upstairs.

As they climbed the stairs, their hands in each other’s hands and they found an open bedroom. Jim walked up behind Danielle and began massaging her shoulders and began to massage her ample tits as well. He unbuttoned her blouse slowly as he enjoyed her luscious mounds. The blouse fell to the floor followed by her lacy bra.

She turned and began undressing Jim as well, but started with his pants. She noticed his hard cock wanting freedom and she gave it. As his cock appeared, she held it in her two hands and went to her knees slipping the cock into her waiting mouth.

Danielle wasn’t the least bit shy or nervous about taking Jim’s full length down her throat. She enjoyed sucking a well hung man’s cock. Henry enjoyed getting blow jobs but was only average in his size. It was a treat to enjoy Jim’s 10 thick inches. Her mouth struggled to swallow its full length but she really tried and finally got nearly all of it.

After he pumped his full load down her throat she fell back astonished how that felt. No man had cum down her throat like that. She grabbed his balls and pulled and squeezed. He moaned and let her do what she wanted with his balls. He was no amateur to being dominated by a hot woman.

Danielle was feeling a bit of power over Jim and enjoyed it. She wasn’t normally dominant, as she more enjoyed submitting to lovers. Because she knew Jim was Greta’s slave, she tried this newly discovered side. She wasn’t sure she’d be a real dom, but she wanted to give it a try and Jim was willing to submit.

Danielle told Jim to take her and pound her with his tool. She laid back and spread her legs as he mounted her. She took all of it into her as he pounded and pounded. She came with the most earth shattering orgasm she’d ever felt. He then turned her over and went to her back door.

Danielle had only had one cock up her ass and that was during her college days with her first boyfriend. As the cock went in, she stretched and there was some initial pain, but after it was in she felt incredible. She really enjoyed this cock every way she could. After a couple of hours of hard fucking they were both spent and they laid there together, his head between her legs his tongue slowly and constantly licking her.

When Danielle and Jim got up, they decided to check on Henry and Greta and went looking for them. As they went down the stairs, they saw Greta getting a drink at the bar. She held two leashes. Each was connected to a leather collar buckled around a male slave’s throat. One of the slaves was Henry. His hands bound behind his back with matching leather cuffs. The other was a younger man only about 25 who had come with an older woman.

Danielle enjoyed seeing Henry collared and leashed and loving his new status. The word “SLAVE” was written across his forehead with a black marker and other marking were on other parts of his body. “Greta’s Property” was written on his cock. Danielle enjoyed looking at her husband and met Greta’s eyes with a mutual smile of understanding.

Danielle walked up to Greta and asked if she was enjoying her new slave. Greta smiled and looked into Danielle’s eyes and then said, “definitely, but what I’d like even more is to have you collared and leashed as well.”

“My body can be yours if you want it. You already have my husband’s body. Both of us as your slaves would be something really hot.”

“When the party breaks up later, stay and we’ll all go to my place and go into things further.”

“Yes, Mistress Greta.”

Greta then reached out for Danielle’s tit and caressed it while Danielle just stood there. Her hand then roamed across her body and then down to her pussy. Danielle’s legs spread to help Greta enjoy the exploration.

As the evening concluded, Greta collected her three slaves, keeping them all nude. Henry was already collared and leashed. The collar that was around another male slave earlier was now around Jim’s throat and leashed. A third collar, borrowed from Liz, was now around Danielle’s throat. Each slave was bound with their hands behind their backs. Out the door they were led, stark naked and out to Greta’s car, a van.

Greta drove her slaves back to her home. She purposely parked on the street and unloaded her nude slaves in public. Slowly and with deliberateness, she led them to her front door. Greta’s neighbors were all aware of Greta’s lifestyle and were willing participants in various ways.

Jim and Henry were taken to the playroom directly. Both were locked into a cell and left there. Their cuffs were unclipped but remained in place. Two naked male slaves locked into a small cell, left to await their owner’s attention.

Danielle was led to her owner’s bedroom where she was bound, spread-eagle to the bed.

Greta explored Danielle’s body after removing her own clothes. Her nipples were pinched and Greta put her lips around one of the now hard nipples and licked it and bit it a little. Danielle moaned. The other tit, then her mouth went down to Danielle’s neatly trimmed pussy. Greta’s tongue went to work and Danielle came explosively.

“Remember, slave, I own you now. That means I own your orgasms as well as your body. You will ask permission before cumming from now on. I may grant or I may deny your requests and you better not disobey or your body will feel my wrath.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

The Mistress and her slave made love then fell asleep together, Danielle still wearing her collar and cuffs always remembering her new role as a lesbian slave.

In the morning, Greta woke and told Danielle to go to the playroom, get the two male slaves out of the cell and present them bound on their knees in the living room. About an hour later Greta came down dressed as a dominatrix with her ample tits on display. She saw her three nude bound slaves kneeling in the living room.

“Well now, three slaves. I’m going to enjoy training you two new slaves in your new life. From now on, Slave Henry, you will not touch your wife sexually in any way. She belongs to me now. You belong to me now too. You both will be fitted with chastity devices to ensure your fidelity.”

Both slaves responded, “Yes, Mistress,” in unison.

Training began for the two new slaves. Henry fell deeper into his inner submissive, something he now knew he always felt but refused to acknowledge with Danielle. Danielle always accepted her submissiveness to a woman but just needed the acceptance of Henry. Henry now could deny nothing.

Three years went by with Greta controlling the sex of her slaves. The chastity of her slaves was only released outside of her presence once a year, on the anniversary of them becoming slaves. That day they could fuck each other for two hours only. The chastity would then be put back on until the Mistress had need of the cock or pussy.

On the second such anniversary, Danielle got pregnant by her husband. She often fucked Jim, a fellow slave, but he had been sterilized so there was no risk of pregnancy. Nine months later Sarah was born.

The kinky sex life changed because of Sarah. The bondage and submission was kept from Sarah, but definitely continued. Greta and Jim were said to be her Aunt and Uncle like close family friends often are.

#### **Chapter 2 – Sarah’s Initiation**

Sarah grew up as a relatively normal young girl. She did well in school and was popular with her friends. She was open with her mom regarding her friends and sex life and admitted to her sexual activities. Her mom was fine with it as long as she was on the pill so she wouldn’t get pregnant.

Although Danielle encouraged Sarah to confide in her about sex, she did not reciprocate. Fortunately, Sarah wasn’t interested then because she couldn’t think of her parents sexually. Danielle knew some day that would change. Sarah grew up quite normally, graduated high school and started college at a college in the same town she lived in.

Now 19 and in college, Sarah became interested in cheerleading for the football team. Her body had filled out quite well and the football team each wanted to go out with her, knowing that she wasn’t shy sexually. Her naturally firm C cup size tits were popular. She had an athletic build despite her ample tits, and had a round, tight butt.

Though in college, Sarah still lived at home since the school was in the same town. Danielle and Sarah were close but Danielle didn’t interfere in her sex life, though she loved to hear about her activities, and Sarah did enjoy sharing. Sometimes she thought her mom would be shocked by what Sarah was doing, but Danielle was never shocked. If Sarah only knew about her mom, she’d be the one shocked.

Some of her cheerleading team mates were jealous of Sarah’s body and her popularity with the football team. The cheerleading coach saw something different in her, though. The team knew the coach as a lesbian, since she didn’t hide that fact. The coach was cool and the team was cool with her lesbianism.

After the second football game of the season, a game that was won, the coach asked Sarah to stay after. It was tradition within the team for the coach to take one of the girls to bed for a night of lesbian fun. This day was Sarah’s turn.

Sarah knew it would happen and didn’t fear it. In fact, she looked forward to being chosen and to service the coach. The girls weren’t necessarily lesbian, or even bi, but it was a tradition and the girls accepted the initiation. This gave the girls a no shame way of finding out if they had lesbian or bi tendencies without being embarrassed. The coach thought of it as a public service.

The coach, Carol, led Sarah into her office. The office had a couch that included a pull out bed. Sarah and Carol sat down on the coach and they talked initially. They talked about Sarah’s boyfriends, if she had any interest in girls, etc. Sarah trusted Carol and knew that there would be total discretion. She admitted she enjoyed sex with boys, lots of boys, but that she had a fantasy about sex with girls.

Sarah even admitted a deep fantasy about lesbian sex with her mom and her “Aunt” Greta. Carol was interested in these fantasies and asked various questions to see how much she wanted to do it for real.

What Sarah didn’t know was that Carol was a frequent sex club member with Greta and the others. Carol knew Sarah’s mom quite well, in fact, sexually. Carol had eagerly awaited her sex with Sarah for a long time, but didn’t want to do anything before it was time. Now it was the right time.

Normally these lesbian initiations were just that, lesbian trysts that were basically one night stands. Very rarely did anything kinky happen unless the girl initiated it which only happened one time in the past. This time with Sarah would be different. Carol had kinky needs and she fantasized about Sarah being hers.

Carol began to go down on Sarah and undressed her. Sarah welcomed Carol’s caressing and kissing. She just melted into Carol’s embrace. Carol took advantage of this and went further than she normally did with other girls. Carol opened a drawer and she pulled out a leather collar. She held it up to Sarah.

“Do you accept my collar and will you be my property as a slave?”

“Yes, please collar me and make me your property. I will be your slave for as long as you want my body.”

Carol then fastened it around Sarah’s throat. Sarah accepted it without hesitation and knew what it meant. Carol was a bit surprised that Sarah accepted her fate so easily and so quickly. There must be more to Sarah’s submissive nature that she’d learn about.

Carol ordered a thorough worship of her pussy by her new slave. Sarah complied without hesitation and tasted her first pussy. She loved it. She loved eating pussy even more than sucking cocks, though she knew she wouldn’t swear off boys. They continued and made love to each other all night.

The next morning, Carol woke first and looked over her naked slave’s body and she wondered what her friend Greta would think when she learned that her slave’s daughter was now her slave. She hoped it would be well received if Sarah was shared with Greta.

Carol fantasized about both Sarah and Danielle, both naked slaves serving her and Greta openly. Danielle didn’t know about Sarah’s new status yet, but she did know about Carol’s practice of taking a girl to bed with each winning home game. She had to know it was only days or weeks before Sarah would be taken.

#### **Chapter 3 – Slave Sarah Becomes Owned Totally**

Sarah opened her eyes and felt her nakedness as she laid in the bed with her coach and her owner. She wondered how fast things went the night before to go from cheerleader to chosen sex toy of her coach, to owned slave. He was happy, happier than she’d ever been as she touched the locked leather collar that owned her neck.

“Good morning slave.”

“Good morning, Mistress.”

“How does it feel to know that I own you totally? What do you think your mom will say when she finds out later?”

Sarah thought about it for a moment. She already knew her mom was a sex fiend in that she was very active sexually and she loved kinky sex. She pretty much already knew she’s Bi, but she didn’t know that she was a fully owned lesbian sex slave.

“I don’t know what she’ll think. It doesn’t matter really. I belong to you now.”

Carol laid back and stroked her slaves hair as she thought about how to tell Greta.

Carol told her slave to do her bathroom business, to shower, and present herself to Carol in the kitchen for breakfast. Sarah complied and Carol went down to fix breakfast. She’d have her new slave take over the morning chores going forward once she’s told where things are and what to do. As she prepared a simple breakfast, she picked up the phone and dialed Greta’s number.

“Good morning Greta, how is everything today? I’ve got something I want to tell you, something that happened yesterday. Could you come over for lunch? OK, great, I’ll see you then,” and she hung up with a knowing smile.

Sarah walked in the kitchen a few minutes later still naked wearing only a collar and cuffs. She walked up to her Mistress, fell to her knees and bowed her head.

“Slave, I’m having a friend over for lunch today. You will serve both of us. You are my slave now, and I plan to show you off to all my friends who will also use your sexy body as much as we want.”

“Yes, Mistress. I am yours to use any way you want. I only want to please you.”

“Come here and eat this while I have my breakfast,” as she pointed to her pussy and opened her robe. Sarah moved to the pussy and began to pleasure her owner. Once Carol came, she motioned to Sarah’s food in a dog dish on the side of the kitchen and told her, “From now on, you will only eat from dog dishes and drink from dog bowls unless I tell you different. When I sit down to eat you will come to me on your knees and be ready to pleasure me under the table like you just did. If I have friends eating with me, you will pleasure them as well whether they are men or women.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

After breakfast, Carol told Sarah about her chores and showed her all around the house. She was told to always be naked with only her collar and cuffs no matter who was present. There would be very few exceptions. Sarah’s face blushed red when she realized that the entire cheerleading team would see her as a naked slave to her coach/owner at the upcoming post game party.

The lunch was prepared by Sarah at Carol’s direction. The doorbell rang and Carol told her slave to answer the door and to not cover herself nor to be shy about showing her guest her full body. Sarah knew she’d be showing people her nakedness and already resigned herself to it and went to the door.

Sarah knew Greta, and thought of her as a close family friend and called her “Aunt Greta” for several years. When Sara opened the door fully exposing her body, she looked down at the woman’s feet not knowing yet who it was.

“Sarah! What? You a slave now? This is going to be fun.”

“Oh, Aunt Greta, I’m a slave now, just like mom it to you. Yes, I know about mom, but she doesn’t know I know. Please come in, Mistress is in the living room.”

Greta’s hand roamed Sarah’s body and pinched the nipples. Her hand went down to the slave’s cunt and caressed her ass, then walked to the living room. Sarah followed and knelt next to her mistress.

Carol went over to Greta and gave her a welcoming hug. They have been close friends for years. They have done many bondage parties and enjoyed sharing slaves over the years.

Greta sat on the coach next to Carol and they both looked over the new slave.

“Well, what took you so long getting one of your cheerleaders to become a slave? I always thought those girls would be a great source of raw slave meat to be farmed. Do you have any other girls that may follow this one into slavery?

“A couple prospects, but this one was ripe first. She practically gave herself to me and didn’t need much prompting or enticement.”

Greta smiled. “You know that I have owned her parents for a couple of years. I often thought about Sarah as she grew up, but I didn’t want to take her that way. It felt wrong to make her my slave when I owned her parents. I love that you took her and now own her. Can I use her from time to time?”

“Of course, maybe we can do some parties with your slaves and mine together. I’d love to see how Sarah responds to her parents being slaves and being told to fuck each other for our entertainment. Now that all three are slaves to us, it’s not incest anymore for the parents to fuck the daughter. They’re just slaves obeying their orders, nothing more.”

“I’d love that too.”

“Slave, come over here and display that body for me. I want to enjoy you in a new way.”

Sarah got up and stood in front of Greta and let her do what she wanted. Sarah wasn’t humiliated. She was incredibly hot and excited. Her cunt was dripping wet waiting to be used.

“Go ahead and tell her how to please you. I want to share her with you.”

“Thank you, Slave, come between my legs and let me feel that tongue on my pussy.”

Greta lifted her skirt and revealed her pussy, not wearing any panties. Sarah went to work with no shyness. Her mouth went right to the pussy with her hands on either side gently opening Greta to the slave’s tongue. Greta leaned back and enjoyed her.

Carol looked at her friend and her slave as Sarah really got into eating Greta. Her own hands went to roam her own tits and pussy feeling the heat of the moment. She was happy to share this particular slave because she knew Greta owned Sarah’s parents.

Greta moaned and reached over to caress Sarah with one hand and she reached over to touch Carol’s tit with the other. Greta and Carol were frequent lesbian lovers for many years. There was no domination between them, it was pure mutual lesbianism. They were dominant with others, not each other because neither of them wanted to ruin what they had.

Greta came and said “Ooh, that was good. I never thought that Sarah would have such a talented tongue at such a young age. She used her mouth much like her mom does.”

Carol opened her blouse revealing her tits. “Let’s go upstairs and finish this.”

Greta pushed the slave aside, rose up and took Carol in her arms and they kissed passionately. They then went up to the bedroom with the slave following on her hands and knees.

Carol undressed Greta and pushed her onto the bed then shed the rest of her own clothes. They made love as slave Sarah knelt next to the bed waiting to be used. The two women didn’t acknowledge Sarah’s presence until much later when Carol told her slave to get them a cold drink.

Greta and Carol got up and both dressed and returned to the living room.

“I’d like to get our slaves together this weekend for some fun. Can you keep them oblivious to me owning their daughter until then? I want the enjoy the moment they first see their daughter as a slave serving us both.”

“I’d like that too.”

Greta left a bit later after getting some more time with slave Sarah and playing with her young body.

“You did well, slave. How long have you known about your parents being Greta’s slave?”

“Thank you Mistress. I didn’t know who owned them, but I’ve known they were slaves to someone since I was 15. I didn’t understand much about it then, but I learned.”

The mistress and her slave talked more about how she learned about her parents and how she felt about it, whether she was freaked out, or whether she fantasized about being a slave like her mom. She confirmed that her fantasies were strong.

#### **Chapter 4 – Family of Slaves Learns About Each Other**

Saturday came, the day Sarah’s slave status was to be revealed to her parents. Sarah had been living with her owner the two days since she initially became a slave. She had told her parents that her cheerleaders were doing an outing to celebrate the win of their first home game with the coach as the chaperone. Danielle was fine with it and didn’t have a clue what really happened.

Because Sarah was not home with her parents, Greta had a free hand to use her two slaves more than she normally did. Greta kept the secret about Sarah. She enjoyed the idea of revealing to Henry and Danielle, her slaves, that their beautiful young daughter Sarah was her coach’s totally owned slave.

The reveal party would happen at Carol’s house. Greta’s slaves had been used at Carol’s house many times over the years. They didn’t think twice about being taken there until they remembered that coach Carol was supposed to be out of town with the cheerleaders. When they got there Carol answered the door dressed to kill sexy. She didn’t look like a dominatrix at all, but just one really hot woman.

Henry and Danielle were both nude wearing collars and cuffs on their leashes held by Greta. The slaves' hands were locked behind their backs and they wore leather hoods. The slaves recognized Carol’s voice as Greta led the slaves into the house. She mentioned that she had come back early and her assistant coach had taken over as chaperone. That made perfect sense to Danielle and she thought nothing more about Sarah’s whereabouts.

Greta hugged Carol and they went into the living room and engaged in some small talk. Greta’s slaves were told to kneel on either side of Greta with their legs spread wide. Henry’s cock had been released from his cock chastity for the day. He rarely had such freedom, so he knew something unusual was going to happen. Carol grabbed his cock and stroked it.

Carol went over and sat close to Greta on the couch and they began to kiss. Greta began to touch Carol’s tits and the two began to enjoy the passion of the moment. The two slaves were oblivious to the two dominant lesbians near them enjoying each other. The clothes came off and the two began to make passionate love.

Carol and Greta often enjoyed fucking each other in front of their slaves. After all, they’re slaves and have no rights. They are property and don’t expect consideration or a sense of decorum.

After Carol’s second orgasm and Greta’s only one (but a big one), Carol got up and suggested they go down to the dungeon so they can work over Greta’s two slaves using her new toy. Danielle and Henry thought the new toy was just some new implement of torture. Every time Carol got a new sex toy for the dungeon, she would invite Greta to bring her slaves to try it on. This was seemingly the same to the slaves.

Greta grabbed Danielle’s leash while Carol grabbed Henry’s cock as if it were a leash and she led them to the dungeon.

The dungeon was a separate small building across from the pool in Carol’s back yard. To those who didn’t know what was inside, it looked like a pool house or a guest house. They crossed the yard and Carol opened the door and they entered. Greta looked across the room to the object of the evening, Sarah nude bound between two posts in the middle of the room. She was hooded so she couldn’t see, hear or make any sounds.

Carol suggested that Henry be bound spread eagle on the wall to the left side while Danielle would be bound spread eagle on the wall to the right. Greta bound Danielle and Carol bound Henry, liberally playing with his cock as she bound him. Greta fingered Danielle nearly to an orgasm before stopping then sitting down on the couch facing the three slaves.

Carol went over to Sarah and stroked her tits and pinched both nipples one after the other with one hand while the other hand went down to the sopping wet cunt to check its moisture. She smiled as she looked over to Greta.

“What do you think, Greta? Now I have something to keep me busy in the evenings.”

“Exquisite. Does she know what’s going on?”

“No, she was only told I was going to share her with one of my friends.”

“OK, how do you want to do this, Carol?”

“Why don’t you take off slave Danielle’s hood while I take off my slave’s hood. Then do slave Henry.”

Greta got up and went to Danielle and began removing the hood. It laced up the back and took a couple of minutes to open. Carol began to remove Sarah’s hood. Hers was closed with a zipper so it was quicker to remove. Before she removed Danielle’s hood she went and opened Henry’s so they could be pulled off in rapid succession.

Greta motioned for Carol to pull off Danielle’s hood at the same time she pulled off Henry’s. They did so. The slaves' eyes had been covered for several hours so they were sensitive to the light. While the slaves were blinded by the light, Carol went over to Sarah and pulled off her hood as well.

Greta went over to Sarah and began to play with her nipples. Sarah wished she could rub her eyes because of the light but couldn’t. Sarah looked into Greta’s face and she now saw “Aunt Greta” fondling her bound naked body. She felt confused but she also felt a warm sense of happiness since she always had a secret lesbian crush on her.

Carol went over to Danielle and began to finger her wet slave cunt. Danielle looked at Carol and she looked around the room. She saw her own mistress playing with another female slave in the middle of the dungeon. Danielle couldn’t see the slave’s face because Greta was standing in between. Then Greta stepped aside and Danielle looked right into her daughter’s eyes.

“Sarah! What? What’s going on?”

“She’s my slave now,” Carol whispered into Danielle’s ear.

“What about you, slave?” as she looked over to Henry.

Henry looked at his daughter. He looked to his owner who was obviously very happy with the new slave. Then he looked back to Carol and said, “Mistress, I am Mistress Greta’s property, as is slave Danielle, and I am happy for you to own us. I am also happy Mistress Carol now owns Sarah. It has always been tricky and difficult to keep her out of our sex life. Now its all out in the open now so I just feel relieved.”

“Good way to look at it, slave. We’ll now enjoy the three of you openly from now on,” Carol went on to say.

Greta asked Sarah what she thought of her parents being slaves and now she herself being a slave in front of them.

“Aunt Greta, uh, I mean Mistress Greta, I’ve known that mom and dad were into very kinky sex since I was little. I even knew they were sex slaves to someone, but I didn’t know it was you. I found some of their sex toys and even some pictures of them bound in various ways.”

“You weren’t freaked out by your parents being owned as slaves to someone?”

“No, not really. I envied my mom wishing I could be owned by someone someday. It was a big fantasy for me, and now it’s really happening.”

Greta smiled and reached between Sarah’s legs and inserted her finger into the young slave girl.

“I’ve wanted to play with your young sexy body for years. I had thought of taking you as a slave myself many times, but I also liked being “Aunt Greta” who you loved as if I were your real aunt.”

“I am happy to belong to Mistress Carol who I had a lesbian crush on. I also want to please you to Mistress Greta. I’m so happy you and her are close friends. I didn’t know you knew her, but it’s great.”

Carol went over to Sarah and pulled on a nipple and said, “Do you have any questions slave? I will allow you this one time to ask anything you want, but only this one time.”

“Thank you, Mistress. I don’t know. Things are rushing around in my head. I think I really only have one question, really.”

“What’s that, slave?”

“I’m your slave. My parents belong to Mistress Greta. How are things going to be from now on with them? What will you allow in terms of family? What will you make me do with them since we’re all slaves now?”

“Good questions. From now on you are simply property. You are like that chair over there. The other slaves are property of Greta similarly. You will be told to do things with people, some slaves, some my friends, etc. You will do what you’re told no matter what it is and no matter who it’s with. If I tell you to fuck my plumber, you fuck him. If I tell you to fuck the entire cheerleading team, you fuck them. If I tell you to fuck your father, slave Henry, you fuck him without any second thoughts.”

Greta then added, “Regarding your family life, they are your mom and dad. You are their daughter. When necessary for the public necessity of having a family life you will be allowed to be with them without being slaves. You and they will need to figure that out for those occasions, but I think now that everything is out in the open it will be easier for all of you to enjoy your submission.”

“Any more questions?”

Sarah said there were no more questions. And Danielle and Henry had none as well.

“OK, then, let the fun begin,” Greta and Carol said in unison.

Gags were fitted to each slave. Greta picked up a flogger while Carol picked up a crop.

Greta went over to slave Sarah and began to whip her with the first stroke landing firmly and expertly right on her clit. “Remember, slave, I am not your ‘Aunt Greta’ any longer. I am a very demanding, and often cruel mistress who enjoys inflicting pain on slaves to get them to make beautiful music with their moans and screams.”

Sarah began to shudder in fear and the whipping continued and later she felt total abandon. Greta applied the whip on all parts of the body front and back. Because Sarah was bound in the middle of the room, all parts of her body were easily available. Between strokes, Greta would play with the slave’s tits, or cunt.

“She’s getting nicely all red, Greta. You can stripe her if you want,” Carol told her dominant friend.

“Yes, I love that color on a slave’s flesh. I don’t want to stripe her this time. Maybe some other time, though.”

While Greta was whipping Sarah, Carol was whipping both Danielle and Henry. She had moved them to be bound back to back to a chain hanging down from the ceiling. She initially used a crop on Danielle’s tits then thighs. Henry got the crop on his cock and his legs. Both had become pain sluts over the years of Greta’s training.

Carol switched to a Cat-o-nine- tailed whip and resumed whipping the two slaves. Their bodies were now as red as their slave daughter’s body. Carol’s arm was tired as was Greta’s. The two dominants too a break and sat down on the coach. They took a sip of wine that was there for them and nibbled on a fruit and cheese tray that Carol had put out earlier.

“I love how things have changed with the slaves. Let’s get their tongues busy. I want to see how your slave can use her mouth.”

Carol got up and released Sarah. She bound her hands in front of her and removed the gag. She then presented her slave to Greta and told her to pleasure her. Sarah didn’t hesitate and knelt between Greta’s legs and began to kiss and lick Greta’s now exposed pussy.

Carol then went over to Greta’s slaves and she released them. She then brought them both to the couch and told them both to worship her. Danielle was told to worship the pussy while Henry was told to worship her feet. They didn’t disappoint. Despite being in front of their naked daughter who what pleasuring their own owner, they went to work on Carol as if it were the most natural thing in the world to do submissive sex in front of Sarah.

After both dominant women had their fill of the slaves’ attentions, the slaves were all three bound to the walls. They were left ungagged and the doms went out to the pool so they could cool off.

The three slaves were not told to be silent so they could talk among themselves. Danielle asked how she had become a slave. Sarah told her the whole story and left nothing out. There were no secrets now and in fact, she was proud of becoming a piece of property just as her own parents were someone’s property too.

Sarah asked about her parents and how they became Greta’s slaves and Henry told her this story while Sarah stared at her dad’s cock which was fully erect as he told the story. Danielle watched her daughter stare at her father’s cock. She wasn’t concerned about the incest aspect because they would all do what they were ordered to do irrespective of familial biology. She wasn’t jealous at all because they were slaves down to the core of their being.

“Sarah, if your mistress told you to fuck your father, would you do it? Would you suck his cock and take his cock into your cunt?”

“Yes, I would do what I was ordered. I would have no choice so, yes I’d suck and fuck him. I might even enjoy it because I’d be just obeying my owner and there’s no shame in enjoying it all.”

“Henry, would you like to fuck Sarah?”

“No, but I would do it with no hesitation if I’m ordered.”

“We’ll all do what we’re told. We will always love each other no matter what we’re told to do to each other or anyone else. We are slaves, that’s it.”

All three nodded and they continued just looking at each other’s bodies. They didn’t hide their lust now that the veneer of family was removed and they were just three naked slaves bound together. That was their new reality. It was a reality that they all embraced fully.
