---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Delayed Freedom
authors:
- James Ellis
tags:
- Sbm
- chain
- cuffs
- hood
- stuck
- cons
- X
---

**Delayed freedom - The Treasure Hunt**

Over the years my collection of bondage toys has increased and my methods
of delaying freedom in self-bondage have varied. One of my favoured methods
is to lay a trail of keys, a few years ago I added a lockable waist and
crotch harness with attached cuffs to my collection. This together with
a tight leather hood led to an unplanned three and a half-hour marathon
session.

For the treasure trail I start by locking the keys to my bondage in
a cash box that is chained to the radiator in my bedroom. The key to the
cash box is then padlocked to the chain and the key to this put in the
locking left-hand drawer of the old sideboard in the spare room. The key
for this drawer is then locked to the plug chain of the bathroom sink.
The key to this padlock is then put in the lockable right-hand drawer of
the sideboard in the spare room. The key to this drawer is then placed
on the lowest shelf of the airing cupboard and the door closed.

To get
to the keys I now have to make my way, in bondage, from the bedroom to
the airing cupboard open the door and fumble for the key. Then in to the
spare room, then to the bathroom, back in to the spare room, then to the
bedroom, release the key from the chain and finally I have to sort out
the keys to release my self. Using a six-inch hobble on my ankle cuffs
this is quite a slow journey, usually about fifty minutes. However this
time I thought I was going to be discovered in bondage.

It was a Friday and because of a power cut at work I had unexpectedly
got the day off, although I was expecting a friend to visit for the weekend,
they were not due to arrive until after eight that evening. So I finished
all my preparations for the up coming visit and by one o 'clock had some
time to kill, a solo bondage session beckoned.

I stripped off and put on my leather posing pouch. To start my session
I laid out my treasure trail as described above. The harness has a waist
belt with a locking buckle plus a crotch strap that splits and passes to
either side of the testicles and penis and attaches to two lockable buckles
on the waist belt. The wrist cuffs are attached to the crotch strap at
the rear keeping the hands pinned firmly to the small of the back; these
also have locking buckles. With this harness on and locked I then locked
on my ankle cuffs, now fitted with an eighteen inch spreader bar. This
means I have used seven small padlocks each with a different key, all of
which are on the same ring in the cash box.

Having decided I wanted quite a tough session I put swimming rubbers
in my ears, a large sponge ball in my mouth and then got my leather hood
and laced it on tightly, this is a blank hood with just breathing holes
at the nose. I was now effectively blindfolded, gagged and my hearing was
greatly reduced. Before I could change my mind I secured the wrist cuffs
and locked the buckles. I lay back and tested my bondage; the sensual deprivation
heightened my helplessness, I wasn't getting loose without the keys or
a sharp knife.

A sudden thought hit me, I had forgotten to lay a knife
out and they were all downstairs. I certainly didn't relish attempting
stairs bound like this! Especially as it was a bright summers day and my
downstairs curtains were all open. Anyone looking in would surely see
me struggling around in my bondage. Oh well, I had done the treasure trail
many times before without any problems, albeit not blindfolded, so I shouldn't
need a backup.

Now as you probably know even familiar rooms become a maze when you
are blindfolded, so the journey to the airing cupboard took some time.
I got the first key with no problem and made my way slowly toward the spare
room. At least I thought I did, until I bumped into the chair in my bedroom,
wrong door, backtrack. Second attempt right room and I found the sideboard
easily. Getting the correct drawer was a bit more difficult and by now
I am regretting the hood. I had forgotten how claustrophobic it could get
in them; I sit on the spare bed for a rest and try to cool down.

By now I've decided I should have used a separate gag and blindfold
rather than the hood, but it isn't coming off until I can get to my keys.
So I set off to the bathroom, this time I get the right door first time,
I followed the wall! I get hold of the plug chain and unlock the padlock
holding the next key and another set back strikes, the key falls to the
floor. Now I am regretting the spreader bar, with a chain hobble it is
fairly simple to kneel and then gently roll down on to your side, not so
with your ankles held eighteen inches apart! You fall off line and when
you can't see it is very difficult to find a key, by now I am really sweating
and the inside of the hood feels like a sauna. I manage to locate the key
but in the process I've pushed the bathroom door shut. I decide I need
another rest before I get back on my feet, but I am also feeling thirsty
from all the sweating I suppose. Talk about frustrating, here I am in the
bathroom just an arm length from a tap, but with the hood on there is no
way I can get a drink, still I wanted a tough session.

Having cooled down a bit I struggled to my feet and opened the door
making my way to the spare room and the locked drawer. This goes according
to plan and now I am one room and two locks away from my release keys.
However I am feeling really drained, I have no idea how long I've been
in bondage, the ear plugs have kept out all but the loudest noises. I know
it's after three as I have heard children shouting as they make their way
home from school. So it's been at least two hours since I began my treasure
trail. Making my way back to my bedroom I fumble for and find the padlock
holding the cash box key. I have the key to the cash box in my hand, then
my phone rings, the sudden noise after almost complete silence makes me
jump and I drop the key! My ansafone kicks in; it's my friends telling
me they will arrive early, around six.

Now I am beginning to panic I'll die of embarrassment if I'm found like
this!

The problem is I'm in a panic, my heart rate is through the roof and
I'm hyperventilating, the sweat is rolling off me.

Calm down I tell myself,
you're not going to get free unless you think.

Slowly my breathing returns
to normal, now I face a dilemma do I search for the key or try and get
to a knife downstairs. I'm still panicky so I reject the second option
and start searching for the key. After what seems like an eternity I feel
something cold by my bottom it's the key.

However it takes a good deal
of manoeuvring to get my hands to it. My heart is still racing like a train
and sweat is pouring from me in rivers. Now all I have to do is open the
cash box and find the correct key for my wrist cuffs. Third time lucky,
my left arm is free frantically I work at the knot holding the laces to
the hood, not a good idea, free the other wrist first. Now I have to feel
for the keys again, three more tries and my right arm is free. Now I can
unlace the hood. Fresh air on my face feels so good. As my eyes adjust
to the brightness I look at the bedside clock, God it's nearly twenty to
five. I free myself from the rest of my restraints, take a shower and freshen
up.

My friends arrive just after six blissfully unaware of the bizarre sight
they could have found an hour or so earlier.

2001
