---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Clothesline Cable
authors:
- Phoebe
tags:
- Sbf
- stuck
- caught
- F-f
- bond
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2006-05-29 00:00:00
---

Early Saturday morning Darla rushes out of her bedroom and
almost passes me by. When suddenly turning, plants a smoldering kiss on my lips, then with an arch in her eyebrow
says, “be good Phoebes, see you back around
noon
, ok!”.

Be good! Hmph, hell yes I’m always good and when I’m
bad, as the cliché goes, I’m only better… and so in this frame of mind I
find myself wandering the many aisles of my fave local hardware store.

I’m in here looking for some better method besides using plain old rope to
tether myself in our backyard when the urge to do a solo bondage scene arises.
Chain is always my first choice but the larger linked kind really makes too much
of that lovely rattley noise (we have somewhat active neighbors on either side)
and I've had bad luck with the small kind of chain getting impossibly knotted
and tangled up while pacing around the yard waiting for the chunk of hanging ice
to finally melt and expose the precious key contained inside.
So I happen upon a package containing 50 feet of plastic coated clothesline
cable. “Hey what is this!” I talk to the ever helpful aisle guy there and he
tells me that I also need these "aluminum ferrules" that you crimp
with a vise on the cable ends to make your cable loops. Perfect. Rushing home I
now have an idea just how I’ll be spending my morning.
The plastic coating on the cable is an eye pleasing green and I thought, “what
a pretty collar or perhaps hobble that would make.” So I cut what I estimated
to be enough to fit around my neck, leaving extra to loop back through the
"ferrules". Cutting this with wire cutters was really difficult and I
hurt my wrist from squeezing on the cutters so forcefully. Crimping the ends,
literally on the other hand, was easy using the workbench vise in the garage.
Soon I had my pretty green collar all ready to try on!
On to my bedroom. Playing around I discover the coolest thing in that if I made
a small noose with the cable and then slip the other end of the cable through
the first noose I now had what looked like wire handcuffs. Sort of shaped like
this: O\_O. I can slip one hand in one loop and have just enough room to barely
squeeze my other hand through the other. Of course with my hands in front I can
just barely wriggle a hand out and escape, but hey, how about when lying down on
my bed?

I take off my
jeans and socks then bounce happily on the mattress .The windows are open and
the sheer lace trimmed curtains are thrown back. I’m now looking out upon a
beautiful sunlit morning and taking a deep breath become conscious of how fast
my heart is beating. My bed is a lovely queen size four-poster with lots of
spindles that support a sturdy arched headboard and matching footboard. Tossing
the satin pillows off I now lie back and place my wrists up over my head through
a spindle. I feel confident that I can work a hand free and sure enough I do
just that. Oh, but the rush of accomplishing that feat has ignited an old
feeling in me and I’m starting to feel more than a little warm glow in my
belly!

The headboard spindles are about three inches apart and if
I place two of them between my hands I can barely reach the open loop with my
free hand. As I work my hand in, my forearms are sliding further down the space
between the bedroom wall and the spindles. Now my elbows are reaching near level
with my ears. Slowly, carefully I work the wire slip noose up my wrist, but as I
do this I have to keep squeezing my forearms into the two spindles separating my
hands and thus widening out my elbows that are now being wedged upon the outer
spindles. Ouch.

With a heart pounding rush finally my wrist is snared and I
then alternately thrash about and luxuriate in my captivity. The warmth below
has now turned to glorious radiating waves. Each one building and building upon
the other. I manage to hold off until the tension is too much to bear and
gasping, quickly squeeze my legs together while at the same time pull with all
my might against the spindles. Bliss, absolute fucking bliss as multiple orgasms
grip and send me far, far away.

Of course my private bliss balloon must come down to land
sometime, right? Right. I now find myself flat on my back in soaking panties
with my wrists firmly held prisoner inside a double loop of stupid green clothesline cable!

I’m stuck. There’s no other word for it. Every angle I
attempt in order to gain slack in the loops is always thwarted by the bedroom
wall or some combination of the headboard spindles which are preventing my
forearms from moving in the direction that will free me. I’m stuck! I can’t
believe how well the loops have my wrists held!

Gazing out the bedroom windows I watch what little of the morning I can see go by. I start when I hear my neighbor rustling
around and briefly think of calling out to him since I’m still fairly
presentable. Hey not like I’m wearing my chains and gag or even nude for that
matter. I’m just STUCK!

The front door slams and Darla’s voice calls out,
“Phoebe it‘s me, I’m home. Phoebes? Where are you?” Soft footsteps
approach from the hall and Darla’s surprised face peers in.

“Hi, honey, how was work?” I say with my most radiant
smile. I’m greeted with her 20 second death stare along with tightly clenched
hands that are firmly planted on very pretty hips.

“Goddammit Phoebe, here we go again”. Walking over to
assess my situation she leans over me and notes the green cable loops around my
wrists, and in the same motion runs a hand over my soaked panties, sending major
shivers bucking through me that don’t go entirely unnoticed by her.

Bringing her hand up briefly to smell my scent, she starts
in on me. First, about the dangers of messing up like this in solo play; fire,
earthquake, wrath of God stuff… then the hurt she feels at being left out while
I’m clenching my way to nirvana, and finally my now broken promise to her of
not engaging in any solo play without telling
her first.

Giving me a last lingering stare I see a flicker of a smile
form at the corners of her mouth, “I was hoping for the two of us to have a
fun afternoon together Phoebe, and I’m not going to let you ruin it.” She
slowly turns away and then as if an afterthought, abruptly slams shut the
windows.

I have a large old wooden hope chest at the foot of my bed.
In it are most of my bondage things, and to this chest is where Darla begins
rummaging. Events were now looking
most decidedly up. Items in it start thumping onto the bed and I decide to close
my eyes and lie back as this really isn’t an uncomfortable position to be
bound in.

I let my inspired sweetheart take complete charge.

Like I actually have a choice in the matter…

A mask appears before me. Soft padded leather, it feels
cool on my face as she lifts my head to buckle it tightly behind. A long kiss
and then another while a hand runs
lightly over my panties and they begin to be drawn down then tossed near enough
that I smell my own fragrance. Now my ankles are being spread wide, probably by
tie down straps, and secured to the spindles at the footboard.

Shifting around to even the tension on my limbs I feel the
bed move and now Darla is sitting on my hips. Fingernails rake upward on my ribs
as she pushes my bra and tee-shirt up over my head. Hands lightly massage my
nipples, firming them as they rise to greet these most tender caresses.

More kisses long and deep, each one building on a
reawakening fire below. She’s laying on top of me now making low growling
noises as we continue to kiss. Finally she slides off the bed and warm sunlight
now streaming through the windows is
full upon me. This is heaven! Almost, damn I can’t pull my legs together and
so the waves of tension continue to pulse through me. Now my legs are being
repositioned, crossing over so that I have to twist and lay on my left side.
“Open”, she commands as my wet panties are now pressing against my lips.
Defiantly I shake my head no. “Fine, have it your way”. My panties retouch
my lips but this time the rubber of a ball gag is pushing them in while her
thumbnail is raking up my left nipple and then giving it a long slow twist as if
it’s a stubborn doorknob.

“Oww! Okay!” I begin to cry out, only to accept
both my panties and ball gag for the trouble.

Darla is sliding in on top of my left thigh and I feel her
bare legs against my chest and back. We usually do this position when sharing a
double dildo and sure enough I feel the pressure as one slips into my very
exited pussy. Our heads apart and pussy to pussy we or rather she rocks back and
forth gliding the dildo in and out the both of us. The breathing through my nose
is rising as the wave building inside me continues and I revel in just how truly
pleasant this feels. Normally we reach down and hold hands to pull and push
ourselves along but with my legs tied she is holding onto my right ankle softly
moaning to herself. Suddenly a fingernail lightly trace down the ball of my
foot.

“Mmmh!,” I scream in the gag. “Oh you bitch!,“ I want to yell at
her. More tickling interspaced with long digging into my arch. I try kicking
away, but while there’s some slack, she’s unrelenting not even pausing my
torment to orgasm. Darla’s bucking shudder only causes her to dig into my poor
foot tighter using both hands. Oh I’m right on edge too if she’d only let
up!

She suddenly does stop and with a sigh pulls away, taking
the dildo out of me. Mewling through the gag and bucking my hips gets me
nowhere. Then my feet are loose and it feels good to finally stretch flat. Not
for long though as she now sits abruptly atop me, awakening an urgency in my
bladder. So too the gag is popped
out along with my panties. I feel her sliding towards me and sigh as the bladder
pressure is lessened. My tongue is ready to receive her and she then rides me
properly. I know Darla well, and I’m prepared when her tension builds as she
bucks and slides a giant orgasm across my nose, momentarily suffocating me.

Gasping together she then falls away and lies down next to
me, quiet, just breathing. One arm across me plays idly with my still exited
right nipple.

“Darla?”, no answer and I dare not push it.

Too late as she
laughingly whispers, “You know for someone in your position shouldn’t you be
calling me Mistress?”

“Yes, Mistress,” smiling as I reply. The mask is
unbuckled and falls away and I see her pretty backside walk into the bathroom.
Damn, I don’t want to call out and be considered disobedient but the bathroom
is also very much on my mind now too. She finishes and slowly dresses, putting
my toys back into the hope chest and starts to leave.

“Um,” I take a risk in saying.

“What, do you need something?”

I raise my wrists, still captured in the green cable, “If
my Mistress would be so kind…”

“I don’t know what you want of me, Phoebe I didn’t
put you in that… I‘ll be back later.”

I sigh, “Fine, look I’m really sorry for not telling
you. Release me and I’ll wash your stupid car.” her eyes narrow. “Ok, ok,
I’ll wash it every Saturday for a month,” I quickly say.

“And you’ll wear a bikini while you wash it?”

“Oh come on Darla then I’ll get all stared at. Can I at
least wear shorts?”

“Perhaps, but I don’t care who else looks. I’ll be
looking. I plan to read the morning paper on the patio and enjoy you.”

“Deal“. I sigh and wave my wrists impatiently. She
comes around and slides a leg over
my upper chest as she works above the headboard, and reaches down to my awaiting
hands.

Darla has shorts on and her firm inner thigh is right in my
face. I just can’t resist a lick. Getting no response other than her telling
me to try and push my wrists closer together I sigh, “Gee, no shit. You know I
never thought of doing that before…”

Someday, oh someday I hope to be able to understand the
brainless things I do:

I bite the inside of her thigh. Hard. Really, really hard.

“OWW! OUCH! You Stupid Bitch! Ow! Shit, I think you drew
blood!” I hear her say now from the bathroom.

“What the fuck is wrong with you! Ow, I need ice,” she
cries exiting to the kitchen. And once again, hands bound overhead, I’m stuck
alone in my room.

“Darla… Um, Mistress?.. are you there?.. please I
really gotta go…”

“Fuck you, Phoebe I hope you piss all over yourself,”
she calls out from the den.

“Mistress, please I’m sorry.” though in reality the
memory of what I’d just done gives me the sillies and I start to quietly laugh
until sharp pangs from my bladder quickly end it.

“Mistress?.. I‘ll wash your nice car for a whole
year… naked even.” Frankly I’m not kidding as time is running out.

She appears and I try hard to suppress a smile.

“You know if you really were my slave I’d horsewhip the
shit out of you every day.”

Giving her my best scolded puppy look I purr, “Oh Darla,
I knew you still loved me.”

I raise up my hands and she walks over only to rake her
right hand deep across my belly.

“Ohh,” gasping I squirm away.

“I should sit on you.”

“Please no, you win. I’ll do anything you want.”

Warily she leans over me but I’m done playing and just
close my eyes.

“Rescue me, please...”

Finally Darla
pries the cable from my wrist. “Ahh!”

Smiling harshly at me she says, “I can’t think of a
punishment even remotely suitable for you right now, but you owe me, bitch.”

As I dash off to the bathroom I can’t wait to find out just what I owe.

The end
