---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sam and Em
authors:
- ForeverAltered
tags:
- F/f
- fpov
- chastity
- shop
- public
- oral
- naked
- mittens
- tape
- bond
- buttplug
- strapon
- anal
- game
- gag
- petgirl
- collar
- toys
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-12-06 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 27

"Oh, no! Oh, no!"

I kept saying the same two words over and over as I finally gained the courage to leave the dressing room behind me. I closed my eyes and mentally counted in my head, when I reached the third number, that was when I pulled back the curtain separating me from the rest of the customers and ran towards the door.

The second after I pulled the curtain back, my arms reached around my stomach, holding onto my sides with as much force as I could muster to hide the chastity belt away from the public eye. If even one person caught the steel material shining in the unnatural light, that could have been enough to get everyone's attention. It was impossible to know how anyone would react to seeing the tight belt around my waist. Potentially, they have the power to ignore it, or put it down to their brain's imagination. However, it was the other possibility that played over and over in my head. The potential that someone saw it who didn't take too kindly with my kink being on display to the public.

The last thing I wanted was to be labelled a pervert by someone who didn't know me.

My face went fully red as I managed to get myself back to the main shop. Everywhere I looked were customers shopping around, far, far more than I remembered there being before. Any one of the many people here could have looked towards me and seen the contraption that was locked around my waist.

"Shit!" I swore loudly under my breath, "Shit! Shit!"

My legs were completely numb; just as the rest of my body was, but they still managed to pull me forwards. My head jumped from customer to customer, gladly seeing they were more interested in the clothes in front of them, than the awkward, young woman who was sneakily walking past them. My arms dug further and further into my body, paranoid that some part of the belt was still on show at the front and my rather thin arms were unable to hide the rolled steel hanging off my thigh bones.

I even went as far as to try facing the customers the entire time, knowing that it would have been impossible to hide the back of the belt from them, clearly showing the metal connection at the small of my back before traveling down my butt. Surprisingly, this weird action went unnoticed by many of the customers.

This was a nightmare. I wanted the ground to swallow me up there and then, at least that would have gotten me out of this situation. The entire time I dreaded someone coming up to me and asking about the obvious, that or someone shouting at the top of their lungs at me, gaining the attention of far more people than I desired.

I wanted to hold my mouth, something to stop me from letting out a yelp from how stressed I was getting. But I couldn't, I couldn't lift my hands even if I wanted to.

There were so many people.

My heart died when someone finally took their eyes off the products in front of her and looked in my direction. It was a woman who must have been around five years older than me, dirty-blonde hair with large hooped earrings. She scanned me up and down with her brown eyes before a soft, sympathetic smile stretched across her face.

"Did you eat something funny, hun?" She asked, her voice was calming and soothing on the ears, but her attention made me more anxious.

"What? Oh," I asked, my brain didn't connect what she was saying before I opened my mouth to speak. I looked down at my arms, the way they were standing over each other in an 'X' pattern made it look like I was holding my stomach for other reasons, "Oh… yeah. I'm feeling a 'lil under the weather."

"Did you need anything? Anything at all?"

"Uh, no… no, it's fine. I think my mother's nearby. But thanks."

She smiled and gave me a small nod. I felt such a relief the moment she turned around and continued going over the items to purchase. I quickened my pace, going from a slow walk to a small jog until I reached the end of the aisle, hoping that she wouldn't turn around before I left and saw my shame.

Luckily, what I said was true. As soon as I reached the end of the aisle, I noticed both Jane and Emily standing at the queue; paying for the two dresses Emily and I were wearing minutes before. My sister was looking around the entire time, trying to look out for me. Her eyes widened once she saw me, before waving me over.

Once again, I sprinted until I was standing right next to them. I could see Emily trying to hide a smile, clearly amused by my position and trying to hide the obvious from everyone else in the shop. The woman behind the counter gave me a quick glance, her eyes went over my torso before instantly traveling downwards to the area I was hiding.

"Please tell me we are going straight home," I pleaded with my sister in a low tone.

Emily nodded, "Yeah, we will be leaving soon."

"Oh, thank god."

"Right after lunch," Jane added.

Emily's mother was placing her credit card back into her purse, she then thanked the woman behind the counter before turning back to me with her emotionless stare.

"What?" I whined.

"Emily's hungry, I'm hungry. So we are going to a restaurant for lunch."

"Can… can we just go home first and then go out?"

"Why? We are already here."

I suddenly realised how many eyes were on me. Not only was the mother/daughter combo staring at me in my predicament, but the lady behind the counter struggled to return her gaze to the next approaching customer. That, and a selection of people waiting in the queue to be served were looking directly at us, with my complaining picking up more unwanted attention. I bit my lip, realising arguing was not only futile, but wouldn't work out in my favour either way.

I swallowed, "Fine, can we just go?"

"Sure thing," Jane smirked, seemingly loving the situation she personally placed me in.

Momentarily, I felt a sense of relief, knowing I was finally leaving the store and hiding away from the multiple eyes that were either noticing the belt that was around my waist, or wondering what strange event was happening before them. Emily walked to my side, placing her arm around before we turned around to walk out of the door. The mother and daughter almost immediately began talking about where to go for a meal and began listing the amount of restaurants in the area, occasionally looking in my direction for some kind of input; which was always answered by me shrugging my shoulders.

I did not care where we ate. The idea of sitting down somewhere was more beneficial to me than standing, knowing that being in that position would cease any attention I might have gotten from other people, sitting down would have made the metal around my waist harder to see and that was all I cared about at that moment.

Then it hit me. The cool afternoon air, the low level heat from the summer's day. The realisation that I was leaving a smaller area and moving to a much larger one. In the shop, there were many eyes that looked over my form and questioned the steel, however now anyone could walk past and see it. Anyone, anyone in the entire world would have all the right to be walking on these streets, in any direction.

Panic set in. I had no problem protecting my dignity from the front, but the belt was on both sides. I could not protect my back from the glares, no matter how much I pulled down my top, no matter how much I tried to pull up my shorts; the metal that connects to the small of my back and travelled down towards my butt was easily on show.

"Oh, no!" I repeated my dismay from earlier, the familiar feeling of panic settling in, realising the day was only going to get worse for me.

\*\*\*

The room was silent. Even the movement of the outside world just outside the window didn't touch my eyes, trees swayed in the wind, birds landed on the balcony outside before fluttering their feathers to take flight once more, not a single sound touched me. Only the occasional sound of my fingertips pressing against the keyboard almost lit up the room, a contrast between the nothingness and the tapping of the mechanical keyboard felt like a hammer driving a nail into my ear canal.

Sitting alone in the living room was painful enough, but what was expected of me was beginning to hurt my heart. On the laptop screen in front of me sat an almost blank page. Only my name, address and contact details filled the top of the document, with the vertical line flashing; as if waiting for me to continue with my words, as if I should have known exactly what to put.

It was a CV.

Not only was I supposed to look after Emily when we moved away, but Jane began to expect me to begin looking for a job before we even packed. She wanted me to be prepared for when we left this house, 'To begin our new life running, not taking a steady stroll' as Emily's mother put it. That was what we spoke about yesterday at the restaurant. The subject of the metal device around my waist had ceased almost immediately, the embarrassment of being locked by my sister's mother had taken second place to being spoken to like an adult; and about a real-life situation.

Jane wasn't angry as she spoke. She stayed level-headed, asking me about what I wanted to do when we finally left. Was I just going to spend my days moping around an empty apartment as Emily went to her studies? Or was I going to be a grown up and begin looking for an occupation, begin looking for a way to support both of us and without the help of our parents.

It was a sobering situation. Everytime my brain returned to the thought of the metal on my body, Jane seemed to force me to wake up and think about our future. Not once did she even talk about what happened at the clothing shop, not once did she even hint at my locked away sex or the key that she somehow had hidden on her body.

It seemed like the days where we would mess around and have fun were over, and that I had to think about our future as a couple. As much as I wanted to disagree with her, the older woman was right, I had to think about how I could help Emily… the last thing I wanted was to be a burden to my sister.

Damn this stupid belt!

I sat and stared at the screen. Writing down my accomplishments was much harder than I anticipated. There wasn't much to talk about in my education, as it was the bare minimum. Emily was the more academically gifted out of us both. However, I had work experience. I've had nearly a year at Tanya's… that should count for something.

The screen came back to my vision once more. The vertical line ticked away as if it was getting impatient with my mental rambling, begging for me to bring my hands to the keyboard once more and write anything about myself. But nothing came…

The silence was deafening. I let out a sigh, my hands gingerly rested on the metal frame that hooked into my thighbone, reminding me of the situation I found myself in. To make it worse, Jane kept the key on her at all times, taking it to work with her at the hospital on the other side of town, meaning the object that held my freedom was far out of my reach. It was a thought that drove me insane, not helping me think about the simple task that was given to me.

I tutted. Picking up the laptop before I walked out of the room.

"Emily…" I asked, my voice echoing down the hallway, "Em, I need help."

I opened the door to our bedroom. Emily laid completely naked on our bed, her legs stretched open as wide as they would go as her arms reached behind her head to grip the bedframe. She was grunting and letting out soft little moans as she was being brought to orgasm. Between her legs was another naked, thin, blonde haired woman. Becky rested with her stomach against the mattress, her mouth firmly against my sister's sex, her tongue exploring it as deep as it would go.

"Sam… oh, god…" Was all that my sister could moan.

I walked up to her, placing my butt onto the bed beside her, showing her the almost empty screen that I had been working on for almost half an hour.

"I don't know what to write," I pouted.

"N-not now," she groaned, her voice becoming more higher pitched at the end.

"But you know me and you know what to write for this kind of thing. What would you put?"

"Seriously, Sam. I can't think right now."

She brought her hands down, allowing her fingers to ruffle through the blonde girl's hair, I couldn't tell whether this was to slow down Becky's attacks with her tongue, or to get more of a hold on the situation, or it might have just been her indulging herself further from the pleasure she was receiving. I relished the idea of teasing my sister further. Torturing her by trying to take her attention away from Becky and the task I had at hand.

"Please, Em," I whined, "I really want to get this sorted as quick as possible."

I even went as far as to place the laptop on her stomach, she flinched as the cold bottom of the device came into contact with her sensitive skin. It took her less than a second to forget about this exchange as Becky's tongue continued to work thoroughly on her. I watched as her fingers spasmed in the woman's bright mane, allowing the blonde strands to get tangled between her digits. The movements were quick and without control, telling me my sister did not have much time left before she would orgasm.

"Give me…a… minu- a minute."

Her voice was breathless, her words had little thought behind them. It was almost like it was an automatic response as her brain was preoccupied with the other sensations traveling through her.

She continued, her voice as breathless as before, "I am… so close."

I wanted to torment my sister further, to try and take her attention away from the young woman lapping at her sex, however… I was unable to do so. I had seen Emily orgasm multiple times, most of them were at my hands or from my doing. It wasn't often I saw her reach that level of pleasure without me being involved. Even so, there was something addictive about watching her body go through that experience. The way her back arched, trying to get as much sensation as possible from whatever was giving her the pleasure, the way her body falls to the bed, like all of her limbs going numb at the same time, the way her eyes flutter upwards and her brain travels somewhere else; as if she was placed on a rocket and left the world altogether.

It was something I would never tire of seeing.

Emily lost control. Her hands shook, allowing Becky's hair to fall through her fingertips, they shook and danced for a few minutes, the entire time my sister's brain faded into another world. Long gone were the moans and groans she was seductively singing whilst riding our friend's tongue, replaced with a short collection of grunts and deep breaths, seemingly as if she was unable to take the feeling that came over her.

Becky didn't stop. The entire time my sister went through this journey, the tongue failed to cease. Stroking her throbbing clit up and down as the scent of my sister's orgasm entered her open mouth, causing the young woman to work harder at her job. Then it happened, a long gasp exited Emily's mouth and her hand once again reached towards Becky, this time to release the woman from her duty. However, I was there first. It didn't matter that Emily was using all of her strength to push the young woman away, her hands were relieved of their strength; momentarily removed along with the tension of the orgasm. My hand was gently placed at the back of the young woman's head, but with enough power to combat my sister's intent.

"Oh.. god, oh… please." She stumbled on her words, "I've come… I've come, I cannot take anymore… please."

I could see Becky's grin from between Emily's thighs, the younger woman had no intention of stopping her attack anytime soon, her tongue worked the clit exactly as before, without losing any momentum, and I was more than happy to keep her in place.

She continued to beg, "Oh… please, Sam! I can't take anymore… I'll do your… your CV, just… just stop!"

My sister removed her hands from the young woman below her, instead she placed one hand on my shoulder and the other on my chest. I could tell she had no strength on her body, as much as she tried to pull my shirt and pull me closer, there was absolutely no power in her moves.

"I know it's overwhelming, but I think you can take one more," I grinned.

"No… no…no… no."

"Just sit back and relax. The CV can wait, I think you'll enjoy this more."

"No… I can't. Please, Becky…"

"Just wait for the feeling to come back around. Trust me, you'll enjoy it."

I pulled her hands off me, placing them onto her soft, bare stomach. The task was much easier than I had anticipated, it seemed that the orgasm from before was enough to completely wipe her of most of her energy. I was eager to see where the next orgasm would take her, and I was patient enough to wait for the results. I picked the laptop back up from her body, placing it onto my lap as the small amount of words re-entered my vision.

"Hmm, I guess I should start with my school qualifications?" I asked myself, before typing on the keyboard.

Emily groaned, gritting her teeth, preparing herself for the long duration she would have to endure.

\*\*\*

I looked up from the screen, my brain exhausted from looking at the words. Only a few minutes had passed since I left the two blonde women at it, but I could hear the wonderful feeling hit my sister once again, this time far more intense than she was used to. The usual yelp she gave out when the orgasm hit her became more of a grunt, her teeth bit down on her bottom lip as the sensation was as pleasurable as it was discomfort.

I disengaged from the technology in front of me and brought my full attention to the two women. I noticed how small beads of sweat began to travel down my sister's chest, streaming down her breasts. I noticed how her pale, white skin had transformed into a bright red around her face. I noticed how she didn't even attempt to lift Becky off her this time, as the second round of orgasms probably made her even weaker than before.

Finally, Becky took her mouth away from my sister's sex. The now exhausted tongue returned to her smiling mouth before she turned over and rested up next to me. Becky had the look of accomplishment on her face, knowing she had brought my sister to that level of pleasure using just her tongue, not noticing the collection of saliva and juices that had coated her chin.

"Come here," I said to Becky, wiping away the strange liquid with my hand before wrapping my arms around her.

The younger woman accepted my hug, resting with her back against my stomach, which caused me to spoon against her thinner form. Becky had a certain glow about her, it seemed that this event was more than just teasing my sister and pushing her limits, the fact she caused her to orgasm from just her tongue was an achievement.

"…mean…" Emily groaned, finally gaining some strength back in her legs, enough for her to pull herself up and rest her back against the bed's headboard.

"What was that?" I asked.

"Mean… you two, very mean."

It seemed that whilst she had some strength returned to her body, her brain was still in the clouds and unable to make proper speech.

"Well, if you want… Becky can continue? I'm sure she wouldn't mind?"

Becky nodded, however Emily immediately brought her arms out, literally keeping us both an arms-length away from her, "No! No, no, no! You're good."

I began petting the smaller woman in front of me, ruffling my hands through her hair as if she was a prized pet of mine. Emily began to focus more on the world around her, bringing her brain out of the orgasmic state and back to reality. She picked up the laptop, brought it in front of her and began to look over the document.

"What do you think?"

"It's good, just needs some more work. I'm happy to write the rest for you."

"What would you like me to do?"

"Anything you want. I would ask Becky to do the same to you, but we both know that's impossible right now."

Emily grinned, acknowledging the soft insult she just threw at me. It was good, little did I know that my mouth flew open as she said this, hinting at the metal around my waist that prevented any stimulation. Becky shifted, turning around on the spot to stare at me in the eyes.

"What does she mean?" She questioned me in an innocent tone.

I stuttered, "I… I'm wearing a belt… It's stupid. It'll be off by the end of the week though."

"A belt?"

Becky looked down, her fingertips brushed against the top of my leggings before her hands pulled the fabric away from my skin. The sight of the chastity belt was on full show for her, the way the metal dug into my hip, the small plate that was just wide enough to cover my sex. Despite seeing me in a chastity belt before, this still came as a surprise for the younger woman.

"Oh…" Was the only word that escaped her mouth.

She loosened her grip on me, which allowed the fabric to spring back against my stomach and once again hid the shameful device away from view.

"It's okay, as I said… I don't have long in it."

"Does Emily have the key?" She asked, her innocent tone remaining.

"No."

"Tanya?"

"No…"

"Who has the key then?"

"It's…" I felt blood rush to my cheeks, "This is embarrassing to admit, but Jane has it."

"Emily's mother?"

"Yeah."

"Oh…" She repeated the same word as before, but somehow it felt so different, "That must be frustrating."

She pushed herself further into me, as if she was trying to soothe me with her body and make me forget about the situation I found myself in. The question was, would I have joined the two women if I wasn't locked? I would have jumped in without hesitation, to join Becky in teasing Emily orally; perhaps but touching other parts of her frame with my tongue. Or… perhaps I could have pleased Becky instead, making a line of pleasure between my sister and I.

I could have easily jumped in whilst in this state as it wasn't my tongue that was locked up. However, I knew it would have led to me wanting more. To go further than to use my tongue for my sister's or friend's pleasure, I would have wanted some form of pleasure myself. That was the problem I faced, joining in would have added to my arousal and the need for release…a need that was impossible to touch whilst in this state.

I let out a sigh, something Becky immediately noticed.

"Aren't there other ways you can… y'know?" The young woman next to me asked.

My sighing continued, "I don't think I could achieve an orgasm any other way, as much as we could try."

"Anal." That was the one word my sister contributed.

I stared blankly at my sister, her naked form was illuminated by the bright laptop screen, yet she did not once take her eyes off the words in front of her. The way she said the word 'anal' was so plain, so dry, as if it was the solution to my problem; yet I was unable to see it. Even Becky scooted in place, turning herself around to my sister, as if she didn't believe what she heard come from her mouth.

"I'm sorry?" I questioned the woman, still shocked by her response.

She finally took her eyes away from the device in front of her and looked between me and the naked girl I had in my arms, "You could always try anal? It's not for everyone, but there are women who have orgasmed that way. It's also the only part down there you have access to."

She was saying these sentences as if it was normal, the same softly spoken tone she would use when talking to me about the most mundane subjects. This was a big step, it was true that the belt had a large hole for access to the butt, but it was never something I was interested in. In fact, it was probably something that scared me to try. Becky was the one who was keen to try anything like that, even when we first went to Tanya's shop, it was a buttplug that took her interest more than anything else for sale.

A soft smile stretched across her face, "It's really not that bad. I must admit, I haven't orgasmed from it before, but it is something that is possible."

"Em…"

"It will also be a release. Do you think you can handle the rest of the week without anything like that? Especially with Becky spending more time with us?"

The young woman in my arms turned her head towards me, poking out her short, pink tongue at me like some kind of tease. The same tongue that had brought my sister to pleasure twice earlier.

"Oh… I don't know."

"Plus, you can also make a game out of it, like we used to do. To make it more fun."

"It just sounds painful."

"It can be. But as long as you take the right precautions, you'll be fine."

I looked between the two women once again, feeling unsure on where the rest of the day was going to take us. I did not relish the idea of trying anal, however Emily was right, I was struggling to contain my sexuality, especially with the arrival of Becky in our lives. It was almost a daily occurrence that we would find the younger woman in our bed. I let out one final sigh, admitting a small defeat and accepting my sister's invitation.

"Okay… so what kind of game do you have in mind?"

A giant grin stretched across her, showing both rows of white teeth, "I have just the thing. Something that would be entertaining for you two and will give me enough time to finish Sam's CV off."

"I'm included?" Becky questioned, her voice still so innocent, despite the topic of conversation.

"Yeah, Beck. You'll enjoy it too. It's lucky we have the whole house to ourselves, it will make this game even more fun."

Emily's tone was enough to make me nervous. She threw the laptop onto the bed and walked to the other side of the room. Asking me to undress myself as she did this. I jumped up along with Becky, who almost instantly turned around and began undressing me, feeling as if both blonde girls were in on this. Emily rummaged through the dresser, picking up a long, white shirt which travelled down her body and covered up her naked form, only allowing her still erect nipples to push through the thin layer of fabric.

The now-dressed girl went to her bed, bringing out the box underneath and placing it on the cold, unused mattress. It was the same box we had used many times before, and perhaps one of the reasons we were in a relationship to begin with.

When I first moved here, the box was probably half empty. With the latex, bitchsuit taking up most of the space and the rest being small, typical items like gags, blindfolds and other trinkets. Since we began dating and since we started going to Tanya's, the box has steadily become more full, with items now almost spilling out of the top. Emily put her hand in and searched for multiple items, placing what items she wanted to use on the bed beside the container. The first item I noticed was PVC tape, similar to duct tape, but it only sticks to itself and is safer for placing on a human body. Soon after were two 'paws', leather mitts that locked your human hands inside and forced them to act more like animal paws, the wearer would be unable to use their fingers at all.

By this time, I was almost completely naked. I was scanning the items to such an extent that it didn't register how far along Becky was with my undressing. My shirt, bra and leggings stretched across the bed behind us and left me only in the damned belt and a pair of white socks.

"I'm going to leave them on" Becky confirmed, smiling at the items on my feet, "They are cute."

I gave the shorter girl a false smile before staring back at the supplies my sister was taking out. A bit gag joined the collection, along with the buttplug tail Becky had purchased when we first met Tanya.

"Is that what you are going to use on me?" I queried, "I don't think wearing that would be enough to get me to orgasm."

"No this one is for Becky… that's if she is interested in trying it out?" My sister pulled the item up by the fake fur, allowing the metal plug to sway back and forth; shining in the dull light.

"I'm not sure Becky is-"

"I'll give it a go" The younger woman next to me interrupted, "When in Rome…"

"Great!" My sister sounded so pleased to hear that.

Becky turned to me, "Did you know the full saying is, 'When in Rome, do as Romans do?"

I wasn't focusing on what she was saying next. I could feel my heart beating against my chest as Becky took out item after item, talking quietly to herself as she analysed each product we had purchased over the time we've been together and seeing if it was suitable for the idea she had in mind. A pair of handcuffs joined the products on the outside of the box, along with a smaller box; advertising a product I was completely unaware we had.

"What's that?" I stepped forward.

My sister looked up at me and then to the box she had just placed down. It was about eight inches tall and the outside looked rather bland, apart from a purple, long product that seemed rather familiar. Emily looked the box over a few times, it was still unopened as the tape that sealed the box was unbroken. That's when I realised why the product looked familiar, it was an item Tanya sold at her store, an item I had stocked up numerous times and not even looked at it more than an item that customers might be willing to buy. It was never an item I would expect to see in our box, especially in the hands of my, rather timid sister.

"It's a strap on." She stated it with such honesty.

"Why did you get that?"

"I thought it might be something I would like to try someday, little did I know you would be the one to try it out first."

"Em!"

"Sam. Just trust me."

Becky jumped in, "What's your plan with the strap-thingy?"

"Well… If Becky wears this and has sex with you, in theory it should be a good size to bring you to an orgasm."

"In theory?!" I was gobsmacked, "You expect Becky to wear that thing? I still can't believe I am seeing it in your hands."

"It's very realistic, looks like an actual penis… look."

"Emily, no!"

My sister didn't hesitate to break the box open and take out the large, purple item inside. Allowing the cardboard and strap inside to fall onto the bed underneath her. She held up the dildo as if it was a trophy, showing off the purple, semi-realistic penis within her thin fingers. Veins travelled from the head, all the way down to the base, which opened up into a large circle with what looked like a bullet vibrator behind it. The bullet had a small cable that connected to a small box, what must have been some kind of remote.

"See, it's not that bad." Emily's smile was so genuine and somehow so innocent at the same time.

I burst out laughing, doubling over at the sight of my sister holding the phallic device with such a pleased look on her face.

Her smile dropped, "What? What did I do?"

"Em…" I said between breaths, "Don't you realise what you're doing?"

"No…"

Even Becky seemed unaware of the sight that was right in front of her, despite my constant giggles, her posture never wavered and she stayed in the exact same spot.

"Em! You're holding a penis!"

"Yeah… but it's not like a real penis… or anything."

"Have you ever held a dildo before? Or even seen one in person?"

"Well… no…"

"Emily…"

I doubled over again. It was hilarious to see the confidence on her face, knowing that she knew exactly what she wanted to do, yet was completely unaware how silly she looked holding a penis for the first time. During my hysteric fit, Emily gently placed the penis the bed, along with the other items she had selected. Only one item was left to come out, I heard the tap as it sat on top of the other products, bringing my attention back to the bed. A relatively large bottle of lube sat almost victorious over the other items, reminding me of what was going to come.

"Oh…" I mumbled, breaking my laughing fit almost immediately.

\*\*\*

Regret set in almost instantly. Becky held me in place, on the same bed she was orally pleasing my sister just moments before, but I had to rest on my hands and knees like a pet; a position I had become almost used to.

The first item to be used was the PVC tape. Whilst Becky stood in place, still completely naked, my sister brought my ankles up to the top of my thighs and began running the tape between the top and bottom of the same limb. The tape went around it about five or six times before Emily finally cut it off, leaving that one leg before she moved around to the other side of the bed to process the other. This gave me a small amount of time to feel how tight the tape was and what kind of position it left me in. A few shakes confirmed that my ankle wasn't going to come free anytime soon, which will force me to move on my knees.

By the time I finished understanding the limitations of that leg, she had already finished up the exact same process of my other leg and moved closer towards my arm. Both of my bottom limbs were now half useless, which told me Emily was planning on putting me in an exposing situation.

"Hold her up," Emily commanded the young woman.

I felt Becky hold against my upper body, Emily grabbed my wrist and brought my hand up, laying my palm against my shoulder before she began strapping it in the exact same way my legs were locked. I swear she brought the tape around a few more times, around ten times in total before cutting the tape away from the rest.

"Is all this really necessary?" I asked, giving my arm some movement and realising I didn't have the strength to pull my wrist away from my shoulder.

 Becky answered me with a large amount of glee, "Trust me, this will make the whole process much more fun."

Before I knew it the other arm was completed and all four of my limbs were strapped to each other. It was a position we've tried before with the first suit, but I forgot how restrictive this kind of bondage could have been. I pulled against both my arms and my legs, there was no chance the bondage tape was going to move, unless cut off by someone else. I wondered what Emily had in mind, I offered zero resistance in this state, meaning that anyone could do whatever they wanted to me and I couldn't stop them. Was this supposed to help me have my orgasm?

I looked up, almost helplessly towards the two women above me. Becky looked at me with a certain amount of awe, unsure on whether she wished she was in my place, or if she somewhat enjoyed looking down at my restrained form.

Emily approached me once more, this time holding the bit gag in her hand. She asked me to open my mouth, which I did without question before I felt the faux leather between my teeth and the strap tighten behind my head. Now I was in an even more vulnerable state. Without the use of my words, I was unable to tell my sister or Becky if I wanted to get out, or if I needed something to change. I just had to hope that within the year of Emily and I playing these kinds of games, she would understand when something was going too far for me.

"There, all done" Emily smiled brightly, backing away as if to give me some kind of inspection.

Becky looked me over too, "Is she comfortable like that? Seems a bit much to me."

"Nah, we've done this position before. It's tight but a lot of fun. Now it's your turn."

"Me?"

"Yeah. Get on the bed."

Even Becky seemed surprised she was getting a similar treatment to myself. Emily held her hand and guided her to her own bed, the one piece of furniture that was left unused throughout my entire time in this house. The naked girl knelt down on the soft mattress and took up the familiar, pet position, bowing her head downwards as her hands and her knees pushed against the soft material underneath her.

To my surprise, the first item Emily placed on the girl's body was a collar. It was the typical dog collar we had been using time and time before, much more lenient than the steel one that graced my sister's neck. Becky took the collar without hesitation, placing her head downwards in a way that allowed Emily full access, within seconds she was buckling up the leather item; as tight as it would go.

As Becky brought her neck back up, a quiet chime could be heard from her direction. I pulled my head towards her, noticing the cowbell-like item that was resting on the front of the collar.

Emily seemed somewhat pleased with herself, "Trust me, it would add to the scenario."

Both Becky and I accepted this new item, not understanding what role it would take in the upcoming scenario, but trusting my sister's word that it would help.

My sister then travelled around Becky's thin form, just like with me; she started with the legs. Taking out the same PVC tape, she tied Becky's ankle to the top of her thigh, placing the tape around her limb roughly seven times before cutting it from the rest of the roll, then she travelled to the other side and did the same to her other leg. I could see several emotions travel through Becky's mind, realising this was the first time she had been restricted this much. It was an odd feeling, but one that added to the sense of helplessness as a submissive.

Emily stepped back from the younger woman, but didn't stop by her hands. Instead, my sister threw the PVC tape back into the box and grabbed the two leather mittens that were resting by Becky's head. With a little help, Emily helped guide her small hands within the restraint before closing the strap around her wrist, sealing her hand within the item. This was a sensation the younger woman was more familiar with, as the petsuit she had worn had something similar installed into it.

My sister did the same with the other hand, carefully placing the mitten on and locking the poor creature into the restrictive restraint.

Next was the buttplug. This was the first and only item that Emily presented to her before it was connected to her body. My sister placed the metallic part close to Becky's eyes, forcing her to focus on the shiny material.

"Are you sure you want to try this?" Emily asked, pulling the item closer.

"I'm… I'm sure, "she answered with a nod.

"Good."

Emily picked up the lube bottle and squirted out a dollop of clean, see-through liquid. It oozed onto the small plug, proudly sitting on top of the item before Emily's fingers massaged it further onto its metal body. I could see the kneeling girl becoming more nervous as Emily walked around her once more, she braced herself, clenching up her entire body whilst my sister explored a part of her that hadn't been touched before. Becky gritted her teeth for a second before calming down almost instantly.

"Oh… that wasn't too bad" The younger woman stated in a cheery tone.

Emily patted the girl on the back, "See? It's not a horrible experience, now you have a cute tail to wag around."

My sister walked around the woman again, as she moved her butt backwards and forwards, forcing the fluffy tail to shift around accordingly. She seemed to get some kind of entertainment from feeling the fake fur brush against her bare skin.

"Okay, let me get Sam ready before we attach the last bit, okay?"

"Okie doke."

The two girls spoke as if I wasn't in the room. Emily took her attention to me, this time the lube was back in her hand, placing the clear liquid onto the index and middle finger. Before I had the chance to acknowledge what was happening, she was already behind me, her fingers caressed my butt, teasing that area by forming little circles. I tensed up, yelping quietly into the gag between my teeth, it wasn't a painful experience in the slightest; but I was unsure on what to feel or to expect.

The first shock came almost instantly. Her index finger stopped its regular movement and pushed against the hole, using the already lubricated liquid to help ease her digit in. My back arched and an involuntary noise escaped from my mouth. Still, it wasn't painful… just a surprise. Emily took her finger out, squirted more lube onto her hand and repeated the process. This happened a few more times, at the point where I no longer felt the discomfort of her inside me, however the amount of lube placed in that region caused me a little concern.

"Okay, that should be enough" She said, calmly, "I'm going to let you off the bed now."

She placed the bottle back onto her bed, then came back for me, lifting my bound arms upwards and forcing me to walk on my knees. Using this technique, it allowed me to walk off the mattress and land on the floor with Emily using all her strength to keep me up. I felt a small sense of relief once I felt the carpet underneath me, it told me the exploring of my body and that I had no more items to be locked onto my body. That part was over.

"So the game you two will be playing is called 'Cat and Mouse" she started, "Sam is the mouse, I'm going to give her a small head start and give her time to run around and maybe even hide. Becky, when I am done with you, you'll be the cat. I'll let you run after Sam and try and catch her. I'm going to be busy writing the rest of Sam's CV, so I guess the game will finish when it's completed."

"Oooh, sounds fun" Becky smiled.

"It will be, you'll have the strap on attached to your waist, so when you catch Sam, you'll have to try and put it inside her and then what comes next is up to you" Emily grabbed the purple dildo and presented it once again, "This thing vibrates, I'll turn it on before you go. It will feel really good when you thrust as the bullet will be close to your… y'know area."

Once again, Emily was showing the younger woman this item, acting as if I wasn't in the room. Becky took her time looking over the foreign object, seeing where the bullet would pleasure her. Emily even went as far as to turn the dildo on for a brief moment, showing how good it will feel in the moment.

Afterwards, Emily brought up the box the dildo came in and took out the strap that would connect the item to Becky's body. I felt my heart race, realising exactly what Emily had in mind. This was the price I had to pay for Emily to write my CV for me, was it worth it?

"Okay. On the count of five, Sam, you can run and try and hide. You'll have until Becky is prepared to try and get away, once she is ready I will let her loose… okay?"

I looked at her with wide eyes. Unsure on whether I was trying to plead with her mentally, or if I just had trouble accepting the game she had in store for us. However, I nodded… slowly.

She shot me a genuine smile, potentially realising the idea she had in her head was finally coming true, "Good. Okay… one… two…"

I watched Emily as she attached the purple dildo onto the leather strap, completely unaware that she had already begun counting down. It wasn't until she said 'four' that I realised what she was doing. She pulled the strap over Becky's bound leg, bringing the fake phallic object towards her middle; where a real one would have been.

"…Five."

My eyes shot open. This was it, I had to get away before Becky was completely ready and became the pursuer. I put all my strength into my arms and legs, willing them to move faster than I could actually move. My knees and elbows scraped against the carpet beneath me, trying to maneuver in unison, but this only caused me to fall to the ground. My bare body fell first, my breasts acting as a cushion before my chin followed, causing a grunt to be forced out from behind the gag.

I had no time to acknowledge what I did, I had no time to waste lying around on the bedroom floor. Emily noticed my fall, but I was already bringing myself back to my elbows and knees by the time she would have had the chance to ask if I was okay. Luckily, I felt no pain from my pitiful fall, only that of embarrassment.

This time I focused more on my movement, rather than that of speed and strength. Sadly, this caused me to move much slower than I had anticipated, making sure at least one elbow and one knee was on the floor at one time. A collection of grunts continued to leave my mouth, with my teeth gritted into the faux leather and each 'step' taking more energy than I had remembered from my time in that suit. By the time I had reached the hallway, I was far more exhausted than I anticipated. The sounds of Becky being harnessed into the strap-on was far behind me, but the threat was looming over me. I had no idea how long I had until Emily unleashed her hound on me, but I couldn't stop.

Becky was going to win, there was no doubt about that. It did not matter how far I crawled and it didn't matter how long I outran the younger woman, she was in a much better position than I was and it was far easier for her to get me, then for me to keep outrunning her until Emily was finished with the work. The very thought of her coming after me was causing my heart to race, probably making me even more nervous than the realisation that I was going to try anal for the first time, and by Becky of all people.

I pushed on, forcing my arms and legs to work in a rhythm. The living room was my first stop, luckily I had left the door wide open before walking in on the two girls earlier. Glancing around the large room, I came to realise how many memories we had here. My eyes glanced over to the sofa, recalling the first time Emily tried on the now-ruined suit, both of us fell asleep whilst embracing each other. Emily was lying on the same sofa when I told her I wouldn't fight against our relationship anymore. I recalled being naked, only wearing a towel. I threw the towel onto my sister before exiting the room, only for her to join me in the shower minutes later.

I wondered… If the Sam back then could see the present day Sam, crawling through the same room a year later, her hands and legs bound together before being chased and potentially fucked by someone who wasn't Emily. What would those past Samantha's say? Would they have been okay with our new, modern relationship? Or would it be something far out of their comfort zone?

"Okay, Becky!" I heard my sister's voice echo from down the hallway, "On the count of five, you can give chase to Sam!"

My eyes shot open. I was focusing too much on the past that I momentarily forgot what was happening in the present. Taking quick glances around the room, it would have been impossible to find a place to hide here, the sofas were far too low to the ground to hide under, and the rest of the room was wide open. I willed my limbs to push forward. Whilst the living room gave me no place to hide, the only other option would have been the dining room. It was on the other side of the house to the bedrooms and hiding under the table would have given me more breathing room to figure out where to go next.

I left the memories behind me, just in time to hear my sister yell out 'FIVE!' with a large amount of glee in her voice. It was impossible to tell if I was out of earshot to hear her say the first four numbers, or if my sister just skipped those and went straight for the last one; something that I wouldn't put past her. Still, just hearing that word was enough to send my brain into a panic, I dived under the table, pushing away the wooden chairs enough to squeeze my body through. Unfortunately, this caused a lot of noise and gave away my position almost immediately.

I stopped all movement and glanced around using only my eyes. I was too terrified to turn around in case I caused any more disturbances. The sound of my heartbeat rang in my ears, drumming away as if it was a countdown until my organised demise.

"Do you hear that Becky?" My sister's voice taunted me, "I think she's in the dining room!"

My entire body went numb, my hope of outrunning the creature fell to the floor. There was nowhere else to go, there was the kitchen… but there were zero places to hide. There was the bedroom, but what were the chances I would manage to get there before Becky spotted me. Even so, getting out from under the table would have made even more sound, signaling my escape from my pursuer.

Then it came. The heartbeat in my ears slowly faded away as another sound filled the air, that was one of a bell… the bell that was around Becky's neck. That was why Emily put the collar on her, to constantly remind me where she was, to taunt me with every movement she made, whether that be from her coming towards me from a distance… or right behind me when she was chasing me.

Closer and closer the bell came. Down the hallway and across the living room, coming towards me at a far quicker pace than how quickly I moved between the rooms.

\*Pat, pat, pat, pat\*

The sound of Becky's paws tapping against the ground, easily moving her body forwards where I struggled just seconds before. I had already lost and the game had only just begun.

Then her form came into view. Crawling past the open doorframe as the predator entered the same room I was in. Her restricted frame was exactly how I remembered it, the collar locked tightly against her thin neck, her legs restrained in the exact same way mine was, but her arms were free; with only her hands placed into the locked mittens. However, there was the addition, the one item Emily had added that I yet to see on the creature's frame.

The purple dildo hung between her legs, sitting proudly in comparison to this strange scenario we found ourselves in. The way the phallic object swung around with each step caused me to let out an unintentional chuckle; muffled by the leather between my teeth. Becky brought her eyes towards me, locking onto my position the second that noise came out of my mouth, not that she didn't know where I was before entering the room.

I wanted to laugh, the very image of Becky with a long, purple penis was enough to send me into hysterics. However, the open intention of what the creature had in store for it was enough to stop me from completely losing it. Lube covered the object entirely, what must have been several layers of the clear liquid coated it. That, along with the large amount of lube in my butt told me how easy it would be for Becky to enter me if she caught me… when she caught me. The lube rumbled lightly along the shaft, almost like it was dancing to the tune of the vibrating motor the fake penis had installed. Upon slower inspection, I noticed the box that controlled the power to the object was tucked away within the straps along Becky's waist. She smiled. It was a calming smile that the young woman wore often, something that had brought me comfort so many times before was now somewhat unnerving.

Then the lunge. She jumped into the chairs, trying to squeeze her already thin form through a smaller gap. I yelped. Jumping out from my hiding place, I used the time Becky was stuck to launch myself into the kitchen. Luckily, both doors to the kitchen swung open both ways, meaning I just needed to push my bound form against it to move into the large room. This time, the calculated movements that got me to the dining room table had completely left my brain, removed with the blind panic I had when I started this game. My arms and legs swung back and forth, this time it didn't cause me to fall to the floor, but the amount my limbs were moving did not translate well into how far I travelled.

I moved around at a snail's pace whilst my limbs spun in a blurred movement.

Somehow, I managed to get to the other door before I heard Becky come in the same way I did. The bell rang maliciously behind me with each step, urging me to travel faster. I pushed my head against the other kitchen door, allowing me back into the hallway I crawled down before, but I couldn't stop, I willed my limbs to push me further, just a while longer before I accepted my fate.

Only one door was open in the hallway. The bedroom I shared with Emily, diving into what was usually a comfortable area was somewhat poetic, that I would find momentary safety in the room where this whole thing started. Emily was no longer here, it was likely she had moved to the living room, following my pursuer closely before the chase had fully begun.

That damn bell! I only had a few seconds of silence before I heard it approach, calling out to me. I had no choice but to run to the other side of the room, towards the bed that was never used. However, there was nowhere to go, with the only places to hide being under the beds, which would have been the first two places the predator would have checked.

Although, even that was no longer an option for me. Before I even made it towards the end of the room, Becky's shadow from the hallway light loomed over me, telling me that she had me in her sights. Even if I did try and hide, she would see exactly where I would go.

My eyes darted towards the open door, catching the stare of the stalking creature. Becky… She still had that smile on her face, the same one that should have brought me so much comfort, but in this situation, it was relatively frightening.

"This is fun," she said, taking long breaths before and after the sentence.

The younger woman was getting tired. It seemed that even with access to her full arms, dragging around her almost useless legs was still an exhausting act, although it was nothing compared to how tired my body was, both my arms and legs were screaming at me to stop, to surrender to her needs and take the full length of the dildo. Upon closer inspection, I noticed her hips rocking back and forth in a soft motion. With her movement stopped, only the sound of the bullet vibrating filled the air, along with our heavy breathing.

Becky wanted this. The vibrator on her clit was only teasing her so far, when that dildo enters me, it will push further into her and bring her the pleasure she was craving. No matter what she did now, the bullet wouldn't get close enough for her to fully enjoy. She wasn't just after me because my sister told her to, she now had a solid reason to pin me down and enter me.

She lunged again, sprinting across the room like a cat on heat. This swift action caused me to panic and jump for the bed… the only safe space I had. I ducked my head as low as I could and brought my arms down before trying to squeeze my legs through, but… but… but…

Oh, no!

I was stuck.

My torso was under the safety of the bedframe, but I was unable to condense my legs any lower to bring the rest of my body through. My butt was left stuck in the air, shaking left to right as I tried everything to maneuver myself underneath, almost as if I was teasing the girl. In the blind panic I looked out, only to see a blur of Becky move around the bedframe and towards my behind.

No! No! No! Not like this!

I felt Becky's weight rest on the mattress above me, I felt the warmth of her legs pressed against mine and I felt the sticky liquid of the lube brush against my thigh as the first attempt to get the dildo inside me failed. My elbows scraped against the carpet, all my attempts to get free from the woman seemed to be in vain, not helping was her body weight against mine, forcing my legs into the wooden frame of the bed.

The entire bed shook rapidly, each slight knock was one of Becky's attempts to enter me. With the restraints Emily attached to the poor girl, it was impossible for her to use her hands to guide the dildo to its destination. All that Becky could do was to keep thrusting and hope one time it enters where it's supposed to go, like an overly-excited dog.

"Oh… please!" I heard her call out to the empty room, damning the phallic object for not hitting its mark.

Then it happened. The one thrust that hit the spot. My eyes widened and another gasp left my mouth, muffled by the gag locked around my head. Becky realised she was at the right spot as the thrust hit resistance almost immediately, but I had no chance to hold the purple object back, the many layers of lube on both ends made that act almost impossible. At first I felt the tip force myself to open, a slight shock and a small pinch was all I felt at first.

The girl behind me moaned, the bullet finally pushed up against her sex, making the chase finally worth it.

I was unsure of how I felt at first. Emily always told me of the small amount of pain she always felt when trying buttplugs before, but after that initial hit; the rest was a lovely experience. The pain came and went, along with the shock of having the object inside me, something I never thought I would ever have felt.

But I didn't want to lose the game in this position. I knew I wasn't ever going to win this, it was designed by my sister for me to fail. I didn't want to feel the humiliation of being trapped under the bed whilst being taken advantage of, it was too cliché and felt incorrect.

I needed to fight. I needed to continue.

If I was going to lose, I would go out my way.

Becky let out another moan, telling me her entire focus was on her sex and not on what was happening in front of her. I gritted my teeth, making sure the leather was tight against them before pushing my butt backwards against the creature.

For a second, this meant the dildo travelled further into me, causing a slight shock. This was for a second, as the force of my butt hitting her hips was enough to knock the poor girl off balance. I could hear her paws scraping against the mattress, trying to get some traction before she fell backwards onto the soft ground.

I refused to acknowledge the light 'pop' sound when the dildo fell out of my butt.

My body dived further under the bed, this time compressing my legs enough to allow me to crawl through. Afterwards, I dived under my bed and did the exact same before crawling out of the room.

Becky took a short while to get back up, but the warning bell began to track me. I was already halfway down the hallway before I heard the familiar chime ring in my ears. She had managed to get herself back up and was hunting me down like the prey that I was.

I couldn't stop. I ignored my arms and legs screaming at me to slow down, to take a momentary break for them to heal and continue. I had to not listen to them, I had to press on. With the sound of the bell coming towards me, I crawled as fast as I could into the next room, the familiar sight of the living room came into view, only this time was the figure of my sister taking a seat on the sofa, the laptop I had given her a few minutes ago was in her hands.

Emily. The one who caused all of this was acting as if nothing had changed, as if two of the closest people in her life weren't in a race in that second. I watched as her eyes scanned what was already written on the digital document in front of her, eyeing up all my information that both her and myself had already written. Then she looked down at me, at the pathetic, feeble form I took with my bound limbs and gave me a soft smile.

"Sam… I've only just started. I still have more work to do, I would keep running if I were you" She chuckled before bringing her attention back to the device on her lap.

It was a similar tone as if she was talking to an actual pet, as if her sister and the love of her life wasn't looking up at her with pleading eyes, hoping by some chance that she had finished the assignment I gave her, or at least close to stopping the game Becky and I found ourselves trapped in.

That bell rang closer and closer. Before I knew it, the familiar form of my chaser came into view, the young woman galloped past the doorframe and into the same room my sister and I occupied. My body yelled at me to stop, begging for the chance to rest. I had to ignore it, I pushed myself further, the only chance I had was to run into the dining room once more and circle around the kitchen like we had done just minutes ago.

But there was no point… I had already lost the game… Becky was on me before I even had the chance to think of where to go next…

By the time I began to move towards my destination, I felt the full force of the girl climb on top of me. Her paws came into sight, on both sides of my head she rested her bound hands on the soft carpet below her, her knees were once again pushed against my legs, opening them up enough for her to enter me. In the space of a second she had found her balance and brought up both of her paws and placed them on my body. I felt the pressure on my back, just between my shoulders, enough strength to fight against my bound hands.

I gave in, my elbows slid and the top of my body hit the ground. My cheek was pressed up against the carpet and my butt was kept up in the air. It was the perfect position for Becky to take me in. This time, there were no false attempts to enter me, one swift motion was enough for the dildo to find the spot and enter.

I gritted my teeth against my gag once again, expecting the sting just like last time, but it was a pain that never came. I felt myself opening up and the foreign object began to explore me, whilst there was a small amount of discomfort, I would have never called it uncomfortable.

Becky's moans filled the air, cooing lightly as a buzzing device pushed up against her again. I could feel her paws shaking as she struggled to maintain her weight and focus on the pleasure at the same time, yet she never fell. The dildo was moved back and forth, pushing slightly deeper with each thrust, something I never thought I would welcome.

My eyes stayed open, unsure of the sensations I was feeling and unable to comprehend the fact that this was actually happening to me, and the fact it was Becky that was the one doing it. The moans got louder, with each thrust the bullet hit its mark and pushed harder against her clit. It wasn't going to take long for the device to bring Becky overboard, but was it enough for me to feel something in return?

Becky's mittens scratched at my back as she tried to maintain her balance on me. Occasionally, I felt the brush of fur from her buttplug against my leg, letting me know how hard she was trying to please me. In and out…

In and out…

In and out…

It was an odd sensation. It felt like being invaded, as if the foreign object shouldn't have been in that area. Yet… it also felt right. Becky's moans were telling me this was a sensual, sexual moment for us both, yet I wouldn't call it as personal as the sex Emily and I were used to. It was different, for better or worse, I did not know.

But that was when I noticed something. Quiet moans left my gag, at first I thought it was due to my breaths leaving me with each thrust Becky gave, but there was something more than just that. The small moans were filled with a form of pleasure, similar to how Emily sounded when Becky was orally pleasuring her earlier. It was so quiet, yet I could detect them.

I was actually enjoying this. Not only was I moaning lightly, but I also felt my body rocking with each movement, as if expecting and wanting the dildo each time it retracted from that area.

This was so weird…

I turned my head to my sister, her attention had fallen away from the computer screen in front of her. Instead, the sight of Becky fucking me from behind was too much to look away from, she was staring directly at us with the largest smile on her face, her head was resting on her hand, her elbow placed on her crossed knee. She had a front row view of this entire scene and she was savouring every second of it. I could have sworn her smile widened once she noticed my glance towards her. But then, there was no reason not to smile, this entire moment was entirely her plan, neither Becky or I did anything to influence this.

Becky's moans grew louder and longer. Her motions were getting the better of her, the bullet was doing its job and she was coming to an orgasm much faster than she had anticipated, but she didn't have the strength to slow down. Her movement quickened, faster and faster to the point I had to grab my shoulder with my bound hand tight, along with the grip I had on the gag in my mouth.

"Oh! Oh…!; Ahhhh!" She groaned, the loudest noise I ever heard the girl make.

Her paws tapped at my back as the orgasm hit her, seemingly much more powerful than any other orgasm she had experienced before. I could feel her body tremble against mine and the strength in her arms began to fade; just like with Emily earlier. She spasmed, over and over until all pleasure left her body. For a good half a minute she was thrusting without thought against me, her mind far, far away from her body as the sensation took over completely.

Then she fell. It was a slow movement, but still something that took me off guard. First was her hands, they moved away from their position, falling down past my head before the mittens touched the floor, spilling over the carpet. Then it was her body, her chest fell onto my back, I could even feel her erect nipples poking me, her entire body fell onto me slowly like butter melting on hot toast. A quiet hum escaped her lips, echoing into my ears as all the space between me and her disappeared and her entire weight was placed against me. This also meant the dildo explored me further, much further than it did before.

A moan escaped my lips. The motion of the foreign object going inside me was as slow as Becky collapsing on me, filling me up almost completely. The vibration was still going, now pressing deep inside me, it was an odd sensation, but one that I had to get used to as Becky lacked the power to move at that time, and with the bullet still vibrating against her, I doubt she would gain the power anytime soon.

I was stuck… we were stuck.

Emily did nothing to help, even if I called out for her to get the collapsed girl off me; she probably would have continued to watch, smiling just the way she was at that moment, taking great delight in seeing me stuck under the full weight of our close friend.

I let out a light groan. At first I thought it was due to the embarrassing and humiliating situation I had found myself in, but another groan soon followed, realising it was completely unintentional; as if my body was telling me something my brain hadn't realised yet. That was when I noticed the heat in my cheeks, was I blushing? No, why would I be doing that? It must have been something else… Was it the sensation I was feeling down below?

I actually had to think, to try and turn my brain off all external senses and only focus on myself internally. The vibrations were hitting me more than I thought, the dildo was so deep, shaking left to right at such a fast frequency and hitting me in a spot that had never been touched before in all my life. It was… It was…

I let out an even louder moan, completely involuntary. My eyes shot open, completely surprised that that noise came out of me without me even realising it. Emily jumped slightly from the sudden sound, before somehow smiling wider than before. Becky was far too gone to realise where she was, let alone understand what was going on in the real world. My widened eyes only lasted for a few seconds, several faster groans managed to escape from behind the gag before I started to lose my sense of reality. My eyes fluttered upwards before they rolled to the back of my head, the sensation I was feeling was so strong and so strange at the same time. The vibrating deep inside me was hitting a certain spot that… that… that…

'Oh fuck!' I thought to myself. I struggled to even concentrate anymore. Somehow that one object vibrating was doing more for me then all the thrusts Becky managed. It was hitting the same spot I would feel with normal orgasms, but it was more of a tickling sensation; as if it was only gently touching the part I needed to cum, teasing it until I was screaming for something more. However, more was coming. With a normal orgasm I only felt it in one place, like a ball of light that was building in that one specific spot, growing bigger and bigger until it shrinks into a brighter ball and implodes into an orgasm. The sensation I was feeling at that moment was everyone, like my entire body was enveloped in the usual glow, scattering over all my bound limbs and digging into my frame like long-twisted fingers.

I…I… I couldn't focus… anymore…

It was all too much, it was everywhere. Every single one of my senses were going into overdrive. The vibrating inside me felt like it was shooting electric bolts all around my body, traveling over my skin and zapping back inside. The only noise I could hear was Becky's soft moans directly in my ear as she was experiencing a similar sort of pleasure. My eyes shut completely, trying to block out any unnecessary senses to focus on the only ones important at that time.

The feeling grew. The feeling tightened. The feeling…

Then it came. A sensation I was unable to describe, a feeling I was unable to comprehend. I gripped my gag so tight that it almost disappeared behind my teeth. My eyes shot back open as I lifted my head up, yet I was still unable to see, I was detached from my body just like Becky was. The warm glow around my body intensified into a much smaller ball, burning brightly inside me as the orgasm flushed through my body. Groan after groan escaped my lips, sweat began to trickle down my body, the sound of waves echoed through my ears. My legs shook violently, losing all strength and balance within seconds, causing me to fall to the floor completely with Becky following close, not letting the foreign object leave me.

"Mmmppph! Mmmmmmpppphh! Mmmpph!" I wasn't even trying to say anything, I don't think my brain was capable of words.

An orgasm travelled through me that was more intense than any I had before. It was asking me of everything, wanting to drain me completely of all energy and sense for the gratification of the pleasure. It was only lust, it was only the need, it… was…

'Oh fuck!' My head screamed again. My eyes finally began to focus but the rest of my body was still seized up. My head dropped to the floor, forcing me to stare at the fibres in the carpet during this never-ending stimulation. It wasn't even multiple orgasms I was feeling, it was one constant flow, as if my body was holding onto the one orgasm and not letting it go, forcing it to burn brighter and for longer.

"I think that's enough for you two," I heard my sister say, her voice was much quieter and filled with sympathy.

I managed to bring myself back into the room, just in time to watch her lean over towards Becky and turn down the box she had strapped to her leg. Slowly, the vibration deep inside me subsided, the false penis stopped shaking violently and crept along until all motion at that end seemed to cease. Becky's moans continued, this time it was not for what was happening to her, but the content afterglow of what had happened. It was a type of moaning and heavy breathing that was telling me she was gradually coming back to reality and returning to her body.

Emily returned to the laptop and continued writing as if nothing had happened, as if she did not just witness her best friend fuck her sister right in front of her, as if she did not see me traveling between worlds in the grasp of an unfamiliar pleasure. However, whilst the smile she had before faded, there was something about the way she was focusing on the work in front of her that told me she was reliving the events in her head, watching me in such a submissive, vulnerable position did something to her that she hadn't experienced before.

That told me we weren't done exploring that part of my body, this was potentially only the beginning.

Becky finally began to move, her aching eyes opened as she took in the world around her. She was still on my back, her body was still up against mine and the dildo between us was still lodged deep inside of me.

"Mmmmph," I grunted.

It was a noise that told the woman to get off me in the kindest way possible. I loved her with all my heart and I actually enjoyed the race we had and the results at the end, but what I wanted more at that moment was to be free from my bonds, to be able to move my arms and legs and talk to my sister and friend using words and not just noises. Becky seemed to understand this, I watched as her paws pressed against the ground and tried her hardest to lift up her own weight. This was a struggle for the young woman, despite having come to reality, it seemed that parts of her body were still asleep and begging for her not to move.

A selection of groans left the woman, this time it was from her limbs screaming in agony from the forced movement, having spent so long resting against my back had put them to sleep. Still, the blonde-haired woman continued, her arms shook lightly as she pulled herself up completely, she began moving backwards; enough for me to feel the foreign object finally leave my behind.

It was almost.

\*Click\*

We all stopped. Becky ceased all motion and even Emily stopped typing on the device, her eyes immediately jolted towards the front door.

\*Click\* \*Click\*

I felt the blood rush from my body. It was the sound of someone at the front door, their keys clinging in the lock as they prepared to open the door. Emily jumped up, leaving the laptop on the sofa as she came up behind the other blonde girl. She placed her hands against her back and pushed with all the strength she had, causing Becky to re-enter me once more with the purple dildo.

"There's no time!" She screamed in a hush tone, "Hide in the kitchen and get to the bedroom when it's clear."

Emily did not let up, bending downwards she pushed with all her might against Becky's back, forcing us to move in unison to the other side of the room, with the goal to get to the dining room, then the kitchen and return to the bedroom without being seen. My mind raced and my body shuddered, it literally felt like all of the blood in me had fallen out and was absorbed into the ground. I didn't even focus on moving, my elbows and knees yelled at a vacant mind as they walked in unison with the other bound pet and my sister. All I could focus on was not being spotted and the dildo that had fully re-entered me, pushing deep inside me just like before.

Eventually, Emily left us and returned to the sofa, she managed to sit back down and place the laptop back onto her lap, bringing her focus one again to the document in front of her and typing as if everything was normal. Becky and I managed to get to the kitchen before we heard the lock click one more time and the hinges of the door squeal as it let someone in.

"Oh, hi, Emily" The voice of Jane echoed in the hallway, "How is everything?"

"Mom?!" My sister responded in a rather surprised tone, "We- Uh, I wasn't expecting you back so early."

"I wasn't expecting it, but I'm not staying. I've just come back to drop off some shopping."

Panic set in. Both Becky and I were now in the kitchen, the door behind us to the dining room had stopped swinging. With those words floating around, we backed ourselves up against the door, hoping to not see Jane's face appear on the other end of the room and not in this compromised position. Instantly, I had memories of Jane catching Emily and I having sex in the hallway, the way panic set in back then and the look of shock on both the mother's and daughter's faces.

I shook my body, telling Becky to finally leave my side and let the dildo fall out. It took Becky longer than I anticipated to realise she was still in that position and the purple object attached to her was not visible. The last thing I wanted was for her to see what we had been up to, at the very least it would take a lot to explain why I wasn't having sex with her daughter and with someone else.

"What's that you’re wearing?" Jane asked, a slight hint of humour in her tone.

That's right. All Emily was wearing was the t-shirt and nothing underneath. It must have been a strange sight for the mother to see, not as strange as the two creatures lurking in the kitchen, but something she wasn't used to seeing.

"This?" I heard Emily respond, "I-I was just going to jump in the shower, but I wanted to work on Sam's CV before I did."

"She's got you doing that? I wanted Samantha to do that for herself."

"Oh… well, she did. She's written this so far, all she wanted me to do was to check it for her, proof-read it and make sure she didn't make any mistakes."

"And where is she now?"

I heard Jane's footsteps travel from right outside the door towards the living room, where my sister was standing right beside the sofa. This gave Becky and I the chance to crawl to the other side of the kitchen, whilst Jane was distracted talking to Emily, we could sneak through and straight to the bedroom. It wasn't the best plan, but it was the only chance we had to not get spotted. I didn't even mind how Emily was digging us into a larger hole with every sentence that came out of her mouth.

"Uh, Becky came over and they went out for a walk. They weren't going to be gone for long though, when Sam gets back I'll get her to get straight back to work."

By this time I was pushing my head against the door, just enough for me to see where the two were standing, this was a huge risk as walking backwards would have taken me a while, meaning Jane would easily spot me and my bound form if she turned around. I could feel Becky's hot breath bounce off my butt, why did she have to be so close? I know it was a tense moment, but I wished the girl wasn't so close behind me, if I needed to move backwards; I would just get stuck and Jane would catch me even easier.

Glancing into the living room, I could see the older woman was bent over staring at the laptop screen and taking in the work both Emily and I managed to put down before her arrival. Emily was slyly pointing towards the bedroom, willing for us to use this precious time to move.

"Well, just make sure she does, don't want you doing all the work," Jane commented, before turning around, preparing to walk back towards the kitchen and into the direct path of both Becky and I.

I panicked, once again all the blood drained from my body. The flashbacks from that night hit me for the second time and the dread of being caught with someone other than Emily caused my heart to race.

'No!' I mentally screamed, willing my body to move back.

Maybe we would have enough time to run to the other side of the kitchen? No, that wouldn't work. If I couldn't outrun Becky in this state, I would not be able to disappear from view in time Jane would reach the door. *Shit! Fuck!*

"Mom!"

I looked up, even the need to escape came second to that sudden yelp. It was Emily, trying to grab Jane's attention before she fully turned around, and it worked. Jane stared directly at her daughter, even from behind I could tell her mother was shocked to hear her daughter speak in such a tone, especially to her.

"Emily?" Her voice was stern but not judgemental.

My sister began to stutter, trying to think of a good excuse to keep the older woman's attention, "I-I."

"Emily."

I heard footsteps return to the living room, giving us the chance to make a break for it. This time I wasted no time, I pulled my body forwards and left the temporary comfort of the kitchen behind me. For a small time I was out in the open, my partially naked form was right there just out of view of Jane. Luckily, she did not turn around again, allowing me ample time to crawl down the hall and into the sanctuary that was our bedroom.

I glanced backwards, making sure my predator was close behind. She was halfway down the hall, so close to freedom. Her movement was stilted due to only being able to use one paw to move, the other bound hand was pushed against the collar, to make sure the bell made no noise to attract unwanted attention. I didn't even think about that. Whilst the bell was something that haunted me before I was captured, I completely forgot that it was around her neck since we both experienced that sensation.

My sister's voice echoed down the hall, "I… just wanted to say…"

"Yes?"

"The… umm… the belt."

Where was she going with this?

"What about it?"

"Samantha was telling the truth. It was my idea to wear it."

"Was she the one who ordered it?"

"Yeah, she purchased it without my knowledge. But she got it because she knew I had an interest in it, I've always wanted to wear one and that was why I was wearing it yesterday."

"Emily…"

"And I've enjoyed other stuff. That… suit you saw me wearing that one time? I enjoy that too, Sam… she might have brought that stuff into my life, but I enjoy it all. Even this…"

I heard a clink of metal, assuming she pulled the collar she was wearing forward. By this time Becky had crawled past me, her naked form was in the comfort of the room, yet I remained in the hallway. I… wanted to hear this.

"I understand." Jane's tone was devoid of all strictness, what was left was understanding.

"You do?"

"Yeah. I'm glad you've found something you and Samantha enjoy. I wish to not hear about what you two get up to and I really don't want to see it… again. But I just want you two to be safe and to understand limits should be in place. I put that belt on Sam because I wanted her to understand what she was asking of you, it might have been for you, but she has to understand she cannot push you further than you can go."

"…She wasn't."

"Emily, you were struggling. I could see it on your face before you revealed that thing you were wearing. You and Sam are on the same level and that is a beautiful thing, but it shouldn't be a challenge for you. Love… sex… everything in your relationship should be a stroll down the road and not a climb up a mountain."

"I think I understand."

"If it makes you feel better, I think that necklace thing looks cute on you. Just, make sure to not make everything in your relationship about domination. You need Emily and Samantha time too, as equals."

"Thanks, Mom."

"So, I know I might have acted harshly at the clothing store, but I am going to stand by my punishment. Samantha is still going to wear the belt for the rest of the week, I think she needs to learn that lesson. But after that, you two should have a heart-to-heart talk about your limits and what you are both comfortable with".

"Yeah. That sounds good. Do…do you still have the key?"

"Of course. I left it in my locker at work. Well…"

"…Well?"

"Well, I am sure I placed it in my locker, but I looked just before I came home and I couldn't really see it. I promised myself I would have another look later, when I'm not in a rush."

"Mom!" Emily giggled.

*What! She's already lost the key to my belt? She's hardly had it for twenty-four hours!*

"To be honest, her Dad's probably taken it," Jane joined in on the giggles, "We share the locker at work and he always gets on at me about losing stuff. If he saw the key on its own, he's probably just placed it on his own set so I don't lose it."

The two women chuckled, their laughter escaped the room and travelled up the hallway, echoing in my ears. My cheeks burned red. I didn't know what was worse, the idea that Jane would have lost the only key to my freedom, or the idea that my own dad was walking around the hospital, unknowingly holding the key to his daughter's sex in his pocket. The very thought was enough to make me want to be sick.

I finally left the two women to their conversation, falling into the darkness of the room and joining the other bound pet in that temporary sanctuary, waiting to finally be freed from our restraints.

After all the events of the day, we were there side-by-side, our almost naked bodies resting against each other as we waited for my sister. It was an odd thing to realise my reactions to Becky had changed so much within a short period. I barely even looked at the girl whilst she was orally pleasuring my sister, as I mostly focused on seeing Emily struggle to focus on me and the upcoming orgasm at the same time. That was a complete contrast to the creature that was chasing me down later, she went from someone I was using to tease my sister further, to a pursuer who was only after one thing.

Then we had that moment when she got me, the sound of her moaning in my ear was still as clear as day. Us both being lost mentally as our bodies were tortured by that delicious feeling. After that, we had to sneak around and help each other to not get caught.

Whilst my reactions to the young woman might have changed multiple times throughout the day, resting next to her made me realise we experienced everything together. I forced myself to look up at her, something that was much harder for me in this state than it was for her. She was so adorable, she was still panting lightly, whether that was from the intense orgasm she had earlier or from sneaking around the older woman; I did not know. Her eyes caught mine before she shot me an awkward smile, as if she felt some sort of accomplishment in sneaking back to the room, I tried to smile back at her, which was something rather tough with the faux leather in my mouth.

Instead, I placed myself further into her body before telling my limbs to finally give in and allow my body to fall onto the ground next to her. Instant relief travelled all over my frame as the dull aching ceased and seconds later I felt the familiar sensation of the mittens against my skin, revealing Becky embracing me, holding me in a tight hug. The soft sound of the mother and daughter's conversation filled the air, words we knew so well had to travel so far that it sounded like nonsense to us, the odd giggle and laughter was adding to the comfort of Becky's warm skin against mine, the soft sighs of content against my ears as we once again began to leave the world behind us and fall into the realm of sleep. Both of our bodies were too exhausted to fight the inevitable.

That's all we were. Just two pets, waiting for their master to return to them.
