---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/eroticstories/storiesad/ariana11.html
subcategory: Spandex
title: Ariana
authors:
- Adegans
tags:
- Sbf
- M/f
- bond
- rope
- gag
- sex
- oral
- blindfold
- breathplay
- reluct
- cons
- nc
- X
date: 2025-05-03 00:00:00
---

### 11: Her last boyfriend

#### Intro

Ariana Inoue is a 22 years young Japanese woman. She has black hair and at the moment likes it long, she has been growing her hair out for the last 3 years or so. She rarely puts on makeup other than some eye liner. The fine lines in her face, along with her big dark eyes, give her a very cute look. Combine that with her slender body and she is the envy of men and women alike. A small B-cup adorns her chest and she stands about 140cm tall with a cute butt. Ariana lives alone in a single bedroom apartment.

She never really stood out in school other than being the cute asian chick. She never saw much use for most of her classes. Having barely graduated college a few months ago she was talked into working for a big corporate office. Which she soon found out pays alright but it also meant she now works a boring job. She doesn't like her work and just tolerates doing her tasks so she can get paid.

David is her 3rd real boyfriend, he and Ariana briefly dated and they’ve been in a more serious relationship for just over 6 months. Ariana thinks he's the best guy she ever met. But given her previous 2 boyfriends and many dates that's not saying much. David is a bit more traditional or old school than her previous dates, valuing a strong bond over shallow connections. He usually presents himself confident and looks manly doing it which Ariana thinks is super attractive.

When Ariana is alone she's often lost in her fantasies about anything related to anal. She learned to like sticking things up her butt after her first boyfriend tricked her into having anal sex. More recently she spent some time convincing David to do anal. And while he is intrigued by the idea he doesn't think it's cool or sexy and prefers to have normal sex.

Ariana also has been experimenting with some simple bondage over the years and finally dared to talk to David about it. She is hoping he'll indulge in her fantasy and tie her up to spice up their sex life.

#### 1 - Used for the first time

She has it all worked out. Ariana has invited David over for 'dinner' and she will tie herself up before he arrives. Her hope is that he will get the hint and use her vulnerable position to make it an excellent night.

Over the past few weeks Ariana had confessed her deeper secrets and desires to her boyfriend David. One of which is some light bondage.

He knows little of Ariana's past and doesn't really approve of her kinky side, but he also is willing to try out new things.

David arrives shortly after 7PM and lets himself into her apartment to find the place seemingly empty. Being promised dinner he looks in the kitchen but sees no sign of cooking or even preparations being done. He then peeks into the living room, calling out her name. Not getting a response he continues looking for his girlfriend and finds her in the bedroom.

His mouth drops open seeing her naked and tied to her bed. Ariana has managed to tie her ankles to the left and right corners of the bed. Bent over at the waist she leans over the foot of her bed, her arms are stretched towards the bed's headboard with some kind of strap. It looks uncomfortable.

"Babe! What the hell is this?!?" David calls out with an alarmed voice.

Ariana startled at his loud voice, looks at him and whimpers a 'hello'. It comes out muffled since she has stuffed her mouth with several of her panties and wrapped tape around it. It looks a bit messy but she thought the forced look makes it more exciting and 'real'.

David steps into the room and can't stop staring at his crazy girlfriend. "You did this?" he asks with a fascinated look on his face.

She nods.

"Where's dinner?" David dumbly asks.

She rolls her eyes and 'mmmpfs' while gesturing to her behind with a jerking motion of her head.

"You want me to fuck you like that?" David finally gets the hint.

She nods furiously and moans seductively into her gag.

"But…" David is lost for words. Sitting down next to the girl on the bed he caresses her face.

Ariana looks at him pleading, desperate to be fucked… Her first time at the mercy of a man she really likes and who she doesn't have to fear.

David looks a bit lost at her, "Babe, I can't, I mean… I want to have sex and you're a great girl, but bondage? C'mon…"

Ariana looks hurt now, seeing her fantasy vanish in a poof of smoke.

He plucks at the tape around her head and peels it off. Pulling her hair that's stuck in the glue. He then pulls out a wad of panties and releases her arms.

"David, I… Please, try it…" Ariana begs him under her breath. "I'm sure you'll like it."

David looks doubtful. He doesn't find it attractive at all.

"Please, for me…" Ariana sounds desperate.

David stands up hesitantly and walks behind his girl. "You're really stuck huh?" he asks the obvious. "No release if I don't let you free?"

"I'll get out if my hands are free," Ariana whimpers. "But you can hold them on my back while you do your thing."

David's mind is in turmoil. He wants his girlfriend to be wild and experimental sometimes, but bondage? What the fuck… He never expected her to follow through on it after she talked to him about it recently.

He strokes her butt and feels her shiver in anticipation.

"Please David, Do it!! Fuck me now!" she urges him, moaning in frustration.

"You're sure about this?" he asks.

"Yessss, take me!" she calls out all horny. "Make me feel helpless and stupid…" she timidly adds.

David feels an itch. An urge. His dick strains in his pants. He unzips his jeans and slides them down. Stepping out of his pants he bends down over his girlfriend’s back. "Remember, you asked for this."

He then grabs her hands and forces them behind her back, wrapping the strap around her wrists and pulling it tight. He then pushes the panties back in her mouth and wraps the used tape around her head again. It doesn't stick as well as before but Ariana can't push out the wad of clothing.

Ariana whimpers in horny anticipation and wiggles her butt for David.

David steps up and grabs her small hips before thrusting his dick into her already wet pussy and Ariana howls at the sudden intrusion.

He starts pumping into her, losing all reservations feeling all powerful over his woman. Her crotch slams into the bed repeatedly due to his forceful thrusts and she moans and gasps in tune with his assault.

"You like that? You little slut?" he calls out.

Ariana likes it a lot.

"Huh? You like being fucked like this?" he almost yells.

David pounds with deep thrusts into her from behind for several minutes, calling her names and degrading her with shallow remarks that make little sense. He's more the quiet romantic lover, not at all for name calling or dirty talk.

Thrusting in a final time he tenses up as he shoots his load deep into her sopping pussy. He then has a dirty idea and quickly pulls out and rips the tape from her head removing the panties from her mouth.

Ariana is stunned from the forceful fucking she just got and inhales sharply as she feels him cum inside her. When he peels off the tape from her face she is relieved to be able to breathe more easily but that relief is short lived as he forces his wet penis into her mouth and starts pushing in deep.

She gags and splutters in surprise but soon manages to keep up and starts sucking his dick. Ariana tastes herself and his semen and thinks it’s disgusting but the helpless feeling she gets from it is amazing.

He forces himself deeper and reaches the back of her mouth. She gags on his cock and tries to indicate it's deep enough, but he doesn't notice her struggle and pushes the tip into her throat. She gags and convulses as David fucks her throat for a minute or so before his penis is getting too soft to keep going.

She weakly sucks on his dick when he finally pulls out and escapes to the bathroom, leaving her stuck on the bed.

#### 2 - A not so happy ending

David stares at himself in the bathroom mirror wondering what came over him. Feeling uncomfortable with what he did he quickly wipes his penis clean and returns to the bedroom to release Ariana.

Ariana meanwhile feels wholly uncomfortable and calls out for David with a raspy voice. "Hey baby? Can you let me out if you're done? Hello?"

Just as she starts to think she made a judgment error with trusting herself to David he comes rushing in and unties her legs and helps her stand up. He whispers in her ear that he's sorry for being so rough.

Ariana smiles at her sweet man. "Told you you'd like it. Did you like me like that?" she asks, staring at him with her cute eyes. He undoes the strap on her arms and she hugs her boss.

"Ehh…" he looks away from his girlfriend.

"No?" Ariana cautiously asks.

"Weeelllll, I don't know. I mean, sex is good. But you tied up… I don't know about that." he finally manages.

Ariana is too tired and beat up to really deal with her boyfriend's insecurities. "I liked it," she assures him. "And if you did too, please do it again some time… But less rough."

"I'll think about that," he says.

They sit on the bed, his arm around her shoulders. And they stare at the door for a few seconds. Ariana feels pain pulsing through her hip and her throat feels weird.

"You're hungry?" he asks.

Ariana nods. "A little…"

"What's for dinner? You promised dinner, remember?"

"I didn't prepare any dinner, it was just a lie to get you here." She looks at him with a devious smile. "But I have cup noodles if you want?"

"Cup noodles!? That's crap." David grumbles, "Let's get some real food."

"Can we stay here? I'm hurting a little." she timidly asks.

#### 3 - Awkward dinner

"So what'll you have?" David asks, holding her hand while they look up at the McDonalds menu displays.

"Just a burger." Ariana says quietly. She doesn't want to be here, David didn't listen and practically dragged her with him.

"What kind of burger? A Big Mac?" he asks, pointing at the picture.

"Whatever… Anything." Her voice trailing off pulling her hand free. "I'll look for a table." Ariana says.

David looks at her weird and shrugs. "Quarter pounder?"

"Sure…" Ariana walks into the restaurant looking for a table.

She gingerly sits down at an empty table. Her crotch had started to ache again and her vagina and throat hurt. Wishing she was home and alone she looks around at the restaurant… "real food, pfft" she quietly mutters, dropping her head down on her crossed arms on the table regretting the whole bondage ordeal.

After a while David shows up with a tray filled with food. "Aha, here you are. I got you a Big Mac."

Ariana looks up at him. "No quarter pounder?"

"Oh, yea…" Remembering her vague want for the other burger.

Ariana sighs, "Never mind… It's ok."

David chomps down into his food while Ariana idly plays with her fries pricking them in the ketchup cups leaving them sticking out.

"What's up Ariana?" he mumbles with a full mouth.

"David, I… I made a mistake. Like what we did? I didn't enjoy it."

"O…" David looks at her, "But earlier you said you liked it."

"Yea, no. On second thought I don't… Let's just forget about it." Ariana really wants to be alone now.

"Ok babe. Like it never happened." he responds casually. "Wanna watch a movie in a bit?" he asks.

"No, I feel like being alone. Sorry." Ariana mumbles.

"Hmm." David frowns. "Are you gonna eat that?" He points at her burger.

Ariana shakes her head.

"You sure you're alright?" he asks, reaching for her BigMac.

"I'll be fine. Don't worry." she assures him.

"Ok, babe, just let me know if you need anything ok? Like really. Just talk to me about anything. I'm here for you." He sounds a bit worried now.

"I will." Ariana says, very certain that she won't.

Ariana always finds it hard to talk to her lovers about her true feelings about sex and her preferences.

#### 4 - Aftermath

After finishing their dinner David walks Ariana home and tries to change her mind about being alone, but she insists. David thinks she's overreacting with her bad mood but leaves her to it. He found out long ago that Ariana can completely shut the world out if she's like this. He'll just waste his time trying to be with her or so he concludes. I'll call her in a few days, he thinks. Not really wanting to deal with whatever is causing her mood.

Ariana pushes her door closed as David leaves and slides to the floor leaning against her front door clutching her crotch not feeling well. How could I be so stupid, she thinks with a pained face.

Making her way to the bathroom she undresses thinking a hot shower will cheer her up. She's shocked to see a big bruise forming on her hip. It hurts with a searing pain when she touches it. She swallows nervously, which also feels weird. What a mess, she sighs. Taking a few painkillers she hops into the shower and enjoys the hot water.

The next day she feels a lot better. Her throat is back to normal it seems. Her vagina feels tender but is almost fine and the bruise will be gone in a few days or so too she hopes. No short tops for a while she thinks angrily.

Feeling unfulfilled by yesterday's events she hunkers down in her bedroom probing her behind with her medium buttplug. She slowly pumps it in and out of her butt and enjoys the stretchy feeling. Moaning softly to herself.

She finishes up, briefly considering leaving the plug in while she goes to work but decides against that. For that to work out well she needs to be in a better state of mind. After putting the plug away she dresses up in a simple outfit. A flowery blouse and knee length skirt with sneakers. It doesn't conform to what her company prefers but she doesn't care. She likes casual clothes too much to buy a proper suit or something office worthy.

At work she can't really concentrate, this is not unusual. However today she makes more mistakes than usual much to the frustration of her boss. During her lunch break she meets up with Kate, her lunch friend, and they talk a bit about the going ons in the world and such. Seeing Kate's friendly face cheers her up more than she wants to admit and she feels much happier during the afternoon.

When the work-day is finally over she heads home on her scooter, picking up some groceries along the way. She's thinking about David. Would he be normal, or the same, after yesterday’s mishap? Secretly she had liked getting fucked in bondage. But not the way he did it. Too rough, she thinks. She's scared to talk about it with him. How silly.

#### 5 - Date at David’s place

David never mentioned their kinky adventure. And Ariana thought he'd forgotten about it. Her bruise took 3 weeks to fully heal, she hated herself for that. Bruises are so ugly she would curse at herself.

She wishes she was strong enough to talk to David about her feelings and desires more openly. She had tried a few times but was scared for his potential rejection or for him to take advantage of her like her previous boyfriends did. At work she hinted towards her friend Kate to maybe talk to her about it or what she should do but Kate didn't respond to it. Or ignored it…

Nobody to confide in.

And really what she needs, and has craved for years, is for her partner, to take charge and boss her around making her do the things she actually likes. Give her a helpless feeling. If only she dared to talk to him about it and make him understand.

Today it's pizza night, David had invited her to his place for a night in, with pizza and a movie. Arriving at his doorstep she knocks on the door. Why doesn't she have a key? She thinks for the 100th time, every time she knocks on his door… He has a key to my place. Maybe I'll ask for one sometime, forgetting the thought as the door opens and his manly appearance comes into view.

"Hey babe! Come in!" He invites her in.

Ariana jumps at him and hugs her boyfriend tightly. "Hey honey. I missed you!" she says under her breath. "Is the pizza here yet? I'm starving…"

"Not yet, but it shouldn't be long!" he replies. "Just keep an eye on the door."

Minutes later Ariana sits on David's couch greedily biting at a slice.

David cautiously starts, "Hey Ariana?"

Looking up mid-bite she sees David has something serious to say and quickly re-focuses her attention on him. "Yes?"

"Remember a few weeks ago when you made me fuck you while tied up?"

"Ehhh… Yeah?" Ariana replies cautiously.

"Wanna try it again sometime?" He looks at her from the corner of his eye as if he's shy to make eye contact.

"Uhm… Well, I didn't really like it last time," she lies.

"I think you did," David argues. "And I think in a different position you'll enjoy it even more."

'Uh oh… He's up to something.' she thinks.

"So, what do you think? Wanna try?" David inquires.

"I'll think about it, not right now." Ariana says, flustered. Excited at the prospect of another bondage fuck, but scared of him hurting her.

"Alright then, are you staying the night?" David continues, like they were talking about the weather.

Ariana nods eagerly. She was hoping for her man to ask her as she feels like snuggling up against his chest.

They finish their pizza and David pulls her to her feet and guides her to the bathroom where he slowly undresses his girlfriend. His hands roaming over her body as he removes her top and bra. Slipping a finger under the elastic band of her pants sliding it down.

Ariana enjoys his sweet attention. When he hooks his finger under her panties and strokes her pussy lips she bites her lip and moans softly.

"What do I feel here?" He laughs at her excitement. "You're all slippery and wet…"

Ariana flushes red at his remark but lets him be. Holding on to David's shoulder as he briefly strokes her lips.

Pulling her close he slides his hand over her back into her panties over her butt, pushing them down.

Ariana is getting excited and wiggles her legs so they fall down to her ankles and steps out of them. She plucks at his shirt. "Come sexy, undress for me," she purrs.

Not much for strip-tease-romantics he unceremoniously throws his shirt to the side and slides his pants and underwear down. Ariana looks at him with hungry eyes. She 'mmm's' approvingly.

David guides her into the hot shower where he washes her hair. Soaps up her body. Paying extra attention to her crotch and breasts causing her to giggle. When he has rinsed the soap off her body she sinks down to her knees to admire his penis before taking the tip in her mouth. Sucking it gently.

"Whooaaaaa" David exclaims, the sudden sensation quickly overtaking his thought process. He loves blowjobs.

She sucks his dick full of energy and just as he's about to cum she stops and turns around so he can enter her from behind. Feeling his dick is about to burst he grabs her hips and thrusts his penis in her waiting pussy. Pumping deep into her small frame with a firm grip. After a few minutes they orgasm at almost the same time.

They kiss and cuddle for a bit before exiting the shower. David takes his time drying her off. Making sure her hair is dry before they enter the bedroom. No towel needed. She appreciates this gesture.

She guides him to bed and eventually Ariana falls asleep giggling while David whispers sweet things to her.

#### 6 - Betrayed

David meanwhile wants Ariana to fall asleep so he can execute his devious little plan. He has convinced himself she likes bondage more than she wants to admit. He also thinks she’s too shy to say so and wants him to push her over the edge.

He thought about that long and hard and decided he wants to show her that he can do it. Be a part of her fantasy. Seeing his girlfriend happily sleep next to him he quietly gets out of bed and retrieves a small box from the closet. In the box is a set of cheap plasticky cuffs he ordered online. The cuffs have D-Links on them so he can tie her to the bed.

He carefully straps the cuffs on her wrists and ankles and connects both wrists above her head to the bed. He then connects her ankles together and pulls them to the foot of the bed tying her in place. Ariana moves and stirs but doesn't seem to wake up.

When she's loosely secured to the bed he pulls out his next item from the box. A rubber swim cap which he stretches wide and slips over her head so it covers her eyes. The stretchy pressure this creates causes Ariana to wake up and she squirms and mumbles. Trying to reach for her head.

"David? What's happening? What's on my head?" Ariana sounds with a worried voice unable to see. "Hello?"

David leans over to his girlfriend's head and shushes her. "Shhh, go back to sleep. You're dreaming."

"Mmm," Ariana relaxes hearing her boyfriend’s voice and stops moving.

He strokes her lower face and neck for a little while as she relaxes back to sleep and he continues binding her.

Ariana sleeps tied up for a few hours before waking up again at around 8AM and quickly discovers that her arms are stretched out to the left and right. David sleeps next to her slumped half over her naked torso.

Ariana tries to readjust herself but quickly realizes she has little freedom of movement. Immediately wide awake she whispers to David, "Hey psst, David! What are you doing?"

He mumbles something.

"Hey!" she calls out. "Wake up!"

David wakes with a start, "Oh hi my little pet."

"Pet? What? I can't see! Why am I tied up?" Ariana asks nervously.

David looks at her. "You need to experience bondage the right way, sweetie." He sounds all serious. "I've looked online and last time was all wrong for beginners."

"David please… Not now." Ariana squirms trying to free herself.

"You'll love it, my sweet pet. Just let it happen… You'll see."

Ariana struggles in her bonds torn between the potential enjoyment and not wanting to do this.

David gets up from the bed. "I'll make us a drink. If you still don't want it when I get back I'll let you go."

Ariana nods submissively. "Promise?"

"Yes babe, I'll be back soon. Love you!"

Ariana feels helpless and likes it… But It's also unexpected and unwanted, maybe.

He pokes his head around the door, "We're out of orange juice. I'll run out and grab some. You'll be ok?"

Ariana thinks for a second and decides to play along. "Anything you decide, boss," she coos back.

David takes this as a good sign and quickly runs to a nearby fruit shop.

A minute or so after he leaves Ariana hears the door open again. "That's quick!" she calls out at David but there is no response. "Come here boss, let's play." she calls out.

What she doesn't realize is that it's not David at all but her boyfriend’s soccer friend standing in the bedroom door staring at her naked and tied body.

Stunned for a moment, all he can think about is taking a picture. He snaps a few shots of this hot chick in his friend's bedroom.

"Hello?" she calls out, "David? Are you there?"

The guy opens his mouth to respond but stops himself just in time. Instead he kneels down next to the bed, careful to not make a sound and looks at Ariana's small tits.

"David?" Ariana calls out again. "Hello?" She senses someone nearby. Why isn't he answering? She nervously thinks.

The guy reaches out and pinches her nipple. "owowowowww!" she yelps. He then reaches down to her foot and tickles her. Ariana giggles.

Then he thinks, fuck it… And pokes her sides. Pinches both nipples. Rubs her boobs, squishes them flat. Ariana, thinking David is playing a game, squirms and laughs and giggles excitedly.

Then he grabs her neck and cuts off her air while rubbing her pussy.

Ariana abruptly stops laughing as the hand squeezes on her neck. Then she feels a hand rubbing her down there and she feels pleasure built. She tries to breathe, her moans and gasps sounding raspy.

After a few moments she tries to call out with a scared voice to try and stop David. "David, what? Stop… Help. Can't, breathe."

The guy smirks at her thinking he's David and releases her throat. Ariana splutters and coughs, panting a little. "Let me go David, this isn't fun anymore."

The guy keeps rubbing her pussy. She's sopping wet. He slowly fingers her for a few seconds making Ariana moan before he realizes David could be back any minute.

He breaks off his little torture session and wipes his fingers on the bedsheets before leaving Ariana alone, hot and bothered, and scared out of her mind.

David's friend quietly leaves the apartment and on the way down meets David. "Hey, there you are… I rang but you weren't there. Wanna play soccer?"

"Ehh, not today." David replies. "Not in the mood for sports."

‘I can imagine,’ his friend thinks. "Ok, well call me ok? I'm up for a game any time."

"Yea sure… " David hastily replies. He feels a bit guilty for leaving Ariana alone for so long. But those girls at the fruit shop…

He hurries upstairs and finds Ariana calling his name in distress. "David? Help! Let me out now? Hello?"

"Hey honey, I'm back. What's wrong with you?"

"What's wrong? What's wrong? Let me go!" she yells at him.

Baffled, he just looks at his girlfriend struggling in front of him. "But, you don't want anymore?" He sits next to her head pulling at the swimming cap.

"You've done enough!" Ariana shouts, "Let me out now!"

"Uhh ok…" David quietly unties his girl and watches her scramble for her clothes. "Babe, can you talk to me? What happened? Was I gone too long?"

"Oh don't play stupid, you know what you did… I never want to see you again!" she yells and storms out of David's apartment. Leaving a confused David alone.

"What the fuck was that about?" he mutters to himself. He considers going after Ariana, catching up with her and asking what he did to upset her. But once again he decides to stay away from confronting her.

#### 7 - Dealing with a friend

Ariana comes out of the building and rushes past a guy sitting on his bike, David's friend.

‘That's her?’ he wonders. "Damn she's got a cute face," he whispers to himself. Then his phone pings. It's a message from David. 'Hey, Let's play soccer in a bit. Changed my mind.' It reads.

He replies he'll be there in a minute.

Dawdling a minute while mulling over the girl's appearance he then heads over to David and knocks on the door, which opens immediately.

"My key!" David demands.

"Eh what?" Eric, his friend, stutters.

"Give me my key back, I know you were in here just now."

Eric hands his key back to David and before he can respond David's fist rams into his stomach. "What did you do to my girl?" he angrily shouts. "What did you do!?"

Eric flinches, "I uh, touched her, but only a little…"

David hits his friend again. "What else?" he shouts.

"I took a picture. Nothing more. Honest!" Eric tries to shield himself from David's blows.

David confiscates Eric's phone and forces Eric to unlock it. "Delete them or I destroy the whole thing."

Eric shows the Photos app on his iPhone. David deletes all photos in the phone and the trash as well.

He then remembers iPhones sync photos to online storage and demands Eric deletes that too. Which he does under the threat of David punching him again.

"Now get the fuck out, never come back and be glad I don't have you arrested Eric!" David yells at him. "And fuck you very much for ruining my relationship!"

Eric hurries away and as he exits the door feels a kick in his back causing him to fall over as the door slams closed behind him.

David then sends Ariana a message telling her that he found out what happened and urgently needs to see her and explain. But he gets no reply. He then tries to call and message Ariana several more times over the next hour but can't get a hold of her. Finally deciding he should go to her apartment but she's not there.

Ariana meanwhile sits in a nearby park fuming at what David supposedly did. ‘How dare he choke me out like that. That's not enjoyable or fun… What the fuck. That fucking asshole.’ She cries softly to herself and when she decides to finally go home misses David by a few minutes.

Coming home she locks herself in and feels flustered and sad all day. ‘How dare he!’ She keeps thinking. ‘I trust him and he abuses me like that?’

Needing some relief and being tired of being upset she rummages through her box of toys and slips a large dildo inside her.

Sitting down on the phallus. 'Mmmm' she quietly moans as she slowly starts riding the thing.

‘This'll be my boyfriend from now on. Fuck real ones!’ Ariana thinks back to her first and second boyfriends. ‘They’re all assholes.’ She thinks, ‘I'll have this one instead.’

#### 8 - Breakup

David tries to contact Ariana for almost two weeks before finally deciding he's had enough of it. He sits in his home thinking why he was with Ariana in the first place. ‘She's super fucking hot! He thinks. And she's cute and funny - Sometimes.’

This is not where he thought it would go. Unable to make a long list of positives, the negatives quickly outweigh his feelings he realizes. He doesn't like her anal games. Her playing with toys always bothered him and now this bondage nonsense?

Not to mention her whimsical moods sometimes when she's upset. So childish… Not much fun either. She doesn’t care for his soccer games or his friends, either.

He decides to cut his losses and writes a short note explaining that while he was out buying oranges his friend who had a key got in and took advantage of her. He took care of that and kicked his ass, he writes. He's sorry for what happened and if she wants to talk things over she's always welcome to do so. Fully expecting she won't.

David finishes by writing that he assumes their relationship is over and won't bother her again.

Writing his goodbye he slips the key of her front door into an envelope along with the note, seals it and delivers it in her mailbox.

On the outside he has simply written 'Key inside.'

Ariana finds the envelope a few days later in her mailbox, immediately recognizes his handwriting and feels something hard inside. She finds the key and throws the note away without reading it.

Never finding out the truth.
