---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Jasmine becomes a Slave 4: Jasmine''s Discovery'
authors:
- Mistress Lisa
tags:
- F-f
- FF-f
- D-s
- captive
- enslave
- cell
- bond
- collar
- susp
- bdsm
- dungeon
- cane
- irritant
- pain
- torment
- nipple
- electro
- shock
- urine
- forced
- strapon
- oral
- denial
- climax
- cons-nc
- XX
---

(story continues from [**Jasmine becomes a Slave 3: Racheal's Bound Slaves**](jasminebecomesaslave3.html))

Part Four

**Chapter 11: Jasmine's Discovery**

They pushed Jasmine into her cell and locked the door. As she sat on the cot Jasmine had a chance to take note of her condition. She was handcuffed and wearing the control chastity belt so there was no way to pleasure herself.

She now knew she was a slave to Racheal who was known as "THE TRAINER", one of the cruelest Dominatrix’s in the area. Her resolve to fight Racheal was at an all time low from the pain and torture and of being held on the edge of orgasm for so long. Although the orgasm she had at the end of the day was the best she ever had, and while she was watching Racheal and Shelia, she wanted so deeply to please her Mistress.

In the morning Racheal entered the cell and took her back to the dungeon. The handcuffs and control belt were removed and once again she was restrained in the chair totally helpless. "Before we get started today, I want to have another talk with you and require you be honest with your answers".

"Ok Mistress", jasmine replied.

"Before this did you ever serve as a sub or slave to anyone?"

"No Mistress I never served anyone".

"When you arrived here and I took off the straightjacket I noticed the crotch was wet with your juices, did you also notice this?"

"Yes Mistress I did".

"Do you know what a switch is slave?" asked Racheal.

"Yes it is someone that enjoys being a top and also a bottom".

"Do you understand why your body is responding as it is to you being a slave?"

"No Mistress I do not know and it bothers me".

Racheal said, "I think you are a switch, so what you need to figure out is which side of the fence you want to be on most of the time".

"I don’t know Mistress, I loved being a Domme, but right now my body is telling me different".

"Well we have 25 days for you to decide. What is your favorite song?"

"Thriller by Michael Jackson is my favorite".

"Yesterday you earned 26 minutes which also adds the bonus of 25 minutes for a total of 51 minutes in HELL, or if you choose you can suffer only 10 minutes with the stronger HELL solution. You have 5 minutes to decide". Racheal told her.

Jasmine said, "Ten minutes Mistress Racheal".

Racheal left the room and returned with an ipod. Racheal blindfolded jasmine and inserted an inflation gag, which was pumped to fill her mouth completely and before she put in the earphones she told jasmine, "While you are experiencing hell just listen to the music and go with the flow of pain". Then Racheal injected her with a drug that would make sure she didn’t pass out.

Racheal put on a pair of latex gloves and then covered both of jasmine’s breasts with the hell solution. She then inserted a finger covered with the solution into jasmine’s cunt and ass.

Jasmine felt the solution first on her breasts as it burned every inch, but when the finger entered her cunt she bucked in the chair and screamed into the gag. It was even worse when the finger entered her asshole.

After several minutes, as she listened to the music her body responded to the pain and music in a new way. While the pain was extreme she actually started enjoying it, and this scared her very much. Finally the solution was neutralized and the pain stopped. Jasmine was then taken to the shower area and she bathed her body and washed her hair. A very subdued jasmine crawled to the bowls and she ate the food and drank Racheal’s piss.

"Thank you Mistress for the meal and drink," jasmine said and then added without thinking, "I love you".

**Chapter 12**

Jasmine was again taken into the dungeon and placed in a set of stocks that had holes for feet and head and arms. Her breasts were hanging down and her ass was pushed out. Racheal played with jasmines nipples teasing them until they were hard nubs. A light flashed above the door of the dungeon and Racheal said, "I see the maid is here" and left.

Racheal returned with a blonde in a maids outfit being lead on a leash. The blonde looked about 22yrs old and had large breasts and shapely body. "This is Victoria, who is learning maid service and spends one day a week here," said Racheal.

"Victoria, I see from your Master’s note you have been very bad and you were caught masturbating without permission and He has requested you be punished for this in the harshest way. So bitch STRIP".

Knowing not to mess with Racheal, Victoria quickly removed all her clothes and stood before Racheal totally naked. Racheal pulled her to the chair that jasmine had spent painful times in. Quickly Victoria was secured so she could not move a muscle. As Racheal took from a shelf a bottle and rubber gloves, jasmine knew that Victoria was in for hell. After gagging Victoria, Racheal told her what was in the bottle and where the solution was going to be placed for her masturbating without permission. "I think 20 minutes will remind you to obey".

Racheal then injected her with the drug that would prevent her from passing out. Racheal then applied the solution to the both breasts and nipples; she inserted her finger deep into the slave’s cunt and then her asshole. Jasmine watched as Victoria writhed in pain on the chair knowing how painful the solution was. Victoria’s screams could be heard through the gag as the hell solution did its thing.

As Victoria suffered Racheal walked behind jasmine and slowly spanked her ass cheeks, massaging them in between smacks. Jasmine responded to the spanking by moaning each time a hand hit one of her cheeks, and Racheal noticed her juices start to flow down her legs. Racheal said, "I love your nice red ass and I see you are also enjoying it".

"Yes Mistress, I love the feel of you hand spanking my slave ass" jasmine replied. Racheal noticed how jasmine was more submissive and her plan to make jasmine her slave was progressing nicely.

After the twenty minutes, Racheal neutralized the hell solution on Victoria and released her.

Racheal said to Victoria, "You are about the same size as jasmine from the waist down, so you can wear her control belt while you clean the house". Racheal attached the belt to Victoria, inserting both large vibrators and the wrist band. She then started the vibrators on a high speed, which Victoria responded to and quickly reached an orgasm.

Laughing Racheal shut off the belt and Victoria groaned as it stopped. The functions of the belt were explained to Victoria and upon hearing them she pleaded for Racheal not to do it. "Too late slave, next time you will obey your Master, and if I find you have not cleaned my home as I expect you to, you will suffer even more".

Racheal turned the control belt on in the tease mode and told Victoria to get busy. As Victoria was leaving the dungeon jasmine saw her react to a shock from the belt and felt bad for her as she knew what it felt like to not be able to cum.

Racheal went back to jasmine and took a leather paddle from a table. "Slave count the strokes and don’t miss any".

WHACK, "one Mistress may I have another". Whack, "two Mistress may I have another". This continued until jasmine received 50 hard whacks and her ass was blazing red and tears could be seen in her eyes, but never did she miss the count. Also Racheal could see her swollen cunt and the juices pouring out of it.

During the paddling jasmine felt the paddle and as the pain grew, she felt her body respond by getting excited and she was actually enjoying the severe paddling. "Now slut jasmine I will give you a reward for being a good slave during the paddling," said Racheal.

Racheal removed her cat suit and from a drawer removed a double dildo strapon which had 8" dildo’s attached to the harness. She slide one into her own wet cunt and tightened the harness so she looked as if she had a big 8" cock attached. Racheal went behind the bent over jasmine (still in the stocks) and inserted the dildo and proceeded to fuck her with long hard strokes. Both Racheal and jasmine both reached orgasm at the same time.

"Thank you Mistress that was wonderful" said jasmine.

"I think it is time for some art work slave and your body will be my canvas," Racheal told jasmine as she released her from the stocks and put her back chained spread-eagled and stretched taunt.

Rachel found a box and showed it to jasmine. Jasmine looked in the box and saw over one hundred clothespins and realized that her body is the canvas.

Slowly over the next two hours, Racheal placed the clothespins all over jasmine’s body paying attention to her breasts, nipples, cunt, labia, belly, arm pits and thighs.

As Racheal pulls a mirror in front of jasmine she sees her body full of multicolored clothespins in circles and loops over her body. Her body had become numb from the pain. As Racheal leaves the room, she tells Jasmine, she will be back in an hour so don’t go anywhere. Jasmine tries to stay still as any movement cause the clothespins to hurt again.

**Chapter 13**

Racheal returned dragging Victoria behind her on a leash. Racheal shoved Victoria to the stocks and locked her in them. "You stupid maid, I found 5 areas not cleaned properly and one broken dish!" said Racheal.

"Sorry Mistress, but with the belt on I could not concentrate properly," Victoria answered.

"No excuses slave, 2 strokes with a cane on your ass for each area missed and 5 across the top of your breasts for the broken dish," Racheal told her.

"Mercy, Mistress please have mercy!" pleaded Victoria.

Racheal had a brilliant idea which while punishing the maid would bring jasmine closer to becoming her slave. "I will give you an option slut maid, you can take the caning from me or from the slave over there stretched in the chains." Racheal told Victoria.

"Oh, Mistress please I will take them from your worthless slave," said Victoria thinking the slave could not be as vicious as Racheal.

"Jasmine would you like to cane the maid for me?" Racheal asked.

"I will do whatever you desire Mistress" jasmine responded.

"While I remove the clothespins from your body, I think the extreme mode of the belt should keep the slut maid from falling asleep," laughed Racheal as she presses a button on the remote.

Victoria felt the shocks shooting from one plug to another alternating from front to rear and screamed in pain, "Please Mistress, I will be a good maid turn the belt off". Racheal laughed and just turned the shocks even stronger.

Racheal the spent the next 10 minutes slowly removing all the clothespins and finally releasing jasmine from the chains after hearing jasmine scream in pain as the blood flowed back into the pinched areas. Jasmine looked at the marks on her body and smiled wearing them proudly.

Together they moved Victoria from the stocks to the hanging chains and quickly she was stretched taunt. The board was strapped under Victoria’s breast forcing them up and exposing them for the caning. Jasmine stretched her body getting the kinks out of it so she could use all her power to cane the maid. Racheal told Victoria to ask jasmine to cane her for being a bad maid.

Victoria said, "Slave jasmine will you please cane me as directed by Mistress Racheal". Racheal could see jasmine was pissed at how the maid was talking to her. "I will gladly cane your worthless body Victoria," jasmine told her.

Racheal told jasmine which drawer in the cabinet she could find the selection of canes. Jasmine picked out a very harsh rattan cane and swished it back and forth to get a feel of it. Victoria saw the cane jasmine picked and knew it was going to be painful, but at least the slave was caning her.

Racheal asked jasmine, "When was the last time you caned someone?".

"The day before I lost the bet and became your slave," jasmine replied.

"Make sure the maid learns a lesson or you will replace her." Racheal said.

"No problem Mistress I will make her suffer." responded jasmine.

Jasmine walked behind the maid and measured the distance for the maximum effect from the cane. SWISH went the cane as it struck the maid’s ass just at the crease between the cheeks and her legs. Victoria screamed as the cane hit her ass and she felt the pain go right through her. "Mercy, Please Mercy" screamed Victoria, as jasmine applied the cane and when done Victoria’s ass had ten parallel welts and some were bleeding.

Victoria slumped in the chains crying and screaming as her ass was a mass of pain. "Now the breasts jasmine just as I did to you the other day," said Racheal.

"Yes Mistress I won’t disappoint you and this is fun!" replied jasmine.

Jasmine moved to the side of Victoria to get a proper position. The rattan cane flashed five times and Victoria’s breasts bounced on the board each time the cane hit them and five bloody stripes graced her now painful swollen breasts. "Thank jasmine, slut maid" Racheal said.

"Thank you slave jasmine for caning me," said Victoria.

Racheal said, "Another 2 stokes on her breasts and hit the nipples this time, and slut maid you will address her as Ms Jasmine".

The cane flew through the air and hit Victoria’s nipples twice as blood squirted from them. "Thank you Ms Jasmine for the proper caning of this worthless maid" Victoria said hoping the punishment would stop.

"Jasmine, release her and remove the control belt and give the maid back her clothes," said Racheal, "and then slut you can leave but be advised your Master will learn of how bad you were".

Racheal went upstairs with jasmine in tow and made dinner which was dropped into a bowl for jasmine to eat and she pissed in a second bowl for her to drink.

After dinner jasmine cleaned the dishes and the kitchen under the supervision of Racheal. They then went upstairs and Racheal stripped and jasmine bathed her completely, before they went to bed where jasmine worshipped her body and made love to Racheal and then fell asleep at the foot of her bed. Racheal just smiled as her plans for jasmine were right on schedule.

In the morning Jasmine was instructed to return to the dungeon and shower and clean herself while Racheal made her breakfast.

As Jasmine was showering, Racheal mixed an aphrodisiac into jasmine’s food, smiling as this was going to be a fun day.

Jasmine, fresh from her shower and potty usage, watched as Racheal, wearing a black nightie and matching thong, entered the dungeon and placed the food and piss bowls on the floor for Jasmine to eat from. Jasmine ate her breakfast thanking Racheal for the tasty food and drink.

Racheal took Jasmine out to the dungeon and told her to lie down on a padded leather covered table. Racheal pulled Jasmine’s hands to the corners above her head and locked them in cuffs and then proceeded to cuff her ankles to the other corners of the bench stretching her taunt on the bench. Racheal removed her thong and told Jasmine to open her mouth and Racheal filled her mouth with the thong securing it in Jasmine’s mouth with a leather strap. Then Racheal blindfolded Jasmine and placed earphones from her IPOD in Jasmine’s ears.

As Jasmine wondered what was going to happen, she started to hear through the earphones the sounds of females having orgasms. As she heard the sounds Jasmine felt her body responding to them.

Jasmine felt something soft moving around her right nipple and it was arousing her and she felt the nipple grow hard. Racheal move the feather around Jasmine’s body lightly and in a way she knew would excite Jasmine stimulating her nerve endings. Jasmine could not believe how much pleasure her body was getting from the sensual touch, and she felt her juices start to flow and was soon breathing heavy. Racheal watched as the feather played with jasmine’s clit how swollen it became and she could hear Jasmine moaning in to the panty gag.

Jasmine was floating in pleasure from the touch of the unknown soft item teasing her body and with each touch, her body wanted more and she had lost total control of it.

Racheal placed the feather on Jasmine’s belly and her finger nail teased the slave’s nipples until they were hard as rocks and she watched as jasmine started cumming. Jasmine felt the orgasm build in her and she had a massive orgasm bucking against the bondage.

As Jasmine tried to relax after her orgasm, she felt something tightening around her right nipple and then around her left nipple. As she started to relax from pleasure Jasmine felt the rings around her nipples start to vibrate and she exploded into the most powerful orgasm she ever had and passed out.

Jasmine woke up and she found herself on the cot in her cell naked except for a collar. She was happier that she had ever been in her life and yet was still confused as to why and she could not imagine what was next for her.



21.12.14

story continues in [**Jasmine becomes a Slave 5: Slave Contract**](jasminebecomesaslave5.html)

o0o
