---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Under Her Winter Spell
authors:
- Majesty Natalie
tags:
- F/m
- mind-control
- hum
- findom
- feet
- mast
- reluct
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-10-02 00:00:00
---

### **Under Her Winter Spell: A Journey Into Femdom Hypnosis**

#### **Chapter 1**

The cabin was beautiful but isolated. It looked a little like a place one might film a holiday Hallmark movie, James thought. Tall pine trees surrounded the humble cabin, all lightly covered with white snow. This high up in the mountains there was already a layer of snow that crunched under his feet as he hauled his suitcase up the front steps of the cabin. There was a bite to the air and he shook snowflakes out of his hair as he unlocked the door.

He pushed it open, finding the place just as cozy on the inside as it appeared on the outside. He supposed it would be the perfect place to get a lot of work done. It was deep in the mountains, away from any town, but close enough to cell towers that the internet was fast and reliable. The interior was pleasant and homey with blankets thrown over the back of chairs, warm rugs, and a fireplace with a stack of wood ready to go beside it. There appeared to be a more modern method of heating as well, since the place was already quite warm. It seemed like the kind of place someone’s grandmother would bake ginger spiced cookies in and sip hot chocolate while watching snow fall outside the windows.

It was beautiful and James was already a bit bored. He settled in quickly, opening his computer to get a bit of work done before going to bed early—it had been a long drive.

The snow that had been falling idyllically on his drive up into the mountains started to fall harder as James slept. It came down in thick flakes that stuck to the window ledges and buried his rental car. By the time James woke up, he was snowed in. By the time lunch rolled around, James became a bit alarmed that he might be snowed in for a while.

His internet still worked, miraculously, but it seemed like his communication with the outside world was impacted by the storm. He was isolated, completely and utterly. It took less than one day for James to get bored of it. He found himself browsing the internet for porn, as one does when they’re trapped in a silent snowy cabin alone.

“Majesty Natalie,” he murmured, reading the name in the caption of the video. It read simply. Majesty Natalie says; watch this video. He figured he might as well.

She was cute, sexy, captivating in a way that the other girls he’d seen weren’t. She was latina and tiny, with big eyes that looked directly in the camera. He found himself playing her video, even though it seemed like it might be more softcore than some of the others he’d scrolled by. She wasn’t even naked in the thumbnail, instead wearing an all white bodysuit that showed off just how small she was. Her small breasts and tight body were perfectly highlighted by the stretchy material, her perky nipples pressing against the fabric. Her legs were bare and tanned, the crotch of the suit pressing against her in a way that made James’ cock surge.

“Hello,” Majesty Natalie said. It wasn’t how most porn James was used to watching started, but he found himself drawn in. Her voice was a little high and bratty, and she practically pouted at the camera, pressing her lips together and raising her doe eyes to look right through the screen to James. “You want to touch yourself to me,” she said, and then she raised her hand and snapped her fingers. “You like this,” she said, running her hand over her chest. It wasn’t a question. James liked it. He wrapped his hand around his cock. “Stroke yourself,” Natalie said, snapping her fingers again. She had tiny hands with thin fingers. James could easily imagine how they’d feel around his cock.

Natalie continued to talk to him on the video, telling him what he should do. And it did feel like she was talking to him, directly to him. There was something personal about the little snaps, something intimate about the way she’d roll her eyes like she had better things to do than tell him to stop stroking for a moment. He groaned as she readjusted herself on the screen, pulling her leg in towards her chest and planting her foot on the mattress. She wore pale pink sneakers on her petite feet.

“Okay, stroke yourself again,” Natalie said, snapping and then moving her hand to her mouth, pressing her thumb against her bottom lip. It made James think about what her bratty little mouth would feel like wrapped around his cock. He could feel his orgasm building. “Have I told you to cum?” Natalie snapped and James flinched. “Say you’re sorry,” she commanded, snapping twice. Somehow she managed to sound both pouty and dominant.

“I’m sorry,” James muttered. It was silly. He knew she couldn’t hear him.

“You’re going to think of me all day,” Natalie said. “You’re going to go to my site and watch more videos.” James felt like he might be hypnotized. He was conscious but all of his thoughts seemed to be filtered through Natalie. He couldn’t stop watching, couldn’t stop listening to everything she said.

“You can cum,” Natalie said, almost dismissively. James had been feeling like he might just die if she didn’t let him soon. As soon as he heard that snap he let go, thinking of Natalie as he came harder than he had in ages.

“Fuck,” he groaned. He closed his laptop but opened it again a moment later, just to make sure the video was actually over.

James felt a little haunted by Natalie. He wasn’t a porn addict by any means but he was beginning to understand what it might feel like for someone who was. He wanted to watch another one of her videos. He wanted to ignore the work he had to do to watch another one. He wanted to skip lunch to watch another one. He kept hearing her voice, hearing that snap, picturing her face. He shook himself. This is weird, he thought. Being in this cabin alone is getting to me.

He opened his computer again. One more couldn’t hurt.

#### **Chapter 2**

Outside the cabin the storm raged on. Online reports said it could last a week, maybe longer. It was being called historic, possibly record-breaking. James hunkered down, preparing for a long time in solitude. Once he discovered Natalie’s main website he quickly purchased a few of her videos. After all, what else was he going to do? And he knew he liked the content, or at least, he’d liked the first one. It was a good distraction, something to occupy him while he was alone in the middle of nowhere.

The videos were similar to the first, with Natalie talking to the camera, telling him—directly, it felt—what to do or just chatting, showing off her body. She was clothed in each, though James did treat himself to an expensive clip of her in only her underwear and in some of the videos she’d let him see her shoulder, her thigh, a tantalizing calf. All the videos he bought were holiday themed, a sort of holiday gift for himself, he reasoned.

In each video, Natalie demanded things of him. She used that bratty voice of hers to make him feel demeaned and seen at the same time. Each time she snapped her little fingers together James felt his heart jump with adrenaline. He had to admit to himself that he was a little infatuated with Natalie. There was something about the way she rolled her eyes at the camera, the way she seemed impatient and annoyed, that made him want to please her, to try and make her happy. Everytime she spoke sent a little jolt through him and his cock responded to both the sound of her voice and the way her tiny, tight body appeared on his laptop.

“Bratty Winter Cash Drain” was the newest video he’d allowed himself to purchase. Well, Natalie told him to buy it, and that snap of her fingers afterwards had made him feel compelled to do so. He’d laughed at himself a little when he’d found himself pausing what he’d been doing (cleaning a dish) to head over to his laptop and do as she’d instructed. The clink of the glass in his hand had reminded him of that snap of hers. It was so silly. He was still in control, he told himself. But it was fun to see how far he’d let this go. He was enjoying himself. It was just for fun.

In “Bratty Winter Cash Drain” Natalie was wearing a baggy sweater without a bra underneath, leggings, and slippers. The bagginess of the sweater somehow did nothing to hide Natalie’s body, instead it showcased it, hanging off her narrow frame in all the right places. Her nipples threatened to poke through the knitted material but they were just hidden from sight. It was infuriating and tempting. The leggings made her athletic little legs look incredible. They had a pattern of pine trees on them and when she rubbed her legs together playfully James groaned.

She was sitting on the edge of her bed, legs tucked to the side, leaning back on her palms. Seeing her in bed made James’ mind go to desperate places. She was so small compared to the mattress. James couldn’t stop thinking about what she’d look like under him.

“You know what makes me feel so annoyed?” Natalie said, wiggling her foot so one of her slippers nearly fell off her foot. She was wearing a fuzzy-looking sock under the slipper but somehow it wrapped around her foot so tightly it was illicit, especially compared to the bulky slipper. “When I have to wear last season’s clothes. Like I have so many people who watch my videos who say they’re here for me, and yet these slippers—” she kicked one off, wiggling her toes dramatically, “—are from last year.”

She huffed out a frustrated sigh. Anytime Natalie made any noise James couldn’t help picturing what she’d sound like taking his cock. He imagined her sighing in pleasure as he filled her tiny pussy. God, he wanted her. “You want to send me money to buy me new slippers,” Natalie said, still pouting. She snapped her fingers. “You want to stop being such a gooner and actually focus on what I’m saying,” she snapped again and James felt his cheeks redden. He hadn’t really been listening, too focused on imagining what her small tits looked like under that sweater. He was being a gooner. “Say sorry.”

“Sorry Natalie,” he mumbled.

“Get out your credit card,” Natalie said. She hadn’t accepted his apology, not yet. James already had the card saved in his laptop from the last time he’d spent money on Natalie. “Send me money. Now,” she added with a snap and a whine. It was impressive how she could be both demanding and maintaining her control. Her brattiness only made James want her more, only made him want to please her the best he could. He sent her some money. Why not, right? “More,” Natalie whined. She untangled her legs and let her heels kick against the side of her bed, throwing a dramatic little fit. James couldn’t stop looking at her socked feet. One of the socks had rolled down to expose an ankle.

James gave her a little more money.

“More,” Natalie said, snapping her fingers. There was less whininess this time, mostly control, demanding. James gave her more.

Okay, James thought. That’s enough for now.

“More?” Natalie asked, raising a cute little eyebrow. She reached her hand down casually and pulled her socks off like she was sick of wearing them, throwing them aside. She pulled her knees up to her chest and curled her toes into the bedsheets. James groaned. He could hardly really see her feet but just seeing the flash of skin and the shape of those toes… he gave her more money as a thank you. He wasn’t even a foot guy. Well, he hadn’t thought he was, but now, even as he closed the computer, he couldn’t stop thinking about Natalie’s feet. He just wanted to touch them. He wondered what they’d feel like in his hands. They were so small.

He needed to give his brain a break from Natalie’s videos. It was echoing in his brain a little too much, her voice playing in his head, her body in his mind’s eye. He remembered the dish he’d abandoned part-way through cleaning it and forced himself to return to the task. His hands were soapy and the plate just needed to be rinsed but he was distracted. He should send Natalie a little more. He could practically hear her snap in his head. He dried his hand and flipped open his laptop. Just a bit more, then he’d put it away. He wasn’t going to get distracted by another video or anything else.

But she’d uploaded something new. It won’t hurt to buy it now, James reasoned. He was already spending money, why not buy two things at once?

You want to spend all your money on me, he heard Natalie say, but the voice was in his head. He added the new video to his cart.

#### **Chapter 3**

James finally managed to pull himself away from Natalie to get a little bit of work done. Only a little. It was like he was haunted by her. As soon as he opened his computer he found himself typing in the address of her website. Everytime he stopped working for even a moment he’d hear her voice in his head.

Fifteen more minutes, he told himself. Then I’ll take a break and watch a video. It was silly, but it was like he missed her. He wasn’t delusional or anything but he did think of Natalie as his online girlfriend a little bit. He had to keep her happy like a real girlfriend. He had to buy her gifts. He had to get off to her. He hadn’t even thought about another girl since he’d discovered Natalie. It was like she was the only girl he needed. All of his desires—conscious and subconscious—were fulfilled by Natalie.

She had unlocked something in him. He’d never felt compelled with anyone the way he felt compelled by Natalie.

“I miss her,” he said out loud, evidence that he was going stir crazy, evidence he shouldn’t be alone any longer. Evidence that he needed to see Natalie. He closed out of his work and checked Natalie’s page. He’d just rewatch one of the ones he’d seen already, he promised himself. But it was like Natalie was reading his mind and she’d uploaded something new, just for him.

“Watch it,” he could imagine her saying, snapping her fingers. “Pay for a new video. When you rewatch an old one you’re depriving me of your money that I deserve.”

James never wanted to deprive Natalie of anything. He clicked the new video, purchasing it instantly since he’d enabled automatic purchases on her site (by her request). It made it so he didn’t overthink things, just submitted to Natalie’s whim.

“Cozy Sock Domination” was the name of the latest holiday-themed video. Natalie was lounging across a pristine white couch, her tanned skin contrasting with the fabric. String lights on the wall behind her cast her room in a warm glow. James closed his eyes for a moment, imagining she was with him. He thought she’d probably smell like expensive lotion. Something tropical, maybe.

He pictured her on the couch in the cabin, her socked feet in his lap. He’d massage her feet while she talked to him. He thought about how they’d feel in his hands, so small and warm and alive. Maybe she’d wiggle her toes against his palm…

In the video she was wearing a teenie tiny little top and a black skirt to match. A patch of her smooth stomach was visible between her clothes. The way she was laying made her skirt slide up her thighs, so much skin on display that James felt his cock instantly stiffen. He freed himself from his pants, wrapping his hand around his cock as he took in her body. He could see her chest rise and fall with her breath. Her hair was done up in her typical ponytails and she twirled one idly with a finger.

James was so impressed by Natalie. The way she could be both laid back and authoritative, bratty and in charge. God, he loved her. It was silly, sure, but he knew it was true as she turned those doe eyes to the camera a full minute after the video had begun. She was taking her time. She was making him wait for her. He would wait for her forever. Whatever she wanted he wanted to do.

“Touch your little dick,” Natalie said with the customary snap. James had never thought his dick was overly small before but once Natalie said it he thought it might be little after all. He felt guilty that he hadn’t waited for Natalie to tell him to start stroking himself so he sent her some money as an apology.

“You love being a stupid simp for me,” Natalie told James with a sigh, like the fact bored her a bit. It was true. James had previously thought the word simp was a little offensive, a little demeaning. He would have been insulted if anyone had called him it but from Natalie it felt like a compliment. Whatever she wanted him to be he’d be. He was a stupid simp. He moved his hand up and down on his cock, watching the way she shifted on the couch cushions, her skirt moving to show more skin, different skin.

“Imagine getting to touch me,” Natalie said, running her hand from the top of her fuzzy sock up her thigh, her hand moving painfully slow across her smooth brown skin. James couldn’t stop imagining it. “Send me money,” Natalie said suddenly, snapping her fingers. It was a test of his obedience. He wasn’t going to fail. He quickly sent her some money. “Good,” she said but it was barely praise, it was her acknowledging that he’d done his purpose successfully, he’d met her expectation.

She yawned and lifted one of her fuzzy feet, wagging it at the camera.

“You can think about what it would feel like to have my feet on your lap,” she allowed, wiggling her toes. “Me pressing my toes into your pubic bone, the arch of my foot on your cock. You’d be so lucky. Do you deserve it?” With the hand that wasn’t bringing him closer and closer to his orgasm, James sent her some more money. He wasn’t sure if he deserved her yet, but he was damn sure he was going to try to be worthy of her.

“You worship my feet,” she said, confident and bratty and bored. The snap wasn’t necessary to convince James but it helped make it fact. Yes, he worshiped her feet. “You’re such a pathetic little follower,” Natalie said. “You’d do anything for my tiny feet, wouldn’t you?”

She rolled down the side of one of her socks and James groaned out loud, pre-cum oozing from his stiff cock.

“God, how sad,” Natalie said. “You’re going to cum without even seeing them, aren’t you? You can’t help yourself.” Each fact was punctuated with her fingers snapping. “You’re going to cum without even knowing what they feel like,” she continued, grabbing both her feet in her hands, touching them herself. James felt dizzy with desire. “Cum,” she said with an annoyed sigh. “Now,” she added with a snap. James came, letting out a heavy moan as he did so, shooting his load across his stomach. He was surprised by how much he came but Natalie had a way of making him empty his balls the way other women didn’t.

“Thank you, Natalie,” he said as one last twitch of his cock sent the final bit of cum shooting from his cock.

“Clean yourself up, you’re disgusting,” Natalie said. “You look like a pig living in a pigsty. Gooner pig. Once you’ve cleaned yourself up, send me money to thank me.” Snap. “Then buy another video.” Snap. “Don’t disappoint me.” Snap. The tone of her voice made it sound like he already had.

James cleaned himself up, feeling a little silly once the computer was closed. He was aware that he was acting strange, but he felt almost drugged. Following Natalie’s commands felt good. Besides, he reasoned, what else was there to do? It was like a game. He knew, logically, that he wasn’t her gooner pig. At least, he was pretty sure he knew it. But he cleaned the cabin a bit anyway, thinking about what she might say if she saw it, imagining her there with him. It was almost an unconscious choice and he felt embarrassed when he realized what he was doing. It’s fine, he told himself. I’m only going to play along until I leave here. Well, maybe I’ll still watch her videos, but I won’t get so into them, so obsessed. He was quite fooling himself, not anymore.

#### **Chapter 4**

It hadn’t snowed in a few days but the cold had kept the snow firmly in place, not a chance of it melting and allowing James to leave. He was firmly snowed in and when he glanced out the window he noticed it had begun to snow once more. He was feeling almost itchy from solitude and it was hard not to get a bit of cabin fever. Not knowing when his next moment of human contact would be made James nervous. At least he had Majesty Natalie. When he watched her clips, he felt less alone. When he played her videos, it was easy to forget his anxieties about being snowed in.

She was his only connection to the outside world, but despite this, James found he didn’t really mind. If he had to choose one person on Earth to be connected to for the rest of his life, it would be Natalie.

By midday, the fat flakes had started to fall harder and wind whipped the snow around the windows, burying him in. He paid the extra fee to download some of his favorite videos of Natalie, just in case. But while he was still connected to the internet he decided to try and watch as many clips as he could. His work was completely discarded. It didn’t really matter, anyway. Not compared to Natalie. He needed her to stay sane, he told himself. If he focused on working he’d lose his mind. Natalie was his only savior. His goddess, his queen.

Winter Feet Worship was her latest video. Natalie was somewhere cozy, and though it was luxurious and richly decorated and not much like his homey cabin, it made him imagine her there with him.

She was wearing a soft-looking dress with long sleeves. It clung close to her body and ended at her knees where tall knitted socks decorated with snowflakes covered her legs. A fire crackled behind her and James quickly jumped up to start a fire in his cabin, too, wanting his environment to be as close as Natalie’s as possible, as if making them similar could somehow make her appear through the computer and be with him.

“It’s cold out here, isn’t it?” Natalie asked, giving a fake shiver that made her hair, which she’d worn down for once, tucked behind her ears, tumble over her shoulders. He wanted to run his hands through it so badly. “Any idea on how we can keep warm?” she asked, and James couldn’t stop imagining wrapping his arms around her body, running his hands up and down her, warming her. She curled her lip in disgust and snapped her finger. “Don’t be perverted,” she said. “As if I’d ever do that with you. You’re just a human wallet to me. You haven’t earned it.”

Of course, he thought. I haven’t earned it. I’m not worthy of her, not yet. Someday I’ll learn to be.

“If you’re lucky you could find warmth at my feet,” Natalie offered. She shifted her stance, moving her little feet on the carpeted floor below her, glancing down as if she could see the same thing he could: him kneeling at her feet. She tipped her leg forward just a little and he pictured himself pressing his head against her thigh, a puppy leaning against his master.

If James was capable of feeling anything besides desire, admiration, and love for Natalie he might have been concerned to find himself kneeling in front of his laptop, which he’d set on the coffee table. He hadn’t remembered deciding to kneel but the submission thrummed through him with correctness. This was where he was supposed to be. Natalie snapped her fingers and it was cemented. This was his place.

“You exist to worship me,” Natalie reminded him, snapping her fingers again, anchoring him in his place below her. “Worship me forever,” she said, and the command was unbreakable. Why would he want to disobey? Why would he ever want anything else? This was his life, his place, his purpose.

Usually when James closed his laptop he felt a little woozy, a little like he’d been asleep and he was groggily waking up. Natalie’s videos put him in a kind of trance, almost, and he sometimes had to shake himself and remember what was real. But lately even once the computer was closed and Natalie wasn’t on his screen James was still fully under her spell. Of course, he’d heard her voice and her snapping fingers in the back of his mind from day one. And he’d been thinking of her constantly. What she looked like, what she might smell like. God, what she might feel like. But now he was struggling to remember what was real and what was not. He was struggling to remember why the distinction mattered. He had Natalie, what else could he need? So what if he thought of her constantly? Why shouldn’t he?

James sat still, considering. He was looking at the floor. It felt good to look at the floor, subservient. He thought Natalie would probably like it, the way his head was tipped down worshipfully. He decided to keep looking at the floor and he could almost hear Natalie make a pleased “hm” noise, the closest she got to praise.

He stood, still casting his eyes downward, and began to clean up his space again. It was already immaculate but he wasn’t quite sure what to do with himself if he wasn’t watching Natalie’s videos or making the cabin presentable for her. He swept the floor but it didn’t feel like it was enough. He grabbed the dustpan and dropped to the floor, feeling the hardwood below his knees. This was better, this was more like it. He used the small brush from the dustpan to sweep the rest of the floor, keeping his eyes low, his head bowed, his cock stiff from the pleasure of knowing he was doing what his goddess would want him to do.

#### **Chapter 5**

James clicked on Holiday Netflix and Financial Drain. He wasn’t sure what day it was. He wasn’t sure how long he’d been in the cabin. The snow could have been gone or it could have been worse. He didn’t know. It could have already been spring. He didn’t care. He’d lost himself fully in Natalie, which was to say he’d found himself. He didn’t remember who he was or what he’d lived for before. Now he was Natalie’s and he lived for one thing, to please her. He didn’t regret it for one moment.

“Watching movies on Netflix is one of my favorite winter activities,” Natalie said. She was in bed, a fuzzy blanket wrapped around her body. Her shoulders peeked out from under the blanket, completely bare. Her skin looked smooth and tan and perfect against the blanket. When she shimmied to get cozy the blanket rode down and James could make out the shape of her collarbones. His eyes took in her neck, her shoulders, her face. The rest of her was hidden so completely that it made the parts of her she allowed him to see hold even more significance. She slid a hand out from under the blanket and he watched her fingers, transfixed, as she clicked buttons on a remote. “Send me a hundred dollars if you want to be here with me right now.” She patted the bed beside her. James sent her two hundred.

He was imagining what her tiny tight body would feel like pressed against his, the warmth of her, the way he’d be able to feel her breathe. James wasn’t sure if he was a movie-watching guy or not, he couldn’t remember. But since it was apparently one of Natalie’s favorite things to do it was his, too. He pulled a blanket over himself.

“We could watch a stupid rom com and I could tell you how idiotic the guy is, how similar to you he is,” she said. “Are you masturbating you dumb simp?” She asked, James nodded.

“Yes, princess,” he murmured.

“Are you touching your disgusting dick thinking about what I look like under this blanket? What it would be like to pull it off of me? Would you disturb your goddess’s warmth and coziness to be so selfish? Send me money to apologize, you stupid gooner slut.” There was the customary snap. James didn’t hesitate to send her apology money. He didn’t wonder how low his bank account was getting. He could always switch to the company card if he needed to. Natalie was worth every penny.

Slowly Natalie began to give him jerk-off instructions, telling him how fast to stroke his cock, showing him how she wanted his hand to look by holding hers up to the camera. Even imagining her fingers on him was enough to make him groan in pleasure. As she moved her hand up and down, showing him what she wanted him to do, the blanket slipped lower on her chest, revealing the top swell of her tiny breast. It wasn’t enough to show him her nipple but close, tantalizingly close.

“You’re not allowed to cum until I say so,” Natalie told him. Of course not. He wouldn’t dream of disobeying her. Every fiber of his being wanted to please his goddess. But it was getting hard to resist. His cock was dripping pre-cum, aching in his hand. Natalie didn’t want him to stop slowly touching himself but he couldn’t cum, either. It was the most delicious torture James had ever experienced. He wanted to suffer for his princess every day.

“Every time you have to stop you need to send me money,” Natalie said, voice a mix between boredom and annoyance. She snapped. “Like now,” she added, rolling those doe eyes. James moaned and sent her more money. “Oh, I’ll need more money than that if you ever want to cum.” So he sent her more because he needed to cum. He didn’t want to let her down but he was only so strong. “More,” Natalie said and of course James complied.

Every time he clicked that button his cock twitched in his hand. Natalie had him trained like a dog, financial surrender and pleasure tied so closely together they became the same thing.

“Send me more than you’ve ever sent before,” Natalie said. “And then you can cum.”

James did as he was told. At least, he tried to, but when he tried to process the payment he received an error message that there weren’t enough funds for the transaction. He gasped with desperation, so close to his edge. That wasn’t what felt the worst, however. He was letting Natalie down. He couldn’t let her down.

One hand still around his cock he hurriedly found the company card, filling in the details as quickly as he could. He sent her more than he was planning as an apology for the delay and masturbated furiously as he waited for it to go through. As soon as the screen popped up confirming his purchase he tipped his head back and exhaled, allowing himself—only with Natalie’s permission, of course—to cum. He came thinking of how wonderful it felt to give her everything. Despite the stress of having to get a new card it was rewarding in a way, too. He’d drained a bank account for Natalie. He was fulfilling his purpose.

His cum shot from him in thick loads, hitting his stomach, oozing into his hand. He didn’t stop cumming until his mind slowed, racing at thoughts of being financially linked to Natalie. He imagined giving her even more and his tired cock twitched in his palm. His body and his brain were fully ingrained in his obedience to her.

James sighed, cleaning himself up. Natalie didn’t like slobbish gooners. She wanted him to look presentable for her. So he cleaned himself and then he cleaned the area around him, too, which had already turned messy as he’d spent the day absorbed in Natalie’s videos, leaving his dishes beside him, a pile of dirty towels on the coffee table, his cum drying in them. He could see now how disgusting he was, how disappointed Natalie would be—no, was. Natalie was disappointed in him. This was her cabin, James realized. This is where he’d met her, this was where he’d started to worship her.

The cabin was an altar to her, and here he was, desecrating it. Shame and self-disgust filled James as he hurried to make her cabin worthy of her presence again. He wouldn’t let this happen again. He’d be better. He thought of those fingers snapping, her brattish lips pushed into a disappointed frown. He sent her more on the company card, his dick stiffening as he did so. He downloaded another video.

#### **Chapter 6**

This isn’t right, James said, fighting with himself. I’m supposed to give everything I have to Natalie. My time, my money, my attention. I’m not supposed to waste my time working. But he had to. If he wanted to give Majesty Natalie more money he had to make more. He’d received an email from his boss about the large purchase on the company card. The email had also commented on the amount of work James was behind.

James had been with his company for a while and they trusted him, they knew he’d get it done, they were sure this was a big misunderstanding. For James, the email had felt a little like having a bucket of cold water dumped over his head while he was sleeping. He responded back that his internet had been shabby, the purchase was a mistake, he’d meant to use his personal card and he’d of course pay the company back.

At the time he’d thought, get your shit together James, you have an addiction. Natalie isn’t your real life. This is your real life. He’d showered and changed the bedsheets from the soft pink blankets he’d found in the closet that he thought Natalie would like to the original blue sheets. He’d shaken himself, giving himself a stern lecture. He was a little alarmed by how fully and completely he’d gotten absorbed in the world of this random girl on the internet. He was going to focus on work—his reason for being here.

But then he’d tried to delete her clips, to log out of her website. To do so he had to look at her. He had to remember what her bratty voice sounded like. He’d realized that the subtle sound of snapping fingers had been playing in the back of his mind all day. It was getting harder to ignore.

James had always thought he had pretty good self-control. He wasn’t addicted to anything. He’d smoked cigarettes for a very short time in college and quit on his own without a problem. He considered himself to be strong-willed. But as soon as he saw Natalie everything came crashing back.

Fine, he couldn’t delete the clips yet. He closed the computer, trying to take a moment to get ahold of himself. But now he realized what he’d been avoiding thinking about earlier—Natalie had already permeated the cabin. Her presence was everywhere. Her snap echoed in his mind, the sound of it reverberating in every corner of the cozy cabin. Her voice was like the wind outside the windows, pressing in. The softness of the snow outside reminded James of the way he felt when he watched her clips.

The gentle blankets, the smell of the last fire he’d made, even the soup he was cooking for lunch—all of it reminded him of Natalie. Natalie was the entire winter season to him now. Everything cold was Natalie’s absence. Everything warm was her presence. She’d wrapped herself in his mind, into the floorboards, into his very soul. Resisting was hard, especially when James was struggling to remember why he wanted to resist in the first place.

He reopened his computer, scrolling through her website, her socials, her clips. Why would he ever think he didn’t want this, didn’t need this? Natalie was his life. He was happier this way. Inside him, something clicked into place. He felt whole. He felt content. He opened a new video, sighing as he sat back onto the couch, unzipping his pants.

“Cozy fires and giving me all your money,” Natalie said. “That’s the spirit of the season.” She was leaning against a brick wall, toys lined up beside her. In the background a fire crackled. James groaned. There was a vibrating wand, a bubblegum pink buttplug, dildos. Imagining them inside his Natalie, pressed against her pussy, even just in her hand, was enough to make him lightheaded with desire. “Oh, and buying me things,” she said. She was wearing a cropped sweater and leggings, her feet clad in small sneakers that still seemed almost too large for her tiny feet.

“Some of you have already gotten me some things off my wishlist,” she said, gesturing to the sex toys. “Some of you dummy click sluts haven’t. You know who you are. What I don’t know is why? Am I not worth it to you? Do you have better things to do? Of course not. Your life is nothing without me. I’m all you think about. I’m the only priority in your life. So where are your gifts to show your appreciation?” She complained without whining, her voice high and attractive. She snapped her fingers three times in a row, each time making James feel like he was being electrocuted. “Hurry,” she said. “Express shipping. Get me something good to make up for making me wait.”

James sent her some money—with the company card, which he’d saved onto her site—as an apology but he knew it wasn’t enough. He was going to buy her gifts, too. Maybe he’d buy everything off her wishlist. He felt awful, so guilty and disgusted with himself. It wasn’t that he hadn’t known about the wishlist or the fact that Natalie wanted gifts. It was that he’d always told himself he’d buy her something after this video or that video, but he’d never done it. Instead, he’d clicked on a new video. He’d been selfish, so selfish. What a horrible day.

He didn’t deserve the pleasures of the Fireside Financial Ruin video, where Natalie was listing all the ways in which giving his money to her was as good for him as it was for her. He didn’t deserve to see her next to those sex toys, to imagine her lovely body quivering as she used them.

He felt a little better as he sent her money, then more. He opened the wishlist in another tab, not giving himself a chance to forget it again. The toys beside Natalie had clearly been the cheapest of the things on the list, though they were far from inexpensive. Only the best for Natalie, naturally. James couldn’t help but think he was going to fulfill his purpose so well when he bought her something. The only things left were thousands of dollars, shining jewelry and designer clothes, trips to tropical places, a car.

James bought her a pair of custom made sneakers, womens size five, a diamond encrusted anklet he was dying to see against her tanned skin, and a vacation to Fiji. As soon as the money was spent he felt so much better. He briefly remembered that he’d spent the morning fighting to break out of Natalie’s control. He couldn’t remember why. This felt so good, surrendering. Being fully under her whim. He was at peace.

#### **Chapter 7**

James hadn’t been paying much attention to the weather, but he happened to look out the window and realize the storm was getting worse. He hardly noticed and didn’t care. He had Natalie, what use did he have for the rest of the world? In the back of his mind somewhere he was a little concerned about just how closed off he was, how inaccessible the little cabin had become. But it wasn’t important. His internet was still working and he had hours and hours of content from Natalie downloaded onto his device. He was a bit concerned about what he’d do when the storage was full, but he figured he’d cross that bridge when he got there.

He’d fully turned the cabin into a shrine for Natalie. He wrote her letters and tacked them under a hand-drawn picture of her. He cleaned it meticulously. He scrubbed and cleaned places he’d never considered cleaning before; behind the toilet, on the top of doors, under the couch. Everything was spotless. Everything was kept up to the standards he thought Natalie would have for him.

James had never felt such comfort before anywhere. The cabin was better than his childhood home. It was better than the first apartment he’d gotten by himself, that symbol of independence. It was nicer than that vacation rental he’d gone to with his friends that time. There was nowhere else he could imagine being, nowhere better than this for him. This was the place where he’d discovered Natalie. This was where he could feel her influence. This was where he’d found himself.

James clicked on a new video: Snowed-In Goon Challenge. It was made specifically for him. He didn’t know how many followers Natalie had exactly but somehow every video felt like it was crafted just for him. When she fluttered her lashes of those outrageous eyes at the camera it was like she was looking right at him. He didn’t want to disappoint her in what she saw.

Natalie’s voice was hypnotic, bratty, arrogant, perfect, beautiful. She commented on the weather, saying it was perfect for submission. James agreed.

“Pull out your dick,” Natalie said with a snap. She pulled out a bright blue dildo, setting it on the bed in front of her. James groaned as he freed himself from his pants. Seeing her with the dildo was enough to drive his imagination wild. Natalie looked incredible today. She always did. She was wearing comfortable looking pajama bottoms (blue to match the dildo with little snowmen decorating them) and a cream colored crop top, white sneakers and a ribbon tied into each of her ponytails. She kicked her feet absentmindedly.

Her fingers were done up with snowflakes painted on her perfect nails. She wrapped one of her hands around the base of the dildo, snapping at James to do the same to his own cock. He quickly did. He felt the slight stubble of his pubic hair—he’d been shaving it for Natatlie, she hadn’t asked him to but he couldn’t stand the idea of her being disappointed or grossed out by him in any way so he’d done so himself.

“Do exactly as I do,” Natalie said, clicking those fingers together to drive her command home. James felt it through his body like a physical shock, this need to obey her, the power of her words and her fingers. “And don’t cum until I tell you to. That should be obvious but I know you stupid little gooners don’t think clearly. Oh and you don’t need to snap, just obey me when I do. Got it? Do I need to repeat it for you slowly? Send me money if you understand. Now.”

James quickly did as he was told, then watched, transfixed, as his goddess held out her hand that wasn’t touching the dildo. She showed it to the camera and James mimicked her motion, holding it out prayerfully. Then she brought it to her mouth and spit.

James gasped aloud. It was so fucking illicit to hear her mouth make that noise, to see her face make that expression, to see her saliva pool in her palm. He hadn’t even started to stroke himself and he was already as hard as a rock, aching with desire. He spit in his own palm, then followed her movements, smearing his saliva on the tip of his cock.

“You’re a loser,” Natalie said, making a face. James was a loser. He knew it. Somehow the shame only made him hornier, which made him feel more ashamed. It was a terrible cycle. It was incredible. He was so turned on he felt high. “You only exist to please me,” she continued, slowly stroking the dildo. “Say it.” She paused stroking to snap at James but he continued to move his hand on himself.

“I’m a loser,” James said. “I only exist to please my goddess.”

“Your entire life is shaped by how much you need me,” Natalie said cruelly. James nodded. Natalie’s hand stilled on the dildo which was torturous since James was already so close to orgasming. Natalie did that to him, made him feel desire in a way he never had before. She kept the hand around the dildo completely still except for her thumb, which she casually caressed, moving back and forth. When James repeated the motion on his own cock he curled his toes in the carpet below him, trying not to cum.

“You’re such a cum slut,” Natalie said with a girlish giggle.

“I’m a cum slut,” James agreed miserably. Except was it really misery if he enjoyed it?

Natalie leaned forward and spit on the tip of the dildo, a line of saliva dripping from her mouth to the tip. James cried with wild desire. There was no one to hear him mewling like an animal but his cheeks flared with embarrassment anyway. It was how Natalie would want him to feel.

He copied her motion, letting his spit wet his dick. Natalie started to use both hands, rubbing in the spit, stroking fast and steady. James knocked his head back against the couch, pressing his eyes closed, willing his body not to betray Natalie in cumming too soon. He needed to. The feeling was overwhelming. He couldn’t let her down.

“Stop!” Natalie said with a laugh. She snapped and threw both of her hands in the air, leaving the dildo alone. James released his cock with a groan. “Okay, again.” And again and again. Natalie edged him for an hour and James hadn’t realized he could survive even a minute longer, let alone sixty. But she was hypnotic and commanding and he wanted to please her more than he wanted anything, so he forced himself to endure for his princess.

“Drop to your knees,” Natalie demanded. James did. “You can cum,” she said, finally, giving a little shrug. James cried out as his orgasm rocked through him, shooting load after load on his lap, his chest. Some even hit his face. His hands were slicked with cum and spit so wiping it away was a messy process. He was such a dirty slut for his Natalie. Disgusting. Submissive. Hers.

#### **Chapter 8**

Outside the storm was reaching its peak. James would have known, if he’d looked outside the window. He would have known if he’d checked the weather. He didn’t notice.

It was a rare moment for James, one where Majesty Natalie’s videos weren’t playing. His laptop had been overheating lately since he’d downloaded so many of her videos. He was letting it cool and thinking about the new one he’d ordered (he’d bought Natalie one, too. He didn’t know if she needed one or wanted one, but he liked the idea of them having the same thing). Though James wasn’t watching Natalie’s videos, he was far from free of her influence. James’ every thought, every action, every moment was taken over by Natalie. Before he ate, he thought about if Natalie would want him to consume whatever it was. Would Natalie think he was getting fat? Would she think he was too skinny? Before he went to sleep he prayed to her, apologizing for pausing in his active worship to sleep. He dreamed about her, her snaps like a metronome in the background of his dreams about her skin, her feet, her pigtails, her eyes.

James wouldn’t do anything unless he thought Natalie would approve. If it had been possible, he would have waited for her command to breathe. He’d never imagined submission so complete. In truth, he’d never thought about submission much at all until he stumbled upon his Natalie. Now he thought about nothing else. He was fully shaped by her, her will, her desires, his interpretations of what she’d want from him.

He couldn’t take anymore, he needed her now. He fired his laptop back up. It was still warm but it had to work. He needed Natalie like he needed air. He found the video he was looking for.

In it she was wearing underwear. The fact of that alone was enough to make the video a favorite for James. Most of her body was still covered from his view—of course it was, he didn’t deserve her—but knowing she was in nothing but a bra and panties was enough to drive James crazy. They were tight briefs and a sports-bra type fitting bra, green and decorated with pugs wearing hats and holiday lights. They showed off her tight little ass, the small swell of those tiny breasts. She looked like she was modeling them. James was so distracted admiring her that he realized he hadn’t been listening to what she was saying. Guilt coursed through him. What a stupid gooner.

“Doesn’t it feel so good?” Natalie asked, her voice dripping with arousal, practically a moan. This was James’ favorite video, he thought. “Giving up control? God, it’s the sexiest thing you can do.” James nodded. Giving up control to Natalie had been the best thing he’d ever done. “There’s nothing sexier than submission,” Natalie said. Then she said it again, and again. Perhaps James was only hearing the words repeated in her pretty, bratty, hypnotic voice. There’s nothing sexier than submission. He heard those words when he woke in the morning. He heard those words before he went to click on a new video, before sending her more money.

“I can’t imagine anything more pleasurable for you,” Natalie continued. James couldn’t either. What could possibly be better? Nothing. Nothing. “What more could a stupid goon like yourself hope for other than complete submission?”

“Nothing, goddess,” James murmured.

“Nothing,” Natalie said. She smiled at the camera. It was a mean sort of smile, one that said I’m better than you. James had never seen anything more beautiful. “Your tiny little dick gets so hard when you think about obeying me,” she said. Snap. “You fantasize about getting to lick the ground after I’ve walked across it.” Snap. “You’d sell everything you own for the chance to sleep at my feet for a night.” Snap. “You feel liberated when you give everything to me.” Snap. “You exist to please me.” Snap. “You love being nothing more than a human wallet for me.” Snap. “You’d die to kneel at my feet.” Snap. “You feel so horny just thinking about how worthless you are, how much your life belongs to me.” Snap.

It was like the words were just for him. Everything he’d ever fantasized about, everything he’d ever wanted. She had freed him, showed him what his life was supposed to be. To him, Natalie had stopped being a creator on a screen long ago. She’d become his purpose, his life, his goddess in the most original sense of the word—someone to worship, someone with power over the universe, his life, everything. James couldn’t remember what it had been like to live without her influence. All he could remember was feeling purposeless, lost, incomplete. No more. He had Natalie and she had him. All of him.

#### **Chapter 9**

James was happy. He wasn’t sure if he’d ever been happy like this before, fully, completely happy to his core. It was an emotion bigger than happiness, really. Contentment, perhaps. The feeling of finding out what he was meant to do and then doing it. Now that he’d given in, he allowed himself to experience the pleasure that came with submission. Natalie had been right, of course. There was no greater joy in the world.

James was feeling both particularly submissive and particularly happy (they went hand in hand, anyway) today. His savings account was empty. He had felt a bit like an idiot when he remembered that it wasn’t linked to his debit card and he’d promptly transferred all of his money into his spending account. After that it hadn’t taken long for him to give Natalie everything he’d saved up over his life. Really, it was impressive. He felt proud of himself, though he was guilty for feeling so (Natalie wouldn’t be pleased so James felt bad, he only felt good when he deserved to feel good, when he made her happy). He wondered if anyone had ever given her that much money in one go before. Was he the most obedient human wallet she had? He hoped so.

Most of the money had been gifted to her directly, a tithe to the only god that mattered in James’ life. The rest he’d spent on downloading every one of her videos onto both his old laptop and his new one. He subscribed to her accounts, bought her gifts, and paid to have a pair of her socks shipped to himself as a special treat, a holiday gift for himself. And now his bank accounts were empty and his heart was full. He’d been smart enough to take out as many credit cards as he could before he drained his accounts and started to ruin his credit, so he was far from done being useful to his princess.

The day was not just perfect because he had fat zeros in his account where he used to have money, it was also perfect because Natalie had posted a new video. She posted one most days, but that didn’t take away from how incredible they were, it only made most days perfect to James. He purchased it and downloaded it on both his computers, then settled himself in to watch.

“My comfort matters above all else,” Natalie was saying. The title of the video was You Love Keeping Me Cozy. He did, he loved keeping her cozy. “You exist to make my life as good as possible.” She didn’t need to snap to keep him hooked on every word but she did. He was glad for it. The sound of her fingers was a comfort, when she thwacked them together it was like she was strumming a chord in his soul.

Natalie was looking cozy wearing an oversized sweater and not much else, her tan legs sticking out from under the knitted fabric, smooth and sensuous. Her hair was braided back into her customary pigtails and she wore baggy socks on her feet. She moved her feet subtly, rubbing them together, small little things that caught James’ eye with every movement. Around her were a dozen blankets—they’d been up on her website to gift her and it seemed James wasn’t the only one who had purchased one for her. She had a gigantic stuffed animal yeti beside her, leaning that small tight body on it in a way that made James ache. His chest swelled; he’d bought her that stuffed animal. Every day he thought he was feeling as great as he possibly could and then Natalie would teach him about a new level of joy. Seeing her looking comfortable and adorable beside something he bought her was a new high.

“You love devoting all your time and money to me,” Natalie said. It was really more like a sneer but coming from Natalie’s adorable little mouth it sounded like music. “You’re nothing but a click slut, a follower, a wallet with a dick.” She snapped her fingers. “Oh, but you love it so much.” He did. He loved it so much. “You want to keep me this comfortable forever,” Natalie said, wrapping a blanket around her body, squeezing it to her chest. She wrapped her leg around it so her bare calf and tiny foot was exposed and James groaned.

“Yes, Goddess,” he murmured.

“Touch yourself,” Natalie said with a dismissive wave. James’ cock was out in an instant. “Stroke yourself thinking about how horny it makes you to spend your money on me.” Snap. “When you move your hand up and down on that gross dick of yours, think about how good it feels when you give in to my commands—that freedom you feel.” James thought about it, pre-cum oozing out of his tip as he remembered the feeling thumping through him. “Think about how good I feel right now,” Natalie instructed, writhing against the blankets. It was enough to make James want to cum. Only Natalie could get him so close to cumming so fast. He slowed his pace and did as she said, imagining how she must feel wrapped in her blankets, cozy and safe, loved and worshiped. He wanted her to feel that way forever.

Natalie snapped and spoke, instructed and mused, and James hung onto every word, doing exactly as she said. This never got old. It didn’t matter how often he stroked himself at the exact speed she wanted, the exact rhythm she requested, it never lost its thrill, its significance. He was doing this for Natalie. He existed for Natalie.

“Cum for me,” she said and James did, moaning her name as his cock released his seed in wave after wave of pleasure. He couldn’t exactly remember what masturbating before Natalie had been like, but he knew it hadn’t felt this good. When he released, he released more than just his orgasm. It was his mind, his heart, his control, his life. “Natalie,” he groaned again. She was all there was in the world, in his world. He wouldn’t have changed it for anything.

#### **Chapter 10**

It wasn’t spring but it seemed like it. The end of the storm had animals that had been hidden away coming out, filling the air with birdsong and squirrel chatter in a way that made the mountains seem alive. The air was bright, hopeful, alive. That morning, a man in a plow truck had cleaned the remaining snow off James’ driveway. James had pretended he wasn’t home, locking himself in his room with Natalie. Or, with a video of Natalie. It felt like she was there though, he felt her presence beside her as he hunkered down and waited for the man to leave.

James didn’t care what season it felt like outside, how pretty the bird song was, how bright the sun was shining. He wasn’t going to leave the cabin. Not now, not ever. He could have groceries delivered. He didn’t need much. A little food, a little water, and Natalie. Everything else he could do without.

The cabin was where he’d met Natalie and he felt her in every inch of the walls, every stitch of the carpets, every scent in the air. He couldn’t leave. Besides, there was nothing in the rest of the world for him now. His life was Natalie. His cabin was his sanctuary. He’d made it into a temple and they’d have to martyr him to make him leave. In the cabin, there was nothing for him to do except devote himself to Natalie. He could spend his time worshiping her, could cut out everything that didn’t matter.

“Surrender everything,” Natalie said with a snap. The video was called Total Financial Destruction, and it was one of James’ favorites. They were all his favorites. “Everything you have you should give to me,” Natalie suggested, but it wasn’t really a suggestion but a command. A snap punctuated her point. “You love draining your bank accounts to give me more and more.”

Every time James thought he’d run out of money to give Natalie he discovered more. Every time he gave her what he’d found he felt freshly freed, freshly euphoric. His bank accounts were empty, yes, but some of the credit cards had yet to reach their spending limits. And he’d talked his bank into letting him access his retirement fund early. Even so, he was almost completely broke. He didn’t feel broke. He felt like he had more than he’d ever had before. Not of money, but of everything else.

Natalie was wearing a sheer shirt, short enough to expose her midriff, sheer enough that her exquisite nipples were just barely visible. It was enough to make James feel shaky with desire. It made him dizzy to see her hard nipples, to imagine them brushing against the fabric, to follow their movement as Natalie gave a heavy exhale, annoyed. She wore a necklace with a diamond encrusted snowflake pendant dangling between her small breasts and thigh high socks that ended nearly where her skirt began. She was a work of art. She moved a hand up to her chest, her finger grazing her nipple accidently and James shuddered.

“Your life belongs to me,” Natalie said, pressing her hand against her chest meaningfully. It was like she was pressing his face there, letting him feel her body heat, inhale her scent. He knew it was more than he deserved. He’d do all he could to make himself worthy of it. “Everything you own should be mine,” she added. He agreed. “Give it to me,” Natalie said, bratty voice a perfect mix between sexual and annoyed. When she said “give it to me,” she was talking about his possessions, of course, but he couldn’t stop himself from thinking about her telling him to fuck her. Oh to be worthy of such a gift. “Now,” Natalie snapped.

James fumbled for a credit card that hadn’t been shut down, hurrying to type it in one-handed as his other hand stroked his cock (after Natalie said he was allowed to, of course).

“More,” Natalie said, voice like a moan. Her eyes glittered, a bedroom look. God, it was so sexy. She snapped her fingers and he made it so. He sent her his daily limit on the card, then found another one. His cock ached as he sent her more, twitching when he hit the button to confirm the payment. He loved spending his money on her. He loved giving every cent he owned to Natalie.

“Don’t stop,” Natalie said. James didn’t stop, not until every card had reached its max, every account was drained. There was no more he could physically give. It should have made him feel anxious, used, helpless. Instead he felt joy like never before.

“Total financial destruction,” Natalie murmured. Hearing her voice so soft, so pleased, was enough to make James squirm, quickly letting go of his cock so he didn’t cum. “Drop to your knees and repeat after me,” Natalie said, back to her normal bossy voice. James slid to his knees. “I am obedient.” Snap.

“I am obedient,” he said.

“My purpose is to please Majesty Natalie.” Snap. “I am forever waiting for my goddesses’ next command.” Snap. “I will be hers forever.”

James repeated it, one after the other.

“You can cum now,” Natalie said. “Weird gooner fuck.” James came.
