---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/threekeys.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Three Keys
authors:
- Chris Baker
tags:
- M/f
- game
- bond
- cuffs
- collar
- chast
- toys
- tease
- mast
- oral
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2011-08-12 00:00:00
---

John and Katie had been married for three years and while they had regular sex, John was feeling a little restless. Not that he was unsatisfied, but just wanting a little more adventure in the bedroom. One night at dinner he broached the subject with his wife.

“So I think we should shake things up a little bit.”

“What do you mean, sweetheart?” Katie asked.

“Well I’ve got a bit of an idea... a game if you will.”

“What kind of game?” She asked hesitantly.

“Well, don’t freak out, but I want to lock you up and make you earn your freedom.” He looked at his gorgeous wife and could see the unsure look on her face. “If you don’t want to I don’t blame you but I just thought it could be an interesting experiment.” He leaned forward and said in a more serious voice he said “You know I’d never do anything to hurt you.”

Katie bit her lip and shuffled her food around on the plate. Finally she looked up.

“Ok, but on one condition: When this is done I get to do whatever I want next time.” Her blue eyes had a dangerous sparkle that made John a little nervous about what she may have in mind but he decided that it would be interesting so why not.

“Deal. give me some time to get everything ordered.”

About a month later he had everything he needed. When he got home from work he started helping make dinner with Katie and casually mentioned that he felt like playing a game tonight if she was interested.

“I take it you don’t mean monopoly?” she said with a sultry voice, licking her lips.

“Not exactly.” He said as he came up behind her, brushed away her long blond hair and lightly kissed her neck. “I was thinking something a little more age appropriate.” He reached around her and slid his hands underneath her t-shirt and began running his hands along her stomach while pulling her into him. He could feel himself getting hard and he was sure that she could too.

“Well dinner is ready so lets eat quickly and then have a little dessert afterward” she said setting the spoon she was using down and turning around. She looked up at him with her blue eyes and went up on her toes to kiss him. It was a short, but passionate kiss. He was pulling her tight and enjoying the feel of her pulled up against him.

“On second thought,” she said, “someone is already very excited. Maybe I’ll take my food upstairs and eat while I get ready and you can stay here and watch the game.”

“While you get ready?” he asked confused

“Of course silly, you don't expect me to look my best with a pony tail and t shirt do you?” she smiled coyly. “afterall, any clothes would just get in the way wouldn’t they?”

“Haha, very true” he chuckled. “just come down when you’re ready.”

“See you in a few.” She gave him one more quick kiss then grabbed a plate of chicken alfredo and went upstairs, swinging her hips back and forth just to torment him.

“Well here goes nothing” John muttered to himself. He turned and went to the garage to gather all the supplies he had ordered and returned to the living room to make his own preparations.

Twenty minutes later, he heard the door to the bedroom shut and the sound of barefeet padding down the stairs. He looked up and what he saw made his jaw drop and other parts go up. Katie was standing there in nothing but a sultry half smile, blonde hair long and curly running down her back. Her blue eyes had a challenge in them that he could tell were daring him to do his worst. She licked her bright red lips and started to walk towards him, her firm B cups bouncing and hips swinging with every seductive step.

“So,” she said as she sat down on the couch next to him, one hand resting casually on his crotch “do I call you ‘Master’ tonight? Or are you going to let me speak at all?”

“John will do fine, and you will be allowed to speak, I’d hate to mess up your lipstick by gagging you.” he replied with a smile. “Though, from now on you are going to do exactly what I say, understand?”

“And what if I resist?” she whispered in his ear.

He turned over so that his legs stradling her nude figure, letting their eyes meet and he ran finger over her thigh and up to her most private region. “Lets just say that your level of cooperation will determine if you a rewarded,” he slipped a finger in her already dripping pussy and slowly began stroking, feeling her hips rise to meet his movements, “or punished.” He gave her nipple a quick pinch with the other hand. “Of course, I won’t do anything to really hurt you, but it will be more enjoyable if you play along.”

“And what if I liked being punished?” She said with an amused smile

“Then be as bad as you want. For now though, its time to start the game.” he rolled off her. “please kneel in front of the couch facing the coffee table.”

She slowly did as commanded and he moved behind her.

“As you can see, I have purchased a number of items for today. I’m sure you can guess what most are but I’ll explain anyways.” He leaned forward, one hand reaching for the first item, the other resting on her shoulder and his fingertip teasing her nipple.

“These are just your basic wrist cuffs. You maybe wearing them for awhile so I didn’t want to get just regular handcuffs.” The cuffs were made of pink leather on the outside and had white fleece on the inside. He slowly pull each one open. “Hands please.” Katie hesitated for a moment and then took a deep breath and held out her hands for him to lock the cuffs around her wrists.

“How's that feel? Too tight?” He asked cautiously.

“No, they feel... good.” She said the last word faintly, her heart pounding in her ears.

He gave her an appraising look and then moved to the next item.

“This is chastity belt.” She looked back at him and he quickly added, “Don’t worry, you’ll still have fun, just stand up.” She did as he instructed and he grabbed the belt and stood behind her. He also pulled a small object from the couch where he had hidden it.

“Now, put your hands on your head. I promise you this will be enjoyable for both of us. Here's a taste of whats to come.” He slowly began moving his hand along the outside of her slit while kissing her neck. He then moved his finger inside her and began playing with her clit. She was already soaking and before long he could feel her shudder and knew she was close. He chose that instant to stop moving his finger and slip the egg shaped vibrator inside her. She yelped in surprise but kept her hands on her head.

“Hold it in there” he said “you aren’t allowed to cum yet.” She glared at him over her shoulder but didn't say anything as he buckled the chastity belt around her waist, pinning the vibrator inside of her. “Good girl” he said giving her on last kiss. “Now, back on your knees.”

She silently obeyed, still on edge and wanting release. The belt, which was the same pink as the cuffs, ran around her waist and had a large padded strap that ran in between her legs and up to the front. It was tight enough to provide just enough friction to keep her hot but not enough to let her cum. She knew that she wasn’t going to cum unless John let her. The intruder was also making itself known as she moved and wasn’t helping either. She looked back at the table and the only object left... a collar with a leash. Her eyes went wide.

“Yes my dear, you will be wearing a collar for the rest of night. Don’t worry, it won’t tighten and I won’t leave it on permanently. Thought that would be soooo sexy.” John said with a grin. He picked up the pink collar and unclipped the leash. “You don’t have to do this if you don’t want.” he said softly. “This is supposed to be fun.”

She looked up at him and looked at the collar and made her choice. She stuck her neck out for him to put the collar on. He smiled and snapped it on, snug but not tight. She could feel the leather against her skin but knew that she wouldn’t have a problem breathing.

“Now, as you can see, you are currently adorned with all this but can still move about and if you really wanted to you could remove everything on your own. Time to change that and explain the last part of the game. I have here three padlocks here,” he produced the heart shaped locks from his pocket, “one for your collar.” He snapped it on ensuring that she couldn’t take it off without the key. “One for your belt.” He reached down and locked her belt so she couldn’t get release without his say so. “And one for you wrists. Please put them behind your back.” She did as he asked and with a final click she knew she was helpless.

“Now, I have placed the keys in different areas of the house. However, before you go running off to find them you have to convince me to tell you where they are. Each one will require something different of you and the order that you choose will also determine what you have to do. The choice is yours my dear. How would you like to start?”

She looked thoughtful for a minute and then looked up at him. “The cuffs please.” she murmured softly.

“I thought you might say that. Here is your task. You have to undress me and make me cum. Simple enough right?” he said grinning.

“I thought this would be difficult.” she replied with a smile. Her nervousness gone. “I’ll be out of these in no time.”

She turned around and began to undo his pants with her cuffed hands.

“Well in that case lets raise the requirements. Wouldn’t want you to get bored. If you use your hands to undress me you can’t use them to make me cum.” He had an evil smile on his face. “Or if you want to use them for both parts, I’ll give you a spanking before telling you where the key is.”

She looked at him for a minute and then grinned. “Deal.”

She undid his pants and pulled them off. Next came his shirt, which was a bit of a challenge since her arms were behind her back, but she managed by sitting on his chest and bending over to get the required leverage. Next came his socks and boxers and then he was as naked as she was, minus the pink leather of course.

“Well done, now what are you going to do?”

She smiled sweetly “Why make you cum of course.” she slowly slid herself onto his lap, grinding her ass on his crotch. The leather chastity belt was a little uncomfortable at first but she quickly got used to it. After a few minutes she could feel his hips rising to meet hers and she quickly step off his lap, turned around and took his cock in her mouth. She started by licking the shaft and the sucking on the tip before really getting to work. Up and down, sucking and licking, she could feel him hit the back of her throat and she almost made herself gag once or twice. It was only a matter of minutes before he was arching his back and she felt his hot seed fill her mouth. She swallowed as much as she could before licking his shaft clean. She looked up at him and saw his eyes were closed.

“Enjoy that?” she said amused.

“Oh yes.” he said without opening his eyes. He took one or two more breaths and then opened his eyes and stood up. “You did very well. Lets wash that pretty little mouth out.” He strode over to the kitchen and poured two glasses of wine. He pulled out a chair for her and held the glass to her lips. She thankfully took a few sips and washed it down. The dark Chianti a stark contrast from his warm cum.

“So do I get the key now?” she asked sweetly as he took a sip himself.

“Of course, its on my nightstand.”

“Ok, I’ll be right back. Actually, another sip first?” He held the glass to her lips and she drank before scooting off the chair and walking upstairs. He watched her go and could feel the stirrings in his loins. He chuckled to himself and then took another sip. A few minutes later he heard her come back downstairs. Her arms were swinging free but she still had the cuffs themselves on.

“Decided to leave those pink bracelets on?” He asked, quirking an eyebrow.

“Well they just went with the outfit so well I couldn’t take them off yet.” She replied with a playful smile. She sat back down and picked up her glass to have another sip.

Just looking at her like that, blonde hair partially hiding her pink collar, sipping on the wine with the pink leash dangling between her round breasts was intoxicating. He found himself starting to get hard again.

“So I think its my turn to cum.” She said putting down her empty glass “I want the key to the belt next.”

He chuckled to himself and stood up from the table, grabbing her leash and forcing her to follow. He led her back to the couch and pulled out a scarf and a pair of Bose noise cancelling headphones. She gave him a confused look.

“The next key is probably going to be the toughest of all for you to get.” He pulled the scarf around her eyes and put the earphones around her neck. “I'm sure you remember my little friend that I made you hold earlier,” he said motioning to her crotch, “that was a remote control vibrator. I’m going to turn him on random and let him run for 30 mins. However, you will be blindfolded and the headphones will be playing white noise so you will only be able to focus on what is going on down below. Now, during that 30 minutes you aren’t allowed to cum. If you do, the clock starts over. You have to last a full 30 minutes in order to get the key.” He pulled her onto the couch so that she was laying on her back with her head in his lap. “I’ll have an egg timer to keep track while I watch the game. Its only the 4th inning so I should have plenty of time to finish it.” He smiled down at her. “Ready?”

“I’ll see you in 30 mins, then you’ll owe me one hell of an orgasm.” She said defiantly.

He placed the headphones on her and started the egg timer. He didn’t start the vibrator right away though. Instead, he spent a few minutes running his hand through her hair, and then down to her breasts. He started squeezing and pinching until she was moaning and only then did he start his little friend. By chance, it started on high and Katie practically jumped off the couch. Her hands went to her crotch and he could see her squeezing her legs and moving, trying to dislodge the vibrator. He continued to play with her breasts and she bit her lip trying to hold back the orgasm that was building. She failed. Within 10 minutes her hips were reaching for the ceiling, back arched, mouth open and breaths coming quick and shallow. A few minutes later, she let out a great moan and collapsed back onto the couch. John chuckled to himself and reset the timer. He pulled off the headphones for a second.

“Thats one, I’ve got a bet with myself so keep going. Having fun yet?”

“You bastard.” She said, though he could tell she didn’t mean it.

“I’m hurt, I should add ten minutes for that.”

“Don’t. You. Dare.” Her breaths were short as the vibrator hit the high setting for a few seconds before going back down.

John chuckled to himself and went back to watching the game. At about 17 minutes, Katie started arching her back again and John couldn't help smiling. Then, without warning, Katie flipped over and grabbed his hard cock and began stoking it. While not part of the plan, he wasn’t going to stop her. She built him up until he was about to burst and then stopped. He grabbed her head and pushed her down on his cock. He could almost see her smile as she sucked him off for the second time that night. Up and down she went, his mind a whirlwind and he only barely heard the egg timer go off. He took the headphones off and whispered “Cum with me” in Katies ear. That was all she needed. As he let go, he could feel her tense and explode as well. When they were both done, she lay with her head in his lap, covered in cum and breathed deeply in and out. He had the presence of mind to turn off the vibrator but otherwise didn’t move. Finally, she pushed herself off him.

“So where is that key?”

“Garage, on your right front tire.”

She got up without another word and walked outside. When she came back she had removed the cuffs and the belt so all she had left was the collar and leash. She also held the vibrator in her hand.

“That was evil.” She said

“I know,” He grinned “but fun right?”

“Very,” she said as she came and kissed him. “And I will get you back when its my turn.”

“Ah, but you still have one more key to earn tonight.”

“Maybe that can wait a little while. I like a man leading me around.” She smiled sweetly, holding the leash out to him. “All the way up to the bedroom...” she leaned in closer “... and into the bathtub. You’re little game has gotten me all kinds of dirty.” she whispered huskily in his ear.

“Well I definitely can’t have that.” He stood with the leash and gave it a gentle tug. He led her up to the bathroom and started filling the tub with warm water. He moved a cushy bath mat over to the side of the tub and instructed her to kneel with her hands on her head. When she had done so, he unclipped the leash and put a finger under her chin, tilting her head to look up at him.

“You’re such an beautiful little thing. How’d I get so lucky?”

She blinked her big blue eyes and replied with a coy smile and a wink “You think you’re getting lucky tonight?”

He couldn’t stop his laughter as he got into the tub. When he was situated he told her to join him. She climbed in on top of him and he could feel her naked ass against his cock, which immediately started to harden even after two orgasms.

“Someone is still excited. I’m impressed.”

“Must have something to do with the hot blonde on my lap.” he quipped with a wink.

“Well I need to get comfy.” she said as she started to move her hips back and forth. “So what will I have to do to earn this last key?”

“Well to be honest, I had planned to just leave it on all weekend and give you the key on Sunday.” He confessed, “But after your last performance I may give it to you early for good behavior.”

“I see, well if I’m wearing the collar does that mean I have to do whatever my husband tells me?” she asked innocently.

“Absolutely. If you’re wearing my collar I own you.” He said with mock seriousness.

“Oh no, what a horrible fate.” She shot back with a dramatic wail worthy of broadway. “What ever will my evil master make me do?” He couldn’t help but laugh.

“Oh nothing too strenuous. But not knowing is half the mystery.”

She flipped over so that she could look at him and he felt her breast press up against him.

“Well, what is your first command Master?”

He could tell that he liked the way this weekend was going to turn out.
