---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/mind_diary_of_a_judicial_slave5.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 642, Mind Diary of a Judicial Slave
authors:
- The Technician
tags:
- M-f
- fpov
- slave
- feed
- sex
- buttplug
- oral
- training
- cons
- X
date: 2026-02-14 00:00:00
---

### Chapter Five - *A Night With My Master*

#### **Cycle 4378, Day 183**

This is excruciating. I want to run through the hallways and corridors to my Master’s quarters. I want to show him what I have learned and how my body has been... improved. But Madame Loretta ordered lucida to lead me and lucida is a hobble slave. She moves so slowly and now she is moving even slower. I can’t stand it. His door is just around the corner but lucida is barely moving.

The standardized time indicator is chiming five. We turn the corner and two very gruff, very loud voices shout, “Halt!”

Slave lucida squeaks and jumps. Her arm involuntarily pulls on my leash snapping my head forward. My rope pops over my shoulder and hangs down in the front. I quickly reach up and return it to its proper place down my back.

“Turn around slowly,” one of the men shouts. He is pointing a weapon at me.

“They are expected,” a soft voice says. Master has opened the door and is standing there smiling at me.

“You may go, lucida,” he says softly, but firmly. She gives a quick smile and rattles down the hallway as fast as her hobble chains will allow.

“You,” he says, pointing at me, “come inside.”

As we go inside, I notice that he removes a handle that is sticking to the smooth plate on the inside of the door. It must be magnetic or something. He places it in a drawer in a small table near the door.

“New guards,” he says with a smile. I don’t ask why. Slaves should not ask such questions. Besides, I came to be with him, not to interrogate him.

He ushers me into the dining room. The table is set much as it was last time except there is a small pad on the floor where I will kneel.

“Thank you, Master,” I say, quietly.

“We will eat,” he says, “and you will tell me about your training.”

I lower myself to the floor. The silver leash is hanging down between my breasts. I move it so the end of it is on the floor alongside my legs.

“How much do you want to know?” I ask. “I will be truthful about everything,” I add.

“Just tell me what you think is important,” he says.

I begin to tell him about the exercises. He seems bored, so I switch to telling him how I have been training my vagina. “Madame Loretta said that I should be able to milk you dry,” I say looking down at the floor. I am embarrassed for some reason.

“We will find that out after dinner,” he says quietly as the slaves bring the first course. It is prawns once again. But this time, my cup has two silver prawns built into the crystal rim. “Now you don’t have to worry about finishing before me,” he says with a smile.

I blush furiously. “I am learning, Master,” I stammer out. “I will try not to make that mistake again.”

He laughs as he looks at me and says, “But there are so many new mistakes to make, my little shishi. You are lucky to have such a forgiving Master.”

“Thank you, Master,” I say, softly.

He reaches over with his prawn fork and stabs one of the prawns on my cup. I instinctively open my mouth and tilt back my head so he may feed me. I have never thought of this as an act of submission, but I am placing myself totally in his hands as surely as if I were kneeling at his feet with my head on the floor.

As he places the prawn on my tongue he says “But there are some things which you have not had to be taught. You are a perfect slave, shishi. ... And soon will be a perfect sex companion for me.”

I quickly chew and swallow the prawn so I can softly say once again, “Thank you, Master.”

He smiles at me once again and reaches down to press the small watch thing on his wrist that will shield the room and take my lifepack offline.

\*\*\*

I am back in my room. Last night was wonderful. I stayed with Master almost the entire night.

After I took the prawn from Master we ate almost in silence. I could tell that something was bothering him, but a slave does not ask such questions. He asked again about my training and I told him that I had learned to move my muscles in ways that I had not thought were possible.

He asked, “Which muscles?” and I once again blushed deeply.

“Oh,” he said with a chuckle, “I guess I will find out after we eat.”

I just blushed even deeper and said, “Yes, Master.”

When the final course was finished, Master clapped his hands loudly and said, “Leave us!” The male and female serving slaves scurried to clear the low table and then they hurried from the room.

Master rose and began walking towards his bedroom. I immediately rose to my feet and fell into step behind him at the proper distance... remembering to walk in the proper high step. He glanced back as he went through the doorway. I could tell he was looking at my legs. His smile told me that I was walking properly and he appreciated what it did for my legs and ass. I will never need the nail shoes again. The memory of that smile will be enough to keep me in high step.

When he reached the bed, he turned and faced me. This time he didn’t have to say anything. I dropped to my knees at his feet and carefully removed his shoes, waiting for him to raise his foot slightly each time. I placed the shoes carefully under the chair and returned.

He was wearing a pale blue knit shirt that hung loosely over his slacks. I carefully raised it so that I could pull it over his head. After I pulled the shirt clear and set it over on the chair, I turned back to face him and gasped loudly as I saw the red, angry scar which covered a wide area of his ribs on the left side.

His face remained blank as he said flatly, “The doctors at Bella Seven were able to restore the burned flesh, but it will still take a few weeks for my body to completely recover.”

“What happened?” I asked. My voice was practically cracking. My Master had been hurt.

“A rich and powerful man has many enemies,” he replied coolly. “But someone very powerful and perhaps richer than myself was able to entice one of my own bodyguards to betray me.” He laughed slightly and said, “But I have four– now six– bodyguards and whoever it was could not afford to entice them all.”

He shrugged and said, “In a way it is my own fault for hiring an unmarried man with no family. He did not have to worry about repercussions against his wife and children. And he was foolish enough to think that he could act and escape.”

He looked directly at me and smiled slightly. “I saw him draw his energy weapon and somehow knew what he was going to do. I threw myself to the ground just as he fired. By the time I stood back up, my other bodyguards had killed him.” He smiled again and said, “Evidently I was just a little too slow in reacting and the energy bolt grazed my side. A little deeper and I would not have had time to return to Farpost to enjoy this evening.”

He suddenly froze in place, his eyes looking up and beyond me. “That makes sense,” he said slowly. “Someone wanted to prevent me from returning to Farpost. They didn’t need to kill me, only delay me. They knew Thomasatta would be killed before he could do more than wound me. Why did they want to delay me?” He again seemed frozen in thought but then shook his head slightly and said, “But that is for some other time. Tonight, I want to see what your weeks of training have taught you.”

I quickly dropped to my knees and removed his slacks. As I was doing so, he reached down and unclipped the leash from my collar and tossed it over onto the chair.

This time his slight man smell did not overwhelm me. I could feel myself getting wetter, but my purpose was to bring pleasure to my Master, not satisfy my own needs. I shuffled over to the chair on my knees and carefully folded the slacks so I could place them on top of the shirt... and leash. Then I returned for Master’s socks. These I did not fold, but placed carefully on top of the slacks.

When I returned, Master placed his hand on the top of his head and stood waiting for me to remove his underwear. I gently pulled them down until they were almost on the floor. Master then lifted his left leg and I slid the boxers down over his foot. As he had done the last time, he then used his right foot to flick the underwear through the air over toward the chair. They landed at the base of the chair on his shoes.

I looked up and he said softly, “Leave them.”

I reached forward slightly and lapped at the tip of his penis. “Not tonight,” he said. “I want to experience your wonderfully trained muscles.”

He motioned for me to rise and then pulled me into the bed. “Let’s start with home planet,” he said, smiling at me.

I lay back on the bed... or did Master press me back onto the bed? In any case, I was on my back and my Master was lying beside me stroking my breasts and running his fingers up and down my stomach and lower abdomen. I could feel myself growing ever wetter.

“Did you know that your lips grow redder as you become more aroused?” he asked softly.

“How can..?” I had started to ask how he could tell when I was wearing such dark red lipstick, but then I realized he was not talking about my mouth but a totally different set of lips.

He reached up with his hand and pinched one of my nipples. “So do your nipples,” he said softly.

I stifled a groan and tried to keep my body from writhing on the bed. I was supposed to be bringing him pleasure and he was almost making me lose control.

He moved so that he was above me and began to lower himself down. I squirmed slightly so that he was properly aligned and he slid into me. He paused for a moment to let me adjust to him and then began to move slowly within me.

I thrust up against him in time with his movements and concentrated on making my muscles work as though that training dildo was up inside me. I couldn’t seem to make it work at first, but then I envisioned the tip of his penis as the shocking point on the training dildo. Suddenly I could feel my cunt contracting in waves as Master moved inside of me.

He began thrusting faster and I couldn’t keep up with him. I was forcing myself up to meet him with every thrust, but I couldn’t keep the waves going in my cunt at the same speed. Finally, he groaned softly and pressed himself hard against me. I could feel him twitching and spurting inside of me. I could also feel my cunt milking him.

Master shuddered slightly as he closed his eyes and tilted his head toward the ceiling. I knew at that point that I had truly pleased my Master. The flood of pleasure from knowing that was too much for me. I lost control and thrashed and screamed in a violent orgasm.

When I regained control, Master was still above me supporting himself on his hands. He was looking down at me. I became afraid because I had lost control. He must have sensed that because he smiled at me and used one hand to stroke my face lightly.

“My little shishi,” he said softly. Then he raised his eyebrows slightly and asked, “Have you been skilled in the Progo position?”

He moved off of me and I quickly turned over onto my knees and elbows, holding my rump high in the air. He laughed slightly and I quickly asked, “Did I do something wrong, Master?”

“No,” he answered, still laughing. “But did you look at the ass plug which Madame Loretta had you wear tonight?”

“No, Master,” I replied. “She had lucida insert it and it isn’t someplace I can actually see without a mirror.”

He laughed again and said, “It is Madame Loretta’s joke... intended for me.” He tapped the butt plug and said, “The outside is an ornate, red passion flower. When Madame Loretta still ran her establishment, the girls were graded by flower types. The best were passion flowers. The very best of the best were red passion flowers.”

“Oh,” I said. His statement raised more questions than it answered. Someday I would have to learn more about Madame Loretta.

“That is for another time,” he said suddenly and reached under me to stroke my slit. He reached all the way up to my clit and I made a quick gasp as I sucked in a great lungful of air. He kept stroking up and down on my slit, dipping his fingers in slightly each time and also each time gently grazing my clit. My clit was swollen and tingling. My entire body was quivering. I was struggling to maintain control. Then he pushed my legs slightly apart so he could kneel directly behind me.

As soon as I felt the tip of his prick at the entrance to my cunt, I pushed backwards as hard as I could. He pushed forward against me firmly, but he didn’t begin thrusting. I wasn’t sure what to do. I was frozen in place. But then I remembered that first night when I cleared my mind and let my body decide what I should do.

What my body decided to do was to ram hard against Master and then pull forward as far as I could and once again ram hard against him. I’m not sure if I was in control or not. I knew what my body was doing, and I was letting it do it, but I don’t know if I could have stopped it once I got going.

I don’t know how long I continued thrusting back against Master. My cunt wasn’t milking him. I was just trying to hold on to him tightly as I bounced back and forth. I heard Master moan softly and that caused me to move even faster and to clench down even tighter with those special muscles.

Finally, I heard that soft groan that meant that my Master was starting to climax. I was going to shift to milking him but then I totally lost control. I found myself screaming and thrashing. I could feel my Master’s hands gripping tightly on my hips holding me firm against him as we both climaxed together. When I stopped thrashing, I was no longer in the Progo position. My arms were straight out in front of me and my legs were wrapped around my Master’s waist.

“I see they also instructed you in the wheelbarrow position,” he said quietly.

“I don’t know what that is, Master,” I replied and he laughed.

“Your body knows, even if you don’t,” he said.

Then he slapped me lightly on the ass and said, “One last test of those muscles.”

He pushed me slightly so that I was on the side of the bed and then he lay down on his back. “Mount me,” he said softly.

I leaned over and took his prick into my mouth. “No,” he said. “Mount me.”

“I am just getting my Master ready,” I said softly. Then I returned to suckling his prick. In just a moment it was again stiff and ready, so I straddled him and lowered myself down on it.

“No bouncing,” he said firmly. “No movement. You have to do it all with your special muscles.”

“Yes, Master,” I said shakily. Using my muscles as Master thrust within me or milking him once he began spurting was one thing. But using my internal muscles– and only my internal muscles– the entire time was something I hadn’t been trained to do.

I sat still for a moment concentrating on making things move like I had been trained. Suddenly it was as if I could feel the shocks of the training dildo moving up and down inside my cunt. Then I could feel my muscles moving. They were contracting in sequence up and down my love canal. I could also feel Master’s prick twitching and stretching in response.

I kept my mind blank except for concentrating on the milking motion of my cunt. This was for my Master’s pleasure. I couldn’t help that I was also getting pleasure from this, but somehow, I channeled that pleasure into a slow fire rather than an explosion. Eventually, I heard the soft groan and felt the twitching and spurting of Master’s prick inside of me. The fires flared hot within me, but I didn’t have an orgasm... at least I didn’t thrash or bounce or lose control.

“You may stay as long as I stay inside of you,” he said softly. Then he relaxed back as if going to sleep.

I rocked myself slightly to force his softening prick as deeply inside as I could. Then I also relaxed slightly. I couldn’t relax completely because then his prick would slide out of my cunt. Instead, I kept my cunt muscles milking softly, just enough to hold him inside of me.

I must have fallen asleep because all of a sudden it was hours later. I squeezed slightly just to make sure that he was still inside of me. He was, but my legs were starting to ache. I would have to move and when I moved, I knew that he would slide out of me.

Master didn’t awaken– or at least he didn’t acknowledge– when he slid out of me. I lifted myself off of him and padded out to the main door of his quarters. I knocked softly and one of the guards opened it from the outside.

“Master said that I am to return to my quarters,” I said softly.

The guard merely grunted and motioned for me to step out. Then he said, “Wait,” and I stood still under his gaze. I wasn’t sure why I was waiting, but then my lifepack came back online and names appeared above the four guards. They were free men of the military class.

“You may now go,” one of them said. I merely nodded and walked slowly down the hallways toward my room.
