---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Professor Kink's Escape Room Challenge
authors:
- thepinkbishop
tags:
- M/f+
- bond
- latex
- sybian
- gag
- predicament
- catsuit
- costume
- toys
- buttplug
- petgirl
- oral
- machine
- conditioning
- mast
- rom
- reluct
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-08-09 00:00:00
---

### Episode 5: Kink’s Kinky Kingdom

‘Miss Schwarz.’

Isabel struggled to lift her head. Her neck was stiff and her body ached. With an equal effort, she forced her eyes open, struggling to focus on the source of the voice she knew belonged to Kink.

‘You have to let us go.’ Her voice sounded weak, as weak as her body.

She was once more hanging by her arms, her limbs spread in one of the restraint rings, her hands and feet locked in the steel cylinders. She was dimly aware she was naked but realised she no longer cared.

‘You have disappointed me, Miss Schwarz,’ Kink continued. He was wearing some sort of old fashioned military uniform, a long blue woollen coat, a peaked cap, black boots. British, Isabel thought, probably airforce judging by the wings on his lapel. He had a moustache which she didn’t recall from before.

‘I…’ She felt too weak to answer or to argue. Her mouth was dry. She dropped her head, eyes focusing unbidden on her breasts, her tiny breasts with their black piercing rings.

This was real then.

‘It is the responsibility of every officer to escape,’ Kink continued. ‘Not have wild lesbian sex with her fellow prisoners.’

Isabel lifted her eyes and looked at him. Saw a slight smirk on his face.

‘Although I must say it was quite titillating and it did wonders for the ratings. Subscriptions are up thirty four percent.’

Isabel glanced to the side, an effort that almost proved beyond her as if she barely had the strength to hold her head up. The others were there, suspended like her in the huge steel rings, spreadeagled, all naked like her. She could see Charlotte, head slumped forwards, her blonde hair hanging almost to her breasts and next to her was Priya then Tiffany on the end. Beyond was darkness and she thought she recognised the space as the huge chamber they’d woken up in before when…when she’d had that orgasm, the one that had thwarted their escape.

She turned back to Kink. ‘Please…’

He was holding out a military baton. ‘I’m serious, Miss Schwarz. I won’t have insubordination among my officers and, if I may say, someone needs to get a grip on your team.’ He brandished the baton and Isabel recoiled as much as her bonds allowed. ‘Oh, fear not, Miss Schwarz. I’m not a monster.’

That almost made her smile.

‘I have far more subtle ways to punish you than with physical pain.’ He frowned. ‘And I fear an object lesson is required.’ He parked the baton under his arm. ‘Remember, you are Isabel Schwarz, Escape Room Champion.’ He saluted. ‘Don’t disappoint me.’ He turned on his heel and began to march away into the blackness.

### Episode 5: Kink’s Kinky Kingdom

Isabel was lying on her side. It was dark. There was something hard against her back as if she was lying against a wall. Her body was still stiff but not as bad as before. She tried to move and wasn’t surprised to find she was restrained, her arms folded up at the elbows, her hands somehow pinned to the side of her neck. Her legs were bent at the knee, calf pressed against the back of each thigh. She strained as hard as she could but they wouldn’t straighten.

‘Fuck.’

She heard a familiar voice.

‘Punishment mode is currently suspended. A demerit has been logged for your swearing violation.’

Isabel groaned but refrained from further blasphemy.

She wasn’t sure whether it was dark or she was blindfolded. Without the use of her hands it was hard to be certain. Whatever the cause of her blindness, she was pretty sure she was back in one of Kink’s suits. At least she wasn’t gagged, not yet anyway. With an effort she rolled onto her front feeling a coolness on her breasts and hearing a slight click that she guessed was the rings in her nipples against the floor.

Typical.

She was fairly certain she would find her sex was bare too. She thought a swear word but managed not to say it. Using her elbows she pushed herself onto her knees, kneeling up straight and feeling her head strike a low ceiling.

A box then, or a low tunnel.

He mentioned escape. Maybe she needed to crawl somewhere.

Cautiously she dropped forward onto her elbows and began to crawl forward. Her head struck a vertical surface and she moved sideways finding another wall, feeling its coolness on the side of her breast.

A box seemed most likely or maybe she was facing the wrong way and was expected to crawl backwards. That wouldn’t surprise her - her bare sex would be the first thing to brush against whatever obstruction Kink had put there.

The box or end of the tunnel was a little over two feet across and a little higher. There was no way to turn around. Sighing, she crawled backwards hesitantly finding something blocking her way, a raised section half way between the two side walls and she had to lift her right leg to climb over it. Her leg struck another wall behind her.

A box then; a little longer than it was wide and something on the floor, a dome or, probably a half cylinder that she was currently straddling. Sitting back she felt its coolness against her sex.

That answers that question.

She was trapped in one of Kink’s suits, with her breasts and sex bare straddling something. She had a pretty clear idea where this might be heading in terms of escape. Was she supposed to dry hump the thing between her legs? She squeezed with her thighs and felt the ‘saddle’, that was the word that best described it, flex slightly.

‘Hmmm….’

She crawled forward again until she felt the front wall of the box.

There was only one thing for it.

She pushed out her tongue and ran it over the surface. Smooth, plastic perhaps or glass. Kneeling up a little more, she began to explore the wall with her tongue. In the back of her mind she recalled Kinks’ words about punishing her. The thought of encountering something disgusting with her tongue almost made her retch.

Though maybe it was better than crawling into something the other way!

Then she found it. A little button in the bottom corner of the wall in front of her. She pressed it with her tongue and heard a click and hiss behind her.

Cautiously, she slid herself back. She was half prepared for what happened but even so, she jumped as something touched her sex. It was protruding from the saddle - something narrow and, in her current position, angled very suggestively.

‘Of, fuck!’ She couldn’t stop herself.

‘A further demerit had been logged.’

Isabel moved from side to side feeling the phallus brush against her sex.

‘Really?’ She shouted then, with a sigh, leaned back further and impaled herself on it.

‘Mechanism engaged.’

The voice made her jump as did the buzz in her sex and nipples.

‘Arousal level at ten percent.’

‘What the….’ She stopped herself.

The vibration of the rings in her nipples and clit had not been unpleasant and was enough to trigger memories of their effects in her earlier escape.

‘Arousal level at fifteen percent.’

‘Oh, fuck me, no!’

‘A third demerit had been logged.’

Isabel knew, just knew, what she had to do to get out of this one.

She was going to kill Kink when she finally got out of all this.

Somewhat unnecessarily, she closed her eyes, and began to rock back and forth.

---

As Isabel’s climax faded, she felt cool air against her flushed skin and knew her prison had opened but she sat for a moment, the dildo still inside her enjoying the aftershocks of her orgasm.

By the time she’d reached seventy percent arousal the aches in her body and anger she’d felt at this humiliation had been beginning to fade and when things stalled at ninety three percent, just short of orgasm, Charlotte had popped into her mind. The Charlotte who had tied her up under the pretence of teaching her escapology skills.

Then it had all cracked off, pleasure coursing her body. She might have called out Charlotte’s name. She thought she’d probably incurred another swearing violation too.

Riding the phallus had generated a lot of heat and she could feel sweat on her skin. She ran her tongue across her lips, tasting salt and enjoying cool air moving across her bare breasts and sex; and the lower part of her face.

‘Is there anyone there?’ she called, certain now that the suit was blindfolding her.

‘Iz!’ It was Charlotte’s voice. She was close by and Isabel sighed inwardly at the thought that the blonde and the others would find her flushed from orgasm seated astride a phallus like this.

Hadn’t Kink said something about taking charge of her troops?

This probably wasn’t a good position from which to command.

She turned her head towards Charlotte’s voice and was about to say something about having to do this to escape her prison when a voice cut across her thoughts.

‘Punishment mode reengaged. You currently have three demerits.’

Isabel felt her mouth filling with whatever it was that the suit was made of as a gag formed, something not unlike what was in her sex although fortunately not as long or as wide but enough to fill her mouth; the material spread across her face too, muzzling her.

‘Three!’ Charlotte’s voice was close by and the blonde sounded amused. ‘You had quite a time in there didn’t you?’

Isabel stilled. This was so humiliating.

‘What Barbie here is trying to say…’ It was Tiffany’s voice. ‘Is that the sides of that box you were in are clear.’

‘Nmmph.’ Isabel gave a strangled gasp that was almost completely muted by the gag.

‘We saw the whole thing,’ Priya said. ‘I was quite sexy, really it was. I hope I get the chance to try something like that.’

Isabel gave another groan and levered herself off the phallus hearing a wet ‘schloop’ as it slid from her vagina and she wobbled slightly. For a moment, she thought she might fall but someone caught her.

‘It was really sexy.’ A voice whispered in her ear - Charlotte. ‘You’ve no idea how horny I am after watching that.’

At that moment her blindfold rolled away leaving her staring up into Charlotte’s cobalt blue eyes which widened and she thought she saw the blonde blush before she moved in and kissed her on the top of the head.

‘Let’s just get on with it shall we!’ Tiffany’s voice was cutting. ‘Now that our ‘leader’ is back with us, we have an escape to get on with.’

---

Tiffany led them round the remains of four crates, three of which Isabel noted did not appear to have phalluses or other sex toys in or to have transparent walls. Like Isabel, the other three girls were all back in one of Kink’s suits although all were configured differently. Tiffany’s resembled a black rubber minidress that stretched and flexed over her voluptuous curves and appeared to have accessorised with thigh high toe boots and a collar. Charlotte was dressed like a kinky rubber cheerleader, a bunch of blonde hair protruding from each side of a Gwen-style hood and Priya was wearing what looked like rubber play-wear; a shiny bodice that left her breasts and crotch exposed, her legs clad in shiny black stockings and her heels were at least five inches. The rings in her dark nipples and clit glinted dully and a thin strip of suit pulled the latter back, holding twin plugs inside her. The dark skinned girl was also restrained in some sort of arm sheath that pinned her elbows together behind her back.

Isabel crawled silently behind them on her elbows and knees.

They seemed to be in the huge dark space in which they had woken after their first failed escape attempt, the place where Kink had spoken to her; or perhaps it was another part of this building or hall or…whatever. For now, they found themselves in front of a pair of sliding metal doors with a sign over the top that read:

> “Kink’s Kinky Kingdom: Soft Play for Adults that will get you Hard.
>
> Can you navigate the puzzles to reach the exit on Level 4?”

‘How do we get in?’ asked Priya and Tiffany gestured to a smaller sign at the side of the doors:“Entry: 1 Kinky Krown” read the legend above a slot that looked like something from an old fashioned vending machine.

‘Only we don’t have any ‘Kinky Krowns’,’ said Charlotte pointedly.

‘I think I might,’ said Priya.

The others looked at her.

‘There was a sort of shoulder bag inside the box I woke up in,’ Priya explained.

‘And you didn’t think to bring it?’ Tiffany snapped.

‘I was a little tied up.’ Priya turned to show her bound arms.

‘Which box was yours?’ asked Charlotte.

Priya gestured and Tiffany walked over to a crate, her heels clicking on the floor. Isabel watched her bend, giving them a flash of pussy that was clearly stuffed with something very large held in place by what looked like a tiny black thong. Then the redhead returned clutching a small black leather purse with a long strap.

Undoing the clasp, she carefully put her hand inside and pulled out a shiny gold coin which had a raised profile of Kink on one side and a crown on the other with a ‘1’ stamped into it.

‘I hope this works, it’s the only one in there,’ Tiffany said. ‘Shall we?’

Priya nodded and Tiffany pushed the coin into the slot.

There was a familiar klaxon sound and lights flashed.

‘Scenario commenced.’

The doors slid open.

‘Come on.’ Tiffany slipped the long strap of the little bag over her shoulder and nestled it between her breasts. ‘I’ll hang on to this in case we need to carry more coins unless one of you has pockets.’ She stepped towards the door then turned to Isabel. ‘You too Fido.’ She slapped her booted thigh. ‘Heel, there’s a good girl.’

Isabel glared at her over her gag but had little option other than to crawl forwards following the others, aware that as she did so, she felt something expanding inside her bottom. When she looked back she saw a tail swinging between her legs.

---

‘It must be some sort of maze,’ Priya said.

They had entered a room where the walls and floor were covered in what looked like glossy black latex. Ahead of them the wall had a horizontal gap in it at about thigh height that a girl could squeeze through. Above the gap was a sign:

> Level 1: Fellatio Floor

‘This guy certainly isn’t subtle,’ Tiffany said.

‘One hour and fifty nine minutes remaining,’ the familiar voice said.

‘There only seems to be one way to go,’ said Tiffany. She strode forward on her heels and, ducking down, lifted a thigh booted leg over the lower part of the wall then squeezed her top half through giving another flash of her pussy. It was a tight squeeze and Isabel was sure she saw the redhead glance at Charlotte as if expecting a sarcastic comment but none came.

Priya followed, struggling even more to squeeze through because of her bound arms.

Left in the room, Charlotte crouched beside Isabel. The blonde was smiling and Isabel saw her wink.

‘You look dead cute like that.’ The blonde said. ‘I’d keep you as my pet any day.’

‘Nggn.’ Isabel shook her head trying to convey to Charlotte that this was not the time but the blonde ignored her, stroking her hand along her back and over her buttocks before patting her bare bottom.

It might not be the time but it did feel nice.

A moment later, she felt the fingers of Charlotte’s other hand brush one of her nipples.

‘I love the ears too.’ Charlotte’s lips touched the side of Isabel’s head where it was covered by the hood.

‘Come on you two.’ Priya called, her face appearing at the gap in the wall.

‘I hope we can find something I can use for a leash.’ Charlotte grinned, standing and then ducking through the gap easily.

Isabel crawled forwards and scrambled over into the darkness.

---

The next gap in the wall was higher and, as her eyes adjusted to the gloom, Isabel watched as Tiffany struggled to climb over it. If she had not been gagged she might have told Charlotte to help her but there was little she could do. In the end the blonde held out her hands and told Tiffany to put her foot in them. Tiffany seemed to glare at the blonde but in the darkness it was difficult to tell.

After the second wall they had to scramble up an overly large staircase with steps around knee height. Like the walls and floor these were coated in shiny black latex. Charlotte led the way, taking it at a run while Tiffany went on her hands and knees displaying her pussy again to those below; with her arms restrained, Priya was forced to take it one step at a time on her bottom as Isabel crawled awkwardly up beside her.

‘Weeeee.’ Charlotte whooped from the top before disappearing and, when Isabel finally arrived, breathing hard she saw that there was a slide down.

‘This place is great.’ Priya grinned. She was flushed with the exertion of the climb but also, Isabel guessed from constantly sitting on the large plugs, the bases of which still protruded all too visibly between her legs.

Isabel watched as Tiffany held a mat on the slide while the Indian girl crouched beside it, then climbed on, setting her legs in front of her.

‘That is very rough,’ she said.

Tiffany let go and Priya began to descend.

‘Go on.’ Tiffany stood over Isabel who looked at the slide unsure how she was going to be able to get onto it. In the end, Tiffany held the mat and Isabel slid forwards, dropping onto her belly and breasts (the mat certainly was rough) to slide down head first with Tiffany coming behind her.

At the bottom of the slide was another rubber lined chamber. The wall ahead had a vertical gap at waist height and when Isabel arrived in a tangle of truncated limbs Charlotte was squeezed between it, legs straddling either side. The blonde had a dreamy expression on her face.

‘Are you getting that nipple thing?’ Priya asked.

Charlotte glanced back, her face flushed. ‘Nipple thing?’ she asked archly.

‘When my breasts touch something my nipples tingle,’ Priya said. ‘It makes squeezing through all these gaps quite fun. The plugs do it too when I sit down. It's rather stimulating. It’s probably just as well I’m restrained like this or I’d be constantly playing with myself.’

Charlotte nodded. ‘Oh, yes.’ She rubbed her breasts against the edge of the gap she was squeezing through. ‘I’m definitely getting it.’ She lifted her feet balancing astride the bottom of the gap. ‘Mmmmn.’ She grinned before disappearing through the gap.

Not for the first time, Isabel wondered if all four of them were being subtly, or maybe even not so subtly conditioned by this constant barrage of sexual stimulation. Although it was not plugged like the others, she was very aware of her bare sex and breasts and the presence of the rings piercing her nipples and clit.

---

Beyond this wall was a space that looked like a large atrium and, tilting her head back to look up from where she crouched, Isabel could see the levels of the Kinky Kingdom around them through a rope net that was stretched over the space. It reminded her of a children’s play barn she’d taken her nephew to once although this one was clearly designed for more adult play. She remembered all the bending and stretching and crawling and climbing; her heart sank at the thought of having to traverse all the levels on her knees and elbows even if the floor was of rubber. Maybe if her piercings responded as the others it might be a little more interesting. Her spirits plunged further when she caught her reflection in a shiny panel on one wall that revealed the full horror of her predicament: her suit had indeed given her ears as well as the tail. Her gag looked like a dog’s muzzle - a muzzled dog’s muzzle.

No wonder Tiffany was treating her like the family pet - she looked like it. The redhead was probably pissed that she and Charlotte had slipped away together and screwed up the last escape attempt.

Kink really knew his stuff - for Isabel, this was a humiliation.

She looked back at the others standing over her. They were standing around one of Kink’s restraint rings like the one she’d woken up in early - like the one she’d got herself trapped in during the first escape; the ‘red herring’ as Kink had called it. The devices he seemed to be used to keep them restrained in when they were not being forced to undertake some devious escape room scenario.

And that begged all kinds of questions: Were they in a VR environment? Was some of this real? What was happening to their real bodies?

She glanced down to look at her breasts and couldn't help a small feeling of joy. They were probably only B-cup but they were firm and Charlotte had enjoyed playing with them.

VR then!

‘“Take the challenge to earn Krowns…”,’ Priya read from a sign in front of the restraint ring. ‘Do you think it’s another red herring?’

‘I’d suggest our leader tries it again, just in case,’ Tiffany said, glancing down at Isabel, her voice laced with sarcasm, ‘she clearly has the most experience. Unfortunately, she’s currently not equipped.’

‘I wish I could do it,’ Priya said gazing longingly at the restraint, ‘I like a challenge, especially a bondage one, but I’m not equipped either,’ she added, turning to display her bound arms as she stepped towards the ring to get a better look at it.

‘I guess it will have to be me then,’ Charlotte said, stepping forward.

‘Be my guest,’ Tiffany said.

‘Wait.’ Priya stepped forward. ‘When we were in the underground base, we were released to do necessary tasks.’

There was a small dais in the floor in front of the ring that glowed with a light from beneath. Priya stepped onto it.

For a moment nothing happened, then her suit rearranged itself and she lifted her hands as if examining them as if she’d not seen them before; her arms and hands were still covered in the black substance which resembled shiny rubber but she was able to move her fingers. ‘Oh!’ She lifted her gaze up to the ring, looming over her some eight feet in diameter with its four cylinders pointing towards the centre. ‘Ok.’ Her voice had a note of uncertainty.

‘If you don’t want to…’ Tiffany said sharply.

Priya looked at her. ‘No, it’s ok, I want to.’ She reached up and pushed her hand into one of the cylinders then did the same with the other. The others watched as she closed her fingers round the grips and lifted her legs, planting her legs apart in the lower two. There was a clunk as the locks closed trapping her.

They waited expectantly.

‘Oh,’ said Priya. ‘Don’t tell me it's a red herring again.’ She looked up at her restrained arms then shrugged and smiled. ‘At least I get to spend the rest of the scenario in bondage.’

Around them lights flashed. ‘Scenario activated,’ a voice said. ‘This challenge will last six minutes.’

Then the ring started to rotate.

---

‘What the f…’ Priya just managed to stop herself as she slowly found herself turning upside-down.

The ring locked with her head down, her long braid hanging to the floor.

‘What happens now?’ she asked.

Her question was answered when a panel in the floor opened and something began to rise through it; a black cylinder that stopped at the height of her head; something then emerged from the cylinder in front of her face; a something about six inches long and a little over one inch in diameter; it had a slightly swollen tip.

Isabel was pretty sure she’d already dealt with one of these.

It was remarkably anatomically correct; a glans, shaft, dorsal vein…

‘What do I do?’

‘I’m guessing you have to suck it off,’ Tiffany said. There was a note of amusement in her voice.

Priya turned her head to look at the redhead.

‘You mean fellatio?’

‘Yup,’ Tiffany said. ‘You do remember the name of this level?’;

‘But I’m a good Indian girl,’ Priya protested, ‘I don’t do this sort of thing.’

‘You do now,’ Tiffany said, unable to suppress a smirk, ‘unless you want to stay like that.’

‘I’m sure Tiffany will give you some advice,’ Charlotte said cooly, folding her arms and leaning against the wall, ‘I’m guessing she’s pretty experienced.’

‘Watch it blondie!’

‘Ladies!’ Priya said with surprising sternness considering her position.

‘I’m just saying!’ Charlotte protested, straightening and glaring at Tiffany.

Isabel crawled forward, there was little she could do down on all fours and gagged but she put herself between Charlotte and Tiffany looking up imploring at the blonde.

‘Alright, Priya,’ Charlotte said, clearly understanding Isabel’s silent pleas for some constructive teamwork, ‘you basically just take the thing in your mouth and move your head back and forwards.’

‘Oh.’ Priya lifted her head forward with a rather disgusted expression and took the tip of the phallus in her mouth.

‘A bit more than that,’ Charlotte said.

Priya took it deeper.

‘Id doethn’d theem do be doing anythung,’ Priya said around a mouthful of rubber.

‘Deeper,’ Charlotte encouraged, ‘take it to the back of your mouth.’

‘What blondie is saying,’ added Tiffany, ‘is that if you’re not gagging on it you’re not doing it right.’

Priya glanced up at Charlotte.

‘There are other things you can do but that’s about the size of it,’ the blonde said, her cheeks colouring. ‘You might want to use your tongue a bit.’

Priya took the phallus deeper and gasped.

‘Too deep?’

‘No,’ Priya said, easing back a little, ‘I just got a little signal that I was doing it right. It was quite nice actually and I can taste lassi.’

‘It’s usually worse,’ Tiffany said wryly.

Pryia took hold of the phallus again and began to fellate it with more enthusiasm. ‘Mmmm.’ She squirmed in her bonds. ‘Nithe.’

They watched Priya working the phallus. As she did so, white fluid began to drip from her mouth and she began to squirm more.

‘Three minutes remaining,’ announced the now familiar disembodied voice.

‘Better up your game,’ Tiffany said, ‘I think we all know where this is going.’

Priya began to move her head more and Isabel was sure she could see the plug between the girl’s spread legs vibrating.

‘Two minutes…’

‘Ish a liddle dishtracding,’ Priya said.

‘Concentrate,’ snapped Tiffany.

Priya redoubled her efforts. Her nipple rings were clearly vibrating too. Then, suddenly, she gagged and a white liquid spurted out of her mouth.

‘You’re usually expected to swallow,’ Charlotte said then clapped a hand over her mouth. ‘Fuck! Did I say that out loud?’

Tiffany gave her a triumphant look and mouthed the word ‘slut’ as Priya struggled to swallow the last of the liquid that was spurting into her mouth and dribbling down her upturned face.

‘Swearing violation, punishment initiated.’

A layer of black covered the lower part of Charlotte’s face and her cheeks bulged.

‘That was actually, it’s quite nice,’ Priya said.

‘One minute thirty…’

‘What happens now?’ Priya asked.

Charlotte gave a gagged laugh and looked at Tiffany.

Tiffany glared back. ‘I’m guessing you’re expected to lick it clean,’ she said to Priya. ‘That’s what usually happens.’

‘Uggh?’ Priya’s face took on a look of disgust but she complied, her tongue running over the dripping phallus and her lips caressing it a little more.

‘Challenge complete.’

There was a click and the ring in which Priya was confined began to rotate returning the girl to the upright position.

‘Well, that was an experience.’ Still hanging in the ring, Priya looked and sounded pleased with herself. ‘You know I nearly climaxed too,’ she said to nobody in particular. ‘If I could have gone on a little longer I think I would have cum.’

Tiffany held up her hand. ‘Too much information.’

Apparently satisfied, the phallus began to retract and then the cylinder clicked three times spilling three Krowns onto the floor. Tiffany bent to retrieve them.

There was another heavier clunk and Priya lifted her feet out of the cylinders then climbed down as her hands were released.

‘You have cum on your chin,’ Tiffany said helpfully as she stuffed the coins into her satchel.

Priya reached up and wiped it off.

‘I hope I get to do that again,’ Priya said brightly.

Tiffany rolled her eyes.

---

There was another wall to scramble over and then one to squirm under making all of them go down on their bellies and then they were confronted by a pit some eight meters wide and filled with shiny black balls to traverse.

‘Eooee…’ Charlotte gave a gagged cry of excitement and leapt in, splashing balls against the walls; however she gave a startled yelp and seemed to be struggling.

Isabel looked up at her companions, unable to go in after her friend.

‘We can’t just leave her.’ Priya leapt in too.

‘Wait,’ Tiffany called but it was too late.

Still on the side, Tiffany and Isabel looked at each other as Priya also gave a cry of surprise.

Then Priya’s head reappeared above the balls.

‘My suit’s reconfigured,’ Priya said, turning slightly and showing her arms were once again pinioned behind her back, ‘my legs are stuck together too.’

At that moment, Charlotte’s head appeared. The blonde nodded in agreement. ‘I’m ‘ogdied’,’ she said struggling to stay upright then disappeared under the balls again.

‘Come on in,’ Priya said with a grin. Then she turned and began trying to swim through the pit kicking her legs like a dolphin’s tail.

Tiffany rolled her eyes, mouthed and expletive and jumped in leaving Isabel to crawl to the edge of the pit and slide in as gracefully as she could.

---

They emerged some minutes later at the other end of the ball pit; Priya and Tiffany both restrained, somehow assisting a hogtied, gagged and very flushed Charlotte onto the other side of the pit then letting Isabel use them to climb out before squirming out themselves.

All four lay in the rubber floor panting. Isabel’s companions were moaning too and she watched as Tiffany, apparently restrained in a reverse prayer position and frogtied rolled onto her belly giving a sigh of pleasure reminding her of how the redhead had moaned and whimpered as she was forced to orgasm by her suit in their first escape attempt. Charlotte and Pryia seemed just as aroused by what they had just done, a mix of pressure on their breasts and the inevitable movements of their plugs as they’d wriggled and squirmed through the pool of balls.

Isabel felt a pang of jealousy, watching as Charlotte lay in her back, eyes closed, body arched in a tight hogtie, moving her hips in a way that was obviously intensely sensual. The blonde’s nipples were stiff under the suit and Isabel was sure she could see them vibrating. She had an urge to touch them, to play with them but without the use of her hands, of her tongue, there was little she could do.

What might it feel like, when they finally escaped this ordeal? Would they still have the sexual urges that seemed to come so naturally or was it just the suits. Maybe she has just been naive; the others seemed to have such fulfilling sex lives. Even Pryia seemed to masturbate regularly by indulging in bondage fantasies. Would Charlotte tie her again? The thought at once horrified and excited her. Perhaps she might tie Charlotte like she was now, play with the blonde’s helpless body…dominate her.

Isabel suddenly realised she was rocking back and forth, rubbing her nipples and the rings piercing them on the rubber beneath her.

Tiffany was the first to reach orgasm.

---

‘I don’t want to pry,’ Priya said as she lay on her side, panting from her orgasm, her arms still restrained behind her and the legs of her suit apparently welded together ‘but are we being conditioned?’

‘I not sure I care,’ Tiffany said, also breathing hard. ‘F…’ She just prevented herself from a punishment.

‘Yes, it’s nice isn’t it?’ She looked over at Charlotte lying in her hogtie still gyrating her hips, watching as the helpless blonde reached her own orgasm.

Only Charlotte, Isabel thought, could have ‘swum’ through the ball pit tied as tightly as that.

‘You know for me, this is like a fantasy come true,’ Priya continued, her voice a little dreamy. ‘I’m here in tight bondage and I don’t have to worry about releases or timers or anything and I’m getting all the sexual stimulation I want. I bet I look really hot too. You know, if there are people watching this, there must be some nice Indian boys who’d be very interested even though I’m probably not technically a virgin anymore. Not when I look this good. I mean it’s not as if I’ve slept with anyone. I think they’d probably jump at the chance of meeting a hot dusky slut like me.’ Priya looked around, rolling to show her bare breasts as if modelling for the hidden cameras that were surely filming them. ‘And I can suck cock too,’ she said loudly.

‘One hour and thirty minutes remaining…’

Abruptly, the suits of Isabel’s three companions reconfigured.

‘Oh,’ sighed Priya, ‘I was really enjoying that.’

‘Come on,’ Tiffany said somewhat half-heartedly as she climbed unsteadily to her feet. Her disappointment was as obvious as Priya’s.

Isabel watched as Charlotte unfolded her limbs, bare again now in her shiny black cheerleader outfit. Her gag was gone too. The blonde gave a little gasp as one of her hands slid between her legs then she looked over at Isabel and winked.

‘That was fun,’ she said brightly as she sprung up, ‘I wonder what’s next.’

---

Next was a chess puzzle, a staple of the escape room genre and each of them had to follow a series of moves. Priya went first starting at king’s knight one and moving as if on the opening move to bishop-three then as a bishop to king four, diagonally to queen five and then ahead to the far side of the board. Isabel followed with an increasing complexity of moves. She was already half way across when she realised this but by then it was too late to go back and she couldn’t warn the others anyway. Tiffany followed behind leaving Charlotte with what turned out to be a fiendish series of moves. The blonde nearly made it too as Isabel silently urged her on, eyes focused on her pretty face contorted with concentration.

Then the blonde made a wrong move. The klaxon blared and a red warning light flashed. Abruptly, Charlotte’s suit began to reconfigure, pinning her into bondage as a circular cage began to rise for the floor around her.

‘Contestant will be eliminated in thirty seconds.’

The tube reached head height.

‘What?’ Tiffany looked between Isabel and Priya.

‘Twenty five seconds to elimination…’

Charlotte, her body encased in what looked like a rubber sheath dropped by a foot inside the cage.

‘What do we do?’ Priya looked as Isabel.

Isabel looked round frantically and then lifted an elbow to point to a post bearing the legend: “Emergency Release”. There was a slot beside it.

‘Use one of the Krowns,’ Priya said as Charlotte dropped another into the floor.

‘We only have three,’ Tiffany said.

‘There are only four of us!’ Priya snapped. ‘We can’t afford to lose anyone.’

Tiffany was clearly about to disagree but was interrupted by the phrase ‘Ten seconds to elimination.’

Charlotte’s breasts, shoulders and head were the only part of her visible now and her eyes were wide.

Tiffany fumbled in the purse and posted a coin into the slot.

‘Five seconds to elimination…’

Charlotte dropped again. Only the upper part of her face framed by the shiny hood of the suit, her blonde bunches and her cobalt blue eyes wider than Isabel had ever seen them were left.

‘Use another one,’ Priya said.

‘Three…two…one…’

Tiffany bit back an expletive and posted a second coin.

‘Elimination terminated.’

Isabel breathed a sigh of relief as the cage began to rise again.

---

‘I know what this is,’ Charlotte said after they had passed through another series of rubber walls, one bearing the label ‘The Bump and Grind Zone’. As earlier, they’d squeezed themselves through the horizontal and vertical gaps in the rubber covered spaces and all three of Isabel’s companions were flushed from the stimulation they were enjoying from their suits. The brunette, not party to these inducements, could only watch as her friends lingered in gaps, rubbing breasts and surreptitiously slipped hands between legs, pausing to give breathy gasps.

‘We used to train on something like this,’ the blonde continued, ‘it boosts agility and reaction time.’

There were three stations, grids of lights with LEDs above that looked like a stadium scoreboard.

‘I think that means three of us are supposed to do it,’ Priya said.

‘Duh!’ Tiffany rolled her eyes.

‘You can be quite unpleasant sometimes,’ Priya said indignantly, ‘we are here as a team.’

‘Yeah,’ said Tiffany, ‘that’s what I thought until Barbie and Fido over there decided it was better to make out than escape.’

‘Let’s just work on getting out of here shall we?’ Priya said sharply.

‘Fine.’ Tiffany shrugged and stepped towards the grid of lights,

‘The lights will flash,’ Charlotte explained, taking up position at the one furthest away from Tiffany leaving Priya with the station in the middle. ‘When the light comes on you have to tap it. It gets faster and if you miss one you lose a life…’ She paused. ‘Though I’m not quite sure what that might mean in here.’

Isabel watched the countdown in the LEDs above the light grids: 3, 2, 1 and then a light blinked on at each of the stations. The three girls moved to touch it. A second lit in each grid and the three girls moved again, Charlotte slightly quicker than the other two. A low light made Tiffany bend and a high one caused Priya to stretch.

‘Are you feeling it?’ Priya gasped, reaching up for her eight light.

‘Oh, yeah!’ Tiffany glanced over at Priya and nearly missed her next light.

‘It's a little distracting, isn't it.’ Priya leant out to the right to touch a light in the top right hand corner.

‘We’re being ‘rewarded’, Iz,’ Charlotte said by way of explanation, her voice giving some hint of the mixture of concentration and distraction the task involved. She was moving faster than the others, her slim athletic body in its black shiny rubbery top and knickers almost a blur of motion as she bent and stretched at an increasing pace.

Her LED showed a score of 14 as Priya reached 10.

‘I think you can guess how,’ Priya added. She sounded a little out of breath.

Suddenly, Tiffany gave a cry of pain and her hands went to her breasts. ‘Bastard!’. ‘Mmmph.’ Above the panel a red cross appeared on her LED beside the score of 11, then the lights started to flash again and Tiffany resumed her game.

Priya was the next to lose a life, her hands going to her large breasts as the rings in her nipples flashed brightly. However, rather than a grimace of pain, Isabel was sure she saw a slight smile and Priya’s hand briefly dropped to her crotch before the lights started again.

Thirty seconds later, Tiffany lost another life at 29, accompanied by a string of garbled expletives through her gag; however, she too rubbed her crotch before resuming her game.

Isabel’s gaze returned to Charlotte thinking, not for the first time, how magnificent the blonde was, that perfect body, not wiry like her own but firm and toned and…so responsive. Isabel sighed into her muzzle, feeling again that sensation of emptiness between her legs and beginning to remember almost fondly how she had been forced to escape her cage at the start of this scenario.

Tiffany went down at almost the same time as Charlotte missed her first light. The redhead had reached 46 as the third cross lit up. Charlotte, on 61, gave a little gasp and glanced towards Isabel with a slight smile as if sharing some sort of confidence before turning back, a look of intense concentration returning to her features. Tiffany meanwhile was down on her knees whimpering into her gag and, for a moment, Isabel feared the punishment for losing the third life was more intense than the others; then she realised the redheads hands were firmly pressed to her crotch which she was rubbing violently. A few moments later, the redhead fell onto her side, thrashing her limbs and mewling into her gag in the unmistakable throes of climax.

Tiffany’s cries caused Priya to glance over at her and as a consequence, she missed a light; a second red cross appeared beside her score of 49 and she gave a yelp as her nipples were punished again. Isabel saw her quickly touch her crotch again then return to the game with a focussed intensity.

Priya wasn’t as accomplished as Charlotte and she moved more slowly but she kept going for longer than Isabel would have predicted, finally succumbing with a score of 88 and sinking almost gratefully to her knees with her hands pressed against her groin. It took her only a moment to reach climax, throwing her head back and screaming with pleasure so loudly that Charlotte turned and missed her next light.

‘God, I love this place,’ Priya said, her voice resonant with post-organic bliss even as Charlotte gave a grimace and returned resolutely to her game clocking up her 100.

Charlotte managed 153 in the end, her rubber clad form seeming to dance in a blur of erotic motion, her blonde bunches dancing at the sides of her head, squatting and stretching and leaning in a way that, to Isabel, seemed to become more and more suggestive. Then, finally, she just stopped, standing completely still. Isabel saw her legs shake and then she tipped her head back.

‘Fuck.’ The blonde said. ‘I can’t… Of fuck, fuck, yes, yes, yesssss…’ Her hands jerked as if to come up to her breasts but never reached them; the blonde simply sunk to her knees even as the suit punished her for her language. It was clear, however, that she didn’t care.

---

It took the three girls a several minutes to recover during which Isabel envied them even more and she could only watch helplessly as the Krowns clicked mechanically from the playing stations: one for Tiffany, two for Priya and four for Charlotte.

At least, thought Isabel, Charlotte had recouped the price of her freedom from the chess puzzle.

Again it was the timer that brought them round.

‘One hour and twenty minutes…’

The girls staggered to their feet almost as if in some unspoken agreement; Priya and Tiffany restrained now, Tiffany with her arms in the reverse prayer position again and Priya in the more typical bondage sleeve configuration. Isabel had thought she heard their suits initiating some sort of restraint protocol for masturbation but Charlotte had been screaming so loudly it was difficult to tell. This interpretation was supported by the fact that the blonde was gagged once again but not restrained. Her suit had obviously taken exception to the multiple expletives for not only was there a huge ball stretching her mouth but it was attached to her nipple piercings which, like her nipples, were now clearly visible, poking out of her shiny black bra top. The blonde looked exhausted but Isabel thought she saw a smile behind the gag when she discovered the arrangement with her nipples.

‘Charlodde,’ Tiffany said with as much dignity as she could muster, ‘would u mine collecding de goins?’

Charlotte turned her head to look at the redhead, her nipples following a beat behind and then collected the coins, pointedly showing her four in two pairs as she stuffed them into Tiffany’s satchel: one pair for the price of her freedom and one extra.

Then they went through the next opening, Isabel following the others almost forgotten and growling quietly into her muzzle.

---

In the next room was a set of double doors like those they had entered the ‘Kingdom’ through and beside it was a device with which Isabel was very familiar: a saddle with a dildo attached. It was fairly clear to her how they were going to have to open the doors.

‘Does this mean I have to do more fellatio?’ Priya asked.

‘I shing id’s for somewhere elshe,’ Tiffany said.

‘I don’t think I can manage one,’ said Priya, ‘I’m completely full.’

Isabel shoved her way forwards with slightly more eagerness than she would have liked to demonstrate and climbed laboriously onto the device, straddling it and impaling herself once more.

She found herself blushing at how easily it slipped inside her and the pleasure it gave.

‘Challenge activated,’ the voice said, ‘arousal level at forty seven percent.’

‘Wow!’ Said Priya, ‘forty seven percent just from mounting it. I wonder if spending all this time together has somehow synchronised our bodies. We’re all getting horny together.’

‘You have four minutes and fifty five seconds to complete the challenge.’

‘That’s just menstrual stuff,’ Tiffany said, ‘she’s horny because she’s just watched blondie here get her rocks off and is feeling a little left out.’

Isabel tried to ignore them.

‘Arousal level at sixty one percent.’

Tiffany had been correct though and she thought of Charlotte, that athletic body clad in something that resembled black latex, stretched over those tight buttocks, of those lovely firm breasts and the rings in her nipples. Those nipples she had kissed… Been forced to kiss…

‘Four minutes remaining. Arousal level at eighty three percent.’

‘It is odd that we all have the same kind of kinks though,’ Priya said philosophically, we all seem to get turned on by bondage.’

Isabel might once have made some objection to the comment. After all, she was only doing this because they needed to escape and she had let her team down by being distracted.

She was doing this for the team.

She began to ride the phallus harder. It felt good because at least she was doing something now and it was just fortuitous that she really needed this orgasm.

‘Three minutes fifteen seconds. Arousal at ninety one percent.’

‘We’re behaving like this because we have things stuffed in every orifice and these suits keep doing things to us,’ Tiffany said.

It would, Isabel thought, be nice to slow down a little, to enjoy this feeling inside her, that warmth in her loins that was spreading out through her body. Surely she could prolong it just a little, a few more seconds after bliss. She closed her eyes, slowed a little, it was only a few seconds…thirty, perhaps, what was half a minute in a two hour escape?

‘Three minutes.’

A warm pleasure flooded from her sex into her belly and up into her chest.

‘Arousal at ninety five percent.’

She slowed a little more. It felt so good.

‘Come on, Iz,’ Tiffany said. ‘We haven’t got all day.’

‘Arousal level at ninety percent.’

Isabel felt herself blushing furiously. Somehow she had shut out the fact she was masturbating in public, in front of her friends.

‘Arousal level at eighty eight percent.’

Priya made a disapproving sound although whether this was directed at Tiffany or Isabel herself she couldn’t tell.

Then something brushed her nipple and she opened her eyes.

Charlotte was there, her beautiful face right in front of Isabel’s, those cobalt blue eyes above the huge gag, those straps attached to her nipples.

‘Arousal level at eighty nine percent.’

Charlotte teased her nipple again, her eyes shining with encouragement.

‘Arousal level at ninety seven percent.’

Charlotte pinched Isabel’s nipple.

‘Orgasm achieved.’

Isabel’s body resonated with pleasure, her sex spasming around the phallus, her nipples tingling deliciously, muted moans escaping her gag.

And when she opened her eyes again, Charlotte was still there, holding her gently.
