---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/buried/storiesad/beach_dreams.html
subcategory: Trashcan Stories
title: Beach Dreams
authors:
- Baron Law
tags:
- F/m
- mpov
- buried
- beach
- mast
- snorkel
- sendep
- cons
- X
date: 2024-12-08 00:00:00
---

*Tell me a story, Maggie?*

She describes an erotic sexual encounter at the beach. My cock stirs at the ideas she fills my head with. Sadly I am at work and this is highly inappropriate, but I can’t help but soak up every word. After she describes me filling her with my cum, she goes on with some additional details.

“Then I produce a shovel and began to dig in the sand near you. It takes until early evening for that hole to grow seven feet down. Helpless to do anything but obey, you slide into the hole. Sand quickly closes the hole to your shoulders, pinning your hands and arms to your sides. There is a snorkel and a mask. It is clear what I plan to do. You saw the night moon just as sand blocked the diving mask. You hear the rest of the sand fall into place. There is the sound of me tapping down all the sand, making your location invisible but for the snorkel. “

The words send a shudder through my body, my cock grows hard and precum leaks into my underwear. Luckily my desk covers my lap, the thin material of my dress pants does little to conceal my hardening cock. I reply to Maggie.

“Promise me we will do this, tell me we will make this happen?” I beg her.

 It’s madness, more than a little dangerous, but my hard cock betrays my common sense. I imagine myself in that hole at the beach. I can almost feel the sand climbing up my body, every scoop, every shovel full removing a little more of my freedom. The edges of the hole above my head. I’m breathing through a snorkel, my ears plugged against the sand, watching Maggie fill in the hole through my dive mask. The sand climbs higher and higher. My crotch is covered, the scrap of spandex I am wearing barely restraining my cock. She doesn't pause and the sand climbs higher and higher. It covers my nipples and almost to my shoulders, my arms trapped by now. I try to rock a little in my sandy prison. My hips barely move, my arms trapped as expected. I’m breathing heavily, anticipation fills my mind. Maggie fills the hole over my shoulders up around my neck and pauses. She leans in and pats the sand firmly down around me.

Is she stopping? Am I relieved? Do I want her to continue until I am gone? My cock throbs under the sand wondering what will happen next. I honestly don’t know what I hope will happen. Adrenaline surges through my body and has nowhere to go. My body is locked in place. I’ve never been this helpless, never been so completely under someone else's control. My heart racing, I wait for her to decide.

Maggie lays down next to the hole and my head. She speaks firmly, not too loudly but enough I can hear her through the ear plugs.

“Should I stop here? Should I cover you up until nothing remains but this breathing tube?” she flicks the snorkel with her finger.

“After all, you are already completely stuck and helpless, aren't you?” She smiles a wicked smile at me. “Try to escape for me.” She watches as my head wiggles around a little, but I can’t get an arm free. I manage to open a few cracks in the sand with my struggles, but it's obvious I’m trapped.

She plays with my hair a little and comments “So helpless, so stuck, so completely under my control.” She pulls out her cell phone and takes some pictures. She rolls onto her back and plays with her phone for a few minutes. Rolling back over she tells me “Wondering what I’m doing? Just sending your picture to a few friends. Asking if I should fill in this hole all the way or not. Maybe I’ll make it an online poll.”

I mph a little grunt into my dive mask. Not sure how I should respond to this information.

“Was that a yes? Should I post it online and take a vote? I agree with my pet, people are so kind on the internet after all.” That wicked smile is back on her lips. She rolls back over and continues doing things on her phone.

I am torn, do I want to be completely buried? Do I want complete strangers on the internet voting on my fate? My brain is saying one thing, my cock and hormones telling my brain to shut up and let things happen.

Maggie rolls back over and looks me in the eyes “It doesn’t look good for you Pet. Voting is running very much in favor of burying you. And several people have added suggestions in the comments. Luckily for you, I am not that cruel.”

“There was one suggestion I liked.” Maggie sets up her phone with the camera aimed at my head. “I’ve decided to live stream the final event, Pet, your fans demand it.”

Is she serious? Final event? I strain every muscle in my body and achieve nothing.

Slowly she pushes a small pile into the hole. The sand rises to cover my neck, tickling the bottom of my chin. Is she really going to do it?

She moves out of sight, behind me, I can’t turn to see her. What is she doing back there?

A pile of sand slides into the back of my head. Then another, and another, it flows around my head and slowly covers my chin and lower face. As suddenly as it started it stops. If I could move my hips at all I’d be cumming into the sand. This teasing and my helplessness is driving my hormones to new highs. Out of the corner of my right eye I see more sand flowing into the hole. Two scoops are pushed in, before she moves to the left side and repeats the performance. This slow motion burial is nerve wracking.

She’s back behind the phone and speaking again “Almost there, almost covered, almost gone Pet.”

I’m sure my eyes are filled with panic, but my brain is flooded with dopamine.

She stops her phone camera and checks her messages.

“Good news, bad news Pet.” She tells me with a twinkle in her eyes.” Which do you want first?”

I grunt a muffled mph. She can do what she likes, she will anyway.

“Bad news it is then.” I can hear the smile in her voice. “The vote was 29 for buried, 8 for unburied. The people have spoken."

“But the good news, the good news Pet is I get to decide what happens to you. You belong to me, not them.” She is practically purring as she says that. “I am in total control here and honestly it turns me on, knowing you are mine.”

"Do you remember a conversation we had once upon a time, Pet?" she asks, looking at my eyes through the mask. "You had remarked the more helpless I made you, the more turned on we both are."

Still looking me right in the eyes she pushed another pile of sand into the hole. "You said it was a dangerous feedback loop, that one day you'd get in serious trouble. That it would lead to both of us doing dangerous things chasing that sexual high."

"Honestly, I don't recall what I said back." Another pile of sand fills in the hole as she talks. "But you were right, you being helpless is a very powerful turn on. When we started I had no intention of burying you completely. I just dug the hole that deep to imply I might, to tease you with the possibility. Seeing you in the sand, helpless, has me squirming. How much more powerful will it be when I cover you completely up."

She leans into the hole, putting her face very close to mine. In a stage whisper she tells me "My hormones are sizzling right now, and it feels so powerful and good."

I strain and pull and grunt, I doubt it even shows on the surface. But I have to try.

"Ooooo Pet, that was a mistake." She purrs rolling onto her back at the edge of the hole. She wipes her hands off on a beach towel and from my limited view appears to be masturbating. She is soon panting and moaning, and thrashing around. Shudders wrack her body. It causes more sand to pour into the hole.

"You know I love to see you struggle." She has finished pleasuring herself for the moment. "I'm wondering how powerful the orgasm will be once you are gone, and only I know where you are. Completely, utterly, under my control Pet."

She sets up the phone in camera mode again, aimed into the hole "Goodbye, Pet."

Slowly but steadily, working her way around the edges, she fills in the hole. I'm not sure if she's going slowly to be safe, or to torment me. I hear a sound through the earplugs and the sand, an odd guttural sound. I realize it's coming from me, I'm moaning quietly to myself as the sand takes away my sight, sound and all contact with the world.

Maggie has moved behind me and is filling in the backside of the hole. It trickles around the sides covering my ears, but has not covered up the dive mask completely, yet. I can feel the vibrations as she pats down the sand, knowing she is drawing things out, saving my eyes till last.

A little piece of me hopes she is done, that she won't carry through all the way. She has moved around to the front again. Laying down right at the edge of the hole in front of me. Casually she scoops up a handful of sand and lets it trickle through her fingers. It adds to the total ever so slowly. Again and again tiny handfuls of trickling sand pile up in front of me, the level creeps slowly higher. Soon there is just the tiniest bit of the dive mask left uncovered. A sliver of something other than sand to look at.

Her eyes lock on mine, I see she's reached a decision. Maybe she's tired of the slow pace, or just wants to move on to whatever she has planned next. The reasons don't matter to me, the result is her pushing a large pile of sand, cutting off my sight and covering the top of my head all at once. I can feel vibrations as she continues to fill in around my head. The patting down of the sand, as she promised earlier, erasing all traces of me on the surface except for the snorkel end.

I'm gone, only Maggie knows where I am. Completely trapped by my own request. Utterly dependent on her to dig me out. I shudder, I strain, I flex every muscle in a full body effort to break free. The sand’s embrace is inescapable. No way to change my mind, no way to beg her to dig me out. This is it.

As those thoughts cross my mind I manage an explosive orgasm. Probably not a very large one considering we had just had sex a little while ago. But then I have never had one without direct physical stimulation, so this was completely unexpected.

I wonder what she is doing up on the sand above me. Maybe she's spread her beach blanket right over me. Literally laying on me. I suspect she is pleasuring herself again at the thought of my helplessness. How many times would she cum thinking about me under the sand? Would she fall asleep exhausted, almost laying on top of me?

Having nothing else to do, my thoughts chased themselves around my brain. What if she was asleep up there? How long would I be stuck? It could be hours before I was released.

My heart rate was climbing, so I did some deep breathing, trying to relax and accept my fate. My mind floated away, was this what I'd heard described as sub-space? The realization that you were not in control, someone else was and you could do nothing to change that.

Having no way to tell time meant it was either flying by or crawling, but I had no way of knowing. Was it ten minutes or ten hours? Did she take another online poll? "When should I dig up my Pet?"

All I could go was wait, wait for my Wicked Maggie to want me back. I worried and wondered when. But the silent sand held no clues.
