---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storieslr/outdoor_adventure.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Outdoor Adventure
authors:
- Too Shy
tags:
- Sbm
- cd
- maid
- cuffs
- belt
- gag
- hobble
- toys
- insert
- outdoors
- climax
- 'true'
- cons
- X
date: 2002-08-20 00:00:00
---

In my last story, I mentioned how I'd built a timer safe - I've been
asked about how several times, so I've created a document with photos of
the safe for those that want it - just drop me an email.

This time I thought I'd describe how I've taken inspiration from the
other writers here...

I've always had a deep fascination of self bondage, and have devised
many elaborate ways of restraint and release - however, it has almost exclusively
involved being inside the house, or in very close proximity.

I was inspired by several writers who have published here to try an
outdoor scene - this was something new for me, and the risks involved when
you live in a built up area always struck me as just too high.

However, not too far away from where I live is a well used forestry
commission park - it's a managed forest, used by walkers and mountain bikers.
I've thought about using is, but it is a bit well travelled and also the
only entrance is gated and locked out of normal hours - i.e. when it is
dark or less likely to be busy.

However, I decided that rather than take a car, I'd use a push bike
- it's a fair trek out on a bike, so I wanted to make it a nice long session
with lots of fun.

I'd also just purchased a new vibrator from Ann Summers called the Pulseatron
- it is a powerful device with multiple programmes for vibrations - it
is fantastic - get one! This would offer stimulation on one of the programmes,
but with no ultimate relief - good for extended use.

So, here is what I did:

Push biked out to the forest (8pm) - hopped over the gate (only designed
to keep cars out, so it's low - easy to lift a bike over. I wore my ordinary
clothes, and carried a strong rucksack with a lock - the two zips lock together,
and you can't get inside without a key - it might have looked flimsy,
but I experimented with my hands locked behind my back, and you can't get
in.

I decided to change on site, just for the added thrill of it - the choice
of clothing - easy, the normal Basque, stockings, suspenders, heels - I
added a tight sexy maids outfit because the late evening was a little chilly
- it also looked the part with the heels and stockings - it is very short,
and doesn't cover my arse even slightly.

I decided to use one of my more complex head gags - once on and locked,
you can't get it off – straps everywhere.

Next, I pushed the vibrator up my arse - not too big - I was going
to be walking over uneven ground!

I used a bondage belt, and leather strap between my legs - this had
the bonus of holding the vibrator in, and also squashing my balls and cock
tight against my body.

Next I used some of the great leather locking ankle cuffs - they are
very strong and soft for long term wear - I used a small hobble chain to
shorten my stride. I then needed to sort out the release mechanism, and
how I'd make this last a reasonable length of time.

Well, I locked my bike to a tree, and put all the clothes in the rucksack
and locked that. Now, I simply put the key to the cuffs under a small stone
10 cm in front of the tyre of the bike - I know this means I could pick
it up anytime, but what I wanted to do meant that this wasn't a problem.

I stood there for five minutes, contemplating if this was a good idea
- of course not, but then it wouldn't have been fun otherwise!

I put one of the leather wrist cuffs on my right wrist and locked it
in place - I attached the other wrist cuff to the D-ring on this cuff,
and then it was an easy thing to simply reach behind me, lock the D-rings
to the back of the bondage belt and put my left wrist in the cuff, pull
the leather tight, and push the lock through the holding clasp - for those
of you who use padlocks, you'll understand this bit.

I stood there, with the padlock spun round, so it was ready to shut
- I love just gentle pushing the padlock together against the spring -
almost closing it, almost... waiting for the click - how far can I go without
engaging the lock - I sort of bounce the lock between my fingers - those
who do it know what I mean - a bit more force every time - until suddenly,
CLICK - it's done.

The shiver this sends through my body hasn't faded with time - it's
one of the few things that hasn't. I had an easy out just a few feet from
me - the keys were under that stone.

However, what I wanted to do was just walk - see how far I was brave
enough to go - the tracks are quite open, and you did get late evening
runners who jumped over the barriers to use the forest trails - part of
the thrill - could I hide in time.

Well, I started walking - at first I found it difficult to make myself
put one foot in front of the other - I forgot to mention that I'd put the
controller for the vibrator in the top of the Basque round the front, a
little bit of careful positioning, and it wasn't going to fall out - it
also meant that I wouldn't be able to change the setting - I'd put it on
the intermittent strong pulse - drives you crazy after a while up your
arse I can tell you - but it's a great feeling.

So, off I set, further and further from the keys – I hate to say it,
but this is a true account, and I didn't get caught or seen, it turned
out to be just me - walking along - makes you feel a bit insignificant
I found - and I could see why the other writers on this site had tried
this - I felt amazing - every time I stumbled a bit, my heart raced, the
vibrator pushed against bits that is wasn't touching when I was just walking
straight - I'd bite harder into the gag, and the pulse of sexual energy
in me would jump - fantastic!

Well, I was brave enough to walk for maybe 30 minutes - quite a long
way I thought - now what I wanted to do was may a relatively easy trip
out a much harder trip back - so here is the surprise in the tale ;-) -
I'd been clutching a last padlock in my right hand the whole time - what
do I do with it - simple, I halved the length of the hobble chain - easy,
but oh boy, how effective!!!! - I squatted down to reach the chain, the
wind blew under my arse, sending shivers down my spine. I just couldn't
help but bounce the clasp of the padlock again - harder and harder, until
- CLICK - done again....

So, what was 30 mins out was now at least 60 minutes back - not a hard
calculation - also, it would take me twice as long to get off the trail
if I heard anyone coming.

Well, the excitement that I felt was fantastically intense - I almost
forgot about the discomfort of the gag, and the insistent buzz buzz buzz
of the vibrator - I found that the shortness of stride caused me to wiggle
my hips round a lot more that the trip out - this caused my cock to rub
almost painfully against the leather strap holding it against me - my erection
had been with me for a good hour now, and almost anything was making me
feel close to orgasm - but I had a way to go, so I kept stopping to try
and hold back a bit - this slowed me down even more, and although it's
summer, it was starting to get a bit darker than I wanted to cope with,
so I decided to speed up a bit.

This obviously ended up making me waddle along, step, rub, step, rub,
buzz, buzz - you get the idea – 15 minutes later I had one of those moments
that the chaps will know about - you know, you think that stopping, staying
still will stop the orgasm – but something - usually a stray thought about
what you are doing, whether its fucking - or locking in sexy clothes out
in the forest ;-) - makes you tip over the edge - god the orgasm was absolutely
fantastic. As the feelings died off, the cum dribbling down my stockinged
leg - I still had a 15 minute hobble ahead - not too bad. So, 15 minutes
later, when the gag, vibrator and cuffs were really beginning to get a
bit much.

I made it back to the bike safely, fumbled about with the keys for a
bit - but I was out - I had a mad five mins when I was naked of riding
the bike round the now dark, (it was unlit) carpark in the nude - just
for the hell of it - hey - it's the first time out side like this for me!
- then I got back to normality.

Well, I want to thank the writers who have talked about out door scenes
- as long as you are really careful - after all, getting arrested like
that would probably just about do you in mentally - I found it an amazing
experience.

Hope you liked it - I sure did ;-)
