---
original_url: https://www.dollstories.net/storieslr/magicalcostumedoll.html
subcategory: Doll Stories
title: Magical Costume Doll
authors:
- Johnsan
tags:
- M/f
- majick
- transform
- flatten
- seperate
- latex
- mannequin
- costume
- wig
- display
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2014-06-18 00:00:00
---

Petra
was fretting, walking to and fro, pacing like a caged animal. Jim looked at
her walking back and forth until he finally spoke. “So have you an idea what
you want for a Halloween costume, Petra?” he asked with a bemused expression.

“No,
I really don’t. Zilvy hasn’t told me what she’s going as so I have no idea what
mine should be,” she announced with a frown. “The only thing she told me was
to expect a package from her and that’s it,” she informed Jim.

“Well
I have an idea if you don’t mind,” he announced with a grin.

“Oh,
and what would that be?” she asked with a smile that distracted from her problem.

“Let
me make you a costume,” he invited the leggy redhead.

“How;
you’re no tailor. I bet you’ve never threaded a needle in your life?” She laughed
.

“No
you’re right; not with needle and thread, but using my magic.” he smiled.

“Oh
that’s right, the magic stuff. But I thought you just did the sawing in half
and card tricks only,” she asked with a puzzled expression.

“Well,
yes, but I’ve been learning some new stuff I’d just love to try,” he said enthusiastically.

“And
I’m the guinea pig?” she laughed, while moving closer to give him a better view
of her impressive anatomy.

“Oh
never that -- a mermaid or naga maybe -- but nothing like that, although a blue
furred cat girl does sound nice,” he chuckled.

Petra
stepped even closer so her short blue metallic mini-dress with its deep cleavage
was pressed against Jim's shoulder. Her large D cups pushed against him she
said “Mmmmm, now that I could go for, honey!” with a sexy grin on her beautiful
face.

Jim
blushed a little as he felt her warm body and smelled her sweet perfume. “So
you’ll let me try then?” he asked again with an excitedly nervous tone to his
voice.

“Sure
hon, but only if you restore me when Zilvy gets here. Promise?” she asked Jim,
knowing that his was not just the classic stage magic but the magic of legend
as Jim was able to affect actual transformations when he performed with her.
When he sawed her in half she was **actually** in two pieces, sometimes for
hours, if not a day or two. Petra thoroughly enjoyed it. She even cajoled him
for more but he always said 'not yet' as he needed to become more experienced.

“So
what are you going to do to me, Jimmie?” she smiled and kissed him on the earlobe
while rubbing his shoulders.

“No.  It’s
a surprise Petra,” he protested as she began to touch him in ever more exciting
ways. “Now unless you want me to tear your dress off and ravage you right here
and now you’ll stop,” he grinned, then turned and grabbed her giving her a big
wet kiss which seemed to last for quite a while.

He
broke the kiss and grabbed her hand, leading her to a room where he kept his
magical props and gear. A giggling Petra with her auburn locks followed as he
led her to what looked like a set of oversized laundry wringers on an old fashioned
tub.

Jim
patted the stainless table that contained the wringers. “Just hop on, Petra
and we’ll give this a spin,” he smiled at his red-headed assistant.

Petra
looked at the apparatus with her mouth open in surprise. “You’re going to flatten
me!” she squealed excitedly, giving him a hug. “I’ve been so wanting you to
try this on me!” she cooed as she stripped off her dress and hopped up on the
table.

Petra
looked at Jim expectantly, while Jim just seemed to be in a reverie as he stared
at Petra’s magnficent body.

“Jimmie…
uh, Jimmie, hello,” she snapped her fingers.

“Huh…what?
Oh, sorry Petra, but you know you always have that effect on me,” he grinned.

“It
wouldn’t have anything to do with the fact that you’re such a letch?” she giggled.

“Oh,
you wound me, dear Petra!” Jim clutched his chest as he went through a set of
badly acted paroxysms.

“You’re
a magician, definitely not an actor, that’s for sure. Now flatten me already!”
she laughed as she lay flat on the table.

“Everyone’s
a critic!” he grinned as he turned on the electric motor that began spinning
the metal rollers of the device. “Hope you don’t mind me pressing you for this,”
he laughed as Petra groaned at the joke.

Her
groan didn’t stop but grew as she felt her toes enter the rollers and began
to compress. Instead of pain or fear she felt a long unending orgasm from her
toes to her vagina. “OOOHHHHHH!!” Petra moaned aloud.

“I
thought you’d enjoy this!” Jim announced with a grin. Petra just smiled and
moaned as the rest of her was slowly flattened so what emerged appeared to be
more like a deflated love doll than a human being.

As
the rollers took more of her in, the waves of erotic pleasure bombarded her
mind. Petra’s moans of pleasure filled the room, slowly, growing in intensity.
“OOOOHHHHHH… AAAHHHHH!!!!” she cried out as her vagina went under the rollers
the orgasmic rush almost making her black out. *“I wish he’d do this again
and again!”* Petra said to herself as she felt the last orgasmic wave wash
over her.

Soon her
belly was flattened as well, then her breasts began to be flattened. The steady
wash of pleasure continued as this happened, but as Petra’s breasts were put
under the crushing pressure of the rollers the intensity of the feeling increased
again.  As before, Petra’s moans of pleasure filled the room as her chest and
arms were reduced to two dimensions. “AAAAHHHHH…UHHHH… …OHHHHHHHH!!!!! GEEEZZZ!!!”
Petra cried at the top of her lungs in joy as her body was crushed by the magical
metal wringer.

A
sweating, panting, wild eyed Petra looked up and said right before her head
went in, “We should have done this ages ago, hon!!” Then she was gone except
for the two-dimensional flesh colored image of her that lay on the other side
of the wringer, folded up like a concertina.

Petra
lay in a pile of flesh, reveling in the touch of her skin upon herself, feeling
for the most part what she always thought a love doll must if it were alive
and folded up in its box.

Jim
picked up the pile of pink girl flesh and rubbed it between his hands, marveling
at how soft and supple she was like this. He pulled on her skin and watched
how it stretched like rubber.

Petra
moaned as Jim played with her transformed body. _**“OOHHHHHH***_it’s
like I’m latex -- flesh colored latex. This is so strange but I love it,”* she
told herself as he played with her.

“You’re
not through yet, Petra,” Jim announced to Petra’s amazement.  He picked up her
limp form and carried her over to another table where he laid her out flat.
With a big grin he grabbed a large pair of scissors and began cutting.

*“No,
what is he doing!? He’s going to cut me? No Jimmie stop don’t!!”* She screamed silently as he began slicing into her. *“Wait. . . oohhhh,
what is that?!”* she wondered as she felt an intense rush as he quickly cut
her head off from the rest of her body. *“My head -- oh heavens -- he decapitated
me, but it felt so good!”* she said to herself in wonder.

“Sorry
to scare you; magic scissors.” he held them up for her fixed staring eyes to
see. Jim then picked up her head and looking at the cut seam used his index
finger to actually open her flattened head like someone might open an envelope.
“Well look at that, Petra, you’re hollow inside honey!” Jim laughs as he runs
his hand into her hollow head, pushing her out and stretching it like some novelty
mask.

*“OOHHH!!
He’s stretching meeee!!”* Petra moaned
to herself as Jim played with her. Through the constant stream of erotic sensations
the realization hit her that she was stretchy and hollow. *“AAAHHHH!!… he’s
not going to **wear** me. Is he?”* she asked herself as he stretched her
face.

Instead
of answering her question, Jim turned back to her headless flattened body and
began to use the scissors on her again. Soon her body lay in pieces like an
outfit pattern. Now someone could wear Petra if they wanted.

Again
Petra felt those same feelings as she was taken apart. She could feel herself
in different places as Jim picked her up and examined her. Jim again looking
at the seams of the different pieces opened them up as well. Petra now felt
as if she was just a collection of items destined to be worn by someone.

Jim
looked at her and smiled. “You know I could just sell you to a costume shop
now, Petra,” he laughed “Or maybe just fold you up and put you away for a few
years,” he told her while rubbing her very supple and soft skin.

Petra
moaned again in her mind as he did that. *“Ohh, if you do that I might not
mind too much as long as it feels like this!”* she giggled to herself as
she lay there.

“But
that won’t happen as I have still more planned for you Petra,” he picked up
her pieces and carried her into another part of the room to a darkened corner.
Petra couldn’t make out anything as she’d been folded over herself, effectively
blinding her.

In
moments she felt herself being laid out on a table. Then she was able to see
as Jim laid her out as he began arranging her for something. He then disappeared
from her sight leaving her to enjoy being flattened and in pieces.

Jim reappeared
a few moments later then out of her eyesight she heard the sound of something
plastic being put on a nearby table. Petra the felt her legs being handled by
Jim and then seeming to slide upon someone’s leg. But instead of the warmth
of a human being it felt cold and plastic but still from her perspective it
was another orgasmic rush as it was filling her hollow skin. Petra moaned in
her thoughts again *“AAAHHHHHH!!! Oh geez!! Uh ..uh..  Aahhhh!!”* she cried
out to herself as this happened.

Soon
Petra felt both of her legs returned to solid three-dimensional form. She then
felt her hips and crotch as they were slipped over something hard and smooth
like plastic. The orgasmic rush peaked long and hard when she felt her vagina
being stretched and pulled. Rapidly she felt her arms and belly as well as they
stretched out to resume their normal form except she couldn’t move.

When
she felt her chest being stretched she again felt that same overwhelming feeling
as if she was being made love to by everyone who had ever done so at the same
time. *“MMMMMMMM!!…uh ..uh…OHHHHHH!!!”* she wailed in her mind. It continued
after she was back in the third dimension as she felt someone’s fingers caressing
her nipples and breasts. Petra marveled at how firm they seemed and how when
someone squeezed them she could feel the hard smooth skin she was draped over. *“What does he have me on, if not a human being?”* she thought to herself.

Petra
got her answer as she felt herself being picked up and saw for the first time
where her flattened body now was. *“I should have known! I love it!”* was
all she thought as she saw her skin on a mannequin’s plastic body.

*“MMMMM,
no wonder it feels so good! What is he going… oh I know the head,”* she giggled as he opened her up and slipped her over
the mannequin’s head. Petra moaned loud and long in her thoughts as this happened
knowing she was completely enveloping a beautiful display form.

“Now
one more trick, Petra, and this Halloween costume will be done!” Jimmie announced
with glee. He came up to Petra’s skin like form and began to rub the seams where
he had separated her into pieces. As he did they began to soften and blend into
each other rejoining to make her whole.

_**“OOOHHHHHHH…
what is he doing… AAAHH!!!”*** she again orgasmed as he did this
to her body.  In moments, Petra’s skin was now fully joined back together. Petra
sighed mentally as this happened enjoying the sexual afterglow from her transformations._

_Jim
stood in front of her, grinning. “You’re thinking that’s it,” he shook his head.
“Nope; still more, beautiful!” he announced when he produced a marker. Jim walked
over and Petra felt the marker around her shoulders, waist wrists, and right
thigh. When he had finished he produced a black silk cloth and covered her up._

_Petra
was totally blind again but began to feel a tingling as she felt herself separate
again, this time at those points where Jim had drawn upon her. The pleasurable
feelings that swept over her were overwhelmed by another feeling._“I
feel different, somehow. I feel hard and rigid, not soft and shapeless like
before. I don’t feel like I’m being worn anymore but - - naked? What did he
do to me?”* she asked herself in amazement.

She
stood there blind as the silk sheet lay draped over her but wherever it touched
her she felt such a rush of pleasure. It seemed almost overwhelming for her. *“I still can’t move but it feels so good when I’m touched. What am I now?”* she wondered as she stood there bewildered.

Petra
could hear Jim wheel something over to where she was but was still curious as
to what. With a flourish, her curiosity was satisfied as the sheet was whipped
away showing her as a redheaded mannequin standing in front of the mirror.

It
took her breath away, if she’d been breathing but the sight of herself as a
beautiful mannequin was enough to make Petra orgasm right there. Even though
the only thing she and the mannequin that she was now shared in common was the
same hair color. It still was something she was enjoying more than anything
she’d done with Jim up to this point.

Petra
stared at herself but she couldn’t do anything else now as a frozen plastic
woman. Jim walked up and began rubbing her plastic mounds with a grin. “I bet
this is something you’ve always dreamed of, isn’t it Petra, honey?” as his hands
moved over and over her super sensitive plastic skin.

Petra
again moaned to herself as she orgasmed from Jim’s caresses. “You know Petra,
that package arrived yesterday from Zilvy,” he grinned as he related the news.

*“What?
Why didn’t you give it to me or at least tell me!”* she
thought angrily.

“You’re
probably wondering why I didn’t give it to you. Well I opened it up and read
the note that’s what gave me the idea for your costume.” he grinned even wider.

*“Boy
are you going to get it when you change me back!”* Petra
thought with blood curdling thoughts going through her now plastic mind.

“Now
don’t get angry Petra dear I did this for you, as well as myself,” he chuckled
“You see the package Zilvy sent you _**was*** a costume, but a special
costume. From the letter she included she had herself changed into… this!” He
pulled a blue colored latex costume that resembled something a witch might wear.
Well, a sexy, beautiful, fetish witch that is. It had a low cut bodice and short
skirt that only came to just below Petra’s hips while the long sleeves and matching
gloves covering her hands. Her feet were taken care of by the latex stockings
and thigh high boots. The rest of the outfit included a latex bra and a pair
of latex panties._

_Again
Petra found her non-existent breath taken away by the sight of her lover changed
into a latex costume._“Oh damn she’s soooo sexy like that! I can’t believe
it! She wanted me to wear her today. My sweetie is just so good to me!”* she
thought happily to herself. *“But now she can’t! Wait… is this what he had
in mind the **whole** time?”* she again giggled to herself as she thought
about it.

“So,
you see, this is what I have in mind for you two. Tonight you’re both going
to the party but in the perfect costume. Everyone there will just think you’re
a part of the décor for the party. Just a costumed doll!” He grinned at his
own impudence.

Later
that night at the party in the Magic Shop a red headed mannequin stood frozen
at the entrance, greeting guests wearing a blue latex sexy witch costume. Noticed
by the guests she greeted and with some of the ladies feeling her costume with
envious eyes, all Petra could do was revel in her form and costume with one
thought. *“I wonder what he can do for Zilvy and me on Valentines Day?*

**End??**
