---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Garbage Collection Delay
authors:
- Traitor
tags:
- M-f
- naked
- toys
- insert
- bond
- rope
- gag
- bagged
- garbage
- messy
- trashbag
- dumped
- transported
- disposal
- climax
- cons-nc
- XX
date: 2014-09-09 00:00:00
---

Note: This story has a good and a bad ending.

Katie looked out the window with lust at the big pile of garbage that had accumulated in the middle of the cul-de-sac . "They said that they won't be able to collect the trash for another few weeks," Said Ron, her husband. "That gives us plenty of time to let you play in that big pile of garbage, if you want". Ron said to Katie.

"Yeah, I definately want!" She replied.
Most of the town was unhappy about the current situation. Some kind of accident had happened that took most of the garbage trucks out of service. Only a few of them were running and those that were were running full time.
Ron didn't particularly like Katie's sexual interest in garbage. He wished that she had some other fetish that he could partake in, something normal like a foot fetish. He loved his wife though so he helped her with her trash fantasies.
Ron got the garbage bag out of the kitchen trash can and then double and triple bagged it. He then took it to the bedroom where Katie was inserting a dildo into her ass and a vibrator into her pussy. Ron placed the garbage bag on the floor and went to tie Katie up. First she had her knees pulled back to her busty chest and then she was tied into a ball. Her arms were tied behind her back and then Ron shoved a large black penis gag into her throat. Katie was immobilized.

Ron felt his penis stir at the sight of his helpless wife. They both worked together to roll her into the trash bag which already had a few things in it. Once she was in the center, Ron lifted the sides of the bag and looked down at his trash. He couldn't hold it any longer, he took out his penis and started masturbating. He quickly came deep in the garbage bag and commented, "I can't believe I just jerked off to the sight of my garbage, I must be going mad"! 
As he pulled up his pants Ron went around the house gathering the trash cans and dumping them one by one into Katie's bag. Since there was no collection for several weeks the garbage around the house had gathered up. Katie watched as she was treated like nothing except garbage, All kinds of trash was poured onto and around her. Some things stuck to her, some things ran down her body in liquid form, other things completely disgusted her. Katie could hardly believe she was doing this, She could hardly believe she got off on being trash.
Before long the bag was filled to the top, and no sign of Katie could be seen. The bag was almost bursting full because of how much garbage Ron had stuffed into it, he had put his weight down on the bag to make more room and just dumped more garbage until there was nothing left to get rid of. Katie had an orgasm as Ron tied the bag shut. It was complete, she truly was just trash now. Ron picked up the bag and started for the door, "Urgh, Heavy trash, but I have to put it out just in case the trash men come!" Katie had an orgasm at that comment.
The bag was carried into the dark night. Katie had wanted to do this under cover of night because she wanted Ron to bury her at the bottom of the pile. Ron set his garbage down and started to pull bags out of the pile to get to the bottom. Once he had made a nice hole he grabbed his bag and threw it unceremoniously as far down the hole as possible. "Hope the garbage men come tomorrow." Ron said as he threw the last of the garbage bags back into the hole, covering it up and leaving it looking just as it had before. 
Hurrying back inside to escape from the chill outside Ron locked the door, took a nice long hot shower, and went to bed. Upon waking up Ron heard the birds chirping and felt like it would be a good day. Going to the kitchen to get some cereal Ron looked out the window and was pleasantly surprised to see half of the big pile of garbage gone. WAIT! GONE? "Oh crap what’s going on are the garbage men here?" Ron frantically said to himself as he rushed outside. 
"Hey, Hey whats the panic Ron? Forget to turn off your headlights?" The man, Ron’s neighbor, laughed and continued throwing the trash bags one by one into the back of his pickup truck.

"What’s going on, what are you doing with the trash?" Ron asked.

"Well I figured everyone around here is about sick of seeing and smelling this pile of trash so I'm just gonna be a good neighbor and get rid of it".

Ron looked around for the bag that his wife was in but there was nothing to distinguish it from all the others, and he couldn't just call out her name or start rummaging through the garbage like a madman. "What are you going to do with it, the trash I mean?" Ron asked.

"I'm not sure yet I have a place out of town I can burn it maybe there, or I could take it to the landfill but I don't have any idea where that's at, do you?"

Ron knew where it was, he hoped he could convince his neighbor to take it to the landfill so he could get her out safely there. Ron gave him directions but the neigbor was reluctant to go. "It's too far out of my way to go there, I'll just take it to my farm outside of town".

The neighbor kept throwing bags into the back of his truck. "Well it's not very good for the environment to burn it why not just take it to the landfill". Ron kept trying to convince him.

"I don't really give a crap about the environment, Besides it's a lot faster and easier my way".
Ron wasn't able to convince him to take it to the landfill instead, and before long they took off in the pickup to drop off the first load. Fortunately, They only took about 1/5 of the garbage because that's all that his truck could hold. Ron poked through the remaining garbage and whispered his wife’s name. He tried not to look too out of place by searching through the garbage. He searched for a while before he concluded that his neighbor had taken his garbage, including his wife, in the first pickup load. 
Ron waited for them to return for the second load. This time his neighbor had a few friends with him. The friends said they would pile the garbage up and hoped for a big and cool fire. Ron, in a desperate attempt to save his wife, asked them if he could attend. Unfortunately they wouldn't let him because their truck was full and they doubted his vehicle could make it up the muddy track. 
The neighbors worked for a while and got the second, third, fourth, and finally the fifth load. They were excited as they hoped to see a big fire. They had also got some hotdogs and marshmallows for a weenie roast.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Katie was enjoying herself, she had at least 5 orgasms that night after her loving husband Ron had thrown her away. It was slightly cold but since Katie was at the bottom of the pile she stayed nice and warm. It wasn't long before she drifted to sleep with the vibrator buzzing away in her pussy.
Katie was awoken by some of the trash being moved around her. She wasn't quite sure what was happening but expected it was her loving husband Ron come to get her out. This assumption was proven wrong when she heard another voice, the voice of one of her neighbors. "Damn trash guys, get billed this month even though they didn't do their job". He complained to himself while working. "I hate this damn trash makes the community look so bad can't wait to see it burn". For some reason Katie had an orgasm at that.
Katie knew what was happening from the conversation her neighbor was having with himself. The trash, which included herself, was being cleaned up by her thoughtful neighbour. It wasn't long before she felt the trash around her get taken one bag at a time. The light came down and through her bag allowing to see the trash in her bag, which included herself. She felt her bag get lifted slowly, as it was very heavy, and then dropped hard on the pavement suddenly.

"DAMN fuckin' heavy trash I hate this damn trash fucking can't wait till it burns". He kicked her bag hard, "Yeah that’s right I can't wait till you burn you stupid bag of trash". He obviously didn't know she was in the bag but his anger tantrum made him go kinda crazy. She had an orgasm regardless. Katie was fearful but also very aroused at being treated like true garbage. To the neighbor she wasn't a person, she was just a bag of trash.
Katie again felt herself get lifted and thrown across the air. She landed in the back of his pickup truck on top of several other bags. More bags followed until Katie's trash bag was invisible. After a short while she couldn't hear much of anything from all the trash on top of her.
It wasn't long before Katie heard and felt the truck start, and then felt it move. When the ride finally ended she waited patiently in her bag. She had a few orgasms during this wait as they removed the trash and piled it up somewhere else. When it was finally her turn to be thrown out the neighbor said, "Help with this this bag it's really heavy". They both lifted and threw her on to the pile with the rest of the garbage.

"Hey man don't you think we should look through some of this trash we could find something valuable" One of the guys said.

"Nah, I don't think so. If it's trash to somebody else it's trash to me. Just trash not really worth digging through".

---------------------------------------------------------------------**Good Ending**---------------------------------------------------------

Later that day as it was getting dark, Ron was sitting at the kitchen table. His eyes were filled with tears and he was curled up into a ball. He didn't know what to do but he knew it was too late. What would he tell the police? What about his family? Just as his tears started to clear up and he was getting himself together, he heard a knock at the door.
Wiping away his tears and making himself look presentable he went to the door. It was too dark to see his eyes or face so he wasn't worried. Not that it mattered anyways. It was his neighbor at the door with a big smile on his face.
"Hey man take a look at this". He said, showing Ron a video on his phone. 
The first thing Ron saw on the video was a big pile of garbage bags in an opening. There were several guys sitting on lawn chairs and making jokes and laughing. One of them said, "Okay time to light it up". The guy in the video went to get a can of gasoline, which he used to throw gas over the bags of trash. He made a trail of gasoline from the garbage to several feet out. Another guy lit a match and threw it onto the trail which blew up suddenly at the laughter of everyone around. The fire quickly followed the trail and ignited the garbage on fire to the applause of everyone in the group. It didn’t take long before the fire had grown to a huge size as it swallowed all of the garbage. There the video ended and he thought that his wife Katie had burnt in the fire.

"It's strange what people throw away in the garbage these days," his neighbour said, "but I thought that you must have throw this out by mistake..."

He moved to one side to reveal a black garbage bag sitting on the ground behind him.

"Lucky for you I checked why the bag was so damn heavy, otherwise..." he chuckled looking at his phone with the image of the fire on it. "Better take more care when you throw things out!" He said as he left. "Mind you the guys did have fun playing with your 'trash'!"

---------------------------------------------------------------------**Bad (Original) Ending**---------------------------------------------------------

Later that day as it was getting dark, Ron was sitting at the kitchen table. His eyes were filled with tears and he was curled up into a ball. He didn't know what to do but he knew it was too late. What would he tell the police? What about his family? Just as his tears started to clear up and he was getting himself together, he reached for the revolver at the center of the table. Suddenly there was a knock at the door.
Wiping away his tears and making himself look presentable he went to the door. It was too dark to see his eyes or face so he wasn't worried. Not that it mattered anyways. It was his neighbor at the door with a big smile on his face. Ron suddenly perked up seeing his neighbors smile. Ron thought that maybe they had found his wife in the trash and got her out. 
"Hey man take a look at this". He said, showing Ron a video on his phone. 
The first thing Ron saw on the video was a big pile of garbage bags in an opening. There were several guys, probably 10 of them sitting on lawn chairs and making jokes and laughing. One of them said, "Okay time to light it up". The guy in the video went to get a can of gasoline, which he used to throw gas over the bags of trash. He made a trail of gasoline from the garbage to several feet out. Another guy lit a match and threw it onto the trail which blew up suddenly at the laughter of everyone around. The fire quickly followed the trail and ignited the garbage on fire to the applause of everyone in the group. It didn’t take long before the fire had grown to a huge size as it swallowed all of the garbage.
His neighbor ended that video although there was obviously more. Ron had fresh tears running down his face but the neighbor couldn't see because of the darkness.
"Okay now look at this there was a racoon or some type of animal in there". He skipped the video to around half way. 
The first thing Ron saw was several people getting as close to the fire as possible to cook their hotdogs or marshmallows. Ron saw in the video the fire had burned up most of the bags on top and was reaching those on the bottom, He could faintly hear a high-pitched scream coming from the fire. One of the people sitting around watching said, "Hey do you hear that? It must be a racoon got stuck in the garbage!" Everyone laughed and took out their phones to record what was happening as the animal in the fire was burned alive.
Ron knew it wasn't an animal, It was his wife screaming as best she could through the penis gag. Ron's neighbor ended the video and said, "Just thought you might want to see that, Sorry you couldn't come. If they don't get the garbage guys out again soon we might be able to do it again!"
The neighbor left and Ron went to the table again and picked up the gun...
