---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/dream_assignment4.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Dream Assignment 4 - For You
authors:
- Jezziebelle
tags:
- MMM/f
- D/s
- bond
- objectification
- piercing
- cons
- X
date: 2006-06-01 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Dream Assignment 3 - Three Times Free**](dream_assignment3.html))

*Bound hand and foot, Josie is awaiting whatever plans Jack has in
store for her...*

**Part 4 - For You**

Josie's hands were bound with rope behind her back. Her ankles were
also roped together, and a ball gag stretched her mouth and silenced her
very effectively. Hair dishevelled and dress disarranged as she'd struggled
very pleasurably against being tied up, she now lay on her side in the
middle of the biggest playroom in Jack's exclusive BDSM club, waiting for
him. They were alone now.

Eventually, Jack pulled a chair towards where she lay and sat down,
contemplating his captive.

He'd offered her any one of three possible entertainments that evening
-- two different suspension scenes (one right way up, one upside down) and
a hogtied mummification -- but she hadn't chosen any of them. He hadn't
been entirely sure how she'd react when he showed them to her in live action,
with three of his best clients and their submissive partners. He'd thought
she might select one, or might even safeword out of the whole situation.
But no... she'd flashed him a 'catch me if you can' look and fled for the
door.

He almost envied her the sensation of being caught. All four men in
the room had pounced on her before she'd reached the exit, and had her
tied and gagged before she'd had time to catch her breath from the rugby
tackle that brought her down. She'd struggled against them like a pro,
but she stood no chance against them. She must have know that -- so why
run? To make them stop her, of course...

Jack surveyed Josie in a new light. When they'd first met, the owner
of a sophisticated BDSM club being interviewed by a bright, bondage-virgin
journalist, he'd offered her a little taster of what his club could offer
and she'd clearly enjoyed it. She'd returned that afternoon to show him
her article, and though she couldn't admit it, she'd wanted him to tie
her up again. After a little teasing, he'd obliged. And now, here she was
running eyes wide open into what he'd promised would be an intense experience,
even for a man like him.

He had to admit it, the woman he'd thought was a total beginner was
now challenging him to give her his worst. Not in words, no... but in her
actions and reactions. She was a novice, no doubt about it. But he'd stumbled
on something deep. He'd known from the minute they'd met that she was special.

Josie lay still, wondering why Jack was so silent. He'd been looking
at her for several long minutes. His gaze at first made her writhe in her
bonds, as if his laser vision could heat her up inside to orgasm -- and
in fact she'd experienced a tiny little one, just from the things she'd
seen that evening and his gaze. Now she lay still, watching his face.

She'd no idea what he had planned for her. She didn't even know why
she'd tried to run like she had. But no, that was a lie... she'd run so that
he'd stop her. And now here they were, alone, and all she could do was
await her fate.

Eventually Jack moved from his chair, and came to kneel beside her as
she lay on the floor. Gently, he helped her up till she knelt in front
of him, face to face, her wrists and ankles still bound. Then he unbuckled
the gag and removed it from her mouth.

As soon as she'd worked her jaw muscles back to life, he leant forward
and kissed her -- touching her with nothing but his lips, while her hands
were held captive behind her. She responded with passion, and Jack knew
the step he was about to take was the right one.

'For you,' he whispered, 'I'll give up my work here. I'll own the club,
and train my staff, but I won't work with any of the female clients again.
You'll be the only one.'

He was giving up his whole career, but didn't care. Since he'd met her,
she'd been the only one he was interested in.

Josie gave him a shy smile, stunned at his offer. What could be more
perfect? She'd resigned herself to a master-client relationship -- a special
one, true, but still lacking something. This was all she needed to make
it complete.

'And in return'?' she asked, holding his gaze, twitching against the
ropes that bound her.

Jack's face slowly broke into his trademark wicked grin. 'Anything and
everything,' he promised, 'that my fervid imagination can bring to bear
on you.'

A shudder slipping down her spine, Josie bit her lip and felt herself
topple headlong into his world. She gave up hope of ever surfacing again,
and didn't care a bit.

He kissed her again, then stood up rapidly, reaching for a small cabinet
that slid towards them on hidden wheels. From its depths he drew a pile
of items Josie was sure she would soon come to recognise by sight. For
now, the vision made her shiver.

'Of course you'll have to earn your keep around here,' he said nonchalantly,
sorting out rolls of coloured tape and something made of leather and buckles.

'Oh yeah?' Josie retorted, affecting a confidence she didn't quite feel.
'I'm no barmaid.'

'You soon will be,' he replied, smiling at her apt response, pulling
the ropes from her wrists and ankles and unceremoniously stripping her
of her dress and underwear. Deliciously naked whilst he was fully clothed,
Josie wriggled in his gaze and wrapped her arms around herself. Heavens,
she would do anything just to feel him inside her, right now, and to wrap
her limbs around him -- but she guessed he had other plans.

'None of that,' he scolded, taking her left arm and holding it out straight
to her side. Focused on the task in hand, he applied one end of the blue
plastic tape to her wrist and began to wind it slowly round and round.

Fascinated by the sight and the sensation, Josie watched as the tape
-- which stuck to itself but not to her -- wound its way up her arm to the
very top, her skin disappearing beneath the alien material. He applied
a thin layer at first, so she found she could still bend her elbow. This
was precisely what he wanted. He folded her arm back on itself as tightly
as it would go, till her hand was touching her shoulder, and proceeded
to wrap it in position using more layers this time, slowly immobilising
her arm.

As he moved to her right arm, Josie experimented with the sensations
coming from her left arm. Strapped tightly to itself, her shortened limb
left her feeling immediately and insanely helpless. Before she'd had time
to adjust, he'd finished her right arm and she was lost completely.

He rolled her over onto her stomach, and she lay still, eyes closed,
breathing hard, whilst he carefully wrapped each leg in the same material
and bound each one in half, stiffly and tightly so her heels dug into her
bottom. Rolling her back, he relaxed for a minute to enjoy the spaced-out
arousal that suffused her features.

A wicked idea coming to mind, he reached out and ever so gently tickled
her stomach, keeping an eye on her expression. She flinched and gave a
yelp. Automatically, she tried to bat his hand away, but with her hands
strapped to her shoulders she couldn't reach. A sensation of intoxicating
helplessness shone in her eyes as she came up against the limits of her
position for the first time.

Jack's plan was really quite evil, and advanced for a beginner -- but
somehow he knew Josie could handle it. He searched through a store cupboard
at the back of the room and dug out the contraption that he needed.

Josie watched in trepidation and confusion as he wheeled what looked
like an upside down table towards her. It was small, and formed of a short,
rectangular wooden base with four metal poles extending upwards for about
a foot from each corner. Casters underneath allowed it to glide across
the floor. For the life of her, Josie couldn't work out what it was for,
but she knew it spelled trouble. She glanced questioningly at Jack, but
he was uncommunicative.

Having given her a glimpse of her evening's entertainment, Jack reached
for a leather hood and began to pull it over Josie's head. It was a particularly
strict hood, with a built-in gag and no eye holes, and buckles all over
to pull it tightly down against the wearer's skin. She struggled slightly
as he worked it on, her reflexes still telling her to fight, but she settled
down with a deep sigh through her nose as he strapped and padlocked it
into place. Anonymous from the neck up, and peculiarly bound from the neck
down, Jack admired her anew.

Now for the tricky bit. He rolled Josie onto her front once more, and
lifted her hips until her knees came forward and she was kneeling on the
tips of her knees, her feet pressed against her bottom. She struggled to
balance, but brought it under control. He then lifted her shoulders till
her elbows supported her weight: back straight, arms and legs perpendicular
beneath her, but her toes and fingers pointing at the ceiling.

He gave her just one second to work out what he was going to do -- he
loved playing with her mind as much as her body -- and as the realisation
dawned, she began to shout into the gag and hood and writhe in his grasp.
No way, he couldn't mean it... but he did. She felt him lift her bodily and
place her on top of the upside down table.

It was a job for a strong and determined man, but her pleasured struggling
only made it more fun. One arm supporting her weight round her waist, he
positioned one of her legs against one of the corner poles with the other
hand and taped it roughly into place. Her other leg followed swiftly, and
he was able to release her weight and move to the front to secure her arms
to the two remaining poles.

Before allowing himself the pleasure of a good, long look, he picked
up the tape once more and ran it up and down each limb, strengthening the
bonds and securing her permanently to the poles, squeezing fat pads of
cotton wool underneath her knees and elbows to dull the pain of the position.
Then he stepped back to admire.

She knelt on all fours on the wooden base, the metal poles hidden beneath
reams of tightly applied tape that held her solidly still. Her back was
flat, her hands pinned to her shoulders, her feet to her bottom. Her breasts
pointed straight down to the ground, and Jack paused for a second from
his viewing to screw on two heavy, metal nipple clamps to complete the
picture.

Her hooded head hung beneath her shoulders in defeat, whilst her exposed
pussy gleamed with slick arousal. Jack longed to kneel behind her and take
her right now, but he was a master of restraining himself -- he smiled privately
at the pun -- when it was a matter of delaying and so enhancing a victim's
pleasure. He did however let himself run his hands over her captive form,
relishing the thought of what he knew would happen next.

First securing a fifth metal pole to her hood to support her head so
that her neck was straight and her eyes -- were they not covered in leather
-- would be looking straight down, he next sought out a marker pen and a
wide roll of sticky silver duct tape. DO NOT ENTER, he wrote in bold letters,
and tore off the strip. Wiping her pussy as dry as he could, he plastered
it over her labia, forming a chastity seal. That would be his and his alone
from now on. Her ass was another matter. Humming to himself, he caressed
her taut and quivering bottom with one hand as with the other he slipped
a nozzle into her tight hole, squeezing a whole tube of lubricant inside.
It was going to be a long night -- for her. His action elicited a long series
of low moans, which climaxed with a squeal when he gave her a quick spank
and moved away.

His shellshocked captive, stiffly immobile and desperate to come, put
what was left of her conscious mind to thinking about what might happen
now. She'd felt the strong sticky tape being plastered to her labia, and
knew she would not attain release that way. On her first visit to Jack,
he'd taken her anal virginity without so much as a by-your-leave, and it
looked like that was on the cards again. Being placed on display like this,
her ass and pussy in full view, one taped over, one full of what felt like
a gallon of cold lubricant... struggling in vain against her bonds, Josie
slipped into a pre-orgasmic haze.

She was roused by a noise, and a sensation that shivered up the poles
she was attached to from the wooden base. Was that glass? Yes -- she recognised
the sound of glass bottles being clinked together, and apparently placed
on the wooden base beneath her. Bemused by the surreal sounds, she jumped
as a cold, glass object was placed on her immobile back -- first one, then
another, and a third.

The realisation hit her like a glacier travelling at warp speed. He'd
stocked the shelf beneath her with bottles of alcohol from the private
bar in the corner of the room, and placed glasses on her back... he'd turned
her into a mere object, a hostess trolley on wheels of which she formed
the legs and the table top. She was going to be a barmaid after all, like
it or not...

Shuddering into full-fledged orgasm, Josie barely made out Jack.s words
as he spoke into the telephone.

.Some bar help for you waiting in the playroom, Lou,. he said to one
of his colleagues down the phone line. Then he cleared away the remains
of the tape and other equipment, and left the room.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Lou wandered into the playroom two minutes after Jack had left it, and
a delighted smile spread across her lips. So this was what Jack was up
to. And was that his new girlfriend? Man, he was evil!

Josie hadn.t heard her entrance, so she jumped when Lou placed two warm
hands on her bottom and wheeled her from the room.

Every moment new ripples of intense arousal were firing through her
pussy, soaking the DO NOT ENTER tape which just managed to stay stuck to
the inside of her thighs. As Lou wheeled her new bar assistant through
the corridors and into the private members' bar, the clamps on Josie's
nipples swung mercilessly. Emblazoned in her mind was an imagined picture
of how she might appear to an onlooker: tightly bound, on display, objectified.
Her fingers, sticking out of the tape that bound her arms, remained clamped
in tight, stressed fists. Her toes curled in joint pleasure and humiliation.
Fury and devotion both swelled strongly within her, flicking switches in
her brain that only sent her deeper as she struggled in vain against her
bonds.

The guests who were permitted into Jack's private bar were too cultured
and too experienced to raise excited voices at the entrance of Josie. Well
versed in giving pleasure to others as well as seeking their own, the predominantly
male audience continued with their conversations in calm voices. Josie,
realising she had expected to be the centre of attention, was stunned into
another wave of orgasm. She was really just going to be treated as an everyday
object...

Sitting silently in the corner of the bar, Jack watched Lou wheel Josie
into the centre of the room and leave her there. He wasn't going to let
Josie know he was there, but nor was he going to miss the show. Even from
this distance, he could see the trembles of fear and arousal that racked
her otherwise immobile body. The curve that ran from her waist to her hips
looked too delightful propping up three glass tumblers.

For five long minutes, Josie's head span as nobody approached her. Was
she just going to be left here uselessly? Then, she felt someone casually
take a bottle from the shelf beneath her, pouring a shot into one of the
glasses on her back. A tiny drop fell on her heated skin, cold and sudden.
The pourer took his drink and went back to his seat.

It was a slow start, but the floodgates were now open. Jack watched
in unrivalled entertainment as one by one everyone in the bar took advantage
of the free alcohol. More glasses were provided, and piled on her back.
At one point, a whole bottle was balanced in the small of her back, and
he could see her freeze, desperate to keep it upright. Josie performed
her service as unconventional barmaid extremely well, he thought, ideas
already springing to mind for what he would turn her into next. Casually
crossing his legs to hide his growing erection, he sipped his drink.

Shortly, the guests began to push Josie around the room rather than
coming to her for a drink. First they wheeled her sedately beside them,
and then began to shove her freely around, spinning across the floor. Battling
her treacherous body, Josie desperately tried counting to ten in her head
to retain some sense of proportion, but lost count by 6 every time as new
sensations bombarded her.

The noise levels rose, as did the air temperature. Someone had their
feet on her bottom, using her as a footstool. Another got his girlfriend
to sit on her back as she was pushed round the room, shrieking with delight.
And then finally, after she'd been placed beside someone for some minutes,
someone who kept his hand casually resting on her all the time, a finger
began to run gently around her asshole.

Jack, watching all the time, decided it was time to retire and watch
the rest of the proceedings via the camera installed in the ceiling. Josie
would be safe in the hands of the man she was now with -- he was one of
Jack's club's oldest members, and he could trust him to run the game from
now on. Jack's erection was now so hard he had trouble standing up. He
withdrew discreetly.

Alone with her civilised assailants, all Josie's being was focused on
the sensations that the finger produced. She swore she could feel herself
opening at its command. She felt all the glassware being removed from her
as the finger slipped oh so slowly inside her, teasing her, probing her.
All the while its owner continued his calm conversation with a friend.

Two fingers, and then three. Moaning into her hood but soundly ignored
by the gathered people, Josie wondered how far she could stretch, feeling
as if she was pulled as wide as possible already. But no -- there was more.
The fingers retreated and quickly a warm, hard cock was pressing against
her asshole, the head popping inside with ease and the rest of the length
smoothly following up inside the lubricated, tight passage.

Alone in his office, bathed in the glow of the TV screen, Jack came
into his hand with a loud moan. He couldn't quite believe what he was doing
to her, but nevertheless felt a deep satisfaction inside because he knew
she needed it.

The assembled crowd now finally focused on Josie, talking and laughing
and holding their own cocks in their hands as they watched their colleague
grasp Josie's hips in his hands and wheel her back and forth on his cock,
harder and harder till he came in a hot spurt that Josie felt fountaining
up inside her for several seconds, fueling her own orgasm as her violated
muscles grabbed involuntarily at his cock.

He withdrew, and she sucked a breath of relief through her nose, feeling
the sweat trickling down her body. But no -- it wasn't over. He gave her
a shove and she sailed over to the other side of the circle of men gathered
around her, feeling hands grabbing for her till the victor claimed her
as his prize. Turning her to face him, she could feel his cock bumping
over the leather that covered her face, and smell the sweet aroma of his precum. After a moment he span her round till she was giddy, then plunged
his cock into her ass without notice, beginning to thrust immediately.

Body and mind, Josie melted into a haze of penetration, orgasm, and
horrified delight. After he'd finished with her, she was wheeled over to
a third, and then a fourth, but she lost count long before they finished
with her.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Fourteen men. Jack had watched them all, counting one by one, seeing
each one fuck his girlfriend up the ass as she was bound immovably, nothing
but a sex receptacle. There were more waiting when he went down to rescue
her, seeing the tell tale signs of approaching exhaustion in the ripples
that ran up and down her body. They dispersed as he walked in, pulled on
their trousers, and took their leave of the rest of the bar staff. One
paused to give Josie a parting present: a fat, contoured plug which he
pushed inside her, and which managed to stretch her just a little more
widely. It was 2am, and time to go home.

Jack sat by the bar as his staff cleaned up the room, pushing Josie
into a convenient corner whilst they tidied. He knew what he wanted to
do next, but was seeking the courage in himself. He never took his eyes
off Josie, his abused captive in the corner, still unable to move a muscle.

'What do you want us to do with her?' Lou asked eventually, when she
was ready to leave.

Without hesitation, Jack spoke in a clear voice. He could see Josie
jump when she realised he was there.

'Put her away till morning,' he said. 'I'm tired.' And with a last glance,
he left the bar.

'Righty ho,' sang Lou, and wheeled Josie merrily towards a store cupboard
next to the bar. She shut and locked the door on her muffled shouts.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Six hours later, at 8am, Jack descended from the room where he'd slept
a surprisingly deep, refreshing sleep, and unlocked the cupboard door.

Oh Jesus, he thought. I didn't think it was possible to love someone
this much.

He pulled Josie out, and gently woke her from her trance with soft caresses
along her back. She responded with quiet, muffled noises from behind the
hood and gag. She knew it was him. He stroked and kissed her till her pussy
began to get wet once again.

She has no limits, wondered Jack in amazement. He'd been planning to
put her straight to bed, but here she was, responding to his touch after
everything he'd put her through.

Carefully peeling back the tape that covered her pussy, he knelt behind
her and slid his already hard cock into her now very wet vagina.

The heat was intense, and the added pressure from the immense butt plug
still inside her nearly made Jack come at once. Slowly, he began to slide
his cock in and out, not thrusting, not rushing. In, out, in, out, in a
tantric-esque single movement that felt like forever.

Josie, half conscious, every muscle screaming with discomfort, her ass
on fire, her still-hooded head muffled and airless, felt only the sweet
sensation of Jack inside her, slowly stroking her from within. She was
on the road to climax immediately, but it took what felt like hours: the
slow movement of his cock, the sliding of atom against atom of skin, the
incremental increases in pleasure till she was sure she felt her whole
body melt into a warm explosion around him.

Jack came for two minutes straight, and finally rested his forehead
against her back.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

He'd released her hours before, and let her sleep through a long, hot
bath and then in his bed in the flat above the club. Now, both well rested,
although Josie's body might bear the marks of her trial for some hours
to come, they were both focused on each other again.

Jack gently stretched her body out on the leather topped table, and
fastened each wrist and ankle to a solid, padded steel cuff at each corner
so she could lie comfortably, but captive. She was naked, freshly washed
hair spread around her head.

Jack spent a long time caressing her, kissing every inch of her body,
stroking her with his fingers, his tongue, his hair. It was as relaxing
as a long, professional massage. Josie lay in a dream state, drifting out
of herself, looking down to see her spreadeagled form and a calm smile
on her lips.

Eventually, he stood beside her, words on the tip of his tongue.

'What is it?' she murmured.

He smiled at her intuition. 'Just wondering if there's anything I would
want to do to you that you'd object to,' he replied.

She held his gaze, knowing she trusted him to know what she wanted.

'For you, anything,' she whispered, instinctively knowing that whatever
he was planning, she was incomplete without it. Somewhere in the night,
she'd accepted she was his, body and soul.

He kissed her, and motioned her to close her eyes.

Josie felt a prick and then a cold sensation at each nipple, and then
around her bellybutton. At first at a loss to know what it was, she recognised
it as a local anaesthetic as each area drifted into numbness. Pulse racing,
she lay still, biting her lip, every unaffected nerve ending quivering.

Another prick, another shot of cold; and again. Both her outer labia
now left her senses.

She knew she could look, but she didn't want to -- she was too scared,
and too excited at the same time. She knew she'd half-guessed what he was
up to, particularly when  stronger sensations of dull pain drifted
through the numbing agent. But she wanted to look only when he told her
she could.

He took his time, doing whatever he was doing very carefully. After
the cold and the dull pain came noise and heat, and a little sharp pain
-- but not intolerable -- at the very apex of her pussy, the point of her
pudenda an inch above her clitoris.

When he kissed her again, she opened her eyes and saw he was holding
up a mirror. Slowly running it over her body, he showed her his handiwork.

First, her right nipple -- a ring of silver ran through it, a tiny diamond
strung on the hoop next to the ball that held the ends together. Josie
gasped, and stared, and wondered at its beauty. Her left nipple was similarly
adorned. Her bellybutton too -- a silver ring, fixed permanently into place
and sealed with the tiny ball, another miniature diamond bead threaded
on the hoop.

Josie's breath was coming fast, and a wave of emotion flooded her mind.
So beautiful, so... Jack's. He'd claimed her with the adornments.

Jack moved the mirror downwards, allowing Josie a sight of the tiny,
black inking that was now permanently fixed on her skin on her shaved pussy,
an inch above her clitoris. It would be in full view even with her legs
closed, she imagined, but would be hidden beneath any knickers. Two small
letters were tattooed on her skin. Jack's initials.

Finally, the mirror slipped between her spreadeagled legs, and Josie
caught her first glimpse of the two silver rings that now adorned her labia,
one on each side, about half way down.

And the miniature silver padlock that locked them chastely together.

Josie stared in wonderment, unaware of Jack tenderly watching her expression.
'Would you like to touch?' he asked.

Josie shook her head slowly. 'Not just yet,' she croaked, thankful for
the restraints which held her still. It was so much to take in just with
her eyes, let alone her hands. And yet... it wasn't too much at all. It felt
perfectly right.

For an hour, Jack squeezed next to Josie on the table and talked to
her quietly as he stroked the unaffected parts of her body. As evening
drew on, he rose.

Unlocking Josie from the cuffs that held her to the table, Jack helped
her to sit up, and kissed her deeply.

'If you're not too sore in an hour or two, I'd very much like to take
you out to dinner,' he said, stroking her hair. 'It's been an intense weekend.
I'd like to show you I can do normal as well,' he joked.

Josie smiled, and said she'd be fine. 'Can we do Italian?' she suggested,
suddenly ravenous.

'Anything for you,' he replied, and kissed her.
