---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Alysons Story 3
authors:
- Fetterer
tags:
- Sbf
- F/f
- cons
- XX
---

Alysons Story by Fetterer
Chapter 8

As soon as she was untied, she went to the portrait to examine it herself. 
Sure enough, she admitted, they were glass, and they probably were just
to scare an occupant of the room.  She stepped back and examined the
portrait.  It was of a young woman, dressed only in a severe corset
and thigh high boots.

Teasingly, Hazel came and stood by her, saying that Alyson could model
for a similar portrait.  Alyson turned and smiled, and then kissed
Hazel on the lips.  It was as if she had touched a hot stove! 
She recoiled, and stepped back a half step.  Hazel said nothing and
walked away.  Struggling to regain her wits, Alyson stood, starring
at the portrait.  She stepped closer and reached up to the frame,
fingering the intricate wood carving with the flower blossom carved into
each corner.  She traced it with her finger and then, on impulse,
she pressed the center of the blossom.

Hazel had come back with a cigarette and stood near, but not near enough
to touch, and asked if Alyson was looking for a secret panel.  Alyson
giggled and asked why shouldn't she since it was her room.  So saying,
she moved to the other corner and pressed the bud -- and a panel opened! 
The whole portrait slid to the left, revealing an opening in the wall through
which a person could easily pass.  The two women looked at each other
and then together blurted out let's go.  They paused only long enough
to put on their sweaters, jeans and sneakers.

Alyson went first.  She found a light switch just inside and she
flicked it, revealing a small room.  There was a chair in the middle
of the room.  On one wall, there were dressers and on the other there
was a bureau.  Off the fourth wall led a passage and the entrance
to a stair well.  Opening the doors to the bureau, Hazel exclaimed
over the leather and rubber garments.  There were jump suits, cat
suits, sleep sacks (they weren't able to identify these immediately but
did so after several experiments over the next several days).  In
the dressers were corsets, frilly lingerie, hose, boots, high heels, rope
and chains.

After they'd opened and closed every drawer and bureau door, they headed
down the passage and found it ended in a dead end, but there were peep
holes.  Peering through them, Hazel identified her room.  They
searched and found the switch to open the panel, and they stepped into
Hazel's room. They returned to the panel and went back to the room where
the stairs were.  They headed down.  There were passages branching
off the stairs on the first level and they found they could spy on activities
in all the first floor rooms.  There were panels to exit into most.

Back to the stairs, and they went further down.  At the basement
level, they found a panel, which exited behind the wine racks. The rear
most rack slid on gliders to permit entry.  Still, the stairs led
further down.  The light was adequate, but not bright. It was also
a bit damp. As they got to the bottom, they turned on other lights and
discovered a heating thermostat.  Alyson turned up the heat, and immediately
they heard the crackling sound of electric heat. They headed down the corridor. 
After a few steps, they came to a door.  It was barred with a stout
timber.  Together, they lifted the timber and opened the door.

It was a prison cell!  There was a low cot and, in the corner,
a pot.  The only light came from the corridor.  Hazel quickly
backed out, and after a moment, followed by Alyson.  They found three
more cells on the corridor.  A little further, they found a fifth
door, but this was much shorter.  They opened it to find a low ceiling,
very narrow cell.  Alyson identified it as a cramp cell where the
occupant could neither sit, stand or lie down. Moving on, they entered
a larger room, obviously a torture chamber.  Nearest the entrance
was a huge selection of steel shackles of all sizes and shapes.  There
was a rack.  An X cross. A T cross.  A stout chair.  And,
in the middle of the room, a simple post which both realized to be a whipping
post.

By now the electric heaters had taken hold and the room was quite comfortable. 
The dampness had diminished.  Hazel lighted a cigarette and expressed
the feelings of them both: Whew!  After a moment, Alyson grinned and
repeated the same word.  Then, wordlessly, she went to the chains
and lifted a set.  She said they looked as if they hadn't been used
in a while, but they had been used; then, she added, unnecessarily, that
what she was holding were wrist shackles.  Checking to see there were
keys, she put her wrist in one bracelet and closed it, and then she turned
the key to lock it.  She did the same with the other bracelet and
held the key out to Hazel.  Wordlessly, Hazel took the key, and then
asked if Alyson couldn't find a set of fetters too.  At once, Alyson
knelt and picked up another set, which turned out to be fetters. 
She quickly locked them on her ankles and handed the key up to Hazel. 
Hazel helped Alyson to her feet and they began a grand tour of the chamber,
Alyson shuffling along in her chained limbs.

Chapter 9

Their tour had lasted an hour.  Alyson had explained the various
items as well as she could.  Most, she knew; some she didn't understand
at all, but vowed to investigate them. Finally, Hazel suggested they return
to the upstairs and discuss what they had found.  Alyson agreed, but
she knew there would be many hours when she would be down here, even if
she had to do it alone. Back in Alyson's room, they debated what they ought
to do about their find.  Finally, they elected to call Alex and see
what he knew.  Since the next day was a work day, they decided to
call it a nite. Sleep was difficult for both of them that nite.  Alyson
fantasized experiencing the lower level.  Hazel's thoughts were more
complex. In the end, they both slept.

Very early the next morning, Alyson called Alex.  He wondered if
they had any problems and she replied not exactly.  When he wondered
what else it might be, she invited him to lunch with her and Hazel. Over
lunch, Alyson and Hazel managed to draw out from Alex the story of the
prior occupant.  He was young for such a job.  He really didn't
seem to be as sinister as someone who had such a job was expected to be. 
He was often seen around the village with his lady friends.  Actually,
there had only been two that Alex had seen.  The young leader lived
in the small village because he wanted to be outside the big, nearby city. 
Oh, there were guards whenever he was in residence, but it was sort of
strange.  Although not fearsome in appearance, by inclination, the
people avoided him.

To Hazel's questions if the house had been a prison, Alex stated he
did not know, but didn't think so.  He told them also that none in
the village really knew what went on in the house, and now they didn't
care for they knew the American women would be an improvement. Both women
caught the hint and the subject was dropped.  Later, walking back
to the office, they wondered if Alex's unwillingness to talk meant he knew
something or if he knew nothing and wanted to keep it that way.  If
the former, they were being tested; if the latter, the whole house, with
everything in it, belonged to them. They decided to take a day to think
about it.  Today was Thursday and the weekend was coming.

Friday evening, Hazel had left before Alyson.  As she completed
the closing chores, Alyson wondered what would happen that nite. 
Her hope was unchanged but she was also keenly aware of what it meant to
share a house with her boss.  How far could she push Hazel? 
On the other hand, why really would Hazel object?  Well, she'd know
soon enough, she thought as she turned the key in the door and began the
journey to their house. As she entered the house, she found a note on the
table by the door.  It was from Hazel and told her to go up to the
hidden room. Intrigued, Alyson hung up her coat and climbed the stairs
to her room.  Dropping her purse on her bed, she moved to the portrait
and pushed the bud.  The panel slid open to reveal the lights on in
the hidden room.  She noticed another note on the chair, so she entered
and picked it up.

This was another note from Hazel.  It said Hazel suggested they
have their visit about the downstairs, downstairs.  Further, Hazel
had selected a bottle of wine and had also selected an outfit from the
hidden room.  If Alyson wanted to do the same, that would be nice. 
Bemused, Alyson let the paper drop; but, recovering quickly, she reached
into the cabinets and drew out several items.

Returning to her room, Alyson quickly stripped off all her clothes.
Next, she liberally applied talcum powder to her whole body.  She
had selected a leather jump suit.  It took her a while to get into
it but fortunately all the lacings were done on her arms and legs, and
all she needed to do was pull the zippers.  Around her neck, she fastened
a severe bondage/posture collar.  On a whim, she unfastened the little
patches over her nipples and applied a set of moderately severe nipple
clamps.  The final thing was a pair of pull on boots that came half
way up her calves and had very high heels. One quick pull of a brush through
her short hair and then she began the downward journey.

At the bottom of the steps were sets of shackles and fetters, which
she knew were there for her to put on herself.  She did so. Walking
was a problem but not severely difficult.  The chain connecting her
ankles tinkled along the tile floor as she shuffled along. At last she
entered the dungeon, and was astonished by the sight she beheld. 
Hazel was wearing a rubber corset, which bared her tits and pushed them
up to prominence.  On her legs were thigh high, very high-heeled boots. 
On her arms were long gloves, over her elbows.  But the most extreme
thing was the leather helmet on Hazel's head.  It was tightly laced,
almost as a second skin. There were large eye and mouth holes, but the
total effect was dramatic.

Hazel nodded at the startled Alyson and added that she thought she ought
to dress the part.  She held out a drink to Alyson, who took it and
they toasted each other. It seems they both had come to the conclusion
that the whole house was their's so they might just as well enjoy it. 
Alyson complimented Hazel on the outfit she wore, and Hazel did the same
for her.

After a second glass of wine, Hazel suggested that Alyson might want
to model the pillory for a while.  Giggling, Alyson replied that it
would be her pleasure, but that she needed to take a moment to get out
of her clothes.  Hazel nodded, but then got the message as Alyson
held out her chained wrists.  After the chains were removed, Alyson
began to remove the leather garments. Finished with that chore, the now
nude Alyson walked to the pillory where Hazel was lifting the top half
of the device.  Another sign of the nature of this dungeon was the
padding in the holes for the wrists and the neck.  With no hesitancy,
Alyson put her wrists in the two outboard slots and then rested her neck
in the middle slot.  The amateurish Hazel began to lower the top. 
When it came together with the rigid, bottom part, Alyson's neck and wrists
were imprisoned. Very competently, Hazel applied the two massive padlocks
securing her friend.  When she made no move to do so, Alyson reminded
Hazel it was customary to fasten the wrists with a chain just so there
would be no chance of wiggling the wrists from their imprisonment. 
Hazel complied.

Alyson stated she was unable to move but was basically comfortable when
she was asked by Hazel.  Hazel had lighted a cigarette and then held
a glass of wine with a straw for Alyson to drink.  When asked, Alyson
admitted she'd never been in a pillory before.  Hazel took Alyson's
discarded nipple clamps and put them back on Alyson's nipples, asking if
Alyson enjoyed them.  Alyson said the pain added to her enjoyment
of the torment. Within a couple minutes, Alyson's distinctive cunt odour
permeated the room.  Hazel said, in a giggling voice, that the dungeon
was beginning to smell like a whorehouse bedroom.  Immobile as she
was, and limited to starring at the floor, Alyson snorted and stamped her
bare foot.  Playfully, Hazel swatted Alyson with her whole hand on
her ass cheeks and Alyson stood still.

After twenty minutes, Hazel released Alyson, with the explanation that
future applications would be longer but tonite she wanted to see Alyson
in other devices.  From the pillory, Hazel led Alyson to the rack. 
Obligingly, Alyson laid down, face up, on the table. She extended her arms
over her head.  Hazel secured each wrist in a waiting leather cuff. 
At the other end of the table, Hazel secured leather cuffs on Alyson's
ankles.  The rack was so constructed that either the wrist cuffs or
the ankle cuffs could be made immovable, or both could be used to stretch
the victim.  Both sets of cuffs were attached to drums, which could
be turned, thereby tensioning Alyson.  The severest application would
be separation of the legs from the body.  A less severe application
might result in dislocation of hips or shoulders.  A moderately severe
application would be pain.  After explaining all this to Hazel, Alyson
simply laid there as Hazel began to turn the drum at her head.  The
tension followed the settling of the cuffs.  Grunting, Hazel said
that racking Alyson was not easy, that turning the drum was hard work. 
Alyson managed a reply that sounded like tough shit.  Hazel laughed,
and tugged harder.  Alyson managed to blurt out that intermittent
tension was the preferred method over steady, constant tension; and Hazel
obliged.  The tensioned Alyson grunted whenever Hazel applied her
weight.

After struggling with the rack for a while, Hazel released Alyson. This
time, Alyson got a rest, sitting on the edge of the table on which she
had recently been pained, having a drink.  She could tell Hazel was
smiling and she smiled back.  After a bit, Alyson asked what was next. 
Drawing deeply on a cigarette, Hazel wondered what Alyson would like to
try.  With a smile, Alyson inclined her head toward the T cross, and
when Hazel shrugged, they both moved towards the imposing device.

Studying it, it became apparent this cross had been devised to make
it a one person undertaking to hang another on it.  There were ropes
and pulleys, that when loosed, and after a pin had been removed permitting
movement, lowered the cross to two blocks which held it about six inches
off the floor.  Alyson laid face up on the middle post, and then stretched
out her arms.  Studying the straps, it was clear the proper position
was for the person on the cross to have their arms flat along the cross
bar.  Settling to her task, Hazel fastened the six straps to hold
Alyson's arms to the cross bar.  Next was the strap under Alyson's
boobs.  Other straps were at each thigh, calf and ankle.  Without
asking if she was ready, Hazel pulled on the ropes.  Since they were
counter-balanced, she had little trouble hoisting the cross with Alyson
upright.  When it was in the proper slot, Hazel replaced the pin and
there was Alyson crucified.

Hazel stepped back to view her handiwork.  Alyson's eyes were closed,
but then she opened them.  She smiled at Hazel and said it was great. 
Hazel said in a very stern voice that she wanted to know how Alyson felt
for she didn't want to execute her housemate. Alyson assured her that death,
as she was now bound, would take as much as three or four days.  To
speed the process would require fewer straps, a peg to sit on and, maybe,
nails.  With no trouble, she could hang a couple hours easily. 
After insisting Alyson not lie to her, and having Alyson re-state what
she said, Hazel then said, she would leave Alyson for a bit.  This
surprised Alyson, and she asked if anything was bothering Hazel. 
She denied it, saying she didn't want to just stand there for a couple
hours watching Alyson enjoy herself.  Alyson smiled, and then giggled,
and Hazel walked out of her eyesight.

Left alone, Alyson explored how her body was tensioned.  There
was an ache in her armpits, and she wasn't sure it would go away. 
The strap under her tits was somewhat uncomfortable.  Other than that,
it wasn't at all bothersome.  From her readings, she knew she was
in no distress until it became difficult for her to breathe; that death
on a cross, unless nails were used, was caused by suffocation by the body
not being able to lift up to breathe properly.  She stretched her
fingers and then let her chin fall to her chest.

Alyson was unaware of Hazel's return, until Hazel asked her gently how
she was doing.  Alyson smiled, and replied great; and then she wondered
if Hazel was bored with her role of dominant.  Hazel's reply was that
she really wasn't bored because she had gone on an inspection trip and
had found another hidden room upstairs off the master bedroom.  Realizing
it was best to hold Hazel's interest, and not go on and on tonite, Alyson
asked if she might be let down, to go see this new room.  With a twinkle,
Hazel replied there was no rush and that Alyson could hang a while longer.

And so the crucifixion continued.  Hazel stayed in the dungeon
this time, walking around and inspecting some of the things Alyson hadn't
been able to figure out the previous tour.  In due time, though, Hazel
pulled the pin and lowered Alyson to the floor. After her release, Alyson
began to put on her suit but Hazel said she should wear just the boots. 
Shrugging, Alyson pulled on her boots and they closed up the dungeon.

The second hidden room branched off the main passage between Alyson's
and Hazel's rooms.  It really wasn't a secret within a secret -- they
just hadn't noticed the obvious switch their previous times through. 
Hazel touched it and a door opened on a largish room.  She turned
on the lights, and it turned out to be a TV viewing room.  There was
a very large screen TV.   The other furniture was very interesting. 
There was an over-sized, leather arm-chair with ottoman.  The other
two items were ordinary horses used in gymnasiums for vaulting and so forth. 
Each had a largish dildo protruding upward from the center.  One horse
had just the one dildo while the other had a second, smaller dildo. 
Hazel remarked, as they examined them, that one might be pleasurable but
wondered if two might be too much and Alyson pointed out that all seemed
to be removable.

Moving about the room, they found a cabinet which, when opened, was
found to contain bridles and bits.  Obviously, Alyson said, when riding
the horse, one was handled as one.  Another cabinet revealed several
video cassettes.  The titles were in German but Alyson was able to
make out the word "pain."

Very brightly, Hazel wondered if maybe this was the warm-up room for
downstairs, and then maybe they ought to preview a few of the tapes to
see what they had.  Hazel added that she would sit in the chair and
Alyson had her choice.  Shrugging, Alyson moved toward the one dildo
horse, but said as she did, that Hazel would have to put a bridle on her,
and that Hazel would have to run the VCR. Without delay, Hazel did just
that.  She selected a bridle while Alyson used some cream to lubricate
the dildo that she was about to sit on and force up her cunt.  When
she finished, Hazel fixed the bridle on her head: there was a band around
her forehead and another that went over the crown of her head and under
her chin. A rubber-coated bit was fixed in her mouth and other straps secured
it there.  The reins were allowed to just drop.  Alyson then
stood on the step and swung her leg over the horse.  Then, very carefully,
she spread her labia lips, and eased her cunt over the dildo, and she began
to lower herself.  When she was satisfied she had it going in properly,
she simply let herself drop, emitting an "oooofff" as she did so.

Hazel had watched her with amusement, and then she started a tape.

It indeed was properly labelled: PAIN.

Chapter 10

The movie was one of the German Pain videos.  Alyson had seen a
few of them and they really turned her on.  This one had a some-what
plain red head and a man with leather pants.  He used a thin cane
to strike her on her tits while he forced her to fuck herself with a large
dildo, and then with yet a larger one.  Whether she managed a cum
with the larger dildo, Alyson couldn't tell, but the red head sure gave
a good imitation of a cum.  Her tits were nicely striped. Finally,
he stopped and made her kneel over the couch she had been sitting on. 
He then proceeded to cane her ass with thirty two strokes.  Alyson
was impressed.  The welts were very large. The red-head was then tied
to a cross bar and she was caned twenty five more times with a heavier
cane.  She was strapped and whipped on her ass with a slapper. 
Alyson knew the red head was into it when her cries became softer and more
muted.

The whipping stopped and then about ten needles were stuck into her
welted ass-cheeks.  She cried out for the first four, but then barely
made a sound.  After that, the red head was turned around. Her breasts
had been bound up with chains and they had swollen. The man in the leather
pants then began to stick pins in her tits. Sometimes she screamed softly,
sometimes she yelped, and sometimes she merely breathed deeply.  When
he'd finished with that, she was released and the pins in her ass removed. 
She then sat with her legs wide spread, opening her cunt, and he held up
a much larger needle.  Even though they were speaking German, it was
possible to understand her agreement when she throatily responded "Ja"
to his question.  What the question was didn't take much imagination
for he immediately pinched the lips on the left side of her vagina and
pierced them with the big needle.  She was, of course, not bound,
but she moved not at all.  She did yelp.  He fumbled with the
ring, but finally managed to insert it in the hole he had made.  He
then did the other lip, and she screamed loudest at this penetration. Finally,
she was pierced in both lips of her cunt.  He then took a padlock
and locked them together, effectively locking her cunt.

They cuddled, and she dreamily answered "Ja" to a couple questions and
then said "Danka."

When the video ended, Hazel shut off the machine and came to stand beside
Alyson.

"Want off?"

Alyson shrugged.

"Want the bridle removed?"

Alyson nodded, and Hazel had it quickly off her head.

"Pretty strong stuff," Hazel said.

The still impaled Alyson replied, "Uh huh."

Hazel started at Alyson's matter-of-fact reply, and then asked sharply,
"Well, wasn't it strong?"

Nodding, Alyson said, "Oh yes, it was strong.  Did you notice how
the red head wasn't bound in any way while the guy in the leather pants
pierced the lips of her cunt?"

"Yes," Hazel said, uncertainly, "so what's the point?"

"That takes control."

There was a pause, and then Hazel asked, "Have you ever been pierced?"

Smiling, Alyson answered, "Only in the ears, but I did try to stick
myself with needles in my tits once."

"What happened?"

"Nothing, I just couldn't do it."

"Didn't like it?"

"No," Alyson replied, "I think I needed to be tied."

Hazel said nothing for a few moments, and then said, "Maybe we ought
to call it a nite.  Tomorrow is a working day.  Can you get off
that by yourself?" Grinning, Alyson stepped up into the stirrups and hoisted
her cunt off the dildo.  It came free with a "pop" and both of them
giggled.

Time passed, and the two women became more and more familiar with their
dungeon.  Usually, the week nites were bondage free, but, on the weekends,
they would spend several hours there. Hazel managed to put Alyson on the
rack, and keep her there for an hour and a half.  She had remembered
Alyson's suggestion that intermittent tightening and loosening of the tension
was preferable to continuous tension. She had been in traction for at least
forty-five minutes, and she was turning her head from side to side, grunting
and moaning as Hazel heaved on the drum that stretched her.  Finally,
Alyson blurted out, "Hazel, let up.  This is a little much."

Instantly, Hazel released the drum and the tension was gone.  Hazel
then turned her attention to the straps on Alyson's wrists, but she said,
"No, leave them.  I might be able to take a little more after a rest
and a cigarette.  May I?"

"Sure," replied Hazel cheerily.  She put a cigarette between her
lips and lighted it.  Wordlessly, she took the white cylinder and
placed it between Alyson's lips. Alyson puffed, and exhaled by gripping
the cigarette with her teeth while opening her mouth.  Hazel lighted
another cigarette and smoked it herself.  She asked, "What's the feeling
on the rack?"

Speaking around her cigarette, Alyson replied, "The rack is real pain. 
The initial tension is okay, but then when you draw on the drum and let
up, you set up an increasing tension that leads to pain in the wrists and
ankles, where you're tied.  That's not too bad, but further tension
leads to pain in the shoulder joints and the hip joints.  Just now,
when I asked you to stop, the pain was also in the knees and the elbows."

Shaking her head, and blowing out smoke, Hazel remarked, "And you want
more?"

Alyson had turned her face towards Hazel, smiled and said, "My cigarette
is done.  Would you take it?"

Somewhat uncertain, but determined, Hazel reached for the cigarette,
and then snubbed it out in a nearby ashtray.  She did the same with
hers.  Then, without a word, she resolutely took her position at the
drum and began to turn.  Alyson had turned her face so she was looking
straight up, and Hazel watched Alyson's eyes for the first tell-tale wince. 
Hazel was surprised when the drum went as far as she had turned it earlier
and still no wince.  She was turning slowly, not jerkily.

"Alyson, isn't that enough?" asked a concerned Hazel when she had turned
the drum a full quarter turn further than she had earlier.

In a low, strained voice, Alyson replied, "Yeah, you can stop there.
But put the block on it.  I want to stay like this for a little."

Hazel slipped the block like device under the wheel.  Inevitably,
the tension lessened a little, but it was still a lot.  She looked
at her friend.  Alyson's tits were flat on her chest.  Her stomach
was caved in.  The sinews in her legs and upper arms stood out. And
Alyson's breathing was in short gasps. After several moments, Hazel asked
softly, "Enough?"

There was no answer.  Alyson's eyes were open, and it was clear
she was concentrating, and then, she nodded. Hazel released the tension,
and then unbuckled the straps from an un-protesting Alyson. The two women
sat and had wine.  There were angry red marks on the wrists and ankles
of Alyson.  Looking at the marks, Alyson said, "I probably ought to
wear wrist bands and boots when you rack me."

"Do you want to be racked again?"

"Not right now, but, yes, I would want you to rack me again.  It's
not as enjoyable as the cross, but I like it.  How about you? 
You interested in racking me?"

Grinning, Hazel replied, "Just listen to this utterly inane conversation. 
If anybody heard us, they'd think we were a couple nuts.  But yes,
I'll rack you again.  I must say it is much more strenuous for me
than crucifying you, but then I'm more of a participant when I'm racking
you."

"Oh, you want to be an active dominant?" Alyson teased.

"I don't know if that's it," replied Hazel, "or if I just want to avoid
boredom."

"I see," replied Alyson, "and when I'm on the cross, you have nothing
to do?"

"Something like that," Hazel agreed.  "I don't want to cause you
pain.  I do like doing for you what you want done."

"That sounds strange.  You don't want to give me pain, but you
like doing what I like having done to me, which means giving me pain."

"Yes," protested Hazel quickly, "but you want that pain.  What
I'm trying to say is that it would be the same if you wanted me to tie
you and tickle you."

Slowly, Alyson nodded her head.  And then she said, "Hazel, you're
very good for me and you're good to me.  Thank you.  Now, do
you have something else in mind?"

Shyly, Hazel said, "Well, I know you want to go up on your cross, so
let's do it.  And no, I won't be bored."

So it was that Alyson was again lashed to the upright, her arms were
lashed to the cross bar and she was hoisted up-right.  Hazel asked,
"Comfortable?"

Alyson replied, "Yes.  I surely am.  But what are you going
to do?"

"You mean, will you be crucified only a few minutes?  Well, tonite
you will be up there three hours.  It's 9:45 now so you won't come
down until a quarter to one.  Think you can handle that?"

"I'll try."

Turning away, Hazel said, "I'll leave you now, but I'll look in occasionally."

Alyson tested the straps binding her to her cross.  They were snug
and they held her just right.  Hazel had learned that subtlety quickly
enough.  She felt great.  Her cunt was greasy wet and her odour
was powerful.  Her nipples were erect and the strain on her arms was
burning but not overpowering. After a while, she began to wonder where
Hazel had gone.  She wasn't worried.  She felt great, so that
was okay.  But it wasn't like Hazel to walk off like that.

She heard Hazel before she saw her.  And when she did see her,
her eyes nearly popped out of her head.  Her friend had put on a full
set of heavy chains.  There were the five pound manacles on her wrists
(2 1/2 pounds to each) with three links of six ounce chain connecting,
ten pound manacles on her ankles (5 pounds to each) with a rigid bar about
two feet long connecting, there was a heavy metal neck cuff (about 5 pounds),
and, from the neck cuff hung a length of chain that connected her wrist
chains and then went down to the rigid bar.  On her head was iron
helmet, modelled after the type of helmet knights wore long ago, only this
was made to be heavy (Alyson thought at least ten and maybe fifteen pounds). 
The helmet was like a bucket with the face cut out, but there was a visor
that could be pulled down (Hazel was wearing the visor up).

With obvious effort, Hazel came to stand at the foot of Alyson's cross. 
"I thought I'd do something to relieve my boredom.  What you think?"

"Think?" echoed Alyson, "why I'm flabbergasted.  I never would
have thought you would wear something like that.  Why?"

"Why not?  I don't believe anyone said I couldn't.  I just
wanted to try it, and see how it felt."

With a smile on her face, the crucified Alyson asked, "And how does
it feel?"

"Very heavy," giggled Hazel, "but I can also experience a sense of helplessness."

Alarmed, Alyson blurted, "You do have your keys?"

Scornfully, Hazel nodded, "I'm not stupid, you know.  Now, I think
I'll sit down and enjoy my semi-helplessness."  So saying, Hazel did
sit on a small stool.  Then Alyson watched in fascination as her friend,
who was not into bondage, proceeded to secure herself. First she took the
chain connecting her wrist chains to the rigid bar at her ankles, disconnected
it from her wrists and secured it to her collar.  This did not cause
her to bend over, but it did prevent her from standing.  Next, she
took a pear gag (Alyson was amazed Hazel knew how to manipulate it) and
inserted it into her mouth and released the catch.  A heavy-duty spring
inside forced the two halves of the gag apart, forcing Hazel's mouth to
open very wide.  She then lowered the visor of her helmet and then
she attempted to loop the chain connecting her wrist manacles over her
helmeted head so the chain would be behind her neck.  Two tries were
unsuccessful but the third was a charm.  And there sat Hazel, gagged,
helmeted, chained and nearly immobile.

Alyson was very aroused, and seeing Hazel as she was very nearly put
her over the edge.  "Hazel, I know you can't talk but maybe you could
nod?" Alyson detected a slight shrug, so she went on.  "With me on
this cross, and seeing you as you are, I'm almost ready to cum.  Would
you mind?"

A slight shaking of the helmet from side to side.

So Alyson continued, "Hazel, you're very good to me.  I don't know
if you did yourself just to avoid boredom or for me or what, but I love
it.  I hope you'll do it again."

A slight nod, and that sent Alyson over the edge.  She twisted
in her bonds on her cross, and she gasped frequently.  Her body went
rigid, as it usually did, and then finally she slumped into her bonds.
Several minutes passed, and then Hazel made a noise inside her helmet. 
When there was no response from Alyson, Hazel made the sound again, but
with more urgency.  Still no reply, so Hazel began to try to get her
wrist chains up and over her helmet.

The tinkling commotion seemed to lift Alyson back to reality. 
She said, "Hazel, if you're worried about me, don't be.  I'm okay."
There was a noticeable relaxation in Hazel as she slumped back. About a
half hour later, Hazel began again to try to release herself.  It
was difficult, but she persevered and succeeded.  She un-connected
the chain holding her ankles and neck together, but didn't remove anything
else.  Then she went to Alyson and lowered her and released her.

The now free Alyson said, "What about you?  Do you want to be released?"

A shrug was her reply. "Do you like your encumbrances?" Alyson asked.

This elicited about as vigorous nod as Alyson thought Hazel could make,
given her circumstances.

"Then I'll add some more," replied Alyson.

Hazel jerked, and then nodded again.

Alyson began by releasing the manacles.  "Don't worry," she said,
"I'll replace them with others."  She went to the bench nearby and
selected a pile of chain.  She brought this to Hazel, saying "This
is a chain vest, not chain mail which would cover you, but this is simply
more chain to hang on you and still leave your tits bare. It took some
doing, but shortly a very attractive chain vest was on Hazel.  It
didn't weigh a whole lot, but it added to the total. Her tits were nicely
outlined, and they became more so when Alyson wrapped each tit with a loop
of chain and locked them.

Going again to the bench, Alyson returned with another iron item. "This
is a metal crotch belt.  It comes equipped with a dildo, which can
be removed."  Alyson noted that Hazel shook her head, and continued,
"I thought not.  Maybe you'd like a double dildo?"

This time Hazel hesitated, and then slowly shook her head.  "That's
okay.  Here, let me grease you up.  Oh, oh, you're pretty well
greased already.  Okay, here it comes," she concluded as she insinuated
the dildo into Hazel's cunt.  She pushed it home and then wrapped
the metal around Hazel's waist and the other strap through the crotch was
secured to the belt, all with a nice large padlock.  Alyson then put
new manacles on Hazel's wrists, but these were a complete piece of metal. 
When her wrists were in their slots, and the device secured, Hazel's wrists
were a precise fifteen inches apart and she could neither move them out
or in.

After getting a pair of iron boots, Alyson kneeled and removed the rigid
bar and the ankle manacles.  She then helped Hazel to step into first
one boot and then the other.  She laced each boot closed and then
she hooked the rigid bar to hasps on the inside of each boot. Rising, Alyson
said, "There.  That's a bit of an improvement.  Want to go for
a stroll."  When Hazel nodded, Alyson gripped her by her left arm
and began to walk slowly.  She knew what would happen so she didn't
attempt to move Hazel very far or very fast.  What happened is that
Hazel couldn't lift her foot.

"Fooled you, huh?" she asked.  "No, it's not impossible to walk,
but you really have to try very small steps and you must lift your foot
to do so.  It's no good to try to shuffle along.  That won't
work.  I've tried it many times." And they continued their walk. 
After ten minutes, with a very loudly puffing Hazel, Alyson stopped her
and helped her to sit. She then proceeded to remove all the iron Hazel
was wearing.

"Whew," said Hazel, perspiring heavily, "that was something. Wonder
how much iron I was carrying."

Alyson considered, and then replied, "Oh, I'd guess over ninety pounds. 
What did you think of the pear gag?"

"It was more than I expected, but I wasn't going to remove it in front
of you.  I really liked the helmet.  Reminded me of the Dickens
story about the Man in the Iron Mask."

[Story continues in
Chapter 11](alyson4.html)

10.01.03
02.11.04 updated
