---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Run Pt1
authors:
- desiree
tags:
- sbm
- M-m
- slave
- cons
- X
date: 2002-08-05 00:00:00
---

8 
8
Slutdesiree - Part
One
The Run
by desiree
(c)Copyright
slutdesiree, 1998

I have been ordered by my owner, Mistress Sable to describe my experiences.
Mistress Sable lives several hundred miles away. One night while I was
out minding my own business, I had a rather unusual experience.

It was a warm Friday evening, around midnight. It had been a hot day
and it was still around 70 degrees. I had been ordered to "go for a run"
just as I had been ordered many times in the past. I got out my "run kit"
and checked the contents. It was all there. One pair of handcuffs, earplugs,
a cock ring, two clover clamps connected together by a 20 inch chain, a
padlock, 5 feet of strong chain, a key for the hand cuffs, and a key for
the padlock. The keys are each attached to a fine 12-inch chain with an
alligator clip on the other end. I put on a black tee shirt, cut off jeans
and a pair of slip on loafers. I got in my car and drove to a remote industrial
area. I drove around for a bit to check out the area. After finding the
spots I needed, I parked the car in a parking space behind some bushes.
I got out of the car, put the pieces of the "run kit" in my pockets and
walked about 3 short blocks to a spot where I placed the handcuff key on
a window ledge of a well lit up building. I then walked 2 and a half blocks
to a spot behind another building where a steel ladder was attached to
the brick wall. The ladder started about 7 feet off the ground. I reached
up and attached the padlock key to the first ladder rung. Then I walked
another 1 and a half blocks to a spot where a steel railing was attached
to a building.

There was no one around. and it was very quiet, except for distant traffic
and factory sounds. My heart was pounding. This was it, should I do it,
or not? I hadn't seen my Mistress in weeks, and I was really horny. I opened
my pants and pushed the cock ring over my cock and shoved it down to the
base, with some difficulty, as I was starting to get hard. I clipped the
clover clamps on my nipples and immediately had a raging hard on. A few
jerks on my rigid member convinced me that it was time to do it. I threw
off my tee shirt and inserted the earplugs in my ears. Everything went
fairly quiet. I could no longer hear the traffic. I was breathing heavy
and couldn't wait to do it. A few more strokes of my cock convinced me
that it really was time to do it. I looped the chain through the sleeves
of the tee shirt and then dropped each end of the chain through one pant
leg. I looped the chain around the railing and placed the padlock through
the ends of the chain. The thought 'should I do it of not' raced through
my mind, my response clouded by my extreme hornyness. I had done this,
to one degree or another, at least a hundred times before. So what's the
big deal? A few more jerks of my engorged cock convinced me that nothing
else mattered. Nervously, I squeezed the padlock. CLICK.  It was done.
There was no going back now.

The implications raced through my mind. What if I get caught? Do the
Police ever come around here? What if I forget where the keys are. What
if someone moves the keys?  I snapped one of the handcuffs on my left
wrist. A few more strokes of my raging cock took my mind off my concerns.
I was now on the verge of cumming. I had no control. Something pulled my
hands behind my back, and my left hand snapped the other cuff on my right
wrist. Now, the options were few. I could stand where I was or, I could
make the run for the keys and get it over with. I realized I had the better
part of a mile to run before I got back to my clothes. I pushed down on
the back of my shorts with my cuffed hands, and they fell to the ground.
I was now wearing nothing but my shoes, my handcuffs, my cock ring, and
my nipple clamps, and my raging hard on. A warm breeze blowing over my
ass reminded me of the reality of my circumstance. I stepped out of my
shorts and turned around, just in time to notice the light of someone's
headlights shining down the driveway, only a few feet from me.

My earplugs were effective in preventing me from hearing very much.
I started to run away from this building, toward one on the next street.
I ran up to the next building and as I approached it, the bright headlights
lit up the wall I was running towards. I'm sure my bare ass and cuffed
hands were lit up just as brightly. There was a high curb between where
I was and where the car was. I figured there was a bit of safety in that.
I ran around the corner, and down the driveway toward the front of the
building. I came to the street. There was no one around, and the car wasn't
behind me. I ran across the street and down the driveway between two buildings.
Now really puffing and very out of breath, scared shitless, partly a fear
of falling on my face, I looked for a place to hide.  I continued
past those buildings and between two buildings on the next street. Just
as I started between those buildings, the headlights again appeared behind
me. I couldn't hear the vehicle coming, because of the earplugs. My heart
was beating even harder now, thumping in my chest and my throat was raw
from trying to catch my breath. As I reached the front of the building,
the car was right behind me. I turned my head and took a quick glance to
see if it was a Police cruiser. I saw a full sized white car, with dark
tinted windows, no more than ten feet behind me. It became obvious to me
that I had been caught. I couldn't see the occupant. I ran across the front
parking lot and behind two pine trees near the curb. The car paused, then
pulled out unto the street, and drove away.

I had to cross the street to get to the handcuff key. The rest of the
way to the key was quite open and unsheltered, with no easy hiding spots.
As I started to cross the street, I noticed the car had stopped, and the
backup lights came on. I jumped back behind the trees, and the car backed
down the street, stopping right beside me. A big guy in a security guard
uniform got out. He had to be 6'4", and he was big and muscular. I was
able to hear him slightly, in spite of the earplugs. "What's going on here?"
he snapped. I didn't answer. He said he was going to tell his dispatcher
to call the cops. I said, "No, please don't call the police, I'm not hurting
anyone". Yes, you are", he said. "You're making me uncomfortable. Seeing
you in cuffs like that is giving me a hard on that's going to rip my pants
open any second now." He walked toward me. As I backed away, I tripped
over something behind me and fell to the ground. As I struggled to get
up again, he reached down and helped up on my knees. When I tried to get
up, he pushed me back to my knees and told me to stay down. He said, "I'll
make you a deal, You suck my cock, and do a good job, and I might not call
the cops." I said,"No fucking way." He retorted, "I don't think you're
in much of a bargaining position, just suck it, scumbag."

As he spoke, he opened his pants and pulled out the biggest cock I've
ever seen. It must have been 10 inches long and 2 inches in diameter. No
wonder keeping it cooped up in his pants was uncomfortable for him. He
pushed his enormous cock against my face. I resisted, holding my mouth
tightly closed. He lifted his right foot and kicked me lightly in the nuts
and tugged sharply on the chain of my nipple clamps at the same time. It
didn't really hurt, but, the fear and shock caused me to cry out, and when
I did, he forced his huge cock into my mouth. His enormous member easily
filled my mouth. With my hands cuffed behind me, I really didn't have many
options. I started to get into the rhythm of his thrusting. As he continued,
i started licking and sucking his cock more cooperatively. Much to my amazement,
and fascination, my cock was now feeling harder then ever. He seemed to
be enjoying the situation, as his thrusts were becoming faster and harder.
His breathing was becoming quite heavy. It was hard not to notice that
the long grass was rubbing against the bottom of my hard cock and making
me more aroused. His pace was increasing and he seemed to be breathing
heavier. I was just thinking that it seemed like he was ready to cum when
he put one hand behind my head forced his big cock into my throat. At this
point his hot juice suddenly shot down my throat and also filled my mouth.
I couldn't believe how much cum there was. I started to gag, and then remembered
what he had said about doing a good job. This being my first blow job,
I wasn't really sure what a good one was, but I was certain that he wanted
me to swallow all of his cum.

He was still holding the nipple clamp chain with his other hand and
as he tensed when he came, he pulled on the chain. The sensation of him
pulling on my nipple clamps, the cock ring holding me rock hard, the grass
tickling the underside of my cock, and the thought of my new Master shooting
his hot cum in my throat caused me to cum at that instant. The pressure
from the cock ring caused my cum to spurt farther than usual, and some
landed on his pants and shoes. I wanted to snicker, but I held back because
I didn't want to piss him off. After I managed to swallow all of his cum,
and lick his cock clean, he looked down and noticed my cum on his boots
and pants. He tried to act really pissed, but I'm sure I saw a little snicker
as he turned his head away. He yelled at me, "Why, you fucking scum bag,
you'd better lick that mess up, and make it quick, I have to get back to
work." As he was now my Master, and I was still cuffed, I had no choice
but to follow his orders. He pushed my head down and put his foot on the
chain attached to my nipple clamps. I licked up my cum as best as I could
in this position. He seemed to be bored with this and he suddenly turned
and walked back to his car. As he was getting into the car, I heard him
mutter, "If I were you, scumbag, I'd get the fuck out of here, before the
cops get here. When I tell them that there's a break in at that building
where you left your clothes, they'll be here in minutes.

With that, he slammed his door and took off. I struggled to get to my
feet, still licking the remains of his and my cum off my lips and face
and headed across the street to retrieve the handcuff key. There was still
no one else around, but I was feeling very self conscious because I was
still very exposed, but no longer as horny as a was, because I already
came. On the other hand, I was still feeling very excited by the whole
situation. I went to the ledge where the handcuff key was and with some
difficulty, released myself from the handcuffs. I immediately removed the
nipple clamps and the earplugs. I felt pain as blood rushed into my nipples
for the first time in at least 45 minutes, and the eerie silence was replaced
with the sounds of the real world around me, obvious signs that real people
were not far away. My hornyness of earlier had masked these sounds or I
may not have done what I did. I was pleased and satisfied and I was sure
that Mistress Sable would also be pleased. But I was still afraid. I ran
down the street, to the building where I had put the padlock key. Fortunately,
again, no one was around, as there was not a whole lot of shelter here
either. I got to the building where the padlock key was and ran down the
driveway, to the back of the building. It was quite dark in this area.
I ran over to the steel ladder and reached up to get the key. It was gone!
My heart sunk to the bottom of my stomach. I considered my options. I could
go back to my car and drive home naked. I couldn't think of any other options.
Had someone seen me put the key there? What could have happened? Was I
losing my mind?

I started to walk toward where my car was as I tried to think of other
options. When I got to the next building, I realized that it looked similar
to the one I was at, and I was at the wrong building. I walked over to
the steel ladder and retrieved the padlock key.  I ran back to the
first building unlocked my clothes and put them on. I put the 'kit' items
back in my pockets and ran back to my car. I felt relieved. I started my
car and drove out onto the street and up to the corner. As I stopped at
the stop sign, a Police cruiser with his lights flashing approached and
turned down the street. As I pulled away, I saw the Police cruiser pull
into the driveway of the building where my clothes had been captive. Then
another Police cruiser with flashing lights and siren on came from the
other direction and pulled in behind the first cruiser. I drove home and
called Mistress Sable to report on my evening.

I returned home and immediately phoned Mistress Sable to tell her about
my evening. I was sure that she would be pleased with my report, as she
always had been in the past. When I finished telling her what had happened,
Mistress became very angry and called me a "fucking low life slut". "How
dare you be unfaithful to me when you're already being punished", she screamed,
"and on top of that, you had the nerve to enjoy it"? She felt that because
I came during the ordeal, that I had enjoyed it.  She continued to
shout at me for the next ten minutes, calling me every name she could think
of. She told me that I would be severely punished as soon as she could
think of a punishment that was severe enough for me after I had been unfaithful
to her in such a blatant manner. She said I should have bitten his cock
and not cooperated. I attempted to apologize to Mistress, but she said
that wasn't interested. She said she would have to think about my next
punishment, and that she would contact me when she came up with something.
I was forbidden to contact her or masturbate until she contacted me. She
also very sarcastically warned me not to be giving any blowjobs either.
At that point, she abruptly hung up on me. This was the second adrenaline
raising "CLICK " I'd heard in the last few hours.

**[Slutdesiree
- Part Two](slutdesiree02.html)**

Your comments are appreciated
Thank You
slutdesiree@yahoo.com
