---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/mmmphhhh.html
title: Mmmphhhh
authors:
- Billie
tags:
- M-m
- bond
- fem
- cd
- chastity
- gag
- buttplug
- latex
- catsuit
- corset
- hood
- bond
- chair
- cuffs
- drug
- clamps
- oral
- mask
- straps
- cons
- XX
date: 2026-06-17 00:00:00
---

“mmmphhhh”

I squealed through the inflatable rubber gag as the last of Master’s crop strokes landed on my exposed buttocks with an almost ‘rifle crack’ report…it really, really stung but Master’s reaction to my protest was a derisory ‘huff’ and an extra pump of the bulb, forcing the rubber balloon even tighter into my mouth. I felt his leather covered finger circle the base of my buttplug and pushed it just a little deeper into my anus, whilst his other gloved hand groped and found the leather ‘crack strap’ to tighten it by another notch to keep my anal invader even more tightly anchored inside me. Master then located the zip tab of my latex cat suit between my legs and with practised ease pulled the zip back over his ‘red welted’ target, to come to a stop against my seriously tightlaced rubber corset where he slipped a padlock through the zip eyelet and secured it to the foundation garment, itself locked onto my slight frame by three similar heart shaped locks.

I assumed that my ‘punishment session’ was over at the snap of the zip padlock, but how wrong I was as I stupidly recalled that Master had pumped my gag almost to the extreme, making breathing very laboured through the tiny nasal holes of my latex lace-up hood…itself, padlocked at the rear by same ubiquitous heart shaped padlock. Master lowered my rear shackled wrists using his remote electric control, the chain smoothly running over the ceiling pulley allowing my rubber sheathed arms to mercifully touch my back as my spine reciprocated to the semi-suspension by straightening up so that I could almost stand upright …were it not for the spreader bar locked onto my booted legs at the ankles.

I felt a chair being rammed into my leather booted calves which I was momentarily grateful for, as my posture was precariously impaired by spreader bar and extreme high heels…I sat with a thump onto the hard wooden seat, reminding me once again not only of my anal insert but also, that my bottom had been cruelly’ tenderized’ for the last 20 minutes by Master’s crop. As I wheezed through my gag, Master simultaneously placed my shackled wrists and elbows on the other side of the chairback from my latex encased body, looped a leather strap around my chest and pinioned my torso and arms to the high back of the chair with an extra tug of buckle. Another strap was quickly secured around my waist which not only squeezed my lower body to the chair’s contour but also immobilized my already shackled wrists.

I could just about hear Master shuffling through various ‘items’ on the steel trolley behind me through the rubber hood locked onto me but I was unable to turn because of my tight chair bondage. He slowly – and quite sadistically walked in front of me to show what he had retrieved. He actually laughed at my eyeopening reaction, as I squealed once again into my gag as I spied the clover clamps…I knew exactly where Master intended those vicious items to go but unobserved, he also produced ‘pain relief’ in the shape of a beautiful brown bottle of poppers.

Slowly, he undid the seal and opened the Amyl bottle and deeply inhaled in front of me. His eyes glazed as he reached over to seal my left rubber covered nostril with his black leather gloved hand, whilst simultaneously, ramming the opened bottle under my right nostril. I inhaled deeply three times and as the ‘rush’ overcame me, I nodded furiously as Master unzipped the front of my latex catsuit to reveal my black latex bra underneath. His leather fingers slowly delved into the left rubber cup and tightly squeezed and pulled my already erect, pert little nipple…deliriously, he attached the clamp resulting in a squeal of delight from this bound and gagged rubber doll, as he tugged the clover clamp really tight to ensure it was secure and then guided the connecting silver chain through my posture collar’s steel loop, that already sported my chain leash.

Still reeling from clamp and ‘rush’ mmmmmming furiously through my hard inflated gag as Master inhaled again, he sealed my left nostril this time with gloved finger and almost rammed the brown bottle into my right…that gorgeous smell of leather and poppers is indescribable as I inhaled deeply, I was incapable of any coherent thought, simply the ecstasy of ‘aroma’ and the exquisite sensation of my right hard nipple being mercilessly squeezed and clamped followed by both being tugged viciously to ensure not only security, but succumbing to yet another method of control for my beloved leather Master.

No idea how long I was pinnacled in exquisite pain but adored it so much, knowing that Master was pleased with his Rubber doll’s progress. I ‘mmmmmmd’ at him over and over again, in appreciation of my bimbofication. Slowly and inexorably, I would become his sex object, my only single recurring thought to satisfy him in every deviant avenue that he chooses to explore.

He beamed at me (what more could a rubber bondagette ask for ?) and placed his black leather gloved finger to his lips for my complete silence… a superfluous act considering the huge rubber tampon lodged inside my mouth yet he wanted my adoring ‘mewling’ to cease. The absolute silence was only slightly disturbed by the sound of my laboured breathing through the tiny nasal holes of my padlocked rubber hood as he knelt to remove my leg spreader. As the silver bar was returned to its closet, I naturally closed my latex covered legs which caused a delicious sensation not only in my ‘packed and strapped’ anal sphincter but also within my chastity tube…I ‘hmmmed’ dreamily just at the wrong time as Master returned from the closet and heard ! A frown creased his face and with a raised eyebrow, I knew that this indiscretion would be dealt with at some time in the near future.

Master removed the two leather straps binding my body to the chair and using my leash, pulled me to stand in front of his leather clad frame. He’s considerably larger than me and even though I stood in 5” stiletto boots, my face barely levelled against his leather covered chest. I could smell the sweet aroma of leather and rubber as he attached my leash to the overhead electric chain, once used on my manacled wrists. He depressed his remote control switch and the tiny electric motor ‘whirred’ in the silence until leash was taught and I was ‘teetering’ on my stiletto heels causing him to smile as I desperately suppressed the desire to ‘hmmmph’ into my inflatable gag to indicate that the chain was too tight. Master then slowly proceeded to remove my gag harness…firstly the two padlocks at the rear of my head securing the tight leather straps, then secondly, deflating the balloon inside my mouth to a rubber ‘sliver’ before finally pulling the leather panel off of my lips. I so wanted to thank him but instantly recalled my ‘punishable’ indiscretion and remained silent as he surprised me completely, with the tenderest of kisses on my now, unencumbered mouth.

A warm feeling of both elation and surprise must have been transmitted though the eyeholes of my padlocked latex hood because Master emitted a low rumble of a laugh as he dangled his next instrument of sexual delight in front of my face for my inspection. A black leather and rubber ring gag, designed specifically to keep the recipient’s mouth open for penetration. I’d barely managed to emit an ’oooh’ before the thick rubber tube passed through my now completely smudged lipstick. My teeth clamped onto the tough rubber exterior whilst my tongue instinctively circled the underneath circumference of the tube, as Master buckled the device at the rear of my rubber encased head. Another, Y-shaped leather strap went over my rubber’d nose and cranium to be buckled tightly to the original at the rear, followed by the divine sound of a padlock clasp clicking shut.

Obviously delighted, Master plunged two leathered fingers into my mouth to prove that resistance was impossible whilst releasing my leash from its overhead hook and pulled me to kneel on the floor in front of the now vacated bondage chair. My latex sheathed arms were still manacled at the rear of my body at the elbows and wrists, my balance was precarious in my high heeled boots, I was grateful that Master gripped my arms to assist in kneeling.

My open mouth was now directly at the level of the zipper of his tight leather jeans. I was transfixed as his gloved fingers slowly pulled the zipper down and he unbuckled his belt, pulling that sexy garment down to his knees revealing a leather posing pouch containing his ‘not inconsiderable’ manhood. Slowly from perhaps two inches away, he pulled the ‘python’ from its resting place and placed the tip on the entrance to the rubber tube, locked into my mouth. It was ‘swelling’ already as he lubed the tube and placed his hands to the rear of my latexed head and oral sex commenced… as the leather of his ‘arab strap’ touched my gag’s entrance, the glans of his engorged penis was sliding to the rear of my mouth almost blocking my air passageways as his rigorous jerks became ever more frenetic. I could taste salt and sensed the involuntary spasm of ejaculation and so wanted to swallow when Master exercised unbelievable self-discipline and stopped, withdrew his now throbbing cock from my ‘locked open’ orifice and harshly, pulled my leash to stand in front of him!

I was confused, I so wanted to please Leather Master yet here he was breathing heavily through his own leather hood gripping my leash as I heard the ‘whirr’ of the electric motor above my head as the ceiling hook descended. He looped my leash once again over the steel hook and the chain reversed direction upon his remote control instruction. I gasped as my leash tightened, I involuntarily let out on ‘ooooh’ into my new ring gag because my latex sheathed arms still pinioned behind my back by two leather shackles were useless to prevent the thick rubber posture collar around my neck from momentarily bearing my own body weight… I was being punished again and was on the verge of unconsciousness before Master relented and sufficiently lowered my chain leash, so that my stiletto heeled boots supported my quivering frame.

Utterly immobilized, I could hear and sense Master behind me and felt his still hard penis rest in my latex gloved, manacled hands. Still unsure, I gently grasped him as his own thick, leather gloved arms encompassed my corseted body and his hooded head rubbed against my own latex ‘discipline’ helmet.

“Too soon, rubber bitch…too soon,” he whispered into my ear and I understood immediately. My Leather Master was also my lover and we so want to make our ‘special’ sex last forever. I nodded imperceptibly as one of his gloved hands rose to squeeze my left clamped and protruding nipple, causing me to involuntarily squeak whilst I felt the padlock to my gag harness being unlocked by Master’s generic key, which he keeps on a chain around his neck. He lifted the leather straps off of my rubber discipline helmet and discarded the ring gag, whilst giving me another warm kiss on unfettered lips…a reassuring sign that Leather Master was pleased with his latex doll’s performance.

He walked behind me to remove the leather shackles from my wrists and elbows. I was elated, teetered and turned on my stiletto boots for I was still tethered by my leash and stretched my latex encased arms around his shoulders. We embraced in our warm rubber and leather, I needed to receive Master’s praise and encouragement for being his ‘good’ rubber doll over the past two hours, I craved his approval and whispered my absolute adoration and yes, rubberluv before Master reached up for the leather handle of my leash and not ‘gently’ simply hoisted it – and momentarily, me! – off of a chain attached to the ceiling pulley.

He dragged this ‘not unwilling’ rubber slutdoll who ‘minced’ across the dungeon floor as quickly as 5” stiletto heels would allow, to the ‘ bench’ and I sat on the edge awaiting Master’s instruction with a definite sensation of movement within my chastity cage. He keeps a ‘special’ drawer reserved specifically for my ever increasing collection of gags and from this, Master retrieved my favourite… a black leather panel gag with intricate strap webbing and the added delight of a rubber penis that fills my mouth beautifully. It’s my favourite not only for its effective purpose of silencer but as a constant reminder of Master’s ownership and also has a small rubber tube through the centre, enabling long term overnight bondage.

I eagerly opened my lips to accept the phallus as Master tightened the straps, two around my cheeks, one underneath my chin and finally, one ‘Y’ strap over my nose and head to connect with the rest at the rear of my latex covered head. After progressive tightening and final buckling of rubber strap, I heard the inevitable ‘snap’ of heart shaped silver padlock, a deep inhalation of poppers that Master had thoughtfully provided and I was nodding vigorously for my bimbofication to continue.

He pushed me backwards, to lie on the rubber cushioned slab whilst lifting my legs to slide into stirrups that were hanging from a gibbet attached to the bench. On insertion into the stirrups, Master immediately snapped shut two metal cuffs onto my ankles over the gleaming black leather of my stiletto boots. Four wide black leather straps were buckled over my horizontal torso pinioning my arms to my sides and my entire latex clad body sunk slightly into the rubber cushioned bench as Master gave each buckle, an entirely unnecessary but delicious tug before securing. He stood between my upraised, bound rubber legs and proceeded to unlock the padlock, securing the lower front of my catsuit zipper to my rubber corset.

Slowly, he opened the zipper all the way round to my recently whipped and extremely sensitive derriere and fondled my ‘crack strap’ with his leather fingers, locating the tight buckle situated at the small of my back. A sharp tug and strap was loose, he returned to my buttplug and slowly rotated it as I softly moaned into my new rubber gag. Inexorably, he withdrew this six inch rubber penis and placed it on my bound torso, whilst he roughly outlined my now vacated anus with three of his fingers, stuffing them all inside me…

I was grateful that after my enema this morning, Master had filled me with a substantial amount of aqualube. My moans of pleasure through my rubber mouth sealer must have been getting louder, because Master stopped fingering me and reached over my head for our rubber gasmasks. His fingers dripped with lube as he strapped mine over my face employing the cleverly designed ‘quick engage’ rubber corrugated straps, the goggles steamed up immediately, I could barely see it’s connecting twin being securely strapped over Master’s hooded visage…all I could taste and smell was the intoxicating aroma of rubber !

I could barely see through the thick glass lenses, but I could certainly feel Master’s thick and rigid cock sliding into my amply lubed rectum. I was bucking against the heavy strapping as Master began rhythmically sliding his erect manhood in and out of my bound, rubber’d body raising the bench slightly as each stroke became stronger but then he stopped… I couldn’t inhale. I try so hard not to panic, but I was inexorably heading toward unconsciousness and screamed through the rubber gag and mask before Master released the valve and we both took a massive ‘hit’ of amyl. My world of rubber was all encompassing as I heard Master through our connecting corrugated rubber tubes in similar condition. ‘Harder Master, harder’ was my only thought but through tightly strapped penis gag, my only utterance was a long “hmmmmmmmmm.”

My leg muscles spasm’d and my long rubber gloved arms and hands clenched in their strappings whilst my latex encased body struggled vainly against the overwhelmingly tight bondage but Master was unlocking my chastity cage…he was pulling Rubber Dolly’s own engorged member from its leather and metal ring bunker and it was being gripped furiously between Master’s leather and lubed fingers, whilst his other hand scrambled and found my nipple chains, another huge ‘hit’ through conjoined tubes, another muffled scream, another huge pulsating thrust inside me, another …‘Rubber Release and Oblivion’
