---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/transformation/storiesad/billy4.html
subcategory: Buried & Sinking
title: Billy 4
authors:
- Lobo De la Sombra
tags:
- M2f
- FM
- naked
- present
- mast
- oral
- climax
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Billy 3**](billy3.html))

Part Four

“Hey birthday boy! Enjoying your last day as a guy?”

Jack frowned. “Don’t remind me.” Today was his nineteenth birthday. Tomorrow, in accordance with law, he would be reporting to a GMA facility to undergo The Process and spend a year as a girl. He was obviously less than thrilled at the prospect.

“Come on, man,” Billie urged. “It’s not that bad, really.” Grinning, she dropped her robe and flaunted her nudity at him, turning and thrusting a hip in his direction. “I’m enjoying it, myself.”

As usual, Jack couldn’t help but stare, still finding it hard to believe that this naked girl had once been his male best friend. Now she was the hottest thing he’d ever laid eyes on. He could easily ask her to go steady, if he didn’t know she was Billy, his best friend. That, he thought sourly, and the fact that, after tomorrow, he wouldn’t be a guy for a whole year.

Again, his eyes drank in the sight before him. Long, slender legs, firm thighs, trim hips, narrow waist, medium-size breasts with prominent nipples. And that elfish face that never failed to make him catch his breath, especially those large, deep blue eyes. Just the sight of her standing there naked was enough to make his cock grow hard.

“Oh, by the way,” Billie said, breaking his train of thought, “mom and dad said to tell you happy birthday from them, too.”

Billie’s one month of “probation“, to allow her to get used to her new body, had ended nearly a week ago (at which time, she‘d changed the spelling of her name from “Billy“ to a more feminine “Billie“), so Jack was now officially welcome in the house when Billie’s parents weren’t there. Of course, he’d snuck in once a week for the past three weeks anyway, for what Billie jokingly referred to as “M&M’s”, her name for their mutual masturbation sessions. He’d really enjoyed the first three, and was genuinely sorry that today’s session would be the last. Nodding, he stripped off his clothes and reached for the bedside table to get a rubber out of the drawer. If this was to be the last one, he intended to enjoy it.

“Just lay on the bed,” Billie said, stopping his hand in mid reach. Puzzled, he stretched out on her bed, watching curiously as she sat beside him, her face growing serious.

“You know,” she said, “when I first came home as a girl, I thought I was going to go crazy. I didn’t understand the signals this body was sending me, and I definitely couldn’t control them.” She smiled suddenly. “I was horny ALL the time, and I couldn’t stop playing with myself. That’s why I ordered that dildo”.

“But now,” she continued, softly stroking her breasts, the sight making Jack’s breath catch in his throat, “I’m finally getting hold of the feelings. When I came home, I was a guy in a girl’s body. Now I’m a girl. I have a girl’s thoughts, her dreams, her needs.” She looked Jack straight in the eye. “Her desires.”

“What do you mean by that?” Jack asked nervously. Instead of replying, Billie stood and climbed onto the bed, throwing one leg over to straddle Jack’s body. Looking up, he stared straight into her pussy, seeing the beads of moisture forming there.

“Fingers are nice,” came Billie’s voice from the area of his crotch, “and the dildo is even better. But now I want to try something new.” She laughed softly. “Well, a couple of somethings.”

Before Jack could answer, he felt her fingers gently lift on his cock. Suddenly, he stiffened as he felt her wrap her lips around the head. For a moment, he lay rigid, then relaxed as he felt her tongue swirling around the tip of his cock. His eyes closed as he reveled in the feeling, then groaned in frustration when her lips vanished.

“You know,” came her voice, “you could return the favor. That was the general idea, after all.” Jack’s eyes opened as Billie lowered her hips, placing her pussy right over his mouth.

Experimentally, he kissed the lips peeking at him through her soft bush of hair, then extended his tongue for a tentative lick. She tastes good, he thought as, emboldened, he began lapping away.

Billie moaned her approval, then lowered her head and took half his cock into her mouth. Her tongue swirled, finding that one spot just beneath the head. Almost in reflex, Jack speared his tongue deep within his best friend’s pussy, then pulled back and started licking and sucking on her lips.

He couldn’t believe this. A couple months ago, Billie had been his best friend. His MALE best friend. Well, Billie was still his best friend, but now he was licking her pussy while she gave him a blowjob! It was a bit confusing, but it felt too damn good to stop and think about it.

Billie’s head slowly began to bob lower, until he could feel her lips brushing against his pubic hair. In response, he reached around her, cupping her firm ass and pulling her down against his face. His tongue speared into her, finding her clit, then stiffening to thrust deep like a miniature cock. Her hips began rocking against his face, just as he knew his hips were rocking against her face.

Quickly, the two matched rhythms, Jack’s tongue thrusting deep inside Billie as she lowered her head to take his cock fully into her mouth. Her tongue wasn’t idle either, and Jack soon found himself wondering how much more of this he could take before he exploded.

As for Billie, she was in heaven. That agile, limber tongue inside her felt way better than anything she could have done with her dildo. As to the cock in her mouth, it wasn’t nearly as bad as she’d feared it might be. In fact, it tasted pretty good right now, and she found herself wondering what it would taste like when he came.

She found out soon enough. All too quickly, it seemed, she felt his cock begin to swell, a sure sign he was about to explode. Almost desperately, she raised her head long enough to moan, “Make me cum too!”, before dropping back down and taking him completely into her mouth. Feverishly, she worked her tongue and lips, feeling Jack’s tongue redoubling it’s efforts inside her.

It all seemed to happen at once. Jack’s whole body stiffened, as his cock began to pulse, sending gobs of cum into the back of her throat. At the same time, Billie’s orgasm blasted through her. She felt an insane urge to grind her teeth, and only Jack’s still pulsing cock in her mouth kept her from doing exactly that.

For a long moment, the two lay together as their orgasms coursed through them. Then, almost as one, they went limp, Jack gasping for air while Billie swallowed convulsively. Finally, Billie lifted her head, gave Jack’s softening cock a final lick, then crawled off him, turning to lie next to him. Almost instinctively, Jack’s arms went around her, and she cuddled against him, her head on his chest.

“Well,” she asked teasingly, “did you like your birthday present?”

“Oh God yes,” Jack replied earnestly. “But what made you decide to do it? I mean, it was great, but I thought you didn’t want a cock inside you.”

Billie smiled. “A cock in my mouth and a cock in my pussy are two different things,” she said. “Besides, I’ve been licking my dildo clean after every use, so I am kind of used to the feel of that shape in my mouth.”

She raised her head and kissed him on the cheek. “Besides,” she continued softly, “this is probably the last use you’ll get out of that cock for a whole year. I wanted you to enjoy it.”

“Well,” Jack replied, “you got what you wanted. I definitely enjoyed it. I think that was the best birthday present I ever got. Ever.”

Billie smiled and lay her head back down on his chest. She hadn’t been kidding earlier. She was, in her own mind, now completely a girl, and the feel of his arms around her felt, it its own way, just as nice as his tongue inside her had felt just moments earlier. ‘I’m going to miss this when he’s a she’, Billie thought, then pushed the thought from her mind. For now, she was happy simply to cuddle against her best friend, enjoying the feel of his arms around her as they both basked in the glow of what had just happened.

Gently, she reached down and wrapped her fingers around Jack’s now soft cock, smiling as she felt his palm press against her pussy. ‘Next month’, she thought, ‘he’ll have one of those too’.

Billie smiled contentedly. That, too, could be interesting.

03.09.11

story continues in [**Billy 5**](billy5.html)

o0o
