---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/transformation/storiesad/billy5.html
subcategory: Buried & Sinking
title: Billy 5
authors:
- Lobo De la Sombra
tags:
- M2f
- transform
- FF
- naked
- hum
- tease
- mast
- climax
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Billy 4**](billy4.html))

Part Five

“Hey Jack!”

“Well,” came the slightly hangdog reply, “I think it’s Jackie now. Jack doesn’t sound right any more, not with what I see in the mirror.”

Billie smiled at the closed bedroom door. Just over a month ago, Jack had left this house as a nineteen year old guy, ready to undergo The Process. Two days ago, Jack, now a nineteen year old girl, had come home. This was Billie’s first visit.

“How come you’re here?” came the voice from within. “I thought I was incommunicado for a month, at least while mom and dad are at work.”

“I got special permission,” Billie replied. “Since I just went through the change myself, they thought I could help.” She grinned. “Besides, it’s not like I’m going to get you pregnant, no matter what you do. So they figure I’m safe. Now, can I come in?”

For a moment, there was silence, then she heard the lock disengage. “Come ahead,” she heard. “Just don’t laugh.”

Slowly, Billie opened the door and stepped inside, closing the door behind her. Jack stood in the center of the room, facing away. He - no, she, Billie corrected herself - was swathed in a loose robe. She seemed somewhat slimmer than the Jack that Billie remembered, and maybe just a bit shorter.

“Turn around,” she said softly. “Let me see you.”

Slowly, the figure turned. Billie saw a face that was pretty, in an average kind of way. That is, pretty, but not beautiful. Brown eyes gazed at her, short brown hair framing the face.

“I’m ugly, right?” Jack’s voice was different, too, slightly higher than before, and a little bit husky. Nervous brown eyes watched Billie closely, waiting for a response.

“No.” Billie shook her head. “You’re pretty Jack, er, Jackie.”

“You mean that?”

Billie smiled. “Of course I do. Would I lie to my best friend? Now let me see the rest of you.”

For a moment, the girl who used to be Jack hesitated, then shrugged the robe off her shoulders, letting it fall to the floor. The body that was revealed was slender, petite, yet nicely formed. Slender legs flaring slightly into the thighs. Trim hips. Narrow waist. Small, perfectly rounded breasts. This was the body of a dancer. Not too much of any one thing, but everything in almost perfect proportion.

“Very nice,” Billie said sincerely.

“You’re just saying that. Compared to you, I’m a stick.”

“Silly, sticks don’t have tits.” Billie smiled and stepped closer. “And you do. See?” She reached up and cupped one soft globe. Jackie’s body jumped slightly.

“Don’t do that?”

“Why not? Did you cum?”

“Damn near. This body wants to cum if I sneeze, it seems like.”

Billie smiled again. “I know. I just went through that myself, remember? I know how tough the first few days are. That’s why I’m here.”

Jackie looked at her suspiciously. “What do you mean?”

“Your mom called me,” Billie explained. “She said you weren’t adjusting well to the change. She thought maybe I could help.”

“How can you help? I can’t stop playing with myself. I finger myself till I explode, and ten minutes later, I need more.”

Billie nodded. “It’s going to be like that for a while,” she said. “That’s why they tell you to masturbate regularly. That’s what it says in the brochure they gave you, too. Masturbation increases hormone production. It also lets you get used to the feelings of your new body. The more you do it, the sooner you’ll get used to those feelings, and the sooner you’ll be able to control them.”

“But every ten minutes? They turned me into a nympho.”

Billie laughed softly. “No, they didn’t. I was just as bad when I got home. You just never saw it. I was so horny, I almost wanted you to fuck me that first time.” During Jack’s first visit to Billie in her new body, he’d nearly raped her, both of them losing control of themselves briefly. Only the return of Billie’s parents to the house had kept it from happening. Still, their friendship had survived, and now Billie wrapped her arms around the naked girl before her.

“Trust me,” she whispered into the girl’s ear, “it does get easier. This past month, I’ve got to the point where I don’t touch myself near as often as I used to. It still feels great, but I don’t need it like I did before.”

“But you’ve been a girl two months now. I’ve only been one for two days.”

Billie’s hug tightened. “Which means it’s time to get busy. So let’s talk about it. Do you want to put some clothes on, or should I take mine off?”

“I don’t have any clothes that fit me.” Shrugging, Billie reached up and started unbuttoning her blouse.

For over an hour, the two naked girls talked. Billie explained to Jackie exactly what she had to look forward to. Part way through the talk, Jackie’s hand slipped between her thighs. Billie pretended not to notice, even managing to overlook (outwardly, at least) the soft cry of pleasure when Jackie made herself cum. By the time the hour was over, Billie had explained everything she could, and Jackie had cum twice more.

“Billie,” Jackie asked, after Billie finished talking, “did you seriously play with yourself this much when you got home?”

Billie smiled. “Well, maybe not that much, but yes, I did play with myself a lot.”

“So I’m not weird, then?” Jackie’s voice sounded hopeful. “I mean, I’m not going to have sex with everything I see?”

“Of course not,” Billie replied. “For the next month, the only person you’re going to have sex with is me.”

“You?”

Billie grinned. “Well, I do know what you’re going through. Besides,” she continued, slipping one hand between Jackie’s thighs, “I did promise your mom I’d help, didn’t I?”

Jackie’s only reply was a loud moan as Billie’s fingers quickly brought her to yet another orgasm. Finally sated, at least for the moment, she fell backwards on the bed. Billie moved to lay beside her, grinning wickedly and licking Jackie’s juices from her fingers.

“You’re evil,” Jackie panted. “I just want you to know that.”

“I’m your best friend,” Billie replied. “Did you think I’d let you go through this alone?”

Jackie frowned. “I didn’t help you any,” she said.

“Actually, you did.” At Jackie’s puzzled look, Billie explained. “You helped me get used to the idea of sex with a guy. I still haven’t done it yet, but when the time comes, I think I’ll be ready, thanks to you.”

“You mean the blowjob you gave me the day before…….the day before I became this?”

Billie nodded. “That, and the hand jobs I gave you the times before. Well, I don’t have a cock, so I can’t help you with that. But I can help you with this.” Gently she slipped her hand between Jackie’s thighs, finding her clit and cause her body to buck with the force of her orgasm.

“But what about you?” Jackie asked when she could talk again. Billie smiled.

“My turn will come,” she said, her fingers still gently stroking. “First, we have to get you to the point where you don’t come at every touch.”

Jackie’s body bucked again. “That could take a while,” she panted.

“That’s ok,” Billie replied. “We’ve got all year.” With that, she brought her best friend to yet another orgasm, then another, until Jackie finally begged her to stop.

\* \* \*

“What do you think?” Twirling, Jackie made her skirt flair, showing off her legs. Watching, Billie smiled.

“So you finally went shopping, I see.”

“Yeah, I figured, if I’m gonna be a girl, I might as well dress the part. And it beats wearing that old robe all the time.”

“You look pretty.” And she did. Her mom, a bit more liberal than Billie’s, had helped Jackie select clothing that flattered her petite figure. The short skirt and tight top (worn without a bra, Billie noticed) showed every curve to best advantage, without actually showing anything. Except, perhaps, the nipples that pushed proudly against the thin top.

“Thanks” Jackie looked pleased at Billie’s compliment, then reached for the hem of her top. “Is it time for another lesson?” Eagerly, she drew the top over her head, letting it fall.

“Nympho,” Billie said teasingly. For a moment, Jackie froze, then laughed softly.

“Only for you,” she said. “And from what you told me, only for a month or so. So you better enjoy it while you can.”

“Good point,” Billie replied, stripping off her own blouse. Laughing, the two girls fell into bed together.

23.10.11

story continues in [**Billy 6**](billy6.html)

o0o
