---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Eagerly Captive
authors:
- Subdriver
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- rope
- harness
- gag
- breastplay
- bdsm
- cartrunk
- transport
- warehouse
- toys
- insert
- hogtie
- stuck
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2007-08-03 00:00:00
---

**Day One**

“Cross your wrists behind your back and open your mouth.”

Julie obeyed the command instantly, cradling her wrists one atop the
other in the small of her back. She strained to hold her mouth open as
wide as possible. She waited for him to fill it with a wad of cloth, a
rubber ball, his cock, or whatever else he might choose to pack in. She
drifted off, recalling the salty taste of his cock, her tongue swirling
to greet its head as it forced its way in.

“I am going to bind your wrists behind you with this.”

His voice snapped her back to the moment. He was holding a coil of coarse
rope to her face, presenting that which would soon make her his captive.

He traced her lower lip with a loop of the rope. Her scent was still
heavy on the braids from its last use.

“You have until the rope is completely tied and knotted around your
wrists to stop this. Once the rope is knotted and I have finished tying
your wrists, nothing you say or do will stop this.”

Julie listened intently as his voice announced her sentence.

“Do you understand?”

Julie nodded once.

He stepped behind her and, folding the rope in half, passed it through
itself, closing the loop around her wrists. He wound the rope around her
wrists again and again, tightening it with each loop.  She felt the
rope being twisted and tugged, the beginning of the last knot, her last
chance at freedom. She stood naked, mouth open and waiting, thinking of
what may lie ahead for her, helpless, at his mercy for day after day, being
tortured and used.

Suddenly, it was done. The knot was finished. Her wrists were tied.
She had drifted off again, missing her last chance to say ‘No.’ She was
his captive now.

Using another length of rope, he began binding her ankles, looping the
rope as before to neatly lasso her feet. Within moments, her ankles were
trapped in coils of the coarse rope, cinched and knotted tight.

From a workbench in the garage he gathered a length of crisp white bed
sheet torn into a long, wide strip. Julie watched, her mouth still open
wide, as he rolled one end of the cloth into a tight ball, leaving the
rest to flutter from his hand as a streamer. Grasping her head with one
hand, he began packing the wad deep into her mouth. With the wad seated
in, he stuffed the tail into place with his fingers, carefully working
it into every empty space. Julie teetered in his grasp, struggling to remain
balanced against the pushing and shoving of the big gag into her straining
mouth. He worked for several minutes, packing a fold of bed sheet here
and there, until the densely wadded cloth was so crammed into her mouth
that she could not close her jaw the slightest bit.

With her mouth fully packed, he pulled a strip of duct tape from a roll
and pressed it across her mouth, sealing the wad in place. The tape creaked
and popped loudly in her ears as he stretched off more from the roll, winding
yard after yard of the gray tape around her head. The tape pulled at her
flesh, trapping stray locks of her brown curls beneath its sticky coils.

Finished, he smoothed the wrinkles and creases of the tape against her
face. Gone were her lush, full red lips, masked now by wide bands of thick,
gray tape, smoothed over a fat bulge where her bright smile had been.

He studied the shapely brunette, naked and helpless in his garage, slowly
circling her, admiring the curves he would soon resculpt with rope. Loosely
curled tresses fell past her face, slowly finding their way free of the
makeshift ponytail she had hurriedly bundled them into, preparing for her
plight. Her cheeks bulged over the tape. Her big brown eyes pleaded with
him, telling of her discomfort. Her large, full breasts heaved with her
labored breaths.  Her tapered waist gently curved into her smooth
hips and round ass, waiting to be whipped. A narrow triangle of closely
trimmed hair pointed the way between her legs, where thick droplets of
warm, clear liquid trickled down her thighs, betraying her excitement.

She was his. She could neither scream nor flee nor fend off his advances,
even if she desired to. Her mouth was gagged. Her hands and feet were tied.
He needed to do nothing more, yet he gathered up more rope and set to work.
Need and want were quite different things.

With a fresh length of rope he began weaving a harness across her chest,
crisscrossing above, below, and beside her ample breasts, leaving them
to spill through the brassier like arrangement. It was a foundation, she
knew, for what was to come. She watched with trepidation as he looped the
rope around one breast and drew it closed, trapping her tender flesh within
the unforgiving cords. Her breast was instantly transformed into a swollen
globe of pain, capped by an engorged nipple, standing erect, waiting to
be hurt. He continued, winding more strands around her flesh, coiling the
rope tight around her breast like a constrictor trapping its prey. Finished
with one, he turned his attention to her other breast. Soon they were paired.

To her breasts he added more rope, lassoing each globe again before
dragging the rope across her shoulders and down to her wrists. With a single
motion, he drew the rope tight, pulling her wrists up high behind her back
until they sat crossed between her shoulders.  With the ropes knotted
and tied off, pain washed over Julie as her wrists settled into this unnatural
position, held in place by the loops slowly closing tighter still around
her swollen breasts.

More rope followed, first around her waist, then between her legs. His
hands traced along her pubis, following the neat patch of brown curls down
to delicate folds of flesh tucked between her thighs. His fingers parted
her moist lips, spreading them wide. Juices oozed from her flesh, greeting
the rope with fat thick drops as it divided her. He drew the rope up higher,
along the smooth crevice dividing her round ass, up the small of her back
to her bound wrists. He drew it tight, pulling the rope deep between her
legs. Julie’s hands were now completely immobile, folded and pinned in
the center of her back by ropes sunk painfully deep into her breasts and
pussy. She could not twist or squirm without being quickly reminded of
the penalty for her struggles.

He added a few more bonds, looping ropes around her arms, shoulders,
and thighs, cinching each bundle tight before stepping back again to admire
his handiwork. Julie could feel his gaze upon her, his eyes carving up
her body into little pieces to use and hurt. Trapped naked in his ropes,
she knew that she was no longer Julie, the college graduate, the human
resources manager, the free and thinking woman with rights and choices
and goals. She was now a toy, a plaything, her bare flesh to be reshaped
by his ropes into whatever form he desired.  She was his. He could
do anything to her. She could do nothing.

Reaching around her, he cupped her breasts in his hands.  Once
soft and tanned, her breasts were now swollen hard and red. He closed his
grip around them, squeezing them, twisting them to wild angles, digging
his nails into her flesh. Pain shot through her as he tortured the swollen
globes that once taunted so many men from within her shirt. She twisted
and struggled, writhing in his grasp, the ropes tightening with her every
move. The heavy smell of adhesive filled her nostrils as she drew whistling
gasps for breath. Her muffled screams became rhythmic moans, matched with
every twist of her breasts. He began kneading her breasts, almost rhythmically,
playing her moans and gasps like a bagpipe.  Finally, the orgasm took
hold of her. Her knees buckled. She collapsed, helpless and hurt, into
the arms of her captor.

He used her tied tits as handles to lower her body to the floor. She
sat dazed for a moment, gently swaying in her bonds. The sharp smack of
his palm across her left breast brought her back.

“Position!”

Julie sprung into position, remembering her place. She struggled to
sit upright, resting her ass on her feet. Her bound chest thrust forward
as she arched her shoulders back, then gently bowed her head.

His hand landed across her breast again. Julie did not flinch.

“Do not falter from your position.” He warned her, “If you do, I will
take you as you are and dump you in an alley.”

Julie pondered his threat. She wondered what it would be like, to be
left naked and helpless in an alley somewhere, another piece of trash dumped
in the street, to be picked up by strangers. On the floor beneath her,
a puddle was growing from her excitement.

“You won’t need these.”

He scooped up her clothes, still heaped in the small pile on the floor
where she had dropped them. A short skirt, sheer blouse and heels were
all that she had worn today. She had dressed as ordered, then driven to
a shopping mall to meet him. Her clothes, her keys, and her purse were
all she had brought with her when she climbed into his car for the trip.
Julie watched as he walked out, carrying her only clothing to the trash.

Julie waited, holding her stance while he threw out her clothes. The
tin lid rattled shut on the trash can.

‘He’s right, ‘ she thought, ‘a bound woman doesn’t need clothes.’ A
few moments later, he returned.

“Time to get you ready for transport.”  He announced, lifting her
from the floor by her bonds. Using the ropes as carrying straps, he casually
tossed her in the trunk of his car. Darkness closed around Julie as he
slammed the trunk lid shut.

Soon they were off. To where Julie didn’t know. For her, bouncing along
in the dark, naked and bound, her mouth packed and sealed, it did not matter.
They were on the freeway now, she guessed from the consistent speed and
unvarying pitch of the engine. She heard cars pass by, a motorcycle, and
the occasional big truck. All speeding past, oblivious to her plight.

She had been cargo in this trunk before, nearly every weekend for almost
a year. She had yearned to be stripped, trussed, and taken as long as she
could recall. As a teenager in high school, wiggling along the hallways
in her tight jeans and T-shirt, she had fantasied about being pulled into
the janitor’s closet.  There she would be roped, stripped, and left,
whimpering in the dark as the other students passed by. In college she
crossed many dark alleys walking back to her dorm.  Many imagined
hands had reached from the shadows, clamping across her mouth and dragging
her in.  Later still she discovered Internet porn. She perused web
sites filled with images of young women trussed, shivering naked and dirty
in dark warehouses and factories. She wanted to be one of them, trembling
helpless on the cold floor.  She had been tempted to send an email
to one of the sites, to offer herself as their next victim. But that was
not what she wanted. She wanted her plight to be real. She wanted to be
a captive, not a model or an actress.

She met him in a chat room. The obscurity of the Internet enabled her
to confess her desires freely. She discovered that he lived just two hours
away. Hesitantly, she decided to meet him. They met at a restaurant for
dinner and discussion. Afterwards, they went back to his place. She rode
there in the trunk, her panties stuffed in her mouth.

He was in real estate, buying and selling properties for development.
He had taken her to a number of places he had bought or was buying. She
had spent her weekends naked and bound in the attics and basements of several
decrepit old houses, a gas station, a warehouse, and an old empty store. 
During the spring she spent a four day weekend captive on a farm. He kept
her as an animal, naked and trussed in straw filled stalls and cramped
pens. He led her outside one day and tied her bent over a split rail fence,
lashing her bound breasts to a low rung. He reamed and whipped her without
mercy, then left her welted ass to slowly burn in the midday sun. She lost
track of how many times she came.

Her long, brutal weekend on the farm left her wanting more, and she
seized the opportunity when it presented itself. She was changing jobs,
and had chosen to use the vacation time from her current job instead of
cashing it out. She had two weeks of vacation due her and she was taking
it, with her notice effective at the end. She would spend two painful weeks
naked and bound as his captive before reporting, well used, rope marked
and bruised, to her new job.

The car was slowing now, beginning a turn. They were leaving the freeway,
she guessed. Soon the motion became less steady as the car repeatedly slowed,
stopped, and travelled forward again. They must be travelling in the city
again, Julie thought.  She had no idea how long they had been travelling.
For a woman bound and gagged in the dark, time means nothing.

The car turned, slow and sharp. Julie could hear gravel popping under
the wheels.  The car bounced along the uneven road, tossing her about
as the tires found each new hole. She guessed they were in an alley. They
stopped. A door opened. Alarmed, she wondered about his threat. ‘Is he
really going to dump me on some back street?’ Julie could hear metal rattling,
rhythmic, like a chain, perhaps being pulled from a gate. The car swayed
as he returned to the driver’s seat, closing the door. They bounced forward
a few yards, then stopped again.

They had arrived. Where she didn’t know.

Light poured in, blinding her as the trunk lid popped up. He lifted
her out. Her eyes began to adjust to the light.  She was standing
near a loading dock. Litter drifted about, swirling in tiny whirlwinds
at her bound feet. The dock leads into a brick building of some sort. The
building loomed high above her on three sides. It had sat vacant, boarded
up, probably for years, waiting for her to occupy it.

Julie struggled to face the direction of clattering metal.  He
was locking a gate with a chain. The gate was chain link, eight feet high,
with rows of barbed wire stretched across the top. Beyond it lays the alley,
a narrow passage between towering brick walls ending half a block away
in a street. Traffic drifted by the end of the alley. Julie suddenly became
aware of her nudity. For the first time, she was embarrassed, standing
there, naked and bound, ropes threading her cunt, her tits tied, sticking
way out in front.

Watching her blush, he cupped her breasts in his hands, giving them
a twist.

“Embarrassed?” He took hold of her crotch rope, pulling it deeper. “Maybe
I’ll unlock the gate and leave you here for the bums.”

He pulled harder, lifting her up, teetering on her toes. “I’m sure they
would have fun with this.”

He tossed her over his shoulder and carried her inside. He paused at
the door, fumbling with his keys in one hand as he worked the lock. Inside
it was dark, dry, and dirty. He carried her towards some stairs, just beyond
an old delivery truck. The truck sat leaning on rotted tires, its big round
fenders and washboard grill thick with dust. Its headlights were gone from
their sockets. It seemed to stare at her, its dark, empty orbits following
her as he carried her by. He hauled her up the narrow wooden stairs, boards
creaking, his shoes leaving tracks in the dirt. Again he fumbled with his
keys, working another lock.

He carried in to the center of a cavernous room, dropping her to the
floor like a side of meat. This room was brighter and cleaner, she thought,
and looked to have been recently swept and mopped. Along one wall sat a
row of old benches, piled with boxes and new bundles of rope. He had been
here earlier, readying it for her, she guessed. The floor was slatted wood,
dry and rough from use and age. Light streamed in from long rows of frosted
windows, fixed in metal frames high overhead. The top row had been cranked
open, leaning outward just a bit. Outside, she could hear traffic passing
by.

“Welcome to your new home.”

Julie “mmmphed” softly into her gag, watching as he rummaged through
boxes, selecting a dildo and a plug. He returned to her, dropping the items
as he adjusted her position, making her kneel in a ball with her face pressed
against the floor.  He untied her crotch rope, making her easier to
fill.

“Time to get you ready for storage.” he told her, shoving the plug into
her wet hole. Her lips slid over it, lubricating it with her thick juices
as he thrust it in and out. Her flesh slurped around it as he pulled it
out, now wet and ready for her ass. He probed her ass with it, swirling
the tip in her hole before ramming it in. She moaned into her gag as her
flesh stretched around the plug’s widest point. Clutching it with one hand,
he began twisting and pulling it, reaming her ass with it before finally
packing it in.

She was trembling now, moaning and gasping as he shoved the dildo in
her, twisting, thrusting it, fucking her with it until she came. Finished
with her for now, he seated it deeply in place. He pulled the rope back
through her legs, anchoring everything in.

He rolled her onto her belly and drew the crotch rope up to her wrists.
He did not tie it there, but instead pulled it down to her ankles, using
it to fold her legs into a tight hog tie. With the rope holding her hog
tied threaded through her crotch, any movement of her arms or legs would
pull it tighter, driving her plugs in deeper while the tugging on her bound
breasts, now crushed and pinned beneath her body. He stood over her, one
foot on her back, shoving her down, grinding her swollen tits into the
floor.

“That ought to hold a nice little piece of meat like you until I come
back.” he told her. She twisted and screamed, pleading into her gag for
him not to leave her. The door closed behind him. Keys jingled in the lock.
Then he was gone.

She was alone.

After some effort, Julie was able to roll herself onto her side. 
Straining, she surveyed her surroundings. The room was huge, easily as
big as a gymnasium. Fat pipes ran the length of the interior wall. On the
wood floor were a number of large, round impressions where things had once
been. The pipes had capped outlets, that appeared to have fed into the
round things, whatever they might have been.  Overhead the ceiling
was framed with steel beams. Pulleys and ropes dangled high in the air.
They looked new. Julie guessed that they were for her, to hoist her aloft.
Rolling on to her other side she could see a steamer trunk and two wooden
crates.

‘More places to stuff me.’ she thought.

Julie wanted to explore her new prison, to hobble through its dark regions,
her bound hands uselessly twisting doorknobs, seeking an escape. The hog
tie made that impossible. She would stay where he wanted her. His ropes
saw to that.

Daylight faded to the warm glow of sunset, then into night. The unnatural
yellow glow of streetlights back lit the windows, casting big shadows across
the room. Outside, the traffic had diminished to an occasional car. From
the sidewalk below Julie heard voices. They sounded young and tough. She
laid still and silent, listening to their banter, afraid they might somehow
hear her if she moaned into her gag. If they found her, they would certainly
like her. She was a young, shapely brunette, gagged helpless and naked,
trussed up like a pig. She would be quite a treat.

Slowly, Julie rolled
onto her belly, straining to arch her hips. She quietly tugged at her bonds
with her feet, tensing the ropes around her breasts and through her crotch.
She began working the plug and the dildo with her ropes, forcing them deeper
as sharp pains darted through her tits. She listened to their voices and
imagined they were taking her, one from behind while another made her suck.
She rocked back and forth on her belly, working the dildo faster and faster,
fighting to keep her gasps and moans in her throat.

‘Yes,’ she thought as the orgasm washed over her, ‘I would be quite
a treat.’

Eventually, they moved on, their voices fading into the distance. For
Julie, the fantasy continued until daybreak, filling the first of many
sleepless nights.
