---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Twisted 1: Julies Story'
authors:
- Chris Powell
tags:
- F+-f
- kidnap
- bond
- outdoors
- bdsm
- hum
- nc
- XX
---

**Chapter One - Julie's Story**

It happened several years ago when Julie lived in the country, that one day changed her life forever. That was the day she learned to hate other girls, not just a few girls but in Julie's mind all girls, "they are all the same" she would say to herself. Julie was a quiet girl, she did not have a boy friend and never had. She also had few girl friends, the ones that did attempt to be her friend never lasted long. Julie had a tempter and just the right words would set her off and the friendship would end. But one summer night everything would change.

Julie had spent all afternoon in town. It was getting dark and she knew she needed to get home. She had walked the two miles home along the country road many times, but tonight there was no moon and it was very dark. About half way home Julie heard a car coming up the road. This was rare but she really did not think twice about it. The car slowed when it neared her. Then all of a sudden it gunned its engine headed right toward her. She dove for the ditch at the side of the road.

She hit hard knocking the breath out of her. She heard car doors and then someone jumped into the ditch next to her. They grabbed her, more than one set of hands. Her arms a pulled behind her and tied and a blindfold is pulled over her eyes, before she can focus. Hands pull at her clothing ripping it from her body. She opens her mouth to scream but something is pushed into her mouth and sealed there with several strips of duct tape.

"How do you like that bitch, do you like the taste of your own pussy?"

They had pushed her own panties into her mouth. She is lead through the forest. Finally she is pushed to a tree and loops of rope are tied around her upper body. Sealing her to the rough bark of the tree. A rope is tied around her left ankle and her leg is pulled to the side spreading her wide, it is tied off to another tree. Another rope is tied to her left ankle and it is pulled and tied off stretching her wide open.

"How do you like this so far slut?" It's a female voice, but she can't quite make out who it is, but it sounds very familiar.

Then something hits her across the chest and breasts. It burns as it hits, she yelps into her gag. The beating continues, over and over she is being hit with a branch or something. Red whelps show all over her upper body and her small perky breasts. They continue until her breasts are a solid red. Then they start on her pussy, branches hit her legs and inner thighs then right on her pussy. She yells through the gag for them to stop. It just causes them to hit her harder. Finally as she slumps against the tree, they stop.

She can hear them talking but can't tell what they are saying. Then she feels something being pushed up inside her. It's long and they push it all the way in. Amazing to herself she is wet and it slides right into her virgin pussy. Then it is pulled in and out, in and out. She moans as it goes in her. Then there are hands on her breasts, her body responds and her nipples get hard. A mouth finds each nipple and sucks it hard. She moans.

"She is enjoying this" one of the girls says. "Keep it up, faster"

They thrust harder, as they suck hard on her nipples. One of the girls starts to play with her clit. This sends Julie over the edge. She shakes in orgasm. "She loves it, want a slut."

They stop as Julie fights for breath. "Hope you liked that bitch girl, I think we will leave you here to let you cool down," the girl laughed.

That laugh, now Julie knows who it is, Nancy Simons, what a Bitch Julie thought.

"Hold her pussy lips open" she heard Nancy say, "give me your hair clips Susan."

There was another one, Susan Blame another blond bitch thought Julie. She feels a hair clip on each side of her pussy lips. They hurt as they close on her tender flesh. Then she hears duct tape and feels the clips being taped down holding her open.

"Nice," she heard one of the girls say.

"Here do this," Nancy says, she feels hair clips on her nipples they bit into her. "One more thing before we go Bitch!" Nancy says.

She feels something pushed inside her open pussy. It burns as it goes in. "Oh god she thinks, it's stinging nettle!"

They push and fill her pussy with the nettle and then duct tape over it to hold it in.

"There you go bitch, I hope you enjoy yourself, I would not count on getting free no one ever comes out here in the forest."

"You can't do that", one of the girls said.

"Hide and watch me Anna, you want the same treatment?"

Anna backed away, "No."

"Ok then keep your mouth shut."

"Lets go girls."

Julie heard them leave as they crushed through the forest back toward the road. Then and there Julie made a promise to herself that they would pay. Each one of the girls would pay dearly. Her pussy burned from the nettle, but all she could do was stand there. Her nipples hurt from the hair clips, which had turned into a dull pain that never went away. Hours later she thought she heard something then her right arm was free. She heard someone running back through the forest.

Twenty minutes later Julie pulled the nettles from her sore pussy and made her way naked through the forest to the road. It was very early in the morning. She listened for cars as she made her way home. She used the spare key and let herself in the house and silently went upstairs to her room. She showered and put Vaseline on her pussy. It was really sore from the nettles. She did not look forward to peeing. She feel asleep on her bed exhausted, her mind already planning revenge.

The rest of that year went fast and Julie moved closer to town. Now she had gotten a nice job which paid her well. She had bought a old house on the hill outside of her small town. She was still single, boys did not matter to her, only the revenge she had planned for years. Now soon she would have it.

03.10.07

story continues in [**Twisted 2: Revenge is Best Served Cold**](twisted2.html)

o0o
