---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Dangerous Leigh 3
authors:
- The Third Thane
tags:
- Sbf
- fantasy
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2006-11-02 00:00:00
---

**Chapter 7**

Leigh woke with a start. It took a moment to remember that
she was tied tight to a steamer trunk, hands shackled behind. Never before had
she dozed during a bondage session, but this was beyond any other session. Her
body was exhausted. All sense of time’s passage was lost. How long had she
been unaware? Her body still glistened with sweat, but now she felt slightly
cold in the cellar air. The world was dark and still, but she knew. A phantom
presence lingered. There was urgency in her soul. Her thighs ached from
pushing against the spreader bar. Her head throbbed from both a headache and
from the rope yanking at her neck each time she tried to rise. She had time to
think, and that was the worst part. That son-of-a-bitch had a job to do, and
would do it only too well.

How could she have done this? Why didn’t she try that
thing out, really try it out, first? As much as she wanted to push the thought
of the first assault out of her mind, she could not push the two inches of
reminder out from her bruised cheeks. She knew he was coming back. Like a
corrupt guard making his scheduled rounds, she knew he would come around again.
She worked to keep focused and to stay with Leigh, but this was beyond a little
Thursday game. Or was it? Isn’t this what she longed for, bored at her desk?
She knew he was coming soon. The dread filled her almost as much as the
dildo. Was this her game, or more than a game?

She shook her curled blond locks, but the blindfold held
fast. She could not see her nemesis, but she could certainly feel him. The
ropes lashed her tight to the trunk lid, her nipples had rubbed red from her
struggles. Leigh kicked forward at the trunk, but the bolts in the floor ran
deep. She had drilled the eight holes herself. The weighted table was beyond
her reach. Her wrists and thumbs throbbed from the cuffs. She could almost
reach her cheeks, but she couldn’t protect herself. These cuffs were selected
special, since they were the one pair that she couldn’t pick even with her
tools. She closed the cuffs too tight to slip out, she was pained from
trying. The jingle of the chain had lost its erotic appeal.

Her manicured red nails could not reach a single knot, nor
could they hope to unlock the leather bonds. The wood from the trunk creaked
when she pulled back hard, neck straining against the nylon, leather unforgiving
in its hold. She yelled into the cotton and tape. Nothing moved, not one ½
inch of relief. What logic remained whispered that she measured a little extra
ice the night before. Two solid hours, realistically closer to three. No
chance the keys would drop early enough. Leigh pulled and struggled randomly,
knowing that it was no use. Escape was impossible, but her mind could not come
to grips with what that truly meant. Could the power go out, maybe the damn
thing would break? All were hopes that she could really not sustain. He would
return.

I need to stop him! Her bondage was too good to save
herself. She had to stop him before the hour was up. But how? He had no ears
for her gagged pleading. He had no eyes for her tied, ravaged body. He had no
heart for her pain. He had no conscious for her humiliation. Real villains
never do. She could image vile lust or even pure evil inside his wiring, but
the truth was far crueler. Physics felt nothing. She longed for him not to
return, to pass by her plight, to show …mercy? There was no mercy in that
cellar, only a helpless, naked prisoner. The fun of the game had evaporated,
and panic washed in. She was about to be raped, ass raped by electricity and
steel. There was absolutely nothing she could do about it.

CLICK.

**Chapter 8**

The dildo fired roughly straight into her cheeks, then set
directly into its piston action. Her ass felt like it had been seared with a
hot blade. A scream burst from her chest, filling the narrow basement even
through the wad of laundry taped in her mouth. She had not counted on the lubricating
jelly wearing off. The rubber shaft was now brutally bone dry. He was full
speed from the moment the power came on. The motion made an audible slap, and
pulling sound. It was using her, her most private, precious self. The playful
stimulation was done. The real ass fucking had begun.

"30 minutes?" The visions flashed through her head. "10
minutes nearly ruined me. How can I survive three times that pounding?!" She
winced, closing her eyes even behind the binding silk folds. She felt herself
pawing at her lower back, grasping for her butt, trying to stop the pressure
over and over. Thrust, thrust, thrust. The friction really felt like it was
burning four inches up her hole, and was getting worse. The pain and the drum
beat matched the pulse she could feel in her temples. Her neck repeated it
futile pull on the rope.

Then, it started again, this time as a wave in her belly.
Leigh was vigilant now, she knew what to expect. "Oh, no. Not this time.
Not this fucking time you shit!!" She swore into her gag. "That shaft can ream
my ass, but I won't cum again. I will not give over! You can't make me cum
again! This game is done." She ground her pussy into the wooden lid, not for
stimulation, but to gain some freedom from the piston. It didn't help. Two
chained boots slammed into the floor. She was white hot angry at herself. Why
not test first? Why did she set the speed so high, and the strokes so fucking
long? Thrust, thrust, thrust. He gouged into her being over and over. The
pain pinched and burned with each push.

"How long is 30 minutes?" She would
not come again damn it. She would make her final stand.

And yet the fire grew, even slower than before, but grew
steady with the piston drive. Leigh fought it, hard. Her hands mauled the
cuffs, with no hope of release. The swelling in her empty pussy, fanned by her
aching loins, rose like a red thermometer. Nothing could stop it. Leigh had to
fight it, try to keep it down. Thrust, thrust, thrust. Once she came, she knew
it was over. It was like no normal orgasm. Her passion would plow like an
avalanche, consuming everything in its path. She would never stop it if she let
herself go. He wouldn't let her stop. Only the timer saved her before from
physically and mentally imploding. But 30 minutes?! Thrust, thrust, thrust.
She could never last without rescue, and no hero was due. There was only her
and Ming in the room. The steel driver said better than words that he didn't
care. She fought on.

Even while she struggled, it gained force. He was not
changing, but her body surely was. As she tensed, it built further, working
up. She willed her body to reject, but her betrayal was apparent. She was
losing strength, and even worse, losing desire. "NO, you can't just give in
Leigh!" She had been abused before, but never truly taken. She couldn't let
herself go like this. Thrust, thrust, thrust. She pulled at her shoulders and
legs, pulled every single muscle, trying to stop him by all her power. He knew
no relenting. “He can’t have Dangerous Leigh!”

She could feel her edge, but it
danced just beyond control or release. A long, pleading scream was forced out.
"Please, PLEASE STOP! You can't do this, I can't take it! OH, PLEASE for God's
sake, STOP!!" Her mind could not comprehend that she was openly begging to no
one. This was farther than any human villain could torture her. No, it took a
machine to dispense this inhumanity. Not a bit faster, not a fraction slower.
Thrust, thrust, thrust. Relentless.

Like frigid water dumped unexpectedly, Leigh came. She
lost awareness of her limbs as they clawed her bonds. She body convulsed
uncontrollably, lunging on the trunk and striping one of the bolts holding it to
the floor. Her sweaty hair flew as her head thrashed violently against the
rope. Scream after muted scream sprang out, making her imprisoned throat
horse. Her pussy contracted with each push, spraying the wood wildly with her
juice. And still it rose. Her pussy, unfullfilled, craved the satisfaction
it was cruelly denied. The blood continued to flow hot to her empty space,
forcing her further and higher. It would not end, he would not stop.

"Please,
I'M BEGGING YOU. STOP PLEASE!" Thrust, thrust thrust. Her nerve ending could
feel no more. Pain, pleasure, joy, fear were bombarded together in a fusion
reaction. Like a bomb, the energy released was uncivilized, inhuman. It pushed
her higher. Could a machine gain a soul, hear her cries? Tears streaked her
face along with her matted blond hair. She knew that answer.

Her defeat was complete. The evil had won, without trying
or triumph. Her body thrusted back into the dildo as far as the ropes allowed,
matching her rapist’s piecing. The pain was not gone, but it inflamed her
pleasure to dizzying heights. Justine's will and her mind were no longer hers.
The passion was a sea that filled her senses. And still it rose. The heroine
vanished, and a shameless slave remained. She needed him, like her next gulp of
air. Thrust, thrust, thrust.

She moaned long behind the gag, from deep within
her staggering diaphragm. “Please ..don’t ..stop… PLEASE…NEVER …STOP!!”

What
monster is this? No mere mortal could do this to her. Her passion thrusted
onward. “MOTHER… OF… GOD, YES!!!” Ming had broken her completely. She was
owned by wood and steel, his to posess. On and on her body rode the
sensations. The pain was intense, but she had no reserves for the
humiliation. Never had it felt so hard and good, so FUCKING GOOD!! Her
treasured toy had taken her to the core. Thrust,

CLICK

What? Off? No not off!! Not yet. Just a little more.
“Please,” Leigh moaned, letting her head hang forward. She tried to look back,
still blindfolded. “Come back, please. If there is even one spark in you, come
back.” New tears filled her eyes. “Don’t leave me like this…I…I need it.”
The ropes and leather held her fast, but now she was a prisoner from her
desire. She pushed back, wiggled her ass. Could she knock it back ON?
Nothing, only her labored breathing. Not one more thrust. She wearily yanked
at her cuffs out of frustration. He was finished. Her lover was truly gone,
and there was nothing she could do about it.

The keys dropped some time later, and Justine released
herself from the cuffs and bindings. The pain in her ass returned with a
vengeance. The light stunned her as she removed the silk from her eyes. She
half crawled to the video camera which flashed 2 hours and 37 minutes of
recorded ecstasy. She then looked back at Ming. A simple machine, only an
electric motor. She rubbed the shaft, knowing better. He had spoiled her
forever. Justine called in sick from work the next day. A heroine need time to
recover.
