---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Invention
authors:
- Painter
tags:
- Sbmf
- M-f
- bond
- cuffs
- gag
- machine
- cons
- X
date: 2007-11-25 00:00:00
---

My girlfriend Jill and I are into bondage. Not the whole lifestyle and the clothing, just the tie up and sex part.  We enjoy getting kinky to keep our sex life fun. I love to tie her up and I love it when she ties me up. For me, these are two completely different fetishes even though they’re both bondage. She’s the same way. She loves both sides. We’ve collected a lot of equipment and love to use it. Especially on rainy days when there’s nothing else to do.

The only problem we’ve had is deciding who gets tied up. Not a big problem but several times, the decision has taken too long and the mood as been ruined. That’s where my invention comes in.

Since I have a boring job, it gives me plenty of time to think about sex. The idea for my invention came to me at work. The “Bondage Randomizer”. I was so excited that I spend the next month in my shop in the cellar working on it. When I had finally finished, I took a day off from work to install it in our bedroom. It was an oak box about the size of  a large toaster oven. I had to remove a section of wall board from the ceiling to install it. I actually installed it from the attic because some of the guts of it wouldn’t fit in the box. And, I wanted to make sure it very secure. I bolted it to two 2X10’s.

From the bedroom, the box looked like a piece of furniture with four large holes in it, two on either side. If anyone ever saw it I would probably tell them it was an exotic air cleaner but I doubt they would believe it. Especially if they saw the handcuffs right inside the holes. Or the extra eye bolts on the outside.

It was a Bondage Randomizer. This machine could make the top/bottom decision for a kinky couple. To use it, both people need to stand on something that would allow them to put their hands through the two holes on their side of the box. A 30 second timer is set and then the couple holds each others hands inside the center of the box. The handholding is because these two people are in love. (And to make sure no ones cheating.) When the timer runs out,  one pair of handcuffs snaps shut. One person is free and other is standing on a chair, cuffed to the ceiling.

Jill was a little nervous about this. No all of my home improvement projects workout so well. What happens if it malfunctions and we are both cuffed? I assured her there was no chance of this. Inside the box there is a five pound metal ball that rolls down one of two tracks. At the bottom of each track there is the mechanism that uses the force of the heavy ball to close the cuffs. There is only one ball. It can only go on one track or the other.

Jill was still worried and she wanted to tell some to check on us at a certain time. I would not hear of this. For me, it takes thrill out. I hate using safe words and all that. For me the thrill is knowing that I’m at the other person’s mercy. This may sound foolish but we deal with safety differently. We never drink if we are going to play tie up and we just use common sense. I’ll certainly listen to why she thinks she needs to be released but I’ll decide.

Anyway, I compromised with Jill and agreed to have the 2 handcuff keys frozen in ice cubes and hanging within reach.

We finally ready to try my machine out. I had a bench for me to stand on and a short dresser for her. I got out two ball gags. After we showered, I got on the bench and she got on the dresser. Each of us had a ball gag on and were wearing only towels. Even though Jill’s hair was wet and she wasn’t wearing make up, she was still incredibly sexy. I set the timer and we reached through the holes and held hands. It was a strange sensation not knowing if I was going to be able to ravage a helpless Jill or if I would be the prisoner.

The timer ended and Jill’s cuffs snapped shut. This was great. I pulled my hands out and undid my gag. Then I removed the two iced keys. I put on a pair of shorts and got to work.  First I put some leather cuffs on Jill and secured them to the eyebolt. Then I released the metal cuffs that were part of the machine. No need for Jill to be uncomfortable. At least not until I decided.

I took off Jill’s towel. She looked great. I took my time and played pervert touching here and there with some light tickling and nibbling. Then I got out the spreader bar. I found one that would allow both of her feet to remain on the dresser but that was wide enough to really open her up. Then I got out the oils. Even though I had hundreds of ideas of things to do, Limited myself to one. I knew her anus was very sensitive. She was embarrassed to talk about it but I knew because if she got really really, drunk she would tell me. This was perfect. She would be able to enjoy herself without embarrassment because it would be my doing. She hadn’t asked for it and she could not protest.

Once I had her oiled up I could tell she was starting to get turned on. Standing behind her, I concentrated on her nipples. She was getting really hot. I came around to the side so I could take one of her nipples in my mouth and free up a hand. Now, with my free hand I started oiling her behind. Up down her crack, over and over again, just barely brushing her asshole. Slowly I increase the intensity so I was making small circles around her hole occasionally poking my finger a little way in. She was going crazy moaning and arching  her back. When I felt she was ready, I came around to the front and started licking her clit until she went over the edge and came. She made so much noise I actually checked to see if the gag had fallen out. Then she went limp. I was super careful taking her down and laying her in the bed. When she work up she just smiled and hugged me. My invention was a success.

We used he randomizer many time since and we both loved it. It actually is pretty random. I ‘ve been stuck in the thing many times. Jill turns into a demon and thinks of some pretty wild thinks to do to me. I know she loves me but anyone watching her torture me would seriously doubt it. In our most recent session she tickled me until I peed on her. I know it was a setup because she kept handing me drinks while we were getting ready. She may have even slipped me a diuretic.  Even though it was a setup she still became furious. She got a safety razor and shaved all the hair off my body. Then whipped me with an electric whip, the kind that hurts more than a real whip until I cried. I guess I am a sicko if I enjoyed that.

Oh well, we love my new invention and I’m actually taking to a company in Taiwan about producing and marketing a simplified version.
