---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Love Through The Ages 2
authors:
- Darkraptor
tags:
- MF+
- egypt
- archeologists
- tomb
- Mummy-mf+
- majick
- sarcophagus
- released
- trap
- capture
- wrap
- cocoon
- susp
- entomb
- sealed
- buried
- cons-nc
- X
date: 2005-10-10 00:00:00
---

story continues from [part one](love_thru_ages1.html)

**Love through the ages - Part Two**
Based on an original idea by Wrappers Delight

Egypt, 2006

Darkness
Silence
Peace
Serenity
I live

The sun shone down on the pyramids on the Gaza strip. The Nile River
flowed a good distance away from the archeology team that had set up camp
near the pyramids. The camp was busy as the team members quickly and professionally attended
to their tasks. Equipment was gathered, helmets put on, flashlights charged.
All currently known information about the pyramids and what lied beneath
them was on a folding table under a tent.

“Yes, I can see that Doctor Moss, but I just can’t imagine that there
is a hidden chamber beneath the pyramid. Teams have been working in this
area for years, and they haven’t found anything.”

Doctor Moss pulled off her sunglasses and looked at her assistant Theodore,
a young man fresh out of college. He was a smart one, but a little on the
pessimistic side.

“Don’t worry Theodore. I know there’s something down there, and we are
going to find it. Those hiroglyphs we found in the burial chamber a month
ago specifically said there was a secret chamber deep beneath the pyramid.
We have to be close. Our scanning equipment has picked up a possible location
where a doorway might be, so we’re going down there today.”

She glanced at her watch. “Actually, we’re leaving now.”

Moss left the white tent and lifted a small megaphone. “Attention all
team members. Will the members going into the pyramid please assemble near
the equipment tent? Thank you.” She turned to Theodore, who adjusted his
glasses.

“Time to make history.” She said, grinning from ear to ear.

Time has no meaning for me. A single day lasts a minute. Years pass
by in moments. There is no death here. There is only peace and rest.

The small team of five Egyptologists walked over the soft sand to the
pyramid in front of them. A large hole had already been opened after days
of hard work by the locals. Moss paused at the entrance and peered in.

“Do we have anyone in there?” She asked one of her assistants. Ellen
looked through a clipboard of hers.

“No, all the assistants have the day off. It’s just going to be us in
there.”

Moss smiled. “Then what are we waiting for? Let's go!” The five of them
eagerly and quickly scurried into the darkness of the hole.

I lie here within my tomb. I am content. The desire to leave does not
exist here. Even if I wanted to leave, I would be unable to. I have not
moved a muscle in years. I am held tightly in place by my bandages, which
have ceaselessly held me through the centuries. I have lain in their soft
and warm embrace, waiting for the time when I will protect my charge.

The five explorers walked through the dark tunnel, carrying torches
to light up the never-ending darkness. One of the explorers, Jan, checked
her watch, reading the digital compass on it.

“The tunnel should start sloping down any second now.” Her alertness
was rewarded when the passageway sloped down at a thirty-degree angle.

“Very nice.” Ellen said. “That little toy of yours could come in handy
one day.” The five explorers continued on.

The mind abhors a vacuum. Throughout the long years that I have lain
here, I have thought of much. My princess, who rests not ten feet from
me. My former life outside of my coffin, as a priestess. My world is now
here, in this small coffin that contains me.

At the bottom of the tunnel, the five explorers found what they were
looking for. A large stone doorway constructed out of stone so thick and
heavy that not even dynamite could open it.

Moss inspected the door until she found what she was looking for. “Here
we are.” She whispered. Four empty slots were set in the hard rock. “Natalie,
bring up those figures will you?”

Young Natalie walked up and opened a small bag of hers. Inside were
four small figurines of various Egyptian deities. Taking the figures, Moss
worked them into the slots. Each one was a perfect fit.

Ellen was obviously very excited. “Well, let’s make history!” She said,
wearing a smile the size of the Nile. Moss smiled as well, and pressed
each figurine as hard as she could.

There was a loud rumbling noise as unseen gears moved quickly and efficiently.
Levers moved and pressure plates shifted. The huge stone door slowly began
to move upwards.

“All right.” Theodore whispered. The others watched with mounting excitement
as the stone door slid upwards and out of sight. The light from the flashlights
shone deep into a tunnel that had been revealed. There was stunned silence
from the five Egyptologists who stood there.

“Do you realize what this means?” Jan whispered. “We’re going to be
famous!” Theodore walked ahead for a few feet before stopping. He crouched
and shone his light on the floor.

“Look at this!” He said excitedly. “There are still some footprints
here on the floor.” The others crowded around.

“That dust hasn’t moved in years.” Jan said. “This tunnel hasn’t been
walked in since it was sealed!”

“Then lets move on and see what else is back there.” Moss said. Excited,
the five of them walked eagerly into the long tunnel.

They did not notice that a large section of the floor soundlessly sank
a few inches as they stepped off it.

I rest and dream. My existence revolves around not being fully awake,
or truly asleep. In this state, time moves more quickly then normal. It
has kept me sane throughout the years.

Wait… something, something… in my head! Something is wrong! Then I see
it, with my mind’s eye.

I am the pyramid. I see and hear everything. The entrance to the tunnel
has been opened. I see… five people… thieves… walking down the corridor. I
do not recognize their clothing or their speech. But they are surely here
to go after the princess’s body. I will not allow this!

In a room far beyond the narrow tunnel, a black sarcophagus lay still,
sealed tight, protecting something vital held within. Then there was movement.
Four hooks slowly came down from the ceiling and attach themselves to the
sarcophagus lid. Unseen gears retract the hooks, and the sarcophagus lid is removed,
stale air escaping from inside. Underneath the sarcophagus lid is a black
wooden coffin, sealed tight.

On the side of the coffin, there are ancient locks. They slowly begin
to move, as if by magic. A loud click echoes through the silent room. Then
another. I hear sounds. I hear noises from nearby. Something is happening. I
think, and realize that I am being released from my resting-place. There
are two clicks near my head. Then I feel a surge moving through me, as if cold water is replacing
blood. I feel… stronger… more powerful. The strength of the guardian has
been awoken.

I realize what I have to do, even if I do not want to do it. But I must.
The safety of my princess is now at stake. I flex my muscles, ignoring
the cramps that come with the first movement in centuries. I then thrust
and punch.

There is a ripping sound. Then I punch and thrust my other arm. Another
ripping sound. I continue to thrust my arms, hearing my beloved cocoon
being torn to shreds as I work my way free of it’s loving embrace. Deep
down I want to cry and mourn as I leave my womb. But there will be time
for that later.

With little effort, I rip my arms free. With the strength of guardians
flowing through me, I have managed to rip off the first several layers
of bandages that had held me. Reaching up, I feel the wooden lid of my
coffin. I easily lift it and slide it off. I pause as my buried nostrils
move to inhale fresh air. Even with my enhanced strength, I still choke
as my ancient lungs take in the air.

After pausing for a moment, I look down. My legs are still cocooned.
Sadly, I reach down and reluctantly rip off the bandages. The comforting
warmth leaves me as my legs are revealed. Working quickly, I remove all
the restrictive bandaging. But I leave the first few layers that encase
my body, limbs, and head so I can move, yet still be encased at the same
time.

Straining my muscles, I leave my coffin and stand in my tomb. I check
the princess’s sarcophagus. It stands, safely untouched by time or by robbers.

I concentrate for a moment. With my powers, I now know every location
and secret passage within this large underground tomb. I see that there
is a switch located in this chamber, behind the princess’s sarcophagus.
I walk over and press the lever. I watch as gears begin to move throughout
the entire underground tomb. Behind my bandages, I manage a smile. I will
have my fun with these thieves before punishing them for daring to enter
this tomb.

Moss, Theodore, Ellen, Jan, and Natalie continued down the long tunnel.
They had been walking for more then ten minutes, and still had not reached
the end. “How much longer is this going to go on?” Natalie said as she
walked.

“I don’t know.” Moss said. “I don’t recall any passageway ever being
this long before. Maybe it’s…”

At that moment, there was a loud grinding noise. Everyone froze. “What’s
that?” Jan whispered. Nobody replied, busy thinking the same thing.

The noises happened again, this time much closer to the tunnel they
were in. Dust that was on the walls began to vibrate and fall silently
to the ground. There was a loud slamming noise.

The ground beneath Moss and Jan suddenly dropped away, breaking in two
like a trap door. The two fell through the large hole, shrieking in surprise.
Ellen, Natalie and Theodore jumped back. “Jan, Moss!” Ellen shouted. She
quickly lay down on her belly and looked in the hole.

Moss and Jan were ten feet below them, lying in a heap. Jan looked up
at them. “Get us out of here!” She shouted. “Ok, Ok! Just hold on! We’ll
get you…”

Suddenly the floor that had given way began to move back into place
with surprising speed. Jan instinctively withdrew her arms from the hole
as the floor snapped into place.

“No!” Natalie shouted. The three of them quickly began to search for
a way to open the floor, but it was impossible. The trapdoor blended in
perfectly. In desperation, Theodore jumped up and down on the trapdoor,
but failed to get any results.

“What are we going to do now?!” Ellen gasped. “We can’t leave them there!”

“I’m thinking, I’m thinking.” Theodore said, his mind racing. “Ok, ok,
ok. We’ll just look around, see if there’s a switch or something, and if
that doesn’t work, we’ll head back to the surface.” At that moment, the
grinding noises started up again.

“Oh no.” Natalie moaned.

There was a loud grinding noise above the explorers. They looked up
to see a large stone wall coming down directly on top of them. “Run!” Theodore
shouted. The three got up and ran. The wall slammed down a few seconds
later, directly on top of the trapdoor.

As they ran, wall after wall continued to come down after the explorers,
sealing the tunnel behind them. Theodore looked ahead and spotted a doorway
ahead of them.

“Up there!” He panted. “We’re almost there!” He reached the doorway
and jumped through, as did Natalie. Ellen was right behind them, running
and running. She reached the doorway… just as a large stone wall slammed
down in front of it, blocking her path.

“No!” Ellen screamed, pounding on the wall with her fists. A loud grinding
noise suddenly demanded her attention. She looked to her right to see that
the tunnel wall was moving towards her with unnatural speed.

She shrieked, knowing that she was going to be crushed. Then there was
a smaller grinding noise, and a small opening appeared on her left. Without
waiting a moment longer, Ellen ran and leapt through the entrance.

But she landed in a small tunnel that slid downwards at a steep angle.
Withought stopping, she slid down the tunnel, deep into the maze that she
and her friends had unknowingly entered. The wall slammed against the small
opening, sealing it tightly.

In the small chamber that they had landed in, Moss and Jan tried to
get their senses together. Jan recovered first, picking up her flashlight.
She shined it around in an attempt to find out where they were. It was
a small chamber, only ten feet wide by ten feet tall. There was a small
tunnel directly in front of her, leading… somewhere.

Moss moaned, grabbing Jan’s attention. She quickly looked to her leader
and inspected her. She had a few bruises on her side, and there was a cut
on her forehead that bled slowly.

“You OK?” Jan asked. Moss nodded.

“I’ll be fine. We should be more concerned about how we’re going to
get out of here.” Jan pointed her flashlight up at the ceiling. It was
perfectly solid. There was no way they were going to get out that way.
Both listened intently. There was no noise or sound up above where the
others should be.

“Do you think they got into the same trouble as us?” Jan said.

“Probably. I think I heard more noises, so I’m betting they ran.” Jan
nodded quietly.

“Then I guess we’re on our own.” She pointed her flashlight as the tunnel
ahead. “Looks like that’s the only way out.” Moss nodded.

“Then we go on. Should I lead the way, or do you want to?” Jan smiled.
The small attempt at humor brought a boost to both of their spirits.

Jan took the lead, crouching and crawling on her hands and knees as
she went on. Moss followed closely behind. “I hope there are no spiders
in here.” Jan muttered as she crawled on.

Theodore and Natalie tried for several minutes to open the door before
they gave up. Listening intently, they heard no sound from the other side.

“What kind of place is this?” Natalie said. “Did the Egyptians build
things like these?”

“No.” Theodore said, shaking his head. “I don’t recall ever reading
about traps as sophisticated as the ones in here.”

Natalie thought. “So what are we going to do?” She asked. Theodore looked
around with his flashlight.

“I guess we have to go on and see where this corridor leads.” The two
were in a corridor that went on and snaked around a corner. Natalie nodded.

“I guess I lead.” Theodore said as he walked on, his flashlight leading
the way.

Ellen tumbled and slid down the long tunnel as she plunged deeper and
deeper into the heart of the tomb complex. He brain could feel nothing
but the stinging pain every time she slammed into a wall. Her body was
covered with dozens of dark purple bruises. With every hit the pain seemed
to become less and less as she became number and number.

It finally ended when she fell out of the tunnel as it deposited her
in a large room. She landed with a thud on the floor. Bleeding from the mouth and a cut nose, she lay on the ground, trying
to gather her strength. It was several minutes before she was able to stand. Looking around, she spotted her flashlight on the ground a few feet
from where she stood. Its light still shone into the darkness, showing
that it had somehow survived the wild trip down here. She stumbled over
and picked up the flashlight. Glancing at her surroundings, she tried to
think. Where was she?

The room had no doors or any visible means of leaving. There was a vertical
tunnel right above her. Its ceiling was high up, higher then the light
of her flashlight could reach. Shaking her head in an attempt to be more
awake, she investigated the walls of this place. They were completely solid. Ellen stood in the center of the room, trying to think about what to
do next. She could try climbing back up the shaft. Or she could try to
climb the walls.

She did not notice the form silently descending from the tunnel. It
would not have mattered if she did. There was nowhere for her to run to.
The form was human in shape. It reached out with two human-like hands towards
Ellen. In one of its hands was a large thick rope.

Ellen chose that moment to stretch her arms. Putting them straight up,
she squeezed and flexed her muscles. The figure chose that moment to strike.

Moving exceptionally fast, the figure dropped the rope down and quickly
tied them around Ellen’s wrists. Another knot and the rope was secured
in place. It happened so fast that Ellen didn’t have time to react. The figure quickly went upwards, carrying the rope with it. Ellen was
carried into the air, her flashlight dropping to the floor. Now startled
back to her senses, Ellen fully realized what was happening.

“Hey!” She shouted. “Let me go!”

The figure finally reached a small ledge set into the tunnel. Moving
quickly, it tied the rope to a hook set across from the ledge. Ellen dangled
in mid-air, her arms forced above her. She saw the humanoid figure in front
of her. Ellen’s eyes adjusted to the darkness, and she was able to see
who it was.

It was a mummy. A human mummy. It was wrapped completely in faded bandages
from head to toe so that no skin was showing. The wrapping was thick enough
that Ellen could not tell if it was a male or female mummy. But as the
figure stood there, Ellen heard something that startled her to the bone.
Breathing. The mummy was breathing. There was a living person under those
bandages!

“Wh… who are you?” Ellen stammered. The figure made no reply. Instead,
it raised its fingers towards her, as if accusing Ellen of some terrible
crime. Ellen unconsciously tried to move away from those fingers.

The figure twitched its fingers, and, impossibly, bandages began to
fly from them! Ellen was so shocked that she was momentarily paralyzed
as the bandages quickly reached her body. She was shocked out of her stupor
as the bandages began to wrap themselves around her!

This couldn’t be happening! It just couldn’t! “Stop!” Ellen shouted.
“I demand that you stop this!”

The mummy made no reply as the bandages continued to wind themselves
around her entire body. Already her legs were beginning to vanish under
the bandages swathing themselves around them. Her chest and hips were becoming
encased as the bandages swarmed over them and held fast in a death grip.

“Please!” Ellen sobbed. “Why are you doing this?!” Again, the mummy
made no answer, except to increase the speed of the bandages.

Ellen’s body up to her armpits was now fully wrapped and encased within
a sheath of incredibly tight and compressing bandages. And the wrapping
was still continuing. The bandages were now working themselves up over
her stretched arms, squeezing tighter and tighter until it felt like her
already strained arms were being held in an armbinder. Soon, only her face
remained, the only skin that had not been wrapped by the bandages.

Ellen stared at her mummifier. Why was she doing this? Who was it? Why,
why, why? Before she could ask the questions, the bandages mercilessly
applied themselves over her mouth, sealing it shut. As she tried to open her mouth, the bandages moved up over her face.
Only a few inches left before her eyes. Ellen sobbed and struggled as the
bandages inched closer to her eyes.

If I had the ability to smile, that is what I would be doing right now.
This fool was easier to capture then I thought. And carrying out her punishment
is… satisfying. As I wrap her, she pleads for her useless life. Even if
I could understand her gibbering and strange words, I would have paid her
no heed. She deserves to be punished for daring to intrude upon the princess’s
tomb.

I work the bandages closer and closer to her eyes. I can tell she’s
panicking as her new wrappings cover them. With her eyes covered, her struggles
intensify. In response, I eagerly increase the speed of the bandages that
heed my call. I apply another layer over her entire body, sealing her in
permanently. She continues to struggle until all she can manage is a small
twitch. But I’ve applied these bandages well. She will never escape.

I click my fingers, and a chain descends from up above. Taking the rope
that still forces her now mummified hands above her head, I attach the
rope to the chain. With another click, the chain slowly moves upwards,
carrying this fool to her final resting-place. Her form, still twitching
and squirming, is carried into the darkness until I can no longer see it.

With one intruder eliminated, I am now free to dispose of the next one.
I pause, seeing the entire complex in my minds eye. Yes… that group will
be next. I quickly open a sliding passage and soundlessly slip inside.

The tunnel that Moss and Jan were crawling through was a very tight
fit. It didn’t help that it seemed to get smaller as they went deeper and
deeper, following this path, to wherever it lead them.

“This was the last thing I expected to do today.” Jan muttered as she
continued along, pausing to wipe the sweat from her forehead. “Crawling
in the dirt through a tiny tunnel that hasn’t been seen for centuries.”

“Well, it could be worse.” Moss said behind her. Jan paused and looked
back.

“How could it possibly get any worse then it is now?” She asked. There
was a very cloud clicking noise in the tunnel.

Moss shook her head. “You just had to say that didn’t you?”

The floor underneath both women suddenly opened in classic trap-door
fashion. Both shrieked as they fell out of the tunnel, landing on a hard
stone slope. The two instantly began to slide downwards. Fingers probed
frantically for something to grab. There was nothing to grab.

Moss looked forward, and saw the worst possible thing she could imagine.
A huge pit was waiting at the end of the slope. The only thing Moss thought
at that moment was, “You have got to be kidding me.”

The two slid closer to the pit. At the speed they were going, they would
fall in in five seconds. “Jump!” Moss shouted. Focusing on the ledge, she
timed it just right. She placed her feet and leapt as hard as she could. Propelled forward by her speed, she cleared the large hole and landed
hard, but intact, on the level floor on the other side.

Jan however, had much less time to react. She saw Moss jump and instinctively
attempted the same act. She moved her feet and pushed, jumping at the same
time. She sailed through the air, coming ever closer to the safety of the
other side. But despite her speed, she had not pushed off fast enough. She missed
landing on the ledge. Instead, she slammed into it. The wind knocked out of her, she fell downwards. At the last second,
she was able to grab the ledge. Moss quickly moved to help her friend up. She grabbed her hands and
pulled. But because she was the oldest in the group at age forty, she couldn’t
pull Jan up by herself.

“Jan!” She grunted. “Help me! I can’t pull you up by myself!” Jan responded
by letting go.

“Jan!” Moss shouted. She threw herself on the ground and looked into
the pit. She couldn’t believe what she saw.

There was a humanoid figure in the pit, clinging to the wall. It was
holding Jan over its shoulder. Moss realized that Jan had been pulled off
by that… thing. The being quickly let go of the wall, and plunged downwards into the
pit. Moss listened as Jan’s terrified screams faded with merciful speed.

Moss was alone. Completely and utter alone. The only thing she had with
her was a small flashlight. Too startled to think of anything else, she
turned and ran down a tunnel in front of her.

Another pitiful fool captured. She now lies on the floor, bound head
to toe in tightly wrapped, inescapable bandages. The wrapping squeezes
her body all over, and I can tell she’s having difficulty breathing. The
creamy flesh contained and compressed in perfect fashion. I’ve left her
eyes unwrapped, just for the fun of it. Her eyes tell me that she is terrified beyond all measure. Good. She
should be nervous. Considering the punishment she’s about to endure, she’s
lucky she’s not scared out of her wits.

The wrapping was easy. Took only a few minutes. Arms folded across the
chest, legs bound together. Five layers of tightly woven interlocking bandages.
She’s a perfect living mummy, mummified while still alive. If this were
a proper punishment I’d cut out her organs before I bound her, but I don’t
have the time. I have to finish this one and move on.

I snap my fingers, and a small section of the floor opens up, revealing
a deep pit about seven feet deep, and three feet by three feet wide. The
perfect place to store a body. Or a tomb robber.
I easily pick her up and carry her over to the hole. She begins to
squeal and squirm frantically, as if she knows what her punishment is.
I could wrap her up in ten more layers to stop the squirming… but what fun
would that be?

When I reach the hole, a small pedestal rises up, along with a wire
frame for a body to lean on while propped up. I place the fool so she’s
standing on the pedestal. I prop her against the wire frame so that it
cradles her body while keeping it upright. I step back and allow myself a moment to admire her mummified body.
She stares back at me, letting out muffled cries of protest. Even with
bandages filling her mouth, and more bandages forcing it shut, she can
still get out some “Mmmpphhhhsss” and “mmnooppooo!” as she squirms with
all her might.

My moment of admiration over, I click my fingers. The pedestal slowly
begins to drop down into the hole, taking the robber with it. She lets
out muffled screams and shouts of terror as she is taken to her inescapable
prison, where she will reside forever. Soon her entire body is now deep inside the hole. I walk over and peer
down, looking at her upright body. She lets out a scream of “ppwweesssssee!”,
heavily muffled by her bindings.

Ignoring her, I snap my fingers once more. A heavy piece of stone glides
into place over the opening. I get one final look at her terrified face
before the stone moves into place and stops with a loud click. It’s now
firmly sealed into place.

With the second thief down, I move into the next tunnel. I have three
more robbers to eliminate. I’m sure my princess is proud at how well I’m
protecting her.
.

My thanks to those of you who tell me what you think of my stories.
Your comments and suggestions allow me to refine my writting.
