---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Janet and the Snake
authors:
- Anonymous
tags:
- Snake-f
- swallow
- vore
- eaten
- nc
- XX
date: 2005-10-19 00:00:00
---

Note from the author: I hereby place this work of fiction into the
public domain

Janet broke into the clearing in the remote woods. She was a striking
young woman with long blonde hair. She had been hiking all day and was
tired, so she decided to rest in this idyllic spot. She took out a towel
from her back-pack and threw it on to the ground. Being an avid nature
lover, she had always been proud of her all-over tan. Quickly she removed
her T-shirt revealing small but perfectly shaped breasts. Her shorts and
panties followed quickly revealing a wonderfully hard and rounded bottom.
Kicking off her hiking boots and socks, she stretched sensuously a few
times and lay down on her back to soak up the late afternoon sun.

At sixteen,
she had the wonderful youthful body that drove older men wild, and laying
there on her back her pretty perky breasts did not droop or sag, but stood
firmly and provocatively from her chest. Her reddish-blonde bush glistened
with sweat in the sun. Her mind drrifted wistfully back to the previous
evening when she had laid in a similar position on her bed as her boyfriend
had lain on top of her, between her legs, penetrating her. Cozy, sensual
feelings flooded through her body as she drifted off to sleep.

The huge snake slithered from the undergrowth. It was hungry. It had
not eaten for a week, and now it was hunting again. Its forked tongue darted
in and out of its mouth as it searched the air for a scent of prey. It
was immediately rewarded by traces of the breath and perspiration of a
warm blooded creature - its favorite prey. Such a sweet smell to the hungry
predator. Silently and effortlessly the snake made its way to the doomed
girl. She was not moving and the snake wondered if she was already dead.
But no, the huge animal detected the rise and fall of her chest as she
drew in her breath. It circled the girl a few times, deciding on the best
plan of attack. Suddenly it made its move. It grabbed Janet's left leg
in its powerful jaws, and held it fast in a vice-like grip.

Janet was shocked into sudden wakefulness. At first she was disoriented
and did not realize what was happening. She felt a crushing pressure on
her leg. As sleep cleared from her mind she came to the awful realization
that an an enormous snake had her leg in its mouth. Larger than anything
she had seen before - in a zoo, or on television. She instinctively started
to struggle. She kicked with her other leg, its head, its eyes, and its
body, but to no avail. She pushed her free foot against its reptillian
lips. The snake saw its opportunity and grabbed at her other leg. Janet
gave a short, sharp scream and started to panic. What was she going to do.

She had not yet come to the full realization of the awfulness of her
predicament, and felt in no immediate danger. Well, it was pretty scary,
but she would manage to escape somehow. She tried kicking her legs inside
the snake's mouth but she could hardly budge them. She looked around her
in a vain hope that something would be available to help her escape. A
large rock or branch maybe; something she could hit the snake with.

The snake slowly moved its upper jaw forward. Janet screamed as the
small spiny teeth scraped along her shins. She saw small droplets of blood
forming on her skin. And then to her horror the snake pulled back with
its top jaw, pulling her feet into its throat. Janet gasped. This was not
supposed to happen! She was supposed to get out, not get pulled further
in! She looked down in horror. She was up to her knees in the mouth of
a huge carnivore.It intended to eat her; make her its next meal. The snake
repeated the motion, moving his upper jaw forward again, this time scraping
along the skin of her lovely thighs as her calfs were pulled into the throat.

Janet began to realize that she was not going to escape; at least not
on her own. Her attempts had been futile and without purpose. The snake
knew exactly what it was doing. It was pulling her slowly inside of its
body, something it had long practice at doing. Janet on the other hand
was improvising - badly. Maybe there was someone nearby.

"Help!" She shouted. Not very loud; her throat was dry and her voice
was harsh. She cleared her throat - a strange act in her predicament.

"HELP! HELP ME!," she screamed much louder. The sound seemed out of
place in the quiet, serene setting. She heard noises in the undergrowth;
animals scurrying away. Birds took flight from the nearby trees.

"ANYONE THERE" she screamed at the top of her voice. "PLEASE, IS THERE
ANYONE THERE, I NEED HELP." Her voice trailed off.

The clearing fell silent. The snake pulled on her again, and her thighs
slid effortlessly into the snake's throat.

"Oh God," she breathed as with horror she felt her bottom being pulled
into the snakes mouth. "Oh God, please help me. I don't want to die. Not
yet. Not like this."

Janet realized now that she was going to die; that her young life was
about to end. This huge hungry predator was going to eat her and there was
absolutely nothing she could do about it. She realized that it would have
no trouble swallowing her. The thought was more horrifying than anything
she had ever imagined. And it was not an imaginary fear. It was real, and
it was happening to her - right now! She tried to imagine herself being
swallowed whole and alive by this huge animal. How could she possibly face
this awful ordeal, this unspeakable horror? What was it going to be like
as her head was pulled inside the snake's throat. How would she bear it?

But, ready or not, prepared or unprepared, somehow she would have to
spend the final moments of her life suffocating and drowning in the belly
of a snake. Her thighs were in the throat's slimy, powerful grip. Soon
her head would be in that awful slimy throat. As she came to the full realization
of her predicament, she felt her muscles relax; go completely loose. She
was resigning herself to her fate.

The snake moved again. She felt the muscles in the throat ripple and
contract. She screamed as she felt it swallow. She thought she heard a
slurping sound as her bottom and vagina slid into the throat, and her belly
was pulled into its mouth.

"NO!" she screamed again. Nothing happened. The snake was undisturbed
by her pitiful wailing and her futile struggling. She felt no animosity
from the animal. It was merely doing what all carnivores do - eating to
stay alive in the only way it knew how. A sort of incongrous peace came
over her. In a strange way this made her feel one with nature. She was
prey; the snake preditor. This scene had been played over countless times
since the world began. Animals eating other animals. She had eaten meat
last night. She had felt nothing toward the poor cow that had given its
life so she could live, anymore than this snake give her a thought, other
than his meal.

Janet found herself strangely bonding with the snake. She realized that
she felt no animosity toward the snake either. After all, she would soon
become part of its body. She wondered if she tasted good; if she would
be nutritious. She began to almost welcome the thought of becoming a meal.
Almost unconcioulsy Janet slipped her hands and arms inside the snake.
She squeezed them down into the snake's throat, and found a warm resting
place between her legs. As a child she remembered doing this when she was
scared or unconfortable. And now, as she repeated the childish action she
did indeed feel a warm comfort come over her.

Janet's head, shoulders and breasts were still outside of the snake's
mouth;. It was almost a voluptuous sight. The firm youthful breasts contrasted
sharply with the cold reptillian features of the Snake's head and eyes.
But the sight it was not going to last. Another series of swallows and
Janet's breasts were quickly gulped into the snake's mouth. In spite of
her euphoria, she did gasp as the spiny teeth scraped over her tender nipples.
It was quite painful. Janet could not scream; she had no energy, or even
inclination any more to scream; she merely sobbed.

"Not my titties, not my little titties." It was almost a whisper. As
they scraped across the teeth, Jenny sobbed again. It was very painful,
but she realized it was just part of the being eaten. It was not her snake's
fault. He was not deliberately trying to hurt her. She felt the snake swallow
again. The rippling muscles strained and gripped her stomach and thighs
very closely. It was a warm, intimate embrace that aroused her even more.
She rubbed her clitty, and felt a powerful orgasm slowly building. She
sighed with relief as her breasts slipped from the pain of the spiny teeth
into the warm, slimy, and comforting embrace of the throat. It added to
the heightened sensuality of her predicament. Her head was pulled inexorably
inside the snake's mouth.

Janet turned her head sidways inside the mouth and looked out at the
idyllic clearing. It looked strange, framed by the jaws of this enormous
beast. Her eyes turned to look at her new surroundings. She could see the
insides of the snake's mouth. Saliva dripped from its cheeks all over her
face, in her mouth, matting her silky blonde hair. Every part of her body
except her face and head was being squeezed and carressed by the powerful
muscles of her snake's throat. Sexy thoughts filled her mind. She realized
that the snake's throat gripped her just like her vagina gripped a penetrating
penis. And just as her vagina gripped and hugged different sizes of penises,
so the snakes throat gripped the different bodies of its victims, completey
surrounding and molding its shape to the shape of the prey. The thought
was quickly dispelled as she felt another powerful swallow beginning at
her feet, working its way up her legs and thighs, gripping her stomach
and breasts. She felt her orgasm peeking. She wondered what the snake was
feeling, if he was enjoying eating her. Wave after wave of the most intense
sexual pleasure she had ever experienced filled her young body as her head
slipped into the throat.

"Here I go." She thought. She was submitting, completely, ultimately
to the desires and needs of her snake. The throat muscles wrapped themselves
around her mouth and nose; she couldn't breathe. She panicked and forced
her face upward, looking back toward the snake's mouth. With great relief
she took short gasping breaths. She could still see the tops of the trees
and the sky through the snake's mouth. But gradually even that last look
at the outside world disappeared as the throat muscles closed and totally
enclosed her in her new world. The pulsating, rhythmic swallowing continued
as Janet continued her journey toward the bowels of her devourer. Her vagina
was still pulsating rhythmically as the powerful orgasm continued to fill
her body.

As the throat closed over her, Janet knew that now she had been completely
eaten. Swallowed whole, alive. Now she could not breathe. Her orgasm was
dying, and the euphoria that had filled her mind was also fading. She tried
to gulp some air, but she could not breathe. She panicked and her body
began to spasm involuntarilly. The pulsating had stopped. Her body was
at rest, deep inside the beast. She realized she must have reached the
stomach. She tried to kick and punch, not even considering the futility
of her efforts. She felt more and more digestive juices washing over her
whole body. She felt her skin burning, and realized that the snake had
started digesting her.

She made one last futile effort to gasp for air, but all she got was
a mouthful of foul tasting acidic digestive juices. She coughed and gasped
trying to expel the disgusting liquid, but all she managed was to take
an even bigger lungfull of juices. She finally felt her life slipping away.
She was losing conciousness. Mercifully she would be dead before the real
digestive process started. This is it, she thought. I have been killed
and eaten by a snake. I am dead. As she passed from this life, flesh started
to fall from her body, to be reduced to liquid that the snake could absorb
into its body.

The snake slithered back into the undergrowth; satisfied and content.
It would sleep and rest for a few days as its body effortlessly and efficiently
completely digested its victim. There would be very little left of this
once beautiful body in a few short days.
