---
original_url: https://www.mummified.net/storiesad/damsels_under_wraps.html
subcategory: Mummified
title: Damsels Under Wraps
authors:
- Miss Stacey
tags:
- Sbf
- M/ff
- rope
- gag
- cuffs
- drug
- captive
- vetwrap
- cocoon
- stuck
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2004-11-15 00:00:00
---

It's 5:30pm, Rita Miller has finally finished her work so she calls
home to her roommate Barbara to see how she is doing. After three rings
she hears their answering machine.

"Hi there, We're tied up at the moment, so leave your message after
the beep, thanks."

Rita smiles to herself upon hearing the answering machine.

"Hey Barb, its me. I'm on my way now. I'll be there in an hour. Don't
go anywhere." She chuckles.

Rita knows Barbara has no choice but to stay right where she is because
she is literally tied up, just as it was stated on their answering machine.
The clever pun on words is a secret signal to confirm that Barbara needs
her help getting free from self bondage. Rita got a call from Barbara earlier
in the day alerting her that she was planning on engaging in their self
bondage game. As per the usual rule, each girl knows to call back after
a few hours to see if their answering machine is turned on. If it is on
that means the self tie is complete and they need the others help to get
free. Tonight is Barbara's turn to play damsel in distress and Rita's turn
to play the heroine rescuer. She takes a moment to tidy up her desk before
going to her car.

Barbara and Rita are intimate roommates who met at a sports club a year
ago. Barbara is a 5' 5" busty blonde part time dancer with a curvy figure
and Rita is 5' 6" brunette Ad executive with an athletic figure. It was
Barbara who first approached Rita one evening in the locker room. She had
left her lock home by mistake and asked Rita let her share her locker just
for the afternoon. Rita agreed. That was the beginning what would become
a close friendship. The two woman became workout partners as well as they
began to see each other outside of the sports club.

They began to spend a lot of time getting to know each other through
dating . Eventually their affections grew more intimate and they became
lovers. They became roommates renting a house in the suburbs. It wasn't
long before they discovered they each shared similar kinky ideas about
foreplay particularly a mutual interest in bondage. They tied each other
up on a regular basis taking turns becoming helpless at each others playful
mercy. When they couldn't be together for some reason they would each do
self bondage and worked out how to use their answering machine to call
for help to assure they neither would accidentally become stuck in a self
tie. It worked like a charm. A favorite self bondage role play game they
enjoyed was playing a helpless damsel in distress. Over time the two girls
became very competitive, with each trying to outdo the other to see who
could devise the most intricate and restrictive self bondage.

After driving for about an hour Rita pulls into their driveway very
excited. She can't help but wonder how creatively her friend has tied herself
up tonight. She looks at the windows of the house and doesn't see any lights
on.

"Oh, pooh. She still hasn't installed the automatic timer so the lights
would turn themselves on during self bondage. Now she's tied up in the
dark again." She says as she shakes her head.

Rita walks to the front door, her high heels click noisily on the concrete
as she walks. She unlocks the door and enters removing her shoes and pads
in her stocking feet to the light switch on the wall. She feels for it
for a moment then flips it on and is amazed at what she sees.

The living room is totally ransacked. Things are thrown everywhere as
if someone was searching for something. Among the huge mess laying on the
floor is Barbara. She is on her side completely wrapped from head to toe
in white vet wrap. She's bent slightly at the waist and knees. Rita sees
the slight rise and fall of her stomach indicates she's breathing fine
despite the fact her entire face, even her nose is covered. She can't help
but notice how Barbara makes a very sexy looking mummy. All of her curves
are clearly visible through the skin tight wrappings. Her arms are behind
her back and wrapped tightly against her body. Her small waist is cinched
very tightly causing the curves of her hips to flare out somewhat. Her
legs and feet are pressed together and wrapped as one single useless column.
Rita drops her shoes and the wrapped girl instantly becomes aware someone
is there. Barbara lifts her head and begins frantically struggling turning
her featureless face towards the direction of sudden sound.

"MMMmmmmphh! mmmmffffppt! MMMmmGGGhhhh!!!" She manages.

Rita is momentarily mesmerized as Barbara struggles on the floor helplessly.
She is completely impressed and the tightness of her friends self mummification
and the effort she's put into the mock burglary theme.

"I'm totally impressed Barb. My goodness girl, how on earth did you
manage to self mummify like that?. Its absolutely fantastic. By the way,
the trashed living room is a nice touch, it almost looks like you were
really robbed." she says as she picks up a lamp.

"Ggggggffff!.GMMmmmphh' mmMMGGFFF!" Barbara screams shaking her head.

Rita kneels down by her girlfriend and places Barbara's head on her
lap. She gently runs her hand over her Barbara's face.

"Awww, did a big bad burglar rob you and leave you all bundled up like
this you poor thing?" Rita says as she plays along with the robbery role-play.

Rita places her hand on Barbara's heaving breasts. She notices the vet
wrap is very warm to the touch.

"Oh my, you're really cooking in there aren't you?." She says with a
huge smile.

"MMMggmmmphh. MMMPPHH!!" Barbara bucks and kicks her cocooned feet.

"Oh be still hun. You know, I'm here to release you Barb, but I just
have get a closer look at what you did to yourself first." she says as
she rolls the cocooned girl onto her side.

She marvels at how the layers of vet wrap has adhered to Barbara's body
like a second skin. Her full sexy breasts, tight flat stomach, and round
buttocks are particularly well defined by the sticky wrappings. She feels
the back of Barbara's head and her fingers can detect a buckle of a wide
strap. Her fingers follow the strap to the front of Barbara's face where
bulge at her mouth clearly shows the shape of a ball in her mouth.

"Ball-gagged under there huh?." she says as she continues her inspection.

Rita's hands move lower and she feels the familiar ridges of ropes under
the wrappings. There are rope pinning Barbara's folded arms behind her.
More rope is tied around Barbara's torso and waist. She feels the waist
ropes at the small of Barbara's back and notices several more strands of
rope.

"Humm! ahhh, what's this..?"

Rita's fingers trace the rope strands as they lead down from Barbara's
waist and between Barbara's flexing butt cheeks then up into her vagina
where the rope is tied off to the front of her waist ropes.

"Oh how sweet. A crotch rope to keep you company while you wait to be
rescued. Are your knees and ankles tied too? Lets see." she says as she
rolls her bundled lover onto her stomach. As she suspected, Rita feels
ropes tied around her girlfriends knees, ankles and even Barbara's toes.

"Yep! Roped up to the max. Geeze, you went all out this time didn't
you?. But I just can't figure out how you did all this by yourself. I mean,
how could you tie yourself up so well and then still be able to wrap yourself
up so perfectly? You must tell me what method you used to do all this or
I'll spank you." She says as she slaps Barbara's vet wrapped buttocks.

"UmmmmmMMPPHH!!!" responds Barbara. Who arches her back and struggles
and kicks even more frantically than before.

"Ha ha, ha..oh sorry. Silly me. Lets get you unwrapped so you can answer
me." She says as she rolls Barbara onto her back and begins feeling for
an edge of the vet wrap at the back Barbara's head. She picks at the material
with her fingernails until she rips a piece and begins unwrapping Barbara's
eyes.

"Mmmmffgggh. mmmmff!!!" Barbara impatiently screams

"Ok ok, will you please hold still so I can unwrap you?." After a few
minutes Barbara's head is unwrapped. Rita sees she is gagged with her pink
ball-gag. There is a wad of cotton well taped over each of her eyes. Rita
carefully removes the tape and cotton wads from off of Barbara's eyelids.
Barbara blinks and tries to focus. She looks up at Rita with relief at
first but her attention shifts to something over Rita's shoulder and her
eyes go wide with fear.

"GGGHHHMMMMF!!!!" She gag screams with fright while wiggling wildly
and shaking her head..

Rita quickly turns to see what has frightened her friend but sees only
a dark blur as strong hands seize her tightly and a cloth is pressed over
her nose and mouth.

"Wha' mmmmfffffggg!" she screams as her hands grasp at the cloth over
her face.

Rita struggles as she is lifted up and off her feet. She fights and
squirms but whomever has hold of her is too strong for her to break free.
Her struggles soon lessen to nothing as she can't help but breath in the
strange sweet scent of the cloth. Then everything goes black.

Barbara's chest heaves as she helplessly witnessed Rita rendered unconscious
by the intruder. It was very similar to how he made her unconscious shortly
after she completed her self bondage earlier in the evening. She had no
idea when she began to tie herself up that he was already there in the
house watching her. His intentions were to tie up the occupant of the house
make off with valuables, but he stopped short when he saw Barbara arrive
home and immediately undress and begin playing with her ropes.

He found this very intriguing and patiently waited and watched her as
she tied her own crotch rope, knees and ankles, ball gagged herself and
handcuffed her wrists behind her back. She had inadvertently done his work
for him. It was a simple matter for him to step out from hiding and chloroform
her as she struggled in her own bondage. When Barbara came too she was
retied, blind and wrapped from head to toe like a parcel. The intruder
had apparently found their box of vet wrap and decided to indulge himself
at her expense. He had removed her handcuffs and tied her arms to her body
and bound her wrists. He retied tighter her crotch-rope, knee and ankle
ropes. He added additional bindings around her upper thighs and big toes
before wrapping her up with vet wrap.

She tested the bondage. He had tied and wrapped her so tightly that
as much as she tried she couldn't loosen anything. She even noticed that
he'd tightened her ball-gag another notch. It was then that she heard Rita's
voice on her answering machine telling her she was on her way. Barbara
heard the intruder curse under his breath and run out of the house slamming
the backdoor behind him. Barbara felt relieved that Rita's call seemed
to have effectively spook the intruder. All she could do was wait for Rita
to arrive and help her. When Rita finally arrived and delayed untying her
to examine what she thought was an ingenious self mummification she felt
like she would explode with frustration. Her heart had nearly stopped when
Rita's begin to unwrap her and removed her blindfold she saw the intruder
standing behind her. He had not left. He lingered and waited for Rita to
arrive. Now they both would need rescuing.

Barbara watched as the intruder placed Rita on her back and began removing
her clothes. He took off her blouse and skirt then her bra and pantyhose
and lastly he removed her thong panty. Still bound, wrapped from neck to
toe and ball gagged, Barbara could do nothing to stop this man. She watched
with dread as the intruder roughly rolls the naked Barbara on to her stomach
and used ropes to tie and cinch her elbows and her wrists together behind
her back. He lifts Barbara's hips slightly and fashions the beginnings
of a crotch-rope around her waist. He knots and pulls the rope down through
her vagina and back up between her buttocks before tying it off to the
back of her waist rope. He silently proceeds to tie and cinches her upper
thighs, knees, ankles and her big toes. The intruder steps away from the
bound girls for a moment.

Barbara sees that Rita is beginning to slowing come to. Her, arms, leg
muscles and buttocks begin to twitch as she attempts to move.

"Oohh..wha' oh God..." Rita says with a nervous groggy voice.

"GNNNMMMFF!!! mmmmmFFF!!" Barbara responds and flops onto her stomach.

She tries to crawl on her stomach like a snake over to her terrified
bound lover. She hadn't made much progress towards Rita by the time the
intruder returned with the box of vet wrap He stops when he see her attempting
to wiggle across the floor.

"Be still you!" he commands.

Frightened, she stops her crawling and looks over at Rita. Rita has
lifted up her head and is looking back at her. Each girl can see the worry
in each others eyes as to what will become of them. Rita turns her view
to the intruder. He is dressed all in black with a ski mask over his face.
He reaches into the box and holds up a black ball-gag.

"No, wait! Who..who are y' you... wh' mmmmffmmPPHH!!!" is all she is
able to say before he forces the ball-gag into her mouth and buckles it
tightly behind her head. Rita is more alert now and begins struggling.
The intruder dumps the remaining rolls of vet wrap near Rita's struggling
form.

"Time to be wrapped up." he tells her.

The intruder kneels down pulls Rita into a seated position on the floor.
He begins wrapping her feet first. He wraps quickly and tightly using roll
after roll of vet wrap stopping at her thighs. She forces her onto her
back and continues wrapping her from her hips upward until she is wrapped
from under her arm pits all the way down to her toes. He rudely pushes
her onto her stomach and begins wrapping her arms. In no time from her
fingers to her upper arms are wrapped into a single mass. He pulls her
back to a seated position and continues wrapping her from her upper arms
to her neck. The intruder stands and steps over to Barbara. He lifts her
up and drags over into a seated position next to Rita. He leaves them alone
and disappears into the back of the house. They hear him ransacking the
rest of the house.

Rita and Barbara look at each other with tearful eyes. Both are ball
gagged tied up with ropes and wrapped from neck to toes with sticky vet
wrap. Their playful self bondage role-play has become a real imprisonment
and robbery.

"issssh' wwwilllffff  bbbeeeeeff ookaassshh.." Rita tries.

"mmmfff..mmmoooppp..shhooommmpp" Barbara responds.

They wiggle closer to each other tying to give each other comfort. They
lean on each other and in doing so loose their balance and both fall backwards
onto their backs on the floor.

They squirm and wiggle like a pair of worms. The intruder returns with
a bag full of valuables. He looks down at the two helpless mummies at his
feet. They watch him as he walks over to the phone and places it on the
floor across the room from the girls.

"It's been fun ladies." he says as he hauls the stolen goods over his
shoulder and leaves out of the back door.

Both Rita and Barbara look at each other in shock. All the intruder
wanted was to burglarize the house. They thank god for that. All they need
to do now is crawl to the phone and gag call the police to help them. They
know it will be quite an embarrassing moment when help arrives but they
have little choice. They roll onto their stomachs and begin crawling inch
by inch to the phone. After crawling about halfway to the girls are startled
by phone when it suddenly rings and the answering machine picks up.

"Hi there, We're tied up at the moment, so leave your message after
the beep, thanks."

.
