---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Number 11 - Part 2 Reality Bites
authors:
- Gromet
tags:
- M-f
- F-f
- latex
- doll
- display
- stand
- cabinet
- objectified
- voy
- used
- sex
- denial
- maid
- trolley
- straps
- prepared
- bagged
- stored
- oral
- climax
- cons
- X
---

continued from [part one](number11.html)

**Part 2 - Reality Bites!**

Morning came and I awoke to find the bed empty other than
the schoolgirl doll laying there, her legs splayed from the night before but no
signs of my Master. The sunlight played through the windows and stuck to the floor,
I had no idea what the time was but guessed it was still morning. The bed sheets
pulled back revealing the doll in all her glory. Still in her school uniform but
the skirt raised and the clothing disheveled, left just as her Master had left
her the previous night after using her.

Soon the door opened and Maria the maid walked in the room
pushing a small trolley, her uniform black over white, the apron white with
frills around the edge. She walked in to the bedroom with a purpose, that was to
collect the doll laying on the bed and place her on the trolley. The doll was
moved over by her with relative ease and placed on the trolley, straps were
placed around the doll to hold it in place whilst in transit. As quickly as she
came in she left taking the schoolgirl doll back out through the bedroom door to
destination unknown at this stage. Again I had seemingly been ignored and left
bound and held in place within the cabinet.

A while later Maria re-entered the bedroom, this time she
had another doll, this one darker in appearance than the last one, a more
Mediterranean look to her. Her hair was brown curls down over her shoulders, her
white blouse revealing her breasts with the low cut top, the cloth slipping down
over her shoulders revealing the tops of her round globes. The skirt came down
below her knee to complete the gypsy look that she was dressed as. Large
earrings and plenty of jewellery completed the look. Maria wheeled the trolley
over to the now empty cabinet that had contained the schoolgirl, although she
didn’t look too strong Maria had no trouble in lifting the doll from the
trolley and placing her on the display stand. Adjusting the way the doll looked
and then completing the finishing touches before securing the doll to the
display stand and then pushing her back into the cabinet and closing the door.
Maria then made the bed and after a quick tidy up left the room.

All this time I was ignored as if I was now just part of
the furniture, just another part of the décor of the room, another dolly in her
glass case. After Maria left I began to contemplate just what I’d gotten
myself into, I had this great desire to become a doll, my one true wish had now
become reality. Had I wished too hard, I was beginning to have second thoughts
about being here, although at the moment there wasn’t a great deal I could do
about it. My dream to become a doll, a mere object had been turned from fantasy
into reality, and that reality was starting to get a bit tedious. Why didn’t
they want to play with this dolly, I thought that was what dollies were for. But
then dollies don’t have the choice of what happens to them now do they, I had
chosen to become my masters new doll and that was what I had become.

My thoughts were brought back to the real world when I
heard the door open and my master walk into the room, he strode over to my
cabinet and began opening the door, finally I was going to get some attention, I
craved his attention and would do anything he wished of me at this present
moment. He began checking my bonds and running his hands over my bound body,
feeling my flesh contained underneath all the layers of latex. He spoke briefly
asking how I was and hoped that I was enjoying my first real experience of being
a dolly. He left me standing there still strapped to the display stand and
walked into the bathroom, he brought me back a glass of water with a straw which
he attached to my gag and I found that I could suck the water through my gag. He
again left me and sat down on the bed and made some phone calls, he became more
involved in these and I had taken a back seat and was again just an object.

He finished talking on the phone and began to walk out of
the room, I thought that I was going to be left again locked away in the
cabinet, but he shortly returned and this time began unfastening the straps that
held me to the display stand. Once free he lifted me in his arms and carried me
to the bed, I was placed on top of the blankets and left there. My arms were
still enclosed in the armbinder, my legs still wore the same leather thigh boots
that held them rigid, the gag still in place, all he had done was free me from
the display. When he returned from the bathroom he was naked and I could see his
manhood rising to the occasion. I could do nothing but lay there as he climbed
on to the bed and then on top of me, without any foreplay he entered into me,
thrusting his penis into my waiting love hole, there was no pain as I seemed to
be still wet from the nights activities.

He used me for his own pleasure, I was not going to cum it
seems this time, he had taken me as he wished and had used my body for his own
needs. I felt like a real sex doll after he had finished, I was just here for
him. He quickly rose from the bed and called for Maria on the telephone, he then
left me and walked into the bathroom to take a shower. I was still wanting to
have my climax but again was denied this one wish. Maria entered the bedroom
pushing the same trolley I’d seen her use earlier, she moved me across the bed
and stood me up, then maneuvering my body she placed me down against the trolley
and began fastening the straps to hold me in place, just as she had done with
the schoolgirl doll. I was then wheeled out of the room and down the hallway.
That was it, I had been used by my master and now had been discarded by him and
taken away by his maid.

Maria pushed the trolley with me strapped on it down the
hallway and around a corner, towards the end of the corridor was a doorway that
I had not seen during my brief tour, as she approached the door opened and I was
wheeled into a lift. She took me down to the basement, this was where it seemed
that all the dolls not on display were kept, stored and prepared for the master
upstairs. Pushing me over to a table standing near the corner she began to
unstrap me from the trolley. I was now stiff and sore from being held immobile
for so long, I wasn’t used to being held in such a stringent position for so
long. Again she showed her dexterity by being able to move me from the trolley
and onto the table in one swift motion. Before I knew it I was laying on my back
and she was fastening straps about me to hold me to the table, it seemed that I
wasn’t going to be allowed any free time.

My boots were removed and the the maid surprised me, after fastening my legs into
stirrups and moving my legs apart she placed her mouth on my vagina and began to
play her tongue around my clit and labia. She began cleaning me out with her
mouth, taking the sperm that my master had just recently placed in me into her
mouth. At the same time she was reigniting the flames of desire that had been
simmering all night and had not been quenched by recent activities in that area.
Maria was very good with her tongue and did an excellent job of cleaning me out,
my climax finally came crashing over me in waves, my bound body straining
against the straps that held me in place. She continued until she brought out a
further two orgasms from my helpless body. I lay there exhausted and limp from
what I had just experienced at the hand or should I say tongue of this wonderful
maid.

Maria then became all business, she started to take off the
stockings from my legs, freeing them individually before restraping
them back into the stirrups, holding them in place awaiting my examination. She
sang as she went about her work, I was still just another doll to her, but it
appeared that they were her friends and she either spoke or sang to them as she
got them ready. Not long after she had removed the last piece of clothing from
my body and retightened the straps holding down on the table, when my Master
walked into the room. Maria was surprised and then pleased to see him, it would
appear that he didn’t venture down here often, and that this was Maria’s
domain. He spoke to her then came over to me. He said that I was now going to
become part of his collection of dolls and as such I would be given a number and
be part of the inventory. I was to be number eleven, that would mean he had ten
other dolls and I had only seen four up until now. The number would be placed on
my body along with a barcode, that way he could keep track of where I was. I was
just part of the stock now.

He then left instructions for Maria to ensure that I was
fed and exercised before being put back into stock. The mere thought that I was
now just a number sent shiver throughout my body. Maria continued her cleaning
of my body and removed the wig from my head. I looked just like a plastic
mannequin now. After she finished I was unstrapped and allowed to use the
toilet, at first my walk was unsteady but with her help I was able to make it.
She rigged up an enema to make sure that I was cleaning inside as well as out. A
couple of flushes later I was ready. She lead me to another part of the cellar
and sat me down to eat, this was just a mash that had been cooked up and she
said that while it looked disgusting, it tasted okay. She left me to eat whilst
she cleaned and prepare the clothes she had removed from me. Shortly I was
placed on an exercise bike and made to cycle ten kilometres, she said that this
would be enough to start me on. I hadn’t ridden in ages and was puffed out
after 3 kms.

She prepared my replacement doll whilst I was exercising. I
could see her dressing the doll in blue latex, this was a cop uniform so it
turned out, another fetish male fantasy figure, the female cop complete with
handcuffs hanging off her belt. Maria carefully applied makeup and then fixed a
red haired wig to the doll. Now ready she moved the doll on to the trolley for
delivery upstairs. Then the thought occurred to me, if that doll was to replace
me, just as the gypsy had replaced the schoolgirl, then what was going to happen
to me. Maria then left me tethered to the bike and went upstairs to deliver the
fresh doll.

I continued in my exercise until she returned shortly. Now
she unhooked me from the bike and took me back to the preparation table. The
straps retied and holding me in place. She began wiping me down again and
polished my latex skin until she was satisfied with the result. After turning me
over and completing cleaning me there too she brought out a laser marker and
began placing the bar code and number at the base of my spine, I felt the heat
through the latex doll suit that protected my flesh underneath. I was now
numbered and part of his collection of dolls, a delicious feeling went through
me at the thought that I was just an object, another of his love dollies.

Maria unbuckled the straps and rolled me back but this time
I was placed onto another trolley, this one had a flat surface, into a waiting
bodybag. She pulled the sides up around me and began closing the zipper from my
feet. She left the bag open at my head as she said she wanted me to see where I
was going.

I was then moved through a door in the far side of the
cellar. Inside were drawers, they looked like filing cabinet drawers but I knew
that these were too big just to contain files. It was then that I saw each one
was numbered, and there was a number eleven. She then explained that this was
where all the dolls not on display are stored. She pulled open drawer three and
said that this was the schoolgirl doll I had seen last night, all I could see
was what looked like a body held inside a bag.

She closed the drawer and then
opened the one marked eleven. She moved me over to the open drawer and again
moved me with ease. She had me laying on my back on the base of the drawer but
still allowed me to see through the open zipper. She then placed some straps
around me, saying she didn’t want me wandering off. She then pulled the zipper
closed, wishing me pleasant dreams as she slid the drawer closed, containing me
within, just another doll on the shelf.

28.06.06

story continues in [**Number 11 - Part 3 Maid's Maiden**](number11p3.html)

o0o
