---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Leather or Knot 2: Dan''s First Modeling Session'
authors:
- SwitchMan
tags:
- FM-f
- D-s
- bond
- armbinder
- hood
- gag
- display
- toys
- cons-reluct
- X
---

(story continues from [**Leather or Knot 1: First Impressions**](leatherorknot1.html))

**Chapter 2: Dan’s First Modeling Session**

Friday morning couldn’t arrive quickly enough for Dan.  He had difficulty sleeping through the night with thoughts of Amanda wandering through his head.  He couldn’t quite put his finger on why he kept thinking of her.  It might have been the exotic nature of the shop.  It might have been the slightly over-applied make-up.  It might have been her smiling eyes.  Hell, it could have simply been that he was a guy, but whatever the reason, he tingled at the thought of her.

He arrived at the shop promptly at 10:00 Friday morning to find that Amanda had arrived a few minutes earlier, leaving the door unlocked for him.  The familiar bell sounded to announce his punctuality.

“Good morning,” called out Amanda from the back of the store.

“G’morning,” Dan replied, trying to sound casual.

“Could you lock the door until we open at 11:00?” Amanda asked.

Dan locked the door behind him, and Amanda offered him a cup of freshly brewed coffee from the back office.  They discussed the importance of punctuality when operating a retail business, and they started working.

Amanda unpacked and sorted the merchandise that arrived late in the day on Thursday via UPS ground.  Dan updated the computerized inventory and applied price tags.  Once they were finished, they opened the store for business and placed the merchandise in the correct locations throughout the store.  They took their time, and talked about current events until they finished around noon.  Then, each of them took turns eating lunch in the back office while the other minded the front of the store.

All in all, Dan thought, it was turning out to be a pretty typical retail position; maybe even a bit mundane.

About an hour after he finished his lunch, the first customer of the day came in the shop.  She was a professionally dressed woman in her early thirties.  She had long blonde hair that came from a bottle, based on her naturally dark eyebrows, but not even her poor choice of hair color could distract one from her beautiful facial features.  Perfect eyes, nose and lips juxtaposed with her high cheek bones and dimples made her a magnet for the eyes.

Amanda had the feeling that she had met the woman somewhere before, but she couldn’t quite recall where or when.  Shrugging off her déjà vu, Amanda nudged Dan and whispered “Go ahead, this one’s yours.”

Dan came around the counter and politely said “Hello, I’m Dan.  Can I help you find anything?”

“Yes, I’m looking for a complete set of restraints for my partner,” she said in a business like tone.  “I am particularly interested in an effective gag.”

“Okay,” said Dan, pausing to get his bearings.  “Let’s step over here and I can show you some of our beginner sets.”

“No, thank you,” the woman said, quickly cutting Dan off.  “We’ve run through the beginner gear.  I am interested in something more extreme.”

“Okay, then,” Dan replied, changing directions.  “We need to be looking toward the back of the store.”

Dan lead her to the rear of the shop, and helped her pick out a 4 inch posture collar, a single sleeve, and two spreader bars for use on thighs and ankles.  To complete the ensemble, the woman selected an inflatable gag and a locking leather hood with eye pads.

Once they had gathered all of the gear, Dan began to lead the woman to the checkout counter, but she caught his arm and said “The person who recommended this shop suggested that I have a sales associate demonstrate the effectiveness of the gear.  Do you folks do that sort of thing?”

Dan looked over at Amanda and saw her grinning from ear to ear.  He turned back to the customer and shakily said “Well, sure we can demonstrate it.”  He called out to Amanda.  “Amanda, could you lock the front door, flip the sign and come back here to help me demonstrate this gear?”

Amanda was already two steps ahead of him.  She was approaching Dan and the customer having already taken care of securing the shop.

“Hi.  I’m Amanda, the senior sales associate here at Leather or Knot.” Amanda offered.  “The friend who referred you here was correct.  We’ll gladly demonstrate anything on our show room floor.  Would you like Dan to model the gear clothed or unclothed?”

The woman raised her eyebrows.

“Actually, my lover will probably be wearing underwear to start.  So, why don’t we try it that way?” she said thoughtfully.

Dan swallowed hard, and slowly began to unbutton his shirt.  The woman gently reached over to stop his hands from their work as she continued to look at Amanda.

“But actually, I would prefer that you model the gear, my dear.” the woman said with a slight curl at the corners of her lips.  “You are just about her size.”

There was a nearly imperceptible moment of surprised silence, and Amanda said “Of course.”

Dan couldn’t believe his luck.  Not only had he avoided being bound on his first day, but he got to do it to Amanda.  He squirmed a bit from the bulge in his pants, and re-buttoned his shirt.

Amanda stripped off her leather clothing to reveal her beautifully trim body in a lacey thong and push-up bra.  She was spectacular.

The woman held Amanda’s chin and gazed into her eyes.  “From this point forward, I am Mistress Juliette.  Do you understand?”

Amanda lowered her gaze and nodded.  “Yes, Mistress Juliette.”

The woman picked up the collar and began to move toward Amanda.  With a concerned look from Amanda, Dan remembered that he was not supposed to let the customer apply the restraints.

“Mistress Juliette, it’s the store policy that only another sales associate may apply the restraints.  Please, allow me to assist.”  Dan held out his hand politely, and Juliette complied.

Dan tenderly applied the posture collar to Amanda’s beautifully pale neck.  As he reached around behind her head to buckle it, he tried to catch her eyes, but she kept her eyes focused at his feet.

He reached over to a nearby shelf; removed a set of small padlocks, and fastened one to the buckle of the posture collar.  The click seemed particularly satisfying, and his bulge grew a little bit harder.

Mistress Juliette then handed him the single sleeve, and as he was helping slide it up Amanda’s arms, he realized that it might be a size too small for Amanda.

“Mistress, maybe a bigger size is in order…” Dan began, but Juliette quickly cut him off.

“She has a virtually identical build as my Susan’s, and this is the size that I want.” she said authoritatively.

Dan continued to work the sleeve up Amanda’s arms.  She periodically suppressed a grunt, but she never used her safe word.  Dan took that as a sign that he should continue.  Eventually, he had the armbinder in place, and he crossed a pair of straps from the sides along the top of the armbinder to mating roller buckles under each arm.  Dan pulled them snug and knew that Amanda was now utterly helpless.  He wondered how she felt as he applied the spreader bars above her knees and between her ankles.

He was careful to keep a close eye on her as he received the hood and gag from Juliette.  Amanda was silent as he applied the hood, which took away her vision and a good amount of hearing.  After lacing and locking the hood around her head, he unzipped the mouthpiece.  As soon as he raised the inflatable gag to Amanda’s lips, she accepted it.  Several pumps later, the demonstration was complete.

Amanda stood there at the mercy of Dan and Juliette; unable to hear; unable to see; unable to talk; unable to move.  She was cut off from the outside world.  The only thing that she could interact with was the armbinder and the spreader bars.  She stood there carefully balanced on her stiletto heels, testing the unyielding grip of the single sleeve.

Juliette began to slowly and silently circle Amanda’s bound form.  Dan remained silent as he imagined that Juliette was playing out a scene in her head to determine whether the gear suited her purposes.  His mind slowly began to wander, and he imagined himself in Juliette’s position, but in a private setting - away from any on-lookers or sales clerks.  What would he do with Amanda in such a state?  He could feel a wetness explode in his pants, and he dared not look down and draw attention to it.

Finally, after circling Amanda twice, Juliette said “This is missing one thing… a vibrator.”

Dan nodded, and said “Certainly, we can pick one out at the checkout counter.”

“No need.” Juliette said flatly.  “I already have the one I want.”  And she lifted her hand to reveal a vibrator and a bottle of lubricant.  The vibrator was a small unit that was designed to be held against a woman’s clitoris by a pair of tight panties, and was designed to enter a woman only about ½ inch.

Dan didn’t recall seeing her pick up the lube and vibrator, but he knew he was in a spot.  He had never discussed this type of thing with Amanda.  He didn’t know what the store policy was about demonstrating insertables, or whether Amanda would consent.

“Mistress Juliette,” Dan began.  “Given the obvious personal hygiene issues, why don’t we just ring those items up without a demonstration?”

“No.  Actually, this is exactly the demonstration that I need.” Juliette responded.

“You see, my partner has never allowed me to use a vibrator on her.  Much like young Amanda, here, she will have no idea that it is coming, and will not have a chance to consent – aside from the general consent that she made when she allowed herself to be bound and used.”

“But I don’t think…” Dan started.

“I’m afraid that if you think too much, you will lose the sale.” Juliette interrupted.  “Either I get a complete demonstration, or I leave here with nothing.”

Juliette stared unblinkingly at Dan as he tried to consider all of the options.  He didn’t know if Amanda would consent, and he knew that she was his responsibility.  Even if she would have consented, he was pretty sure that she wouldn’t want him rummaging around down there.

“I understand, Mistress.”  Dan responded.  “Go ahead and apply the vibrator as you see fit, but I reserve the right to remove it at my discretion.”

“Of course.” she said with a smile as she activated the vibrator.

Amanda began silently and slowly shaking her head.

Juliette generously lubricated the business end of the vibrator, and she stretched the waistband of Amanda’s panties to allow access to her most private region.  Amanda’s head shaking became more pronounced, and she began grunting into the inflated gag.

Juliette reached up and gave the gag two sharp pumps which considerably dampened Amanda’s protestations.  She then swiftly inserted the vibrator, allowing the panties to snap back in place.

Amanda bucked and flailed violently, straining against the unyielding armbinder.  She quickly lost her balance, and Dan caught her from behind, but she didn’t stop twisting and grunting from behind her gag.  She was gulping air in through her nose when Juliette reached down and turned off the vibrator.

Amanda went limp, and let out a long and shaky high pitched sigh.

“Take it easy, dear,” Juliette said as she patted Amanda’s hooded cheek.  “You totally sold me.”

Dan continued to hold Amanda while Juliette removed the spreader bars.  They maneuvered Amanda to a nearby chair, and lowered her onto it.  Dan then removed the hood, and Amanda tried to adjust to the sudden flood of light into her eyes.

By the time the posture collar and gag were removed, Amanda was staring daggers at Dan, but said nothing.  Dan and Juliette both helped Amanda out of the single-glove, and she slowly flexed her arms to relieve the stiffness and lack of circulation.

As Dan gathered up the various pieces of gear, Juliette put her arm around Amanda and said “Don’t be too hard on him, honey.  He didn’t really have a choice in the matter.  Why don’t you go in the back and take care of yourself.”  With that, Juliette handed Amanda her nicely folded clothes, and nodded toward Amanda’s crotch which still held the now silent intruder.

Amanda silently accepted her clothes and disappeared through the door at the back of the store.

As Dan was ringing up the merchandise, Juliette commented “Add on a second bottle of personal lubricant and a second vibrator like the one in the demonstration.”

“No problem.” Dan said, wondering why she needed two.

“Tell Amanda that she can keep the vibrator that she used as a gift from me.  She seemed to enjoy it.  Also, add in a $200 tip for her assistance.”

“Thank you.” Dan said.  “That might make her forget the role that I played in all of this.”

“Yes, I hope so.” Juliette said with a smile.  “Oh, and tell her that I will be back next month to buy some gear that I’ll need you to demonstrate.”

“Okay.  I will.” Dan said with a bit of hesitation.  “Thank you… I think.”

As Dan unlocked the front door and opened it for Juliette, he felt a bit more confident than he did prior to the demonstration.  He thought to himself that his first modeling session had gone as well as he could have expected.

But he his confidence turned to embarrassment when he noticed Juliette checking out the stain in the front of his jeans.

“Maybe when your co-worker is finished, you should clean yourself up, as well.”

21.10.09

story continues in [**Leather or Knot 3: Things Get Personal**](leatherorknot3.html)

o0o
