---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Automated Mummification
authors:
- FetishLatexLover
tags:
- Sbm
- Machine/m
- wrap
- palletwrap
- cocoon
- stuck
- caught
- 'true'
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2001-05-18 00:00:00
---

WARNING

Do **NOT** try this at home, the story is presented here as a **fantasy only**,
to attempt this in real life may result in injury or death.

I was a happily married successful businessman. I had a beautiful
wife and was running a chain of successful convenience stores. I
had all the material possessions in the world a person could want.
But somehow I felt there was something missing from my life. I was
not able to fulfill my sexual desires with my wife. I knew what my
fetishes were, but knew my wife would not find pleasure in bondage and
mummification. So I started to experiment with some self-mummification.

In the basement of my house was a row of structural support posts.
These posts were very wide and I found I could use them to help wrap myself.
I would wrap saran wrap around the posts, starting from the bottom to the
top. I would then attach the saran wrap to myself and begin to walk around
the post. As I did so, the saran wrap would mummify me from my neck
to about my knees. Here inlays the problem; I could not wrap my head
or my feet (I needed my feet to continue to walk around the post).
So while I could achieve a fairly nice mummiform, I was nevertheless still
not completely mummified. I was constantly thinking of how I could
achieve complete mummification, but nothing seemed to come to mind.

It was during a Christmas outing that my answer presented itself.
My wife's family had a tradition of cutting down their Christmas tree (in
my family we just bought one at the local greenhouse). There was
a Christmas tree farm not far outside of town they went to every year.
It sounded like fun so I joined my wife and her family on their tree hunt.

We found a beautiful seven-foot tree and cut it down. We then
placed it in the bed of her brother's truck to take up to the barn and
pay for our tree. At the barn they would prepare the tree for you to take
home. First they placed it on a plate which would vibrate loose any
old needles. Then they would place the tree on this bailing device
which would twine the tree closed. The tree was laid in its side
with a cable attached to the base of the tree. The tree was then
slowly pulled through a cylinder while a mechanical arm circumvented the
tree, compressing it down and wrapping it with twine. And there in
that wonderful machine were the answers to my prayers.

The machine was easily large enough that it could also do the same to
a human being. All that had to be done was to replace the twine with
a good strong plastic pallet wrap. First I had to find one of these
machines. The next day I called the tree farm and found out who the
manufacturer of the machine was. I called them and was able to secure
delivery of my new automized mummifier.

When the machine arrived I quickly set it up. I had already bought
some pallet wrap and an oxygen mask for breathing. I had to make
some minor adjustments to the machine in order to handle the pallet wrap
instead of the usual twine. I was ready to go!!!

I laid myself down on the platform and looped the cable under my armpits
(I needed to go in headfirst so that my arms would be free to punch a breathing
hole through my mummiform). Thankfully the "on" switch was within
reaching distance. I placed the mask over my face and hit the button.
The machine fired to life as I laid back to await my complete and total
mummification. Slowly the cable started to pull me into the machine.
The cable pulled much slower than the rotation of the mechanical arm, allowing
a very tight and complete mummification. I was in absolute ecstasy!!
I was finally realizing my fantasy of being completely and helpless encased
into a cocoon.

But wait, I had forgotten one small detail. I was going to place
a small pocketknife in my hand during my wrapping. This would allow
me to later cut myself free. I hurriedly reached for the "off" button
but it was too late. The button was just beyond my grasp. There
was nothing more I could do but lay back and enjoy becoming a mummy.
After the wrap had encased my head, I made sure to punch a breathing hole
through my plastic prison.

The experience was, to say the very least, incredible!! As I was
slowly pulled into the machine, the mechanical arm continued it's relentless
wrapping of my body. The wrap was so tight it felt as though it was
becoming a sort of "second skin". I placed my arms tightly against
my body as the wrapping continued. I was slowly but surely becoming
a mummy, but how was I going to get out? No time to think about that
now, I was going completely and utterly orgasmic! The arm was now
done wrapping my upper torso and was continuing on down my pelvic area.
I was so erect it's amazing there was enough wrap to cover my penis.
The wrapping then continued down my legs and toward my feet. Soon
I was completely mummified from head to toe in my new cocoon.

I was completely orgasmic and in total ecstasy! My fantasy had
finally been fulfilled; to be mummified from head to toe. As I lay
there, the heat continued to grow. There was nowhere for my body
heat to escape; I was totally wrapped with no possibility to escape.
I had started this adventure early in the morning. I had all day
to enjoy my new "home" and also to try to figure out how to escape before
my wife got home from work. As hard as I thought, I could not figure
out a way to escape from my prison. The wrap was incredibly tight
and heavy. All I could do is enjoy my newfound lifestyle.

During the next eight hours I most have orgasimed at least a dozen times.
Just the thought of being encased in this plastic mummiform would send
me over the brink. I had made myself a slave encased into an inescapable
cocoon. I could fight and struggle as much as possible, but there
was no escape in sight.

I had orgasimed so many times that at sometime I most have passed out.
I awoke to the sound of the front door opening. It was my wife arriving
home from work. Seeing my car in the garage, she knew I was home.
She called out my name, but of course I could not call out from within
my mummiform. She continued to call out my name and look around the house
for me. I then heard her footsteps coming down the stairs to the
basement where I lay. Needless to say, unfortunately she was not "into"
this pleasure. Although she was kind enough to cut me free.
Because she did not find pleasure in bondage and mummification, this was
probably a factor in our subsequent divorce. I suppose losing my
wife could be considered a small price to pay in the discovery of my new
lifestyle. I now mummify myself on a regular basis. It's a
great way to unwind and relax at the end of a long and stressfull day.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

P.S. I am in the process of either buying or building a vac rac
(vacumn bed). After I get it set up and encapsulate myself into the
latex prison, I'll try to write another story and maybe send you some pictures.
Unfortunately, the machine and I had to "temporarily" part ways.
During my divorce we sold the house and I moved to a rather small apartment
(not enough room for the machine). I sold it to another tree farm;
we had to split the "community assets" for the divorce:) But I can
always and quickly repeat the acquisition of another machine; when I get
a bigger place to live. For now, self-mummification and my vacumn
bed will have to do.
