---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: An Ensign's Fantasies 14
authors:
- Cindy
tags:
- M+/f
- D/s
- hotel
- client
- bond
- rope
- tease
- oral
- sex
- anal
- climax
- vr
- fantasy
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**An Ensign's Fantasies 13**](ensigns_fantasies13.html))_

_**Part 14**_

_The following narrative is that of a retired Starfleet commander. Though many of the narrated details did actually occur all names are fictitious and locales and dates are changed to prevent individual identification._

_In reviewing previous narratives I note that I may have engendered some confusion. At times I have referred to the main subject, Janet, in the third person while I often times use the first person describing her activities as my own. Using the VR helmet results in such a full immersion in the recorded experiences that the user feels every bit of information passing through the mind of the recorded subject. All the perceived sensory information is recorded and faithfully presented to the VR user such that it becomes one’s own memory. In as much as some of the experiences would lose some of their flair if they were all forced to be related as another’s memory, I will not endeavor to correct the narrations and will continue to relate them as convenient. My apologies to those readers who feel it should be otherwise._

_Our mission had been underway for the best part of 90 days. The time had come for personnel appraisals. All went much as expected until it came time for Ensign Brightlove. I already knew that she was well liked and appreciated by the rest of the department. In effect she was the team leader for the whole department though older hands had the designation. Since everyone accepted her as such, I had no intention of changing anything. All I needed for her appraisal was to agree with my evaluation of “consistently exceeded expectations”. Over and above that I wanted to engage her in conversation concerning her plans and desires for her future career._

_She had lofty ambitions. If she remained with Starfleet she planned to be a fleet admiral if not Commander of Starfleet. She did relate that she had doctorates in computer science, psychology, and engineering by the time she was 15 years old. She had tried for a waiver to enter Starfleet Academy but hadn’t been accepted until she was 17. She had been employed for two years in psychological rehabilitation. She had been a pioneer in developing VR recording and using it as feedback to effectively rewire peoples brains to override the memories that caused them problems. Then she had ended up teaching as much as studying. Her time at Starfleet Academy had been spent along the same lines. She outpaced her teachers and ended up tutoring entire classes._

_Curious about her civilian work I asked about it. In discussing it she just happened to mention the chronicles concerning Janet that I was familiar with. Recognizing my discomfort she explained that all her files generated usage logs. Though I thought my use of them was covert she had full knowledge of all my activity. She explained that Janet had made use of most of the same activity I had encountered. The VR records I had used had received further modification and were successfully used in helping “Janet” (not her real name) out of a severe depression. Diana suggested if I wished to know what became of Janet she could give me a list of records that showed the resolution of Janet’s problems. I agreed that I would like the list; any other response would show my interest was only voyeuristic. The next chronicles started about two years past where I had been._

_-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------_

_My communicator chirped. I requested, "ID" and the communicator voiced, "Jerry". Jerry was my pimp, I wouldn't have anything to do with him except that the collar he had locked on me let him cause me a great deal of pain when I didn't follow his instructions. I picked up the communicator responding, "Yes."_

_Without any preamble, "I got a client for you. He wants you for the weekend. I'll pick you up in a half hour."_

_"I can't possibly get ready for a weekend in half an hour."_

_"How long will it take you?'_

_"Maybe an hour."_

_"I'll be there in an hour." The line clicked off. I used an enema and douched then put the kit in a small bag from an upscale boutique along with a compact makeup kit and my toilet articles. I put some underwear, stockings, a spare skirt, and a couple of tops in another bag, this from an expensive dress shop. I covered_

_everything with a layer of tissue paper and set my purse atop that. With the two bags I could stroll through a hotel lobby looking like I had just returned from shopping. I was known to much of the local hotel staffs, but I didn't want to draw attention by carrying in luggage._

_I showered, dried my hair with a blower, dried my body and dressed in white underwear with dark stockings. I sat at my vanity and made up my face. I put on a top sheer enough to see my nipples through the lacy bra and a skirt that modestly hit just above my knees. I stepped into a coordinating pair of pumps that had heels high enough to help the line of my legs and give my ass a little more wiggle. I put on my jacket, picked up my bags and went down to wait for Jerry._

_During the drive to the hotel I was told the client was Joe Sweeney in room 1232._

_He drove within a few doors of the hotel. Before letting me out he said, “This one’s got money. Be sure to treat him good."_

_I gave him a disgusted look and walked off. I knew the hotel doorman, Dan, who offered, "Ma'am, may I take your bags and have them sent up to your room?"_

_"Yes, thank you. It's 1232." I took my purse from the large bag, got out a ten credit note and passed it to him. It didn't hurt to keep doormen and bellboys happy._

_I was pleased to see a few heads turn as I walked through the lobby to the elevators. Let out on the 12th floor I easily found 1232. My knock was quickly answered by a man in shirtsleeves. I asked, "Are you Joe? Were you expecting me? I'm Janet."_

_"Yes. Yes, come in." I entered, he closed the door behind me. With a gesture of his hand toward an easy chair, "Have a seat. Make yourself comfortable."_

_As I sat down he asked, "Would you like a drink?"_

_"A white wine, please, if you have it."_

_He brought my wine along with an envelope. It was bulky enough to be enough credits for a weekend. I stuffed it in my purse. There was a knock at the door and I told him, "That's likely my things the doorman sent up."_

_"I'll get them." I let him answer the door, hoping he tipped the bellboy well. He brought my bags in and set them beside my chair. He returned to fixing a drink for himself and took a seat on the couch._

_He asked, "Are you comfortable? Would you like to take off your jacket?"_

_"Yes." I stood and shrugged it off. He took it away and hung it in a closet by the door. Seated again I knew he had a good look at my nipples. I could feel them getting hard._

_"Janet, is it? That's a pretty outfit. Would you mind taking it off?"_

_"Not at all." I took a sip of wine and set the glass down. I slowly unbuttoned my blouse managing to get it opened wide to fully show my bra. I stood, unzipped my skirt and bent over to slide it down my legs. I hoped I was giving him a good look at my tits. I stepped out of the skirt, put it over the arm of the chair, unbuttoned the last button of my blouse, shrugged it off and put it on top of the skirt._

_He asked, "Are there any limits I should know about?"_

_"You can't leave any marks on me, or cuts, nothing hot and no foreign substances in me."_

_"Why don't you come over here?"_

_I walked over to stand in front of him. He turned me to face away from him. He pulled my wrists behind me and I felt my wrists being bound with a rope. Then I saw a blindfold brought up to my face and I was put in the dark with absolutely no light as he buckled it behind my head._

_He asked, "Foreign substances doesn't include gags or vibrators, does it?"_

_"No sir."_

_"It's Joe. But we needn't worry about that for a while." I felt something at my mouth and opened wide. It was a penis gag that filled my mouth completely. I knew I was in for a kinky night and I was feeling horny enough to welcome it. His hands went to my tits, cupping his hands over them, then rolling my nipples in his fingers. His hands moved down my body caressing lightly. When he got to my belly I got that tingly feeling. One hand went inside my panties and as he ran his_

_fingers over my pussy he was pressing my clit. I could feel his erection against my ass and thought how good it would feel in my pussy. He put both hands on my ass caressing it, then kneading. He put both hands in the waistband of my panties and pulled them down. When he reached my ankles I raised my feet one after the other for him to get them off. I had enjoyed his caresses and felt disappointment that he was going to do me so soon. He moved away, I assumed to disrobe. There_

_was nothing I could do but stand there waiting for his lead._

_I jumped as a slap on my ass startled me. I almost lost my balance but he grabbed my arm to hold me up. The spanking continued and I could feel heat building up. It smarted but was not really painful. When he stopped I felt my ass had to be glowing. He took my arm to guide me to another part of the room. Taking me by the hips he pulled me forward until I was straddling his legs. He was sitting in the desk chair. I could feel his legs were bare against my stockings. He maneuvered me to squat until I felt his cock at my pussy. I let myself down on it slowly until I couldn't get my legs down any further. His hands went to my legs just by my knees, he lifted my legs and the last couple of inches penetrated me in one smooth motion. It took my breath away and I slumped against his chest. He reached behind me, undid my bra, pushed me up a little, pushed up my bra and began sucking on my nipples. It felt lovely to be sitting there feeling his cock jammed in my pussy while my nips got played with. My ass still smarted but I didn't want to move at all. He tried humping under me but couldn't really move at_

_all. With my legs up by his side I couldn't do anything to help. He wrapped his arms around me and stood up. The sensation of almost hanging impaled on his cock was delightful. He couldn't keep me up and let me slide off to stand on my own. He walked me around to the couch and arranged me over the arm of the couch with my head down on the seat of the sofa, my feet off the floor and my ass up in the air. Without my panties I felt very vulnerable knowing how exposed I was. I felt his cock push against my rectum and he slowly penetrated my ass until I was stuffed full. He started out pumping slowly but gradually built up the tempo. I felt the stirring of an orgasm, but before I could reach it he slammed hard into me and I felt him cum in my ass. His cock grew soft and slipped out and he went away with a pat on my ass. I heard the shower start in the refresher. With my arms bound and my feet up off the floor, I couldn't do anything but lay there with my bare ass up in the air and wait for him to come back._

_Shortly after I heard the shower stop, he was back and untied my arms. I removed the gag and blindfold. I rearranged my bra over my tits. It wasn't going to conceal anything but I felt better with it in place. He was wearing one of the hotel robes while I was standing there in my bra and stockings._

_He said, "I'm ready for something to eat. I'll call room service and have something sent up. What would you like?"_

_"Just something light. Could I get a salad?"_

_"Sure. Do you want to use the bathroom while we're waiting? The hotel has all the shower supplies you might need."_

_"Yes, I'd like to freshen up."_

_I picked up my bags and went off to the bathroom. I stripped off the rest of my clothes and enjoyed a hot shower, dried off and repaired my makeup. I put on a hotel robe and joined Joe in the sitting room. My salad was more than I wanted but I toyed with it while Joe finished off a sandwich and fries. He asked a few questions about me and I answered without much evasion or elaboration. In turn I asked him about his background. I found out his wife had been killed in a highway accident about three years earlier. He hadn't had much social life since his wife died. He had had some female companionship since, but never with anyone he felt he could share his desire for kinky sex. His company sent him to deliver a paper for a conference being held this weekend in the hotel. He was determined to take advantage of the weekend here to see if he could recover some of what he had been missing._

_I offered, "I'm willing to try anything you want."_

_He asked me to stand and shortly had me naked with my wrists bound behind me and gagged and blindfolded. He fashioned a rope bra around my tits, making them swell. A rope started around my waist became a crotch rope through my pussy and up the crack of my ass. He helped me down to lay on the floor. My ankles were bound together. He fastened a rope in my hair, passed it around the ankle ties pulling my feet up to my ass, then around the wrist ties and tied off to the crotch rope. I was in a severe hog tie and any movement of my head, arms or legs resulted in the crotch rope digging into my pussy. I was bound so that my body was in a bow resting on my stomach against the floor. Fortunately my_

_Regular gym time had given my body enough flexibility that I could withstand the extreme position. He asked if I was OK and I could barely nod._

_Then his hands started. He easily reached under me to finger my clit and nipples. His hands moved all over me. When he caressed my ass, then ran his fingers down the crack of my ass and forced his hand between my thighs to finger my clit, I thought I was going to cum. But he never stopped changing where he touched me. It seemed he could tell when his touch was almost enough and would change to tease me in another spot._

_If I wasn't gagged I would have screamed at him to stop moving but all I could do was moan. He unbuckled my gag, but before I could beg him to fuck me, I felt his_

_cock at my mouth. I licked at it and continued licking as he pushed into my mouth. He pulled on the rope between my hair and ankles to rock me so that my mouth bobbed up and down on his cock as I sucked and licked it. The motion was also pushing the crotch rope into my pussy and I could feel an orgasm building. It hit just as he filled my mouth with his cum._

_When his cock slipped out of my mouth, I wasn't given a chance to say anything as he replaced my gag. There was a pat on my ass and then he was gone. I was left there on the floor, frustrated with the crotch rope still working in my pussy with every little movement I tried to make. It only served to keep me aroused without being enough to satisfy._

_It seemed I laid there forever before he came back and released all the ties except for my wrists. He picked me up and carried me to the bed. There he massaged my arms and legs to relieve the aches left from the hogtie. When I felt his hand at my tit I knew my nipples were erect and ached for his attention. He fondled my tit for a while and then moved to fondle the other one. I felt his tongue at my nipple and he sucked it in and continued licking. I wanted him to keep doing that forever._

_When I felt his mouth move lower to my belly, I thought my tummy was going to turn inside out. I could have screamed when he pushed my legs apart and I felt him at my clit. He used his tongue to flick back and forth over it. He shifted round and used his fingers to spread my pussy lips and then his tongue was in me caressing the inside of the lips and pushing in. After a moment or so of that, I felt him move away but then felt him positioning himself between my legs. I spread my legs as wide as I could and felt his cock at my pussy. He penetrated very slowly until he filled me. Just as slowly he withdrew fully. He repeated that several times while I could only make unintelligible sounds trying to beg him to screw me hard. I tried ineffectually to lift against him to keep his cock in my pussy. Finally he stayed in and thrust slowly. I was sure the orgasm building was going to be a great one. As he built up the tempo it felt like he was hitting the magic spot where it was so intense it was almost painful._

_When his pumping became short swift jabs I knew we were both going to cum. Then it hit like an explosion. As I felt his cum spurt inside me it was like the heat in my pussy spread down my legs and up my torso. My whole body tingled and I screamed against the gag. Then everything stopped._

_I came out of my daze to feel Joe unbuckling my gag and asking, "Are you OK?"_

_All I could do was try to nod my head for yes._

_"That was a scare. You must have fainted. Let me get you untied."_

_"No. Don't. This feels good. Just leave me like this."_

_"Let me move you to the other bed. You must have had a squirting orgasm. The bed is soaked." He picked me up and laid me on the other bed. He went away but came back in a moment with washcloths and sponged off my thighs, rolled me on my side and sponged my ass. As he toweled me dry I thought I should feel embarrassed but I felt so good in the afterglow I couldn't have cared less._

_He asked, "Do you want a drink? You probably lost a lot of fluid."_

_He brought a glass of wine. He helped me sit up with his arm around my shoulders and held the glass to my mouth. Sitting there naked I didn't see any sense in trying to sip like a lady and drank it quickly._

_"Need some more?"_

_"Please."_

_I managed the second glass a little more slowly._

_"Had enough?"_

_"Yes, thank you."_

_"Are you sure you want to stay tied up? I expect you're worn out."_

_"Yes. I'd like to just stay like this and enjoy the afterglow. Do you think you could do it again?"_

_"Maybe after a good nights sleep I'll recover enough to screw your brains out in the morning."_

_He maneuvered me under the covers. As he got into bed with me I snuggled against him and he pulled me to spoon against him with his arm over me and a hand cupping my tit. I dozed off still in a state of bliss._

_Sometime during the night I woke disoriented. It took me a moment to realize I was still bound and blindfolded. I could hear Joe's regular breathing next to me. Somehow I felt comfortable and secure like that. I felt horny again with the memory of my orgasm before we'd gone to sleep. I worked my way down to get my mouth to his penis. He was soft but I managed to suck it into my mouth where it grew erect as I licked it. Once he seemed fully erect I raised my head and started bobbing up and down. I felt his hand on my head and redoubled my efforts. Shortly I was swallowing his cum again. I kept up sucking but it soon grew soft and slipped away. He took me by the shoulders and pulled me up to rest my head on his shoulder._

_"You know you probably lost any chance of getting screwed silly in the morning. I'm not a teenager anymore that can recover in 20 minutes."_

_"That's OK. I liked it. Maybe in the morning I can work something out."_

_In the morning I woke to the smell of coffee. I tried to sit up before I realized I was still bound and blindfolded. I heard Joe, "Here. Let me get you up." He arranged pillows at the head of the bed and helped me sit up against them._

_"I fixed coffee. Would you like a cup?"_

_"Yes, please. Can I have it light with just a little sweetener?"_

_He brought a cup and held it for me to drink. I had to wonder how much longer he was going to keep me tied up. When I finished the coffee I felt his hand move between my thighs. The feel of his hand brushing my pussy was nice but I had another concern._

_"Joe, I really need to go to the refresher."_

_He swung my legs off the bed, helped me to my feet and walked me to the refresher where he got me seated. I sat there too embarrassed to be able to pee until he ran water in the bathtub. When I finished he pushed my legs apart and wiped me which was even more embarrassing. He got me to my feet again, had me step into the bathtub and kneel down. As the water rose about my legs I had to wonder if he was going to give me a bath. I gave up that illusion when he had me spread my legs and worked his body under me. I raised my hips and he positioned himself at my slit. I let myself down slowly taking it all in and he_

_started fondling my tits. I moved up and down slowly and soon reached an orgasm, nowhere near as earth shattering as the night before but still very pleasant. I thanked my lucky stars my gym trainer had pushed me into leg exercises as I continued pumping until I felt him cumming. I let myself down to_

_rest on his chest before I realized the bathtub was so full my face went in the water. He put his arms up to hold my head up and we both rested for a few minutes._

_He reached behind me and unbuckled and removed my blindfold. He got out from under me, had me turn about and untied my wrists. I stood up as he got out of the tub. He said, "I'm going to order breakfast from room service. If you'd like to soak a while until they come up, there's bubble bath here."_

_"Yes, I'd like that." I let myself back down in the water. He handed me the bubble bath and I dumped it in. He toweled himself dry and went out while I relaxed in the warm water. In a few minutes he was back with another cup of coffee for me._

_"Room service said they'd be about 15 minutes. Are you comfortable?"_

_"Comfortable doesn't describe it. I've just had a nice screw and now I'm sitting here soaking in my bubble bath and drinking my coffee. That's getting close to paradise. I thought you didn't think you could manage anything this morning."_

_"You just looked too tempting for me to pass it up."_

_"Lucky me. What was so tempting? Me being tied up helpless or naked or both?"_

_"Both I guess. I was a little surprised you wanted to stay tied up last night."_

_"I guess that's my kink. When I feel safe I get aroused by it. But this morning was a new experience. I've never been helpless and screwed in a bath before."_

_"That was a bit impromptu. It just came to me when I turned the water on. I assume you enjoyed it."_

_"Oh yes, very much."_

_"Good. I'll leave you to your bath and go wait for our breakfast."_

_When I heard room service knock, I got out of the tub, dried off, put on a robe and joined Joe in the sitting room. He had ordered an ample breakfast with extra coffee and some pastries. I couldn't finish all I had but enjoyed it. After more coffee, Joe excused himself to get dressed for his meeting. When he came back out he told me he thought he would be back by lunchtime, but I was to order room service for anything I wanted. I walked with him to the door intending to put out the tag for maid service. He opened the door, turned back to me and pulled the belt of my robe loose allowing him to push the robe open. He put his hands on my hips, pulled my body against his, leaned down and kissed me. It was not just a peck; his tongue pushed into my mouth. It startled me but I joined in the tongue dance which lasted long enough to leave me breathless. I stood there dumfounded as he walked off to the elevator. It took me a moment to remember I was fully exposed and I quickly slammed the door shut._

_I rearranged my robe, put out the maid tag, then sat on the couch and poured myself another coffee. I wondered if we might have sex again like last night. With the memory of last night, I laid back on the couch and my hands went down between my legs. I inserted two fingers in my pussy and gently started pumping. The fingers of my other hand went to my clit and I soon masturbated to an orgasm. I lounged for a while but finally roused and cleaned up the breakfast remains. I returned to the bathroom and had a shampoo. I wasn't sure about dressing but finally just put on a fresh bra and panties with the robe. At loose_

_ends I lounged about the sitting room waiting for Joe to return._

_Joe returned well before lunchtime. He had thoughtfully stopped by the hotel desk and picked up another keycard for me suggesting it would allow me to come and go without depending on him. He related that his presentation had gone as well as expected._

_He told me that there was a dinner and dance scheduled for the evening and he had requested places for the two of us. I asked about dress. He had asked one of the women from his office and she told him it was formal. He could get away with a business suit but women would be in evening gowns._

_"I don't have an evening gown."_

_"I figured that. I stopped at a shop in the lobby and the woman there said she would come up to measure you and see if she can get you fixed up."_

_A knock at the door announced the arrival of the woman from the shop. Joe let her in and she introduced herself, "I am Dolores. I take your measure and see if we have gown for you."_

_We went to the bedroom where I removed my robe and Dolores measured_

_everything. She kept up a line of chatter. Holding her hands cupped in front of her bosom, she said, "Men! I ask Mr. Sweeney your size. He knows nothing. Men know only three sizes. Too small. Just right for mouthful and OH MY." I had to laugh and agree with her. She soon had all my measurements and advised she would check on stock in the shop and call back to the room. Shortly Dolores called to let me know she didn't have anything in her shop but had a couple of gowns being sent from another shop and expected them to be delivered in about half an_

_hour. At Joe's suggestion I dressed and we went down to the shop. The gowns had just come in so I went to the fitting room and tried the first one, a gold lame sheath. I tried it on and modeled it for Joe. He seemed more enthused with the second one, a pale blue strapless gown, snug down to the waist but with a wide skirt. The back was very low but the top was boned to keep it up. It showed off my tits very well, barely keeping my nipples covered. The gown fitted well enough_

_except for the length. Dolores said she could have it hemmed in an hour or so. Fortunately she had also brought in matching dress sandals and a small clutch purse which Joe readily accepted on his bill._

_Joe suggested we could go to lunch at a nearby restaurant. We were seated in a booth without many people around us. After the waiter had taken our orders, Joe started the conversation about sex. "I'm a little surprised that you seem to enjoy sex so much."_

_"Do you mean you expect a prostitute to just do it as a chore?"_

_"No, I suppose it's often a chore for you but you appear to have a hearty appetite for it and I don't get any feeling that you're just acting a part."_

_"No there's been no pretense. You've managed to press all my buttons just right. I enjoyed everything you've done."_

_Joe seemed a little surprised at my answer and I commented, "You shouldn't be surprised that a woman can be pleased when she's treated well. Most women will enjoy sex in any form whenever it's pleasurable."_

_"Oh, I wasn't surprised that you were pleased. It's just that my wife used to say that, that I pressed all the right buttons for her."_

_"Then you haven't lost your touch. I'm not trying to boost your ego but I don't know how you could have satisfied me more. I really want to please you and being pleased myself is a nice bonus."_

_We had a leisurely lunch and then went by the shop for my evening gown. It was ready for me to try on. It was a good fit and we decided I would wear it for a bit to make sure there would be no surprises. Dolores was happy to put my shoes and clothes in a bag that Joe offered to carry._

_Back in the room, I stripped out of the gown and shoes leaving nothing on but my panties. Joe suggested we could take a nap so I pulled back the covers to lie down wondering how much of a nap we would get. As I watched Joe undress I could see he had an erection which suggested there would be no nap. I wasn’t about to do anything but cooperate with a paying client. Lying beside me he started fondling my boob and playing with a nipple. He started to work on my other boob and bent over me to suck on my nipple. I was used to clients doing foreplay on my body to get themselves worked up. I just relaxed to enjoy having my boobs played with._

_I assumed he was ready when he got up on his knees and pulled my panties down and off. But what I felt at my pussy was his mouth. He kissed and tongued me thoroughly and it was delightful. Then he had his fingers inside me and I realized he was exploring while he watched my face. He touched a super sensitive spot and it must have shown in my face because I could see he was aware he had found it. He bent to lick and suck at my clit while he gently fingered the magic spot in my pussy._

_It only took a few moments for me to reach an orgasm. It was stupendous. There were lights like fireworks and my whole body felt the surge of pleasure come from between my legs. The only description I could think of for it was delicious, like my whole body got a taste of sweetness. I may have been unconscious because in time I realized there was a cock doing delightful things in me adding to the afterglow of the orgasm. I thought if I had a way to stop time it would be now. In a little bit I felt Joe cumming in me. I felt him tense to roll off me and I asked him to stay in me and on me. I didn’t want to give up any little bit of what I had. Joe asked if I was_

_comfortable and I had to respond that I was in some state far beyond comfortable. Then I went to sleep._

_I woke much later and watched as Joe began to stir beside me. He put out a hand to touch my boob and asked if I wanted to shower and get ready. I showered and managed to keep my hair dry for the most part. I only needed a bit of blow drying to be fully dry. Joe went in the shower and I started getting dressed. All I had to put on were my stockings and shoes, garter belt and panties. I started on my makeup before getting into my gown. So I was sitting at the vanity half naked when Joe came out of the shower._

_When he stood behind me with his hands on my shoulders, I could feel his erection against my back. He maneuvered me out onto the bed on my hands and knees. My panties were pulled down and he pushed into my twat. He reached a climax too quickly for me to reach an orgasm. Somehow I felt good about it just because he enjoyed it. Once he pulled out I dashed back to the refresher for a quick rinse and wipe._

_Returning to the bedroom Joe approached with something in his hand. He asked if I would wear it for the evening. It was a vibrating egg with a hanging wire, apparently for remote control. I was disappointed at that. I had been feeling like the dinner-dance was like a date, somewhat like university dances had been. I wanted to forget even if only for one evening that I was paid to be a whore. My dismay must have shown._

_Joe quickly explained, “This is something my wife and I used to do sometimes at social gatherings. If we were apart during an outing just a quick click told her I was near. Sometimes I would tease her with it by turning it on while she was alone or sitting still or while we were dancing. You’ve been such a wonderful companion this weekend that I just hoped to enjoy another memory.”_

_I felt I had to go along with it. I pushed down my panties and asked him, “Would you please put it in.”_

_Once he took his fingers back out I was surprised I couldn’t feel it inside me. I definitely knew it was there when he tested it and it stirred inside me. I hoped I wouldn’t have to put up with a lot of distraction from it. I finished my makeup and started to put on my gown. Joe zipped up the back for me. In a few more minutes he was dressed and we started out. Waiting at the elevator, I asked, “If I have too much to drink will you promise to take advantage of me?”_

_“As pretty and sexy as you look in that gown, I believe you should plan on having your legs spread wide when we come back up.”_

_“You would ravage me if I were unable to protest?”_

_“I don’t care if you protest or not. You’re going to get fucked tonight.”_

_“What if I’m unconscious?”_

_“That’s OK. I’m the only one that has to perform.”_

_“You’re awful and I love it. I guess I’ll have to stay sober enough to enjoy it.”_

_In the ballroom Joe led me to a table and introduced George, Harry, Steve (actually Stephanie), her husband Steve, Maggie, Charles, Ken and Lou. A waiter asked us about drinks and Joe ordered a whiskey sour. I was not going to worry about being in control and simply ordered the same._

_Steve asked, “Have you known Joe long?”_

_“I’m just a second cousin to somebody trying to find a girl for a blind date.”_

_I felt the vibrator in my pussy turn on, then off, on again and off again. I looked at Joe and realized he could talk to my twat telling me that was a good answer. I had to turn back to Steve and apologized for not catching her last question. I certainly couldn’t tell her I was having another conversation between my legs. I managed to keep up with conversation at the table after that. Joe excused himself and went off with George and Harry. In the moment after they left, two men sat down in their places and started using the communicators they had left behind. I started to get up and say something but Steve spoke up, “Janet. It’s alright. They’re company security just checking up behind George and Harry. Their work is too important to ever allow anyone access to it. And we want all the information on what they’re working on. There have been times they’ve worked on something and then erased it because they had no further interest in it. Back at our base we have their data constantly sent to the main computer. Here we don’t want their data broadcast so our people will try to capture it as they can. I’m ready for the powder room. How about you?”_

_I was ready too and got up and started to walk with her. About halfway across the ballroom the vibrator did its on off on off thing. I stopped and looked around until I saw Joe. I gave him a little wave and turned back to join Steve. She asked, “What was that about?”_

_“I just wanted to see where Joe was.”_

_Steve pushed open a door and asked if we could have a private moment. She explained she was the head of security at her company and Joe, George and Harry were of high concern to her. For that she was concerned about my connection with Joe. She had already requested an investigation into my background. I confessed to being a prostitute that Joe had hired for the weekend. Further, “He’s a nice guy and I’d like to stay with him through breakfast tomorrow morning. That’s what we had agreed on.”_

_“I’ve known Joe for years. His wife and I were good friends. You have several mannerisms that remind me of her. You’re sure you never knew him before this weekend?”_

_“We were total strangers until we met Friday. I know we can’t have any further relations and I’m planning on parting ways after Monday morning.”_

_“OK. I’m sorry to get in your face like this but Joe is more than security to me. I don’t want to see him hurt.”_

_“I understand and I’m sure I’ll be just a pleasant memory after Monday.”_

_We took care of our business in the refresher and returned to our table. Dinner was served and we enjoyed a good seven course meal with a very good selection of wines. After dinner Joe and I danced and returning to the table George asked me to dance. Then it was Harry followed by Steve, Charles and Ken. I was beginning to think I would never get to the drink I had ordered when I was relieved to hear the band was taking a break. Overall it was a beautiful evening. I danced as much as I wanted. Joe danced with me several times, sometimes with my twat vibrating. I drank just enough to have a delightful buzz._

_We finally wished the others good night and headed for the elevator. Another couple joined us but got off at the third floor. Joe turned on the vibrator and pulled me close against him. He unzipped my gown forcing me to hold it up in front while he fondled my boobs. I warned him he had better have the key ready. In the room I pushed him back on the bed and pulled down his pants. His cock was soft but just a moment of sucking got a nice erection. I pulled up my skirt, pulled down my panties, and pulled out the vibrator. I straddled him to ride cowgirl style. I reached my orgasm but I held on until I felt him cumming._

_I just laid on top of him until he slipped out. I got up and got out of my gown but I was ready for bed and sleep and just crawled in without getting out of my stockings. Joe undressed completely and joined me in bed pulling me into his arms._

_It was morning before I had another conscious thought. Joe was awake already and greeted me, “Good morning. I like your sexy pyjamas.” I was still wearing a garter belt and stockings. I saw his appreciation reflected in a pretty erection. His hand brushing my nipple was a better greeting. Then the hand moved down over my tummy and dipped between my legs. I opened wide to welcome him and he mounted me. He penetrated me slowly until he had delightfully filled me. He was so slow and gentle and I could feel an orgasm growing. It didn’t smash into me like they often did but just took me into it slowly until I was absorbed into it._

_It was such a calm, peaceful experience I found myself wondering how long I could hold onto it. Joe finally spilled his cum in me and the spell dissipated. Much as I disliked getting up, I stripped and got my shower. I dressed properly to join the others with Joe for breakfast in the hotel dining room. We joined Steve and Steve with George and Harry already seated at a table. We were quickly served coffee and allowed to peruse a menu. Once I had eaten and sat back for another coffee George and Harry asked if I lived in the city. When I answered I did they started questioning me about population and commuting and traffic. I wondered what was going on and Joe told me they were involved in mass transit solutions and the most trivial things were up for consideration. As time came to check out Joe said, “The company is putting all of us up at a resort for two weeks. I’d like it if you’d join me.”_

_I had no answer. Of course Steve was against me going. The idea of spending two whole weeks with Joe thrilled me to no end. Before I could stammer any kind of response Steve said, “You should come along. You’d enjoy it. We can have the plane pick you up at the local airport.”_

_I was too dumfounded to even think of what to say. Joe said, “I’ll take care of all the arrangements.”_

_I assumed he meant he would pay Jerry. I didn’t want to think of what that would cost. Everybody assumed I was going and I hadn’t been able to utter a word. Steve came behind me and with a hand on my shoulder said, “You’ll want shorts or jeans for daytime, or maybe slacks, but most evenings the ladies wear dresses.”_

_Leaning closer in a very low voice she said, “He’s happy with you. But if you hurt him I’ll make you suffer.”_

_I didn’t care. I would have Joe for two whole weeks. I knew it was only temporary but I refused to consider that. I was up in the clouds for the limo ride from the hotel to my apartment. It was so sweet when he walked me to the lobby and left me with a kiss and a hug._

_The next two weeks were interminable though Joe called several times. Finally the day arrived and I called for a hire car to go to the airport._

_01.01.14_

_story continues in [**An Ensign's Fantasies 15**](ensigns_fantasies15.html)

o0o
