---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/ponygirl/storiessz/unintentional.html
subcategory: Giantess & Shrinking
title: Unintentional
authors:
- Geetwo
tags:
- MF/f
- ponygirl
- bond
- harness
- cuffs
- gag
- leash
- collar
- piercing
- training
- whip
- cons
- X
date: 2025-02-01 00:00:00
---

### **CHAPTER ONE**

In the course of some casual browsing through the Internet, 26 year old sales agent Leona Litton came across a site relating to what it called pony-play and was intrigued to discover that some people apparently liked to be dressed up in a human version of the harnesses used for horses and then made to pull their “owners” around in purpose-built carts and carriages.

Her initial reaction was to giggle and shake her head in amused disbelief at the vagaries of human nature, but as she looked at the pictures and read the details of how the female players…pony-girls…were dressed and restrained so that they had no choice but to obey the reins that directed their efforts, she found herself becoming strangely fascinated by the idea.

The costumes and harnesses shown, mostly of polished black leather and gleaming steel, were clearly expensive and superbly made and the fact that the pony-girls’ arms were bound behind their backs and their breasts and bellies almost always exposed, added a delicious sense of sexual drama to their erotically-charged helplessness.

It was obvious that they were at the mercy of their “owners” and as Leona visualised herself in their situation, she squirmed on her chair to the pleasurable heat her imagination sent rippling through her body.

Following the links to other pages, she gazed avidly at images of pony-girls bound and tethered, fastened between the shafts of carts, trotting around fields, lifting their knees high in graceful, elegant display and, most exciting of all to her, kneeling humbly at the feet of their “owners” with their bodies beautifully presented and offered.

The more she looked, the more aroused she became and as her belly swirled with liquid warmth, the more she was drawn to the idea of becoming a pony-girl herself.

Not that she had anyone who could remotely be described as her “owner” or even as a partner, for although she was single, attractive and rarely short of male companionship if she wanted it, none of her relationships had been anything more than casual and that was the way she liked it.

Without someone to help her explore her newly-discovered fantasy, there didn’t seem to be any way for Leona to experience what it might be like to be a pony-girl.

Until, after a further hour or so of checking-out other sites, she came across the advertisement…

Headed by a full-colour picture of a semi-naked woman wearing a tight leather corset, thigh-length high-heeled boots, a plumed head-harness holding a steel bit between her teeth, with her arms securely strapped behind her back and harnessed to the shafts of a two-wheeled cart, the site offered expert tuition to suitable applicants who wanted to be trained as pony-girls.

Based in what the advertisement described as an idyllic country farmhouse retreat in the foothills of a peaceful mountain area some five hundred miles from her home city, the establishment promised over twenty square miles of lush green meadows, verdant woodland and rolling hills surrounding the comfortable, secluded home, stables and paddocks of its unnamed owner.

With total privacy and security assured by the location, successful applicants would receive the benefits of top-quality individual attention and training with the aim of ensuring that they would graduate from the programme as fit, highly skilled pony-girls, fully trained in the techniques of the high-step, trotting, cantering and carriage pulling.

Depending on aptitude and the performance levels required, the training could take as little as one to two months for the basic programme, or as long as twice that for trainees wishing to complete the advanced course, but whatever the period, complete satisfaction was the objective and no effort would be spared to achieve that end.

All food, accommodation, training and necessary equipment would be supplied, but applicants would be required to remain within the boundaries of the establishment for the entire period and no visits, outside contact by any means, or interruptions to the training programme would be permitted until after graduation.

On acceptance to any programme, payment in advance would be required and as no refunds would be given for any reason, it was imperative that satisfactory arrangements be made by each applicant to ensure their unbroken attendance for the full duration of training.

Leona realised immediately that the advertisement offered her a golden opportunity to bring her pony-girl fantasy to life without the need for a partner and could hardly believe her luck when she looked at the comparatively reasonable fees involved.

She was by no means wealthy, but even the advanced course was within her means and as she re-read the details to assure herself that there were no hidden extras or additional costs, her excitement rose higher in anticipation of enrolling herself as a trainee pony-girl.

The chance to have such a thrilling adventure was simply too good to miss and she knew she was going to do it.

Bringing up the on-line application form, she began to fill in the detailed information required.

Name, height, weight, age, colour of hair and eyes, vital statistics, shoe size, medical history, address, current employment, next of kin…all these and more were covered and as it dawned on Leona just how professional and thorough an operation she was dealing with, she shivered in arousal and half-pleasurable apprehension at the thought of delivering herself into the care of an organisation so obviously expert in their field and dedicated to the sole purpose of transforming absolute novices like her into obedient and responsive pony-girls.

There was no doubt in her mind that she wanted to do it and was prepared to devote the time, effort and money it would take, but couldn’t help wondering just what she was letting herself in for and whether she would be able to reach the standards they would expect from her.

Bored with her job as she was, giving that up would be easy and she could always find another job and another apartment when she returned to the city, so that was no problem.

Her general fitness was pretty good, too, so she thought she should be able to cope with the physical demands of the training without too much difficulty.

As for money, she had enough to get by for a while, even after paying for the training.

There was really no overpowering reason not to sign up.

Satisfied with her answers, Leona read through the final paragraph at the bottom of the form for the third time, then ticked the box specifying her wish to be accepted for the longer, advanced training programme.

If she was going to do it, she wanted to experience everything the advertisement promised.

All that was needed to start the process, was for her to press “Send”

Her finger reached out to hover over the button as she made her final decision, then stabbed down on the key.

The screen flickered and when “Message Sent” appeared, Leona gasped and her hands raced to her breasts and groin to rub and squeeze her stiffened nipples and wet-slick sex as arousal stormed through her body to the thrilling knowledge that she was on her way…

### **CHAPTER TWO**

It took more than three weeks for the organisation to carry out all the checks they considered necessary before accepting Leona’s application, but eventually all the preliminaries were completed and she was sent directions to fly to the airport nearest their base, where transport would be waiting.

As instructed, she took with her only a single suitcase containing casual clothes, her purse, driving licence and identification and was met by a tall, lean, sun-browned man who, after checking her documents, introduced himself as her driver and escorted her to a large, dust-covered four-by-four.

Excited and curious, Leona plied him with questions about the location of the farm and what she could expect of her training, but he wouldn’t be drawn, politely but firmly telling her that it would be better if she waited to talk to the owner.

Suppressing her natural desire to know more, she sat back and tried to relax as the truck sped along, then turned off the black-top onto the first of several dusty, minor tracks leading deep into the countryside.

After numerous twists and turns, she was totally lost, but the driver remained confident and she could only trust that he knew where he was going even if she didn’t.

Thankfully, he did and after almost two hours, drove down into a huge, green valley set like a bowl between the surrounding mountains, giving Leona her first view of the magnificent surroundings in which she would undergo her pony-girl training.

The long, white-painted, single-storey house was much as she had imagined, as were the large wooden barn and row of four stables flanking it and the timber-railed grassy paddock in front, but what she had not expected was the young woman who waited to welcome her when she stepped down from the truck.

Slim and dark-haired, the woman, or more accurately, the girl, was barely older than Leona herself and when she introduced herself as the owner and chief trainer, Leona couldn’t quite conceal her surprise and disappointment.

Picking up on her reaction, the girl chuckled and assured Leona that although she might look young, she was highly experienced and had trained more than a dozen pony-girls, so knew exactly what she was doing.

With the aid of her business partner, the driver who had brought Leona to the farm, they were more than capable of ensuring that she learned everything she would need to know as a pony-girl and by the time her four months of training was completed, Leona would know better than to underestimate her just because of her youthful appearance.

Leona still had some doubts, wondering if somebody so young could really be capable of what she claimed, but having paid in advance and come so far, decided to give the girl the chance to prove herself.

At least the driver was considerably older and gave the impression of being competent, so she might as well stay and see what happened.

After all, if she wasn’t satisfied, she could always leave…

Rather than four months, it was less than twenty-four hours before Leona discovered just how seriously she had misread her situation and the determination of her trainers…but by then, it was already too late for her to change her mind about staying.

After a welcome drink in the cool of the comfortable, air-conditioned house, Leona was invited to confirm that she was absolutely sure she wished to go ahead with the advanced training programme she had requested and paid for.

Remembering that her money would not be refunded if she declined to go ahead, she replied firmly that she had every intention of completing the full course and graduating with honours.

Her show of spirit and determination brought approving nods and smiles from the other two and when they asked if she was ready to begin, she took a deep breath and told them to bring it on.

Her apparent confidence…which was at least partly bravado…evaporated like smoke when the girl calmly instructed her to remove all of her clothes and told her that as a novice pony-girl, she would not be permitted to cover her body while in training.

Leona knew she should have expected it, her explorations on the Internet had shown her plainly enough how little most pony-girls wore, but even so, the idea of stripping naked in front of two strangers, especially the man, was highly embarrassing and more than a little frightening.

He obviously realised the cause of her pink-cheeked hesitation and turned away, saying he would fetch her harness and when he left the room, the girl repeated her instruction for Leona to undress, adding that if she wanted to be a pony-girl, then she would have to get used to displaying her body.

It made sense and Leona felt that she couldn’t really argue.

Deciding that if she had to strip, then the quicker she did it the better, she swiftly kicked off her shoes, pulled her jumper off over her head, slid her jeans down and stepped out of them, unhooked her bra and discarded it, then finally took off her panties and immediately bent forward and tried to cover her nudity with her hands.

Her attempt wasn’t very successful, but it was enough to bring a mild rebuke from the girl and an instruction for Leona to stand up straight and cross her wrists behind her back.

Although she spoke quietly, it was clear from her tone that she expected to be obeyed and Leona felt a distinct thrill of excitement at the realisation that her training had begun.

Acutely aware of her nakedness and the red flush rising in her cheeks, she slowly took her hands from her body and placed them as instructed, her spine erect and head up.

The girl nodded in satisfaction, then walked slowly around her, telling Leona to keep still when she began to turn her head.

Looking straight forward, Leona shivered when the girl moved out of her range of vision, then licked her lips nervously when approaching footsteps told her that the man was returning.

She desperately wanted to hide from his eyes, but that meant disobeying the girl and Leona didn’t know what would happen if she did.

Perhaps she’d be asked to leave as being unsuitable for training and that would be the end of her fantasy of becoming a pony-girl.

Not to mention forfeiting all the money she’d already paid out.

As she tried to make up her mind, strong hands gripped her forearms and before she had time to realise what was happening, she felt cold, hard steel tighten around her wrists and heard the click of locks snapping shut.

Her instinctive reaction was to jerk her arms apart, but after less than an inch of movement, her wrists were held and she realised that she had been bound.

Leona’s eyes opened wide in shock and she tugged and yanked at her cuffs in a bid to free herself, but no matter how hard she pulled, her wrists remained securely restrained.

She couldn’t escape and gasped in alarm, understanding that she was no longer able to use her hands to conceal her body.

Whether she liked it or not, she was going to have to display her nudity and as a wave of fierce heat rolled through her belly and her nipples stiffened, Leona shuddered in arousal and humiliation at the immediacy of her response.

She had no way of knowing that her sexual feelings were quite normal for a trainee pony-girl experiencing nude bondage for the first time and her shame intensified when the girl moved to stand in front of her and informed her with a smile that she had no need to be embarrassed by her response to being tied up.

Pony-girls were always kept bound and she would soon get used to it and come to love her helplessness and the pleasurably erotic sensations she was clearly already experiencing.

Leona gaped open-mouthed at the girl, trying to come to terms with the impact of her calm statements and find the words to explain that she had never expected to be tied up for the entire four months of her training and wasn’t sure she would be able to cope.

She wasn’t given the opportunity, a leather harness descending over her head and a cranked steel bit covered with more leather pushing between her parted lips and into her mouth as the man behind her took advantage of her brief mental paralysis.

With her arms bound, Leona could only shake her head wildly from side-to-side and squeal futile protests while he swiftly buckled the leather straps that secured the harness and forced the bit deeper between her jaws despite her frantic efforts to expel it.

Unable to do so, she tried to protest and was alarmed to discover that with her tongue trapped under the bit, all she could produce was a garbled and completely unintelligible mumble instead of the demand for it to be removed that she had intended.

When a padlock clicked shut behind her neck, Leona knew there was no point in further resistance and when the man joined his female partner and the two of them gazed boldly at her, she forced herself to keep still and not waste her time in futile struggles, realising that she had no chance of successfully escaping her bonds or of hiding her body from their eyes.

With no option but to endure their lengthy scrutiny, she tried to maintain a pretence of unworried indifference while they discussed her muscle-tone and general fitness, then agreed an exercise regime that would bring her up to the standard they required of her.

At no point was she involved in the discussion, or her opinions sought and as it was made clear to her that, in their view at least, she was no longer a person with rights and freedoms, but a mute, harnessed animal to be trained however they considered necessary, Leona couldn’t suppress the ripples of fear and arousal that set her belly quivering and her mind racing at the memories of the pictures she had seen on the Internet of pony-girls kneeling submissively at the feet of their owners.

More than any others, those were the images that had fascinated and excited her and given her the idea of becoming a pony-girl, but her erotic fantasies had never taken into account the possibility that she might simply be ignored.

Considering that she was naked, gagged and defenceless, the last thing she expected was to have to just stand and wait as if she was invisible while the two of them decided how to begin her training.

It was humiliating and infuriating and after a minute or two, Leona decided she was not going to put up with it.

Lifting her head, she glared at the girl and pulled at her cuffed wrists, then grunted past her bit-gag and stamped her bare foot to show her displeasure.

Her display of anger achieved immediate results…although not of the kind she hoped for as the man strode behind her and without a word, squatted down and snapped a cuff around her left ankle.

When he took hold of her right ankle a moment later, she tried to kick backwards to dislodge his hold, but missed and before she could recover her balance, the second cuff was locked and she found herself hobbled by a short length of strong chain.

Even more helpless than before, Leona tried to edge backwards as the girl uncoiled a braided leather rope, but with her ankles hobbled, she hadn’t managed to retreat more than a few feet before a clip snapped into the downward-projecting arms of her bit.

Unwilling to submit to being leashed, Leona jerked her head against the new restraint in an attempt to pull the rope from the girl’s hand…only to wince and gasp when the girl tugged sharply and the cranked steel bar of the bit in her mouth sawed over her tongue and dragged uncomfortably at the corners of her lips.

Although just short of being actually painful, the sensation was distinctly unpleasant and more than enough to convince Leona of the folly of trying to defy the wishes of whoever held her leash.

Unwillingly obedient, she shuffled back to her original spot before the girl, her cheeks flushing at the casual ease with which her momentary rebellion had been crushed, then gulped as the man fetched an open ring of gleaming steel and fitted it around her throat.

Aligning the ends carefully, he pressed hard and as a solid, metallic click came from beneath her chin, Leona shivered to the knowledge that she wore a collar.

One that she could not remove…

Cuffed, collared, bitted and leashed just like the pony-girls she had seen on the Internet, her destiny was no longer in her control and as Leona faced the awesome prospect of four months of uninterrupted strict training and enforced obedience, with no hope of escape or release, the leash tugged commandingly and she was forced to follow as the pair led her out of the house and towards the barn.

Trembling with a mixture of curiosity, nervous excitement and half-delicious fright, she could only hope that no-one else could see her naked, tightly-chained nudity, for she was in no position to conceal her breasts or buttocks or belly and was intensely aware that she was completely defenceless and reliant on them to protect her.

Escape was out of the question, defiance of the leash and bit at best uncomfortable verging on painful, reasoned argument or discussion impossible, her views and opinions irrelevant and her ability to influence…far less control events…non-existent.

Shuffling along behind her trainers, Leona tried to decide whether she should meekly accept the situation, or make a show of resistance to demonstrate that she was unwilling to continue and wanted to be released before things went any further.

Only…she really didn’t want to give up her dream of being a pony-girl and actually found being so thoroughly restrained and displayed in her harness surprisingly erotic, but at the same time, couldn’t help but be a little worried at the speed and ease with which her freedom and independence had been taken from her.

It had all happened so quickly that she hadn’t had time to come to terms with the reality of what being a trainee pony-girl apparently meant…but it was what she had wanted and had signed-up and paid for, so didn’t want to back out before the experience had begun and lose the chance to live-out her fantasy.

With a mental shrug, Leona decided to carry on and when she was led in through the wide double-doors of the barn, crushed down her nerves and resigned herself to having to obey until such time as her bit was removed and she would be able to discuss her concerns with her trainers and come to a sensible compromise that would restore at least partial control over her situation to her.

After all, she had paid quite a lot of money, so she considered that it wasn’t unreasonable to expect at least some say in what happened to her.

Under almost any circumstances of the conventional, civilised world that she was familiar with, Leona would have been quite right…but she had not yet fully appreciated that by insisting on signing up for the advanced training programme, she had effectively given her trainers total authority to use whatever means they considered necessary to complete her transformation into a genuine pony-girl…

### **CHAPTER THREE**

Instructed to stand with her back against one of the massive wooden posts that supported the roof of the barn, she waited passively while buckled leather straps bound her in place so tightly that she couldn’t move a muscle, her whole body and even her head, completely immobilised.

Her mind raced, imagining all the things that could be done to her, but none of Leona’s lurid visions came anywhere near the shocking reality.

The buzzing of an electric razor from behind her came as a dreadful shock, but there was nothing she could do to stop every trace of her hair being shaven from her scalp, leaving her completely bald and utterly demoralised at the realisation of how completely helpless and at the mercy of her trainers she already was.

Her eyes filled with alarm at the thought of the months of training still to come…

She had never seen a piercing-gun in her life, but when the woman approached her with the gleaming steel tool in her right hand and then used her left to roll and fondle Leona’s nipples until both became stiff and swollen, the horrified captive suddenly realised what was about to happen to her.

Squealing in anguished denial, Leona fought madly to break free, but although the straps creaked with strain, they held firm and she couldn’t prevent the woman from fitting the jaws of the device over her erect left nipple.

Holding Leona’s wide, frightened eyes with her own, the woman smiled and nodded, then squeezed the trigger and as the gun fired, a neat hole was punched straight through Leona's engorged flesh and a large steel ring inserted.

Leona screamed into her bit-gag at the brief, sharp pain and her eyes filled with tears, but the woman was unmoved and despite Leona’s garbled pleas, repeated the process, inserting a matching ring through her right nipple.

Even in her wildest fantasies, Leona had never dreamed that such a thing could be done to her, but as she felt the weight of steel at her nipples and squinted downwards to see the gleaming rings transfixing her living flesh, her brain reeled at the incredible sight.

Putting down the piercing-gun, the woman casually reached out to flick the ring dangling from Leona’s right nipple and chuckled in amusement as her hapless captive squealed to the devastating combination of pain and arousal that jolted through her breast as the ring jerked and swung.

Shocked and terrified by the effect of such a simple action, Leona gaped numbly at her tormentor when the woman grinned and informed her that it would not be long until her piercings healed and her rings could be used as attachment points for leashes or tethers.

Until then, she could use the time to become accustomed to her harness and begin some light training and exercise.

The thought of her ringed nipples being leashed was horrifying to Leona, because she understood instantly how appallingly effective it would be and knew that she would have absolutely no option but to obey whoever held her leash.

The thought of attempting to resist was too awful to even consider…

Utterly stunned by her conclusions, she could only wait numbly while the man fitted a tall plume of feathers into a socket on the crown of her head-harness, then untied her from the post and when the woman tugged firmly at the braided leather leash still clipped to her bit, she was forced to shuffle forward and follow her female trainer out of the barn.

At every chain-hobbled step, her nipple-rings swung back and forth uncomfortably, sending a mix of twinges and unwanted, unavoidable arousal through her breasts, but there was nothing she could do and had to endure it while she was led into the railed paddock in front of the house and over to a thick wooden post, some six feet high, sunk deep into the earth in the middle of the lush grass.

Swapping the leash for a much longer version attached to a swivel on the top of the post, the woman casually instructed Leona to circle the post, keeping the leash taut and lifting her knees high, then strolled back until she could lean against the rail and ordered Leona to walk on, just as if she was a real pony.

Angry and humiliated, Leona was sorely tempted to ignore her and refuse to obey, but when the woman picked up a long, thin buggy-whip and cracked it expertly through the air just over her head, Leona trembled wildly and stumbled forward, her eyes wide with fear at the unmistakable threat.

Halfway around her first circuit, the whip hissed out again, only this time, instead of cracking harmlessly over her head, it landed on her naked buttock to paint a thin red line of stinging heat across her flesh and bring a muffled squeal of anguished protest from her bit-gagged lips.

She couldn’t believe the woman had actually struck her, but as she was ordered to lift her knees higher and keep the leash taut, Leona shuddered to the realisation that she was not going to be allowed to defy the girl’s commands and would be whipped as often as it took to enforce her absolute obedience.

Her dream of becoming a fully-trained pony-girl had never envisaged her being pierced or ringed or whipped, but all three had been done to her and when the whip rose again, Leona gasped and surrendered, walking forward with her knees lifting as high as the hobble-chain linking her cuffed ankles would permit.

Naked and harnessed under the hot sun, she circled the post a second time, then a third and a fourth and many more until she lost count and sank into a haze of numbed, helpless acceptance of her plight.

A haze broken by the occasional sharp crack of the whip on her flanks and a brusque command for her to lift her knees higher, hold her head up, pull her shoulders back, or keep her pace even.

Her first training session went on for a long, long time and well before it ended, Leona was bitterly regretting her decision to come to the farm at all, her buttocks smarting from the numerous lashes she had received, her newly-ringed nipples throbbing uncomfortably and her body beaded with the sweat of what, to her, was hard, unaccustomed exercise.

Tired and miserable, she assumed she would be released to take a shower, then given a good meal and a rest in a nice, soft bed, but as she soon discovered, the advanced pony-girl training programme she had requested and paid for, was to be a full-on, full-time arrangement that did not include such inessential luxuries.

Led to the stable-block, she was mortified to be taken into a stall with a deep layer of straw on its floor, where, with her collar padlocked by a chain to a massive iron ringbolt set into the wall, her bit and hobbles were removed and she was told that she could relax while her meal was prepared.

She would have liked to argue and point out that she wasn’t a real pony, so it was ridiculous of them to expect her to stay in a stall, but even as she thought about it, she suspected the trainers wouldn’t take any notice.

To them, she was a pony and a pony lived in a stall.

So, stupid and irritating though it was, she supposed she would have to do the same for the time being…and anyway, she was too tired to push the issue until she had rested and eaten.

After that, though, she was going to remind them that she had paid a lot of money in advance, so was simply not prepared to put up with any more of their plainly unacceptable training ideas and expected to be treated as a proper guest.

Otherwise, she would insist on leaving and then sue them for the return of her cash, as well as for punitive damages for the pain and suffering of having her nipples pierced and her head shaved against her will.

Sure that any Court would find in her favour and unwilling to humiliate herself further by begging to be released, Leona pretended to be unconcerned by her situation, making herself as comfortable as she could on the straw and ignoring the trainers when they left the stall and bolted the bottom half ot the stable door behind them.

As soon as they were out of earshot, she got up and tried to go to the door, only to find that the chain tethering her was too short and wouldn’t allow her to get her cuffed wrists and outstretched fingers anywhere near the bolt.

Frustrated, she sat down again and resigned herself to having to wait until they returned with her meal and freed her wrists so she could eat.

She was absolutely furious when the man returned with a large plastic bowl half-full of cereals mixed with nuts and fruit and honey that he placed on the straw, then invited her to tuck in, ignoring her protests when he steadfastly refused to unlock her wrist-cuffs and simply told her that she could eat or not, as she chose.

The same applied to the shallow water-bowl he brought and although she cursed at him, he only shrugged and left her to manage as best she could.

Determined not to give in, Leona resisted for over an hour, but eventually her growing hunger and thirst undermined her willpower and she was forced to surrender, bending low and plunging her face into the bowls to satisfy her needs.

It was deeply humiliating for her, but she had no choice and although she strongly resented having to eat and drink like an animal and was embarrassed by being unable to clean the sticky residue of her meal from her lips and cheeks, she was at least grateful that the mixture was delicious and the water cool and fresh.

With her stomach full, she lay back on the straw, her mind replaying the events of the day

Her old job and former life seemed a world away and when she remembered how easily she had been harnessed and made to obey the trainers’ commands, her face blushed pinkly and she felt her belly swirl with shameful warmth at the memory.

She could still hardly believe that they had actually whipped her to make her do what they required.

Almost reluctantly, Leona let her eyes drop to her breasts and as she gazed at the twin circlets of gleaming steel transfixing her flesh, shivered and gulped as her belly kicked powerfully to the memory of the female trainer calmly informing her that the rings would be used to leash her.

That would be awful…terrifying…but even as Leona shivered, she was acutely aware of her nipples stiffening and her sex growing damp at the thought of being so helplessly and totally controlled by whoever held the leash.

With a soft moan, she curled into a ball and squeezed her eyes shut, her belly burning with arousal as her brain pictured her as a harnessed pony-girl, kneeling before her anonymous owner in complete submission, obediently waiting to carry out any command given…

### **CHAPTER FOUR**

Leona’s first day and night as a trainee pony-girl set the pattern for the next three weeks at the farm.

Fed and watered every morning, her wrists were released only to allow her to relieve herself and sponge down her body, then she was re-cuffed, hobbled and bitted to begin her exercises out in the paddock.

After a long break at midday to avoid the worst of the hot sun, it was then back to the paddock for more of the same, the day ending when she was taken back to her stall and tethered for her evening meal and night’s rest.

In spite of her arguments, demands and even her tearful pleas to be freed and allowed to leave, the routine never varied, her trainers unmoved and adamant that both she and they were committed to fulfil the contract she had specified and paid for.

They had the reputation of their business to think of, they told her and were not prepared to jeopardise it simply because she had changed her mind.

She had booked the advanced training course and confirmed she wanted to see it through, so that was what was going to happen.

Not even her offers to let them keep the fee and her promises to say nothing of what had happened, could sway them and eventually, very unwillingly, Leona had to accept that she was going to have to complete the entire four months of training.

Every day, securely bound and under the compulsion of the stinging whip wielded by either of her trainers, Leona circled the post in the middle of the paddock, her head held high, shoulders back and knees lifting in the high-stepping gait of a pony-girl.

It was hard work, requiring total concentration to meet the standard of perfection required and avoid the whip’s cruel bite on her flesh for any failings, but as the days passed and her performance improved, the frequency of punishment decreased and to her great surprise, she found that she was beginning to enjoy herself.

She had never been so fit, or felt so alive and even when she was ordered to increase her pace from a walk to a trot, at first found the higher speed quite easy to achieve and maintain…albeit a little uncomfortably as her breasts jiggled and the rings at her nipples swung to and fro.

Embarrassingly, this caused her breasts and nipples to become far more sensitive than normal and resulted in ever-increasing arousal as she trotted around the paddock.

She couldn’t stop it and as her belly filled with heat, she gasped in dismay and her paces faltered.

Immediately, the whip hissed out and cracked across her left buttock, the trainer ordering her sharply to keep her mind on the job, but Leona couldn’t, the smarting stripe in her flesh only adding to the turmoil in her belly and pushing her over the edge into a small, but very intense, mini-orgasm.

Stumbling to a halt, she bent forward, helpless to resist the exquisite pleasure of her climax and totally oblivious to the knowing smiles on the faces of her trainers as they watched her succumb to the sexual passion they had been waiting for her to exhibit.

For, experienced as they were in the training of novice pony-girls, they had always known that it was only a matter of time until the naturally submissive nature that had brought Leona to their farm, would result in her inevitable surrender to the bondage, discipline and control they had imposed on her.

Now that she had, they would soon be able to move on to the next stage of her training…

The power and depth of her first erotic surrender as a true pony-girl was both a thrilling and a scary revelation to Leona, for much as she had loved and delighted in the experience, she could not help but feel guilty and ashamed of displaying her sexual heat in front of her trainers.

It simply did not occur to her that it was exactly what they had been working towards ever since she had arrived at the farm and imagined that they would be angry and punish her for her disobedience.

Instead, no reference was made to it and when the spasms of her climax eased, she was ordered to resume her exercise as if nothing had happened.

Grateful for their forbearance, she complied willingly, but as soon as she began to high-step, the movement re-ignited the fire in her belly and devastating waves of arousal surged through her body.

For a second time, she gasped and stopped in her tracks, shocked and horrified by the strength and immediacy of her uncontrollable response.

This time, though, less than a second later, she squealed in anguish as a cruelly-hard lash blazed a line of searing red heat across her unprotected bottom and the male trainer snapped a terse order for her to continue, adding harshly that she had already been allowed her one free climax and must now obey perfectly and instantly unless she wanted to find out what a proper disciplinary whipping felt like.

Unwisely, Leona hesitated, her eyes wide with fear and disbelief, then screamed again as his whip curled around her thigh and bit into her soft flesh.

Sobbing in pain, she hurled herself forward in a frantic bid to escape, but with the leash confining her to a strictly-limited circle around the central post, she was unable to get out of range of the merciless leather and was forced to endure several more stinging stripes until she obeyed his repeated orders to resume the high-stepping trot.

Absolute obedience was her only defence and as she was required to trot, walk, turn and even reverse at his command, Leona shuddered to the relentless, unwanted stimulation that accompanied her every step, knowing that any attempt to defy her trainers would be mercilessly punished.

Her achingly-hard nipples and oozing, wet-slick sex betrayed the full extent of the havoc imposed on her, but with the threat of the whip hanging over her, she dared not stop or permit her urgent desire to surrender to a second, longed-for climax overwhelm her.

She had to obey and as the reality of her utter helplessness and abject subjugation sank into her brain and drove out any thought other than the single paramount need to carry out perfectly any and every order given by her trainers, Leona was completely unaware of their exchange of smiling glances as they witnessed her enforced submission.

Brought to a halt at last, she panted for breath, her eyes wide and filled with a mixture of apprehension and fervid need as they casually inspected her sweat and sex-stained body, then agreed that she had done quite well and deserved a small reward for her efforts.

Responding instinctively to the ring of authority in her female trainer’s voice, Leona jerked her head up and shoulders back, her breasts thrust forward when the girl snapped an order and it was only after she had displayed her body that Leona realised what she had done and blushed in humiliation.

Seemingly oblivious to Leona’s embarrassment, the girl smiled warmly at her and told her to keep perfectly still while she and her co-trainer gave her the reward she had earned.

Not knowing what form the reward might take, Leona was stunned when both trainers moved to her sides and brushed the backs of their fingers across her rigid nipples, their gentle caresses sending shock-waves of pleasurable arousal coursing through her breasts.

Leona didn’t know what to do or think…she had never been touched so intimately by a woman, or even by any man she didn’t have a physical relationship with…but any objections she might have made were consumed and burned to ashes the instant she felt their fingers against her flesh.

The sensations were extraordinarily erotic and Leona could not resist them…did not want to resist them…arching her spine to press her nipples more firmly against their hands and giving a low moan of sheer lust when the girl chuckled that a pony-girl who worked hard could expect to earn more of the same.

For sixty blissful seconds, Leona writhed and undulated sensuously between her trainers, uncaring of what her willing reaction to their arousal of her breasts revealed about her newly-awoken submissive nature and it was only after their hands left her and she was taken back to her stall and tethered for the night, that she was able to regain some control of her over-stimulated body and begin to worry about the completeness of her surrender.

None of her former lovers had ever made her feel so excited and aroused, or brought her to the point of displaying such blatantly-sexual passion that she knew that if she had been able to speak, she would have begged to be taken then and there.

By either of them…

She had always enjoyed sex, but it was one thing for Leona to think of herself with her male trainer and quite another to imagine making love with the girl.

Especially when Leona remembered that the girl had told her on her very first day of her training, that pony-girls were always kept bound.

If her arms were to remain cuffed behind her back when the girl took her to her bed…Leona’s belly convulsed massively and she gasped in alarm, her brain racing as she tried to make sense of the conflicting emotions the possibility conjured up.

Fear, shame and guilt predominated, but along with those were curiosity, arousal and strong, undeniable excitement, all blended with her recognition that she was in no position to refuse the trainers anything they cared to demand of her.

As a pony-girl under strict discipline, she could easily be made to obey.

Just as she already had been…and no doubt would be again…

### **CHAPTER FIVE**

The second stage of her training had been explained to Leona and she had been made to confirm with nods of her head, that she had understood exactly what was going to be required of her.

It hadn’t sounded too hard at the time, really just a repeat of her normal training exercises, but with her leash held by one of her trainers rather than attached to the post in the paddock.

When she was told that the trainer would jog ahead of her and make random changes of speed and direction, she was still confident that her fitness level was high enough for her to cope fairly easily, even in harness and with her ankles hobbled.

The unwelcome sting in the tail came when she learned that her leash was going to be attached to her nipple-rings instead of her bit-gag…

Leona hated being leashed by her nipple-rings, but was given no choice in the matter and simply had to accept her trainer’s uncompromising determination.

With a loop of chain through the rings clipped to a long leather strap held by the woman, she was led out of her stall, her instant, unquestioning obedience guaranteed by the automatic and painful retribution that would be visited on her should she even try to resist or hold back.

High-stepping gracefully around the paddock and with her eyes fixed on the leash running to the woman’s fist, defiance was the last thing on Leona’s mind, for she knew only too well the torment she would suffer if she failed to keep it slack.

It had already happened twice on the way to the paddock and the memory of the cruel jolts of sharp pain that had blazed through her ringed nipples when she had inadvertently allowed the leash to snap taut and tug at her pierced flesh, were still fresh and vivid in her mind and she never wanted to feel such awful anguish ever again.

Unfortunately, that was not in her control and she knew that it was only a matter of time until she would make a mistake that would result in her being disciplined for her error.

Even walking required her full concentration, when at every step she took, the leash swung unpredictably and threatened to tug at her piercings.

She didn’t want to contemplate what would happen when she was forced to trot and her breasts jiggled, as she knew they would.

Her first lap of the paddock, completed at a steady high-stepping walk, went well and she was relieved that her performance had been considered good enough not to require the male trainer, walking just behind her with his whip in hand ready to strike, to apply corrective discipline.

It did not last, though, for on the second lap, the woman holding her leash began to jog slowly and when Leona was forced to increase her pace, the uncomfortable bouncing of her breasts and the swaying and jerking of the chain linking her nipple-rings distracted her and broke her concentration.

The moment her steps faltered, the whip burned a stinging line across her buttocks, wringing a yelp of pained protest from her and an angry shaking of her head at the unfairness of her punishment.

Her futile show of dissent only made matters worse, because although she had slowed, her female trainer hadn’t and the leash immediately tightened, jerking sharply at Leona’s ringed nipples.

She squealed shrilly, her eyes wide with horror and misery at the ruthless cruelty of her disciplining, but had to respond instantly and helplessly, the minor discomforts of her bouncing breasts and swaying nipple-chains completely insignificant when set against the cruel pull of the leash and the threat of the whip behind her.

Much as she longed to defy her trainers, her bonds and leash and their whips made it impossible and as she was forced to continue her training, Leona knew she must obey perfectly to avoid further pain.

Determined to give them no cause to punish her again, she managed to complete the next two circuits of the track faultlessly, her head held high, shoulders back and spine slightly hollowed, breasts thrust out and knees lifting high, exactly as she had been taught.

Ordered to halt, she displayed her body and was rewarded with firm, authoritative caresses of her presented breasts, the trainers complimenting her on her excellent performance while their hands wrought delicious havoc on her as she fought not to move.

Their casual arousal of her body humiliated Leona almost as much as it excited her, for she could not conceal the physical evidence of her need, her stiffly-erect nipples and damply-glistening sex all too obvious to their eyes.

Half of her longed to be given a climax, the other half…the rational, sensible half that still recognised their actions as part of a plan to condition her to accept and welcome her enforced subjugation…fought not to give in and allow her to submit fully and willingly.

Torn between her desire and the fear of where her submission to those desires would lead her, Leona trembled as the woman moved to stand directly in front of her, shortening the leash until she was less than a foot from her nervous captive.

Keeping a firm tension on the chain looped through Leona’s nipple-rings with one hand, she trailed the other slowly down across Leona’s belly, her lips curving into a knowing smile as the naked pony-girl gasped and her eyes widened in alarm.

She paused with her fingers just above the curly thicket of dark hair that marked the entry to Leona’s sex, then calmly reminded her that a pony-girl displaying her obedience would be punished if she broke her pose, reinforcing the message with a gentle shake of the chain she held.

The warning was unmistakable and Leona had no doubt that the woman meant every word of it.

If she moved or made any attempt to resist, her nipples would suffer immediate and painful retribution.

For five long seconds, Leona gazed numbly at her trainer’s face, searching for some hint of weakness or uncertainty, but saw only the woman’s iron determination to impose her will upon her.

With a soft moan, Leona dropped her eyes in surrender, her belly swirling with delicious heat as she finally gave up the struggle to retain at least some control over her fate and accepted that she must forget what she had once been and become a true pony-girl in every way.

Including, as with any other domesticated animal or family pet, losing all rights over her own body…

Already hopelessly aroused, Leona whimpered and chewed on her bit, battling not to move as soft fingers explored the puffy, moist lips of her sex, each gentle caress sending devastating jolts of scorching heat raging through her belly.

Fixated on the delicious torment at her sex, she failed to see the woman’s sharp nod to her male compatriot and was taken by surprise when his hands snaked around her body and captured her breasts.

Her head arched back and she screamed in ecstatic anguish as, working in perfect unison, the woman’s fingers penetrated her sex and the man rolled and squeezed her rigid nipples, propelling Leona into a powerful orgasm in response to their ruthless plundering of her defenceless body.

Pulsing and moaning to the waves of sexual pleasure pounding through her belly, Leona shuddered as she was forced to surrender, her eyes wide at the strength and depth of her climax and the knowledge of her complete submission to the erotic domination of her trainers.

Harnessed and leashed by her nipple-rings, she could not escape the overwhelming sensations imposed on her and when her belly convulsed over and over and a trickle of silvery juices oozed from her sex to betray the extent of her helpless passion, the woman grinned and nodded in satisfaction…then calmly ordered Leona to resume her training exercise.

The demand was both cruel and completely unreasonable and the last thing Leona wanted to do…but unfair or not, when the woman turned to walk away and the leash to Leona’s chain-linked nipple-rings tightened, she had absolutely no choice but to obey regardless of her own wishes.

Spasm after spasm racked her belly as she was forced to comply, earning her several sharp lashes from the male trainer when the seething turmoil of her climax overwhelmed her and she was forcibly reminded, yet again, of her lowly status and utter vulnerability to their control over her.

High-stepping around the paddock, Leona blushed redly in shame, acutely aware of the glistening wetness between her thighs and of the undeniable fact that she was hugely and humiliatingly aroused by her plight.

Her trainers were so utterly dominant, so sure of their absolute authority, so certain that she would submit and obey…and she had…

Not only had obeyed, but was obeying and must continue to obey, for her body was no longer hers to command.

The ferocious heat of her need and the exquisite pleasure of her surrender to their hands had stripped away the last remnants of her defences and left her unable to deny the truth of her own desires, or resist the partly-delicious, partly-frightening and wholly-erotic allure of allowing herself to submit fully and willingly to whatever was required of her.

As a novice pony-girl, undergoing the strict training and discipline she had booked and paid for in advance, she tried to tell herself that she surely couldn’t be held responsible for what happened to her, or for surrendering to the overwhelming sexual subjugation imposed on her.

In her heart, Leona knew that it wasn’t much of a justification for her submission and that she was really just making excuses for permitting herself to accept and revel in their power over her, but as she circled the paddock in obedience to the leash to her ringed nipples and the sharp sting of the whip on her flexing buttocks, the swirling heat in her belly grew ever-stronger at the thought of the weeks of training that still lay ahead of her.

Almost three months of it, with no breaks, interruptions or phone calls until the entire programme was completed to her trainers’ satisfaction.

Even so early in her training, barely a quarter of the way through, Leona was well aware that the conditioning she had already undergone, had uncovered a deep, wide vein of submissiveness in her nature that she had never really known was there.

It was true that she had been intrigued and aroused by the pictures of pony-girls she had seen on the Internet and been so powerfully attracted by the idea of being trained as one that she had enrolled herself on the course…but even so, she hadn’t ever really thought of herself as being submissive.

Not until the trainers had harnessed her and made her obey them whether she wanted to or not…then given her the most powerful and intense orgas she had ever experienced.

From day one of her training, being made helpless, unable to resist or even express her views and subjected to punishment for any failure to do exactly as she was ordered, had come as a massive shock to her…but a shock soon accompanied by the thrilling and totally unexpected revelation that their ruthless, all-pervading control of her every action, excited her and sent waves of pleasurable sexual warmth surging through her whole body.

Her guilt at having such feelings had made her try to suppress them and fight against her training, but as the days passed with nothing to show for her resistance but whip-marks and sexual frustration, her will-power had quickly ebbed away.

Until the day came when she experienced her first orgasm to the eroticism of her own obedience while she was training.

Without even being touched by the trainers…

From that moment on, her strict discipline had been coupled with delicious rewards and Leona had realised that it would only be a matter of time before she would surrender utterly to her own submissive desires and the carefully calculated, quite irresistible demands of her trainers.

Now, that time had come and Leona arched her spine to offer her breasts, knees lifting high, displaying her body, in the hope that a well-trained, perfectly obedient and willing pony-girl might be granted the touch of her trainers and the longed-for release of the second climax seething in her belly.

It was all she could do and her efforts were eventually rewarded…but not until she had earned her pleasure with many more circuits of the paddock.

Around and around, in immediate, helpless obedience to the tug of the leash at her ringed nipples, perfecting the lift of her knees and the smoothness and rhythm of her chain-hobbled steps under the compulsion of the whip which striped her unprotected flanks with smarting fire at any error or flaw in her performance.

Driven on by her trainers, it seemed to Leona that she would never be able to achieve the standard they demanded of her and whimpered in pained anguish, her nipples throbbing and buttocks smarting as she struggled to satisfy them, her whole being focused solely on the need to be a fully-pleasing pony-girl.

Until, when she had almost given up hope, the order to halt finally came.

Instantly, without hesitation or even conscious thought, Leona offered her body in a perfect display, her belly aflame with fierce need.

For the second time, her trainers gave her what she had worked so hard to achieve and as her breasts and sex were fondled and caressed by their knowing fingers, Leona climaxed in seconds, shuddering and moaning to the explosive contractions deep inside that accompanied her willing and eager submission to their unquestioned power over her.

Then climaxed again when they continued to toy with her while the woman congratulated her on her efforts and told Leona she was making excellent progress and that if she maintained it, she would soon be ready to begin the third stage of her training.

Sunk deep in the throes of her intense passion, Leona shivered while her belly convulsed, the woman’s words adding to the frenzied turmoil of her orgasm with their promise…or threat…of still more stringent training that she would have to endure.

With another milestone passed in her training and her former life of freedom and independence far away for many more weeks, Leona could only wonder just how much farther into the role of totally obedient and utterly submissive pony-girl her trainers meant to take her…and whether at the end of her training, she herself would want, or even be capable of returning to the “normal” life she had once led…

### **CHAPTER SIX**

Thanks to the strict regime of training and exercise imposed on Leona since her arrival at the farm, she was far fitter than she had ever been.

Which was just as well, for the third stage of her training required considerable physical effort and endurance on her part.

Stepping high in perfect rhythm, her head held erect and shoulders back, Leona ensured the leash to her nipple-rings never tightened as she followed her trainers to the barn, her concentration so intense that it was only after she was ordered to halt and had automatically spread her legs to display her body fully, that she saw the carriage.

Supported on two spoked, rubber-tyred wheels, the carriage had a leather-upholstered bench seat and a pair of long, curved shafts projecting forward, connected at the front.

As soon as she set eyes on it, her mind instantly flashed back to the pictures she had seen on the Internet of pony-girls pulling their owners around in carriages just like the one she was looking at and she felt arousal ignite in her belly at the thought of doing the same with her trainers.

Arousal mixed with just a little anxiety when she realised that the seat was wide enough for both a driver and a passenger…

The thought of having to pull both of her trainers was a little daunting, but when Leona noticed that a bracket on each side of the seat held a long, tapering buggy-whip, she realised straight away that, daunting or not, she wouldn’t be permitted any choice in the matter.

Ponies harnessed to a carriage pulled it wherever, whenever and however their reins directed and as a pony-girl, she would have to do the same.

From the very first day, her obedience had been required and strictly enforced by her trainers and Leona was in no doubt whatever that she would feel the buggy-whips stinging bite for any lack of effort or poor performance on her part.

Standing perfectly still and silent, she watched intently as the carriage was brought forward, then at the woman’s command, turned and high-stepped backwards until the shafts were lifted over her head and she was ordered to halt.

Her wrist cuffs were unlocked and for a wild moment Leona considered making an escape bid while her arms were free…only to immediately abandon the idea as she recognised its total impracticality.

Barefoot, ankles hobbled by chain, gagged by a bit she couldn’t remove, in the middle of nowhere and totally naked apart from her locked steel collar and ringed nipples, the chances of her getting away were as near zero as made no difference.

Even if she knew which direction to take…which she didn’t…

Her only realistic hope of release was to complete her training and as she accepted the fact, she was ordered to crouch and her wrists drawn down to the shafts of the carriage and clipped in place.

The simple clips could easily have been undone if Leona had been able to get her fingers to them, but with each of her hands attached to one of the shafts, it was quite impossible for her fingers to touch, far less manipulate the spring-loaded catches.

Instructed to stand up, she gripped the shafts in her hands and straightened easily, pleased to find that the carriage was so well balanced that there was almost no weight to lift.

Much less pleased when the chain looped through her nipple rings was adjusted so that it ran from one nipple down through a ring on the front section of the shafts and back up to the other, securing her to the carriage and requiring her to keep the shafts no lower than her waist if she was to avoid painful tugging at her pierced flesh.

As ever, though, there was nothing she could do about her situation and while her hobble was removed and her reins replaced with much longer versions and led back to the carriage behind her, Leona waited patiently like the docile, obedient pony she was being trained and conditioned to become.

The shafts dipped slightly as her trainers took their seats behind her, then, when the reins slapped across Leona’s shoulders, she leaned forward and pulled, not knowing what to expect.

To her delighted relief, the carriage rolled smoothly and she smiled behind her bit as she was guided around the paddock, surprised and pleased by how easily she was coping and smugly congratulating herself on her fitness level.

Her smile faded when the reins turned her out onto the dusty track by which she had first been brought to the farm and as she gazed at the narrow strip of road snaking across the broad expanse of valley and rising into the surrounding hills, her eyes widened in anxiety to the realisation that she had no idea how far her trainers intended to make her pull them.

The reins slapped again and she increased her speed to a trot, knees lifting high and breasts jiggling, her obedience automatic and unthinking despite her concerns.

Past the paddock, past the stable-block, past the house, under the log arch marking the entrance to the farm, then onwards along the track with dust puffing under her bare feet, her breathing growing deeper as her exertions and the slight but constant drag of pulling the carriage and its passengers slowly began to tell on her.

Reaching the edge of the valley, Leona waited for the reins to signal the turn that would head her back towards the farm and the chance to rest she felt she deserved, but to her appalled dismay, the signal didn’t come and as the track started its rise into the hills, she gulped nervously, feeling the carriage grow far heavier when she began to climb.

Forced to pull harder, her speed slowed, but the moment it did, a coach-whip branded a line of fire across her left buttock.

With a breathy squeal, Leona surged upward, forcing herself to ignore her fatigue and the heaving of her breasts as she sucked air into her lungs to fuel her efforts, her brain quailing at the immediacy of her punishment and the certainty of more to come when she slowed again, as she knew must happen within a matter of moments.

Digging her toes into the dirt of the track she strained every sinew in her efforts to keep the carriage moving at the demanded speed, but it was not enough and the whip struck her again to paint a matching stripe of stinging heat on her right bottom-cheek.

It was cruel and unfair, for she was trying really hard, but as she had learned since arriving at the farm, a pony-girl’s obedience was not optional or open for discussion.

Either she obeyed and performed to her trainers’ entire satisfaction, or she was punished until she did.

There was no other option for a pony-girl and as a third lash reinforced the message of her trainers’ total authority over her, Leona dug deep into her last reserves of stamina, her legs trembling and the breath rasping in her throat as she fought to respond.

The tug of the reins as she was steered to her left into a grassy clearing, came as hugely welcome relief and when she was finally brought to a halt, bent forward with her head hanging low in panting exhaustion.

Which was not how she had been trained to display when halted and when the whip snapped a fourth time and she was ordered to display properly, forced her aching body to straighten, spread her legs wide and lifted her head to gaze directly forward.

Behind her, she felt her trainers dismount from the carriage and a few moments later they stood in front of her, the man holding her reins and the woman a large plastic bottle with a spout that she pushed into Leona’s mouth, past the bit-gag she wore.

The water was cool and refreshing and as Leona drank, her trainers told her that she had done well for her first pull and had earned a short rest before setting off back to the farm.

That was not what she wanted to hear, for although the first part of the return trip would be downhill, it still left almost the whole width of the valley for her to pull them before she would reach the farm.

Already tired as she was, it would be hard work for her, but hard or not, Leona knew she would have to do it and do it perfectly at whatever speed her trainers ordered.

Before signing up for the course, nobody could have made her do anything she didn’t want to, but as a pony-girl in training she was well aware that she no longer had that luxury and must obey or suffer the painful consequences of any attempt to defy their instructions.

So when her trainers climbed back onto the carriage and steered her back out of the clearing, she took a deep breath and steeled herself for the long pull home.

Inexperienced in carriage-pulling, she had not expected going downhill to be almost as demanding as going uphill and was taken by surprise when the weight of the carriage and its passengers pushed heavily at the shafts in her hands, almost as if it was trying to overtake her and run her over.

Instead of leaning forwards as she had on the ascent, she had to pull backwards to slow it down and keep it under control.

Which was not easy while still having to maintain progress.

She was too busy concentrating to notice that her trainers had let her alone, until she reached the bottom of the slope and realised she had not been disciplined even once, although she knew she had not always high-stepped or managed to keep an even pace.

Grateful for their consideration, she pulled her shoulders back, lifted her head and raised her knees high in the trot all the way back to the farm, ignoring her tiredness and aching limbs in her determination to thank them and make them proud of their pony-girl.

At the farm, after unhitching her from the cart, they showed her just how pleased they were with her performance and as Leona stood with her body displayed as she had been trained, their fingers and lips rewarded her with skilful arousal until her belly and breasts quivered and trembled with ferocious need, then thrust her into a squealing, shuddering orgasm of such length and power that she could barely stagger back to her stall.

### **CHAPTER SEVEN**

Every other day from then on the drive was repeated, sometimes with both of her trainers, sometimes with only one and as the weeks passed, Leona grew so fit that she barely slowed when faced with the climb up to the clearing.

It was on one of these days, many weeks later, harnessed to the cart and ready to go, that the woman walked up to her and calmly buckled a padded leather blindfold over her eyes, then patted her cheek and told her that all she had to do was obey the reins and she’d be fine.

Leona was not so sure, for the blindfold had come as an unwelcome surprise and with her vision taken from her, she felt disoriented and far less confident, realising that she would be unable to see what lay in her path and be totally reliant on her driver to keep her safe.

Alarming though the unexpected development was, Leona was given no time to dwell on it, the woman climbing onto the seat behind her and slapping the reins across her shoulders in the signal to walk on, the instruction immediately followed by a warning flick of leather across her flank when she hesitated.

Knowing that she must obey, Leona high-stepped forward along the track, nervously at first, but then with growing confidence as her trust grew, moving automatically into the trot when the reins signalled the change of pace.

With only one trainer aboard, the climb caused her little difficulty and after reaching the clearing and displaying her body in the familiar pose of her willing submission, Leona was pleased when her blindfold was removed and she was given water through the spout of the bottle.

Refreshed, she expected her trainer to re-mount the cart as usual and drive her back to the farm, so was surprised when the woman reached out to stroke her cheek tenderly, then let her hands drop to Leona's breasts, caressing her to send delicious ripples of arousal through the firmly-rounded flesh.

It was the first time she had been caressed before the return trip to the farm and although it was unusual, Leona was not about to complain even if her bit had allowed it and as her nipples stiffened and her belly swirled with delicious heat, she arched her back to offer her breasts to the woman's knowing fingers.

Her instinctive reaction brought a smile to the trainer's face and she chuckled, complimenting Leona not only on her fitness and performance while blindfolded, but also on her acceptance and clear enjoyment of being a pony-girl and the rewards it brought.

Leona felt her cheeks blush, understanding what her trainer meant and knowing it was true.

She had come to love and relish her training, delighting in her hard-earned strength and fitness, gaining deep satisfaction from meeting and overcoming each new challenge…and especially from the touch of her trainers' hands when she had done well.

Strongly aroused by the continued fondling of her breasts, Leona wasn't sure she had heard correctly when the woman said casually that she had been thinking for some time of taking on a permanent, full-time pony-girl and wondered if Leona would be interested?

A number of potential pony-girls had expressed a desire to be trained at the farm and if Leona agreed to take the post, she would become the role model for them, demonstrating what was required at each stage of their training programme.

It was an extraordinary offer, something that Leona had never even thought of, far less considered and she had no idea of how to respond.

Her confusion increased when the woman explained that her partner, the older man, wanted to semi-retire and step back from training, so she needed someone to help her with the trainees.

If Leona wanted the job, she would receive a share of the profits after expenses and instead of living in a stall in the stable-block, could move into the house whenever she was not actually directly involved in the training programmes.

As she offered the final concession, the woman blushed and hesitated, the pink flush deepening to red when she added shyly that her name was Izzy and Leona would also be welcome to share her bed if she liked…

Leona had never had a lesbian experience, or even kissed another woman, so while Izzy pretended to busy herself with stowing away the water bottle and checking the cart in order to cover her evident embarrassment, Leona tried to decide what to do.

Her four month period of pony-girl training must be nearly over and she would soon have the choice to leave and go back to the city and the life she had known before.

Which would mean going through all the boring, frustrating hassles of finding a new job…again…and an apartment to live in…again.

All on her own and without the daily routine and security…and rewards…of being the pony-girl she had worked so hard to become.

Or she could stay…with a job…an income…somewhere to live…and a lover if she wanted one…

### **EPILOGUE - Eighteen months later.**

The dusty four-by-four braked to a halt in front of the white-painted house and as two young women, both blonde and casually dressed in jeans and checked shirts, stepped out and looked around, their eyes were immediately drawn to the astonishing sight of the duo that waited to welcome them…or rather, to the second of the pair…

Standing straight and proud, with her reins gripped in her trainer's hand, the pony-girl's toned, lightly-tanned body glistened with a light sheen of sweat from exercise, sunshine reflecting in brilliant sparkles from the polished stainless steel and leather of her harness and the intricate tracery of the framework simultaneously confining and displaying her breasts.

Otherwise naked, with a collar around her throat, her arms securely bound behind her back, a bit-gag between her lips and a head-harness complete with a tall plume atop her shaven head, she was much taller than her trainer, but clearly under the trainer's complete control and subject to the whip carried by her smaller companion.

Proof of this, if the two young women needed any, was shown when with a tap of the whip on her naked back, the pony-girl extended her right leg forward and bowed from the waist in a deep curtsey to the newcomers, then resumed her position, a bell dangling from the arms of her bit-gag and two smaller versions from her ringed nipples tinkling musically as she greeted the new trainees.

Smiling, the trainer stepped forward to introduce herself and as she welcomed the two blondes and explained that Leona was the resident pony-girl and had undergone the same training that they were about to begin and would be demonstrating and assisting her with their training, the pair exchanged slightly-nervous glances, probably comparing the pony-girl's obvious fitness against their own and wondering about the levels of obedience and commitment they would be required to give.

Well aware of what they were thinking, Izzy gave them no time to change their minds, casually knotting the pony-girl's reins to a rail and then ushering the two girls into the house with the offer of cool drinks.

Tethered, Leona smiled behind her bit, confident that the next time she saw the pair, they would be naked, handcuffed, collared and fitted with steel bits, just as she had been.

Their four months of training would have begun and by the time it was over, they would know exactly what it took to be a pony-girl.

Fit, athletic, obedient and, hopefully, eager and willing to display and use their hard-earned skills for the pleasure and benefit of someone who would truly appreciate them.

Perhaps, if they were really lucky, even as permanent, full-time pony-girls with partners who would be both their lovers and their trainers, just as Izzy was Leona's.

Time would tell, but for the next four months they would have to work harder than they had ever imagined to reach the standard of performance and perfection that she would demonstrate and Izzy would demand from them.

By the end of each long day of training and after they accepted having to feed and sleep like a real pony, they would simply be grateful to be locked into their stalls to eat and rest, while she and Izzy would have a much more interesting and enjoyable activity in mind.

With the trainees settled, she and Izzy would go back to the house, where, depending on how playful and mischievous Izzy was feeling, Leona would either be freed of her harness, bit-gag and restraints to play a full part in their love-making, or she would be kept securely bound and unable to protest or even plead effectively while being mercilessly aroused and tormented until Izzy considered her to be sufficiently desperate to be allowed to orgasm.

The best orgasms of all, for Leona revelled in being helpless and at her lover's mercy, just as she adored being firmly under her control and required to obey the reins and the whip when she was being exercised or used to demonstrate the finer points of pony-girl training to new arrivals like the two blonde women.

Justifiably proud of her expertise, Leona knew she had become a superb pony-girl and earned her equal partnership in the business with Izzy…and the fact that her business partner was also her delightfully skilled and often thrillingly dominant lover, was a bonus that she was more than happy to accept.

And why not, for almost two years after first seeing the advertisement that had changed her whole world out of all recognition, Leona's pony-girl fantasy had become her daily reality and as far as she was concerned, life was perfect…
