---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/machine/storiesek/jane_becomes_livestock.html
subcategory: Devoured Stories
title: Jane Becomes Livestock
authors:
- Julien Sorel
tags:
- Machine/f
- bond
- pillory
- breast
- nipple
- bodymod
- hum
- nc
- X
date: 2009-06-17 00:00:00
---

Summary: Jane has fun on a Texas vacation until she gets too close to the machinery on a cattle ranch.
(Part of a series of cartoon-themed stories written for a real-life couple. - J.)

Jane arrived in Texas and was taken in a limousine to the ranch owned by the family of her new friend Sheila Dunson. She was met at the door of the palatial Dunson ranch house by Sheila and her sisters Shari and Susie, all attractive blondes in their 20s, all very friendly and hospitable.

The ranch house and the surrounding ranch were the girls' private playground. Jane was shocked at how little the sisters and their friends would wear when they went out in public. Maybe that was partly because the girls were rich and able to do whatever they wanted. But mostly it was about living in a society where being feminine and flirty and attractive was approved of and rewarded by everyone.

The first day, the sisters gave Jane a guided tour of the ranch, with the main tourist attractions being the cutest ranch hands. Jane was amazed at how Sheila and the others, dressed in less than Jane wore to bed, would flirt shamelessly with these cowboys, and how everybody seemed to be having a good time. At one point, a good-looking ranch hand gave Sheila's youngest sister Susie a hard, open-handed slap on the ass. Jane was scared that something bad was happening, but Susie just laughed uproariously and punched the ranch hand on the shoulder as hard as she could. Later in the car, Susie, still giggling, said, "Did you see what that Billy Turnbaugh did back there?"

"Was that okay with you?" asked Jane timidly.

"Oh, Billy's a good old boy," said Susie lightly.

Every time the girls made a pit stop at the house before heading out on a new adventure, Jane changed her wardrobe to something a little barer and flirtier, so as not to stand out. The sisters understood her fashion problem and were totally helpful, lending items from their closets. By evening, Jane was pretty much flaunting everything she had, and no one seemed to think it was forward or inappropriate. The local boys, who had been nice to Jane from the outset, became even more attentive as she got into the swing of West Texas fashion. Two guys tried to kiss her, and she let the second one do it. It all seemed so harmless, and nothing was going to happen to her when she was with Sheila and her sisters. And Kevin was thousands of miles away, and anyway, it was just good clean fun to flirt down here.

"So do you guys ever do anything besides have fun down here?" asked Jane as she and the sisters were driving from one bar to another. "Don't you ever have to milk the cows, or something?"

"I never milked a cow in my life," laughed Sheila.

"Nobody milks the cows anymore," said Shari, the oldest sister. "It's all automated now."

"Really?" said Jane.

"It cost Daddy a fortune, but it'll pay for itself in less than three years, what with all you save on labor costs," said Sheila. "That's what really kills you, labor."

"The new system does everything," said Shari. "All the guys have to do is put the new cows in the pen. It even cleans up after them."

"That's amazing," said Jane.

"Hand me over that can of beer, honey," said Susie, who was lying on a cushion on the floor of the limousine.

"You should go take a look at the cattle pens first thing in the morning. That's when the system processes the new cows," said Sheila to Jane. "I'll go with you if I can drag my lazy ass out of bed. It's a sight to see, until you get used to it."

"Do y'all use growth hormone on your cows?" asked Jane.

"Growth hormone, any hormone you can name, we use it, honey," said Sheila. "Those little ol' cows are so full of hormones that they sneeze milk."

"It's you Yankees who care about that organic stuff," said Shari. "We sell exclusively into this region. If it works, we use it." Jane may never have been called a Yankee before in her life, but she let it go.

"If Daddy ever runs out of cows, he'll just grow tits on the bulls and milk 'em," said Shari from the floor.

----

Still getting used to the new time zone, Jane was up at the crack of dawn. But all the other girls were deep in a drunken sleep. Jane decided to head out to the cow pens and see the automated system.

Jane left the house at 6:15 a.m., with the sun already shining bright. The ranch hands' work day had started at dawn, and Jane saw them in the distance, riding jeeps across the ranch's vast expanses. But the cow pens were only a ten-minute walk away, and the morning was so beautiful that Jane decided to go on foot. A day ago, she never would have believed the way she was dressed now. She had borrowed Shari Dunson's cowboy hat, which looked great on her. Her plaid button-down shirt was tied in a tight knot right below her plump breasts, pushing them up and exposing her midriff and half her rib cage. A bra had been out of the question, but she had knotted the shirt tightly enough to keep her bouncing to an attractive minimum. Yesterday she had taken a scissors to her denim cutoffs, and now the hem was so high that her ass cheeks bulged below the fabric with each step. On her feet she wore nothing - all the girls went barefoot around the ranch. That was her entire ensemble: 10% clothes, 90% skin.

On her way to the pen, two ranch hands she had met yesterday pulled up alongside her to chat. Jane found herself laughing more than usual, and drawing circles in the dust with her big toe while the guys called her "Darlin'" and flirted with her outrageously. At one point the driver let the tip of his finger dangle down into her cleavage and brush lightly against the insides of both her breasts. Jane just giggled and slapped his hand away, as she had seen the sisters do. She was having a blast.

When she arrived at her destination, Jane climbed up on the wooden railing around the pen and sat on the top rail to get a good look. She was giving a show herself, profiled against the sky, her back arched for balance, her bare legs kicking in the air. Some ranch hands beeped their horn at her as they drove by. She waved.

The action in the pen was as amazing as advertised. A bunch of cows were milling around in the pen, and above them a huge electronic apparatus with many moving parts was mounted on a grid of bars and girders. Giant racks of metal would descend from the grid and close gently around a particular cow's neck, making the cow look as if it were in a medieval pillory. Then the cow would be led by the pillory through the rest of the herd to the other end of the pen. At one point a truck loaded with new cows drove up, and ranch hands herded the cows into the pens, then drove away. The system seemed to know which cows were new, picking them out of the herd one at a time and leading them away.

Unfortunately, while leaning forward to try to see what was happening to the captured cows, Jane lost her balance and pitched forward into the pen.

Unhurt but splattered with mud, the dazed Jane staggered to her feet. Not a single piece of her skimpy clothing had survived the fall: her breasts were swinging free of her now-untied top, and the cutoffs had fallen to somewhere around her knees, taking her thong with them.

Before Jane had wiped the mud out of her face, a metal rack closed snugly around her neck!

Jane screamed, but the cows were making such a racket that she could barely hear herself. The rack locked together and pulled the bewildered girl forward, dragging her sliding through the mud. She was forced to kick off her shorts so she could trot along, bent over at the waist, all her most intimate secrets exposed as she was led to the other side of the pen.

Everything happened very quickly. First Jane was hosed with hot soapy water, then scrubbed from front to back with stiff-bristled brushes that left her glowing a bright pink. Then Jane's right ass cheek was coated with thick, creamy foam, and a set of clippers shaved a perfect six-inch circle on her ass, not that she had any hair there to shave. Instantly the end of a long metal tube made contact with Jane in the place where she had been shaved. Then something hit her in the ass with an impact that made her cry out in shock. When the tube was removed, Jane's ass cheek was marked with the Dunson ranch brand. The ranch had long ago stopped burning brands into animals: instead it used a dye that was injected into the animal's hide. In any case, Jane was now permanently marked as the property of the Dunson ranch.

Jane's screams and protests were drowned out by the deafening lowing of the cattle around her. She did not see the large syringe of green fluid that approached her from behind, but she certainly felt it when the entire contents of the syringe were injected into her ass.

"No! Oh, no! Ohhh...." Jane suddenly felt very dizzy, and her eyes went hazy.

Washed down, branded, and dosed with hormones intended for a much larger animal, Jane was led forward by the pillory, her back parallel to the ground, her arms hanging limply, her breasts dangling beneath her. Since the injection, she was having trouble focusing on what was happening to her.

In a shelter behind the pens, Jane was placed at the end of a line of cows, standing side by side, each in their own wooden stall. A thick leather collar was locked around Jane's neck, and four sturdy plastic ties were fastened from the collar to each corner of the stall's wooden frame. Then the pillory detached from Jane and moved away, leaving the groggy girl bent over and suspended by the ties.

Two long plastic cups, attached to plastic tubing, approached Jane from below, located her dangling nipples, then attached to them with a sudden burst of vacuum suction. Jane moaned with the impact, even though she was only half conscious. An electronic system below Jane was activated, a bell rang, and Jane felt a long, violent tug on her left nipple. "Owww...." she said, only to feel a feeding tube snake down her throat as she opened her mouth. While Jane was trying to dislodge it, the feeding tube began to vibrate, and a grainy feed mixture oozed down her throat and into her stomach. Then her right nipple was yanked hard and steady, just as her left one had been. It hurt, but there was some other unidentifiable feeling mixed in with the pain. In fact, her whole chest felt very strange....

The moving pillory deposited another cow in the stall to Jane's right. Now she was wedged between two cows, in the middle of a growing line. The only way to spot her amid her much bigger neighbors was to walk right up to her stall. Jane's left nipple was pulled again, but this time there was less pain, and more of that strange tingle she had never felt before. Overloaded with sensations, Jane's brain shut down, and she fell asleep standing up.

---

The Dunson sisters slept very late, woke up hung over, and eventually wondered where Jane was. Slowly and painfully they roused themselves and drove to the cattle pen, carrying their morning coffee with them. They fanned out to search the entire area.

"OH...MY...GOD..." they heard Susie exclaim from the stalls. The sisters gathered and stared open-mouthed at Jane, naked and tethered among the milk cows.

"I told Daddy he needed to microchip the cows by hand!" said Shari. "He is so stubborn!"

"This is terrible!" said Sheila. "What are we going to do?"

Jane looked up at Sheila with heavy-lidded eyes. Then she looked away. It wasn't clear that she was aware of them.

"Look at the size of those titties," said Susie in awe. Jane's breasts were larger than before - much, much larger. Each one jiggled wildly when the milking machine exerted its vacuum pressure, then bounced lightly a few times before hanging still. A stream of Jane's milk moved through the clear tubing with each pull.

"Let's take her down," said Sheila.

"Wait a minute," said Shari.

"What do you mean, wait a minute?" said Sheila.

"So what do we do with her if we take her down?" asked Shari.

"We've got our brand on her," said Susie, who had walked around to look at Jane's hind quarters.

"Do we send her back to her boyfriend and say,'Oh, sorry, we turned your girlfriend into a cow'?" said Shari.

Sheila was silent. Susie was checking Jane's output. "Two and a half quarts," she said. "Projected daily output eight and a half quarts." Jane made a little noise, but with the feeding tube down her throat it came out sounding like a moo.

"Well, we can't just keep her here," said Sheila. "She was my friend."

"I didn't say we should keep her here," said Shari. "We just need to think about it a while."

"We already have our brand on her," said Susie. "Maybe the lawyers can do something with that."

"Will you please shut up, Susie?" yelled Sheila.

"Eight and a half quarts is a lot of milk," shrugged Susie.

"Come on, Sheila," said Shari. "Let's not do anything rash. Let's go back to the house, and I'll make us some pancakes, and we'll weigh all the pros and cons. She'll be okay here. The system is looking after her."

"Well...all right," said Sheila.

Shari put her arm around Sheila comfortingly, and the two walked back to the car. Susie gingerly poked Jane in the tit once or twice, curious to see what she felt like. Then she followed her sisters. Tethered in her stall, Jane made an "mmmm" noise and shook back and forth, but the plastic ties held her firmly in place. The sucking pulls on her nipples were so painful that she couldn't understand how they were making her come....

The End
