---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiessz/summer_nights_torture.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Summer Nights Torture
authors:
- IronHawk
tags:
- n/a
---

A
SUMMER NIGHT’S TORTURE

This story is intended for
the entertainment of open-minded adults only.  If you are easily offended,
stop reading now.  This story may be posted and distributed freely,
provided that this statement is attached.  The author retains all
rights of ownership.

 My plans were done, designed weeks in advance.  I have practiced
self-bondage ever since I was a 5 year-old boy and, as I got older, the
scenes just got more and more intricate.  This time, I was going to
be locked outside for most of the night, and if I didn’t recover the keys
by dawn, I’d have to stay outside all day in the most compromising of positions!

 Like other contributors to this website, I first had to prepare
everything for that night.  My first task was to rig my escape mechanism. 
I took an empty, plastic, two-liter soda bottle and removed the label. 
I filled it one-third full with water and put it in the freezer. 
One end of a five-foot length of string was tied around the bottle’s neck,
while the other end was tied to a key.  Later on that day, when the
water had frozen, I dropped the key and as much string as possible into
the bottle, centering the key in the middle of the ice at the bottom of
the bottle.  I slowly added water until the container was about half
full and then returned it to the freezer.  Throughout the day, I added
water, one inch at a time, until the container was a solid block of ice
with a single key suspended in it, like a prehistoric bug in amber. 
I then inserted a screw into the bottom of the bottle and tied a short
loop of string to it, in order to hang the bottle upside down.  This
was going to be good…

 I had taken the day off (Friday) so I had the whole day to prepare
and coordinate that night’s scene.  This included mowing the yard,
clearing it of debris, and checking it to see if there was anything that
could be used tonight to “cheat” myself of the ordeal.  It’s a large
backyard that is fenced for privacy and the landscaping is wonderful. 
Many would see the bridge over the koi pond under a giant shade tree, a
child’s playground, a covered and lighted barbeque area, and a Jacuzzi
(among other things) but I saw an outdoor self-bondage dungeon limited
only by my imagination.  I wondered what it was about self-bondage
enthusiasts that make us do this to ourselves.  Even if we had willing
partners, would that be the same as devising the perfect scene?  I
doubted it.  Part of the game is the planning.

  With the yard taken care of and all the toys in place, it was
now time to prepare myself.  I ran five miles and added an extra ten
pounds to my dumbbells, nearly exhausting my muscles.  Fatiguing my
body was part of the plan as it would make relatively easy tasks much harder
later.  Although fairly hungry by this time, I denied myself any food,
as this could also cause a problem later.  Instead, I took a long,
hot shower and trimmed my pubic hair.  When I turned 30 a couple of
years ago, I vowed to be in the best shape of my life.  Months of
cross-training gave me a lean body that has turned many heads, unlike my
nerdy high school and college days.

 At 9:00 pm, it was time for my punishment to begin.  My mind
slipped into a fantasy mode that transmuted the world around me. 
In this place, a tall, dark-haired Dominatrix appeared, Her long legs and
firm, tan body a rival to my own.  While we both knew that I was the
stronger individual, the truth was that she wielded The Power, The Power
to control me and do as she wished.  She ordered me to strip, which
I did with a deep personal shame and embarrassment.  I stood to my
full frame of 5’10” and 180 pounds but could only look at the ground. 
She walked around me, inspecting me, and with a slight smile, approved
of what she saw.  I was immaculately showered and shaved.  She
then asked, “Are you ready for your punishment, slave?”
 “Yes, ma’am,” was my reply.
 “Good.  It’s now time to clean your insides.”  She
walked outside and I followed…

 I proceeded to administer an enema to myself by kneeling on the
concrete patio slab, tilting my ass up into the air and receiving the whole
half gallon of water.  While in this position, I massaged my abdomen
to relax and mix it all up.  “Now, hold it for ten minutes and if
you spill a drop, you’re going to be VERY sorry.  It’s about time
that you learned some discipline,” I heard my dark mistress say. 
I had a kitchen timer and set it for ten minutes.  I spent the time
mostly on my back to ease the pressure but when the timer rang, I rushed
to a far corner of the yard and expelled the enema.

 I returned to the patio and refilled the enema bag from the faucet
outside.  I then lay upon my back, lifted my legs high in the air,
and gave myself another enema in this position.  I returned to that
corner of the yard and expelled the second enema, only to return to the
patio again.  The words, “I demand that my slave be absolutely and
thoroughly clean,” rang in my head.

 The third enema was taken as I lay upon my left side and the fourth
was taken with my ass high in the air again.  Once done, I returned
inside to make my final preparations.  In a couple of minutes, I was
done, but spent fifteen minutes watching my favorite BDSM video. 
This recharged my mood but also gave my body time to evacuate the last
of the enema in my colon, that liquid that had reached high into my innards. 
I soon had to go again and, after a quick trip to the corner of the yard,
I took one small and final enema for good measure.  “You pick your
position,” I heard my Dominatrix say, laughing.

 With a slight tremble of apprehension, I returned to the back
door and, before losing my nerve, I locked the door.  I was now locked
out of my house, naked.  I quickly moved over to the Jacuzzi and stepped
on the hard cover.  It was 6’ by 6’ square, about 3’ off the ground,
and served quite well as a pedestal.  I lit the sixty votive candles
that lined the edges and stepped onto the pedestal.  I basked in the
light of the midnight moon and candle flames.

 Once again, I found myself kneeling with my ass high in the air,
waiting to receive my Dominatrix’s cruel but just punishment.  I reached
for a 25 cc syringe (minus the needle) containing lubricant and ejected
a small dab on my asshole.  I groaned slightly and clenched because
the lubricant had been microwaved and was still quite hot.  “You know
you love it, slave!  Now shut up and take it!”

 The syringe was slowly pushed into my rectum, the heat enough
to make me squirm.  It was like being skewered with a red-hot poker. 
Slowly, I pressed on the plunger, shooting the hot lube into my ass. 
My feet kicked at the Jacuzzi cover in pain.  The syringe was removed
and after a moment, I touched the tip of a large butt plug to my anus. 
My heart clenched with apprehension and I slowly pushed the large intruder
into my body.  My outer sphincter was being violated and soon, the
intruder reached the inner ring of muscle.  My asshole gaped open
to receive the big black probe but the inner sphincter wouldn’t open. 
With a little relaxation, the large latex object nestled deep in my body,
my asshole clamping down on the neck of the butt plug.  “Good slave! 
Now stand up.”

 I rose to my feet and secured a chain harness of my own fashioning
around my waist.  It consists of a 26” length of chain with large
links that almost goes completely around my 32” waist.  Because it’s
too short, the ends of the chain wind up in front of the bony flares of
my hips.  A 9” length of chain with small links is connected to the
waist chain at the small of my back.  The small chain is pulled deep
into the crack of my ass, down to the perianal space (the region between
the anus and the genitals), where it then splits into two 16” lengths of
chain of the same link size.  Both chains come back up my body, passing
on either side of my penis and testicles, where it threads through the
large links of the ends of the waist chain.  The free ends of the
small chain are then brought together, right under my navel, and secured
tightly with a single lock.  In short, it looks like a chain thong
without the panel in front.  The steely and final click of the lock
in the night air caused me to thrill exquisitely, for I did not have the
key; I had mailed one of the keys to myself and since it was Friday, I
would not see that key until Saturday afternoon, at least twelve hours
away!  As a precaution, a back-up was mailed yesterday to my post
office box several miles away, meaning it should be in there right now. 
“Should be” were the operative words, but it was the edge of uncertainty
that made it all so intoxicating.

 “On your back, slave, and spread your legs!” came my next order. 
I did as instructed and 13 clothespins were attached to my scrotum. 
Six of the clothespins had a string attached to them of slightly different
lengths, between six and nine inches long.  The free ends of the string
were all tied together to a single metal ring, to be used later. 
This left seven of the clothespins free.

 Next, I donned my leather ankle cuffs and secured a 12” chain
to them, hobbling my steps.  The key for these locks were in the deepest
part of the house.  I should mention now that the anal plug has an
eyebolt ring that protrudes from the base and that the eyebolt ring was
passed through one of the links of the chain harness that ran through the
crack of my ass, before a lock was run through the eyebolt  The key
to this lock was also in the mail, meaning that the butt plug could not
be removed at all without the keys.  Another lock was run through
the eyebolt, connecting an 18” long chain to the butt plug.  It was
now like having a chain tail, locked to the butt plug that was deep in
my ass.  I got an erotic charge from the feeling of the two locks
trapped between my cheeks.  The other end of this second chain was
locked to the middle of the 12” hobble chain.  The key to these locks
were also deep in the house.  The lengths of chain were not long enough
to let me straighten my legs, and in order to walk, I had to squat even
lower.  This was very tiring on my legs (remember, I had run five
miles earlier that day) and painful to endure, but endure it I’d have to,
for there was no other way to get out of the ordeal I was about to subject
myself to.  To add to my torment, the movement would cause a jerking
on the chain attached to the anal plug, acting as a constant reminder to
me of its intrusive presence.

 The 4” leather posture collar came next, which has a red ball
gag attached.  Once on, it would be impossible to remove without hands. 
The ball gag slipped behind my teeth and, once secured, I would be unable
to call for help.  Given my particular circumstances, however, I’m
not sure that I would even if I could.
 I was almost finished.  I took a 6” chain and counted to
the middle link.  I passed another lock through the middle link and
then through a link on my chain harness, at the small of my back. 
The free ends of the chain were left to dangle for now.  “Now, slave,
comes your punishment!  Follow me!”

 With hobbled steps, I walked to another corner of the large yard,
where I followed a dark alley behind the garage, a space about 4’ wide
and 30’ deep.  I walked all the way to the end and kneeled in front
of a fencepost, where my torture awaited.  I took the Japanese clover
clamps (the kind that bite harder when pulled upon) and placed one on each
nipple.  The chain that joined them was secured to the top of the
fencepost by a piece of string and an ice cube.  This way, I could
not leave the dark alley until the ice had freed my clamps, unless I didn’t
have any use for my nipples anymore.  I figured this would take about
an hour.  The metal ring dangling from several of the clothespins
on my scrotum was then connected to a snap hook screwed to the fencepost. 
Thus, I would have to wait until the ice released my clamps in order for
me to hobble out of the alley, but in doing so, six of the clothespins
on my scrotum would be ripped off, one at a time.  This left the seven
remaining clothespins to continue their painful attack.  Since escape
wouldn’t come for about an hour, the pain from all of the clothespins would
have lessened some, but then come raging back with a vengeance.  To
make matters worse, no matter how painful it was later, it was a pain I’d
HAVE to endure in order to get to my house key, to get into my house, and
to get out of most of my restraints!  As an added measure, I chose
this particular part of the yard because it was laid over entirely in river
stones.  These stones, each about 4” across, were extremely uncomfortable
to kneel upon.

 With hands shaking from excitement, I put the leather wrist cuffs
on and locked them to the free ends of the 6” chain behind my back, before
I could think about how preposterous my scheme was.  I was now in
a predicament of my own design, one that would take hours to get out of,
maybe even days, depending on the Postal Service!
 My Dominatrix rattled off a litany of crimes that I’d committed,
all of them false, of course.  “Deny these charges, if you dare!”
she sneered.  “Mmmmph,” was my only reply.  “I didn’t think so,
slave.  Now, suffer until dawn!  I hope you learn your lesson
this time!”

 I knelt in the darkness, the summer heat causing me to start to
drip with sweat.  I had not foreseen how erotic a drop of sweat running
slowly down my back could be.  By the time the drop finished its murderous
route down my back, a second one started…  My forehead, on the other
hand, was a fountain of salty fluid, the sweat falling off of my face and
dripping onto my genitals.  The thirteen clothespins on my scrotum
made my balls look like a porcupine of wood and spring metal.  This
caused me to splay my legs, denying me any amount of modesty.  I did
not think I could take any more, so I tested my bonds, sliding backwards
in the alley, but the stabbing pains in my chest caused me to rethink this. 
My self-bondage and self-torture were perfect.  I couldn’t even sit
on my heels.  Although the clothespins had dulled to a pulsing ache,
I had no choice but to continue to suffer.  Before too long, I had
to shift my position, because the pain from kneeling on the stones got
to be too great.  The combination of bondage, heat, sweat, clothespins,
nipple clamps, butt plug, and kneeling caused me a great deal of agony. 
The only things that could possibly make this worse was the fact that I
had done this to myself, and that there was no escape.  Time passed
slowly under the stars that night, as I was left to contemplate my sins. 
The words, “In sub-space, no one can hear you scream,” echoed through my
head.

 When the ice finally released the chain connecting the clover
clamps on my nipples, I scooted backwards on my aching shins out of the
alley.  I didn’t have to go far before the clothespins on my scrotum
pulled taut.  I was less than a foot from the fencepost, making turning
around impossible.  The only way to get to the keys that released
me was to continue scooting backwards and let them rip off my body, one
by one.  To make matters worse, I knew that once the clothespins were
taken off, the subsequent pain of blood circulation and nerve re-activation
would be excruciating.  However, I didn’t have a choice in the matter. 
With one small scoot backwards, the first clothespin ripped off of my body. 
It took about one whole second before the pain reached my brain, after
which, I moaned into my gag.  Five more to go!  The sound of
clothespins snapping off one by one was like a broken popcorn popper that
popped one kernel at a time.

 After the echo of the last clothespin’s pain subsided, I got slowly
to my feet.  I was crouched and took a tentative step.  The hobble
chain pulled taut and, as I tried to stand up to gain my balance, the chain
connecting the hobble chain to my anal plug snapped straight, almost yanking
it out if it were not for the chain harness.  I toppled over into
the grass, the nipple clamps jangling noisily and firing stars into my
clenched eyes.  My Dominatrix laughed from a window inside the house
before taking a sip of wine.

 When the tide of pain subsided, I tried to stand again, only slower
this time.  I found the new posture afforded to me by my bonds and
made my way slowly to the kids’ playhouse.  Very, very slowly, in
fact.  Because of the limited stretch of my legs, I found myself resting
often.  I estimate the trek took me half an hour to go about 50 feet.

 The kids’ playhouse was present when I bought the house. 
Constructed entirely of wood, it started with a sandbox, about 5’x5’ square,
which was covered by a flat platform about six feet off the ground. 
A wide, deck-like stairway led up to the top of the platform, which was
covered by a pointed roof, giving it a fort-like appearance.  Finally,
a giant slide brought you from the “fort” back down to earth.  I made
my way very carefully up the stairs to the “fort”.  I looked up at
the underside of the roof and could see the empty two-liter bottle hanging
upside-down.  It was still quite full.  I exhorted my disappointment
through my nose.  My breaths were ragged due to my aching nipples. 
I was hoping that the melting would have been faster due to the summer
night heat, but at its current rate, I was going to have to wait for at
least another two hours!  I had deliberately not tested how long it
would take for the key to drop, as I wanted the time of my release to be
an factor unknown to me.

 My cards having been dealt, I lay on my back and looked out at
the stars.  From my high vantage point, I could see into my neighbor’s
yard, which also meant that I could be seen.  This was a risk, but
being well past midnight by now, I figured it was a low one.  The
lighting was low here but if it were daylight, I’d be a beacon of B&D/S&M. 
“Are you enjoying yourself, slave?  Say, ‘Mmmph!’ for me if you are!”

 I was alone with my thoughts and it was here that the seeds of
psychological torment that I had planted finally came to bear fruit. 
Would the key to my chain harness be mailed today?  If not, I’d either
have to wait until Monday to get it (which would also mean taking Monday
off, too, unless I wanted to go to work trapped in my device) or put clothes
on over my device and drive out to the post office box.  But what
if the spare key isn’t there, either?  THAT would mean I’d be trapped
in my harness for two days!  I wouldn’t be able to eat because I couldn’t
go to the bathroom.  What would such a long period of time do to my
poor stretched asshole?!?  I imagined never sitting on a barstool
again for fear of it disappearing up my ass!  Despite such grim ideas,
a new pain arose from my groin, this time from a throbbing erection.

 Part of the reason for leaving some of the clothespins on my scrotum
was to prevent me from rolling over onto my stomach and masturbating at
any point.  This was a good thing, as I almost certainly would have
done so right then and there, with nothing else to do.  The fact that
the clothespins continued to torment me was also a delightful stimulus.

 I could have fallen asleep out there, if it were not for the continued
nagging ache in my nipples.  I thought about my next session, how
I might use regular clothespins on my nipples and tie them to the fencepost
so that I’d have to yank them off, like the ones that were on my scrotum. 
Or maybe I would go to work on Monday, still trapped in my chain harness,
and mail the key there?  Or maybe I’d stash the key at some 24-hour
store, forcing me to go in to recover the means to my freedom?  While
these ideas were gleaned from other self-bondage stories that I’d read
on the Internet, the possibility of experiencing the reality made my heart
pound.

 After some interminable period, I heard the key fall.  My
muscles had turned stiff in my restricted position, so sliding over to
the key was easier said than done at first.  It was a good thing that
I tied the key to a piece of string, because the key had bounced and slipped
between posts of the guardrail, which meant that I’d have to go find it
in the grass!  Once I had the key, however, it was a relatively easy
task to insert the key into the lock that held my wrist chain to my chain
harness.  With the lock opened, my arms now had more range of motion,
although they were still bound behind my back.  Still, success in
the next leg of my ordeal depended on being able to lift my arms.

 I didn’t dare go back down the steps, as I might tumble down them. 
As with so many other ordeals this night, the slide was going to be no
different.  It had been lightly oiled earlier and anything going down
it would go fast, especially if it was naked.  I had decided that
I’d go down on my side and feet first.  The plan, though, didn’t include
landing on my shins so hard that the clothespins on my scrotum took a sharp
jab, or how, in flinching from the pain, I’d twist my body only to pull
all of my restraints tight and land on my chest and my clamped nipples. 
A scream died in my ball gag.  Once I could open my eyes again, I
made my way to the backyard gate.  Here was the greatest exposure
I faced in my predicament: I had to get to the mailbox and reach in to
get the house key.  Without the house key, I was damned to remain
outside until the following nightfall, naked, bound, gagged, plugged, and
clamped!  I had also made a point to close any shades or curtains
in the house so that I would never know what time it was.  If I were
trapped outside for another day, I’d have no way of knowing, once darkness
fell, whether it was late enough to expect my neighbors to be asleep or
not.  I would not be able to accurately judge whether it was 9 pm
or 3 am.  Based on the darkness of the sky, I figured it was still
well before dawn, maybe about 4 am or so.  If I was wrong, though,
and happened across one of my neighbors out on his or her early morning
stroll, I’d be discovered.  My ground speed was limited to very tiny
steps and there was about 50 yards of driveway between the house and the
mailbox.  Although the street was unlit, I could make out trees and
other houses from the moonlight, so I had no illusion of how much cover
I’d have.  Knowing that every passing minute could condemn me to a
whole day this way, I took a careful look around before starting the long
trek to the mailbox.

 As I hopped/walked, I knew I’d never make the trip to the mailbox
again without remembering this night.  How many times had I made this
trip, without a thought as to how far it really was?  In my haste,
the unthinkable happened: I tripped.  Again, the sudden kicking of
my legs translated to the sudden tugging on the massive object in my ass. 
This paled in comparison to the twisting of the nipple clamps, which felt
like two hot little coals sizzling on my chest now.  I recovered quickly
(I had no choice) and continued towards the mailbox.  Once there,
I stepped onto the street in front of it and bent over so that my cuffed
hands could reach up and pull down the door.  I then took a step backwards
so that I could reach deep inside to retrieve the key.  Once the house
key was in my hand, I wasted no time in heading back for cover.  My
eyes and ears were peeled for motion and/or sound and, while I saw or heard
none, it still felt like I was the main attraction at a circus.

 I finally reached the backyard again.  My heart was beating
wildly; I was definitely going to keep this element in my next scene! 
What a rush!  I inserted the key into the backdoor and, turning the
knob, was greeted by a blast of cold air.  By comparison, it was an
easy trek to the farthest point in the house to get the keys to all the
locks except one: the one that kept the latex intruder deeply buried in
my ass.  And that one was either 30 miles or one day away…

EPILOGUE

 I first unlocked the leather cuffs that held my hands together
behind my back.  I flexed and stretched, as spending so many hours
in one position had caused my arms to ache.  Next, I unlocked the
leather cuffs on my feet, thus allowing me to stretch and flex my legs. 
Another key released the 18” chain from my butt plug.  A fourth and
final key separated that chain from the 12” hobble chain.  It felt
good to be able to move my limbs again.  The posture collar and ball
gag were next, where I massaged my jaw.  Finally, I steeled myself
and gingerly removed the nipple clamps, which drew a cry from my throat. 
When I regained my breath, I gingerly removed the clothespins on my scrotum. 
I tenderly massaged my nipples and sac back to life.  “I hope you
learned your lesson, slave.  You have almost eight hours before the
mail arrives.  You may sleep, but not until you clean yourself up
first!” my mistress barked.

 I looked at myself in the light and I was covered in grass clippings
and dirt.  She was right, I could not go to bed like this.  “Where
do you think you’re going?” she demanded, as I headed towards the bathroom. 
She jerked a thumb towards the backyard.

 I now faced the final act of my play.  I took a bar of soap,
a washcloth, and a bottle of shampoo and walked into the night air once
again.  The click of my Mistress’s heels clicked behind me, a leering
smirk on Her face.  I headed towards the barbeque/picnic area, just
off of the patio space.  It was covered and held up by posts at the
corners, with a trellis walling up one side.  It was lighted and,
with the furniture removed, became my shower area.  I reached over
to turn on the light and I was awash in light.  Suddenly, I became
extremely conscious of my nudity.  Next, I turned on the water faucet
and a garden hose jerked to life.  The hose led to the trellis, where
a nozzle tied to the trellis began to pelt the concrete slab with water,
under a stark bright light.  With a sharp intake of breath, I jumped
under the frigid shower.  My mistress watched on and laughed as I
danced under the cold water, trying to cover myself under the bright light. 
I quickly set about washing my hair and body, keenly aware that the sky
was growing lighter.  What a sight I would be for my neighbors, an
athletic man wearing a chain device, showering outside under a garden hose! 
I continued and carefully cleaned around the chain harness and butt plug. 
My humiliation was now complete.

 My dark Dominatrix continued to watch me, knowing too that I was
under Her Control.  Unlike the rest of my scene, this part was voluntary. 
There was no escape or release involved.  I could have chickened out
but really, the choice wasn’t mine.  I was Hers.
 And someday, She’ll be Mine.

I hope that you enjoyed this true account.  In actuality, I switch
between Dominant and submissive roles, but my imagination comes into play
both ways.  E-mail me at Tao\_Master@yahoo.com with your comments,
suggestions, or ideas.
