---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/ignacios_heaven.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Ignacio’s Heaven
authors:
- Abrank
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- cons
- X
---

Ignacio was at the point of death. 
The doctor had said that he would not last the night, but privately thought
that the end would come within the hour.

The few family members, and even
fewer friends, who had visited him during the previous weeks were not as
concerned about his health or welfare as they were about the contents of his
will.  He had not done much with his life; he had inherited a fortune from
his grandfather but had lived most of his years as a miser and a recluse. 
He was reputed to be very wealthy; people thought that his grandfather’s
money must have multiplied since he seemed to have spent so little, his only
indulgence being an occasional prostitute.  He would have had more, but they
seldom expressed any desire to return after their first visit.

The two men seated at his bedside,
both of them his nephews, speculated to themselves about the provisions of
his will; who would get the house, and who would inherit the Picassos he was
rumored to own.

o-o-O-o-o

Ignacio was young again.  After the
pain and suffering of the last few months, youth felt like a doubly
bountiful gift.  He knew he was dead, this was no dream he was living; it
was a life rich with sensation.  He had wondered, as he lay dying, about the
afterlife; whether consciousness continued after death, whether there was a
heaven and a hell.  Now he knew.

He was in his Italian villa.  It was
the one he had always planned to build but never quite had the energy to
accomplish.  But here it was, complete with gleaming white marble interior
and lush carpets.  Not a classic villa, far from it, but one well suited to
his sexual passions.

As he descended the curved grand
staircase he could see her standing in the foyer, the girl of his dreams. 
She was tall and slender, her long legs accentuated by her high heels and
short skirt.  Her hair was jet black and cut short in an almost masculine
style.  Her face was square with a wide jaw, but her complexion was flawless
and her mouth perfect.  Her breasts were small, only slightly disturbing the
elegant folds of her draped top that accentuated her narrow waist.

She waited for him, not moving, not
even smiling.  But she was so beautiful she did not need to smile.  He
reached for her hands and gently pulled them behind her back.  She did not
resist.  He picked up the handcuffs from the inlaid table and closed them
around her wrists.  As they tightened the ratcheting clicks seemed to echo
around the decorated marble walls.  This sound, and the thought that soon he
would be fucking her, aroused him, sped up his heart and raised his penis
into a rigid erection.  He briefly dropped his hand to the front of his
pants, he could scarcely believe how large and hard he had become; he had
not had such an erection in years.

He decided to make love to her on
his master bed.  But it was so soft he thought she would feel no pain lying
on her bound hands as he satisfied his passion deep inside her.  He wanted
her to experience something more intense.  So he took a length of white
nylon rope from a drawer in the table, threaded it under her elbows and
pulled the ends back.

He could smell her perfume, faint
and elusive, like a sexually scented body odor, almost aphrodisiacal in its
effect.

He slowly tightened the rope,
wanting to see how she reacted, and whether he could pull her arms all the
way back until her elbows touched.  As he drew them closer together she
finally acknowledged his presence; she looked at him and smiled.  Her smile
seemed to indicate that she knew what he was doing and did not object.  So
he continued to tighten the rope till her elbows touched, and then pulled it
even tighter before wrapping several turns around her arms and securing them
with a neat knot.

He held her now helpless body and
ran a hand down her front, feeling the hard nubs of her nipples beneath her
top.  He was tempted to kiss her, but her makeup was so immaculate that it
seemed like a sacrilege to mar its perfection.

“Walk around the foyer,” he
commanded, and she dutifully obeyed.  As he watched, he became even more
aroused.  The elegance of her walk, the sexy way she stepped in her high
heeled shoes, and the awkwardness imposed on her gait by her bound arms were
all very erotic.  As was her complete obedience.

He thought that after he fucked her
in her vagina he would fuck her in her mouth and then in her ass.  He knew
she would not object.  After all, he was in heaven and all the amenities of
this wonderful afterlife were at his disposal. 

After she had circled around the
foyer she stood in front of him with an expectant look on her face, waiting
patiently for his next command.

“Follow me,” he said and began to
ascend the stairs towards his bedroom.  She followed, her shoes making a
loud clacking sound on the marble steps.

He walked along the corridor past
the empty niches where his paintings should have been hanging, and stopped
outside an elaborately carved and gilded door.  “In here,” he said, opening
the door and indicating she should precede him.

As she moved ahead of him into the
bedroom, his eye was attracted to her curvaceous rear end and her
tantalizingly short skirt.  He wondered what she was wearing beneath it.  He
decided she would be wearing nothing so that he could simply push her back
onto the bed and enter her.  There would be no obstacle, not even dryness. 
She would be wet and ready to receive him, to engulf his swollen penis in
her tight cunt and bring him rapidly to a glorious climax.

o-o-O-o-o

“He is gone,” the doctor said,
pulling the sheet up over Ignacio’s head.  “His suffering is ended, his soul
is now in the hands of God.”

The two nephews stood up.  “Thank
you doctor,” the older one said, “for all you have done.”

The doctor nodded.  “We did our
best.  There was nothing more we could have done.”

The nephews left the room, and the
doctor looked at his watch to note the time of death.

o-o-O-o-o

The girl stopped in front of the
bed.  Ignacio moved up close behind her, took her shoulders and gently
turned her round so that she was facing him.  Before pushing her down onto
the bed, he decided to satisfy his curiosity.  Was she wearing panties or
not, was she hairy or shaved?  He grasped the hem of her skirt and as he did
so looked straight into her eyes, which were level with his, wanting to
observe her reaction.  As he lifted her skirt he felt something touch his
hands.  She smiled, her expression becoming one of amusement.  He looked
down to see what his hand had encountered and was surprised to see a penis. 
But it was no ordinary penis.  It was hard and stiff, almost metallic.  Its
end was pointed and there were backward facing barbs around the head.  The
curved shaft had been pressed up against her belly, but had dropped as he
lifted her skirt.  Her scrotum, positioned high up between her thin thighs,
was black and shiny and appeared to hold two hard balls.  He thought at
first she was wearing some kind of dildo, but quickly became convinced that
the penis and balls were genuine.  She was a he!

Ignacio looked back up at her face
in horror and as he did so her smile became broader and her mouth opened.  A
forked tongue slid out between her lips and she said, in a hoarse basso
profundo voice that sent chills deep into his soul, “Bend over, you
worthless scum.  I’ve a mind to satisfy my desire in your virgin ass.”

Ignacio did not move, he was stunned
by the revelation that the girl had a penis, but also did not see why he
should obey this skinny and helpless hermaphrodite.

The girl shrugged her shoulders and
brought her arms round to her front, snapping the rope and the links of the
handcuffs as if they were made of spaghetti.  Ignacio noticed that the
girl’s elegantly manicured fingernails had become claws.

“No you are not dreaming,” she said
as the thought entered his mind.  “Welcome to Hell.  Now turn round and bend
over before I fuck you in your belly.”

Ignacio turned round and was bending
down when he felt the sharp tip of her penis rip through his pants and enter
his ass.  His mind filled with dread as he realized the implications of the
backward facing spines.
