---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Part-Time Equine
authors:
- ForeverAltered
tags:
- FF
- fpov
- ponygirl
- latex
- harness
- gag
- cons
- X
date: 2026-02-07 00:00:00
---

### Part 21

“Hello, you’re through to Heather.” Her voice crackled through the speaker on my phone, “I’m sorry I’ve missed your call, but leave a message after the beep and I promise I’ll get back to you as soon as I can. Thank you.”

It was another hot day. After a morning of work and looking after the girls, I decided to take a short break and take shelter inside a bush overlooking the bottom of the stables. The cool leaves that covered my body were a relief against the unrelenting, burning sun. The phone beeped, allowing me to answer the message from my friend.

“Hi Heather. I hope you are well?” My voice was dry, “I noticed the phone didn’t ring at all, so that must mean your phone is off. I want to apologise for the countless messages and voicemails I have left you, I can’t even remember how many I have left now. I… I just imagined you would have contacted us in some way, but we haven’t heard anything from you.

“Do you need a phone charger? I can send one down to you if you would like? Well… if you needed one, you won’t be able to get in touch to tell us… will you?”

I switched hands, taking the phone from my right to my left as I pushed myself deeper into the bush.

I groaned as I continued, “Is the weather this hot down where you are? I can barely think in this heat. I don’t even think it has rained since you left, you must have taken it all with you.”

I laughed lightly, wiping my soaked forehead with the back of my hand, “I just wanted to make sure you were okay. Jade is getting better, she managed to say three words to me yesterday, which is three more words more than she usually says.

“I’ve told you about Lorelai, haven’t I? She’s now getting used to the attire and has become a very sociable member of the group. I really hope you don’t mind her wearing your summer outfit, it suits her. Well, all the girls are in their summer costumes, it’s far too hot for anything else. There are so many legs on show.”

I chuckled again.

My tongue travelled over my lips, both trying to bring some moisture to my dry mouth and to try and think of what else to bring to this one-sided conversation, “Saffron and Abigail are looking into booking another weekend break. They haven’t said anything, but I can tell they wanted to bring you along again, I think they might be waiting until you get back to go.

“You’ll have so many social events to go to when you come back, I think everyone will want their time alone with you… aren’t you a lucky one?”

Another awkward moment of silence came, “I… I just want to know if you are okay. Will you be able to contact one of us soon? Doesn’t have to be me, doesn’t have to be Jade… just one of us; please? We don’t mind if it’s a voicemail or even just a text, just… something.”

I took my phone from my ear, staring at the screen with her name at the top and the red, ‘hang up’ button at the bottom, with no more words to say, I placed my thumb over the red circle and pressed the screen, ending the call. It felt like a defeat each time I couldn’t get through to my friend. At first, there seemed to be some form of hope when we could hear the call ringing her phone within a couple of days of her leaving, but it would never be answered.

Since then, any call to her went directly to voicemail, telling us either she turned her device off, or her battery had depleted. We didn’t know which explanation we preferred most. I groaned quietly as I felt the ray of the sun travel over my body, the leaves that provided so much comfort before seemed to fail in the one duty I gave it. Despite this, I still gave myself a moment of peace, bringing my knees up and wrapping my arms along the bottom of my legs. I closed my eyes and let out the longest breath to try and calm the anxiety that was dancing on my nerves.

“She’s okay,” I whispered lightly to myself, “She’s a tough girl.”

As my eyes were closed, the first thing I felt was the slight shift in the ground as hooves galloped across the soil in my direction. They were heavy enough that I felt the tremors underneath me, becoming heavier and heavier until the sound of the movement was audible to my ears.

Thud… thud… thud… thud.

I didn’t even have to open my eyes to notice the pony standing next to me, the sound of her hooves digging into the ground came up quickly and stopped just outside of the bush as she stared curiously at the woman hiding within.
I was discovered.

I laughed, “Okay, okay. You got me.”

As I glanced upwards, the slim form of Lorelai was looking back down at me with curious, bright eyes that contrasted against her black head harness.

Instead of allowing me the time and room to leave the bush, she pushed herself against the foliage, using her body weight and her hooves to move the leaves and branches away; just enough to actually reach me.

“Lorelai! Lorelai, I was just coming out!”

My complaints and moans hit deaf ears, she continued her descent until her body was on top of mine and her head was placed strategically on my lap. Only then did the pony stop her attack on nature, letting out a quiet, content snort as she got comfortable on my person.

“You are spending far too much time with Kathia” I giggled, gently rubbing my hand along the top of her back, “You are getting into some bad habits.”

She didn’t care. She let out another content snort as she closed her eyes, telling me that she was happy in this position for a long time. There was no use grunting or groaning, Lorelai had quickly understood she could get her way by being persistent and acting cute, something that seemed to come naturally to the new addition to our family.

“Okay. You get five minutes” I gave in.

The screen on my phone lit up, telling me that I had one message that came through. For a second, I thought my relentless phone calls and messages had worked. The feeling in the pit of my stomach left momentarily as I wasted no time unlocking my phone to see that message. For a second, I thought Heather finally got back in touch with us. For a second, I thought everything was okay and went back to the way things were.

The name ‘Jade’ lit up my phone with a short message underneath, whilst uncommon for the dark-haired woman to message me, what she said seemed short and typical of her behaviour.

‘Come to the house’ was all it said.

It was a demand, no pleasantries or care was put into what she wrote. There was nothing personal about the contact she had with me, nothing jumped out that said it was from her apart from her name being over the message. This saddened me as we were getting rather close before Heather left, I was seeing her in a completely different light. Now, it seemed like she backtracked on our friendship and treated me like a stranger, only contacting me if she had to.

I leant down closer to the silver pony, “I’m sorry, Lorelai. I’m going to have to move.”

A simple, argumentative grunt left her lips.

---

I felt awkward and uneasy as I entered the home. The building that I had found comforting so many times before had fallen completely silent, regardless of the large group of people who had occupied the space. No one looked up at me, despite my footsteps being the only sound within the walls, almost making me feel not welcome by the people I called my family.

Harriet and Beth were sitting on one sofa, with Kathia and Lily, the casually clothed green pony got herself comfortable on the arm of the furniture. Saffron and Abigail were standing directly behind them; their hands placed around their respective partner. Jade was standing in the corner of the room, a small distance away from everyone else. Her arms were crossed as she leaned against the faded wallpaper, looking as if she would want to be anywhere else but here.

It wasn’t until Harriet looked up at me through her thick glasses and smiled that I began to feel at peace acknowledging my arrival into the room. The smile only lasted a few seconds as her eyes fell back towards the table in front of her, revealing a white envelope that had caught the attention of everyone in the room.

“What’s wrong?” I asked, the directionless question finally breaking the silence.

I noticed Beth placed her hand on her partner’s knee, trying her hardest at comforting the older woman whilst not taking any of the attention away from her. A wave of unease travelled across the room, seemingly causing everyone to shudder lightly the second the question left my lips.

Harriet finally spoke, “I got a letter."

“Is it…?”

“Yes. It’s from the Pony Trials; their logo is stamped on the back.”

“Okay…”

I didn’t know what else to say. I wanted to think of a sentence that would ease the mild tension in the room, perhaps a small joke that would lighten the mood; but nothing came to mind.
In front of everyone were the results of Heather’s audition, telling us whether she had enough points to compete at the actual Pony Trials, something both her and Jade had been working towards for a long time.

I shot a glance towards the dark-haired girl across the room, but her gaze was elsewhere. Whilst the current situation was understandable, I would have imagined the results were something she was greatly interested in, but she didn’t seem bothered either way.
It was understandable in a way. The person who benefited most from the results was not here, we didn’t know where she was and there had been zero contact with us since she had left. However, the results didn’t just belong to Heather, it belonged to Jade too, she was the one who spent countless hours down at the school and she hardly left her side the entire time.

…but she seemed so cold to the situation.

“Let’s not drag this out,” Harriet stated, sitting forwards on the sofa.

She immediately picked up the white envelope, tracing her index finger along the back, then using her nail to rip it open. The sound of the paper ripping caused a pit at the bottom of my stomach, and I noticed the rest of the girls lean in closer as this unsettling sound echoed in the air. The moment seemed to linger, such a simple task took such a long time to accomplish, making us somewhat glad when she was finally done. She then reached into the envelope and took out a folded piece of paper within her index and middle finger. She then used both hands to open the thin sheet, acting as if it was a delicate object, scanning it left to right with her eyes.

Somehow, the room became even more silent. Breathing seemed to cease from everyone within it, anxious from whatever words would come out of the stable owner next. Lily seemed the most interesting, leaning so far from the sofa it looked like she was about to fall off and Kathia wasn’t far behind her.

“Oh…” the older woman whimpered. Her hand went over her mouth, covering her quivering lip. But it didn’t hide the small selection of tears that began to build up under her eyes, which were magnified by the thick glasses on her head.

Beth’s arm went over her shoulder, “Harriet?” She questioned, her tone much softer than I had ever heard it before.

“Our girl… she got through,” One of the tears broke free and travelled down her cheek.

Beth pulled her partner in for a tight hug. A huge sense of relief blew over everyone in the room, Saffron’s and Abigail’s embrace tightened and Kathia fell into Lily’s arms.

Harriet continued, almost yelling to the small audience she had, “Heather passed! She passed the audition!”

A smile forced itself onto my face. I was glad, I was so happy for my roommate, I couldn’t hide the glee I was feeling. All those hours, all those stressful moments, all those sleepless nights and pain she was put through; it was all worth it.
Everyone was celebrating, content with the answer they had been waiting for all this time. Heather wasn’t here, but you could sense the love everyone had for her despite the absence.

Jade finally pulled herself away from the wall and immediately walked out of the room, not exchanging any words with the celebrating group and walking past me without any acknowledgement.
She wasted no time leaving the house and continuing with her day.

“Jade?” I asked, as she walked by.

No reaction.

I left the room behind me, deciding to follow the young woman out of the building. Whilst I wanted to delve into the enjoyment everyone else was feeling, I knew I couldn’t leave the dark-haired woman alone at this time.

“Jade?” I asked again.

We were hit by the warm sun once more, the rays of light bouncing on the concrete ground and causing a shimmering effect along the entirety of the square.

“Jade… wait up.”

“Yeah?” She turned around.

She had a mutual face on, no indication on whether she was sad or happy by the recent news. The young woman was looking at me as if I had just asked her a simple, mundane question and not speaking to her for the first time in over a week. How was she not reacting to the contents of the letter?

Her demeanour caught me off guard, forcing me to think on my feet. I was expecting her to show a little emotion which would lead into a conversation about Heather, but it was like striking a conversation against a brick wall.

“I… I… wanted to know… something,” I stuttered pathetically.

“And what’s that?”

“I… just wanted to know… how are you doing?” My voice broke, clearly showing her that I was making it up.

“I’m good. I must go as I’m busy. You have your pony to see to.”

She pointed towards the middle of the square where Lorelai stood, taking a space near the fountain to hopefully cool down from the baking sun. The blonde-haired woman gave me a short wave with her hoof as she noticed us staring at her. Taking my attention back to the woman in front of me made the situation harder, she was already walking out of the square, wasting no time getting away from me.

“Jade!” I called out, I briefly turned my attention towards Lorelai, placing my palm out, “Stay there, I’ll be back soon.”

The silver pony cocked her head, acting curious as to what was happening between the two of us. I sprinted forwards, leaving the square behind me and travelling quickly towards the woman, she was already halfway down the field by the time I caught up with her.

“Jade! Jade!” I called out again.

She let out a large groan before turning around and greeting me once more, “What?!”

“I just want to know how you are doing?”

“I’m doing just fine. Now, I really must get back to work.”

“When Heather left, I took an entire week off. I couldn’t even get out of bed… it was a struggle. I dread to think how you must have felt, it must have been tough.”

“It was, but now I am busy. Get back to Lorelai.”

“Jade…”

“I said I am okay; I’ve worked through it. I didn’t need time away, unlike some people.”

“Ouch.”

“It affects everyone differently.”

“But you haven’t even spoken to anyone-“

“I SAID I’M OKAY!” She yelled the exact same words she spoke moments before.

“Listen, I know you are hurting” I tried to plead with the woman, “We are all hurting, we are all missing Heather, but you cannot turn your back on everyone, on your family.”

“I am not doing that. I am just getting on with my life.”

“But-”

“Enough! I am done talking about this, leave me alone.” She turned around to walk away once more.

“But Jade!”

“I SAID ENOUGH!”

She screamed as loud as her lungs could, swiftly turning around on the spot and pushing me backwards with as much force as she could muster. This caused me to lose my balance and fall backwards, first onto my butt and then my back hit the dirt path we were standing on. My eyes widened, I had never been physical with anyone in my life before, this was the first time I had felt something like this. I looked up to my attacker, who had full malice behind her pupils.

I had pushed her buttons, but I never thought it would go this far. She stood over me, looking down at my weakened form as her brain began to process what to do next. I was in a vulnerable position, meaning she had full control over the situation and could do whatever she wanted with me.

Her eyes began to soften. Tears quickly formed and began to fall down her cheeks. Her powerful stance over me faltered, shrivelling to a much smaller pose as her shoulders lowered, her arms reached around her waist, and she leant forwards. A quiet whimper escaped her, at the same time her eyes flickered over my body, as if she was fully coming to terms with what she did to me, to her friend.

“I’m… I’m sorry,” she squealed, “I… I didn’t mean it.”

Her hands fell from her body, and both came down towards me, locking them both in my own hands. Without giving me the time to process what was happening, she pulled me up from the dirt underneath and brought me back into a standing position, tears falling during the entire process.

I didn’t know what to say, I was very confused and somewhat uneasy. Jade wasn’t an emotional person in the slightest, not even when she had Heather at her side, so it was a strange sight to see her in this state.
Even on my feet, she gave me no time to take in the situation, as she launched herself into my arms and tightening her arms across my back.

“Jade…” I stuttered.

“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry!” Her cries echoed into my ear.

“Hey, it’s okay” I held her back.

“I just miss her so much! I can’t stand it, I want her here, with us… home.”

“I know.”

“I’m so sorry for hurting you, I didn’t mean it.”

“You didn’t, I understand that.”

“Please forgive me.”

“I do, I do.”

I pulled her away from my soaked shoulder, placing enough distance between us to focus on her eyes. In the short amount of time, her eyes went completely red and puffy, probably from rubbing them into my body. It hurt to see her in this state, it was clear that she had been holding onto this feeling for a long time with no one to vent to, she had to keep up the calm demeanour and threw herself entirely into her work, just to momentarily forget the pain.

“Come with me,” I commanded her in a soft tone.

I took one of her hands and continued to walk down the trail to the bottom of the property.

“Where are we going?”

I ignored her question, not wanting to give anything away. It wasn’t long before we were completely off the property and passed the small stream that connected Harriet’s stables to the unused field on the other side. Jade held my hand for the entire journey and didn’t let go until we reached our destination, it was heartbreaking to feel her fingers tremble within mine, the young woman who was usually so strong had weakened.

Soon the stream was behind us, and we were walking along the new field. At the very top was the lone tree, the large, natural object that oversaw both properties. The leaves on the thick branches waved slowly in the small wind, almost in a welcoming way.

“Heather used to love that tree,” Jade whispered, taking in the full sight of it, “She used to sit there whenever she got the chance, whenever she wanted to get away from everyone for a moment.”

“I remember her saying.” I smiled at the young woman.

“Why have you brought me here?”

“The same reason Heather came here, to get away from everything.”

I led Jade towards the tree, stopping on the side that gave us the full view of the stables. From here we could see everything, the fountain that Lorelai was still standing by, the group of women leaving the house and getting ready to start the day and we could even see a small collection of clients parked just outside the gate, waiting to come in.

“We should get back soon. I don’t think Beth or Harriet would appreciate you leaving Lorelai like that” Jade’s words rang true, but I couldn’t leave her after her little episode.

“We will go back soon, I promise this won’t take too long.”

“Why are we here?” She asked again.

“We both know Heather loved this place. She loved this tree; she loved the stables… and she loved us. She’s not here right now, but her love can still be felt. I don’t know when she is going to come back, and I don’t know when we are going to hear from her neck. But Heather is not out of reach, she’s here with us right now. “She’s in this tree, she’s at the stables, she’s in the heart of everyone who works and lives here. In a way, Heather never left us, and she will always be closer than you think.”

Jade chuckled, “That’s corny.”

“It is. But… it’s not untrue,” I smiled, taking both of her hands in mine, “Close your eyes.”

“Umm, no.”

“Jade…”

“Do I have to?” she moaned.

“Yes, just for a moment.”

She closed them, “Fine, fine.”

“Now, breathe in and then breathe out.”

“I am.”

“So, where is Heather now?”

“She’s with her mother.”

“No, try again… use your mind.”

She groaned, “Okay, I will.”

I leaned closer to her, “Where is Heather?”

Jade positioned herself correctly, her fingers tensed in mine for just a moment before she let out another breath, “She’s… she’s down by the fountain.”

“Yeah?”

“It’s a quiet morning. No clients at the property, so she’s spending time with Lily.”

I smiled and closed my eyes, “I’m going to join you.”

“She’s stroking Lily’s side with her head on her lap, but Kathia gets jealous of her. So, she jumps onto the fountain’s wall too and nearly knocks her into the water.”

“I can see that.”

“But Heather stays on the wall and gets Kathia to rest just like Lily. She places Kathia’s head on the other side of the lap and strokes both girls as they rest on her.”

“That’s a good image.”

Jade slowly opened her eyes, “I just wish it was real, I would give anything to see that happen again.”

“And you will soon. Until then, you have that image in your head, it’s an easy image to create in your head because we know Heather so well, I can imagine her at the fountain right now.”

“Thank you, that means a lot.”

“No worries” I grinned, finally taking my hands away from her, “Now, I better get back to the square. Lorelai is waiting for me.”

---

"Heather got in," I laughed quietly to myself.

It was still an amazing accomplishment, for her to have come so far in her limited time as a pony. Many would have practised for years just to get exactly where she was now, if only she was here to have read the news in person. I looked up towards the blue sky, imagining the exact facial expression she would have pulled as her eyes skimmed those words: a mixture of surprise and doubt entering her mind before she is congratulated by every human and pony at Harriet's stables.

It would have been worth it, all this drama, all this work she put in, just to see the smile on her face once she realised what happened. My smile slowly faded, she wasn't here to accept the news on the letter, she wasn't here to even receive the news she got in. She was somewhere in the country, not knowing the results of all her hard work. It was a sad situation to accept.

The creature next to me moaned, pushing herself further into me as her head rested on my lap.
The stable was illuminated by the soft, buzzing light above us as the world darkened outside. The sun had set, the clients for the day slowly began to disappear and the ponies all went home one-by-one, leaving me alone with the newest addition to the family. It would have been the easiest task in the world to leave her with the older couple, either Harriet or Beth could have spent the night with Lorelai, or even kept an eye on her during the night, but I wanted more time with her.

It wasn't as easy as I thought staying at the stables, the relationship between Lily and I had travelled to the next step and it took all the strength I had to let her return back to the apartment on her own. However, the thought of leaving Lorelai here by herself was something I wasn't comfortable with, it was the last night she would spend at the stables before she was set free back to the human world and I thought company would be needed throughout the night.

Her body arched and squirmed for a few minutes, trying to find the most comfortable position to fall asleep in. What made it worse for me was the lack of stomach harness on the young woman's body. Beth removed it to help the blonde woman breathe better in her sleep, but it made me struggle to control my wandering hands. All I wanted to do was to touch Lorelai in her most intimate area, it seemed that her body yearned for it; even whilst she was asleep.

I wanted to wait for a sign, just something to tell me I had permission to touch her body, a flicker of the eyes to tell me she was still awake, or a small smile to appear for just a second. However, nothing came about, it seemed like the silver creature was actually asleep and not pretending, despite how sensual and sexual her positions might have been. Lorelai squeaked as she stretched her body out once more, turning around on the spot before resting with her back towards me. Her hooved hands rested along the ground as I felt her breasts gently pushing against my leg. A quiet snore came from her seconds after she got into this position, confirming the truthfulness of her being asleep.

I had to bite my lip, this position caused her butt to lift up and seemed to welcome my touch. Why did this pony have to be so sexual? There wasn't a position she could get comfortable in that didn't make me want to touch her.

I couldn't control myself. I couldn't control any of my movements. Just pure, animal-like instinct.

Before I knew it, my hand had reached up to her butt, smoothly rubbing up and down where the poor girl's sex would have been under the layer of latex. There was enough padding to stop me from exploring further, but it was just enough to show off her body. If I cared to look, I would have seen the entirety of her curvy butt and the soft mound that would have been her sex.

To my surprise, a soft moan escaped the pony's mouth, not enough to set off the gag in her mouth, but enough to wake me up from my fantasy. I glanced towards my hand, realising my fingers were moving up and down in the groove, steadily getting further and further in and potentially teasing the sleeping girl.

I gasped quietly, taking my hand instantly away from her. Staring down at my shaking fingers, I was shocked that the action came naturally to me. I wasn't thinking about myself, I wasn't thinking about Lorelai. My hand just began pleasing her without a single thought going through my head.

What was happening to me? First of all I had full-on sex in front of the blonde woman with Lily, not taking her in account whilst I lost my virginity in the field, now I was sexually touching the young woman without her even being conscious. I had never acted on my fantasies before, no matter what small thing came to mind; but now I had little control over my actions.

The young woman squeaked once more, stretching her body out before turning around again. My head screamed at me as the front of her body came into view. Her legs were separated enough to allow me to see where her sex would have been and her back arched once more to show off her breasts.
This was far too much. If she carried on like this, I have no idea where tonight was going to lead.
Her breasts were almost begging to be touched, even her nipples began poking through the thin layer, seeming more harder than they were before.

Wait… they were harder than before.

I glanced up and met the young woman's eyes, who were looking at me in a certain softness that made my heart melt. The way she was moving and stretching her body, it seemed like she was more of a cat than a pony, but soon she settled down in this position, showing off her warm belly as if it was her best feature and not hiding anything from my gaze.

My eyes glanced everywhere, catching her breasts, catching where her sex would be and occasionally catching her eyes, not staying in one position long enough for her to assume I was perving on the silver beast. That's when she finally reached for my hand, placing both of her hooves around my wrist; as if locking them in place, before bringing them upwards. I instantly looked up, the soft light above me taking my entire attention as I felt my palm glide along the latex, before coming up to a mound.

I knew exactly what she did. The weight of her hooves left me within seconds of placing my hand where she wanted it. My fingers squeezed with a light force, feeling the latex move against my fingertips but also allowing me to feel the soft tissue underneath. My thumb travelled along a bump, which caused the creature to stir underneath me.

There was no denying where she placed my hand.

I finally gained the courage to look down, examining that my hand was exactly on the creature's breast. It was where she wanted it to be. My fingers were lightly digging into the suit and the revealing, erect nipple was right next to my thumb, almost begging to be touched further. Her eyes locked on mine again, this time with a new layer of arousal behind the lenses. The pale white skin Lorelai usually had soon travelled to a pinkish-red, telling me the small movements I was making were stimulating her.

My other hand came up to touch her skin, also. Placing my palm directly on her stomach and rubbing it in a circular motion. Luckily, Lorelai wasn't ticklish, but it was what I wanted to do at that time.
This new movement was short lived, as once again I felt the heavy weight of the hoof against my skin. This time, Lorelai just used the one limb to bring my other hand towards her other breast. Clearly, the creature only had one thing on her mind.

Her body arched one more time as my thumb instantly began making circular motions around her defenseless nipple, causing my other hand to do the exact same motion. My brain turned to jelly. Not only was the young woman on me so addictive to look at, but she was more than happy for me to touch her in any way I saw fit. She moved her bound hands upwards, placing them on the floor above her head; which allowed me full access to her body.
A quiet moan escaped her lips as she brought her head up, she closed her eyes to get the full extent of the pleasure I was allowing her as her back arched over and over.

I soon became possessed. It felt like the only reason I was in that stable with that pony was for this, the only reason for me to live and breathe was to bring pleasure to the young woman. I took in every detail of her breasts as my thumbs teased the sensitive skin underneath and caused her nipples to push further and further against the shiny layer. I wanted Lorelai. As a pony? As a human? I was unsure of the details, but I wanted…something.

The sound of tyres screeching as they came steadily around the corner filled my ears. It was like a pull back to reality as neither I or the silver pony were alone anymore. I stopped in my tracks and took my hands off her delicious, latex-bound body and brought myself up. Walking to the door, I explored my brain to the possibilities of who might be coming into the square. Harriet and Beth were upstairs and in their beds, so it was very unlikely to be one of the owners of the stables. Whilst Lily was reluctant to leave me here on my own, it was very unlike her to break the rules set by the two older women. Jade was very much about breaking rules, but I doubt she would have come back all this way just to spend time with me and the new pony.

Saffron and Abigail seemed pretty set on going home and spending a night in each other's arms. Even though this was a daily occurrence to them, breaking the two women out of their cycle was almost unheard of. Nothing would get in between them and their alone time, unless it was the addition of another woman… like Heather was.

… maybe…

Or… Maybe…

What was the possibility that it was Heather? Coming home after a long drive? Maybe… she was back!

I let the excitement surge through my body. The slightest chance that it might have been my former roommate was too much to handle. I found myself running to the door and unlatching the top half of the stable door, I swung it open with as much strength as I could muster, just to see…

"Oh…" I said out loud, unable to hide the frustration and disappointment in my tone.

Lily laughed nervously, two bags of food items from the local takeout shop were in her hands. She gave me a smile that told me she knew she was breaking the rules, but wanted to see me either way.
In one bag must have been a selection of food items and the other hand steamed in the cold night, telling me it was full of cups of coffee.

"Lily?" I asked, still getting over the fact she was here in front of me.

"I brought four cups of coffee and some pastries. I didn't know if Lorelai drank coffee or if you both were hungry, so I just grabbed whatever looked good" She voice shook slightly due to the cold night.

I unlatched the bottom half of the door, allowing the warm environment created by the pony and I to spill out into the air, "Why four?"

"Oh…"

Lily looked behind herself, out of the darkness came another person. Black hair covered half of her face, travelling down towards her chest as her arms were wrapped tight around her stomach. Even in the semi-darkness, I could tell it was Jade behind her. Even though she looked more vulnerable than she ever had been, the way she held herself up was almost unmistakable.

"Hi…" She said, the one simple word hung in the air, meaning more to the two of us than she would have imagined. Jade's presence meant that she was healing, that she was happy to spend time with us outside of work hours, that she wanted our company.

I sent a soft smile to the two girls and opened the door further, the soft, buzzing light acted like a sanctuary in the darkness, bringing in the people who mattered to me most and telling them it was safe to be with us. The two girls accepted the invitation almost immediately, stepping into the shelter of the stable and leaving the dark world behind them.

"Lorelai, do you mind if Lily and Jade join us?" I asked the pony, closing the door behind the two.

"I promise it's only Jade and I," Lily chimed in, "No one else is coming."

---

The warm sky was a welcome feeling in contrast to the cold, long night. The day had only just started as I found myself in the storage cupboard, combing the beautiful, blonde mane of the woman I had spent the evening with. It was a relaxing moment as I focused entirely on the motion, making sure that having her hair was free of knots after spending an entire night with it tied up. At one point, I even found myself humming lightly whilst I ran through the golden silk in front of me.

Lorelai stayed still and silent the entire time. She was more than happy to go through the process of returning herself to her human state. After spending the last few days as a pony, I was sure she was more than happy to return to her normal life, even if she enjoyed every second of being restrained in the suit.
I glanced down. The silver, summer outfit hung loosely over the storage box it was supposed to be in. For the moment, I decided to leave it out and let it rest before going through the cleaning process. I even caught Lorelai taking a few looks at the outfit below, probably going over the memories as she says goodbye to her pony side, whilst feeling the cool air travel over her bare body.

Despite offering her the civilian clothes she came into the stables with, she declined wearing them for now and stood entirely naked with her back to me as I began the process of brushing her hair. It was a sight that I had become used to over time, seeing the naked forms of the ponygirls was a daily occurrence for me, especially the ones who seemed to enjoy flaunting their nudity. However, I felt the awkwardness between us both, in spite of the night we shared.

Lorelai cared little about covering up the bottom half of her body, if I had the urge to walk around her, I would very easily be able to see her sex. Which made it an odd realisation that she chose to cover her breasts, her arms travelled upwards as her hands were gripped together in a prayer position, pressing her forearms into her chest and somehow making them stand out even more. I caught myself glancing at her form even more than the suit beside us. It was hard to deny the fact that she was an attractive person with an even more attractive body. Which is why it was so easy to question why she would spend her time and money at a place like this, the woman had the funds to build her own stables with her own ponygirls, why settle for less?

I tried to keep the thoughts to myself. I found very quickly that my actions quickened as my brain went over these trivial thoughts, forcing me to slow down and not cause any discomfort to the beautiful woman in front of me.

It soon dawned on me that I wasn't the only one humming, as I stopped the noise to focus more on the luscious mane in front of me, the music in the room continued. She carried on humming the tune that was stuck in my head, singing it in a softer and more pleasant tone.

"That's a beautiful song." Her whispering tone echoed from the silence of the room, "I've heard it before, where is it from?"

I tried to think. As I ran my hand through her hair one last time, I tried to put the tune to something I knew, maybe it was something I had heard on the radio the day before? Or maybe it could have been from a TV advert. Sadly, no real answer came to mind.

"Oh… I'm unsure, sorry!" I apologised to her, feeling stupid that I couldn't even name the music spinning around in my mind. I suppressed the urge to continue my humming as I finally put away the hair brush.

"Thank you for staying with me, last night was lovely."

"It's no problem at all. You were great company. Sorry for the stables getting a little crowded, though."

"Don't worry about it, I had a lovely time."

Last night became a little busier than I expected. After Lily and Jade had entered the room, we had a visit from both Harriet and Beth. First of all it was to check up on us, but they soon returned with blankets and joined the conversation, along with Nicole. Kathia was next to return to the area, she too had brought me coffee to help me get through the night. It was honestly rather cute seeing her face flash pink as she realised how full the singular room was getting.

About an hour later we were joined by Saffron and Abigail. The two had just come back from their date and they wanted to make sure I was okay. There was very little room for them at that point, but the two managed to snuggle up to each other in the corner, making sure their large frames weren't causing any discomfort to the rest of us. What started off as Lorelai resting on my lap, soon turned into a full, family reunion. Multiple conversations had fizzled out the silence from before, making the moments I was looking at Lorelai's body in a sexual manner seem almost like a dream.

"Can I ask you something, Lorelai?" My voice chirped as I looked in the naked woman's direction.

She smiled as she turned around and allowed her hands to fall down to her sides, giving me the full view of her nude form. I struggled to keep my eyes level with hers, I knew she wouldn't mind if they fell and her breasts became the center of my attention, or if they travelled further down as I took in the beauty of her sex, but I somehow managed not to let my urges take over.

"Sure thing."

"You… you have money. Sorry, I don't mean it in such a blunt way."

She chuckled, "Yeah, I guess you can say that."

"Why did you decide to stay here with us? You could have your own suit made, you could buy your own land and your own stables. You could probably make something similar to this, with your own ponygirls."

She chuckled again.

I stuttered, realising that I shouldn't have asked her something so personal, not a lot of people liked to talk about money, "I'm sorry! I mean, we are very grateful for your donations, it's just… it's just…"

I couldn't think of what else to say. I really just asked her that question, not realising how it sounded to her.

"Don't worry. I understand what you mean" She turned around and began taking her civilian clothes off the shelf, "I guess I could have my own stables, I could hire some women who are interested in being ponies… and I could always get Harriet to tell me who made the suits for you."

Why did I open my big mouth? As I watched the young woman balance on one foot to pull her underwear over her smooth legs, I imagined the small empire Harriet had created burn to the ground. It would be easy for Lorelai to make a set up as simple as this, meaning she could just as easily bypass Harriet's Stables and make something much better.

Lorelai jumped a little as the item of clothing reached the top of her legs, covering her sex.

"Sorry, I shouldn't have said anything" I heard the desperation in my voice, realising I just gave her the idea that could end this business."

She looked towards the floor, as if her brain went over the idea in her head, "No, it's okay. It's an interesting thought. I could quite easily make up my own Pony Stables, but…"

"But?"

"But it wouldn't be this place. It wouldn't be Harriet's."

"I… Sorry, I don't think I understand."

This time she picked up her bra, a matching set with the lower part of the underwear. Within a second she managed to maneuver the item around her and snapped the clip closed at the back, quite an impressive feat.

"This place is special. It's more than beautiful women in adorable outfits, it's more than just having the company of those women. It's more than the wooden stables, or the large field at the bottom of the property. It's love… true love, somehow everything works here. The different girls with different personalities, the caring side that oozes out of Harriet and Beth, it's a formula that is almost impossible to replicate. If for some reason I made my own stables, it would be an impossible task to live up to the world they created."

I looked down, "Oh, I didn't think of it like that."

"Every part of this world you have is like a small cog in a large machine. A ponygirl on it's own is a strange but wonderful sight, however you place everything together and it works flawlessly.I've always been a bit unsure on that Jade girl, she walks around with a frown on her face and looking as if she doesn't want to be here, but it's funny to see the ponies tease her and bring a smile out of her. Saffron is a scary pony, but you can really see the love she has for the others, Abigail is the perfect opposite of her and is a very motherly character."

She took a step forward towards me before she continued, "Everything here works so well together, it's almost as if this place isn't real at all."

"Wow," I found myself grinning, "I never thought anyone would find Jade's behaviour that loveable."

"This place is special, Chloe. And I want to keep it that way and it's why I am more than happy to donate, rather than somehow start my own business."

She turned around and picked up her dress, lifting it over her head as she poured her way through the silk material.

She continued, "Tomorrow, I am going to be in business meetings all day. I'll be stuck in a high-rise building with a large view of hundreds of other buildings. We will spend all day talking about statistics and other things that would easily bore the crap out of the average person. But… at least I know this place still exists when I'm in those meetings. Whilst I am trying not to nod off, I can think about Kathia giving someone a special hug, I can think of Lily resting by that fountain; listening to the trickling water and she begins to fall asleep. I can think about Saffron and Abigail running around, trying to find out who is faster. "That is worth more than anything else to me."

I didn't know what to say, "Wow… that's a good… thought."

"Take last night for example. You spent the night looking after me, Lily or Jade didn't need to show up. Harriet and Beth could have stayed in bed and I certainly wasn't expecting Kathia, Saffron and Abigail to be there too, but they were. They came to the stables just to keep you company, that's true love right there."

I smiled, "Thank you, Lorelai. That means a lot."

She turned around, the spin caused her dress to lift slightly as she matched my smile, "No problem. It's a magical place, one of a kind. And everyone who leaves just wants to come back, it's like a dull ache that needs to be tended too."

"Thank you."

She walked up to me, placing her hands in mine, "You're not understanding me. Everyone who leaves… will come back. This place is too magical to leave behind, it's almost addictive."

"…Oh…" Was the first word I could say, it took a moment for me to realise exactly what and who she was talking about. My eyes widened as I slowly came to the realisation, "Oh!"

She giggled, taking in the connection we were having for a little longer before finally removing her hands from mine. It was almost as if she was reluctant to leave me like this, but it was clear her 'real life' was calling for her.

Slipping back into her shoes was the last part of the outfit needed for the outside world, it was a surprisingly quick action for someone who was so reluctant to leave this world behind. Once the shoes were on, she struck a short pose as if she was trying to show off the fact that she was now fully dressed and looking as cute as anything and not like someone who was bound in latex for the last few days.

"I'm ready!" She chirped, "Tell you what, I don't know how those girls do it."

"Do what?" I questioned her, laughing softly at the strange statement.

"Wear those suits all day, everyday."

"Well, I guess it just takes time to get used to the latex."

"Oh, that I get." She bit her tongue, "But it's the control they have not to think about sex all the time. Last night, I would have let you do anything you wanted to me, I was really giving you the 'fuck me' eyes and I would have been happy with anything. Thank god you have some self control!"

My skin turned cold as my brain began to fade out. I had almost forgotten about how close I was to touching her last night. Seeing her in that pose, with the outfit that forced me to stare at her breasts and sex was far too much for me to handle. I had no self control, if it wasn't for the interruption of Lily and Jade at the door, I wouldn't have lasted much longer and gave in.

I tried to laugh it off, "Yeah… yeah, I don't have much though."

She walked over to me, placing a soft kiss on my cheek before she walked out of the door, "Well, let's see what next time brings. I'll book another session with Harriet as soon as I am able to."

My heart fluttered as she shot me one last smile, it was a soft grin that gave off so much more meaning after the words that had just passed between us. It was a smile that told me my story with Lorelai was not over yet, that the next time we crossed paths will be an interesting one indeed.
I couldn't take my eyes off her form, eagerly taking in every curve as she turned around. The sound of her heels clicked against the concrete ground before she pushed open the door and allowed the light of the rising sun to envelope her.

Lorelai left me alone, exiting the room in a majestic, beautiful manner that came naturally to her.
