---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/leatherbound_hearts4.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Leatherbound Hearts
authors:
- Darkwolf
tags:
- F/f
- bond
- latex
- hood
- toys
- buttplug
- dungeon
- catheter
- collar
- catsuit
- clamps
- corset
- straitjacket
- rom
- cons
- XX
date: 2026-03-07 00:00:00
---

### Part 4 (Present Day)

The sudden sound of a heavy metal door closing with a dull, metallic clang snapped Claire Devroux out of her admittedly pleasant daydreams and back into the moment, the tightly bound woman actually jumping just a bit in surprise despite the way her heavy restraints forced her to remain kneeling. A motion which actually made her wince ever so slightly as the abrupt twitch made her breasts sway and set the cruelly tight clamps adorning her nipples to wobble painfully while the plugs filling her shifted just enough to press against her very full bladder. Biting her lip to suppress a moan, half in pain and half in arousal, the redhead took as deep a breath as her corset would allow and turned her head as far as she could within the confines of the heavy posture collar she was wearing. Although not exactly surprising, she was nonetheless pleased to see that her mistress had finally returned, the pale brunette padding barefoot down the little hallway that connected the basement proper to the little dungeons they had built together over these last few months.

Perhaps there was some metaphor hidden within that thought, some comment about the life they had been building together, but right now she was far too excited to see Elise again to care. A joy that the younger woman certainly seemed to share if the smile curling her pierced lips, and the glint in her stormy gray eyes, was any indication. Somewhat unexpectedly however, the pale dominatrix had apparently decided to let her hair down for the evening now that the main event was concluded, the vinyl and faux leather that had been sheathing her slender body stripped away to be replaced with a rather comfortably looking, if very *short*, pair of shorts and a matching tank top cut low enough to show off a generous swath of cleavage, though even then the tightness of the material made it clear that the brunette was wearing absolutely *nothing* beneath them.

As enticing as that was, however, it was still a bit surprising. Given the mood in which they had parted earlier, Claire had assumed that the party was just beginning. It was only then that she noticed that her mistress also had a rather familiar pack slung over her left shoulder, a pale hand gripping the strap tight to hold it in place, while a small covered tray was balanced precariously on the palm of her free hand. While the sight of that pack alone, and the flights of fancy as to what new toys it might contain, certainly piqued the redhead’s interest she felt her stomach growl softly at the sight of the tray and a tiny blush colored what little of her skin was exposed. Elise had promised to fetch dinner after all, but it honestly surprised the bound redhead just how positively *ravenous* she suddenly felt after her earlier… *exertions*. Thankfully her mistress did not seem to react to the sound, but even if the flash of amusement coloring her eyes certainly suggested otherwise she simply continued to approach with that slow and deliberately unhurried stride of hers and ultimately the bound woman could do little but watch.

Striding across the concrete with a grace that was almost unearthly, Elise crossed the room without fanfare until she was practically looming over the older woman’s bound and kneeling form, the glint in her eyes shifting into something far… hungrier as she allowed her gaze to roam over the sight. As her plaything’s blush intensified the brunette flashed a warm smile and lowered herself down onto one knee before carefully setting the tray aside and allowing the backpack to slide off of her shoulder and onto the floor, pale hands reaching out to cup her plaything’s face, “Did you miss me, my dear?”

The touch was feather soft, barely a caress really, but even so Claire found herself shivering softly as long fingers brushed against her cheeks, the latex hood practically fused to her skin transforming the sensation into something wonderfully exotic and utterly alien at the same time. And yet, despite the overwhelming urge to simply lean into her mistress’s touch and revel in the moment, the tightly bound woman held herself back even as a smile tugged at her own lips. For all that it came naturally, teasing her mistress always felt a little dangerous in some ways, though all the more exciting because of it, “Terribly, mistress. I was so lonely, I was afraid you had abandoned me down here.”

Elise’s own lips twitched ever so slightly into an almost mischievous smirk in response, the amusement still bright in her eyes betraying her true feelings despite the impish expression that overtook her features, “Now there’s an idea. My own personal little rubber slut, all wrapped up like a present, tits out and stuffed full.” as if to emphasize the point she allowed her hands to drop down and cup the older woman’s bare breasts, “Mine to use, whenever and however I want.”

The young dominatrix’s deliberately husky tone washed over her like a wave and Claire felt herself shudder within the confines of her bonds, the catsuit feeling almost unbearably hot for the briefest instant as a rush of heat surged beneath her skin. It was pure fantasy of course, utterly impossible really, but even so just the idea of being transformed into an actual bondage slave, of being permanently reduced to little more than a conveniently bound and gagged set of holes for her mistress’s pleasure was so utterly intoxicating that she could not help but moan with almost desperate intensity, her submissive nature practically howling in delight. Unable to turn away thanks to her collar, and yet so turned on that she feared she might actually burst, the redhead could do little more than let out a shaky breath as she began to unconsciously squirm against her armbinder, “Please, mistress…”

In truth Claire wasn’t certain what it was she was begging for but Elise seemed to understand nonetheless, the younger woman flashing a teasing and yet somehow soft smile as she leaned in and silenced her plaything’s pleas with a gentle kiss. A kiss that only seemed to grow deeper and hungrier as the seconds ticked by and a pierced tongue slowly snaked its way into her mouth prompting another, much deeper, moan, “None of that now, slut.” the pale brunette practically breathed when she finally, and reluctantly, broke the kiss, “Just let your mistress take care of everything.”

Although she found herself whimpering at that loss of contact, Claire nonetheless nodded as best she could, “Yes, mistress.”

Giving the bound woman’s breasts one last playful squeeze, careful all the while to keep from jostling her nipple clamps further, Elise flashed a positively sultry grin before allowing her hands to slowly trail down her plaything’s sides, fingertips practically caressing the outlines of her corset before settling on well turned thighs. Massaging delicate skin and positively delighting in the way Claire seemed to shudder beneath her touch, the redhead biting down on her lip to try and suppress a moan as she closed her eyes and shifted back and forth as best her restraints would allow, the slender girl twisted herself into a more comfortable position before finally taking hold of the zipper between the older woman’s legs and opening it bit by bit. Pausing for a moment as her plaything gasped at the sensation of cool air rushed in to caress heated flesh, Elise slowly wound the power cord of the vibrating dildo filling her around her index finger and gave a gentle tug. Crying out at the sudden sensation as the toy was slowly pulled from her, vaginal muscles instinctively tightening as her body tried in vain to hold on to the intruder, the bound woman found she could do little but shudder and moan as the passage of slick silicone caressed her most sensitive places. With one final tug the plug popped free from between the swollen lips of her labia before clattering onto the concrete with a dull thud, leaving her with a familiar and almost aching sense of emptiness despite the fact that the butt plug was still lodged firmly in place. Still, while she might have once protested the loss, this time she did not mind all that much, the easing of the pressure on her bladder a welcome relief after enduring it for so long.

Content to leave the toy where it lay for now, Elise instead spared a moment to enjoy the show before shifting again to sit down fully and pulling the backpack into her lap. Opening the pack without much fanfare, the pale brunette rummaged around inside for what felt like an eternity before a tiny smirk curled her pierced lips again and she withdrew a sealed plastic bag filled with an intertwined loop of slender surgical tubing. Smile growing just a notch at the way the redhead’s blue-gray eyes seemed to widen ever so slightly at the sight of the catheter, the young dominatrix drew herself up and set the device aside before retrieving a pair of latex gloves. Slowly slipping them onto her hands one by one, and allowing the rubber to snap ominously as she did, Elise reached out to cup her plaything’s chin and forced their eyes to meet, her voice firm but tinged with honest curiosity, “Ready?”

She had known it was coming, had asked for it in fact, but even so Claire felt herself swallow involuntarily at the question. It was hardly the first time she had been catheterized, and indeed she had enjoyed the experience in the past, something about the strange and almost alien pleasure of being penetrated in an unfamiliar way accompanied by the utter loss of control as even the most basic functions of her body were placed under her mistress’s control was such an incredible turn on. One that spoke to the intensely submissive and almost shockingly masochistic part of herself. Still, as her mistress waiting silently for permission to proceed, the redhead still felt a touch of trepidation mixed with excitement as she forced herself to take a deep breath and once again nodded as best she could within the confines of her neck corset, “Yes, mistress.”

“Good girl.” Elise practically cooed, the pad of her thumb stroking a delicate cheekbone before she leaned in to place a feather soft kiss on the woman’s marvelously delicate lips, voice almost husky, “Now relax. *I’ll be gentle*.”

Claire let out a shaky breath, the tension fleeing her body as she forced her muscles to go slack even as the corset laced tightly around her waist and the monoglove wrenching her arms sharply behind her back forced her to maintain her posture, and Elise flashed what she hoped was a comforting smile before pulling away and retrieving the catheter once again. Carefully opening the bag, she uncoiled the soft rubber tube and thoroughly coated the tip with a generous amount of sterile lubricant before stretching herself out to practically lay down on the floor and prop herself up almost awkwardly on one elbow in order to get a better angle. Shimmying into place, and idly biting the corner of her lip as if in concentration, she began to slowly thread the device into the redhead’s body, watching carefully for even the slightest hint of discomfort as the pipette snaked its way up into the older woman’s bladder bit by bit. Partly because inserting a catheter was always a bit tricky even if Claire had admitted to enjoying the sensation of having her urethra stretched, and partly because Elise herself had been subjected to this particular procedure during her own training and was intimately familiar with how… *unpleasant* a rushed insertion could be. Thankfully, the bound woman’s earlier trepidation had disappeared completely and indeed she seemed to be thoroughly enjoying the experience, the faintly visible flush coloring her skin intensifying as she moaned softly and bit her lip to try and remain silent. An effort which failed barely a heartbeat later when the catheter finally seated itself in the woman’s bladder with what felt like a faint pop and the redhead’s eyes shot open with a gasp as the pressure within her body grew almost unbearable for the briefest of instants, especially when her mistress inflated the tip to lock it in place before it all seemed to fade away in a warm rush once the reservoir was attached to the other end and the valves opened fully.

Satisfied with her work, Elise pushed herself back upright and spared a moment to give her plaything a quick kiss on the cheek before climbing back onto her feet and casually pulling the gloves from her hands. Admiring the scene for a few heartbeats more, the pale brunette eventually left the older woman to drain, smiling ever so softly at the sheer look of relief etched onto that latex-encased face before slowly circling around that kneeling form like a lioness stalking her prey, hands trailing along surprisingly strong shoulders before her fingers glided up the seam of Claire’s neck corset to release the clamps holding the stiff, steel-boned garment closed one at a time. As the tension that had been constraining her throat like a vice fell away bit by bit before finally vanishing, the bound redhead gasped again in surprise only to moan softly in relief as the collar was pulled away and she finally got the chance to move her head and work the crick out of her neck after what felt like hours of being locked in place. Before she could overly enjoy her new freedom, however, a set of long and delicate fingers cupped her chin while another gentle hand began to stroke her brow, the touch surprisingly soft and almost soothing against heated skin, the faint tension that had been radiating throughout her body fading away completely as she reveled in that comforting sensation and the bliss of finally being able to relieve herself.

“Feeling better, my lovely?” Elise murmured after a long moment, voice cast low as she continued to stroke the bound woman’s scalp.

Tilting her head back to lean against her mistress’s slender form, the gentle warmth of the other woman’s skin tangible even through the latex sheathing almost every inch of her, Claire let out a contented sigh, “Yes, mistress.”

“Such a good little slut. Now, close your eyes.” the brunette instructed in that same soft and soothing tone, one hand dipping down to caress the hollow of her throat, “I’m going to take off your hood.”

Wetting her lips with the tip of her tongue, Claire nodded silently and closed her eyes, the faintest thrill of pleasure radiating through her skin as those familiar fingers trailed over her pulse and along the edges of her hood, tracing the point at which the dark latex blended almost seamlessly with her catsuit. Finally one of those slender hands rested on her shoulder to hold her still while the other trailed up the zipper running along the back of her head and took hold of the slider. Unlike similar hoods made of leather that she had worn, this one did not lace up. Rather, the thick and yet skintight latex had enough give to mold itself to the contours of her face and seal her hair away smoothly as it was cinched tight thus negating the need to be adjustable. While that did somewhat complicate the process of putting it on, and made it paramount to be careful lest the wearer’s hair get caught in the zipper itself, it also meant that taking it off did not require long and tedious unlacing. As such her mistress simply unzipped the garment in one smooth motion and deftly slipped her fingers under the edges to practically peel the material from her plaything’s flushed and sweaty skin to reveal the somewhat matted but still brilliantly red hair hidden underneath. Tossing the hood onto the nearby table almost casually, the warm latex landing with a dull thud, Elise spared a long moment to simply run her fingers over the bound woman’s scalp, her darkly painted yet smoothly polished nails soothing tingling skin even as she brushed a few stray strands of hair out of her face and straightened the thick braid most of that fiery mane had been woven in to. For her part Claire just sighed softly, her body sagging as much as her corset would allow as she reveled in the welcome chill of cool air caressing her cheeks and the feeling of her mistress’s gentle touch practically massaging her scalp with those strangely smooth nails of hers.

Of course, as well she knew all good things must come to an end and all too soon those hands withdrew and settled back onto her shoulders, surprisingly soft yet firm fingers pressing into her skin to gently knead stiff muscles. However, before she could do much more than let out another quiet moan, the redhead was taken completely by surprise when Elise suddenly tightened her grip and dropped down low, shifting her hips at the last minute to practically twirl around her plaything’s kneeling form like a brass pole and drop down into her lap with a wide and clearly self-satisfied grin. Lacing her fingers together behind her plaything’s neck and leaning back ever so slightly to arch her spine and emphasize her modest but shapely bust, the brunette looked up into stunned eyes and winked playfully as she pitched her voice into a teasing lilt, “Much better. Now I can see that pretty face of yours.”

Compared to all of the things they had already done together, to say nothing of the fact that she was still wrapped up in bondage gear with her pussy exposed and her tits out, such a simple compliment should not have had such a profound effect but Claire still felt her cheeks heat up brightly and had to fight the urge to look away as she bit her lip. Honestly she probably looked like a complete mess at the moment with matted hair, clammy skin and no makeup but even so she managed a tiny smile of her own, “Thank you, mistress.”

“You’re very welcome, my dear.” Elise reiterated, “But now that I have you all situated, I do believe I promised you dinner.”

While it wasn’t exactly a question Claire found herself nodding along anyway with surprising enthusiasm, suddenly and keenly aware of just how *hungry* she actually was after the evening’s exertions despite the rather tight corset currently compressing her midsection. Pressing a quick kiss to a still heated cheek, Elise let go of her plaything’s admittedly inviting body and pushed herself back until she was sitting on the floor again. However, rather than reach for the serving tray sitting at her side, the pale brunette instead snatched up her backpack once again and proceeded to somewhat unexpectedly produce a half dozen candles. Without even acknowledging the bound redhead’s curious stare, she quickly set each one into a squat but ornate candlestick made of richly colored glass before placing the tapers into a rough semi-circle around the both of them. Producing a book of matches from her pocket then, the dominatrix flashed an almost velvety smile as she carefully lit each candle one at a time and cast the dimly lit room in a flickering curtain of amber before finally tossing the now empty pack aside. Mood thoroughly set, that smile turned almost sultry then and Claire felt a shiver race down her spine as she watched her mistress slide the tray between them with almost nonchalant casualness and removed the cover. Truth be told the bound woman hadn’t been certain what it was she’d been expecting, but even so she felt her breath catch in her throat and a familiar warmth bloom in her chest at the reveal of a simple box of Chinese takeout stuffed to the brim with fried rice. Nothing remarkable in and of itself perhaps, but this had been the very first meal they’d had together as girlfriends from the very same restaurant where they’d had their first date. Such a simple thing, but so profound as well and when combined with the lingering afterglow still cooling in her veins and the strangely kinky but undeniably romantic atmosphere of sharing a candlelit dinner together in their own private dungeon it was perhaps the sweetest thing anyone had ever done for her. Honestly touched, and a little overwhelmed, Claire felt tears begin to well up in her eyes unbidden, struck by the sudden sense of joy knotted tightly in her chest as the realization of just what today actually was struck. She and Elise had been formally dating for almost eight months, but it had been exactly one year ago tonight that she had stepped into Velvet Chains for the first time.

Sensing that her message had been well received, Elise’s smile softened into something heartfelt and almost tender as she reached out to cup her lover’s chin and gently lift that watery, blue-gray gaze to meet her own, “Happy anniversary, sweetheart.”

Laughter bubbling in her chest, Claire surged forward and captured her mistress’s lips, struggling in that moment to put the enormity of everything she was feeling into that kiss even as tears of joy continued to trail down her cheeks. Then again actions had always spoken louder than words as far as the both of them were concerned and Elise responded just as eagerly, deepening the kiss and weaving her fingers into the older woman’s rich auburn hair as she did. And yet, when they were finally forced to break apart again, the redhead still found herself smiling broadly even if her voice was soft and breathless and almost painfully tentative in its tone, “You remembered.”

“As if I could ever forget that day.” Elise assured, the ghost of something that almost resembled bashfulness crossing her features for the briefest of instants before she banished it back into the contours of her face and used the pad of her thumb to gently wipe away her lover’s tears, “Now, let’s eat before it gets cold.”

Tilting her head ever so slightly to nuzzle against her mistress’s hand, Claire offered a tiny nod of agreement and soon enough a comfortable silence enveloped them both as Elise picked up the box with one hand and a conveniently placed fork with the other to begin feeding her plaything while stealing bites of her own here and there. Not that the redhead really minded, of course. It was hardly the first time they had done something like this after all, though usually when the younger woman fed her it was breakfast in bed after a long night (and often a longer morning) in bondage rather than her current… *predicament*.

Still, there was something both comforting and strangely exciting about being taken care of like this, the act of giving herself over to the slender brunette’s control in even simple ways like this tickling her submissive nature *just right*. A feeling only amplified by the fact that the both of them had grown comfortable enough with each other that neither felt the need to fill the air with meaningless noise, content to simply revel in the intimacy of being together. Honestly, even beyond everything else, that was one of the things that Claire loved most about her mistress. Of course, the silence also gave her time to think and as they ate the bound woman found her thoughts beginning to wander. The last year had been incredible, wonderful in ways that she had never dared to dream. Elise had been more than just a breath of fresh air, the younger woman was fuel to the fire, tinder to reignite the fading embers of the older woman’s passion and more than once, when she’d really stopped to think about it, the redhead realized that she was happy. Truly, incredibly and terrifyingly *happy*.

It wasn’t just the sex or the bondage, as pleasant as those had been, but an inexplicable sense of excitement that had seemingly infused every single part of her life. Claire did not regret her choices, she did not regret her marriage, and she certainly did not regret the sacrifices she had made for her daughter, but somewhere along the way she had stopped *living* and had simply started *existing*. The world had turned gray, each day the same as the last, a routine that was neither good nor bad just *there* like a series of points checked off a list. Now though? Now it was like she could finally see, finally breathe again after an eternity spent trapped in a fog she had bared even noticed and as she glanced up almost shyly at her mistress, the bound woman could not help but smile softly as a very different kind of blush touched her cheeks.

And yet, for all of that Claire could not help but feel that something was missing as well. The last year had been wonderful, incredible beyond her wildest imaginings, but no matter how much time they spent together some part of her felt as if it was never enough. Especially after having danced around each other for months, the both of them either too afraid or too deep in denial to recognize what had been slowly growing between them. The evening visits and late night calls were wonderful, the random texts often brought a smile to her face or a blush to her cheek, so much so in fact that some of her friends and co-workers were even beginning to wonder if she was dating again, but it wasn’t enough. The redhead knew it was selfish of her, that she should be grateful for what she had, but at the same time she well knew from bitter experience just how fragile life could be and just how suddenly even the most blissful happiness could be torn away. It felt strange, almost taboo in some indefinable way, more so even than sleeping with a woman half her age, but she wanted more. She wanted to be open about who she loved and how she loved them, to have more than covert dates and midnight visits, to openly walk with Elise at her side and proclaim to the world without shame that the younger woman was her lover. At first the both of them had been reticent, perhaps still unsure about their relationship and the tentative steps they were taking together, but as time had gone on and their bond had only strengthened Claire felt her resolve crystallize. Perhaps the past would always weigh on her, but for the first time in a long time she was certain the future would be bright if only she was willing to seize it. And so, as she sat kneeling in her own private dungeon on their anniversary being fed by the young dominatrix who had captured her heart, the older woman realized that it was her turn to be bold.

Banishing the last traces of her indecision as the meal began to draw to a close, the redhead bit the corner of her lip and drew herself up as best she could and finally broke the silence, “Mistress? I’ve been thinking…”

“Dangerous.” Elise interrupted, teasing gently, laughter like silver bells ringing through the room at the playfully put upon pout she received in turn, “What have you been thinking about, pet?”

Oddly enough the irreverence actually made her relax just a bit and Claire felt some of the tension in her body dissipate as she decided to just go ahead and spit it out, “Will you stay with me, mistress?”

The pale brunette’s smile turned sharp, the piercings in her lower lip flashing gold in the candlelight as she set the mostly empty take-out box aside and reached out to cup the bound woman’s face again, her voice as soft as silk and yet thick with promise, “My dear, dear slave, I’ve cleared my entire *weekend* for this.”

For the briefest instant Claire almost lost herself in those words, and the growing fantasy of just what her mistress was planning to do to her, but she shook her head to clear it and eventually managed to find her voice again, “No, mistress. I mean, that sounds *wonderful*, but I just… I mean being with you, being *yours,* is one of the best things that has ever happened to me, so I was just wondering if… if you’d like to move in?”

For an agonizingly long heartbeat or two Elise actually looked taken aback, as if that were the very last thing she had ever expected to hear, but almost as quickly the pale brunette’s face lit up with delight, her smile shifting into something far more honest even if a note of caution still tinted her voice, “You mean, you want to live together with me?”

Nodding almost shyly, a bashful blush coloring her cheeks now, Claire managed what she hoped was a reassuring smile, “I do, mistress. I want to go to sleep every night curled up next to you, and wake up every morning in your arms. I want to make you dinner when you get home and take you out on the town to show you off. I want the *whole world* to know that I belong to the most beautiful girl in the world.”

For a brief moment Elise looked honestly stunned, her eyes shimmering as if she too were about to shed tears of joy, but soon enough all of that vanished only to be replaced with a smile that could have lit up the room as the brunette practically lunged forward to cup Claire’s face with both hands and crushed their lips together so fiercely that her piercings actually dug into the older woman’s sensitive flesh in a way that was almost painful. Not that either one of them cared as the young dominatrix kissed her slave with such intense passion that the both of them were left breathless and panting by the time it finally ended. Still gently caressing the redhead’s cheeks after several long moments, Elise’s smile shifted subtly and her voice dipped into a quiet purr, “Nothing would make me happier, pet. But you know, now that we’re talking about ideas, I’ve been thinking about something myself.”

Although still reeling from that kiss, Claire licked slightly swollen lips with the tip of her tongue, swearing she could taste the younger woman’s lip gloss there, and regarded her mistress curiously, “What’s that, mistress?”

“It was just an idle thought that popped into my head the other day when I was at the club.” Elise drawled as she allowed her hands to glide down the older woman’s shoulders and along her sides, fingers just grazing the edges of her breasts as they went, “It struck me that as wonderful as being with you is, our schedules are so different that it’s hard to find the time.” A tiny, teasing smile suddenly curved the brunette’s pierced lips, “Now, being your live-in dominatrix will certainly help with that, but I couldn’t help but imagine just how much more… *interesting* our nights would become if you came and worked with me as well.”

Distracted as she was by that feather-soft touch drawing nonsense patterns across her chest, for a brief moment Claire was not certain she had heard correctly, but just as quickly the weight of her mistress’s words struck full force and the redhead’s breath caught in her throat making the clamps dangling from her aching nipples shake harshly. Cheeks going bright red, the bound woman found herself squirming just a bit beneath her mistress’s gaze as her mind began to race. The idea of Elise being her live-in mistress, or perhaps more accurately being the younger woman’s live-in sex slave, was enticing enough on its own but this went so far beyond that. It was true that more than once she had wondered about the specifics of her girlfriend’s career, and on more than a few cold and lonely nights she had fantasized about taking a more… active role in her lover’s professional life, but such things had been little more than idle daydreams as she lost herself in a haze of self-bondage and self-pleasure. An enticing fantasy perhaps, but not something she had ever considered seriously. And yet, now that the idea had been planted in her head it refused to let her go. Of course it was always possible that her mistress was just teasing and so Claire found herself swallowing softly as she tried to keep the quaver from her voice, “What do you mean, mistress?”

Levering herself up onto her knees, Elise shifted her hips to perch upon the older woman’s lap once again and let an almost coy note slip into her tone, “I’ve been toying with the idea of getting an assistant for a while now, and I can’t think of anyone I’d rather have by my side than you. Besides, having a pretty woman bound and on display adds a great deal of *spice* to a session.” Almost smirking now, the pale brunette emphasized her point by leaning in to brush her lips against a warm cheek and whisper into a sensitive ear, “And I could use a new model for… *live demonstrations*.”

Clenching her eyes shut, Claire bit her lip hard to try and stifle a whimper as hot breath caressed her skin and a shiver raced down her spine, the surprisingly vivid image her mistress had painted unfolding in her mind’s eye. In truth the redhead found it almost shocking how easily she could envision the things the younger woman was saying, visions of herself meekly assisting the pale dominatrix while wrapped up in fetish gear, or naked and on display while bound and gagged and punished, teasing her imagination and sending a pulse of pure arousal straight into her core.

More than that thought, what truly caught the kneeling woman off guard was just how *tempting* it all was. Pride in her looks aside, Claire had never thought of herself as a model, much less an exhibitionist, but it was deceptively easy to imagine herself in such situations now that it had all been laid out before her and almost shocking how much the concept turned her on. Then again Elise had always been able to effortlessly draw out her deepest desires and push her to her limits into all new areas of blissful self-discovery. And yet, despite the excitement coursing through her veins and the heat throbbing between her legs, the redhead could not help but hesitate ever so slightly. Even if she had presented the offer in a playful and decidedly teasing tone, the older woman could tell that her mistress had nevertheless been serious and therein lay the problem.

Some part of her wanted to accept, wanted it so badly that it hurt, but could she? *Should* she? More time with her lover was always welcome of course, as was the opportunity to explore her fetishes in even greater depth, but at the same time some part of her also could not help but shy away from leaving her old life behind so thoroughly. Before she could spiral too far, however, the bound and kneeling redhead forced herself to take a deep breath and tried to calm her racing thoughts. If nothing else the last year had taught her the value of being honest with herself and pursuing her desires without fear or hesitation. And so, a tiny smile tugging at the corner of her lips, Claire leaned forward to rest her chin on her mistress’s shoulder, pressing their bodies together as best she could to try to embrace the younger woman despite the fact that her arms were tightly bound behind her back.

“I don’t think I’m quite ready to quit my job just yet, mistress.” the redhead began, tentatively, “But it does sound like fun, so maybe we can give it a try.”

The kiss she received in response was soft and warm and passionate for all its gentleness, a silent acknowledgment of her acceptance and a quiet affirmation of her mistress’s care as the younger woman carefully wrapped her arms around her companion’s body and held her close. It was only when Claire let out a shaky breath she hadn’t even realized she’d been holding and let herself melt into the pale brunette’s embrace that Elise finally spoke, “Thank you my dear, but I think that’s enough excitement for one night. What do you say we go and get you ready for bed?”

While a part of her hoped that was a euphemism for more sex, Claire just offered an almost tired smile and nodded, “That sounds wonderful, mistress.”

Another kiss, to the cheek this time, was her only answer before Elise reluctantly disentangled herself from the redhead’s invitingly lush body and awkwardly rolled back onto the balls of her feet, crouched low for a moment or two as she carefully hooked the catheter’s reservoir to one of the D-rings studding the bound woman’s boots and then extinguished the candles surrounding them one by one before finally springing to her full height. As she did the slender young woman twisted almost sinuously, uncoiling her body like a spring and stretching her taut frame in a deliberately sensual manner while angling her hips just right to show off her narrow waist and arching her back as she craned her neck and reached up with both arms to pop her spine, the posture drawing attention to her chest and the way her admittedly modest bust strained against her shirt. It was a sight that Claire knew she would never tire of, blue-gray eyes tracing every line of her mistress’s elegantly enticing form, especially the way her nipples and the rings pierced through them stood out proudly through the thin material stretched over her chest to let the slightest hint of chrome shine through the tightly stretched cloth.

Unfortunately the show did not last long before the pale young woman’s muscles seemed to uncoil and she allowed her arms to drop back to her sides as her body slipped into a far more natural pose, though the glint in her eye and the tiny smirk tugging at the corners of her pierced lips suggested that the young dominatrix was more than aware of the effect she was having on her plaything. In any case, once she was finished stretching Elise quickly padded across the concrete floor to circle behind the kneeling woman once again and bent down low to release the clip holding the base of her armbinder to the bar forcing her ankles apart. From there she quickly unbuckled the cuffs binding the redhead’s ankles and Claire found herself at least partially free from her bonds, or at least no longer forced to remain on her knees. As if her mistress could sense her thoughts, the older woman almost immediately felt slender hands work their way beneath her still tightly bound arms followed by a gentle but insistent pressure urging her to rise. Legs more than a little stiff from being forced to sit on them for so long, and muscles protesting the strain as she struggled to stand, with a bit of help from her mistress the bound redhead nevertheless managed to climb back onto her feet eventually, although the momentary rush of vertigo that came from finding her once again balanced atop the towering stiletto heels of her ballet boots was a bit disorienting.

Hands lingering on the woman’s hips for just a moment to make certain she did not topple over, fingers caressing sensitive skin sheathed in tight latex and eliciting an almost purring moan, Elise eventually slipped around the redhead’s statuesque form and flashed a smile as she reached up to loop a finger under the chain connecting her nipple clamps together, “Ready?”

Glancing down at the younger woman, Claire bit her lip but did not answer immediately. It was funny in a way. When in her element her mistress always seemed larger than life, her voice infused with power and every step charged with leonine grace, but in their current position it was impossible not to notice just how *short* Elise actually was. Of course part of that was due to the six inch heels the redhead found herself in, but even so the incongruity was striking. Any yet, the bound woman could not deny that there was just something so utterly *sexy* about being dominated by a woman that was both half her age and nearly a head shorter. However, before she could lose herself fully in that thought a short, sharp tug at her clamps drew Claire back into the moment and made her wince ever so slightly. Glancing at her mistress’s still grinning face, the older woman could not help but offer a tiny and almost apologetic smile of her own, “Lead on, mistress.”

Winking playfully, and using the nipple clamps as an impromptu leash, Elise proceeded to do just that, casually and yet insistently guiding her plaything out of the little dungeon and into the basement proper before making a beeline for the stairs. Rather than pay too much attention to her surroundings however, Claire just focused on maintaining her balance as she followed along while trying to keep up with her mistress and prevent her already aching nipples from suffering any further abuse. A task made surprisingly difficult by the pale brunette’s strangely brisk pace, though in the end the bound woman managed to keep the pressure off the clamps for the most part as they walked, the occasional tug swiftly prompting her to pick up her own tempo whenever she fell behind.

Still the redhead could not help but find it all a little curious. Usually when her mistress led her somewhere, be it on a leash or otherwise, the younger woman’s steps were slow and unhurried and often punctuated by a deliberately sensual strut, almost as if she were making a point about who was truly in control while also taking the opportunity to show off the sleek lines of her body. Rarely did she rush, and even more rarely was eager excitement so obviously visible in her body language when she did. As such, as the rhythmic click of stiletto heels against concrete gave way to the dull thud of wood and then the delicate tap of ceramic tile beneath her feet as they mounted the steps and then walked out into the kitchen, the older woman could not help but wonder what was about to happen, a thread of excitement coiling within her. If nothing else Elise certainly had a talent for making even the most mundane activities exciting and, when it came to BDSM, had an incredibly creative and deviously talented mind. Whatever it was they were rushing toward the redhead honestly could not wait to find out and, buoyed by those thoughts, they passed through the kitchen and out into the living room in the blink of an eye, the curtains pulled tight and casting the entire space in darkness, and Claire found her heels sinking into the thick carpeting as she was practically pulled up the stairs to the second floor and into the comforting and familiar warmth of her bedroom. Unlike most of the rest of the house this space had not been left dark, the lamp sitting on her nightstand casting the chamber in a clear but gentle light, though contrary to her expectations nothing out of the ordinary was waiting for her. No obvious restraints, no gear laid out for inspection, not even a new outfit. And yet, despite her curiosity and disappointment the bound woman said nothing as Elise slowed her pace and let go of the clamps, finally easing the pressure on her companion's throbbing nipples.

Glancing about the room briefly as if looking for something, the pale brunette flashed a brief smile and took hold of the older woman’s hips to guide her across the room and down onto the bed. While certainly glad to be able to rest her feet properly Claire still had to wince ever so slightly, biting her lip to suppress a moan as her ass hit the mattress perhaps a bit harder than she had intended and her weight pressed the butt plug she was still wearing even deeper into her body while the sudden motion made her catheter shift in a decidedly *interesting* fashion. Even so the bound woman still found herself letting out a sigh of relief as the strain faded from her ankles. While she may have normally liked wearing high heels, and indeed she positively adored the way they made her legs look, stilettos had always given her a bit of trouble and compared to that the ballet boots she found herself in were on a completely different level. Still, as she began to relax ever so slightly that relief was compounded when Elise suddenly dropped down onto the floor, her knees sinking into the lush carpet as she gently spread the older woman’s thighs to begin the long and complex process of unbuckling and unlacing her boots.

Despite her familiarity with the process it still took the younger woman perhaps ten minutes to complete, but eventually she slid the stiff yet still somehow supple leather down shapely legs to reveal the skintight black latex underneath. Smiling up at her still tightly bound companion, the slender brunette set the boots aside and reached out to run her hands down a toned calf and gently began to massage a slightly swollen ankle before slowly working her way down a stiff, latex-clad foot. Toes curling sharply and moaning with almost orgasmic intensity as strong fingers soothed cramps she hadn’t even been aware of, Claire felt her shoulders sag as that utterly blissful sensation washed over her. Drifting in pleasure, the bound woman actually whimpered softly in disappointment when the massage at last came to an end only to gasp in surprise when a loud snapping sound filled the air and the crushingly tight embrace of her corset loosened ever so slightly. A second snap quickly followed the first and the older woman instinctively looked down to see Elise opening the clasps of her waist-cincher one by one until the tight, steel-boned garment practically flew open as the tension holding her body into an almost impossibly wasp-waisted silhouette shattered like a pane of glass. Although a touch disappointed to feel the device being removed as she had come to actually enjoy the way corsets compressed and shaped her body, Claire still found herself letting out a sigh of relief as she took a deep breath, as if to confirm for herself that she actually could.

Smiling softly as she watched her plaything enjoy her newfound freedom, such as it was, Elise took the opportunity to climb up onto the bed herself. Crawling across the mattress to seat herself behind the older woman’s latex-clad frame, the pale brunette reached out and ran a slender finger down the length of the monoglove still restraining Claire’s arms, the supple leather pulled so taut that it actually forced her elbows to touch within their confinement. It was a position that a normal woman could have found tiring at best, or extremely painful at worst, but if nothing else the redhead had proven herself to be both incredibly determined and extremely tough over the last year. Grin sharpening as she watched the buttery soft material dimple beneath her touch, the young dominatrix began to loosen the various straps holding the armbinder tight to finally ease the tension on her plaything’s sharply wrenched back shoulders. At the same time she also unbuckled the straps crisscrossing the redhead’s chest before finally opening the zipper that ran the device’s entire length to reveal the shapely limbs imprisoned within. Smile softening ever so slightly as Claire’s body seemed to uncoil, she let out a sigh of relief that was very nearly a moan, Elise pushed herself up onto her knees and laid her hands on sore shoulders, slender fingers gently massaging away the knots that had begun to form as she leaned in close, “There we are. Feeling better?”

If the foot rub had been heavenly then this was sheer bliss and Claire could not help but lean against her mistress’s body, molding herself against the younger woman’s chest and blushing ever so slightly at the feeling of hard and eager nipples poking through the thin material covering her back, “Thank you, mistress. I feel *wonderful*.”

Brushing her lips against the back of the older woman’s neck and nibbling at an ear playfully, Elise allowed her voice to drop into a low and husky purr, “Very good, my dear. Very good. Now you just sit tight while I get you something more… *appropriate* to wear. Or would you prefer less appropriate?”

Although she shivered ever so slightly at the touch of those delicate, pierced lips against her skin, Claire still found herself smiling ever so slightly at that little joke, “I don’t know, mistress. Why don’t you surprise me?”

“Dangerous words, pet. Very dangerous.” Elsie warned, that playful edge still underlining her tone, “*Challenge accepted*.”

Letting those words hang in the air between them as a shiver raced down her spine, Claire swallowed hard as the pale brunette pulled away after offering one last kiss and climbing back off the bed and onto her feet once more, toes sinking into the plush carpeting as she made her way across the room and straight for the walk-in closet. Whisper quiet on well oiled tracks, the darkly stained doors practically flew open beneath the barest touch to reveal the bounty within. Plenty of the redhead’s own clothing was on display of course, but over the last few months especially it had been joined by both an ever growing collection of fetish gear as well as more than a few of her mistress’s own outfits. Proof positive that, much like the section of the bathroom counter that she had also claimed for herself, Elise was already basically living here and that Claire’s own invitation had been more of a formality than anything else, or at the very least a symbol of the growing intimacy of their relationship.

Whatever the case, the slender dominatrix glanced over her shoulder and offered her plaything a wink before spending what felt like an eternity perusing the selection on offer, each passing heartbeat ratcheting up the tension that sat thick in the air. So much so that the latex-clad woman sitting on the bed actually felt herself begin to vibrate in anticipation as she watched, a whole flock of butterflies taking flight in her stomach. There was no doubt that she was going to be bound again, after all she rarely went to bed unrestrained these days and never when her mistress spent the night, but despite knowing this she still found the wait maddening.

Then again one of the first things that she had been taught was that anticipation was the greatest form of foreplay, and Elise had undoubtedly proven herself a master of the art. Taking a breath, the redhead forced herself to relax again and thankfully her mistress did not make her wait much longer, the pale brunette eventually making up her mind and pulling something off of a hanger and clutching it close to her chest. Twisting around with surprising grace, the younger woman’s smile widened as she held up her prize, a bolero straitjacket made of the same smooth, dark leather as the monoglove that she’d kept her plaything restrained within for most of the afternoon. While she adored bondage of all types, truth be told the jacket was one of Claire’s favorite restraints. Sturdy enough to be utterly inescapable, comfortable enough to be worn for extended periods of time, and best of all scant enough to leave her breasts fully accessible. It was perfect, absolutely perfect and the older woman found herself nodding ever so slightly in silent agreement at her mistress’s unasked question, a tiny smile tugging at the corners of her own lips.

Smile shifting into something that never failed to make her plaything’s knees weak, and set a fire smoldering in her core, Elise began to practically sashay across the room, hips rolling with deliberately exaggerated grace as she closed the distance between them one step at a time. Swallowing softly, and well aware of what was about to happen, Claire obediently raised her arms and offered not the slightest bit of resistance as the straitjacket was slid into place and she was slowly, carefully and yet lovingly strapped up into a helpless self embrace, the leather pulling her shoulders into an inviting arch and framing her bare breasts perfectly. Watching with an almost critical eye as the older woman tensed and began to instinctively test her bonds, as if to confirm to herself that she truly was powerless now, the pale brunette’s grin softened ever so slightly. Bracing a knee against the mattress she reached out to run the back of her hand along her plaything’s jaw, eliciting a quiet shiver and stilling those struggles instantly as the bound woman looked up to meet her stormy gray eyes.

Still grinning ever so slightly, the young dominatrix lifted herself up to fully straddle her plaything’s legs and wrap her arms around the woman’s surprisingly slender waist. Gasping softly beneath that embrace, Claire parted her lips instinctively, a question heavy on her tongue, but before she could speak her mistress silenced her with a kiss. A kiss she gladly gave herself over to, eyes sliding closed as an achingly familiar tongue slipped into her mouth and a slow, sensuous and equally familiar dance began. However, before she could fully lose herself in the bliss of the moment the redhead’s eyes snapped open, a strange sense of vertigo almost overtaking her as Elise forced her down onto the bed, half pushing and half cradling the bound woman’s form as she did. Flat on her back and staring up into her mistress’s face as the younger woman perched above her on all fours, she honestly didn’t know what to think but a second kiss, hot and heavy and *hungry*, quickly drove all thought from her mind.

As she deepened the kiss, eagerly plundering her plaything’s sweet mouth and tasting the faintest hint of spices lingering on an equally eager tongue, Elise lifted her hips forward to shift her weight onto her knees as she reached up to tangle her fingers in a rich, auburn mane. Despite their position, and despite working blind, the younger woman quickly managed to work Claire’s tangled and matted hair out of the tight braid it had been confined within. When she finally broke the kiss a moment later and pulled away to offer a tiny smile, it almost looked as if a halo of fire had been splayed out upon the pillow surrounding the bound woman’s head. Taking in the sight, almost awed by her lover’s casual beauty even in moments like this, the pale brunette eventually shook herself out of her musing a heartbeat later and reached across the bed to open one of the nightstands. Rummaging through the little collection of toys she had begun to keep on hand for occasions like this, Elise ultimately selected a somewhat modest butterfly gag and help up her prize with both hands, her piercings just catching the light as her grin shifted into a smirk, “Now, do be a good little slut and say ‘ah’ for me.”

“Yes, mistress.” Claire practically murmured, her blush returning full force at the sight of a gag she knew she could wear all night long and then some without trouble, before obediently parting her lips and opening her mouth wide, “Ah!”

Despite the fact that it was far from the largest or most complex gag they owned, it still took Elise a few moments to work the device into place, the pale brunette taking special care to make certain the breathing tube was clear and that it did not overly strain her plaything’s jaws before finally pressing the leather panel over the older woman’s mouth and strapping it snugly into place. Clearly satisfied with her work, the younger woman pressed a quick kiss to her companion's forehead and Claire felt herself moan softly as she allowed the sensation of being properly bound and gagged once again, to say nothing of still being clamped and plugged and catheterized, wash over her. Of course, her mistress was not done with her just yet and soon enough the young dominatrix climbed off the bed to begin rummaging through the nightstand again, this time retrieving a pair of wide leather belts. Perched wordlessly on the edge of the mattress, Elise went to work, binding the older woman’s legs together at the ankles and just above the knees. Well and truly helpless now, and loving every moment of it, the redhead found that she could do little more than writhe within her confinement as her mistress checked over the buckles of her restraints one last time and shifted her catheter’s now half full reservoir into a better position to keep it from spilling as she struggled.

It was only then that the younger woman reached out to cup a flushed cheek, the pad of her thumb delicately caressing the elegant curve of her plaything’s jaw as she offered a warm and comforting smile, “Comfy, my dear?”

Instinctively pressing against her mistress’s hand, Claire murmured into her gag as she rolled her shoulders and twisted her body into a slightly more comfortable position, straining briefly against her bonds before giving a tiny nod, “Mmh, mnhhrmhh.”

“There’s my good girl.” Elise practically coed as she slowly drew her hand under the older woman’s chin and down to the hollow of her throat, “Still, seeing you like this is certainly… *inspiring*.” she paused briefly to further emphasize the word before smiling almost impishly, “In fact, perhaps it’s my turn to put on something a little *less appropriate* as well. What do you say, would you like that?”

Practically trembling now as slender fingers continued to ghost over her delicate skin, a shuddering moan echoing deep in her throat and muffled by her gag, Claire tilted her head to grant her mistress better access and instinctively arched her back to thrust out her breasts. Truth be told it was hard to say exactly what her mistress was hinting at, Elise had a rather eclectic fashion sense at the best of times and she had shown off any number of *very inappropriate* outfits since they had become lovers, much to the older woman’s not so secret delight, but whatever the case she felt a familiar frisson of arousal between her legs as her already throbbing nipples hardened within the cruel confines of the clamps adorning them. Moaning again, louder this time, the redhead tried to enunciate through her gag as best she could, “Mmh, mnhhrmhh! Hhrnch mrr, mnhhrmhh!”

In lieu of a direct response Elise bent down low to offer her plaything a face full of, admittedly modest, cleavage before pressing a kiss to the bound woman’s brow, “Then watch closely, my dear. It’s going to be *quite* the show, I promise you that.”

Making a tiny noise of agreement deep in her throat, Claire nodded as best she could before craning her neck to watch as her mistress twisted her body around to perch upon the edge of the mattress before pushing herself upright with both hands and springing to her feet with practiced grace. However, rather than offer a parting smile or a teasing quip as she so often did, Elise simply squared her admittedly elegant shoulders and turned to walk away, the angle of her body emphasizing her slender waist and the graceful curve of her spine. And yet, despite her apparent indifference, the brunette began to roll her hips in an almost seductive arc as she walked, each step infused with familiar precision and power as she crossed the room. Soon enough, and never once breaking stride, she wordless slid her fingers beneath the hem of her shirt and pulled the tank top up and over her head in one smooth motion, the shimmering ebony waves of her hair rippling like a cascade as her surprisingly toned back was revealed to the world confirming that Claire had indeed been correct earlier and that her mistress was most definitely *not* wearing a bra.

Almost casually allowing the garment to slip from slender fingers and flutter to the floor, the pale dominatrix continued her almost leisurely stroll as she reached up over her head with both hands, fingers intertwined and knuckles cracking softly as she stretched with impossibly sinuous, and deliberately sensual, flexibility. Of course, as enticing as that was and as much as the redhead felt her gaze linger on that pale form, the show was far from over. Without missing a beat, almost as if aware of the eyes threatening to burn a hole in her back, Elise allowed her arms to drop down to her sides, thumbs hooking beneath the waistband of her wondrously short and deliciously tight shorts as she did. Practically sensing the anticipation in the air, the pale brunette tugged at the last bit of her clothing ever so slightly, stretching the delicate cloth just a bit before slipping it over her hips and allowing it to tumble down well-turned legs and onto the floor.

Completely naked now, the light playing over her skin in dappled patches as muscles seemed to ripple beneath pale flesh, the young woman paused then as she at last reached the dresser sitting in the corner. Running a finger along its dark wooden surface, Elise finally looked back, an achingly familiar and wondrously sultry smile tugging at her lips and making the trio of piercings studded through them flash as she twisted her body into a model’s pose, a hand on her hip to emphasize the curves of her ass. And what an ass it was. Firm and yet soft, wondrously smooth and with just enough curve to perfectly suit the rest of her slender frame. It was an ass made to be touched, to be kissed, to be *worshiped* and even confined within the mercilessly inescapable grip of a straitjacket Claire felt her arms strain as she longed to do just that.

Something of that sudden hunger must have shown on her face because the pale brunette’s smile sharpened into something almost devilish and very, *very* pleased. Biting the corner of her lip in a deliberately seductive gesture, the young woman never once broke eye contact as she slowly drew her finger along the dresser’s surface before looping it through one of the antique brass handles dangling from the front and opening the top drawer. It was hard to see exactly what was happening from this angle of course, but Claire was well aware of the fact that the closet was hardly the only part of the bedroom that Elise had begun to take over and so was not at all surprised when her mistress slowly and almost teasingly withdrew a rather scant piece of lingerie from within, the barest scrap of black lace dangling from the crook of her finger.

Eyes alight with something like lust, the pale brunette’s smile only seemed to sharpen for the briefest of instants as she pursed her lips ever so slightly and blew her plaything a kiss before suddenly turning away again. Before she could pause to consider what that might mean, the bound woman’s eyes went wide as her mistress suddenly bent down sharply at the waist, free hand trailing suggestively down her thigh as she spread her legs wide, the seductive roll of her hips transforming the tableaux into something utterly mouth watering. Her sex now clearly on display, slick flesh glistening in the light and the faintest glint of chrome betraying the presence of the ring pierced through her clit, the young woman stayed like that for what felt like an eternity, playfully rocking her hips side to side before finally stepping into the thong, her body shifting as she pulled the slinky garment into place until the narrow arc of lace highlighted her curves beautifully and once again drew the eye to that wondrously perfect ass.

For a moment Elise seemed content to stay like that, to show off her body and tease her lover all at once, a demonstration of both her beauty and her flexibility, to say nothing of her willingness to use it. A show and a promise all at once. Eventually, disappointingly, the young woman straightened up again and loosely shook her hair back into some semblance of messy order before casually grabbing a nightgown out of the open drawer as well and slipping it over her head almost as an afterthought. It was only then, as she smoothed the sheer material into place, that the pale brunette finally turned around and Claire honestly felt her breath catch in her throat. While it was true that she had seen her mistress in far, *far* less there was something about the sight of the other woman dressed so provocatively that was completely and utterly captivating. The nightgown, hanging from elegant shoulders by slender spaghetti straps, clung to her body more like a particularly racy cocktail dress rather than a piece of sleep ware, the neckline plunging down far enough to leave most of her chest bare while the hem itself barely reached mid-thigh. More than that the entire garment was made of some gauzy material so fine and so delicate that it was positively *translucent* in this light. So much so in fact that despite being covered, at least somewhat, Elise’s breasts were on full display, the rings adorning hard and eager nipples standing out proudly, as was the lacy g-string shielding what little remained of her modesty.

She was, in short, an absolute vision and for the briefest moment Claire felt her mouth go dry, her catsuit feeling almost unbearably hot as a surge of want raced through her veins and the leather binding her body seemed to tighten of its own accord. Clearly aware of the effect she was having, and greatly pleased by that fact, a brief flash of *something* flitted through the pale brunette’s stormy gray eyes like lightning before she placed a hand on a jauntily cocked hip once more and bit the corner of her lip in a deliberately seductive gesture. Gazing with the very definition of bedroom eyes the young woman began to stalk back across the room once again, her pace slow and unhurried like a jungle cat stalking its prey, or a beautifully venomous serpent tightening its coils to strike. Whatever the case, the bound woman felt a sudden surge of sympathy as she finally realized what it must feel like to be a deer in headlights. More than the straps crisscrossing her body or the gag filling her mouth those eyes made her feel well and truly helpless and unbidden a blush rose on her cheeks, a rising tide of arousal tingling beneath her skin and settling between her legs as she unconsciously clamped her thighs together even tighter and whimpered softly.

At first Elise pretended not to notice, but by the time the pale brunette had closed the distance between them and bent down sharply to crawl up onto the bed while offering an even more impressive view of her modest cleavage, the corners of her mouth had begun to twitch upwards into a familiar smirk. Pulling herself across the mattress with the same sort of sinuous grace that seemed to infuse each and every one of the woman’s steps until she found herself perched on all fours above her tightly bound companion, long hair cascading around them like a curtain of midnight and her eyes alight with excitement, the young dominatrix allowed her gaze to rake across the lush form lain out beneath her like a starving woman suddenly presented with a feast. Blush intensifying beneath that gaze, Claire still unconsciously arched her back in a familiar gesture to put herself more thoroughly on display, thrusting her breasts out and making the clamps adorning them shift in a way that straddled the line between pleasure and pain even as the sensation only seemed to fuel the fire in her loins. And yet, even as she offered that silent plea and practically *begged* her mistress to play with her, it seemed as if the pale girl was content to simply ignore that for the moment. Instead she just smiled ever so softly and reached over to turn out the lights, plunging the room into darkness. The redhead actually felt herself gasp in surprise, and perhaps a touch of instinctive panic, before her vision managed to adjust and her mistress came back into view, the soft glow of the streetlights outside diffused through the curtains painting the angles of the woman’s face with an almost ethereal glow. Still smiling, the brunette shifted her weight in order to brace herself on one hand and reached out to cup a heated cheek before pressing a kiss to the tip of her plaything’s nose and lowering herself down to curl up at the older woman’s side.

Draping an arm over the redhead’s chest to cup a breast, gently kneading that sensitive mound and eliciting a muffled moan of pleasure, Elise’s smile flashed in the darkness as she allowed her fingers to trail upwards ever so slightly, “Your nipples must be positively *aching* by now, slut. Are you ready for me to take the clamps off?” something in the younger woman’s voice shifted then as she craned her neck to nip almost roughly at an ear, “Or perhaps you’d rather I *tightened* them again?”

Whimpering softly into her gag as she felt her mistress’s fingers glide along the curve of her breast to trace the edges of her nipple clamps one at a time, the gentle pressure still managing to twist the cruel devices just enough to send a jot of pain into her already throbbing flesh, Claire closed her eyes and swallowed hard even as the contrasting sensation of hot breath tickling her skin sent a shiver racing down her spine. Truth be told she was tempted, sorely tempted, to beg Elise for more. As hard as it was to even imagine she knew that the clamps could be tightened even further, and part of her wanted to know what that would feel like to be pushed just a little bit more until she hit the very edge and whatever lay beyond it.

And yet as much as she had enjoyed the experience, as much as the pain had only managed to heighten her pleasure and the intensity of her orgasms she knew it was not possible. Her nipples were already throbbing, so numb that they practically *burned* within the harsh confines of the metal pinching them relentlessly and after what felt like hours of enduring that particular torment she knew that more was simply not possible, at least not safely. And so, despite an urge to throw caution to the wind, to see if she could actually wear these devious little monsters all night long, the unfortunate reality was undeniable. Even the most experienced practitioners of BDSM had their limits, and she was at hers. Her mistress knew that of course, had taught her that in fact, but still Claire could not help but appreciated that the younger woman was willing to indulge her, to let the fantasy linger for just a little bit longer.

So, letting out a breath through her nose, the bound woman just shook her head ever so slightly, “Nr, mnhhrmhh. Hrmrhm hrchm hhmm rhh.”

“Your wish is my command.” Elise practically breathed, sending another shiver down the redhead’s spine before propping herself up ever so slightly and reaching out with her free hand to begin slowly loosening the screws holding the clamps so cruelly tight.

As much as she enjoyed wearing nipples clamps, the pain and submissive thrill of being punished juxtaposed with the aesthetics of the clamps themselves dangling from her chest like oversize jewelry, Claire still found the sensation of those blunted metal spikes rotating against her sensitive skin to be an odd feeling at best as the clamps finally slackened. A tiny wince still marred her features as the toys were jostled somewhat roughly in the process, but thankfully they came free barely a heartbeat later, popping from her aching flesh with one final tug and for the briefest moment the redhead felt herself sight with relief as the relentless pinch of steel biting into her finally ended. Of course as well she knew that was just the calm before the storm and just as quickly blood rushed back in to wash away the pleasant numbness that had blunted the full force of the ache waiting for her.

Despite having braced herself as best she could the bound woman still screamed into her gag when twin spikes of pain seemed to hammer into her nipples, radiating throughout chest and spreading across her skin like fire, the throbbing sensation she had been enduring for what felt like hours roaring out of control like some terrible resonance pounding in time with her heart. Thankfully for her sake Elise reacted almost instantly to her lover’s distress, throwing a slender leg over the bound woman’s waist and tightening the well-toned muscles of her thigh as she struggled to keep the redhead still. At the same time the younger woman shifted her body to once again take hold of her plaything’s breasts, giving both of those delicate mounds a playful squeeze before taking an aching nipple into her mouth.

Eyes widening for very different reasons now, Claire moaned into her gag like a bitch in heat as soft lips and a softer tongue began to caress those aching nubs, soothing her hurts and sending a veritable wave of pleasure surging through her being, the sensations assaulting her already hyper-stimulated body almost overwhelming in their intensity. Not that she minded of course and the redhead once again found herself arching her back until it felt as if her spine might crack, the straps binding her legs together creaking against the strain as she squirmed and struggled beneath her mistress’s blissful touch. Indeed for the briefest moment, as her pussy clenched and her clit seemed to pulse in time with her heart, almost painfully aware now of the plug buried firmly up her ass and the catheter snaking its way into her bladder, the latex clad figure thought she might actually cum. Not that she expected her mistress to let her go that easily of course, and indeed once she began to moan and writhe in earnest, breath quickening as she trembled beneath the heat swirling within her loins, the pale brunette pulled back just enough to leave the older woman on the edge even as she switched sides to begin suckling at her other breast.

And yet, even as she groaned quietly in frustration, Claire still found herself relaxing incrementally beneath her mistress’s surprisingly gentle, if very exciting, ministrations. Even as some part of her practically *begged* for an orgasm, for relief from the arousal practically raging in her core, she also could not deny that she honestly enjoyed being teased like this. The reality of being helpless and completely at the mercy of whatever Elise might choose to do to her had always been part of what had drawn her to the younger woman, and excited her about their time together, but it was in moments like this when everything seemed to click into place and the redhead felt truly submissive. Besides, it *had* been a long and unexpectedly emotional day and almost unbidden the tightly bound redhead felt her eyelids begin to grow heavy as the pale brunette shifted once again to practically sprawl across her body, her attentions growing softer and gentler still, more like a massage than a prelude to something more intimate. Sleep beckoned and as the last shards of pain receded from her nipples and her muscles began to go slack within the warm embrace of the leather and latex encasing her, Claire found herself slowly drifting off, her mistress’s surprisingly light form pressing down on her like a blanket as slender but strong arms circled her body. Hidden though it was by her gag, the ghost of a smile tugged at the older woman’s lips. Tomorrow would bring its own challenges, especially considering the steps that the both of them had resolved to take together, but as she drifted off into a deep and dreamless sleep with the woman she loved she realized that it didn’t matter. Whatever the morning might bring, for the first time in a long time she would not face it alone, and for Claire Devroux that was more than enough.
