---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiessz/to_himself.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: To Himself
authors:
- Rob
tags:
- Sbm
- slave
- cons
- X
date: 2003-05-05 00:00:00
---

To Himself
by Rob

Dear Gromet,  This is a story I wrote a few years ago, before I
found your wonderful site that seems to have been custom designed to help
satisfy my kink.  This is a work of fiction, I would further hypothesis
that there might be some kind of remote monitoring device in a situation
like this to help promote safety or a get out of jail free card in the
event of emergency.  I hope your readers enjoy this as much as I enjoyed
fantasing while writing it.  
 
Rob
 
To Himself
 
He had received a fax from his Mistress as he was getting ready to
go home for work that evening and the instructions  there gave him
a chill as he read them and put his affairs in order for the day. The instructions
were implicit and he was to follow them immediately upon arriving home. 
He was caught three miles from home in the usual uptown traffic as
he commuted home in his Mercedes. He could barely keep his off of himself
as he drove but his Mistress had instructed him not to play with himself
that evening until she allowed him to, if she allowed him to.

After a few miles and countless forays into the recess of his imagination
traffic began to open up. He arrived shortly their after and proceeded
inside; his jacket hung over his arm to cover the obvious bulge in his
trousers. He once again read the fax as he closed the door behind himself.
Then he began to follow the instructions he had received.

First in the foyer of his home he removed his clothes and folded them
neatly beside the door so his Mistress would know he had been naked since
arriving. The AC in his house was already low but he had been instructed
to turn it down to 65 degrees. The rapidly cooling air brought goose bumps
to his naked flesh as he walked towards the master bedroom (Mistress bedroom
perhaps). Once he arrived in the bedroom he began by assembling the torture
chair that he had bought for his Mistress.

The chair consisted of heavy wood framing with a U shaped seat that
was not padded because Mistress thought that a slave should never be too
comfortable. On the seat was a large vibrating butt plug that was mounted
to lock the hips into to one position once the sub had become seated. The
back of the chair was one tall board with straps every four inches to secure
the arms or head or body of the sub in a vertical almost immobile position.
All of the chairs four legs had straps mounted on them to secure legs or
wrist or both in uncomfortable positions.

Once the chair was in position in the middle of the master bedroom he
moved into the bathroom and shaved, showered and relieved him-self because
he had no idea how long the session might last. He had taken his collar
and cuffs with him into the bathroom so he could don them once he was cleaned
up.

His heart accelerated rapidly once he began placing the leather about
his neck and limbs. He knew that Mistress would punish him if there was
one little bit of space left in the collar or cuffs when she arrived so
he made sure to secure them the same way she would.

Once he was wearing most of the accouterments of his Mistress’ desire
he went back into the bedroom and retrieved the "Gates of hell" that his
Mistress had purchased for him. He was so turned on at the sight of the
jumble of rings and leather that he could barely stand for a moment as
he contemplated putting it on. But first he had to think about baseball
as he allowed his erection to go down so the harness would go on.

After six of seven boring minutes he quickly picked up the harness and
slipped all six rings over and down to the base of his penis. Even though
he hurried he barely got the harness on in time to avoid another baseball
session. Once the rings were in place he buckled the confining ring around
his testicles and pulled it tight snapping it in place. His genitals were
completely confined at this point the skin of his swelling member forcing
the rings deeper into his sensitive flesh. After that it was no problem
the pull the waist belt around his waist and fasten it with a lock that
matched all of the others in the room, none of which he had a key too.

Pre-cum was already dribbling from the head of his penis as he walked
slowly and somewhat painfully towards the torture chair in the center of
the room. He picked up some Vaseline from the bedside table as he passed
so he could lube his anus to allow the butt plug.

He stood in front of the chair contemplating his fate for a minute before
opening the jar and gently applying some lubricant to his anus. The first
touch almost sent him into convulsions and he hoped that his Mistress would
see fit to allow him relief sometime tonight.

He turned his back to the chair and slowly lowered himself onto the
seat and plug. His muscles were somewhat resistant at first but he had
lubricated himself thoroughly before attempting to sit down and with one
brief pain the plug slid in and he was firmly seated on the chair.

After a moment he reached down and locked his ankle cuffs to the front
legs of the chair with a pair of the matching locks. At this point he could
relieve some of the stress and back out having only to suffer through standing
up and the "gates of hell." He knew however that his Mistress would not
be pleased and he had no wish to back out anyway, his mind contemplated
no, but his body screamed yes.

Once his ankles were locked he began buckling the straps on the leg
of the chair around his own legs every few inches effectively pinning his
legs to the chair without and inch of leeway. Once that was accomplished
he had to perform his next task which sent a shiver of dread through him,
not to mention a shiver a pleasure at the thought.

Reaching down between his spread legs and through the opening in the
chair he retrieved the end of a bungee cord that was attached to the cross
bar between the legs of the chair. This he attached through the last ring
of the "gates of hell" the ring farthest forward on his penis. The bungee
cord pulled his almost fully erect penis down between his legs and kept
constant pressure on it. It was a painful feeling but his erection did
not go down for obvious reasons.

Once the bungee was in place he leaned a bit side ways and flipped the
switch that would set the butt plug to vibrating. The feeling was intense
as the plug vibrated against the base of his scrotum and prostate. He knew
that he could come almost instantly but would not touch himself as per
Mistress’ orders.

Upon assuring himself that everything in his nether regions was properly
accounted for he reached behind himself and pulled the first strap on the
back of the chair around his hips. As he fastened it he marveled at the
ingeniousness of the simple design. The strap would come from the bast
of the back rest and up at a slight angle locking him onto the plug and
allowing him no ability to raise himself to relieve the stress on ht bungee
cord. The next straps followed in succession around his belly, sternum
and upper chest under his armpits.

The final two straps would secure his head to the backrest and would
be the second to last step in his personal bondage. He quickly secured
the strap that went around his forehead. The gag strap with the ring in
the center would protect him in the event of gagging.

Once everything was secured except for his arms he picked up the final
lock from where it hung on a ring on the side of the chair. He held it
before his face and knew that with that lock he would completely secure
his fate. His mind contemplated the pain in his genitals and the pleasure
in his anus and he wondered if he would be able to last all night like
his Mistress would most likely make him do. He could still back most of
the way out but his lock would give him no option.

Before he could think about it he reached behind the back of the chair
and locked his wrists together with the lock. He had completely restrained
himself by his own hand without any idea when his Mistress would arrive
to torment or pleasure him.

As he sat immobile on the chair he noticed something across the room
that he hadn’t taken note of earlier. His eyes grew wide with shock as
he read the words written on the mirror in lipstick.

"I came in while you were in the shower and will be watching TV for
a few hours after I make myself dinner. I can hardly wait, but you know
how it is, I can’t miss my Friends episode. It comes on at 730pm so you
will have to wait for me until eight, I’ll be right along then, or maybe
I wont. Love Mistress."

He heard an incoherent scream come from his gagged mouth as he looked
in the mirror at the bedside clock and noted the time as 545pm. It was
going to be a long, long night.
