---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/garment_bag.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Garment Bag
authors:
- Gospodin
tags:
- M/f
- slave
- cons
- X
date: 2003-02-26 00:00:00
---

The Garment Bag
by Gospodin
Copyright (C) 2003 Gospodin. Permission to modify and/or distribute
for any purpose is granted freely provided this notice remains intact.

I was on my way back from a small island nation known for its beaches
and lush vegetation. I had just brought my two slavegirls to a bondage
retreat in the jungle there, and sold them at auction. I still get a woody
when I remember the looks on their gagged faces when they realized that
the auction was genuine, and that they'd never see me or their country
again.

So I had a lot of disposable cash and a good deal of spare equipment
on me as I boarded the 747 home. I took the opportunity to upgrade to the
upper deck of the plane, hoping to get a little privacy for the trip. 
Part of me was considering retiring, and getting out of the dominant business,
but the other part of me was still fiercely poking at the front of my trousers.

When I boarded the plane, the upper deck was mercifully spacious. The
plane was configured so that the top deck was all first class, and there
were few people up there. I took my seat, looking across the aisle to see
a delicious little beauty in the window drinking champagne and eating strawberries.
By the looks of things, she was four sheets to the wind, and the berries
had stained her lips a luscious red. I couldn't tell for sure, but her
doey eyes may have been a little puffy from having cried a little in the
recent past.

Her crossed legs displayed one foot, clad in a high-heeled strappy sandal
with a thong binding that cris-crossed its way up her supple calf, ending
just under her knee. She wore a knee-length red skirt that tapered in to
hug her curves, and her gauzy white blouse was unbuttoned enough that when
she leaned (perhaps swayed?) forward, I could just catch a glimpse of her
taut cleavage. I hadn't been staring long enough to draw comment from most
people, but she quickly caught my eye and cast a seductive smile.

This woman radiated sex like an iron radiates heat. Perhaps it was the
bubbly releasing her inhibitions, but she had an effect on me that was
making it difficult to sit straight. All thoughts of retirement vanished
as my dominant side surfaced. I had to get the best of her, or I'd be under
her spell with no consequences for her.

After the plane reached cruising altitude, I got up and stretched in
the aisle. I was about to make my opening gambit when she spoke up.

"Have a seat? There's plenty of champagne for two!"

Her syllables were gently slurred, her mouth over enunciating around
them, compensating for her lowered muscular control. I beamed a powerful
grin down at her and slipped silently into the seat next to hers.

"Well, what are we drinking, here?" I picked up her glass and sniffed
it suggestively, keeping my eyes fixed on hers.

"Just airplane champaaagne! Stewardess! Could we have more, please?" 
She began compulsively punching the call stewardess button, making
a series of bonging noises echo throughout the cabin. I expertly shot my
hand out and grasped her by the wrist, encircling it in my grasp and pulling
her arm back from the button.

"Ooh!" she cooed, "Must be the strong silent type, eh?" She punctuated
her question with a dainty hiccup, a little squeak in the back of her throat.
She tested my grip with her arm, grinning with delight at her own immobility.

"I think she got the message, sweetie. They only need--"

"Oh, you should try one!" she interrupted my soothing talk in her drunk-speaking-over-engine-noise
voice, and quickly grabbed a strawberry with her free hand and pushed it
into my mouth, greens and all. I paused for a moment, then chewed and swallowed
it whole, glaring at her sternly as she giggled with glee.

"Oh my, yoou ARE quite an animal, aren't you?" I remained silent, keeping
her wrist in my grasp.

Fortunately, the moment was broken by a beleaguered flight attendant
bringing more champagne and strawberries.

"Madam, I'm afraid that I can't give you any more alcohol on this flight.
It has a stronger effect at high altitudes, and you have had enough already."
She set the glass in front of me, along with a fresh bowl of strawberries.
I apologized to the attendant and promised to keep an eye on my inebriated
companion, passing a $20 bill into her hand.

"Oh, now you're not gunna drink ALL of that, are you?" She was pouting
her big lips at me and batting her eyelashes unconsciously.

"Well sweetie, you heard what she said. I'm going to be doing the drinking
for both of us until I've caught up."

She took a strawberry in her hand and brought it to her lips, kissing
it and sucking a little nibble off with the daintiest of gestures. She
curled her hand inward and down, and began tracing the fruit up and down
the exposed chin of her upper chest, down toward her cleavage.

"Aw, but surely I could do SOMETHING to get a drink out of you!" Her
pout slowly spread into a mischievous grin, and her eyes sparkled with
sexual energy. She sat with her back arched, so that her breasts were thrust
toward me, and she uncrossed and recrossed her legs as she leaned in.

"Well now, you'd best be careful, sweetie. Someone might think you're
being a tease." I left it open, gave her a chance to laugh it off, confess,
or push the game forward.

"Oh big boy, you don't KNOW how big of a tease I am!" She was leading
into a story, giving her more of the upper ground. I didn't like it, but
I figured I'd play along for a little while longer.

"Oh? Well maybe you could tell me." I realized too late that she had
used my distraction to move her grasped arm down into my lap. I still held
onto it, making it look to any outsider like I was bringing her hand to
my crotch. Any sudden move would have been an act of weakness on my part,
so I let her move up my thigh.

She giggled again, stifling a cute hiccup with the back of her strawberry-holding
hand, "I just strung a billionaire along for three years, and then left
him at the altar! I milked that fat fuck for bank, but he was a useless
whale in the bedroom!" She was laughing at her clumsy tale, almost cackling
with glee.

So, a gold digger, eh? A cocktease of the top degree. This little bitch
needed owning, now. And I was in just the right place for it.

"Oh my, you are a little tramp, aren't you?" I could feel her fingers
fumbling at my crotch, trying to set up a soothing rhythm.

"Mmmm, yes I ammmm..." she cooed, half-closing her eyes and letting
her lips part gently, "But what about you..."

I began to focus, center myself, ready for the pounce. She'd taken her
inch, taken her mile, and now it was time to reel in the big one.

"When you were on the island, did you by any chance see a fashion show?"

She began to look interested, if a little puzzled, "No. What sort? Swimsuits?"

"Oh no! Costuming for fantasy shows. Exotic, gorgeous clothing. 
That's the business I'm in."

"Ah, I see!" She smiled, knowingly, out of one side of her mouth, "real
Xena, warrior princess stuff, is it?"

"You've got the idea," I encouraged. "I've got several outfits that
I exhibited at the event this past week. That's what's in the garment bag."
I gestured over to the seat next to my original one, breaking the spell
she held with her posture and gaze as she leaned and peered out over the
aisle.

"Oooooh!" she cooed, distracted and eager, "I'd love to see some! Did
you win any prizes?"

I grinned, "I walked away with a substantial amount of money. I could
probably show it to you, but I think I have a better idea that you might
like."

She was in MY spell now, her boozed attention now swung over to MY topic
of conversation. This was going smoothly so far, but I had to work to hold
her in her current state. Her attention span was woefully short.

"Oh, tell me! What's the plan?" She had a hopeful look on her face.
Her curiosity was getting the better of her, and I had to struggle not
to grow stiff thinking of her in cat ears and collar licking cream from
my balls.

"Well, I'm sure it would fit you. We could dress you up in the stuff
and take a few photos. You know, taunt your ex-fiance a little."

She moaned in what I feared might be dismay, "Ooooooooooo! That's PERFECT!
Let me see it!"

"Well, not here sweetie. It's not exactly pret-a-porter, you know. It
takes two people to get you into it. Most of those Xena folks have costuming
assistants to help them, you know."

Had she put the pieces together, she probably would have shot me another
sly grin, trying to push my sexual buttons. As it was, she just focused
on the silvery garment bag and struggled with the arm that was still in
my grasp.

"Well?" She demanded impatiently, "Come on and help me try it on!"

A moment later I was walking down the airplane aisle, holding the garment
bag high with one hand, and dragging the little tease along by her upper
arm. I pushed her into the one large lavatory on the whole plane, and was
about to step in when I met the gaze of a rather nonplussed flight attendant.

"er, I'm just going to help her sober up a bit." I explained weakly.

"Whatever it takes, just don't be gentle." The attendant smirked, knowing
that this bitch would get her comeuppance. Relieved, I smilled and stepped
into the lavatory, locking the door behind me.

"Let me see, let me see!" I hadn't even hung the bag up before she was
pawing at the zipper, trying to get a look at the promised costume.

"In time, girl! Patience!" I snapped, standing between her and the bag.
I reached over and pulled down the diaper changing table, patting its surface.
"Strip and hop up."

She didn't seem at all fazed by this request. No doubt she had just
spent a week lounging on nude beaches and moseying through street markets
in a thin cheongsam. She was soon topless, and her skirt fell to the floor,
her sense of balance too disturbed for her to bend over and pick it up
to fold. She likewise left her panties and sandals on. Fumbling, she slipped
her thong-split ass up onto the table, grasping at the edges to keep balance.

I worked quickly and silently, not giving her a chance to see what was
inside the bag, or giving her a chance to react to her environment. I pulled
a pair of handcuffs from a pocket of the bag and soon had her hands cuffed
behind her, bound to a handle that formed part of the changing table. Before
she had let out more than a curious "oooo", I had untied her sandals down
to her ankles and used the rest of the thong straps to tie her legs to
either side of her, spreading for me.

"Wha, why are you..." Her question was abruptly interrupted as I tore
her underwear at the sides, yanking the flimsy garment off permanently.

"Oh don't worry girl, this is all part of the costuming. You'll see."
I took out my camera and quickly snapped a few shots for good measure,
the silvery garment bag diffusing the light onto her evenly-tanned flesh.

Her look of horror was only slowly arriving, "what did you...."

"You remember, we're going to send photos to your fiance!"

"no no no no no, not this way... no, no that's... I don't want... this
isn't working right, no, nonono" She began a half-hearted litany of disagreement
as I reached into my bag and pulled out a tube of depilatory cream, putting
on a rubber glove before massaging it into her snatch.

"oooh, it burns!" she moaned gently as I began to wipe the cream away,
along with a large patch of curly red hairs. I immediately began rubbing
the second ointment over it, cooling her pain for the moment, and working
the stuff into her pussy lips.

"mmmmmmmm" she groaned softly, her blood-engorged clit relishing the
attention. I worked a good deal of the substance into her, and then stopped
as suddenly as I had begin.

"oh, don't stop..."

"Ah but this is what you came for!" I dramatically peeled open the zipper,
revealing the contents of the garment bag: an array of leather, latex,
and chrome, with the occasional wire here and there. She was speechless.
She didn't know what she was looking at. I used her stunned moment to readjust
her bindings and stand her upright, wrists cuffed over her head. I snapped
a few photos and began to place the outfit around her waist.

The basic structure was that of a black patent leather corset with stainless
steel boning. The breast cups were highly polished latex, with the form
of erect nipples showing on the outside. The breast cups and corset were
separated by a stiff band of chrome, and the front bottom continued into
a stiff leather thong panel with bizarre chrome attachments. I fastened
the corset portion in its most basic position, but directed my attentions
to her breasts before tightening it.

I reached forward and rubbed some of the cool cream on her breasts,
teasing her nipples to attention. Ignoring her moans for more, I adjusted
the nipple-forms of the breast cups so that they surrounded her erect nubs,
forming a vacuum seal and squeezing tightly.

"Ohhhhhhhh," she moaned, looking at herself in the mirror. "What sort
of costume IS this?" She was lost, in another world. She had stopped her
protests and was watching on in fascination and mild horror.

"Slavegirl." I replied neatly, locking the brassiere strap behind her
and turning the crank on the corset.

"OHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" she let out a wail as the corset tightened around
her waist, the boning forming a spoon shape in her stomach, and forcing
all the air out of her diaphragm. Her curves were enhanced by the corset
in a way I'd only seen on a few women. This girl was born to wear one,
her every line making my tool ache and throb with need.

I brought the thong up and pulled it tight between her legs, making
sure to keep her pussy lips inside the thing. Finally, the metal strap
that formed the chastity device ended in a black rubber plug. I lubricated
the tip and began pushing it against her anus.

"Oh, wait. Wait, what is this? No! no no no no. How do.. Why would you?
Why would this? Oh god no...." SHe began to moan and drool in her confusion
and shame.

"Just relax.... just relax, and it will all be over soon. That's it,
just loosen your muscles, hang like a rag doll... There you go...." I coached
her, soothing her buttock muscles with my hand, waiting for the muscle
cream in the lubricant to have its effect, "Haven't you ever taken it in
the ass before?" She hung her head in shame and shook it no.

"My my my, you've got a lot to experience, sweetie. Some slut you turned
out to be!" I finally pushed it home, sealing her humiliation. Cleaning
up any excess goo, I turned the base of the plug and pulled out the back.
The plug is designed so that when the key is removed, the head expands
to fill the slave's cavity, sealing the belt onto her. Unless she can remove
the plug, the suit is locked on, immobile. I stepped back as far as I could
in the lavvy and took a few more photos of her terrified face and her bombshell
body. The outfit held her in my spell completely now, and I had no more
need for pretense.

I quickly locked a chrome collar about her neck and released the handcuffs,
letting her hands drop to her side. She almost immediately began rubbing
her belted crotch, trying in frustration to bring herself off. The cream
was beginning to take effect, and it was stimulating her to a sexual frenzy.

"Oh god ogodogodogod fuckmefuckmefuckme!" She was no longer the stuck
up cocktease. She was now a wanton slut slave getting what she deserved.
Without a word I put my hands on her shoulders and pushed down, forcing
her to kneel. She needed no further prompting, and began to unzip my trousers
and bring out my cock.

She gave my tool every bit of attention that she had given those strawberries.
Her lush pouty lips played it like a flute, and her tongue never stopped
twirling and swirling. She sucked my cock like her life depended on it.
It WAS her life, now, and she knew that she had better please me if she
ever wanted to orgasm again.

I spasmed, twitched, and unloaded wave after wave of hot creamy fluid
into her mouth, which she swirled around, savoring, before swallowing like
honey. She licked me clean and then tenderly repositioned me and zipped
me back up again.

"hands on your knees, palms up, and head down!" I snapped, and she immediately
assumed the position, trembling with arousal. I placed a pair of knee-high
shiny black leather boots with impossibly high heels in front of her, and
began to tear up her brassiere and sandals. I wrapped them in a disposable
diaper and shoved them into the wastebin. Without a word I cleaned up my
kit, left the lavvy and returned to my original seat, taking a moment to
search her purse and carry-on for personal information.

About fifteen minutes later she walked out of the bathroom, her skirt
showing off her new curves, and the nipple forms poking against her white
blouse (now buttoned over the telltale chrome of the suit's breast cups).
She seemed somehow sobered by the experience, her gaze never leaving the
floor. I savored the delicious clinking noises the ring in her collar and
the locks on the knees of her boots made as she walked. The flight went
without incident for the next few hours, save for a knowing wink and a
grin from the flight attendants.

After the plane landed, she just sat there, her hands in her lap, staring
at the floor. I handed her a shopping bag with a card clipped to it. On
one side was my business card, just a disposable cell phone number bought
with cash. On the other side was a note: "You'll need these about once
a day now that you're all plugged up. By the way, I'll send you the photos
soon, and probably send them to your fiance in a week or so as well. Give
me a call soon!" She read the note, puzzled, and then opened the bag, revealing
a few enema kits. Her eyes widened in horror, and she looked at me pleadingly
as I waved and stepped out of the plane.

She must have been the last one off, and I didn't see her at the baggage
check. But a few days later I got a call.

"I need your help." I knew the voice, however sober.

"well, how have you been getting on, dearie?"

"I can't live a normal life any more. Oh god, I had to buy more of those
kits today... I can't wear turtleneck sweaters all year! Oh please, I got
the photos. Please, I can't keep doing this. Please don't tell him where
I am. Don't show him the photos."

"Well," I said, calmly, "I was actually thinking of mailing him the
key to the outfit."

I could hear her gasp, not wanting to say anything for fear of saying
the wrong thing and actually setting those events in motion.

"I tell you what," I cut in, the threat remaining in the phone line
between us. "Come to my house tonight, and we'll discuss it over dinner."

She gulped, mumbled agreement, and we settled on a time and directions
before hanging up.

That night the door rang and I was greeted by her, a long leather overcoat
hiding her clothing save for those perilously high boots, visible from
the calf down. I took her coat and was presented with my new slave, her
silvery collar gleaming and clinking, her suit uncovered beneath the coat.
I smiled and served her dinner, eating wordlessly as she pleaded with me
all night, complaining of her shortened breath in the corset, her balance
on the heels, her near-constant state of unsatisfied arousal, and her discomfort
in using the plug's enema hole to evacuate her bowels.

After the meal, I attached a thin leash chain to her collar and lead
her to the living room, where we sat on my wide leather couch and she continued
to plead and cry on my shoulder. I let her do so for a few minutes, and
then began pulling on the leash, bringing her swollen pouty lips from my
shoulder down toward my lap...

.
