---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storieslr/night_on_the_deck.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: A Night on the Deck
authors:
- Cindy
tags:
- Sbm
- cd
- lingerie
- outdoors
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2004-10-12 00:00:00
---

I was home alone; Lisa was away for a week, attending a business seminar.
She was visiting her brother the weekend before and planned to stay with
him again the following weekend. With no other diversion, my thoughts were
turning to initiating a self-bondage session. I formulated a plan that
would keep me bound helpless overnight.

On Tuesday I got some plastic containers from Lisa's recycling container.
I filled a gallon milk jug with water and put it in the freezer. The next
morning it was completely frozen. I set it outside on the back deck at
8 AM and left for work. About 5:30 when I got home I found the ice was
not completely melted. It was 8 PM by the time it was fully melted. The
12 hour period determined my timetable for Friday night.

I put the jug back in the freezer with another and a pair a little less
full and a shallow plastic bowl. I put a length of chain in each full milk
jug, a weighted length of rope in each of the others, and a piece of angle
iron in the bowl. I got out a length of plastic pipe and cut sections from
it, one about 4 feet long and 2 more about 15 inches long. I drilled a
pair of holes near each end of the long piece, just large enough to get
rope through.

Friday afternoon I got home early and started preparing for my night
out on the deck. I threaded a length of rope through the pipe, leaving
loops long enough to meet extending from each pair of holes. I used duct
tape to secure a stepladder to the railing at one end of the deck and a
step stool on the opposite railing. I brought out a fully reclining lounger
and set it up about the middle of the deck. I draped a rope across it about
where my waist would be, allowing the ends to fall through the openings
between the deck boards. I got down off the deck and fished the ends out
where I could handle them. After that I relaxed waiting for 5PM. I figured
a 12 hour wait for the ice to melt would release me just before dawn.

At 5 I took the four frozen jugs out to the deck. I cut holes in the
bottom of each jug so the water could drip out as they melted, lessening
the weight. I attached the two with chains to the ropes under the deck.
Back on the deck I pulled up the ropes and then the chains and slipped
a nail through a link in each to hold them up. I tied a rope to the nails
and draped its center over the head of the lounger. I set the other two
jugs on the step stool and tied the rope ends from the pipe to the ropes
iced into the jugs. I threaded another rope through the jug handles, down
under the railing, back under the lounger and tucked it in at the head
of the lounger. I brought out a 2 liter soda bottle filled with water,
set it on the paint shelf of the step ladder, tied a rope around its neck
and tied the other end to a bag clip at the foot of the lounger.

Back inside I showered following that with a leisurely soak in the tub,
with a very liberal amount of bath oil. The bath oil left my body covered
with very slippery residue that felt good but would act as an insect repellent.
I had no wish to spend a long night out as a feast for the mosquitoes.
After the bath I dressed in preparation for the night. I put on red lace
stockings, garter belt, thong panties and a bra, well filled by my breast
forms; all a bright shiny red. I put on a white robe and temporarily a
pair of comfortable sandals. A long wig was next and as I brushed it out
in the bathroom, I could see that my red underwear shone through under
the light robe. I was already excited in anticipation of the night ahead,
helpless for hours and dressed in next to nothing. But I was determined
to go through with my plans. I fixed a light supper then tried to relax
waiting till about 9PM for darkness.

A little before 9, I went upstairs to the bedroom. I removed my robe
and panties to start on my final preparations. I locked a chain around
my waist, then locked on ankle and wrist cuffs and a collar. I attacked
slip locks to the d-rings behind each ankle. I passed a chain through my
two short lengths of pipe, fastened the ends with a slip lock, then locked
the midpoint of the chain to a d-ring of the collar at the back of my neck.
I fastened a cock strap with its attached vibrator around my cock and balls
with the vibrator nestled snugly behind my balls. I took out a long thick
cock shaped vibrating butt plug, rolled a condom on it and lubricated it
thoroughly. It took a few moments to push it up my rectum and once it was
all the way in I had to stand a minute to relax and resume normal breathing.
I put fresh batteries in the vibrator controls and placed them in a pouch
I clipped to my waist chain.

I put my robe and panties back on, leaving the tie for the robe on the
bed, picked up everything else I needed and went down to the kitchen. Even
with the low heels I was wearing, the plug in my butt danced around inside
me, seeming to probe a different spot with each step. I took the plastic
bowl of ice from the freezer out to the deck, setting it under the bottle
of water on the step ladder. As the ice melted, the angle iron in the bowl
would hold up one side of the bottle while the other side melted until
the bottle was unbalanced to fall snapping the bag clip up to the top of
the ladder.

I went back in and gingerly sat down at the kitchen table to change
my shoes. I had brought down a pair of sandals with 5 inch heels and locking
ankle straps. They were nearly impossible for me to walk in but I could
manage the few steps out to the back deck. I put them on, locking them
securely and placing the keys on the table. I had left all the other keys
upstairs in the bedroom. I put a foam ear plug in each ear, the a wax ear
plug over those. With both pairs of earplugs I would be unable to hear
anything short of an explosion.

I struggled out to the deck where I knelt at the center of the lounger.
I fastened the slip locks at my ankles to the loops of rope on the long
length of pipe. I fastened the bag clip to the hem of my robe gathering
it behind me between my legs. I put on my blindfold buckling it tight in
back. I laid down and carefully made sure my robe was spread out and not
pinned under me. I hesitated for a moment to review what I was doing. The
next step would commit me to being chained helpless for the next eight
hours or so. I felt for the chains for the ice jugs and locked each to
a side of my waist chain. I felt out the vibrator controls, turning them
on full. I locked the pouch; the batteries would probably run down before
I could unlock it. I flipped the chain and pipes attached to my collar
up past my head, removed the slip lock, then padlocked each chain end to
a d-ring on a wrist cuff.

I was well past the point of no return; I was unable to see or hear
and helpless in my chains. I was dressed like a slut and felt like I was
being used like one, with one vibrator rattling away between my legs and
another probing far up inside me. The combination of both vibrators made
it feel like everything between my waist and thighs was being shook up.
I could feel my cock straining against my panties but I was helpless to
reach it.

I reached the ropes I had left at the head of the lounger and started
pulling them. The nails pulled out of the chains and I felt their weight
tug at my waist chain. I continued pulling until I felt the resistance
of the milk jugs balanced on the step stool. I felt them start to give
and suddenly they fell. The rope loops at my ankles were pulled tight spreading
my legs wide, then the pull continued lifting my legs up. My legs were
pulled straight and lifted completely off the lounger higher than I had
thought they would go. My hips were lifted too, shifting me into a different
position with my waist bent back. The plug in my ass shifted to probe a
new more sensitive spot. I felt the sensation between my legs of a climax
starting. I didn't want that; once I climaxed I would lose interest in
bondage and cross dressing.

There was nothing I could do; I had no control! The sensational feeling
built quickly and suddenly I was spurting what felt like waves of cum into
my panties. I don't know that I'd ever had such a wild climax before. I
know I must have moaned through it. I could only hope I hadn't been loud
enough for the neighbors to hear. When it finally stopped, I felt spent
and had to try to relax to regain control of my breathing. I tested my
bonds, but I had secured myself too well to get loose. I could lift my
hips slightly but the jugs were against the deck with just a couple of
inches of slack. I could pull my legs down but the weight was hard to hold
and it was easiest to let them rise. My wrist cuffs were snug and my hands
were held away from my collar and blindfold. There was nothing I could
do but wait out the night.

I didn't feel like I could relax enough to sleep with the vibrators
churning up my insides, but I did sleep fitfully. I don't know how many
times I woke to feel the vibrators still going and wondered when the batteries
would mercifully wear down. I woke one time and realized my robe had just
been flipped up over my head. The bowl of ice had finally melted enough
for the soda bottle of water to fall and pull the clip on my robe. I tried
to push the robe back off my head and down to my shoulders but only succeeded
in tangling it up and pulling it over my head so it was gathered around
my arms.

Aside from my stockings I was left wearing little more than a set of
straps. Later I was made even more aware of how bare I was when a light
shower passed over. It wasn't much rain and I didn't really get very wet,
but it was a strange feeling to have the drops falling on my bare skin
while I had no ability to cover up.

Eventually I woke to find the vibrators had finally stopped and the
weight on my ankles had lessened enough that my legs were down on the lounger.
My legs were still spread wide and it was impossible to forget my ass was
still stuffed impossibly full. The idea of having to lie there helpless,
stripped down to bra and panties, legs spread and being taken in the ass
was turning me on again. I wished I could reach my cock but I couldn't
get my hands below my shoulders. I found I could rub my hips against the
lounger and get some pleasant friction but each thrust of my hips caused
an equal thrust from my plug. I didn't care any more and continued humping
the lounger even though I was humping my rear. I soon reached an enjoyable
climax, thoroughly creaming my panties again.

I woke later to a pleasant cool breeze tantalizing over my bare skin,
and just hoped it was a morning breeze that heralded a nearing dawn and
my freedom. Unfortunately the next time I woke I realized I could feel
warm sun on my back. Somehow it was well past dawn and the ice in the jugs
wasn't melted yet. I could not roll my hips yet, though my legs seemed
free of any weight. My first concern was of course fear of being seen by
the neighbors or somebody passing on the street behind the house. The bra
and panties might be mistaken for a bathing suit, but the stockings would
dash that thought. Another concern was that if I got too much sun I would
have tan lines from the bra and panties. I'd never be able to explain that.

I tried raising my hips hoping I could break whatever ice remained on
the chains. After a while I got one side free and soon after the other.
I got up to a sitting position but found I couldn't reach the slip locks
at my ankles. I had to try to work my ankles loose by pressing one foot
on the pipe and pulling the other away. The 5 inch heels didn't help and
I wound up only loosening things somewhat. I stood and managed to make
my way to the door and let myself in but it was a struggle to get past
the door. I had to use my heels to get the pipe and all the rope in without
catching under the door. I sat at the kitchen table and found the keys
for my shoes but couldn't reach them to unlock them. I gave up and proceeded
to the stairs dragging my pipe and ropes along. It was a struggle just
trying to walk in the 5 inch heels, but my plug got my attention as it
seemed to be moving all around inside me.

I made it to the bedroom and was finally able to free my wrists, then
undo my blindfold and most of the remaining restraints. The bedroom clock
showed after 9 AM. I had spent almost 12 hours outside helpless in my pretty
underwear being taken in the rear. Then I realized I had left the keys
for my shoes in the kitchen. I had to walk back downstairs again in heels
before I could be free of them. I got them off and returned upstairs, stripped,
got rid of my vibrators and enjoyed a hot relaxing shower. I went to bed
right after that and lying there I wondered what happened that the ice
hadn't melted in the planned 12 hours. I would probably never know if anyone
had seen me, and I suppose I should have resolved never to try such a stunt
again. But I felt I would have to resolve the timing of the melt before
any further such attempts at self bondage.
