---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/call_my_bluff.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Call My Bluff
authors:
- Jezziebelle
tags:
- M/f
- MF/f
- bond
- susp
- cons
- X
---

So here
they were, fifth or was it sixth date, standing outside her front door after a
long evening of really quite serious flirting, and he took hold of her wrists
and held them quite firmly against her sides as he kissed her. This time, she
let loose an almost imperceptible moan, and when he stood back her eyes were
gleaming.

All of
sudden, Jamey couldn't feel the cold. She left her hands where he'd placed
them and gazed at him with a smile on her lips, calling silently for more,
wondering deep inside if he might be just that little bit dominant. It was about
bloody time one of the men in this damn town showed he could treat her like the
proverbial princess in the street, and like a rope-loving slave girl in the
bedroom.

Matt's
body curled around her again, confident of not being overlooked on the quiet
street. A watershed had been reached. He kissed her arched neck as she pressed
into him, snaking her arms around him, gasping as he snuck a cold hand
underneath her top and sought her nipple through her bra, squeezing it with a
confidence that made her hope even harder. She stared up at the night sky,
breathing hard, desperate to urge him on but not quite knowing what his reaction
to her little secret might be.

As his
fingers slipped underneath her waistband and inched towards her knickers, she
couldn't help but giggle. He paused, and caught her eye with an enquiring
glance.

"What?"
he asked, not angrily, but concerned he was not entertaining her sufficiently.

She bit
her lip and responded cryptically. "Nothing. Just be careful of what you might
find."

For an
instant, Matt imagined the worst, but his fingertips were already moist with her
juices. He moved even closer towards her, whispering in her ear.

"Well,
I can tell you're a woman," he said, caressing her soaking clitoris with his
finger till her knees buckled. "So what else might I find down there?"

She just
gazed back at him with a nervously amused expression, and opened her legs a
little further so he could slide his fingers further down.

After a
moment, his eyes widened and he looked at her with new-found lust and respect.

"Do
you have the key?" he asked, as if it were a commonplace occurrence to find
one's date pierced through each side of her labia, with a tiny padlock
securing the two rings together.

She
shook her head.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

He
dropped her firmly onto one of her kitchen chairs and strapped her arms behind
her with his belt, just above her elbows. She squirmed on the hard seat and
gazed at him in unabashed arousal.

Matt
sauntered round her kitchen, divesting himself of his coat and opening a bottle
of wine. He could feel, and she could see, the swelling erection in his
trousers. He had to admit he'd never had a date quite like this, but he liked
it. It had been a bit daring to start tying her up so soon, but she seemed so up
for it he couldn't help it. And the chastity padlock between her thighs held
so many possibilities...

Eventually,
he sat down on a chair opposite Jamey and poured himself a glass of wine.

"You
might want to explain now," he said casually. Jamey crossed her legs,
uncrossed them, and recrossed them again, trying to calm the fire inside. Oh
god, she needed to fuck him right now... and the fact he'd tied her arms so
quickly, without prompting, without even asking permission, was making her even
hotter.

"OK,
I'll explain, but you might not like it," she said finally. The way her arms
were strapped made her breasts swell out against the material of her shirt. He
liked the way she followed his eyes as he gazed at her erect nipples, and
sighed.

"I,
um, have a friend," she began, realising there was no easy way to break the
news, "a female friend, called Kia, who indulges me in certain, err,
tastes."

"Like
piercing and padlocking you?" he asked, matter-of-factly. She swallowed and
nodded. He was taking this so well... he must be as kinky as she was.

"And,
um, tying me, and making me do " well, things." She was hesitant still,
embarrassed to be confessing her deepest secret. He was silent, waiting for her
to continue, so with a deep breath she did. "She dominates me. I go to her
because I need to be tied up and made to serve." She watched his face
carefully, though it betrayed nothing but perhaps the slightest flicker of
excitement.

"What
I want is a man to do these things to me. But I haven't had the best luck. In
fact I've had a couple of evil bastards who just wanted to abuse me. So Kia
helps me out by keeping me sane till I meet the right guy. One day, she decided
she wanted to lock me up like this. For my own protection, she said." Jamey
smiled ruefully. "To stop me making bad decisions. She won't unlock me till
I find a man she approves of."

Matt put
down his wine glass and walked towards her, running his hands through her hair
and kissing her forehead.

"Has
anyone else found out about your metal friend down there?" he asked.

"No,"
she moaned, as he knelt and tied each ankle to the corresponding chair leg with
his tie and her scarf.

"Do
you think Kia will approve of me?" he asked, calmly unzipping his trousers and
presenting his very erect cock to her lips. With one hand in her hair, he held
her head back and guided himself into her hot mouth, feeling her tongue swirl
round him with desperate enthusiasm. Reluctantly, he withdrew to let her answer.

"Oh
god, I hope so..." she whispered back.

"Glad
to hear it," he said, slowly unbuttoning her shirt, "because you have no
idea how much I want to fuck you right now."

"Oh, I
think I do," Jamey replied, in a tone that made Matt pay attention.

"How
long have you been locked up?" he asked, suddenly curious.

Jamey
pulled a little at her bonds, gave a sweet sigh of submissive frustration, and
hung her head.

"Six
months," she replied huskily.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Matt
spreadeagled Jamey on her bed, the one she'd bought for its solid metal frame
but had never had chance to use with a decent guy. He'd ransacked her drawers
as she protested, and discovered the rope and gag she'd bought online but
again, had never had used on her. The soft black rope was now very securely
knotted round each of her limbs and tied off out of reach to the four corners of
the bed. The fat leather gag filled her mouth and silenced her effectively. It
was just as well. The moans and screams that had been muffled by the gag for the
past hour might have woken the neighbours.

He lay
comfortably between her legs, her vibrator in his hand, and his hot tongue
licking languorously over and around the little silver padlock that prevented
him from entering her fully. Every now and then, he spread her as wide as he
could and tickled her clitoris, or slipped a finger inside her, but it wasn't
enough. Five times she'd shuddered into pre-orgasm but had never quite managed
a whole one. She was almost in tears. Her bonds had held, despite her frantic
writhings. He was, quite literally, driving her crazy, and there wasn't a damn
thing she could do about it.

Six
months. Six whole months since Kia had persuaded Jamey to let her pierce her
labia and lock her into enforced chastity. In her more philosophical moments,
Jamey had to admit it was probably a good idea. It stopped her craving for tight
bondage and domination driving her into the arms of deeply unsuitable men. And
that night, when Kia had strapped her down to the table, gagged her, calmed and
soothed her, oh man, what an experience... She'd never been so deep into
submission. Ready to do anything she wanted, ready to offer up her body for her
pleasure. Kia had used an anaesthetic, of course " she abhorred inflicting
gratuitous pain " so Jamey had lain there feeling nothing but the soft touch
of Kia's hands, watching her concentrate on her work, drifting slowly away.

And no
sex since then. Not even a proper orgasm. Jamey had to feel something inside her
to come fully, and nothing but the thinnest objects would now fit. She'd only
managed thin orgasms to match, which were not really worth the effort.

Matt now
slid up beside her on the bed, looking with amusement at her sweat-drenched
face, her unfocused eyes.

"I
think we should go visit this Kia as soon as possible, don't you think?" he
said. Jamey nodded vehemently and moaned into her gag.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

The man
who walked into her room strode in like he owned the place. Kia sat back in her
chair and fixed him with an enquiring gaze.

He
grinned back. "I've come to collect something," he said, then glanced back
towards the open door.

In the
doorway stood Jamey, wearing a long coat and high heels and a very confused
expression. She didn't say anything. As Kia watched, more than a little
confused herself, Matt stepped towards Jamey and undid the buttons of her coat,
sliding it from her shoulders to the floor.

Underneath,
she wore nothing but rope.

Soft
black rope encircled her waist, fifteen or twenty turns forming a corset that
had been pulled very tight, as had the linked crotch rope that ran between her
legs and disappeared into the folds of her labia. Her breasts were bound simply
but effectively, four turns about the base of each making them stand out, taut
and red. Her arms were pulled behind her, hand to opposite elbow, and solidly
roped into place. Round her neck she wore a soft, black leather collar locked
with a small silver padlock.

"Oh,
Jamey," breathed Kia, hurrying to usher her in and close the door behind her.

"You,
out there," she commanded an instant later, gesturing Matt towards the
balcony. He sauntered off with good grace, closing the french doors behind him.

Kia was
caught between admiring the ropework that trapped her friend, and fearing for
her safety.

"Jamey,
what's going on?" she asked urgently, seeing both the nervous expression in
her eyes and the wetness of the ropes between her legs. Jamey didn't answer,
but mutely opened her mouth. Kia had to fish out the large, red sponge ball that
had gagged her invisibly before she could speak.

"Oh
Kia," she gulped, "don't be angry."

Kia sat
her down on the sofa and sat beside her, holding her bound arms, holding her
gaze.

"Tell
me," she said very seriously. "Did you consent to this? Has he done anything
you didn't want him to do?"

Jamey's
face was suffused with aroused excitement. "No, Kia, no... not at all. He's
wonderful. He's perfect for me." She gave a satisfied wriggle against her
bonds. "Oh god, Kia, you have to give him the key. I can't take it any
more."

Kia
smiled to herself, wondering if indeed Jamey had found herself a decent guy.
"Well, I might give him the key, but he has to pass the test first," she
said, giving Jamey's right nipple a hard squeeze to make her squirm even more.
"You know I can't give up my little slave to anyone who isn't good
enough."

Jamey
nodded. She'd already told Matt he'd have to impress Kia to get the key out
of her. She didn't know what the test would be, but she was sure he'd pass.

Kia held
out the red sponge ball and Jamey obediently opened her mouth to accept it
again. Kia had no compunction about taping over her lips with the duct tape she
always kept handy. Matt had wanted her to look normal as he walked her into the
office, so he hadn't done it himself. Kia also bent to tape Jamey's ankles
and knees together, her stockings providing protection against the adhesive.
Then she slid her off the sofa to wait, bound helplessly on the floor, as a
proper rope slave should.

As Matt
re-entered the room, Kia gave him a long, appraising glance, then ushered him to
a corner where they could speak quietly without Jamey hearing.

Matt
wouldn't have minded tying Kia up a little. Her statuesque figure, glossy
black hair and supremely confident demeanour was a temptation and a challenge.
The way she looked back at him made him think she was thinking the same about
him. But Jamey was the girl for him. He could see her out of the corner of his
eye, writhing on the floor in her bonds, moaning almost imperceptibly. The fact
he had to win her from another just aroused his competitive edge.

"You're
serious," asked Kia, "about Jamey?"

"Hell
yes," grinned Matt, his eyes sliding back to gaze at her bound form.

"When
did she tell you she was submissive? Was it before or after you fell for her?
Don't lie, because I can spot a liar at a hundred paces and you don't want
to get on my wrong side where Jamey is concerned." Kia stepped in front of
Matt's vision, forcing him to pay attention, and waited for his response with
tapping foot.

Matt
gave her his full attention, knowing he had to work to persuade her. "I was
falling for her before. But then she gave me such a horny look when I held her
hands to her sides as I kissed her, just to see how she would react... and then
I found the lock, and she told me about you, and the rest is history. Kia, I
need this as much as she does. I want to treat her right in every respect, and
tie her as tightly as she needs to be tied."

Kia gave
a humph, impressed by his sincerity and intelligent demeanour more than she had
intended to be.

"What
experience do you have?"

"Not a
lot, but enough to begin with " and most importantly I know how to keep her
safe."

Jamey
was watching the whispered conversation, wondering what they were plotting. She
was in an agony of anticipation, waiting to see how Kia would react. She
continued to struggle in her bonds, more because she liked the feeling than
because she thought she could escape. Finally, they both turned to look at her.

"My
car's out back, bring her down the fire escape and look for the blue car,"
Kia was saying. She made a quick call on her desk phone, telling her assistant
that she was leaving for the day. Then she pulled on her long, fine leather coat
and swished out of the balcony doors.

Matt
squatted beside Jamey, his expression unreadable. "Hope you're ready for
this," he said ominously, and swung her over his shoulder.

Heart
racing, Jamey kicked and shouted for a moment or two, but as she saw the metal
fire escape stairs looming " upside down " she lay still in his grip, not
wanting to cause him to drop her or plunge down the stairs himself. And then he
was striding across the car park and she froze in panic, wondering how many
people could see her.

It was
all happening intoxicatingly fast. Jamey was on overdrive as she felt both of
them lift her into the boot of Kia's car, and Kia slipped a cloth hood over
her head to cut off her vision. The boot closed with a thunk, and then the
suspension dipped as Kia and Matt got in by the driver's and passenger's
doors, and Jamey, curled up in her dark prison, started trying to pull on her
crotch rope, groaning with frustrated arousal. And it had barely started...

Thankfully
Kia only lived a few minutes away from her office. Jamey was already
disorientated by the time they pulled up. They pulled her unceremoniously from
the car, one taking her legs and the other her upper body as she was carried
bodily, and fighting every inch of the way, into the house and down into the
cellar. Still hooded, she drifted into fantasy, half imagining and half
believing this was a real kidnap.

They
laid her on a wooden surface that was too high to be the floor, and she didn't
dare move in case she fell off whatever it was. She lay still, breathing hard,
skin sensitised to feel their next touch.

"Close
your eyes," growled Matt, and Jamey screwed them tightly shut as he peeled the
hood off. "And don't make a sound," he continued, as he ripped off the
tape that held the ball inside her mouth, and ease the ball out too. Her freedom
was short lived. Her eyesight was soon made redundant by what felt like bondage
tape wrapped over and over again around her head, and a leather bit gag was
pushed between her teeth. Matt buckled it one notch on the wrong side of
discomfort behind her head.

This was
getting serious. Jamey started to get nervous, wondering what Kia's test might
be. After all, she didn't really know Matt all that well. They'd never
discussed her limits. Kia knew what they were, and she would protect her today
" surely?

"Show
me what you can do," came Kia's voice, and it had a hard edge like she was
expecting something big.

Jamey
could hear various noises, like bondage equipment being prepared, and her own
breath coming fast and low through the gag. After a few minutes she felt her
legs being cut free from tape, and her shoes and stockings removed. She lay
still, apprehensively, feeling her insides contract with both nerves and intense
arousal. The rope round her arms, waist, breasts and crotch was also swiftly
released.

"Kneel
on the floor," she heard Matt say, and with trembling fingers she sought the
edge of whatever she was lying on, and climbed tentatively down. She knelt,
facing the direction his voice had come from, arms behind her back, head down as
Kia had taught her.

He was
already behind her. His arm went round her elbows, pulling them together, and
Kia's rough hemp rope soon secured them, eight turns holding her elbows
pressed together. Jamey grunted into her gag as he eased her into the strenuous
position. He must have been taking tips from Kia, who knew she could do this,
even though she hated it. Her wrists were also bound with what must have been
twelve turns or more, sealing her arms together behind her back.

Jamey
could make out Matt's scent over her shoulder, and leant into him, but it
wasn't that kind of scene. He firmly pushed her down till she lay on her
stomach on the floor, and started to spread her legs.

Jamey
was flexible, all the more so since Kia had got her hands on her two years ago.
Matt spread her legs in an exploratory way. As he discovered she could do the
splits with a little encouragement " her legs spread out sideways from her
body, in a straight line with each other " Jamey swore she could hear a grunt
of satisfaction.

She knew
what was coming when she felt and heard Kia's thick wooden bar being lowered
to the ground beside her, and she started to fight back.

"Be
good and it will hurt less," came Matt's voice as he caught her legs and
spread them again till she was doing the splits along the wooden bar, so widely
she could feel her wet labia touching the wood. Many feet of rope were used to
secure her legs to it, till her skin was covered from ankle to the top of her
thigh with rope. Jamey flexed her feet and moaned with discomfort and deeply
satisfied need. When he was done, he stood back and Jamey lay on the floor, all
her limbs strained, with only her head free to move. Her pussy and its padlock
were pressed against the bar.

Jamey
rose from delicious fear to panic as she heard the sound of chains rattling. She
knew what it meant " Kia had used the pulley on her before, in her crueller
moments. Kia was suddenly kneeling beside her, stroking her sweat-drenched hair,
murmuring words of comfort, as Matt hauled on the chain and up she went, split
legs first, as the bar was lifted upwards, parallel to the floor.

This was
too much, way too much... Jamey shouted and screamed as she was lifted but she
was soon hanging in mid air, slowly realising it wasn't as bad as she feared.
Her legs had been tied so securely, the strain was minimised as far as it could
be. Her hair dangled to the floor, and her bound arms leant helplessly out from
her body.

"Is
that it?" she heard Kia ask, in an unimpressed tone. Yes, that's it,
that's enough, she thought over and over again, trying to project the words
telepathically. But it was no use. She shook her head violently as she felt Matt
take hold of her bound hands and start to wrap more rope around her wrists. He
ignored her protestations.

Jamey
felt tension along her arms, and soon her body was slowly pulled upwards. Her
bound arms were being raised towards the ceiling. Gradually, her body swung out
from where it had hung vertically upside down to an angle of 45 degrees, her
breasts pointing towards the floor, her arms pulled directly up above her. Pain
immediately registered in her strained shoulders, and her hands started to
tingle with the pressure placed on her wrist ropes.

Once
Matt had tied her hair into a ponytail and pulled her head back, tying it off to
a rope running to her raised wrists, there wasn't an inch of movement
available to Jamey. Her brain wasn't functioning much either. Overloaded with
coping with the position, she was vaguely aware of the intense moans coming from
her gagged mouth.

Let me
down, let me down, let me down, she begged silently. Kia, why don't you stop
this? You know my limits. Make him stop...

"I
have to concede you've done very well," Kia was saying in the background, as
Matt gently stroked her flanks and made her wimper with kindness shown after
such severe bondage. "I think you've earned the key. But it seems only fair
to let you make a similar mark on her body, to demonstrate your ownership."

"You
mean another piercing?" Matt's voice was deadly serious.

"I've
been planning to pierce her nipples, but she always safeworded first," replied
Kia.

Their
conversation continued, but Jamey had tuned out. Fear had gripped her. She
started to fight her bonds but every movement only made the position hurt more.
The gag swallowed her shouts. As Matt knelt beneath her, wiping her very erect
nipples with cold anaesthetic fluid, she felt herself drifting away from
reality. How could it have gone so wrong? Why didn't Kia stop him? She
didn't want another piercing, not now, not when she was just about to get rid
of the one between her legs. And after knowing him for only a few weeks...

As hot
pain bit into her right nipple, her orgasm crashed long and hard through her
bound body. She swung in her suspended bondage, seeing stars beneath the
blindfold, her constricted breathing only heightening the sensation through lack
of oxygen. She couldn't feel her body any more. All she could feel was the
second orgasm building as Matt took hold of her left nipple. After that,
everything was black.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

She came
round on the floor, lying on her side now that her legs had been freed from the
fiendish wooden bar. Her arms were still lashed behind her. Dull pain in her
nipples reminded her of what had happened, and she started to sob. She could
feel the invasive metal of the piercings inside her flesh, could see in her
mind's eye the redness of her nipples, and the evil glint of the rings.

Her body
still quivered from the biggest orgasm she'd ever had, and the first real one
in six months. It was no excuse, though, no excuse, for transgressing her limits
so badly...

Swift
hands now removed her gag and sat her up on the floor. Matt was on one side of
her, Kia the other. Still blindfolded, she managed to force out some words
through her dry mouth and aching jaw.

"How
could you?" she cried, "Kia, why didn't you stop him? I didn't want to
do that, I didn't..."

"Hush,
baby," came Kia's consoling voice. "You came so hard I thought you
wouldn't mind." She held her in her arms and Matt, who was silent for now,
started to release her arms.

"It's
not worth it," Jamey sobbed, though her body said otherwise, and tried to lift
her freed arms to touch her abused nipples. They'd been tied behind her so
long, and so strictly, though, that she couldn't lift them in front of her for
several minutes. As Matt started to unwind the bondage tape from her eyes, she
kept yelping in pain as she slowly managed to move her arms enough to gently,
tentatively touch her nipples.

There
was nothing there but her own flesh.

"But..."
she murmured, slowly investigating with her fingers. Nothing. No metal, no
piercing, not even a cut. Only a dull pain that, now she thought about it, was
no worse than the aftershock of a tight pair of crocodile teeth nipple clamps.

Her eyes
finally blinking free of the tape, she stared speechlessly down at her breasts.
Her intact, unharmed breasts.

"What
did you do?" she whispered, rapidly reassessing the past half hour. "What
did you do?"

Kia's
face was smiling in front of her, dangling a pair of shiny metal nipple clamps.
"Power of suggestion, darling, and all his idea. He's more than worthy of
you. He's going to push every one of your limits, but he'll treat you well
while he's doing it. Just what you need, my little slave."

Jamey
staggered to her feet, and turned to see Matt hovering almost nervously behind
her.

"My
god," she whispered, staring at him. "You planned all that?"

He
nodded. Jamey started to smile. Her every wish had just come true. Tight ropes,
harsh position, enforced piercing " taking more control of her body than even
she was willing to give " and half of it an illusion. All her dangerous
desires, in an safe environment. She rushed into his arms and he picked her up,
laughing, kissing her warmly.

"I
think this is yours," said Kia, slipping the key to Jamey's chastity padlock
into Matt's pocket. "You will come and visit, won"t you?" she said to
Jamey, before leaving them alone.

"If
you're very good," whispered Matt in Jamey's ear, "I'll leave you
locked up another six months." And as Jamey's knees buckled with submissive
desire, he wrapped his coat around her shoulders and led her out to the car.

*The
beginning* :-)

25.04.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!
