---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: An Unexpected Change
authors:
- Victoria’s Little Secret
tags:
- F/m
- fem
- public
- transform
- M2f
- stuck
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2008-09-26 00:00:00
---

"Come on Michael... Please..."

"There is no way I’m dressing like a girl so I can go and collect your award. Why don’t you ask one of your female friends to help you out?"

"You know that all the chicks I hang out with are nice and all, but I couldn’t trust any of them."

"Anyway, I’ve got a broken leg and I can’t collect my award looking that way besides you helped me win this award so really it’s yours as well."

I pondered on that one for a few moments before replying, "Yeah, I see where you’re coming from but why me? I’m not a girl, and although I help with the project, I ain’t pretending to be you."

Sonya looked me in the eyes and in her most pleading voice and says, "Look you are the only one who can help me. It’s only for one day, and I’ll pay you a hundred bucks to do it."

BING! My face lights up at the mention of money. Being that I had just spent the last of my cash on the down payment of an apartment, and the next paycheck didn’t arrive for a couple weeks so $100 bucks would help a bit!

"One day." My face went serious. "No way, there’s no way I’ll look convincing enough."

"Come on Michael, you will easily pass. You’re only 5’7" and slim build. I have a friend that owns a beauty shop and she will transform you into a girl. Tell you what. If at the end of the make up session, you don’t look good enough, you can pull out, and I still pay you the cash."

I looked seriously at Sonya and thought to myself, damn. She must be desperate. "OK I’ll help you."

As we pulled up out the front of the white building, with its huge pink sign, I hope that no one sees me going in I thought.

"Michael. Pay attention. OK, We gotta be at the presentation ceremony at 6pm, and it’s now after midday. Amanda said that she’ll be done fixing you up in 3 hours, giving us just enough time to drive to the awards party."

"Yeah yeah... For the tenth time, I got it. Let’s just do this before I change my mind", I say as she opens the door and we walk into the shop.

A rather large woman with huge breasts dressed in a red dress sees us walk in and exclaim, "Sonya! I haven’t seen you in ages! How are you?" She runs over to Sonya and gives her a hug, while eyeing me up and down.

"I’m fine", she replies. "Amanda, I need a huge favor, this is my boyfriend Michael who’s said he’ll help me. I need him to be a totally transformed into a convincing girl. Can you give him the full works? He has to be very convincing right down to the very last detail."

Looking at me for a few minutes, Amanda turns to Sonya and says, "Yeah, it should be no problem. He’s quite small and he should be no problem transformed into a pretty girl."

"OK Michael, Follow me." As I followed Amanda to the back of the shop, she opens a curtain and motions for me to go behind. "Go in there and strip down".

"Strip Down? Why", I say nervously

"Because I have to make you up like a girl remember. And you don’t exactly look like one just yet, however you can keep your underwear on for now"

I slowly wander behind the curtain shaking my head, What the hell have I gotten myself into.

"When your ready you can come out and sit in this chair," she said.

I’m still only in my underwear, as I lay back on this half-reclined chair, resembling a dentist’s chair as Amanda began her work. She was spreading some cream all over my face, head and body, all I knew was that it was cold, and it felt gross. After about 15 minutes, Amanda had me step into the shower in the next room and remove the cream from my body. As I showered, my body hair just fell out leaving my skin hair free and smooth, that’s an experience I’ll never forget as I felt so bare with out my body hair. As I stepped from the shower and dried myself Amanda began to rub some more cream all over my body.

"Ok. I’ve finished smoothening and lightening your complexion, while that dries, I’m going to work on your upper body" Amanda says, snapping me out of my daydream.

She casually walks over to a counter on the opposite side of the room. After picking something up, she comes back over to me and I see that she has two Breasts in her hands!

"Ok Michael, these are glue on breasts forms. These are the top of the line, and very realistic. Someone could squeeze these things and not have a clue they’re fake." Amanda says while spreading some clear liquid glue on my left pectoral muscle.

She picks up the one of the forms and presses it against my skin, holding it there for about 2 minutes. Repeating the motions with the other, she stands up and exclaims, "Perfect. you’re now got a nice set of tits!"

As I looked down, I see what was causing that newfound weight on my chest. Those breast forms look huge when they’re attached to my body and they matched my color skin.

"That glue should hold until you use this remover, or for at least a couple days, whatever comes first."

Amanda walks back over to the counter where she picked up the fake breasts, and leaves me for a moment to take a look at these ‘things’...

"Wow, these really do look real." I said as I ran my hands over them. "They feel so real" as I squeezed them with my hands.

Amanda breaks me once again out of my thought by saying "Ok Michael, stand up".

I look up to her as I slide off the chair and see that she is holding some skin colored tube shaped thing. "What’s that", I ask.

"It’s a brand new plastic type of corset. It goes around your waist and will shrink around your waist to give you a more feminine shape, Now, raise your hands."

As I do as she says, she slides the corset down over my body. It seems to start just under these breasts and ends just above my underwear.

Hmm this isn’t tight at all, I think to myself.

Amanda looks up at me and states, "Breathe out". As I comply, she pulls on something in the back and the corset quickly began to shrink as it draws itself in tight against my body. I could hardly breathe as it clinched around my waist shrinking it 3 or 4 inches.

She gives it another quick tug, and walks around, admiring her work. "Excellent. Ok. I need you to remove your towel now."

"I said strip" she said as she grabbed the towel which was around my hips, exposing my erect penis.

She then walked towards me and motioned for me to sit back on the chair once again. I had a little more difficulty getting back onto the chair wearing this tight corset, I had to sit very straight for it to be most comfortable.

"OK. here is the final body part for your disguise," as I look down into her hands, I see that she is holding what looked like a pair of skin toned bike shorts made of latex or plastic with a vagina.

Seeing the shocked look on my face she says, "Look Michael, don’t give me any problems, we don’t have time for this."

Shocked at her candidacy, I nodded and laid back. She slid the shorts up my legs but stopped just above my knees as she grabbed my cock and began to massage it. As my penis became even more erect, she rubbed some glue on it and slipped it into a latex tube within the shorts. I felt her spread some more glue around my crotch area and arse as she then pulled the shorts up further. She stopped briefly tucking the tube with my dick in it between my legs and applying more glue to the area before pulling the shorts all the way up over my hips and maneuvering the vagina around and pressing the vagina firmly against my skin. The shorts had extra padding around the bum and hips giving me that real feminine look of a lady.

Again, after about 2 minutes, she looked at me and said "OK.. Just sit back and let everything settle. We only have a little under 2 hours left to get everything else done, so just sit back and relax."

Amanda went to the table and picked up a syringe and proceeded back toward me with it. "Now I need you to keep still for me as I inject some collagen into your lips but don’t worry, you’ll only feel a slight prick as this will give you much fuller lips"

I complied and sat back in the chair as Amanda began to inject the collage into my lips as I could feel them become more puffed up. Next she brushed only what I’d assume to be makeup on my face as she asked me to close my eyes for a few minutes.

"Michael... Michael.. Wake up. I’m almost done."

"What. What’s going on?" I said drowsily.

"You fell asleep. I finished up with the makeup, and I just have a couple more things to do. So stay here... I have to go get something"

As she left the room, I realized my eyelashes felt much heavier, and I could feel the skin on my face was much tighter. Bringing my hands up to my face, I realized with a shock that I now possessed long dull pink fingernails and I look down over my whole body I noticed I now had an even skin tan to it and you couldn’t see the seam of the shorts or the corset.

Just then, Amanda a walk back in and says, "Don’t touch your face, it’s taken me an hour to get it perfect! OK. Sit up, and I’ll put on the finishing touches."

As she walks over, I noticed she is holding a blonde wig, and some clothes. She walks behind me, and after a couple seconds, I could feel her rubbing some gel on my head and them I felt the wig descend on my head. As she moves the wig around on my head she states, "Easily removable. You just have to pull it right here and the wig will come right off" she says as she shows me where the pull point is.

She plays with my hair for about 5 minutes, spraying what seemed to be 2 cans of hair spray onto it, when she finally says, "Finished" and stands back.

"Not bad. OK Michael, come over here, and get dressed. Sonya said that This is a semi-formal party, so I think I have the perfect outfit."

As I walk over to her, she hands me a pair of pink satin panties and matching satin bra. When I slide the panties on, I noticed that they felt nice as I pulled them up my hairless legs. The bra I had a little more problems with, so Amanda walked behind me and fixed me up. Looking down, I noticed that the bra wasn’t just a Bra... It was a wonderbra. I’ve removed many of these so I’d know. It pushed my breast up and out, creating more cleavage than I was comfortable showing. As I looked down staring at my cleavage, Amanda tells me to sit down, and as I do, she rolls up a skin colored stocking up my left leg. "OK Michael, these nude stockings will get runs in them very easy, so be careful with them."

She finishes with the left, and quickly puts on the right and then attaches a garter belt around me to hold the stocking up. Motioning for me to now stand up, I walked over to her and she hands me a pretty pink satin evening dress. Amanda hands me the dress and says, "Just step into it".

Doing as I told, I step into it and pull it up. The dress sliding against the stocking was a very interesting feeling. When I finished putting it on, I realize that this dress was going to show off my new assets. But looking past my breasts, I see that the dress shows a lot of leg.

"And now the finishing touches," Amanda says as she slides a pair of black high heel shoes onto my feet.

"You look perfect, now follow me so you can take a look at your new self!"

As she spins around and walks out of the room, I follow, listening to the clicking noise that the shoes are making on the floor. My dress was making a whishing sound against my stockings, and the satin rubbing against my skin felt actually quite good. But damn it, I’m a guy, why the hell did I agree to this? I can’t look at all feminine.

Amanda stops and simply points to a full-length mirror. As I step up to It, I see myself for the first time. My skin seemed softer and much paler. That must have been the stuff she was putting on earlier, I thought to myself. I had long, soft, wavy blonde hair, parted in the middle and flowing down past my shoulders. Some of the hair was pulled forward and flowed down onto the front of my breasts. My eyebrows were narrower and shaped as I noticed my ears were pieced and I was wearing earrings. With the fitted silk dress just seemed to accentuate the large breasts that I now possessed, and combined with the corset, seemed to give me that perfect hourglass shape. The satin dress stopped just above my knees, and coming out from underneath were the nicest legs I have ever been allowed to view.

Taking a closer look at my face, Amanda had used the combination of my new paler skin and some earth tones to bring out my natural features. My eyes look so wide! My lips were the same color as my nails, and looked a lot fuller with the collegen. Taking a step back, I managed to murmur an "Wow" to myself.

Amanda heard this and said, "Yes, you turned out better than I thought."

Just then, the front door to the shop opened, and Sonya hobbled in. As she went over to Amanda, she asked if I was ready, or if I was still out the back.

Amanda just pointed to me and said "Voil’a."

Sonya’s jaw just dropped. She couldn’t believe how well my disguise turned out.

"Not bad hey Sonya," I said in my definitely masculine voice.

Sonya hearing this she turned again to Amanda and said, "What about his voice? that will really wreck everything."

"No problem," As Amanda turned to grab another syringe, "now stand still" as she pricked the needle into my Adam’s apple and injected the serum. My apple began to shrink, as the skin around my neck became tighter.

"OK. Just wait a sec..... .... OK Michael say something."

"Like what. What do you want me to ..." my voice, it was so high.

"Perfect" Sonya said, now we need a new girls name for you.

"How about Michelle" Amanda said.

"Sound good to me, Sonya replied, "now we can go to the presentation ceremony and collect the award."

At the presentation party, it was definitely worse than I thought. Don’t get me wrong, I passed very easily as a girl, but nearly every man tried hit on me and I don’t think my ass has been pinched so much. I was so tempted to turn around and punch a couple of them but I didn’t think that would go down too well.

Driving back home, Sonya was very appreciative. "Thank you Michelle, I owe you one."

"Yeah, well, next time you have one of these parties don’t ask me to do this again. I don’t care if you pay me a million dollars, I ain’t doing this. I prefer to be the pincher, not the pinchee."

Pulling up in front of my new apartment, Sonya pulls out the $100 dollars she promised and said, "Thanks again. Do you want to go to a movie or maybe a drink somewhere?"

"Nah... I think I’m just going to get the heck out of this outfit, and take a shower and forget this every happened. I’ll talk to you tomorrow."

"OK. See ya sweetie." Sonya said as she roared away.

As I walked into the lobby of my new apartment, I noticed the clicking sound that my shoes were making on the tile floor. "Nice, another thing to remind me of what I look like."

Walking over to the elevator, I pressed the up button, which lit up brightly. While waiting, I started to think over my day and how the transformation affected me. I was a guest for god sakes, listening to those women babble about crap was so boring. At least this outfit got a lot more comfortable over the day. It actually feels a little looser, and my feet have stopped hurting. With that, the elevator door opened, and I walked in hitting the 17th floor button. As the elevator began to rise I look across the elevator looking at my reflection in the mirror admiring how hot I do look and how sexy I’ve become. As the elevator stopped on the 17th floor and the doors open, I hastily walked out to my apartment. After opening the door, I kicked off the high heel shoes and walked over to the fridge to get a beer.

Cracking open the beer, I started walking to the bathroom to get rid of all this stuff. Turning the lights on once again presented me with the image of a beautiful girl looking back at me from the mirror. I still couldn’t believe how beautiful I looked as I stood their checking myself over again and again. What the heck, I look too good I didn’t want to remove the whole kit just yet. I went into the bedroom and took the dress off and let it drop to the ground. I also whipped off the stockings and garter belt and catching a glance at myself in the mirror, I saw a sexy girl looking back at me wearing just the pink bra and panties. I raised my hand and grabbed my breasts with both hands and gave them a squeeze.

Out the corner of my eye I spotted Sonya’s silky pink pyjamas and thought why not as I proceeded to put them on. I was amazed just how well they fitted me and how sexy the satin pyjamas felt against my body. I turned out the light and hopped into bed and recalled back in my mind my experience being a girl for a day. I must have had a good night sleep because when I woke up in the morning, Sonya was standing at the end of the bed with a smile on her face.

"Good morning Michelle, did you have a nice sleep," she said as I pulled the sheets off me. "Oh Michelle you look so sexy wearing my pink pyjama’s, do you like being a girl"

I quickly jumped out of bed realizing I was still wearing her pyjamas. I was so embarrassed. "Being a girl isn’t for me," I said still with a high girlie voice as I reached for the front of the wig to pull the small remove cord.

After digging around, I couldn’t find it. "Aw Shit.. Where the hell is it!"

After a few minutes of fretful searching, I tried to just yank it off, but it felt like I was pulling my own hair out, I was given me quite a bit of pain.

"Well, at least I can get rid of the makeup and fake nails." I said to Sonya as I reached into the bag Amanda gave me with the removers.

Bringing some warm water and soap to my face, I reached over and grabbed a white face cloth, wiping off the residue and water from my face, I looked at the cloth and saw that most of the make up came right off.

"Not bad..." I said, until I looked at the mirror.

True, the makeup was mostly gone, but my skin was still smooth and pale. My eyes were still wide and beautiful, and my lips still looked pouty. Panicking, I continued wiping my face with the cloth but nothing happened. The rest of the top level of makeup was gone, but my face was still feminine and had that paleness to it.

"Amanda says.. Oh. It’ll come right off, yeah right, wait until I see her again", I said as I spread some of the glue remover on the fake nails. Letting it sit for a few minutes, I ran my hand under the tap, fully expecting the nails to just fall into the sink. Instead, the dull pink polish just ran off exposing the nail underneath. I thought these were false pink nails I said to myself as I took a closer look. "Wait a minute, these are my nails, somehow these things have bonded to me."

I then got out of the satin pyjamas and removed the bra and panties from my body as I looked again into the mirror to see a naked woman looking back at me. Trying to find the seam for the fake breasts and the corset proved fruitless because it was no longer there.

"Oh my god", I said looking back at the mirror, I felt a slight breeze drift over my breasts and noticed my nipples double in size, standing out from my body. Letting my hands drift down my body, starting at my breasts, I felt my new thin waist, and where my hips seemed to balloon out. Bring my hand down to where my cock used to be, I felt what I hoped was still my fake vagina. Sliding my fingers over the opening, it felt warm as I closed my eyes in fear, I slipped one of my fingers in, and felt the moistness and the feeling of being penetrated.

"No please no", I whispered to myself, still hearing the sexy high voice. "This can’t be happening." Running to my bedroom, still clutching the glue remover and now feeling my breasts bounce as Sonya watched on with amusement as I took another look at the full-length mirror.

Running my eyes up and down the reflection, I could not find any seams or even a difference in color in my skin. There was just the flawless body of a 21-year-old girl. I spread the glue remover all over where the seams once were, almost screaming "please work. please work" To my disappointment, It didn’t.

As I looked down holding my breasts in my hands, the only words I could mutter were, "Oh my God Sonya, I’m now a girl, my whole body has changed into a girl, how did this happen?"

To be Continued…
