---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Friends Reunited
authors:
- Paultt
tags:
- M+/f
- F/f
- M+/f+
- bond
- extreme
- sex
- rope
- chain
- clamps
- pain
- outdoors
- hood
- gag
- wrap
- cage
- stocks
- transport
- cons
- reluct
- XX
date: 2020-02-06 00:00:00
---

story continues from [Part 4](friendsreunited4.html)

### Part 5

Caroline sits in the coffee bar on her own. She has left Daz making a set of new harnesses for a new customer. Her mind’s a whirl. This week so far has been so bloody weird. She knew she was complex but the whole Janet thing was affecting her still. Was she a lesbian? Well, bi-sexual. Well, dominant. Well, a sadist. A submissive?

*Well, oh I don’t fucking know!*

She slams her cup down and looks out at the rain splattered street, at the local old cinema that was advertising Pockfest, a country music festival that Daz was taking her to on Saturday night.

She was looking for a bit of reality. Hoping for it if she was honest. Maybe a bit of Ward Thomas would make life better. Hopefully life would get back to the way it was. Well, until the next guest. She didn’t know if she wanted another, as this one had changed her a lot.

Well she thought it had and it worried her.

*I still love being helpless. Still want Daz to tie me up and give me all those orgasms. I love him. But this is a whole new dynamic.*

She was worried. The orgasm she had got out of Janet as she pulled on the rope had solved a riddle. She was a masochist! Janet liked the pain and suffering. She didn’t get why Janet didn’t want what she did out of bondage: orgasms. She had been worried about Daz fucking Janet, but now three days after Janet had flown back, she still felt weird about that. It was her who had taken advantage of the customer, not Daz. She found the fact that Janet never said a word or made any sound apart from a few whimpers unnerving.

Caroline didn’t have a wish to be a dominant. Her life here had been all about being helpless, suffering and coming.

*I‘ve never even thought about sex with a woman.* *Hell!* she thought, as she bought another coffee and looked at a tall, blond woman, dressed in jeans and a short leather jacket walking calmly in the rain. *Should I fancy her?*

Well, maybe if she was tightly bound in rope with her tits... *NO.* *Fucking stop it!* She looked at her reflection in the glass, worried she would see a monster looking back at her.

Daz had walked in just as Janet had passed out. He had helped her to ease her on to the floor. And Caroline had told him the first lie since they had met, that “Janet had passed out during her orgasm.” She didn’t mention taking the slack out of the noose rope, and she had lifted the woman off her feet! She hoped Janet didn’t mind that much and told on her. Caroline might view it differently to Daz but she still wanted Janet to have fun. Surely, she must need a sexual thrill out of it?

Daz did only see it as just a business deal. He had told her that much, while gently making love to her that morning. Was he sensing her angst? She didn’t know and he had told her that she shouldn’t worry; they would have a debrief at the end of it and see how much bonus Janet paid them, and if she recommended them to anyone.

“Word of mouth, so to speak!” He had smiled, but they were still waiting for the debrief from Janet to arrive and any bonus. But on the plus side Daz’s libido had kicked in. It seemed to have got him horny, so fucking horny; her too, if she was honest. And the events the other day in the tunnel played on her mind as well.

“Oh god I'm turning into a slut!” she muttered to herself.

“Sorry dear?” the old lady was sitting at the window table opposite side to her.

“Oh, did I say something out loud?”

The woman laughed it off. “I do it all the time, don’t worry!”

Caroline smiled and looked out the window again.

The bit that worried her was after she had slackened the noose from around Janet's neck, and rolled her onto her back. Daz had left to go get the tractor, to move her to her next place of keeping.

As she was already naked, she didn’t want to get her clothes wet while showering Janet. She waited until Janet had come to her senses a little and then squatted down and sat on her open mouth. At first Janet didn’t do much other than a gentle lapping. Caroline realised the ring gag made it hard for her to reach her clit and so moved a bit to bring it into line with it. It felt weirdly soft, a lot gentler than when Daz had done it the other night.

Janet's breathing out of her nose was cooling the space between her arse cheeks, it was tickling her. She laughed and ground down a bit more. Not caring that Janet's arms were being crushed under her body.

She reached down and grabbed a breast, then the other. She hadn’t ever felt another woman’s breasts before so she began squeezing and pulling on the hard nipples. Janet gasped, moaning into her pussy.

That felt good. But so wrong. She slapped a breast and watched it roll back into place, then the other; each time hating herself, but enjoying the feel of the flesh bouncing. Janet lapped harder, as if hoping to bring her off. Caroline set up a rhythm. Left breast, right, left, right, left, right. Janet's licking got more urgent and when Caroline came she flopped forward laying with her whole-body weight on her victim. She remembered Janet's arms being trapped under her as she looked down at the woman’s dripping pussy. *So at least this excites her*, she thought, climbing up.

She had quickly realised she had to get Janet ready for transportation to the tunnel, Paul and Daz would be here soon. Dressing quickly, she bent, putting her hands under Janet, and lifted her up. They had decided to give Janet an hour, just to get her circulation back and feed her, so she was cutting into that time.

Daz also wanted to give her an enema. He had bought a couple of kits as it seemed people paid good money for being forced into having one. He had also said to Caroline she would be getting one some night, as he needed to practice on someone, and she was his ‘muse.’

They knew Janet wanted to be kept in one place, in one tie, for a few days, so that was why Daz had said he wanted to use the tunnel. Caroline was going to be in the tunnel with her. Paul had made a thing for Caroline to be fastened into, so she could keep a subtle eye on Janet and see how she was.

The fact was, Paul was also going to get to see Caroline naked for the first time. She had to admit, being naked in front of him had both turned her on a little, and scared the shit out of her. She loved Daz and the things they got to do. She was lucky to have found him. There was no worries about them as a couple. But this whole thing was like the elephant in the room. And the future? More of these type of customers?

There was no doubt about it, things had gotten weird. Sipping at her coffee, she now worried that Janet might knock a lot off the bonus, for the day she sat on her face. Or the hanging thing. She hadn’t told Daz about it as she was worried about how he would see her.

Janet hadn’t said anything as she had fed her the mashed banana and then a bowl of Weetabix. *So maybe she thinks it’s part of the experience,* she had thought at the time. Now she had doubts, would Janet mention it when she commented on how much the bonus was going to be?

Later on, the whole thing seemed surreal to Caroline. The normality of being in Costa and with a day away from the farm, to give herself a bit of head space.

She hoped to see it through to the end. But she sighed and shuffled a bit. *Oh well I better go do some shopping*. *Hopefully an hour in Sainsbury’s will clear my mind.*

---

Janet was hurting. Her whole body ached and she didn’t know when it would stop. Now at home she sat, thinking back on the ending to her week. She was happy. Yup. Very, very happy. The pain from stiff limbs and the numbness of her position was adding to her state of mind.

Her ability to suffer was helping the recovery from the place she had allowed herself to get into before she had booked this experience. You couldn’t really call it a holiday. Her mind kept going back, to the point where she had finally hit her dream.

The whole group of them had given her the best experience ever. She knew there were three of them. One was a woman, she knew that from the sex and the taste and the way she handled her; she didn’t mind it actually. The orgasm was unexpected, as was the bit were she was lifted off the ground by her neck.

Was it that? Or the fact the woman was practically fisting her? Something she had never tried. But whatever it was it worked. The fact she had been used by her, to have the favour returned, was the special part. This whole thing was *her thing*, her being.

She didn’t know why she was like this, but the three of them had got it right. She guessed she had two days left. She listened intently. A faint draft of cold damp air drifted across her forehead and her breasts making her nipples stiffen again.

It was if a ghost was blowing on them. After the shower she had been chained up in a cell for an hour or so. Not too harshly. She had hoped the woman hadn’t gone soft or easy on her.

And then it began.

The two men, and she was sure of that, just by the calloused hands of the one who smelled of metal. And the first man who always smelled faintly of leather. Where the woman had gone she didn’t know.

They started to bind her.

She realised it was nylon bailer twine. Oh god, she loved that part. They showed no mercy, her big toes were just the start of it. Then her ankles and the in-steps. Each wind pulled tight, continuing up her legs until mid-thigh. Stomach and ribs were both tightly wrapped, pulling her waist down two sizes. She was dripping with sweat, arousal and fear; she had to really breathe deep to pull in the air.

Both her boobs got crushed to her chest. They grabbed her wrists and one of them held them tight, while the other started at her shoulders and crushed her arms tighter than she had ever been tied. He put about twenty winds on then cinched; repeating it down to the top of her wrists.

Her body hurt.

A rubber hood was forced to her brow and the goggles whipped off her eyes; the hood was pulled over and smoothed down until her whole head was covered, except for her nose. She was then thrown over the shoulder of the metallic smelling man, and they bounced up the stone steps.

She wondered where they were taking her. To be truthful she didn’t care.

She felt the cold damp air on her bare buttocks. A rough finger circled her vulva and slipped inside as she bounced on it. Head down, she felt cool rain on her bum. As she got used to the feeling, he stopped. She felt him turn and her bum touched cold steel, making her shiver. Hands eased her up and over his shoulder.

She was carried then laid down. The smell of grass hit her, and she was rolled over onto her front. The footsteps as the person walked away vibrated through her body and she knew she was in a trailer or a skip.

A loud boom and she heard a loud engine starting. She continued to feel the drizzle falling on the bits of skin still exposed, then she was bounced around as whatever she was in rolled slowly down what felt like bumpy track.

The rain picked up a little, each drop adding to her slickness. She had rolled up to a steel wall, and pushing her arms out behind her as much as she could, she used them to stop rolling about. It wasn’t comfortable, but it did the trick.

The motion had eventually come to a stop and she could hear voices as the tractor started going backwards. A voice, sounding dull behind her hood, was like someone guiding the tractor back. It seemed to go on for a long way, then the rain stopped and the sounds and feeling in the air around her changed. A different sound and the steel floor lifted.

She gave a little yip. Was she over a cesspit? Were they just going to tip her out onto the floor and leave her?

It didn’t go up much, and as she felt some of the water that had pooled round her run to the rear of the trailer, she knew why. The front of the trailer dropped with a bang and the sound of its engine going away echoed. Was she in a shed?

The smell of the grass in the trailer and rain made her curious. Where was she?

The echo of footsteps came down the side of the trailer and there was a banging, then the footsteps bounce down the trailer to her side. She was lifted and carried - none too gently - down the trailer, then lowered into someone’s arms. Then she was carried for what seemed like ages. The air smelt damp; the echo of the stones he kicked as he walked bounced back to her ears.

She wasn’t gagged, but the hood’s tight rubber holds her mouth shut. Another set of footsteps were catching up. Then there was a crack on her left buttock cheek, which stung like hell. The footsteps passed her by, and the man carrying her disappeared into the distance.

*Shit, how far underground is this?*

She heard a clunk and a boom in the distance. The sound and feel changed again.

*Shit, we must be way down deep.*

She was lowered to the floor. The floor under her feet was not cold, just the same temperature as the rest of her surroundings. She felt a tugging on her wrists. Her body was picked up and she felt the top of a post under her buttocks as her legs were being tugged on. The sound of cling film, as it was wrapped around the post and her legs, echoes harshly around.

Slowly her legs are welded to the post by the film. Then a suppressed giggle, followed by a thud.

Paul had gone dizzy and fallen over. Daz couldn’t help but laugh.

A hand stroked her face through the hood and she found herself leaning into the caress. She had to admit, she was a little scared. The cool air on her shoulders and buttocks, the warmth of the fingers as they rub her shoulders then stroke her buttocks, is sort of needed. She had the feeling she might be alone here for a while.

Her arms were tugged on and she felt them lifted behind her, then upwards to shoulder height. Tilting her body forward, bending at the waist. She groaned a little. As she felt chain being looped around her wrists, she heard the squeal of a block and tackle, and her arms were pulled up into a harsh strappado position.

*God, this will hurt later,* she thought. She was right.

The warm hands ran down her arms, and onto the tightness of her shoulders. She felt a presence in front of her and knew one of them is waiting for her to say “no,” or something.

*Let them wait,* she thought. But then almost changed her mind, as the door squealed and then with a bang a lock is thudded home. The faint sound of feet disappearing in the distance is the last thing she heard.

Then the ache began. Her shoulders first. Then the rest of her body began to catch up.

---

Walking round Sainsbury’s, Caroline had her mind on the job. Food was needed, and she wanted to cook something nice for Paul and Daz. They had done themselves proud.

The Saudi visit had gone very well. The men had been very expensively dressed in suits. The watch one of them wore was more expensive than the Range Rovers she had noticed when they had transferred over in the hotel car-park.

The women dressed conservatively, in western dress, until they got to the farm when all three went into the cellar and undressed. They had all stayed together. All three of them were beautiful, and Caroline was surprised by how normal they seemed. All served the same man. They had been sweet and fun to be around. Caroline had enjoyed their company. The giggles and laughter they shared as they stood and modelled the different harnesses for the main man was amazing! They weren’t at all like she thought they would be, all subservient and cowed. They loved everything, even the huge rubber dildos attached to the different harnesses.

The older of the three women, who was about 40, came up with other ideas. Daz, sitting with the main man, had to do drawings and ask Caroline to take some more measurements. Some of the things were cosmetic, some were cruel.

The younger, taller one seemed to be the one who was going to suffer the most. But even the older one had come up with the placement of straps, on a harness designed for herself.

They had a couple of drinks, then Paul was introduced, and Caroline had to help again. Paul had built some frames, a set of steel stocks and other exciting things. She had to help the younger girl into the cages, and a head stock he had been asked to make. She had also placed all three into boxes, like the one Janet had been placed into. These went down very well with the main man and he asked Paul about dildo placement, and whether lashing loops could be placed inside the box.

Talk had moved onto the frames and larger items. Caroline whispered to the older woman that she might like the one in the corner. Its prototype was in the tunnel, and she had first hand experience. The woman smiled and asked her to describe its use. Caroline tried not blush as she explained its features.

It had started with Daz and Paul disappearing with Janet. They came back looking smug with themselves and she did wonder if Janet had sperm dropping out of all her holes. She had ridden down on the last tractor load of trailers to be dropped in the tunnel. Then they had both looked at Caroline as she walked inside the tunnel.

Paul and Daz waited while Caroline stripped off. She was turned round and handcuffs locked on her wrists and elbows then a pair of leg irons locked on her ankles. She blushed as Paul looked at her breasts and bare pussy for the first time.

*Oh god, if Mum could see me now*, she thought. All the feminist things she had been taught, were now running away from her, screaming for Germaine Greer to come and rescue her.

A leather hood was dropped over her head, and she walked between them both, a hand on each arm. Caroline felt nervous, as Paul had never seen her naked, she wondered how he saw her. She still didn’t know how she had let Daz talk her into this. She hadn’t seen the tunnel, and wished they had the keys for it before when they were young. Her mind went off into a fantasy, of her been led off to her doom by two jailers, being placed into a deep jail cell.

She counted the steps as she walked. The cool air of the tunnel made her nipples hard and the whole situation left her with slick thighs, as the ankle chain links clinked loudly. They had gone a long way when they stopped, a boom echoing down the tunnel as a door opened.

Her leg irons had been unlocked and her ankles had been pulled apart, until she felt something rigid and wide locked round them. She was held by her arms and leaned forward; the ankle cuffs swivelled until she was at 45 degrees, and she felt her neck touch a half cup. The hood was smoothed down over her neck, and the rear part of the clamp folded round to encase it. She was nervous; all her weight would be on her neck, and her breath was laboured. She was glad someone was holding on to her arms.

She felt the cuffs on her elbows and wrists being unfastened. A metal waist belt tightened up, making her shudder. This was cold, and each click indented her stomach, but at least it took a lot of the weight off her throat. A pole was placed across her chest, locking into place across the frame. Then the two clamps closed round her hanging breasts, squeezing each boob at the base of her chest into a tight ball.

Her arms were pulled out to the corners of the steel frame she leaned against, and locked into cuffs attached to the frame’s top corners. She felt hands on her breasts, gently pulling and manipulating each one, until the skin of her boobs didn’t feel trapped. Then two pairs of hand rubbed the oil that Daz liked onto her body, making her feel relaxed and even more horny. Even though she wasn’t gagged, she didn’t speak, as she knew from what Daz had told her Janet wasn’t far away.

She didn’t have any worries about moaning though, when both pairs of hands worked the oil into her swollen breasts. The rigidity of her nipples as strong fingers crushed and pulled at them almost made her come.

*Would they both fuck me? Oh god,* she thought, *a couple of months ago I was lonely and using my rabbit. But now I am a pervert.* She almost laughed as both set of hands dropped to her pussy lips, and a thumb coated in oil plunged into her anus.

Caroline hadn’t spoken, but had moaned and panted a lot, as the two sets of fingers gave her orgasms that ran through her body. Fingers worked deep in her pussy, pulling and tugging at her clit and lips. Something warm pushed against her anus; kept pushing and retreating, pushing and going deeper. The fingers in her pussy kept bringing her to the edge, then letting her calm down, all the while the thing in her bum kept fucking her.

Her gasps grew, then she felt whoever it was expand and come. Her mind going wild, *was it Daz or Paul?*

It must have been one of them, as the other entered her next. Daz whispered in her ear, “Don’t forget your safe word!” She nodded; feeling the thrusting getting stronger as whoever was inside her grew in strength and hardness.

He soon came, and another cock entered her arse. *Fuck, how many of them were down here?* Her mind flashed away: the captain had given her to his crew. The image of her lashed to the rails of the pirate ship filled her head.

She could feel the sweat dripping off her nipples. The hand on her pussy pinched her clit and a huge orgasm hit as the cock kept ploughing away at her. Her nipples shot fire through them as something pinched them. The fucking continued, she decided there was no other way to describe it other than it was as if she were just a set of holes. Her mind turned over, and a set of orgasms ripped through her. With a scream she passed out.

She could smell toast. Weirdly, she felt warm and seemed to be in a soft bed. Opening her eyes, she was in their bedroom. Daz walked over to her and kissed her head. “You okay babe?” He touched her forehead, stroking her hair from her eyes.

She moved her body and felt stiff and very sore. She looked down at her breasts; a huge ring of a bruise encircled the bases of each one. Her wrists had matching bruises, no doubt so would everywhere else she had been restrained.

“How long have I been here?” She sipped from the offered glass of cold water and looked round for a clock.

“Six hours pet. You gave Paul a huge fright. He thought we had killed you!”

She smiled. “Well they do call it the small death, in France,” she laughed.

“Well it was my first one too, and you’re not worried about me being scarred.” She laughed and pretended to look hurt as he kissed her mouth.

“You’re a lot tougher than he is. Did you enjoy it?” He slid into bed with her and pulled her into his arms.

“It was amazing. Not something my old body could stand a lot of though.”

“Were you jealous of him fucking me?”

Caroline wasn't sure, now it had happened, how she felt. *I’ll worry about it later,* she thought, and dropped to sleep in his arms.

Caroline hadn't seen Janet for a couple of days as she needed to get back to work for a conference. By the time she came back it was the day of Janet's freedom.

They had taken the van down the track to the tunnel entrance. This had become drier as for the last few days, the rain had stopped. Daz had been pleased to see her, on her return from the conference, and they had spent a few hours eating and catching up on the last few days.

Janet was still in the tunnel and Paul had been looking after her for most of the time, with Daz supervising. They had put her in the frame that Caroline had been locked into, introduced to a fucking machine, been made to orgasm for a long time and then placed back into another stressful position.

It was out of this position she was going to be taken, and returned to her hotel. Caroline had booked another room in the hotel they had taken her from. Caroline was shocked at the state of her. Her lower half was covered in mess, and her body weight had dropped. She looked knackered and zoned out. Caroline raised her eyebrow at Daz who just shrugged.

Daz carried her down the tunnel and laid her on a plastic sheet in the back of the van, roping her to the lash-down eyes. They drove her back to the farm and and Daz cuffed her, then washed her off in a hot shower, scrubbing her hard to clean her up.

She still didn't say a word, as Caroline wrapped her in a towel robe and laid her on the sofa in front of the log fire. A bowl of Heinz tomato soup and home-made bread was placed in front of her. She ate slowly, coming to life and looking around her. Daz had already left to feed the cows and move them back to the barn. Caroline just sat in front of her, sipping coffee, and waiting if she wanted to say anything. Janet just sat there and ate.

*Fuck, we have broken her*, Caroline thought.

“You have a choice,” Caroline said eventually, “go back to the hotel normally, or in the box you came here. If you go back normally, you will wear a blindfold, but that's all!”

Janet just held out her wrists. Box it was, and that was that. Janet had gone back the same way she came. Caroline had placed all her clothes in the wardrobe, laid out all her documents, reconstructed her phone and put it on charge for her. They had left her cuffed, with the key for it frozen in ice.

That was the last they saw or heard from her. They had been paid the set amount. Now they awaited the next contact...

*End of part 5*

*Copyright© 2020 by Paul. All rights reserved. I welcome your comments. Email me at paultt47@gmail.com*
