---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Part-Time Equine
authors:
- ForeverAltered
tags:
- F/f
- fpov
- ponygirl
- training
- latex
- catsuit
- corset
- harness
- bridle
- gag
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2023-04-02 00:00:00
---

#### Part 3

I groaned loudly into my pillow as the warm covers were thrown off me and the cool morning air attacked my bare skin. I curled up into a ball, trying to keep warm and trying to stay in the realm of sleep. I was so exhausted from yesterday's events that I dozed off in my underwear, I struggled to change completely into the pyjamas that were laid out for me.

"Come on, time to get up," Chloe laughed as she threw the covers onto the floor.

I groaned again with my face embedded into the pillow, trying to wrap myself tighter and tighter into a ball. I wanted to stave off the morning for a bit longer but my friend was making it impossible.

My bones were still slightly aching from the long walk we took yesterday. Harriet took us on a tour of her entire property. I took every step very slowly to avoid the outfit punishing my body, however, even small steps caused the latex to torture my clit, not enough to push me over the edge, but enough to make me struggle to think about anything else.

Good thing the tour wasn't too long. Apart from the main building, Harriet's property consisted of two fields. One was filled with outdoor horse pens and a riding school and the other one was completely empty apart from an old shed that was left to rot on the other side.

Harriet introduced me to a set of three wooden huts that sat between the first field and the house. They were cosy spaces where clients and the pony girls could cuddle or talk privately. Despite the wooden look, each one was equipped with a temperature control, lights and even a radio for background music.

It was at that point that Harriet reminded me no actual sex was allowed between clients and the girls. The suits were thin enough to tease the wearer, but only Harriet and Chloe had the ability to take the girls out of the latex that trapped them.

"We got lots to do today!" Chloe continued, breaking me out of my thoughts.

"Do you mind? Some of us are trying to sleep the morning away!" I flipped the pillow over my head.

"Harriet made me promise to get you dressed, ready and at the stable this morning"

"Can you come back in a few hours? Like midday?"

"Breakfast is on the table"

I threw the pillow on the floor, "I'm up!"

---

"Have you ever worn one of the outfits?" I asked, filling the silent room.

We once again sat in her living room, sitting at her table with a small plate of food in front of us. Both of us had been quiet for a few minutes, the events from yesterday were playing on my mind, but I didn't know why my friend was so quiet. However, she seemed quite shocked by my sudden question.

She gulped down what food was in her mouth, "Ummm, no… I've never worn them"

"Did you want to?"

"No, it never occurred to me."

"Oh, okay."

Once again the room went silent, this time Chloe didn't get back to eating but instead was playing with her food with her fork.

"H-how did it feel?" she asked.

"What? The suit?"

She nodded.

"It felt great," I smiled softly, "It felt familiar… somehow. Like I've worn something similar before."

"Oh… Have you?"

"No, I've never done anything like this before."

The silent room returned, this time we both teased the food on our plate rather than eating it.

"What's going on between you and the green gal?" The question left my lips before I had the chance to think about the words.

"Lily?" She seemed shocked again, "Nothing… nothing, w-why do you ask?"

I stared at my friend as she struggled to even say her sentence, "Nothing, you just seemed very close to her. You were stood next to her in the stable and you never left her side throughout the tour. I mean, I had that Kathia girl cuddling up to me whenever she got the chance but you were always paying attention to Lily".

"She's a nice girl, she was the first girl I met there. It was because of her I gave the job a shot."

"Harriet told me she is a great listener." I took another bite.

"I've been told she is the same out of the suit."

"Do you see them out of costume often?"

She shook her head again, "No, only the occasional time I take off their outfits, but Harriet prefers to do that. She spends the time talking to the girls and giving them their weekly pay check, I mostly just know the girls behind the harnesses"

"Have you ever undressed Lily?" I took another bite.

"Once" She sighed, "However, she was in a rush to leave. She just said 'sorry' over and over again as she got dressed and ran out"

I noticed Chloe's demeanour change, initially she was thoughtful with a soft smile but now she looked saddened by her lack of interaction with the green ponygirl. Chloe isn't the type of girl to complain when something isn't going her way, but it was hard to see her silently suffering.

"Why don't you ask Harriet if you can undress Lily next time she finishes?"

"No, I can't do that. It means too much to Harriet" She shook her head once more before going quiet for a moment, "Come on, get your breakfast down you so we can get to work"

---

Her car hummed down the country roads as Harriet's stables came into view. The cool dew of the morning created a layer of fog that was being dragged across the many fields we passed, allowing the morning sun to illuminate through it.

It would have been beautiful to see if I could keep my eyes open, the early start and late night was messing with my body clock, I always had late nights when i lived in the city.

I'm sure Chloe was driving on the harsher roads just to annoy me and keep me awake.

Finally the car came to a stop in front of the large, familiar gate.

I finally decided to open my eyes, "So what can I expect from today?"

Chloe pressed a fob on her keyring, causing the gate to rumble open, "Well, today is your training day so you'll spend all day being taught how to act in front of clients and how to react to their requests."

"Yeah, I know that. I meant what specifically?"

"I don't know all that stuff, I've never been on that side of the pony world so it will be a surprise for both of us"

"Will you be there with me? Whilst I'm being trained?"

Chloe snickered, "You make being trained sound like you are going to be castrated or something."

She took a moment to conduct herself from her sudden outburst. At this point the gate had opened fully and she drove through.

She continued, "All I know is that Harriet's friend, Beth comes in to train the new ponies, she disappears with them for the day and by the time they come back, they are acting as well as any of the girls… so castration might not be off the cards."

She winked at me before driving into the main part of the stable and parking the car up against an empty wall.

As we both exited her car, I watched as the front door to the house opened and Harriet walked out, along with a young lady.

The young woman had long dark hair and tanned skin, she stood up to around Harriet's shoulder, her wide eyes showed how dark her irises were, her long, black baggy coat hid the shape of her body.

As I walked up to the duo, I noticed the younger woman's glare heighten the closer I got. Despite the clear signals I was getting from her, I still managed to walk up to her and hold my hand out for a handshake.

"Hi, I'm Heather. You must be Beth? It's good to meet you."

The younger woman looked at me and then to my hand, she scoffed to herself before walking away.

Shock, I turned towards Harriet who had a somewhat whimsical look on her face.

"I do have to apologise for her" Harriet smiled, "That's Jade. She works with Chloe on basic duties for the girls. You'll get used to her mannerisms"

The older lady gave me a cuddle before turning me towards the door, letting me know that Beth was waiting inside for us both.

Harriet's house surprised me, it was small, welcoming and very comfortable. The owner closed the front door and ushered me into the main room, which was surrounded by pictures of family members, horses and other pets. It took me a moment to take my attention away from these and towards the lady sitting on the sofa, waiting to meet me.

Harriet introduced us, "Heather? This is my oldest friend Elizabeth, but she goes by Beth. Beth, this is our new girl, Heather. She seems to have settled in well"

Beth stood up and shook my hand. I was surprised how motherly and caring the older woman came off as. She was roughly the same age as Harriet, with lines around her eyes and mouth showing off her age, her shoulder-length red hair had its fair share of greys hidden away. In comparison to Harriet's thin figure, Beth had a curvy figure with a more ample bosom and as she shook my hand, she seemed genuinely happy to meet me.

"Well that's you two introduced," Harriet made it clear she wasn't going to stay, "I need to get to my girls. Heather, be good for Beth and do everything she tells you. Beth? Work your magic."

With that, she walked out of the house, leaving me and her friend alone in her living room. Beth sat back down on the sofa but tapped the cushion for me to sit down next to her. Awkwardly, I followed her instruction and occupied the space next to her.

"So, how was your first day?" The older lady asked, her caring personality coming out in her tone, "Harriet told me you struggled in your suit?"

My cheeks blushed, showing off the rose red colour in contrast to my pale skin. I didn't say anything to the stable owner, was it that obvious that I was trying not to explode from the feeling of the latex touching my body?

"Ummm…" I brushed my red hair back to waste time and figure out my next sentence, "Yeah, I did struggle, I guess."

She softly smiled, "Don't worry, it happens to everyone. The first time I wore one of the outfits, my head couldn't make sense of anything. All the new sensations I felt was enough to nearly knock me unconscious."

"You wore one of the suits?"

"Yeah, I was the first ponygirl" Her smile grew, somehow with an air of innocence, "I believe Harriet still has my suit somewhere, though that was years ago."

"Wow."

"Is it really that surprising?"

"No… just wasn't expecting it. Why did you stop?"

Beth looked away briefly before regaining eye contact with me, "Oh, just real life gets in the way, you know."

"Yeah, I guess so…"

"Yeah, oh well" She slapped her legs and stood up, "Let's get you into your suit then and see what you are made of."

I audibly gulped, the silence of the room making it sound much louder than it should have been.

---

I found myself in the same situation I was in the last time I was here. I would have laughed if it wasn't so absurd. Once again I found myself in the empty stable, looking at the stone wall and covering my naked body as much as I could. This time it was Beth who also occupied the small room and not the stable owner, as the older lady sorted through the crate that held my equipment and outfit, I focused on the wall and other details to take my mind off my nakedness. One arm stretched over and covered my breasts and the other hid my freshly shaved vagina, something that also added to my embarrassment. I would not be able to explain why, but how a woman keeps her pubic hairs trimmed was always a very personal topic for me and it filled me with embarrassment that another woman knows that I keep mine completely shaven.

"It's not that bad," Beth calmly stated as she pulled up the latex outfit, I heard the shiny material ripple with every movement of her arms, "I've seen all the girls here naked once before as I have trained them all and it's not like I don't have the same parts."

Beth giggled to herself as I noticed Harriet said something very similar the first time I wore the outfit, this made my arms relax slightly, but they stayed in the same place, covering my private areas.

Beth walked up behind me with the empty suit in hand, she placed the shiny, silver material by the back of my feet, "Okay, right leg up."

I did as she commanded and lifted my right leg slightly, she didn't waste much time holding my ankle and slipping on the bottom of the suit, she calmly placed my leg on the floor and did the same for the left foot. I sighed softly as I felt the sexy material brush against my shaven leg. As the left foot finally touched the floor, Beth pulled the suit up my body and I felt the latex pull and tighten against both legs and my butt. She kept pulling until the crotch of the suit began to rub intimately against my sex and all the loose wrinkles were gone and the outfit was flush against my skin.

The familiar feeling of latex against my body caused my sigh to transform into a moan. In the short amount of time I was free from it, I forgot how amazing it felt against my skin, it took me the longest time to realise I didn't have to cover my vagina anymore, as it was engulfed in the new silver layer.

"Wow" I stuttered softly.

"I know" Beth stood up behind me, "Now, your arms!"

I gave in and let go of my breasts and let the older woman take my left wrist, within seconds it had been swallowed by the outfit and my arm was in the same situation as my legs, as my brain processed that, Beth didn't waste any time getting my right arm into the same predicament.

With a quick tug around the torso and the zip pulled up tight, I was once again entirely sealed in the pony outfit.

With a few more movements, Beth quickly equipped the suit with the stomach harness, pony legs and arms, meaning my limbs ended with the hooves. In a way, I felt complete.

Beth still had the head harness to go until I was complete, but she allowed me a moment to enjoy the entire outfit before fully taking away my freedom.

I took a few steady steps, the heavy boots clacking against the rubber matting of the stable. Despite taking it as steady as I could, the few steps I took confirmed my worst fears as the latex pulled against my sex and began turning me on once more.

"You'll get used to it," the older woman interrupted my thoughts.

She stood up and grabbed the harness that sat on the floor next to her. I puffed out a large sigh as my body trembled at the thought of walking any further than I already have. My mind was racing with the memories of walking around the stables before with Harriet, Kathia, Lily and Chloe, when I was being shown around for the first time. We took it as slowly as possible but I was screaming internally with every step.

Beth didn't give me much time to think as she began attaching the head harness to the rest of the suit, before I knew it that unique gag was placed in my mouth and all the straps were locked in place, tight but still breathable and comfortable. It surprised me how quick the older woman was as she had finished locking it in place as soon as I got the gag in a comfortable position.

"Ta-da!" Beth smiled as she took a step back to look at my completed form,

I couldn't help but laugh, which caused the gag to whistle and create the realistic horse sound. I pulled against the harness to stare at my sleek body and black furred hooves.

"Oh wait!" Beth gasped, "I forgot something!"

She shot out of the stable and ran to the storage cupboard, the movement was so quick I just stood there, processing her last action. I clapped my two hand hooves together as my eyes glanced over the now empty room, unsure on what to do.

It wasn't long before she came back with what I first thought was a flogger in her hands, the first part of the item I saw was long strips of what looked like leather. As Beth brought it closer, it was only then I noticed it was more of a fake hair material and it was a pony tail rather than what I initially thought.

I made a noise in shock, which instantly came out of the gag.

"Harriet doesn't want the girls to wear these tails anymore, but I think it completes the outfit" Beth couldn't stop smiling as she walked behind me. I felt a few tugs against the lower back of the stomach harness. Once again, it was finished before I even noticed.

She walked around me a few times before finally taking a few steps back in front of me.

"Yep, perfect," she chuckled, acting as if I was an art piece.

I wiggled my body side to side, feeling the tail swish left to right with the ends lightly slapping my thighs. I couldn't help but smile at the sensation, somehow feeling more complete than I was before.

"Are you ready to begin?" Beth asked, attaching a lead rope to the collar clip.

I took a few more moments to enjoy the tail before I nodded slightly.

---

Beth pushed the stable door open and pulled her new pony out from her shelter. She made sure to hold the lead rope tight against my body in case I decided to bolt, something I'm sure is second nature to her as I've seen plenty of people doing this same technique with actual horses.

As my hooves hit the cemented ground, I was surprised by the realistic sound my shoes made when the metal underneath collided with the path. If I closed my eyes I could swear the older lady was walking a real pony.

Beth seemed smug, proud even to be walking me like a trained animal. Admittedly, the idea of being led by her was a small turn on, I felt less freedom than I had in the stable, as I caught a glimpse of her smirk, she tried to hide it and remain professional and her hand pulled slightly tighter on the lead rope.

Together, we walked past Harriet's house and began down the field; from this position we could see for miles, the entire property that she owned as well as the neighbouring fields and houses. Whilst it added to my nervousness, as I already felt naked with the suit on, I was more shocked by the fact I couldn't see Chloe, Harriet or any of the other girls. With a view like this, I would assume we would have seen someone as I knew they weren't in the stables. However, my thoughts were put to the back of my mind as Beth walked me off the cement path and down a nature path. On my left were the stocks to let the horses (well, now ponygirls) out for fresh air whilst keeping them contained, on my right was the riding school, a large fenced off square with more rubber matting and a large mirror running along the back.

If this place still had real horses, this is where riders would learn the ropes about being on horses, learning to trot and gallop as well as many other techniques. The large mirror was put in place to make sure riders were in correct positions whilst learning, but now it made me more aware of my bound form.

Beth opened the door to the riding school and led me through.

I took another moment to take in the school before she pulled me off the lead and told me to begin running around the area, shooing me as if I was a typical animal.

"Go on, you know what to do," she said as she closed the gate behind her, "you didn't complain at all on the way here, get running."

I groaned out of the gag, whilst I didn't complain, my groin was on fire due to the constant movement of the latex, physically I was quiet but mentally I was screaming from the blissful torment.

I kept close to the older woman, trying to relay what I was thinking despite being unable to talk.

She continued shooing me, "Come on, no time like the present!"

I groaned once more, turning around to the empty school, my feet moved forward gingerly as I began with small circles around Beth. My body began to struggle as I pushed myself to a walking pace, knowing she would push me further if I moved too slowly.

"Heather! Come on, girl! I know you can do better than that! Walk the whole length of the school!"

She spun the end of the lead rope to get me out further, another snort came from the gag as I moved out further, the older woman continued swinging the lead rope, pushing me up against the wall to make sure I walked further.

She allowed me to walk this pace until I walked an entire length of the space, then she whistled and commanded me to begin at a cantering pace. At this time she stopped walking alongside me and stayed in the centre, watching my body struggle at the faster speed.

I breathed out, trying to calm down despite my sex being attacked by my second skin, the feeling was overwhelming before and now it became something my brain couldn't even process.

Beth's commanding voice became softer and reassuring, complimenting me on my movement.

"Good stride, Heather!" She finally stopped swinging the lead rope and held it in both hands, "How are you feeling?"

A tired snort came from the gag.

"How is she doing?" A new voice came from outside the school.

I continued to run but forced my head to look to my left, the head harness making it a struggle.

To my surprise, Harriet stood by the gate watching my training, even more to my surprise was the fact she wasn't alone. A host of colourful women stood by her, to her sides she had Chloe and Jade, with Kathia's purple figure and Lily's green body standing next to Chloe and a tall red ponygirl and a smaller blue girl standing next to Jade.

I felt my cheeks warm up as they blushed under the bondage. I was struggling with the sexual arousal before but now I had an audience and Beth wasn't showing any signs of letting up.

"She's doing amazingly well! She was born to be a ponygirl!" Beth sang my praises.

"Great!" Harriet rested on the gate, "Do you mind if we watch for a bit?"

"Of course not!"

"I mind!" I inaudibly blubbered through the gag.

Beth whistled and spun the lead rope once more, "Faster! Hooves at your sides!"

I moved to a full sprint, continuing along the full length of the school. My vision blurred as I only focused on my legs moving forward. As I wasn't allowed to move my arms, my body was becoming tired more quickly but the pain of the tiredness came second to the growing sensation down below.

I ran past the group of women as their gazes followed me.

Mentally I begged my teacher to allow me to slow down but she continued to encourage my current speed.

My breathing turned to grunts as my steps got heavier, the feeling below turned to feel like static on my clit and began spreading up my body.

Beth whipped the lead rope again.

I puffed out hot air as my brain struggled to focus.

She whipped the rope again.

My knees began to buckle as the numbness took over.

The rope clipped the rubber ground on the third spin.

I continued to run but doubled-over, the pleasure down below became too much.

She stopped the spinning, my body was past the point of no return. I collapsed on the floor, right in front of the group of women. The world turned bright as the painful orgasm flushed over me. The gag rumbled as I yelled into the ground with the pleasure radiating through my body. I placed my hooves over my privates to get some control over the situation but it didn't help.

"There she goes," I heard an unfamiliar voice say, I assumed it was Jade.

I cried again as a third wave of bliss pushed its way out of me and a final fourth wave came slowly but ended the frenzy.

My frame trembled, I sat there on my knees with my body in a ball, my hooved hands still placed over my crotch, the buzzing was slowly lifted from me but I dreaded the thought of moving. Standing just feet from me was the group of women who saw the entire thing. I didn't know what was worse, the idea that a majority of them were complete strangers and they watched this intimate moment, or my old friend saw it.

Once my senses came back, I noticed the girls were actually clapping. I slowly lifted my head to see Harriet and Beth clapping and the pony girls trying to clap with their hooves, even Jade had a smirk on her face. Chloe looked more concerned than anything else.

"Good show!" Harriet smiled at me as the clapping faded, "We have to get back to the stables as we have visitors coming shortly, but it's good to see you coming along so well."

"Would you mind if me and Heather took cabin three?" my trainer asked, "Only for an hour?"

"No problem at all."

Harriet complimented Beth's training before saying goodbye. As she turned and walked away, Chloe and the other ponygirls followed their owner, Jade took a moment to look me up and down before going with the crowd.

Beth waited until the girls were a good distance away before she helped me to my feet, my numb legs struggled to hold my weight but I stayed stood up.

"How are you feeling?" She patted me down.

I breathed heavily, not hiding how exhausted I now felt.

"Don't worry, all the girls went through the same thing. You have to get used to the suit as you'll be spending hours at a time wearing it"

With both bound arms I held onto the older lady, using her frame as support for my weakened limbs. She held me for a moment, until I regained some strength in my legs before she began moving towards the gate and out of the school. I sighed some relief as my time running was over.

She held me tight as we gingerly travelled up the field towards the three huts, the comfort rooms to allow a ponygirl and her client a private moment, away from gawking eyes. They were pretty sizable, about half the length of a normal room but enough space inside to sit or lie down.

Beth walked me towards the hut which had the number three screwed into the wooden wall and she pulled the glass door open. On the outside the glass was completely black but as we transitioned inside, I found it was one-way glass, allowing us to see the stretching field without the worry of ruining the intimacy.

My hooved feet clopped on the wooden floor as the older lady pulled me in. Along the length of the room were cushioned seats to sit or lie down. In the corner by the glass door was a metal box with multiple switches and buttons. I automatically assumed it was to control the lights, heating as well as many other parts of the hut.

Beth pressed a button and lights illuminated the room, turning it a soft-red which was easy on the eyes. She continued with the switches, making sure the light was as soft as possible before helping me sit down.

She took a moment to lock the door behind herself before joining me on the cushioned seats.

I sat awkwardly, unsure of what to do next. I knew the huts were for more intimate moments with us ponies, to hold, cuddle and whatever else clients wanted to do, however, I was unsure why Beth took me here. My body was still exhausted from the run and the intense orgasm, she was understanding of what just happened to me but it was unclear why she wanted alone time with me.

I felt all the cushions deflate and move as she made herself comfortable next to me. I sat awkwardly with my bound hands on my legs as I waited for her next command, when she was done she slapped her lap and took my shoulders, moving me so I laid across several of the seats with my head on her legs. I sighed happily through the gag as my trainer calmly begin running her hands through my hair and stroking my second, shinier skin.

To say I was at complete comfort would have been a lie, I struggled with the thought of being intimate with someone I only met today… I struggled with the thought of being intimate with anyone. As a human, I usually pushed people away and avoided getting too close to people, as a pony I would have to be the complete opposite.

Why did I agree to do this?

Beth began humming as she continued exploring the top of my body, my short amber hair running through her fingers.

"How are you feeling?" She broke the silence, "Being a pony is so much more intense, isn't it?"

I breathed out, agreeing with her as my breath mixed with the gag.

"Everything is more innocent, more simple. You are unable to talk, you are almost helpless but you are a symbol of sexuality. I remember when I first put on the outfit and all the harnesses, every emotion was so powerful."

I nodded my head lightly, I completely understood.

She continued, "Chloe told me alot about you, you've known each other since college?"

I nodded again.

"She was so excited to have you back, she seems to really care about you. She's been talking about you so much I feel like I know you personally."

My eyes widened, did she really care about me so much? She was a good friend in college and she was an amazing person to give me this job but I didn't think our relationship was that solid.

Was she really that happy to have me here? I felt more of a burden to come back into her life but she was excited to have me here… and she was my last choice. I dreaded coming back to this town but I did as Chloe was happy to have me, but I would have taken any other option if it was available. Ideally, I would have stayed in the city.

I closed my eyes as a tear fell out and rolled down my cheek.

"Heather? Are you okay?" The older lady held me close, she unclasped the gag and released it from my mouth.

Despite the lady trying her best to help me, I held my head away from her to avoid her seeing my tears as they ran uncontrollably.

"Hey, hey," She tried to sooth me, "What's the matter?"

I didn't want to say anything but I couldn't avoid it, I needed her to get out of the suit but I had the feeling she wasn't moving until I opened my heart to her.

My bound hands did nothing to help as I struggled to wipe the tears away.

"What's the matter?" She repeated.

"I'm a terrible person," I blubbered, finally getting out some words.

"Of course you're not! Why would you say that?"

"I…I…I…" I struggled.

I didn't want to say anything, I didn't want the judgement from her, I didn't even know if I could say the words. The emotions hit me so hard, knowing I was using Chloe for a place to stay and she thought the world of me.

"Talk to me," she hummed.

I breathed in and slowly told her everything, my life since I left college, how I came back to this town and why I chose Chloe out of my friends to live with. She listened to every word without saying anything in return, only nodding every once in a while, she even made sure my cheeks were tear-free whilst I spoke.

Even when I finished talking, she left the room quiet for a moment, allowing me time to get control over myself. I was naked, both physically and now mentally.

"Please don't tell Chloe," I whimpered, "I don't want her to hate me."

"Hate you? The only person who hates you is yourself at the moment" Beth answered with a soft smile on my face, "You are not a bad person, nothing you just told me means you are bad."

I nodded numbly, trying to figure out what she meant as she continued wiping my face clean.

"From the way you said it, you are acting as if you are using Chloe for her place and you are a burden on your friend, but you are not… you are far from that. You are broken, you've told me about your life in the city but you didn't seem happy there, you didn't seem like yourself. You knew Chloe would have done anything to help you, you needed help but didn't know how to ask for it. You are beating yourself up because you don't think you deserve her.

I do not know why you didn't want to come back to this town and it's something I don't need to know, but I know you are exactly where you need to be and Chloe will help you in anyway she can, she loves you that much."

I wanted to respond but I was a mess, I was beating myself up inside but I assumed Beth would have done the same, the fact that she was on my side and so calm about it made me hurt even more… Maybe I was broken?

"You are far from a bad person," she finally said before stopping.

She continued to hold and comfort my body, her fingers continued to groom my hair and her other hand soothed my shiny skin. I could have spoken, the gag did not occupy my mouth anymore, I could have said anything to the older woman but instead I closed my eyes to stop my eyes from being sore.

---

"Heather?" My trainer gently pushed me, "Come on, girl, get up."

I forced my eyes open, they struggled to focus against the warm light of the hut. My initial feeling of confusion soon wore off as I took in my surroundings, I wanted to rub my eyes but I was soon reminded of my bound hands.

She smiled at me, "Hey, how are you feeling?"

"Okay, better… I guess" I mumbled, "I think I fell asleep."

"Yeah, you did."

"How long was I out for?"

"About an hour, I didn't want to disturb you… you looked so peaceful."

I moaned softly, turning into Beth. I was surprised how comfortable she made me but I felt embarrassed for falling asleep on her. Her hands continued to comfort my body as my brain fully came back to reality.

This continued for a few moments before Beth finally stood up, re-attaching the gag and lead rope to my head harness and taking me back outside. The cool air felt amazing against my skin as we began walking up the field, back towards the stable.

I wanted to say I felt better about myself, Beth seemed to think highly of me but I still felt bad, I still felt like a burden to my friend and as if I was using her for a place to stay, but I also felt that there was a reason I was here, in this stable and in this outfit.

With every step, the latex continued to pull against my sex, once again turning me on… however, this time the feeling wasn't overwhelming, a pressure wasn't building that would evolve into an uncontrollable orgasm, it felt good but it was manageable.

Admittedly, it was the way Beth pulled the lead rope that messed with my head even more, it felt so commanding, that I had to walk everywhere she pulled me and I had no say in the matter, even more now that the gag was back in place.

Never did it occur to me that I was a submissive person, but each action the older woman did made it more apparent that I enjoyed being told what to do.

I followed her steps as we reached the property. A few of the ponygirls stood around the yard being fussed around by people I didn't know, I assumed they were clients. Beth avoided them and pulled me back towards the stable. I'm sure she didn't want to overwhelm me with interacting with outsiders on the first day.

However, a familiar voice called out to us, Beth stopped and turned around to greet the stable owner. Harriet looked me up and down, smiling the entire time as she noticed the difference in my manner.

"Yeah, she looks like she is ready" She placed her arm around my trainer, "Do you think she'll be ready to start tomorrow?"

Beth looked proud as she did the same, "Oh, I'm sure. She's completely ready to start her life as a ponygirl"

"Good… that's amazing work! Although, I did notice she's wearing a tail"

"Damn, I thought you wouldn't notice"

Between the two older women bickering about my tailpiece, I felt very self conscious as I was aware of it moving between my legs.

"Just make sure to remove it and put it back!" Harriet scolded Beth before turning to me with a more comforting look, "Heather, I'm glad the training went well, I'm looking forward to seeing you here tomorrow for your first proper day"

Harriet walked away before Beth finally pulled me into the comfort and solitude of the stable.

The outside world went quiet as the older lady closed the door behind her. I took my place in the middle of the room, getting used to the sponge-like matting of the floor once more. She smiled, taking in the view of me in my full horse attire once more before she unhooked the lead rope and took off the gag again.

"…And that is it. That is everything I can teach you about being a ponygirl" She stated as she took the foreign object out of my mouth.

"That's everything?" I asked, "I didn't expect it to be over so soon"

"It would have been over earlier if someone didn't take a nap" Her finger jabbed me in the ribs as she joked.

"I meant… I thought there would be more things to train me on?"

"Like what?"

"Like… Like" I shuffled my feet as I tried to think of something to say, "Like… how to act in front of clients? How do I communicate with them?"

I saw the thin lines around her mouth crease as she let out a small chuckle, "Heather, there is nothing else I can teach you now. You've spent the day helpless and unable to talk to me with that gag in, but you know how to communicate without the use of your voice. Many of the clients who come in want companionship and that's all you'll need."

"Oh… okay."

"From what I've seen in the school, you are also athletic enough to act like a horse."

"Why would I need to be athletic if I'm just going to be sociable with clients?"

"I'm not going to give it all up, there are a few things you'll just have to see."

The lady smirked at me, happy to keep a secret and leave me guessing what my future will bring.

"Right, I'm going to get Chloe and ask her to take you home" She squeezed the lead rope in her hands, "Just… think about what I said, don't put too much blame on yourself."

"Beth?" I asked.

"Yeah?"

"Thank you for listening to me today."

"It's no problem."

The light of the outside world crawled into the room as the door opened and slammed shut. Once again, I was left alone to my thoughts. I did have the gag out, but the rest of my body was still bound in the ponygirl form and I had to wait for my friend to come and let me out.

My chest ached when I thought about everything I had told Beth in the hut, and what I should say to Chloe. I wanted to tell her why I came back, why I asked her for help… but I didn't want her to judge me or worse… hate me.

The door opened and the familiar frame of my friend entered. She looked tired after a long day but also pleased to see me, as I caught a glimpse of her smile my heart tore in two and the tears began falling down my face once more. She was so nice to me.

I collapsed into her arms, my limbs around her shoulder and my hooved hands resting at her back, the nice girl held me up.

"It's been a long day for you, hasn't it?" Her voice was almost like an angel's whisper in my ear, "How about we get a takeout and go home and watch a movie… your choice."

I nodded, feeling worse as her shoulder began to get damp from my senseless sobbing.

"Okay, let's get you out of this outfit and back into your human form"

As she said this I felt my tight second skin loosen and my naked form began to show. Despite the talk with Beth earlier, I still felt awful. The choice of whether I should tell my friend why I'm here wrestled in my mind and if I did tell her, how would she react? If she was nice about it, I would most likely feel worse about myself, but would I feel that much better if she hated me?

I'm sure I could trust Beth with my secret, but if I chose not to tell Chloe, I promised myself I would spend the rest of my life making it up to her.
