---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Medieval Enthusiast
authors:
- Zeedrot
tags:
- Sbf
- F-f
- dungeon
- museum
- pillory
- pumpgag
- caught
- toys
- stocks
- scolds-bridle
- mast
- cons
- X
date: 2026-03-21 00:00:00
---

### Part 1

Standing outside a castle in Germany on a warm summer day, Catherine couldn’t wait for the scheduled tour. She stood with a group of maybe fifteen others by the gates though she highly doubted anyone here was excited in the same way she was. Catherine had visited an untold number of European castles and manors over the years to indulge in a particularly peculiar pastime of hers. She came to these places not for the architecture or the history, though often she did find such things fairly interesting. No, she came to these places to satisfy her need for a very specific fantasy. Since as far back as she could remember, Catherine had been enraptured by medieval dungeons and torture devices.

Over time, that morbid fascination intermingled with her sexual awakening as a woman, and she found herself drawn to fantasies of being held prisoner in dark cold castle dungeons and subjected to the most terrible of torments the barbaric past had dreamt up. Of course, these were just fantasies for a long time, but that yearning to gain some inkling of the pain and degradation of those cruel devices of old, compelled her to try some fairly risky endeavors.

When she was 21, she had worked up the courage to finally take the plunge of sorts and make her fantasy as much of a reality as she dared. She stumbled through a half-baked plan to sneak into a castle with a small display on torture devices hoping to lock herself into one of the artifacts. It had been a bumbling effort back then, but she had managed a brief stint sitting on a terribly uncomfortable torture chair in the display before nearly getting caught by a security guard. She had to laugh at how amateurish she had been for that first little excursion.

In the decade since, Catherine had honed her craft and knew how to find places to enjoy her little hobby. Of course, the first thing she had realized was that not all museums/castles were the same. Many simply didn’t have dungeon exhibitions, let alone furnished ones. Still, others had too much security to sneak into. Catherine had learned what to look for and was now quite adept at finding the right places for her fantasies. She sought places that were poorly staffed and funded, that had lax security, and that had displays on dungeons or torture, preferably with original pieces.

Places like where she was now. Looking back at the castle, truth be told it was little more than a small holdfast, she had found pictures on a travel website from a few years earlier that showed there was indeed a dungeon, really just a cramped subterranean room with a bunch of original and reproduction torture furnishings and tools crammed into it. Checking the place’s website, she saw it hadn’t been updated in a decade, and looked as if someone had gotten their nephew to set it up in the first place.

The place was apparently maintained by volunteers with all tour earnings going towards the limited upkeep. There appeared to be no professional staff associated with the site at all, a usually good sign for Catherine. It seemed perfect in fact. Standing before the gates, Catherine was surprised there were this many people though. In fact, they were waiting for another tour group to wrap up. Apparently there had been an unexpected tour bus that decided to stop here. The only volunteer on duty, a young local woman about university age, had to call in a second guide, who turned out to be an ancient German man with a strong Bavarian accent to his English.

At first, Catherine was disappointed to see she was in the group with the elderly man instead of the cute younger woman, but as she struck up a conversation with the man, she realized he was very knowledgeable and seemed eager to answer Catherine’s many questions. She figured it would be easy to turn on the charm and extract a lot of information about the pieces in the dungeon room and about the site’s security. She had already managed to find out that the main door locks had been modernized, but were done with cheap residential locks that the man bemoaned as unsightly. Catherine had learned a great deal about lock picking over the years of her pastime, and was confident that the locks would be little issue. She had also learned the site had no alarm system or surveillance. They appeared to rely on their remote location and a single easily scalable gate to secure the site each night.

Finally, the younger tour guide’s group came out of the small building referred to as a castle. She was a cute brunette with a face that lit up when she smiled. Catherine sighed as her group followed the elderly pensioner as he shuffled into the castle. Surprisingly, he was actually quite engaging and the group, Catherine included, were enthralled by his stories that were often tinged with a surprisingly sardonic humor that was infectious. It made it all the easier to ask a variety of her usual questions when they reached the cramped space that she had really come for.

Catherine salivated at the sights before her. It was a regular cornucopia of devices and items. There were iron cages, two different racks, countless shackles, pokers, tongs, braziers, whips, wooden stocks, thumbscrews, a knee splitter, a Spanish boot, and a breaking wheel.

She learned from the guide that the first president of the local historical group had a personal collection of devices and tools of torture that he had donated to the site. The materials were eclectic and Catherine didn’t need the tour guide to know many were anachronistic to this site, but impressively most were actual pieces. Catherine had far too many options for her after hours play, but eventually one piece drew her attention, a well-worn standing pillory that her elderly tour guide explained had been used at one time in the nearby village. Hearing some stories about its victims of yore, Catherine knew she had to make it the centerpiece of her night. Knowing the humiliations and cruelties inflicted on specific named people always added a certain morose kink to her play. She mused there probably was something wrong with her, but she just didn’t care.

Eventually, the tour ended and the crowd dispersed. Catherine slinked off to a small stand of trees slightly down the road from the castle where she had stashed her tools for the evening. A gym bag with a variety of lockpicking tools, a few period appropriate locks, some rope, and one or two other fun items she had brought along to add to the atmosphere. She waited, hidden in the brush observing as the elderly man departed in a small ancient automobile. With him gone, Catherine presumed the site was all clear, but she waited for nightfall to make her move.

About an hour after the sky had completely darkened, Catherine changed into her familiar all black outfit for her excursions. The bag slung over a shoulder, she slipped up to the front security gate and vaulted over it with ease. She avoided the castle’s main gate. Instead, she had noticed a small side gate with modern locks near what was the rear of the holdfast.

With no security to speak of, Catherine was far more blasé about everything once inside the site, so much so, she jokingly tried the side gate’s handle on a whim. To her surprise it actually was unlocked and simply opened. The security here was truly pathetic, she thought to herself. At this rate, she wouldn’t even need her lockpicks. As she continued, she was met with unsecured door after unsecured door. The number of unlocked doors had been comical at first, but honestly was starting to concern her as she plunged deeper into the castle. Working her way through the site, she quickly found her way to the corridor leading to the little overstuffed dungeon.

Her heart caught in her chest as she neared her objective. There was light coming from inside. Not much, but clearly at least a few candles worth. The door was slightly ajar. At first, Catherine considered running away immediately, but her curiosity won out when she heard soft muffled noises drifting out of the room. She slid up to the cold stone wall next to the agape wooden door. Peaking in the open space between the doorframe and the door, her eye went slightly wide, and she pulled back to the wall.

Her mind was struggling to process the image she had seen. The room was indeed illuminated with candle light and an actual torch. The flickering flames gave the room a primal energy of a time long past, but what she was straining to comprehend was the sight of a single nearly nude, young woman bent over and locked into the very pillory she had coveted on the tour. Looking again, Catherine soon realized it was the same young brunette tour guide from earlier in the day. She was squirming, shifting her weight from one leg to another. Small moans were escaping from a very modern looking panel pump gag. She seemed to be enjoying herself quite a bit though.

Catherine also noted a small metal device hanging just out of reach of the woman’s right hand, likely a release of some kind. Confident the woman was distracted; Catherine slipped into the room unnoticed. She watched for several minutes as the young woman reached a beautiful climax. The sweat and look on the guide’s face told Catherine the orgasm probably wasn’t the first of the night. Using the post orgasm bliss to mask her approach, Catherine chose her moment to step into the pilloried woman’s line of sight.

The younger woman froze briefly before her thrashing resumed, now driven by fear instead of lust. Her wrists jerked back trying uselessly to pull through the gaps in the wooden slates, thick metal cuffs wrapped around her wrists preventing any escape. Without the extra width of the metal, the delicate wrists of the brunette could easily have slipped through the worn holes in the pillory. As it were, they stood no chance. Catherine in an effort to calm the bound woman, dropped down into a squat to get more on eye level with the restrained woman. Catherine raised her own hands as if surrendering. She spoke in an even and reassuring tone, “Hey, hey, I’m not here to hurt you or steal anything.”

The gesture seemed to have some effect, the thrashing and squealing ended, though the woman’s brown eyes were still wide with terror. “Hey, look at me. Do you recognize me from earlier today?” Catherine asked the restrained and frightened woman. The brunette gave her a confused look, and then after a moment a wide-eyed look of recognition. “Right, I was on the other tour earlier today. I promise I did not come here to harm anyone, and I have no interest in stealing anything or even vandalizing any of this magnificent history.”

A face of contorted confusion was the only answer she received. Catherine took a deep breath before continuing, “Look I came here to do more or less what you appear to be doing, specifically in that wonderful piece you are in.” Catherine’s hand glided over the pillory’s worn wood longingly.

“I’ll be honest, I’m a little crestfallen and jealous at the moment,” Catherine admitted, a small playful pout on her lips. “That said, you seem to be having quite a bit of fun, and I won’t interrupt that. I’m hoping we can come to an agreement about tonight seeing as neither of us are probably supposed to be here, wouldn’t you say?” Catherine waited for an acknowledgment that the other woman gave with a small cautious nod.

“Good, so I’m going to ask you a series of questions, and please answer them honestly,” Catherine paused before giving a small disarming smile to the brunette. “First, did you lock yourself into this?” Catherine asked in a soft tone. The other woman averted her gaze and nodded slowly. “Nothing to be ashamed of with me, as I said I would be where you are if you weren’t. Okay. Next, is there anyone else here tonight?”

The brunette turned to Catherine, a small look of shock and a quick incessant head shake indicated it was just the two of them. “Great, we won’t be interrupted then,” Catherine said with a small wink. “Next, is this,” she said pointing to the odd metal cylinder at the end of a small cord just above the tour guide’s right hand, “your release?” A nod admitted it was.

“Good, have you used it before without incident?” Another nod. “Better, but here is the most interesting question of the night. Would you mind if I indulged a bit alongside you?” Before the other woman could agree or disagree, Catherine held up a finger and continued, “Before you decide let me make a few things clear. I won’t be taking advantage of you in any way, and I will not touch you without your permission. In fact, if my plan works, I’ll actually be the one at your mercy in more ways than one.” Catherine smiled internally at the quizzical look on the bound woman’s face. She was certainly befuddled by that last point. She probably couldn’t see how that would happen in their current situation, but Catherine’s mind had been working overtime since realizing the situation out in the corridor.

“So, with that in mind, would you be okay if a fellow medieval device enthusiast joined you in your fun?” The other woman nodded clearly, but with a still slightly disbelieving look on her face. Catherine couldn’t help but think to herself, *Don’t you worry, you’re going to enjoy the show, I am sure.*

Instead, she responded with a simple, “Wonderful!” With that Catherine walked to one of the heavy wooden tables nearby and stripped completely down, a small squeak from her compatriot left no question that she was still surprised by the situation. It probably didn’t help that Catherine purposefully had stripped as seductively as she could, even bending over unnecessarily far just to give the other woman a bit of a show. She neatly folded the clothing and stacked it on the table. “What? I don’t want to be a rude guest,” she friskily told the brunette, who Catherine could swear was smiling behind the panel gag.

Catherine, now tiptoed about the room trying to pick out a replacement for the unavailable pillory. She wanted something that she could easily move. Finally, her eyes fell on something that would work for her plan. A simple set of wooden stocks with two holes for her feet and another pair of smaller holes to hold her hands between. She tested it on her limbs; it was a pretty good fit. She wouldn’t need extra padding like her co-conspirator. Rummaging through her bag she retrieved two keys and two locks. One set was modern; she looped it, unlocked, through a part of the mechanism on the stocks. The other was an older one with a skeleton style key.

Catherine looked up to the other woman. She was intently staring at Catherine fascinated, but also clearly trying to hold back a building orgasm, the faint buzzing of a device coming from her underwear. *Oh, just wait and see how a real enthusiast handles this,* Catherine laughed in her mind. Next, she pulled out her personal scold’s bridle and laid it on the table, the brunette’s eyes widened at this. Catherine approached the other woman squatting again in front of her. “So, here come my final two questions of the night,” she watched the anticipation and worry on the other woman’s face. “I am about to lock myself up in those stocks and the bridle. Would you like to be able to watch me in them?”

A blush grew on the woman’s face; Catherine simply waited for a response. Finally, a small embarrassed nod was given. “Wonderful, now here is the final question,” Catherine relished the anticipation on her companion’s features as she presented the two keys for her locks asking, “May I place these two keys in your left hand?” Another questioning look overtook the pilloried woman. Catherine decided to make the situation explicit. “The way I plan to lock myself up will be impossible to get out of. Normally, I wouldn’t do that obviously, but having you here presents me with a unique opportunity. One that I very much would like to take advantage of, but I would then be asking you to be willing to intercede on my behalf. So, I want your consent to involve you in my game.”

The other woman blinked seemingly considering the situation. Catherine mused she must be reeling after first being discovered and then to have Catherine about to join her in self-bondage. “So, do you agree to let me rope you into my little game?” The brunette looked Catherine dead in the eyes and nodded with, was it excitement? Perhaps. The woman had already opened her restrained left hand, and Catherine deposited her keys into the awaiting palm. Catherine could not believe how perfectly the night was playing out.

Returning to the table, she quickly donned the scold’s bridle locking it on with the antiquated heavy lock. The feeling was oh so familiar and wonderful to Catherine. The humiliating embrace of the device was a dear friend from over her years of adventures. The next part was going to be the hardest part and why she had chosen a modern lock over her favored older designs. She placed three of her limbs in the stocks then aligning the lock just so, she quickly slipped her free hand back into the stock and did her best to slam the nearly shut lock into a thick wooden leg of the table.

She failed on the first two attempts, but by some miracle the third time was truly the charm, a satisfying click came as the lock slammed home. Catherine was proud of the effort. Now she was truly stuck until the tour guide escaped her bonds and chose to release her. Even if the other woman threw her the key, Catherine’s limbs could not reach the closed padlock holding the stocks shut. She was placing a lot of faith in a stranger, but she calculated that the younger woman would reciprocate her mutual respect from earlier.

Knowing her position was likely at the periphery of the woman’s vision, Catherine began the arduous task of scooting across the coarse cold stone floor inch by inch using her heels and butt to ease her way to a position sitting in front of the pillory. A perfect view she thought for both women. Now they could enjoy their mutual enthusiasm for medieval restraints. The tour guide squirmed beautifully in the pillory, the soft hum of her little hidden assistant driving her clearly closer to a lovely little place.

Catherine smiled mischievously as much as she could behind the oppressive bridle. She decided to tug and writhe as sensually as she could for the other woman’s viewing pleasure. She lacked any little hidden helper of her own. That was clearly one difference between the two. In fact, Catherine almost never tried to orgasm while bound. She preferred to simply enjoy the restraints, working herself into an aroused and frenzied but futile state. That way she could enjoy a wonderful climax as a reward when she freed herself, though tonight that would be more reliant on her unnamed accomplice.

Catherine’s struggles seemed to help the brunette along, and soon a loud moan escaped the younger woman’s panel gag. Catherine giggled at the sight. It was way better than watching a video online. In fact, Catherine was treated to the heady moan and shuddering two more times as a series of three orgasms tore through her companion over the next twenty minutes. Shortly after the third of these climaxes, the bottom of the small metal cylinder dangling next to the pilloried woman opened and a key with a string dropped down.

The brunette deftly reeled in the key, and with surprising dexterity unlocked the metal shackled on her wrist. Without the extra width, the tour guide’s wrist slipped through the worn hole of the pillory easily. In short order the woman freed herself from her confines and shut off the buzzing emanating from between her legs. To Catherine’s surprise the woman didn’t rush straight to her, and she was grateful to get to enjoy her bondage a bit longer.

Instead, the other woman walked over and donned her own outfit. Once dressed the tour guide strode over to where Catherine lay now on her back playfully pulling at the stocks with her hands and feet flailing about uselessly in the air. The woman stared down at Catherine’s entrapped head, and spoke with a small, kind smile, “I’m Lia, and thank you for a surprisingly fun evening.” Lia squatted next to Catherine’s head. “You asked me some questions when this started, so I am thinking I should ask you some questions little bondage burglar,” A playful smile taking away any negative connotation to the words. Catherine did her best in the bridle to nod awkwardly.

“Gut, so you enjoy being restrained?” Lia asked.

Catherine nodded thinking, *well, duh*.

“But you don’t use any toys to get off, so I am thinking this is not an equal night of fun. So, what do you think if I touch you to let you enjoy this more?” Catherine’s heart raced. She wanted to say yes, but it wasn’t clear what the woman wanted to do. Catherine loved to be restrained, and even enjoyed the aches and dull pains that came from it, but she had long ago learned she did not enjoy pain inflicted through torture. A couple of partners who enjoyed tying up Catherine, had tried some light playful torture, and Catherine unequivocally did not enjoy that. This woman had no way to know that, and Catherine had no way to communicate the complicated subtlety that she was into bondage, but not S&M. Still, this was a rare opportunity, and the baser part of her mind won out. A nod came, and Catherine braced herself for something either delightful or horribly unwanted.

She quickly found that she should not have been concerned. With tenderness, one of Lia’s hands began to caress and play with Catherine’s womanhood. The touch was gentle and caring, which mixed with her bondage, made for an intoxicating combination. Lia’s gaze was soft and reassuring, her other hand reached down and caressed Catherine’s auburn hair for a moment.

Catherine’s eyes shut tight, her hands clenched, her toes curled, and her body silently shuddered in ecstasy. In her post orgasmic glow, Catherine didn’t even notice that Lia was now standing over her again. After a couple minutes of recovery, Catherine looked up to see a startling mischievous look on Lia’s face. “Was that gut?” she asked. Catherine nodded without hesitation. It had been perfect in her mind. Still, something in Lia’s gaze gave Catherine an unsettling feeling. The reality that she was completely at this woman’s mercy and had put herself into this position willingly had set in. “I am thinking you did not get to enjoy this place as you wished, and as a tour guide, I would be remiss if I did not make sure you were truly satisfied,” the tone was sweet, but Catherine could not help looking at Lia with suspicion. “So, I am thinking you could spend some more time here, would you like that?”

Catherine didn’t even realize at first, that she was nodding. Lia’s mouth turned into an enthusiastic grin, “Well, then, what do you say to remaining here all night until I return to open in the morning?”

Catherine instantly felt conflicted. The idea was thrilling in the extreme. She had never spent so long in bondage, much less in a dungeon. Could she trust this woman though, and what if someone else showed up before Lia returned? Seeing the trepidation in Catherine’s face, Lia soothingly explained, “I am the only volunteer scheduled tomorrow. I will lock all the doors and gates, and I will come straight here in the morning.” Lia gave Catherine a moment to think before asking again, “So, yes, or no?”

Catherine had plenty of practical worries in her mind, but how could she pass the offer up? She would be able to live out her prisoner fantasies in a way she never thought possible. With some nervousness, she nodded. Lia’s eyes ignited with exhilaration, “Great! Do you need me to adjust anything on you?” Catherine shook her head. The restraints would likely be quite unpleasant by morning, but that was the sort of pain she could and did enjoy.

“Very well, I will clean up a bit and then leave you to your confinement,” Lia added a special emphasis on confinement that made Catherine’s lower areas heat in arousal, and she lay playfully tugging at her stocks as Lia set about the room. Lia dropped both of the keys Catherine had entrusted to her earlier into her own small bag. Then she grabbed Catherine’s neatly folded clothes from the table and placed them back into Catherine’s bag. *That was odd*, Catherine thought.

Lia set both bags in the corridor, and noticed the confused look on the restrained Catherine’s face. “I am taking your things with me, after all you might have a spare set of keys or something in there that you might be able to retrieve and free yourself with, and we would be a poor dungeon if we allowed a prisoner to escape, wouldn’t we?” The look on Lia’s face was stoic and the tone sounded more a matter of fact than playful tease. Catherine for her part gave a stunned nod of the head. It was wildly arousing to think that she would be bound here in a dungeon, the doors locked, with not even a set of clothes to wear.

Lia’s next action brought another shocked look to Catherine’s face, as she watched Lia use a candle snuffer to extinguish the candles lighting the room. A single torch now illuminated the space. It gave a truly menacing medieval glow to the room. Lia pulled the torch free from the wall and walked over to Catherine. “I am going to leave you in complete darkness. We don’t want to risk a fire, do we?” Catherine slowly nodded in agreement, a fear and an exhilaration swelling at this most recent development. Again, in her monotone and detached tone Lia added, “Besides, a prisoner like you doesn’t need to see, do they?” This time Catherine didn’t hesitate, she nodded fervently. The prospect of being in complete darkness was terrifying and oh so delicious to her kinky mind. She would truly be able to drop into one of her fantasies of being a medieval prisoner with no distractions. “Thought so,” Lia said, with the slightest sneer to her words.

Without another word Lia strode out into the corridor taking the torch with her. With a loud slam, the door to the dungeon closed and Catherine heard the clearly audible click as the door was locked. The room now nearly shrouded in darkness. Catherine was amazed by just how dark it was now. The only light making it into the room was a small flicker of the torch under the door. Catherine listened as footsteps could be heard on the stone fading down the corridor, and as they did, the small sliver of torch light from under the door slipped away, until she was truly in complete darkness. The reality of the moment washed away as Catherine’s mind drifted to the first of her fantasies. It would be a long, agonizing, and lovely night she smiled to herself.
