---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: It all went well
authors:
- Jenny
tags:
- MF-f
- wrap
- bandages
- cocoon
- toys
- insert
- intubate
- sarcophagus
- entombed
- sealed
- machine
- stuck
- cons-nc
- XX
date: 2002-05-22 00:00:00
---

I now knew my way around the airport, at the other side of the customs
barrier was Dawn, Toran's personal driver who he had sent to pick me up,
she asked about my trip and lead me to the car and we were soon speeding
out of the airport complex heading towards Toran's ranch.

At the Ranch I was greeted by Toran he swept me off my feet, it felt
good being picked up and held to his powerful arms and almost smothered
by a long lingering kiss, soon we were settled in the main house eating
a light snack. Toran asked me to come and see his latest mummy project
he had built in one of his outbuildings. We finished the drinks and made
our way out to the out-building, this was his pride and jo,y he'd had workmen
working round the clock to finish the project before I arrived, we had
discussed what was needed on my last trip. Toran had met me over the net
and our affair had blossomed from there. He was a fairly wealthy man and
enjoyed helping my fantasy's come to life, he really had taken to my love
of mummification and promised me this time would be the best ever.

We entered the building it had all been done out in an Egyptian theme
it looked fantastic, he had done away with the first Sarcophagus and had
replaced it with a new one built out of South American Teak. It was fantastic
it had carvings all over it depicting Egyptian life; the lid was extremely
heavy and was lifted electrically by a hoist. The body board which was
also carved out of teak, which I was to be bound to was made from a
mould of my body taken on my last visit. "When can I try it?" I asked eagerly,
Toran replied, "In the morning after a night of lovemaking."

The follow morning Toran was first up, by the time I wandered down breakfast
was being prepared; as soon as the meal was finished we went out to the
building that contained our Egyptian scene. I was only dressed in shorts
and top as I knew they would soon be removed, we entered the building and
were followed in by Dawn, she was a very well built and well-proportioned
woman. Toran explained she was here to prepare me as he had sent her on
a course since my last visit to learn the correct ways of binding and preparing
a mummy and all the preparation that goes with it.

Toran explained the new sarcophagus was his design, once I was placed
inside the sarcophagus a mask very similar to the mask worn by Tutankhamun
would be placed over my mummified head and as it was pressed down a seal
would be made with a built-in section in the lower sarcophagus sealing
around the neck with a second seal made from the finest silicon rubber,
this would seal in my head from the outside world and lock firmly into
position. Air would then be fed in from a special respirator type ventilator
that would take over my breathing and regulate the rate of breathing to
the ideal for my condition. The complete inside temperature would be thermostatically
controlled and taken to the temperature found in a sarcophagus in the great
pyramid. And once the heavy lid was lowered into position twelve crystal
bolts would be inserted through holes in the lid and locking it in position
against an airtight silicon seal.

The walls of the Sarcophagus were eight-inch thick with a lead inner
lining built-in so no moisture could enter. And as a final line of defence
should anyone try to get into the sarcophagus the crystal bolts had to
be taken out in a special sequence or small charges built into the sides
would be set off fetching an auto locking device that made removal of the
lid impossible so I can rest assured no one would interfere with me.

Toran had thought of everything I could see no problems at all, we decided
to start right away. First Dawn came in dressed as an Egyptian hand-maiden,
her clothes were almost transparent showing off her well endowed body,
she undressed me then washed my body in holy waters that had been transported
that day from Egypt. I was then massaged with special perfumed oils it
was almost hypnotizing, the scent of the oils and soft music playing in
the background from unseen speakers. I was fed several tablets and given
a drink of Nile water laced with a mild anaesthetic solution, the tablets
were to slow down my metabolism, and the drink was to calm me and to forestall
any panic attacks. I was really enjoying what was happening to me as I
had complete trust in Toran and knew he would not do anything to hurt me
and had gone to phenomenal expense to help me achieve my fantasy.

Dawn now led me to the trestles holding the teak body board, I was laid
out on the board it was so relaxing the board fitted every crevice of my
body, several Amulets imported from Egypt to protect the mummy were to
be bound within the binding, they were a sort of good luck charm used in
those far off days. Dawn now started at my feet binding with real Egyptian
bandage also imported specially for this job, special pads were placed
between my feet and legs to stop the skin touching as the bindings crept
up my body. On reaching the top of my legs an ivory amulet, well greased
was slipped into my vagina, a small push rod pushed it just that bit further
into me allowing my lips to close and be sealed with soft adhesive tape.

The bindings carried on up the body, a gold life sign amulet was placed
on my stomach and a second pressed under my left breast as a guardian of
the heart, Pads were placed against my body so the arms did not touch the
body then bound in place. Dawn had reached my neck, which she bound firmly
but not tightly to the board below, now I was basically immobilised but
completely relaxed, I suppose mainly due to the anaesthetic drink. Now Dawn
picked up a half inch diameter tube about fifteen inches long, this was fed down my left nostril through the nasal cavity,
then gently fed down the pharynx through the larynx (or voice box) till
it reaches the junction in the bronchi were it divides off into each lung,
A second tube entered my right nostril and followed the same path stopping
at the same point.

I gagged a couple of times during this procedure but due to Dawn's gentle
methods and calming voice both tubes were soon in place. Now she picked
up half of a disk it was made from a mould of the inside of my mouth on
my last visit, this was slipped in my mouth and under my tongue, she told
me to hold my tongue still as she now slipped in the top half into my open
mouth, in this section were four dull points that rested on the tongue
and down the centre from front to back was a round passage way, She closed
my mouth the dull points pressed firmly into the soft flesh of my tongue
holding it firmly in place, so there was no fear of me chocking on my tongue.

My eyes were opened and packed with Vaseline, the idea of the Vaseline was
to dull the feeling of eye movement then two pads were placed over the
eyes. The ears were now treated the same to help blank out sound. A tube
similar to a snorkel mouthpiece was placed between my lips; Dawn now bandaged
the complete head. Several more layers of bandages were applied to the
complete body so all that showed was the two tubes from the nostrils and
just showing the top of the mouth piece, it was a bit heavy going breathing
as with the progressive layers of bandage had constricted my breathing.

She looked over to Toran who was watching and over seeing the mummification
take place. "She is ready now to be interned."

Toran nodded, the electric
hoist was connected to the body board and it was hoisted silently upwards
then lowered into the sarcophagus. Jenny was struggling to breathe as the
tablets were beginning to slow down her metabolism; also the effect of
the anaesthetised drink was wearing off. Once the body board with Jenny
was lowered into position inside the sarcophagus, Dawn picked up the gold
death mask and drew three tubes from within the mask these were connected
to the two tubes from her nostrils and the third was plugged into the mouthpiece.
Now Jenny was having to draw breath down long tubes breathing was now even
more difficult, her heart rate was beginning to climb it looked as if she
was about to make the supreme sacrifice.

Dawn now pressed the death mask down into position over the bandaged
head, there was a distinct click as it locked firmly into position sealing
Jenny's head completely. Jenny was faintly aware of the mask locking into
position, breathing was now all most impossible, in her mind she knew it
would only be minutes till she could breath no more. Now the mask was in
position Toran switched on the respirator hidden in another part of the
building, instantly Jenny's breathing was being done for her, relief swept over her, the breathing being computer controlled realized
she was short of air and speeded up the breathing cycle till her she steadied
and all her vital sign's returned to normal. Then the process of slowing
her down started, Jenny was aware a machine was breathing for her and noticed
it was slowing down bit by bit but now all the panic had gone it was now
all relaxed and peaceful after the panic of the past few minutes the machine
had now taken over her breathing.

Now the lid to the sarcophagus was lowered into position pressing firmly
on the seal in effect making a perfect air tight seal, the twelve securing
crystal bolts were pressed into position one at a time around the top of
the lid, there was a click as the locking sequence activated, now the air
pressure was lowered inside causing the lid to be lowered pressing harder
on the seal causing a second set of electronic locks to activate, securing
the lid against any attempt by any one to break in. Jenny was now drifting
in and out of sleep and had all ready lost all account of time sealed in
her dream world. Dawn now set every thing in motion for the evening, Toran
decided to call it a night and departed for the ranch. Jenny was now alone
except for Dawn.

Now with Toran's departure Dawn walked over to the Sarcophagus eyeing
it jealously, Jenny was coming between her and Toran, she reached out gripping
one of the Crystal bolts and gave it a twist, instantly a safety procedure
came into effect the computer thought someone was trying to break in and
instigated emergency lock down procedure to protect its precious content,
sealing from the inside the charge was set off causing hardened pins to
blast into the teak, in effect nailing the lid to the box below from the
inside, then as an after thought as Dawn decided to leave she switched off
the respirator muttering under her breath, "Well bitch you will soon be
a real mummy!" and left locking the building behind her.

Jenny's breathing instantly stopped as the machine was switched off
she was jolted back to the real world, she was sucking against a dead end,
no air was available suffocation was now immanent. The situation was now
critical as her heart rate climbed; perspiration instantly appeared on
her bandaged body as she fought for non-existent air, the supreme sacrifice
was almost upon her. But what Dawn had not done was to switch off the computer
that watched over Jenny, this now realized its charge was in mortal danger
and was suffocating. Instantly going into emergency mode setting into effect
a by-pass procedure, lights flashed on the consul, the hard drive was now
running at maximum to by-pass the switch and restart the Respirator. It
took only about one minute and the respirator kicked into life pumping
in cool refreshing air to the stricken being trapped inside, then cooling
her body and again slowing down her metabolism and generally calming her
down allowing her to drift off into a undisturbed sleep once more.

Next morning Toran entered the building and despaired at what he saw,
a red emergency light was flashing warning, an attempted illegal shut down
of the respirator had been attempted last night and the computer had taken
action to protect its charge. Toran jumped up on the sarcophagus to start
removing the crystal bolts but instantly saw one had been tampered with
causing the internal lock down to be activated. Toran attached the hook
on the winch and attempted to rip off the lid by activating the winch, after
a lot of groaning the sparks flew from the overloaded motor and all went
quiet. Toran picked up his mobile and phoned the designer of the set up.
"Hi Rob, its Toran here we have a major problem get your arse over here
now!"

Within twenty minutes Rob's helicopter clattered down just outside
the Building, Rob jumped out and raced into the building and straight over
to the computer ignoring Toran's frantic ramblings, after about five hours
of frantic programming a hiss was heard from the Sarcophagus. As the electric
hoist was now burnt out, the two men lifted the lid throwing it to one
side, Jenny's mummified body was man handled by the two men out and down
on to the trestles below. Soon all the dressings were cut off exposing
Jenny's naked body, as the eye pads were removed she came round smiled and
commented, "Well that seemed to go without a hitch didn't it!"

At that moment the wail of a police siren could be heard approaching,
the car drew up outside, Toran left Jenny who was getting dressed and Rob
who was still playing with the computer. Outside the local police chief,
a personal friend of Toran's was helping Dawn out of the car, as she stood
to face Toran he noticed she was handcuffed. Toran had asked the chief
to find and fetch her back; the chief gave Toran the keys to the cuffs,
smiled and said, "Have fun friend and any time I can help just ask."

Then
he got in the car and departed, Toran led Dawn into the outbuilding undoing
the cuffs and ordered her to strip, within a few minutes she stood nude
quivering in fear as to what was going to happen next. Rob had filled Jenny
in on what Dawn had done to her and now Dawn was returned to face the music.

Toran ordered her to lie on the body board, Jenny knew what to do next,
she prepared Dawn for mummification then wrapped her in the bandages that
held her a few minutes ago, the same tubes were inserted into her body.
Dawn was now lifted into the sarcophagus. Next the death mask was fitted
sealing in her head Jenny commented, "I like that name Death mask I think
it is appropriate this time!" The heavy teak lid was placed in position
new crystal bolts were fitted there was a hiss as the lid locked down the
computer now took over all Dawn's vitals.

Toran looked up at Jenny and asked her how long Dawn will be left imprisoned,
Jenny smiled picking up a short metal rod then smashed off one of the crystal
bolts initiating the emergency lock down procedure, Jenny grinned, "I think she may become a feature around here for some time to come."

.
