---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiesad/debbie.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Debbie's Desire
authors:
- RS Sherwood
tags:
- Sbf
- latex
- cons
- X
---

Debbies Desire by R.S. Sherwood

Debbie always desired the taste and the feel of latex. Debbie and her 
spouse David got into the latex scene in the mid 80's. The two of them
always enjoyed their latex sessions that they had when David was not traveling
away on his job. Between the two of them they only had one daughter named
Bonnie. Whenever they were having a session they had to do it late at night
or when Bonnie was staying over night at a friend's house. Debbie always
is turned on more by the feeling of latex than what David was.

Whenever David spent time away from Debbie as a consultant he would
always try to bring her something back from his trip that was made out
of latex. So over the years Debbie acquired quite a selection of latex
clothing and bondage equipment. She has dresses, catsuits, gloves, hoods
you name it she has it. Debbie always had the desire to satisfy herself
while David was away.

Now that Bonnie was older and away at college Debbie had the house to
herself. So Debbie had this desire one time to dress herself up totally
in latex. David was going to be away for a week so she had a lot of time
to herself.

So this one day she was feeling so horny that she wanted to be into
latex. Debbie goes to her closet and gets out a catsuit with feet a long
pair of gloves and her favorite hood. She then goes over to her dresser
and got out a pair of latex underwear with a built in dildo and butt plug.

Next she pull's out her bondage equipment. A pair of wrist cuffs, ankle
restraints, thigh restraints and a 5 inch neck collar. She lays all this
equipment out on the bed and just can not wait to get into it. Debbie starts
to sprinkle powder over her body so she can slip into the latex out easier.
After rubbing the powder all over she takes the latex underwear with the
dildo and butt plug and lubes them up with k-y jelly and inserts them into
the proper places . Once Debbie gets the underwear on she now starts to
step into the catsuit. Debbie takes her time pulling the catsuit on making
sure there are no wrinkles in it. After she gets her arms into the suit
she reaches behind and zips up the back. Debbie is now enclosed in the
catsuit. Now she takes the gloves and slides them on making sure that they
are not wrinkled.

Debbie always liked how she looked in the smooth latex. Once these are
on she now started to strap on the wrist restraints and one of the ankle
restraints. ( The ankle restraints are locked together) and the thigh restraints.
(These are locked together also). Just thinking about what she is going
to get herself into is starting to make her juices flow. Plus the feeling
of both plugs being in.

Debbie now climbs up on to the bed kneeling, straps the other ankle
restraint onto her other ankle. Both ankles are now locked together. Now
Debbie starts to put one of her favorite hoods on. This is a full hood
with an inflatable gag and also with nose tubes and no eye holes. Once
she carefully installs the nose tubes she pulls the rest of the hood over
her head and zips the back up. Debbie is now totally enclosed in latex
and feeling like she is in heaven. Reaching around the bed she now finds
the 5 inch collar and puts this on. It has a big roller buckle on it so
she can pull it tight. This makes her head very ridged and can not move
it much once this is on.

Debbie now has all of her latex and bondage equipment on that she got
out and laid on the bed. Debbie takes her right hand and starts rubbing
her crotch and with the left she inflates the gag with the pump .As the
gag fills her mouth she is coming to a climax from the way she is feeling
with all of the latex on. Her body is now starting to become hot and also
wringing with sweat. After Debbie climaxes she unlocks the valve and deflates
the gag and then locks the valve shut again.. she now is so anxious Debbie
takes kneels on the bed and snaps the double snap from her ankles to her
thigh restraints. This pulls her legs up against her thighs.

Now taking the snaps on the wrist restraints she takes and snaps both
wrists behind her back to her ankles. As she falls forward on the bed she
now was in a position of laying on her stomach with both ankles fastened
to her thigh and both arms behind her back to her ankles. Basically in
a hog tied position. Debbie used the snap fasteners because she could undo
these with her fingers while being in this position. David would always
put Debbie into this position thinking that Debbie would not be able to
get out of it using the snaps. After David found out that Debbie could
get out of the snaps he started using locks. That always held her!

So now Debbie being alone had all the time to enjoy this position. So
what she would do is start rocking back and forth on the bed driving the
dildo in and out of herself putting herself into a frenzy. Well the one
time that this happened the gag was being inflated while she was rocking
back and forth not thinking about it until it was too late. The gag was
inflated so much that Debbie could not say anything and could feel her
breathing beginning to be restricted. So now Debbie was beginning to panic,
and at that same instance the doorbell rang. All Debbie thought about was
being caught by David. Well low & behold it was Bonnie, their daughter
coming to visit from collage. The bell rang again and Debbie was trying
to get out of her situation but could not. Next she heard a voice yell
mom are you home. Debbie had forgotten to lock the front door and Bonnie
had walked in because her moms car was out front.

Thinking something was wrong Bonnie starts to walk through the house
looking for her mom. Room to room Bonnie goes searching for her mom. Debbie
now could hear Bonnie foot steps coming down the hall to Debbie's bedroom.
Debbie still in her situation, knows she is going to get caught by her
daughter. In walks Bonnie into the bedroom and she just can not believe
what she is seeing. Someone laying in a hog tied position with all covered
in black latex. Bonnie immediately says mom is that you. All Debbie can
do is just move frantically because of the gag being over inflated. Bonnie
starts to undo the snaps on her moms wrist and ankles. Once these are all
unsnapped Debbie reaches up and deflates the gag and feels for the edge
of the bed and then swings her leg's over the side and stands up. Bonnie
starts to take collar off and once that's off she then unzips the hood
Debbie has on. When Bonnie helps take the hood off she can not believe
her eyes. This is her mom she is seeing in the latex and being bound like
she was.

So now Debbie must tell Bonnie about her fetish with latex. So the both
of them sit down on the bed and Debbie proceeds to Bonnie about how she
got into the latex scene. Bonnie is sitting and listening so intensely
to her mom talk about her latex fetish that Debbie is thinking that my
daughter is thinking that I am a freak. Well Bonnie stops her mom from
talking and asks.
"Mom what's it like to wear latex?"
Debbie asks if she would like to try some on? Bonnie says sure what
do you have that I can wear?
Debbie can not believe what she is hearing from her 22 year old daughter.
Now Debbie takes Bonnie over to her closet and tell her to pick some thing
out and she would help her put it on. Being the same size as her mom Bonnie
picks out a low cut dress with sleeves. So Debbie helps Bonnie in to the
dress and she can not believe how this feels on herself.
Now Debbie tells Bonnie "see what I mean about the feeling of latex?"
So now to this date Bonnie is hooked on latex .

===================
**Bonnies First Time**
**by R. SHERWOOD**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Since Bonnie got introduced to latex by her mom from the previous story
she could not stop thinking about how it felt on her and the smell of it.
When Bonnie left her moms house to go back to college her mom gave her
one of her latex dresses. Debbie also told Bonnie where she first found
out where to find the magazines to order the latex clothing from.

Most of the places Debbie started out were adult book stores that carried
these magazines. So now Bonnies back and settled in at college start's
to look for the adult book stores in the city she is in. This was about
to be a new experience for Bonnie. She had never been in an adult book
store before. Well one night she had a store picked out to go to so one
of her girlfriends and her got up the courage after having a few drinks
each.

Once in the went directly to the counter and asked if they carried any
magazines about latex. Well there was a girl working behind the counter
so this made it a lot easier to talk about. She told Bonnie where they
were at, so over the two of them went and started to browse through them.
Bonnie was surprised at what she was looking at. There were magazines that
showed people in latex and also in bondage. Bonnie was starting to be interested
in the ones of where they showed women in latex and bondage, wondering
what it would be like to be in the same situation.

Her girlfriend could tell that Bonnie was getting really turned one
by this and started kidding her about it. So Bonnie picked out a couple
of magazines to buy that had a lot of companies to buy from and went back
to the dorms. Over the next few days Bonnie sent out a lot of letters to
different companies to get there catalogs to order latex from. Over the
next few months she worked all the hours she could while not in classes
at college to save up some money to buy her latex clothing. When the magazines
came back Bonnie started buying dresses, tops and pants made out of latex.
Bonnie acquired quite a selection of dresses and tops with the money she
had saved.

One night some of her girlfriends called her up wanting to go out that
night to a local club. She accepted and thought that this would be a perfect
time to wear some of her latex. With the body that Bonnie had any latex
she wore accentuated her curves that her body showed. That night Bonnie
noticed she was the center of attention with all the guys within the club.
As the night grew on she had one guy approach her and tell her how nice
she looked in latex and what she must be feeling. Bonnie asked do you know
how latex feels. Dan replied that he had been into latex for quite a while.
This is all it took for Bonnie to start a conversation with Dan.

The two shared memories of their younger years and the experiences they
had while growing up. They told each other about the feelings they had
about latex and being tied up when they were younger. As the night grew
on they both made a date to meet next week. Bonnie just could not wait
for this night to come. Dan had asked her to wear something out of latex
and he would pick her up at seven. He had told her that he had a night
planned that she would never forget. The night finally arrived and she
had decided to a pair of black latex pants that zipped up the back that
hugged her like a second skin. The top she had on was a v-neck long sleeve
that fit also like a glove. Bonnie liked the tight feeling that the latex
gave her. She now picked out a 4 inch set of platform shoes followed by
a long trench coat.

Dan finally arrived and could not believe what he was seeing when Bonnie
opened the door. Dan immediately told Bonnie how she looked standing there
gleaming under the light that highlighted the latex. Bonnie then asked
Dan where they were going to go that night. He replied that he had to make
one stop at his place first, at which she did not mind doing before they
continued on for the night. Bonnie did not really know how much Dan was
into latex.

When they finally arrived at his place, Dan asked Bonnie if she wanted
to come in and see his collection of latex. Bonnie just could not wait
to see what Dan had. So in the two of them went.
As a gentleman he was (uh)! He opened the front door for her and lets
her go in first. Dan followed right behind her and locked the door behind
them as they went in. The lights were off in the room except for over in
the corner there was an over head light lit. Once in he turned up the lights
a little. Bonnie could not believe her eyes at what she was seeing. Over
in the corner were all different types of latex articles, some she had
never seen before but was soon to find out what they were!

Dan had set this all up from talking to her the week before because
he knew they had a lot in common when it comes to latex. He then told her
that she was going to be his slave for the night. Immediately she thought
back to her younger years and had visions going through her head. Bonnie
just could not wait for what was going to happen tonight! Dan took off
her coat and immediately puts her arms behind her back and then puts wrist
restraints on her. He then bent down put ankle restraints on her and now
Dan was in total control. Just what the two of them wanted! Bonnie now
could feel a wetness coming in her pants from how she was bound. Dan then
took a couple of steps back and took a look at her.

He then told her how he was going to be the master and she was going
to be the slave. She acknowledged that this was ok to her. As Bonnie was
continually becoming excited and was constantly talking. Dan told Bonnie
to be quite! Bonnie would not stop talking so Dan got a ball gag with a
head harness and started to put it on her. She said what is that! Dan then
puts the ball into her mouth and tightened the straps up on her head. Now
all she could do is just muffle a sound out.

She now was getting wetter and wetter in her pants. Dan then proceeded
to put a hobble skirt on Bonnie. Slowly zipping it up Bonnie could feel
a tightness starting to surround her legs and waist. Once on Dan had then
taken off the ankle restraints he put on. He then told her to walk over
to the full length mirror in the corner and look at how she looks now.

Bonnie found that walking was really restricted in the hobble skirt,
but she liked the feeling. Dan now went over to a table where he had most
of the articles laid out and picked up a armbinder. He then came back over
to Bonnie which was looking confused at what Dan had picked up. Dan told
Bonnie to turn around, thus putting her back to the mirror. He proceeded
to take the wrist restraints off and put the armbinder on her. As Dan laced
up the armbinder Bonnie could feel her arms becoming pulled together tighter
and tighter. Dan told her to nod her head if at anytime she felt uncomfortably.
If she understood this to make a sound. She did as she was told to. Now
that Dan had finished putting on the armbinder he had her turn around and
take a look into the mirror. Bonnies eyes got real big because she could
not believe how she looked in the skirt and armbinder.

By now her crotch was just dripping wet with joy of being bound by the
way she was and Dan being in total control. Dan now walked back over to
the table and picked up a couple of different hoods. One was a pull on
with an open face and the other was a full lace up hood with nose tubes
and an inflatable gag. (Bonnie thought about this one because of her mom)
Dan held them up one in each hand and asked Bonnie which one she wanted.
Bonnie started to talk but only could muffle a sound. Dan then took the
ball gag out and when he did she gasped for air. Her heart was starting
to pound harder because of how she was feeling and the knowing of that
Dan was going to put one of those hoods on her. She had always fantasized
of being totally enclosed in latex since finding her mom like this and
now knowing that it was about to come true to her made her heart just pound.

Once the ball gag was out Bonnie asked Dan what was that piece of latex
that over in the corner was? It had a spreader bar and a pulley system
attached to it, to hoist it up in the air. This was all set up under the
light that was in the corner when she walked into the room. Dan replied
that it was a body bag and you are going to be put into it. Bonnie was
just feeling ecstatic about being put into the body bag. She was about
to experience the feeling of being totally enclosed in latex. Bonnie immediately
told Dan that she wanted the full lace up hood put on. Dan wanted to make
sure she understood how these hoods worked. Bonnie told him that she had
heard about them and seen one that her mom had but never had one on. Dan
made sure that if she wanted to stop at anytime that she shakes her head
back and forth, and if when he asked if everything was ok just nod her
head. Bonnie said that she understood him fully and trusted him with her
life.

He now started to insert ear plugs into her ears to block out the sound
to heighten her natural senses. Once both ear plugs were in, he started
to put the on the hood. First he put the gag in her mouth and then inserted
the nose tubes in her nose making sure they felt ok.. She nodded her head.
Dan then pulled the rest of the hood over her head and started to lace
it up. Bonnie now had all the light blocked out of her sight and found
that her senses were beginning to heighten as the hood was being laced
up. All the time while he was lacing the hood up he kept asking her if
everything was ok. Bonnie just kept nodding her head. She now could begin
to feel herself sweat from the excitement and of being bound in latex.

Once the hood was all laced up he helped her hobble over to the corner
where the body bag was. Once there he asked her to pick up her right foot
which he then pulled part of the bag under her then she raised the left
foot up pulling the rest of the bag under her. He now pulled the rest of
the bag up around her shoulders and zipped it up to her neck. Now he began
to tighten the six straps that went from around her ankles to around her
shoulders. All the time he kept asking her if everything was ok. She still
just kept nodding her head.

The last piece he had to put on her was a neck collar. This kept her
head ridged.(At first Bonnie could not believe what was happening because
of how she found her mom with a collar on) Still asking her if she was
ok. and still nodding away. (Actually Liking it) By now it was getting
a little harder to nod because of the neck collar. Bonnie now was starting
to feel all of her senses by being totally enclosed in latex. Now Dan began
to pull on the ropes which began to raise Bonnie off the floor. Finally
when she was about two feet of the floor he stopped and tied the rope off
so she would just be hanging there in the body bag.

Bonnie was now starting to feel like she was going to climax. As she
began to squirm and shake within the bag her rhythm began to increase Dan
took and inflated the gag four or five pumps and this made her squirm more.
Dan knew what was going on in her mind and that she was beginning to come
to a climax and what a feeling she was experiencing. As Bonnies body began
to shake ,twist and move frantically within her enclosed confines this
continued on for minutes and what was happening was she was coming to a
climax. Bonnie all of a sudden just stopped twisting and turning within
the bag her body now was perfectly still within the bag which was just
swing back and forth in a slow motion. Dan deflated the gag and asked Bonnie
if she was ok. Bonnie just nodded slowly.

Bonnies body was now just wringing wet with sweat and her lovely juices
flowing made her feel so relaxed. Dan now began to lower her down to the
floor and once on it she could hardly stand because of being so drained.
Dan helped steady Bonnie and began to take her binds off of her that he
had put on. Slowly one piece at a time they came off. Once that they were
all off Bonnie started to hug and embrace Dan because she knew that they
were made for each other. This was just one of the many memories that Bonnie
and Dan were going to have in the many years to come.
