---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/ponygirl/storiesad/art_and_pets3.html
title: Art and Pets
authors:
- Rotaugur
tags:
- F-f
- M-f
- piercing
- gag
- petgirl
- collar
- leash
- costume
- latex
- cons
- XX
date: 2026-05-30 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 3

Sitting in a parking lot not far from the entrance of the office of “Art and Pets” Kathrine took a deep breath and tried to calm down for what was about to happen.

Meredith had already left the car, and was waiting for her on the outside. She was wearing a simple white dress, shoes and her fox ears, and was trying to coax her out.

“Come, kitten. You don't have to worry. Even if you are nervous, we already have the ok from Frank, and you don't need to hide it. It will just make the situation better. If you can't take it anymore, just hide behind my back, and I'll protect you. And don't forget, as long as you wear that collar, you are my responsibility. What do you say, ready to come out?”

“I, I know, I just worry, and I want to, but then I think about other people seeing me and thinking that I'm weird, and I think I'm rambling again..”

"Yes, you are. Now, make sure your ears are sitting right, take your bag and the equipment and come out. I have seen your reaction so far, and once I hold your leash, you will be calmer.”

“You really think so?”

“Yes, now, stop stalling, or I will have to become creative in thinking of a punishment for you.”

“Eep! I’m good.”

With hasty movements, not knowing exactly what the mischievous foxgirl would think of next, Kathrine left the car, and before she even had the chance to look at the doors, Meredith had already her leash in her hand.

Meredith was right. Once she held her leash, Kat felt calmer.

Checking her bag and the bag with the camera, she did not even need to worry about where to go, as the gentle tugging on her leash indicated her where to go.

Foxy meanwhile observed the change in behavior, and could not help but notice just how much Kat already trusted her unconsciously. Wondering where that could lead, she promised herself to treat her kitten well.

Arriving at the door, Foxy warned Kathrine that no matter what she said, she should not worry. Kat, just fidgeted with her hand while looking down, and nodded.

Meredith, seeing that had to suppress a small smile, before morphing her face into an angry scowl and hammered furiously at the door instead, making Kat jump with her sudden acting.

Shouting loudly to announce herself, Foxy laid it on thick.

“July! Open the damn door already! What do you think you were doing yesterday? Open damned! I want to see you in the eyes, when I'm giving you the reaming you deserve!”

Hearing quick steps behind the door, Foxy planned to really start, when a confused July opened it.

“Foxy? But …”

“There you are! What were you thinking! Why the hell would you send someone like that to one of my shoots? Were you high on something or why did you think sending a freshling without any form of explanation to me. Me, you know exactly what my scenes entail, and you send a greenhorn?”

“What? But I just, why are you even…?”

“Stopp stuttering and let us in already. Do you even care, just how awkward it is to have to explain all the shit I like to do to someone, who is not only as vanilla as they come, who is also like a frightened cat most of the time when she feels overwhelmed? Damnit, where the hell is Frank? FRANK! Where the hell are you? I need you to have words with July here!”

Pushing her way past a totally confused July, who at first did not even notice either Kat nor the leash or what she was wearing, Meredith stormed into the familiar office, leading Kathrine behind her. Kat, who had noticed the total confusion that practically radiated from July, was already trembling from suppressed giggling, having forgotten her nervousness fast after the shouting started.

Still, not wanting to give away the game, Kat decided that her best option would be hiding, and so, when they reached the office, she hid behind Foxie's, pressing her face to her back to hide her silent laughter.

Frank, having expected at least something, was not expecting to see Kat in a latex catgirl costume, or on a leash for that matter, was just sitting behind his desk, silently observing the whole thing. The turned webcam with the recording software nowhere on his mind, but already running

July, having followed the pair into the office, got to see the trembling Kathrine from yesterday hiding behind one of their most chaotic models' backs. Just then noticing some of the things she was wearing made her confusion just worse, but seeing the trembling and thinking it were sobs, she tried to apologize, but Meredith would not let her finish a single sentence. Every time she started a new barrage of accusations and pointed questions, starting of if her mother had dropped her on her head a few to many times as a child, and ending with how Lukas was right, and Frank should just ring her mouth shut, when all she did was not inform people of what they have to know or expect anyway.

Kathrine meanwhile had a really hard time not to laugh out loud, and peeking at July from behind Foxy's back made it just worse. Still, she held on for nearly five minutes before she could not hold it in anymore, and started giggling before openly laughing, to which both Foxy and Frank joined to the ever growing confusion of their poor victim.

Frank, having seen the whole situation, had a nice view of the ever increasing confusion and guilt on July's face, could also see the signs of suppressed laughter from the young woman who hid behind one of his most chaotic friends, who was also having to hide her amusement. He could at the end not stop, but join her in laughter.

He liked her already, and if the descriptions of how innocent she really was were true, he could already see her joining Foxy in much more future pranks and chaos.

Foxy meanwhile had a lot of difficulties not to show her amusement at how utterly confused July was, and silently cursed Kat, who just had to use her back to hide her silent laughter, while still having fun laying into July.

July on the other hand was just acclimating to the situation of being scolded by Foxy of all people, above a subject where she was also right about, when suddenly the little catgirl from yesterday started to laugh openly, just to be joined by her sometimes friend, sometimes pain in the butt Foxy, and her boss of all people.

“Ahh, just what the hell is going on here? Foxy what the fuck, I know I fucked up with the accusations you are throwing around. I can't say anything against it, but how the hell did you get the shy little photographer from yesterday to let you lead her in here, wearing one of your latex costumes if I'm not wrong, with cat ears on her head, on a leash? And why the hell are you all laughing?”

As the laughter only gets worse from her questions, it finally dawned on her that she had been had.

“Ha ha very funny. Ok I admit, I deserved that, but how the hell did Foxy convince you to play along? I mean, from your questions yesterday and her words, I would assume that you have no exposure to the stuff we are all involved in. How the hell did she convince you to let her lead you in here, in a latex catsuit of all things with a collar on your neck?”

Ignoring his employer, Frank stands up and extends his hand to Kathrine.

He was a big man. Easily over six feet five, with broad shoulders, and short brown hair. He wore a faded black t-shirt and jeans. He looked like someone from a biker gang or a bouncer, not like someone who owns a photo studio.

"Hi, I'm Frank. I take it you are our replacement for Jarred, Kathrine if im not wrong?”

Stepping out from behind Foxy to take his hand, Kathrine forgot that she was still on a leash, and got a good tug,before Meredith let go of it. Sending her a sheepish look, and only getting a smirk in response, Kat tried again.

“Yes, I am."

“I take it, it went ok yesterday, when you can help Meredith of all people to prank July?”

“As well as you can expect, when you send someone without any experience needed in a subject to a shooting. I was lucky that Foxy and Lukas explained the situation to me and gave me a crash course at the same time.”

“Well, I will have some words with July about it. I take it, the photos and camera are in the bag?”

“Yes. Where should I put it?

“ Put it on the table. Good. So, July informed me that you sent us your resume in hope of getting a stable job while assuming we take pictures of cute animals and some sculptures and paintings?”

“Well, uhh…”

“Come on kitten, don't let him be mean to you. If he were not already considering hiring you, he would have just said so.”

“Foxy. Shut up. Why don't you go with July and talk about your next scene, while I talk with her.”

“Nah. It's much more entertaining to stay here, also, if the photos from yesterday are any good, I want her as my primary shooting partner for shootings. I like this little kitten.”

“That I can see. I have to admit, the collar suits her. So Kathrine, back to topic, do you think you can see you working here?”

“Well, I think it could be fun, and the things I learned so far are very interesting, but I would like to get more warnings beforehand, but I also need to pay rent, and I think I am rambling again…”

Foxy stepped behind her and put an arm around her to lean against her. That calmed Kat down and she began to visibly relax.

Frank, seeing that, muttered, that if these two don't get together in the near future, he would start taking only jobs for communions and weddings.

Kat, feeling much safer now, just nodded her head. Frank's next words nearly put her back into a panic, but the feeling of Foxy behind her, and her collar helped keep her calm.

“If you start working here, you would be exposed to much more. I assume you don't know anything else about us other than what you have seen so far, so let me give you an overview. ´Pets and Art` mainly works in the fetish scene, specifically, body modification, needle and piercing play, what you have seen some of yesterday, and the softer area of the BDSM scene. We get hired by magazines, private clients and conventions to visit them and take pictures, and make sure that they end up being good. As such, you would need to have very flexible hours, and as you would see some rather uncommon things, would also have an open mind about new and unusual things.”

“Ok, the hours and flexibility I need I can understand, but what do you mean, softer area of the BDSM scene?”

Before Frank could answer, Foxy chimed in,

“Think of what I have at home, and a bit more. I don't do much impact play, paddles and whips, and I don't do too much bondage because I don't have a stable partner to tie up. The collar and harness is mostly my limit, but I know that Jarred also works with that crowd.”

Rising an eyebrow at seeing her reluctance by the mention of paddles, Frank continued with his explanation,

“Right… What she says is mostly correct, if you start working here, I would give you those jobs. I know for a fact that Jarred does not like the body modification aspects, and wants to concentrate more on the BDSM scene, as such, if you have no problem with it, I would send you primary on those. We pay our people a base salary, the minimum the law requires for the hours they put in, but all the work you do is also reimbursed with commissions for the shootings. As such, we can offer full medical benefits, and you get to earn even if we don't have shootings for you that month.”

“That sounds nice. Uh, would I keep working with Foxy? And I do know how to use programs like Photoshop. Would that also count as working hours?”

“We can make sure that as long as you two want, you are always offered first right of refusal, as for picture editing, naturally, as long as the quality is right. Why don't you have Foxy lead you over here, and show me what you can do at the computer with a copy of the pictures from yesterday?”

Getting a bit flustered at being called out like that and at Foxy really taking her leash to lead her over to the computer, Kathrine nevertheless spends the next twenty minutes, editing one of the pictures to Frank's satisfaction. It was no masterpiece and needed some more work, but she could show that she at least knew the program and was not a complete amateur.

Afterwards, they spent another hour with paperwork, and finalizing her new contract.

Followed by the conversation as to why Meredith wanted to come to the office, and Kat learned that she already had another shooting planned, and wants to clear the details.

“So, let me get this straight. In two weeks, we will meet with some kind of fetish fashion guy, who will use pieces of fabric and needles to pin said fabric to your body, and then use that to afterwards make a real set out of it that you can keep?”

“Yep. I know him a bit. Ran into him in the past and he does good work. He is rather big in the scene, and it's something new to try for me too.”

“ I will send you the date and time, if you have nothing against that. “

“That sounds interesting. Would he instruct me where and when I should take the pictures like Lukas did, or am I expected to just take hundreds of them and sort them out afterwards?”

“The former. Let's change the subject, to our suspiciously missing coworker. Do you have any real misgivings, other than that she did not inform you enough yesterday, or do you think the prank was enough punishment for her? I know she will take Foxy's words to heart, even if it does not look like it at first glance.”

“I think I'm good. But uh...”

“Yes?”

“Spit it out, kitten.”

“Well, Lukas mentioned yesterday, that you should just ring her mouth shut, and I would like to know what he means by that, if it makes no problems that is.”

“Ahh, I know what he means. What you may or may not have seen is that she has quite a few piercings, and there are five pairs around her lips. What Lukas meant, is that I take the studs out, and replace the ten bars with five rings, sealing her mouth. We are not only boss and employee, but she is also my wife, and more often than not also my sub. That is short for submissive. As such, we like to play and that reaches even the office sometimes. I hope you tell me if you have a problem with that, so we can tone it down. If you work for us we don't want you to be uncomfortable, but we would also like to continue at least some things. Why don't I show you what I mean?”

Standing up, Frank took his phone, and called his wife into his office, from wherever she was hiding. While waiting for her, he took out a small case, with some pliers in it that Kat recognized from yesterday, five rings and five small beads, that could lock them shut. Meanwhile Foxy sat next to her on a couch with an arm loosely around her shoulder. The leash lay in the foxgirl’s lap.

---

Entering the office, July could already tell that something was about to happen. By the look of mischief on Foxy's face, and the mix of curiosity and shyness on Kat’s, in combination with the special friendly smile on her master’s face, the one he only uses when she is going to have a problem, she could tell she was going to have a hard time.

Reluctantly asking why she was summoned, Frank replied that her punishment was already decided. That Foxy promised to not be responsible for the choice did not help her.

Resigned, she hung her head, waiting to hear her fate, when her husband mentioned that Lukas of all people decided it.

“How?”

“Well, he mentioned something to Kat after hearing about your little prank yesterday, and I think it is a wonderful idea. Do you wanna guess what it is?”

“I don't know… Wait, Foxy mentioned earlier that... but … that would be…”

“Ahhh, I see you listened. Yes, I will be ringing you shut. Now, be a good girl, and go to the sink and clean your mouth while I prepare the rings.”

Head hung low, she does as she is told, and while sloshing the mouthwash in her mouth, observes how her husband takes out a familiar case from his desk, together with a bottle of rubbing alcohol,a few clear pieces of plastic tube as thick as her normal jewelry, two shallow bowls and a pair of nithril gloves, before filling one bowl with the alcohol and dropping the rings and the tubes into it.

When she is done with her task, not knowing how long he will keep her like that, she returns to the chair he already put down in front of the desk where Foxy and Kathrine have a good angle to view her. Hoping he will just do it and be done with her, she did not expect what he would do next.

“Hey Kathrine, come here and take the camera from yesterday with you. I want you to document her punishment for me. Maybe I'll even send a copy to Lukas as thanks.”

“Ok. Do you want me to decide when to take pictures, or are you going to tell me?”

“A bit of both. I want you to decide, but if I get the feeling that you need instructions, I'll tell you. Now let's get started. Come on July, put down the mask and open your mouth."

Observing with fascination, Kat saw. that July not just the before mentioned ten studs around her lips had, but also a free swinging ring in the middle of her nose. When Frank pulled out her tongue, she also saw at least seven small piercings in her tongue. Three studs were down the middle, while one was near the tip, and on each side of the tongue she also spotted two balls.

While taking some pictures, she saw how he systematically first removed the studs from around her mouth, before also removing the piercing from the tonguetip and the four from the sides.

After that, She observed how he took one of the 20 cm long pieces of flexible tube, pulled it through the hole in her tongue, till it is ca halfway though. He repeated that action with all five holes of her tongue, while Kat took a few more pictures.

“Ok July. I wanted to try this for some time now, but you never gave me a reason to. What is going to happen now, is that I will be pulling the tubes from the inside through your piercings, the ends on the underside of your tongue through your lower lip ones, and the same with the upper lip, before replacing them with rings. I use the tubes as guides, because it would be difficult to coordinate all three holes otherwise.”

At that Meredith chimed in.

“Why not use banana barbels instead? They are curved, which means not so much strain for the holes, and she can go out shopping and more, without it being obvious that her mouth is pierced shut? “

“You know Foxy, you have a point. Could you please take the blue box from my desk and dump the barbels into the alcohol? Although they were planned for something else, they should function even better in her upper lips.”

“No problem big man.”

“Foxy, what does he mean by other uses?”

“I'll tell you later when we are at my house. You still have your clothes there.”

“OK.”

“Now July please dont move too much or this could be tricky and it will just have to stay in longer.”

With those words, Frank began to slip the first tube through the hole in the corner of her lower lip, followed by the other end being pulled through the upper lip. Continuing to work his way around, July notices fast, that because of the shape of her tongue, she will be forced to wear a smile for the duration of her punishment, while also not being able to move her tongue at all.

Kat continues to take pictures, even going so far as to ask Frank to step aside, when he was halfway done with the tubes, and when he was done with all five.

While doing that, she spots something with the barbels.

“Why do the, is shaft the right word to use, look like they are made of plastic, while the balls look like metal?”

“That is because the shafts are made from plastic. I use them in this situation for a few reasons. First, because they are made of plastic, they are flexible, and allow me to bend them. That is important, because I also want to imprison her tongue, and a metal shaft would make that nearly impossible. The other main reason is that they will rub against her teeth, and if they were metal that could damage them. It also allows me to add a little surprise at the end. Foxy could you be a dear and retrieve something for me from ps ps ps?”

The last words were whispered, so neither Kat nor a now worried July could hear them, but the glint in Foxy's eyes promised nothing good for July.

While they waited for her return, Kathrine and Frank talked about lighting and angles for better picture, but were soon interrupted, when she brought back another pair of gloves and a small tube.

Not wanting to ruin the surprise, she went to the desk, and prepared behind July's back the barbels.

First, she took one of the balls and one of the shafts, and dried them on some clean paper while wearing the gloves, before putting a small drop from the tube into the threat and screwing it on the shaft. Continuing with the next pair, she waited a minute before giving the first pair to Frank, who put the end of the shaft into one of the outer tubes in her upper lip. Repeating that with all five tubes, he gave his wife a nice smile, before he began to pull on the lower tubes, pulling the shafts through the three piercings each.

Kat, who continued to take pictures, could not help but laugh after the last one a bit, because it looks like July had a very ugly beard.

Foxy, who already dried the other five balls, filled the first hole with a tiny bit of clear liquid, before giving it to Frank, who in one swift motion pulled the tube from the first Shaft and screwed the ball on.

Sadly, July only noticed after the third ball the familiar smell, and just as the last one was screwed on recognized it as what it was.

Her bastard of a husband had Foxy fill the balls with superglue, sealing her mouth shut, till he decides to free her by cutting the shafts..

“As you can see Kat, my wife has already figured out that the threads of the piercings are filled with glue, closing her lips rather permanently, or at least until I decide to free her again. That is another benefit of using plastic shafts for something like that. You can free her anytime with a pair of scissors, but it will destroy the barbel in the process."

As a response to his comment, he just got a very dirty look, and a few unrecognizable groans from his wife. His wife, who was still smiling at him because of her new decorations, who was already planning her revenge, even if neither Kat nor Foxy would get to see what she would cook up.

---

After cleaning up they all returned to the couches, with Foxy and Kat on one and Frank and a smiling July on the other.

“So Kat, what do you think of my wife's punishment?”

“I don't know. I mean, at least she can smile about it, but what about food? How can she eat like that?”

That statement bought her a glare from July and howling laughter from Foxy.

“Dont worry. She can still use a straw to drink smoothies and the like, and if I wanted to, I can always give her a tube.”

“A tube?”

“Yeah. A stomach tube. Basically, it is a long thin rubber tube that goes from one of her nostrils down her throat into her stomach, and is normally used to feed old or sick people who can't eat themselves. It would not be the first time that I gave her one, and at the start she always hates it, but after a few days, she doesn't even notice it anymore.”

“Oh, okay. But another question, why does her nose ring bounce like that? I mean, I have seen rings like that before, but they always stay in the same position. How does it work that hers moves so freely?”

“That is easy. July has a small tunnel in her septum, and the ring goes through that. The reason that most rings don't move much is that they are held by the flesh of the nose, whereas July’s doesn't touch it.”

“Tunnel? You mean like in the ears of people, where the holes are so big that you can see through them?”

“Exactly.”

“But how did it get so big?”

“There you have two options. First, you can use jewelry of ever increasing diameter to slowly stretch the hole, but that can cause the nose to deform, and can lead to weeks of pain. No, we used the second method, and that is to use something called a dermal punch. Basically, it is a small round pushblade that cuts a small round hole. We used that to cut a small hole into her septum, and directly to the right size. The healing time is just a bit more than a normal septum piercing, but you have nowhere near the weeks of pain from the stretching.”

“That is one of the things I am considering getting as well.”

“Really Foxy?”

“Yep. Just didn't have the right occasion to do it.”

“Huh, let me know when you do it, and I will send Kat here to take a few pictures,if she is free.”

After that, the three continued to talk some more about work and stuff, while July had to talk by typing on her phone.

As the evening approached, they said their goodbyes, and Kat and Foxy made their way back to her house, because Kat was still wearing the latex she borrowed from Foxy.

During the drive, Kat thought about just how interesting the last few days were. She went from jobless and vanilla, to having slept with a hot Foxgirl after removing a bunch of needles from her breasts, after taking a bunch of pictures for her new job, her new job, of her getting a corset piercing. Only to meet her new boss, and spend an afternoon talking with him while his wife sat beside them with her mouth sealed shut. And all the while wearing a latex catgirl costume. She still wore that costume, while also having a collar that she honestly loves, still locked around her neck.
