---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A New Me
authors:
- Liz
tags:
- Solo-F
- latex
- clothing
- catsuit
- corset
- boots
- gloves
- hood
- toys
- insert
- mast
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2014-01-09 00:00:00
---

**Part 1: A Strange Package**

This is an account of how I became what I am: a living, breathing rubber doll with a body made of latex and a sexual appetite that cannot be satisfied. I suppose we all have a little fetish that society would consider abnormal and deviant. Mine was always latex. Otherwise I was a normal girl with normal flesh and normal proportions. Those days are gone, however, and I am writing this story to tell you how it happened.

About eight years ago, I had just graduated college and found my first real job as an online marketing manager at a small start-up. The work was interesting and I liked my coworkers, but I still felt as though my life was not quite fulfilled. I didn’t have a boyfriend at the time despite having long black hair with radiant blue eyes and an athletic build which I kept up at the gym. My breasts were rather large and perky for my frame and my firm butt would turn heads. I always had a lot of takers, but most of them were pricks and I never stayed with them for very long. The more idiots I dumped, the more I became entangled in the world of self-satisfaction through latex.

It started as a small fetish looking up images of latex-clad men and women online and developed bit by bit into more of an obsession. The first piece of latex I bought was a shiny black thong. It was small, tight, incredibly sexy and such a turn on that I was constantly wet whenever I wore it. Whenever I could afford it, I began purchasing more and more articles of latex: tights, high-heeled boots, opera gloves, a hood and even a tight mini-skirt. Most of these things I wore alone at home, but as college wore on, I became braver and started wearing things in public, but always under my regular clothes. By the end of the day, I was so wet and horny that I would have to come home and masturbate right away. I could come two or three times in a very short amount of time. After I got my job though, I could afford to purchase the latex item I had always dreamed of owning: a red catsuit with built-in feet and gloves. That combined with my hood would make for a total latex enclosure that would guarantee a night of pleasure that no moron boyfriend could ever match.

These experiences I had always kept as my personal secret and had shared with absolutely no one, so I was very surprised when I came home from work one day and noticed a package by the front door. I hadn’t expected one as I hadn’t ordered anything, but there it was all the same. I bent down to look at the shipping label while my latex thong – by now my exclusive choice of panties – pulled tightly against my anus and split my wet pussy lips under my short, tight business skirt causing me to catch my breath. My name and address were both on there, but the return address was some obscure P.O. box from somewhere in New Jersey that I didn’t recognize and no name was given which only added to the mystery. I picked up the box and headed inside to see what it was.

I set my bag down on the living room couch, then brought the package into the kitchen and set it on the table. There I got out a pair of scissors and began cutting through the tape. It didn’t take long and soon I was tearing the remainder off and ripping open the box. The first thing that struck me was the very strong smell of latex that wafted up towards me. It was a smell I had become very familiar with and it sent shivers down my spine and all the way to my pussy. I started to breathe more heavily and noticed that the smell alone had turned me on even more than I already was.

Greedily, I tore of the flaps off the box which were caught on a remaining bit of tape to see what was inside. The first thing I pulled out was a clear plastic bag with a piece of black latex inside. I pulled it out of the bag and saw it contained opera gloves. I set them on the table and looked inside the box again. There were several more such plastic bags and I began to pull them all out. They contained a latex hood, a full catsuit without gloves or feet, a corset, and a pair of knee-high high-heeled boots with seven-inch pencil heels.

All of it was made of shiny black latex. The hood, unlike mine which had eye holes and a hole for the mouth, only had two small holes for breathing where the nose belongs and a built-in inflatable gag. Otherwise, it was a single, solid piece of latex. The catsuit looked to be slightly too small for me, but I figured I could squeeze myself into it. I had never worn a corset before, so I was curious as to how it would feel and, although I had frequently worn very high heels before, I had never worn such high heels before.

I couldn’t even begin to imagine who would send me such things, but it didn’t really matter to me at that moment so I scooped them up and rushed to my bedroom to try them on. By then I was so horny that the first thing I did was strip down to my latex thong and rub myself through it until I came. It took all of about ten seconds for me to have a very satisfying orgasm as I had been horny all day. Fortunately it was Friday evening, which meant I would have the whole weekend to enjoy myself.

The next thing I did was examine the items more closely. Inside each of them was a slick black substance that looked and felt like lube. None of the pieces of latex I had ever bought had come pre-lubed, but I figured it must be a particular characteristic of the manufacturer of these garments and didn’t give it much more thought. My more pressing concern at that point was that I couldn’t find a zipper on the catsuit anywhere. I had read about catsuits whose necks stretched enough for a person to enter and when I stretched the neck, it easily opened wide enough for me to fit through it. With that concern taken care of, I slipped off my latex thong, stretched out the catsuit’s neck and stuck my right leg inside.

The lube was very slick and I was easily able to slide my leg all the way through until my foot popped out of the bottom. I repeated the process for my left leg and noticed immediately that the catsuit was much tighter than I was used to. The anticipation of being fully wrapped and caressed by that very tight material made me wet enough for a drop to run down my leg. I quickly pulled the catsuit up my legs to my hips and that was when the next surprise startled me.

In my haste to get the catsuit on, I had failed to notice that there were two large dildos built into it. I was so wet that the one in front had slipped partially into my pussy before I even knew it was there causing me to shudder and moan loudly. I reached down and felt them. Like the latex garments, they were both pre-lubed and so I worked them into me. The one in front slipped all the way into my pussy without a problem and, as I had discovered anal as a teenager and had worn many butt plugs under my old latex catsuit, I was able to push the dildo in back into my ass without much trouble. They were bigger than I was used to and I felt stuffed and stretched out, but I was so horny once I had gotten them both in and the catsuit pulled up over my hips so that they were in up to the hilt that I rubbed myself again and came hard within only a few seconds.

After I had recovered for a couple of minutes, I continued to pull the catsuit on. I pulled it up to my breasts before working my arms through the neck and then into each of the sleeves. Then I pulled it over my breasts and shoulders so that the neck of the suit snapped tightly into place around my own neck. The catsuit was incredibly tight and accentuated my every curve. I noticed that the material of the catsuit’s waist was a bit thicker and tighter than the rest of the suit and squeezed my waist slightly as though I was wearing corset.

The suit had built-in cups for my breasts, but unlike the rest of the suit, they were much too big being several sizes larger than I needed. Looking down at my shiny black, latex-enclosed body a shiver ran down my spine again. I was surprised to find there were absolutely no wrinkles other than the disappointingly empty breast cups, but I attributed that to the suit’s tightness. I was in latex bliss.

It was difficult not to go look at myself in the mirror right then and there, but I wanted to put the rest of what was in the box on first. The first thing I reached for was the corset. Unlike the catsuit, this one had hooks allowing me to easily open it and wrap it around my waist. Once I had hooked it closed around me, I could already feel it constricting my waist. It was such a turn on though, that I tugged on the lace strings as hard as I could until I was able to take off about two to three inches from my waist, then I tied them. I had troubles breathing at first, but got used to it relatively quickly. Between the tightness of the latex catsuit and the squeezing grip of the corset, I was taken to a new level of horniness I never thought possible. The two large dildos stuffed inside me were only teasing me more.

The boots were the next thing I put on. They were lying on the floor and when I bent down to pick them up, I noticed how difficult the movement was with the inflexible corset restricting my waist. I did manage to pick them up though and sat down on my bed to put them on. My feet slipped right into both of them because of the lube and it only occurred to me then that the boots didn’t have any laces. They were essentially a high-heeled shoe with a latex tube forming the upper, “boot” part.

Once I had gotten them on, they clung very tightly to my calves and seemed to stick to the latex catsuit after I had smoothed them out. While I found this odd, I thought it was convenient, so I stood up to test them out. Taking a few steps around the room proved rather challenging with such a tall, thin heel, but after a little while I had gotten the hang of it. The most efficient way was to swing my hips with every step which seemed to me to be quite provocative. I liked it. It also caused the dildos inside of me to move around which made me weak in the knees and did nothing to help me keep my balance.

Up next were the gloves. Still standing, I reached down for them on the bed. First I slipped on the right one, then the left one. These too clung to the catsuit, but again, I didn’t think anything of it. At this point, the only part of me not covered by latex was my head. Since the hood didn’t have holes for eyes, I decided to take a look at myself in my full-length mirror before putting it on. What I saw was incredible. I had become a shiny black latex creature with an hourglass shape. My legs and ass were more feminine and pronounced than ever in my seven-inch heels and my waist cinched smaller than I had ever seen it. The only thing that bothered me was the mostly empty breast cups which drooped down from my chest. My hand ran down between my legs seemingly on its own and it only took a single, light touch to set off the fireworks. I came so hard, I had to sit back down on the bed for a few minutes to recover.

The only piece missing from the whole ensemble was the latex hood. After recovering from my tremendous orgasm, I picked it up and examined it thoroughly. Like the catsuit, it seemed too small and the neck also stretched open to allow me to stick my head in. As I held my long black hair up on the back of my head, I started to work the hood over it. Once I had my hair and the back of my head in, I started pulling it over my face. The neck was quite tight, making this a challenging process, but I managed nonetheless. I pulled it until it reached my mouth where I stuck in the slightly inflated gag, then lined up the small breathing holes to my nostrils before working it down over my chin and jaw until the neck snapped shut around the neck of the catsuit, immersing me 100% into the world of latex.

It was then that the strange sensations began all over my body. The gag in my mouth suddenly filled until I thought my jaw would unhinge and it felt as though the latex was coming to life and squirming over every inch my skin which began to tingle and I noticed that above all, it was turning me on. I was being taken to a new dimension of horniness while lying there on my bed, fully covered head to toe in shiny black latex. I came three, four times without so much as touching myself. The dildos in me rocked back and forth all on their own, double penetrating me while the latex caressed me in ways I had never experienced before. I had lost control of my body and had orgasm after orgasm until I finally passed out.
