---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Special Gift
authors:
- Gromet
tags:
- Solo-F
- F/f
- M+/f
- machine/f
- gift
- doll
- factory
- naked
- measure
- suit
- tease
- arousal
- silicon
- encase
- process
- production-line
- inspected
- barcode
- crate
- shipped
- transported
- discovery
- sexdoll
- objectify
- stuck
- anal
- oral
- sex
- denial
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2018-01-08 00:00:00
---

Woman to Sexdoll

Janice decided to give her husband a very special birthday present this year, she’d given him many gifts over the past few years they had been married and even given herself to him dressed in eye popping lingerie. But this year she wanted something extra special and after looking at some of his browsing history Janice knew the perfect gift – a full size realistic sex doll.

She looked around online to see if there was any company that could help her with getting the gift ready; she found that there was a company not too far away that specialized in making Real-Sex dolls™; it was just two hours’ drive away from their home. She was fascinated by how real the dolls looked and how beautiful they were, she found herself being turned on looking at the dolls.

But reading on she also discovered that they make a special product where someone can become a doll inside a suit and be prepared and delivered just like one, she had a wicked thought and decides to order both the Real-Sex Doll™, but also she wanted to try the Really Real-Sex doll™ model, and get herself delivered to her husband. Then have the real doll arrive on the Monday saying something like it was a wrong order, and then return her as a doll to back to the factory.

She contacted the company by phone and asked for more details, the salesperson Maggie was happy to talk her through the whole process, stating that they have had many happy customers try out the Really Real-Sex doll™ suit and many have even come back again for more, they had enjoyed the experience so much.

Maggie told Janice that the Really Real-Sex doll™ doll suits are made of a thin latex catsuit covering the body, with inserts for various body cavities, and then the suit is sprayed with the same silicon that they use to make the dolls. The silicone comes in a three levels of stiffness - soft; medium, or hard. Soft lets the doll move about easily, medium is more restrictive and like the touch and feel of the real doll, but still allows some movement. Whilst hard restricts almost all movement and makes the person inside feel more like a doll.

She then explained the manufacturing process and how they make each individual Really Real-Sex dolls™ to Janice. Janice was very happy with what she’d heard from Maggie, and the price wasn’t out of this world either, so Janice said that she would like to proceed and purchase both the suit and a Real-Sex doll, “Maybe one that looks like me?” She asked the saleslady.

“Sure no problem,” replied Maggie, “You’ll need to come in for a measuring session, we need to get your body dimensions for the doll to match yours. When do need the doll by?”

“His birthday is this coming weekend, I know it may be a bit of a rush for you, but do you think we could do it this week?” Janice asked.

“We have a vacant spot late on Thursday, but you’d need to stay overnight, do you think you could make that?” Maggie asked. “And it’s the only time we can fit you in.”

“Overnight, Oh I don’t know…” Janice said, unsure as to why they needed her overnight.

Sensing her hesitation, Maggie interrupted, “The silicon needs to cure overnight before we paint it, so we’ll need you to remain here and not spoil the suit. Plus we need time to measure you and make the actual Real-Sex doll in your image.”

“Oh, okay I understand. That shouldn’t be a problem.” Janice said, “I’ll see you on Thursday then. Thank you.”

\*\*\*

Janice left a note to tell her husband that she's going to her parents’ house for the weekend, leaving Thursday and will be back on Monday. She stated that she was sorry that she'll miss his birthday on Saturday but says that she'll make it up, extra special, when she gets back. And kissed the note leaving a lipstick mark on the paper.

She headed off to the factory on Thursday morning to get prepared; she arrived before lunch and is greeted by Maggie. She is shown around the factory by Maggie and she explains how they make the dolls and Janice watches intently as she is shown various dolls being prepared. She is also introduced to the factory’s owner Grahame who welcomed her to the doll family, which seemed odd to Janice but put it out of her mind as some sort of in-joke the company has.

Maggie then takes Janice to the measuring room, once there she’s asked to strip off her clothes and place them in a locker, a surgical gown is placed on a chair for her to wear and once ready she returns from behind the curtain, desperately trying to hold the two parts of the gown over her exposed rear. Maggie then guided her over to a small round disk on the floor. “Please, step onto the disk.” Maggie directed.

Janice complies with the request, still holding the gown about her body. She felt a small thrill go through her body, she’s about to become a love doll for her husband, an object for him to use and play with, the thought had been driving her fantasies all week, and both her husband and her toys had gotten a workout this week to satiate her sexual desires.

Maggie then told Janice to stand still on the disk and a laser will scan and measure her body, she also tells her that she needed to remove the gown as she has to be naked for the measuring process. Janice reluctantly removes the gown, but since it was only Maggie and her in the room so she doesn’t feel too uncomfortable being naked in front of her. Maggie then positions Janice’s arms and legs, her hands held palm forwards and out from her body, her legs placed near the edges of the disk revealing her freshly shaven sex to Maggie.

Maggie had seen it all before, she had seen several women come in to be measured up and reassured Janice that there was nothing unusual about the process. She said,  “It’s only us girls in here. No boys allowed.”

“Okay I need you to hold that position as the laser passes over you; you’ll need to close your eyes too for safety reasons, here we go – hold that pose.” Maggie said and pushed the button to begin the measuring process, the red laser shot a beam of light on Janice’s body, then worked its way up to her head and then back down to her feet. It repeated the action three times to make sure to get the average measurement of Janice’s body.

Maggie told Janice, “Okay I need you to hold that position as the laser passes over you; you’ll need to close your eyes too for safety reasons, here we go – hold that pose.” Maggie pushed the button to begin the measuring process. The red laser shot a beam of light onto Janice’s body, and then worked its way up to her head and then back down to her feet. It repeated the action three times to make sure to get the average measurement of Janice’s body.

Maggie told Janice, “Hold still, I’m going to start rotating the disk and we can then measure every part of your body.” Maggie activated the disk rotation and the laser kept scanning up and down Janice’s body. Once a full rotation was finished, Maggie switched off the machine. She checked over the results, reading the screen in front of her and ignoring the naked Janice still standing on the disk, still holding the pose. Janice felt like she’d been turned into a doll already and that she was just an object like all the other dolls in the factory.

“Okay that all looks good; we need to get you into your suit now.” Maggie said, “Please follow me.”

Janice followed Maggie and they headed out of the room and across the hallway into another room, she could see a couple of staff in the hall and then realized that she was still naked, she felt herself blush and her hands tried to hide her sex from the view of the staff.

“Don’t worry they’ve seen plenty of naked bodies,” Maggie said, “and soon they will see yours on the production line.”

“I thought I would be wearing a suit?” Janice asked.

“Yes but the latex is very thin, almost clear, but it’s also very strong made from a special compound and mixed in with the latex rubber to create our suits.” Maggie explained and walked over to bring a suit out of its box. “See.”

As Maggie held the suit up for Janice she realized that you could indeed see through it, she would be revealed in all her naked glory. Small butterflies danced in her tummy at the thought and moisture began to form on the inner petals of her sex. She’d had fantasies of being naked in public, finding herself suddenly naked in the street, her clothing disappearing leaving her humiliated as people watched her.

Her thoughts were interrupted by Maggie saying, “You’ll need to rub this liquid all over your body it will help with the suit fitting.” Handing Janice the bottle.

Janice rubbed the strange smelling substance over her legs, then up over her thighs and her soft, round globes of flesh that formed her rear, something she was proud of and Janice loved being touched there. More liquid was then applied between her legs, her soft folds growing as she rubbed the liquid in them, her little nubbin coming out from under its hood to see what was going on, she felt the first stirrings of her sexual desire rising.

She rubbed the liquid on her arms next to try to take away her sexual thoughts, Janice didn’t want to get herself worked up in front of Maggie and the other staff here. So she left her breasts until last in the hopes that her desire had waned by then, but both nipples soon stood loud and proud. Janice looked over at Maggie who was watching her as she applied the coating. A smile forming on Maggie's lips as she watched Janice’s nipples stand out, she enjoyed this part watching the women covering themselves in the liquid.

“That always happens!” Laughed Maggie, “So don’t feel embarrassed.”

Janice couldn’t speak, she just blushed and looked down to the floor wondering why she’d put herself in this position, but inside she did feel the sparks of arousal, her inner demons reveled in her position, this was just like her dreams where she was naked in public, humiliated & embarrassed, but there was nowhere to run to.

“Okay, now that you’re covered we can get you into the suit.” Maggie picked up the chosen suit and brought it over to Janice and then said, “Now we’ll start at your feet, so I need you to lift your left foot and I help ease the suit onto your foot.”

Once Janice’s own foot was placed inside the foot of the suit, Maggie then began helping Janice place her right foot into the suit. Once Maggie was happy with the way the suit fitted Janice’s feet, and that there were no air bubbles, she proceeded to pull the suit up Janice's legs. It didn’t take long to cover her legs and soon the suit was brushing up against Janice’s sex, now warm and wet from her devious thoughts and the actions of putting on the tight suit, but also from the touch of Maggie's hands as she smoothed out the suit against her legs, the feel of her hands as she stroked the suit.

“There’s no other way around this, so I’m going to have to help you.” Maggie said and began pulling the suit up Janice’s hips, moving her hands over Janice’s rear and then up through her legs brushing up against Janice’s outer labia and her clitoris, smoothing the suit out as she did so.

Janice felt Maggie’s hands against her rear, and then pressed against her sex, as small electrical tingles shot out from her sex to her brain; she hadn’t had a girl touch her down there since a brief fling in college. Janice had wanted to try experimenting sexually, and had a few times in bed with one of her fellow female students, she’d liked it at the time, but seemed to prefer men than girls.

Once that part of the fitting was out of the way, things returned to normal, well until Maggie reached her breasts, now Janice was very sensitive in this area, well her whole body was very sensitive to touch, and teasing, so when Maggie touched her on her breast, Janice felt her knees as they give out from under her, and she fell onto Maggie. Janice's arms now encased in latex fell onto Maggie’s shoulders and her face was close to Maggie’s, so close they could feel each other’s breath. There was a brief sexual moment between the two women, each close enough to kiss the other, Maggie’s hands now firmly planted onto Janice’s breasts, and the heat between them intense.

The moment was broken by someone entering the room, “Sorry.” They both heard from the doorway, “Didn’t know the room was busy.” And the door closed as quickly as it opened. Maggie and Janice both broke out in giggles; Maggie's hands still held Janice’s breasts and Janice held onto Maggie’s shoulders, their faces now smiling, Maggie was surprised when Janice leaned in and kissed her softly on the lips.

“Thank you Maggie, sorry about that.” Janice whispered, surprised at her boldness in kissing Maggie.

“That’s okay.” Maggie replied. Maggie enjoyed rubbing her hands over Janice’s body. Maggie loved the feel of the latex suit the way it covered the female flesh, soft, warm, and tender. Maggie always loved this part of getting the dolls ready.
Maggie said reluctantly, “Now let’s finish you up so we can get you ready for delivery. The hood is last, now bend forward for me.”

Once the hood was in place, Maggie checked over the whole suit again for any air bubbles or creases in the latex. This was her last chance to enjoy feeling Janice's warm body enclosed inside the latex suit, so she took her time. Janice stood there and reveled in the feelings she was experiencing, the whole suit felt like it was hugging her, and Maggie’s hands running over the suit sent more delightful waves of pleasure through her body.

Happy with her work and the time spent running her hands over Janice, Maggie announced that they were ready for the next stage. “I need you to stand over in the corner booth.” She said to Janice, who then walked over and climbed into the booth as requested.

“Now I want you to adopt the same pose we did when we measured you.” Maggie said, “A blue light will be emitted so you will need to close your eyes again.”

“What’s the light for?” Janice asked.
Maggie replied, “To set the glue you rubbed over your body, the suit will stick to you and not move while you’re being played with.”

“Glue!” Janice exclaimed, “how will I get out of the suit?”

“When you return we have a special solvent to breakdown the glue, don’t worry it’s all harmless, well mostly.” she winked and pressed the button to start the light.

Janice stood there inside the booth as a blue light seemed to come at her from all angles, she could feel the suit begin to shrink to her body and cling to her skin, there was no way that she would be able to get free unless she returned to the factory now it seemed. Once done the light extinguished, Maggie took Janice by the hand and helped her out of the booth.

“There’s my doll, all nice and tight.” Maggie said, “Now you’re ready for processing.”

Maggie took Janice’s hand and guided her out of the room and down the hallway; the sounds of a workshop came from behind two swing doors in front of them. The two entered into a brightly lit room where several people were working on making parts for the dolls. In the room and there were several partially completed dolls hanging from racks. It looked like some bizarre Frankenstein workshop to Janice.

Janice was astounded, and confused, by all the activity that was going on in here. Janice had just come from somewhere far more intimate with Maggie. She walked along behind Maggie, now oblivious to her nakedness on display, not that anyone seemed to be taking notice of her anyway. Janice’s body was showing through the clear latex suit and displaying her near-naked body for all to see.

Maggie stopped when they reached a large machine, “This is our silicone spray booth, and it’s totally automated, so once inside the machine will take over. Step inside and I’ll show you what we need to do.”

Janice stepped inside, her butterflies returning and a degree of nervous anticipation came over her, she was really doing this.

“Okay, I need you to place this tube inside your mouth.” Maggie said.

“What is it for?” Janice asked.

“Once the spraying begins you won’t be able to breathe.” Maggie replied.

“And why is it so big?” Janice asked, placing the large tube in her mouth and settling the mouth guard into place.

“Oh that’s so your owner can use your mouth for oral sex, we need to shape the mouth to form an ‘O’ shape.” Maggie laughed, especially at the surprised look on Janice’s face. “Now place these plugs up your nose. Lastly I need to glue these eye protectors on, they will come off after spraying but you won’t be able to see until we do.”

Satisfied that she had Janice ready for spraying, she asked Janice what coating she’d opted for again, already knowing the answer but she liked to tease her clients/dolls.

“Mmm Mee meedem, plez.” Janice tried to say but with the tube in her mouth she couldn’t talk properly.

Maggie replied with a big mischievous smile on her face, “That was Hard, right? Okay!”

“Mmm nooo.” Janice cried, not seeing Maggie’s face smiling at her.

Maggie pushed the button to start the machine, knowing all too well what she was doing. The door closed sealing Janice inside now thinking that she would come out unable to move, all the while, her devious mind wondering what that would feel like. Janice's wrists were held by mechanical arms, and her own arms were raised towards the ceiling, her legs were parted by another part of the machine and now set into position began spraying her body.

Several coatings of silicone was sprayed on her body, each coat dried by fans inside the machine before the next one was applied. Once her arms were finished they were placed in a more natural position by her sides, and then more coats were applied. At one point she was lifted from the floor and more silicone covered her feet, she was now totally covered from head to toe in the silicone, her latex suit now buried under the multiple layers that had been sprayed on.

Now the coating was finished and was dry, the door of the booth opened and the new doll that was Janice was ejected and placed onto the overhead conveyor, with hooks under her arms holding her aloft as she was moved into the production area. First up on the line was final touch up, Janice felt her legs being spread as far apart as possible, she then felt fingers on her soft sex, her outer lips being fondled and she felt her arousal growing again, she hoped that it was Maggie. But unknown to Janice, Maggie had gone back to her office once the spray machine had started, leaving Janice overnight for the machine to do its work and the silicone to cure.

\*\*\*

To everyone on the factory floor she was just another doll now, one to get prepared for the customer. The employees even had a spec sheet for what was required, and who the order was for, which was her husband. Her sex was inspected and more silicone was added to form the delicate folds of her sex, fans were used between coats to dry the silicone, and her own natural moisture too.

Next came painting and coloring, her silicone flesh was a bland skin color so highlights were added, her nipples were painted as well as the folds of her sex in a more natural darker pink. Once the painting was finished an outer protective coating was sprayed on her body, she was then left hanging to dry along the other dolls for the next hour. Then she was moved down the line to the next station, Maggie was here waiting. Janice was pulled off of the conveyor and sat down on a stool, her legs were bent, and her arms placed in her lap.

“Okay Janice, time to remove the eye protection.” Maggie said. “Get ready for a bright light.”

Once the eye pieces were removed Janice couldn’t see, the light blinding her vision, but Maggie held her hand up to shield Janice’s eyes from the glare of the factory lighting. Once Janice had recovered she tried to look around, she found that she couldn’t move her head, only her eyes and she looked up at Maggie.

“Okay Janice, now we’ll do your make-up and paint your face, also we will touch up around your eyes where the guards were.” Maggie said, “I’m also going to add these special lenses to cover your eyes, you’ll be able to see out but others looking in won’t see any eye movements.”

Once the silicone had been touched up and the lens fitted to cover her eyes, her make-up was applied this was painted on so the color wouldn’t fade or the make-up wear off. The tube was removed from her mouth and she was able to speak at last, though she had to speak with pursed lips. One quick coat of sealer was applied to finish her face.

“How doo I luuk..?”Janice asked afterwards.

“Fine, you’ve turned out perfectly, you look just like any other doll, you better watch out we don’t make a mistake and ship you out to someone else!” Maggie teased.

“Noo…” Janice laughed too.

Maggie held up a mirror for Janice to see herself in her new doll form.

“Ooh wo-ow, I luuk like a dolll…” Janice exclaimed, “but noo hair...”

“The wig comes next and then final inspection before packaging.” Maggie explained, she picked up a short blond bob cut wig and after applying some glue to the top of Janice’s silicone head pressed the wig down into place, adjusting it and fussing over her appearance.

Janice was hoisted up again to the overhead conveyor and moved along to the next station, where there was a guy standing there waiting for her to arrive. Maggie handed him the paperwork for the doll and he began his inspection. Hands went everywhere over Janice’s body, her legs were again spread wide and the inspector bent down to closely examine Janice’s sex from below, his fingers probed her outer folds, then they pushed further inside her and finally he thrust several fingers deep inside her pussy, and he felt the wetness there.

He said to Maggie, “Oh she’s one of them!”

Pulling his fingers out, he then donned gloves and turned her around and his fingers began probing her rear, finding her opening and pushing inside. “Needs some lubricant!” he said matter of factly and then proceeded to push a tube up her rear entrance and squirt in the lube until it ran out from her. Wiping away the excess lubricant with one hand and again probing her rear opening with a couple of fingers. “Better.” he said. Then he began squirting more of the lubricant inside her vaginal canal.

Taking a laser printer in his hand, the man moved behind Janice again and pressed the machine to the base of her spine. The machine left behind a barcode printed neatly in the skin covering her back. He then picked up a scanning device and ran it over the barcode, then the barcode on the accompanying paperwork.

The man told Maggie, “There, now she’s been added to inventory.” Then the man moved onto the next doll in line and started working on her.

Janice was moved out to dispatch, there she was taken off of the conveyor and carried over to a crate. Maggie was there to oversee the packing of all of the Really Real Dolls. “Well it’s time to ship you off to your new owner, some where in Africa I believe,“ she laughed, “sorry I can’t help teasing.”

Smiling at Janice, Maggie said, “We are going to place you inside the crate for delivery, don’t worry you can breathe inside the crate as it has discreet air holes, the straps will hold you in place so you don’t get damaged in delivery. See you next week… maybe. Close her up boys.”

The straps were fastened tightly, the foam insert held her in place, the silicone coating her body held her rigidly and she couldn’t move. Janice watched through the lens as the lid was placed onto the crate and all light was gone leaving her in darkness. She heard the fastening screws to the lid of the crate and then straps around the outside.

Maggie placed the delivery documents in the pouch on the crate, her job now done, and the doll would soon be on its way to her new owner. Maggie loved her job, especially the kinky perks of knowing what she had just done to Janice. She was confident of her decision. After all, all the Really Real Doll's always come back to thank her. Janice felt the crate being moved and then placed in a vehicle; she knew she was in a vehicle when she heard the rear doors closed. And then felt the movement of the vehicle as it carried her home – or so she hoped.

\*\*\*
The truck stopped to make a couple of other deliveries on the way, to the delivery people she was just another doll to be delivered, and they didn’t know that the crate contained a human female dressed up as a doll. Janice was too lost in her own dreams to be concerned about that, in her mind she was now just a freshly made doll on its way to its new owner; one that she hoped would put her to good use, as she was now feeling very horny after being prodded and probed by the inspector. The lube had a stimulant effect too, so her holes were tingling from the sensations that the lubricant was causing.

The vehicle pulled up at her home, there was no one home but a key had been provided for the delivery guys, and they were instructed to drop the crate inside the lounge room. The men struggled a bit to move the heavy crate around a corner and pushed and jostled Janice inside the box, ‘Lucky I’m strapped in!’ she thought. Then she felt them lay the crate down, and then silence as they left her there.

She waited several hours inside the crate, the house was peaceful and quiet and inside the crate only the shallow breathing of the doll that was Janice could faintly be heard. Janice felt her sexual desire start to diminish, she couldn’t do anything to satiate her desires anyway, the stiff doll suit and the straps wouldn’t allow her any movement. She would just have to wait for her owner like a good doll should, she thought.

Eventually her husband/owner returned home from work, when he walked into the house and checked the answering machine in the hallway, he found a message from Janice she'd pre-recorded it at the factory yesterday and they had made the call earlier today. As her husband played the message back he heard, Janice say that she hoped he enjoyed her present to him. Have fun playing with it, and enjoy the birthday gift from her, she would see him soon. He moved into the lounge not knowing what the gift was that Janice had spoken about, but then saw a large crate lying on the floor. On top of the crate was an envelope with a ribbon attached, he picked up the envelope and opened it, and it contained a card from Janice.

“Happy Birthday Darling!
Sorry I couldn’t be here but your very special present will make up for my absence. Please use it well and enjoy playing with it. She is all yours.
Your loving wife, Janice.”

Finding a screwdriver he started to open the crate, inside Janice can hear him and she is eager to see the look on his face when he saw the doll inside. Once the screws are removed he lifted the lid of the crate up and looked inside. His eyes opened wide when he sees the doll strapped inside the crate, not knowing that his wife was inside the doll. All he could see was the doll, his eyes taking in the sight of the naked doll’s body, only the straps hiding her flesh.

“OH wow, thanks darling, I’ve been wanting one of these for a while, I never had the courage to buy one.” He says out loud to an empty room, his excitement in finding the doll clouding his brain that he forgot that he was alone.

At that moment the telephone rang, he left the doll lying in the crate thinking that his wife was calling to see how he liked his new gift. Picking up the phone, he discovered the call was from one of his buddies wishing him a happy birthday and inviting out for a drink. The man thinking about what his wife had given him for his birthday he declined the offer, after some brief chat he hung up and moved back to the lounge.

He looked the doll over and reread the note to confirm that it was from his wife, he'd been after one of these dolls for some time and cannot believe his wife had bought him one. He then began to remove the straps holding the doll inside the crate, picking up the doll in his arms he carries it over to the sofa and placed it down, the doll stretched out laying there just as it was in the crate, the body stiff and in the same posture.

He moved the dolls legs around bending them into a sitting position, moving the legs up and bending the dolls back slightly so the doll remained sitting. Inside Janice was ecstatic, here she was just a doll, her husband/owner was moving her, carrying her from the crate and then placing her into a sitting position, she watched through the lens as he looked at every inch of her body as she remained seated on the lounge.

She was wondering what he would do first, she hoped that he would help with her burning need to have sex, the lube was still affecting her sexual arousal. His hands running over her silicone doll skin, as he cupped her soft breasts in his hands and began playing with her nipples. Janice felt every touch of his hands; they felt magnified by the suit, her nipples sending delightful signals to her brain and all the way down to her sex.

Janice could see the burning desire in his eyes, something that had been missing for a while it seems, as she had sensed a lack of something when they were making love. Her own burning need felt like a smoldering cauldron inside her. She felt overcome with sexual desires, her body more than ready for any sexual activity that her husband/owner did to her.

He also felt an overwhelming desire to have sex with this doll,  after all, it’s what she was made for, he reasoned, so why wait to sample the delights that the dolls body would provide him. His fingers then started to probe the dolls sex, feeling the outer folds give way to a wet epicenter, the vagina of the doll was well lubricated he thought.

He rolled the doll over so she’s face down in the sofa cushioning, he then started unzipping himself and proceeded to make the first use of the new doll, 'doggie style'. He enters the dolls pussy, pushing his erect member fully inside, he felt the tight walls of her sex embrace his penis, and also the warmth, which he doesn’t take any notice of and pounds away at the doll enjoying taking her from behind, it doesn’t take him long until he came inside the doll.

Janice felt him enter her, pushing himself into her warm, wet folds and the joyous tunnel of love beyond, she enjoys the feeling of him using her like this, taking her for his own pleasure, even though it doesn't take him long to climax. Janice was on the way to her own orgasm, but was thwarted when he came before her. Janice was still thrilled at what had happened and how he had used her, after all, she was now just his doll. An object for him to use.

Janice’s husband next laid the doll face down on the sofa and climbed on top of her. He began rubbing himself against the round, rear cheeks of the doll and soon he had his erection back, this time he entered her rear hole. The factory had injected plenty of lube inside her just for this eventuality and he slid in fairly easily.

Janice had experienced anal sex before, they had tried it on a few occasions, usually when they were both drunk, once she got over the initial pain and discomfort she usually settled down to enjoy the sensations of him using her this way. But this time the sensations were way more intense, she could feel the head of his penis moving in and out, she began to love the feelings she was getting from him taking her this way, it seemed raw and animalistic.

He soon climaxed again and Janice had a minor one herself, much to her surprise but her clitoris had been rubbing against the fabric of the sofa causing the little nub to send its delightful signals to her brain. His pounding her butt from behind, pushing her sex into the soft cushions below her. Janice was overwhelmed with the sensations of her own orgasm and momentarily blacked out.

After using the doll several times, he left her where she lie, half on and half off the sofa, as he went to refresh himself. Janice, as the doll, could not move, the firm skin coating her would not allow much movement. Janice had been enjoying herself so far and was wondering what else he had planned for her. Friday being a sports night on TV meant a couple of hours of games for him to watch. Janice normally left him to watch them, sometimes having a long soak in the tub, and idly playing with herself. However, her husband carried her out to the couch and set her up next to him, being in the dolls body she had to sit there and watch too.

Just then the doorbell rings and he lets one of his buddies inside to watch the games with him, he had invited him over earlier. His buddy spotted the doll and her husband explains that this was his wife’s birthday surprise gift to him. Then his friend starts to run his hands over the doll, feeling the doll's breasts and then makes some crude comments about dolls, women, their fuckholes and sex, her husband laughing along at the thing his friend was saying.

Later during a break in the sports, and after a few too many beers, her husband asks his friend if he would he like to try the doll out himself, thinking after all that’s what sex dolls were made for - sex. The friend readily agrees to try the doll, and soon he has the doll moved on to the floor, and without any foreplay is pumping away inside her whilst her husband/owner watches, laughing and encouraging his friend to 'fuck that pussy'.

Janice meanwhile is initially horrified at the thought of his friend using her, but she cannot do anything to stop him, she can’t move inside the suit with the thicker silicone covering her body, she can only lay there as this brute ravishes her body for his pleasure. Damn, Maggie had pressed the ‘Hard’ button on the machine she thought, 'I can't move my body, I'm stuck'.

To try and stop what was happening to her, she would have to reveal the fact that she was inside the doll, but she didn't want the experience to end so soon. She could call out she thought to let them know she was here. But Janice was enjoying being a doll and also being used by her husband/owner and now it seemed by his friend, and new events had taken over before she could act.

Janice was now on the floor and his friend was already inside her, she just lay there and let him use her, after all, she was just a doll. This is what dolls are made for, she reasoned in her mind, to be used by whoever her owner wanted to. I'm just a doll to them after all, an object for their sexual desires.

Both men then used the doll for their pleasure, taking the doll in each of its holes; placing the doll on its hands and knees, and then both using the doll at the same time, one entered her mouth and the other using her rear. They didn’t know that the doll contained a real human female, his wife was away or so he thought, there was no conceivable way that she would have been the doll, she was just a fuck toy for them to use, and they both seemed to get carried away using the doll.

Inside the suit something was changing in Janice’s mind. With the pounding of her sex, and the constant use by the two men, she was awash with sexual desire. The longing inside, and her own arousal was overcoming any resistance on her part. Janice’s mind was now becoming used to being a sexual object, she was just a sex toy for someone to use, she loved being just a doll, and being used by her owner.

story now continues in [part two](special_gift2.html)
o0o
