---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Still Life
authors:
- Tiny Sexy Girl
tags:
- F-f
- coin
- wish
- magic
- transform
- mannequin
- stand
- display
- window
- bodymod
- objectify
- stuck
- lesb
- climax
- cons
- X
---

This is how it happened.

Candi and I were relaxing around the house one night, not doing a
lot, just relaxing with a couple of glasses of wine and watching TV.
She’d been reading some trashy law novel, but after a couple of hours
she was two full glasses into a bottle and she’d lost interest. I
shouldn’t say she’d lost interest: it was more like she couldn’t follow
the plot. Candi had a tendency to get blasted and then get spacey and
bubbleheaded. I’ve seen her do some really dumb things when she was
half in the bag, and I personally felt she probably would have been
happy as some blond bimbo who didn’t have a care in the world.

She leaned back in the love seat and fanned herself. "Is it warm or is it me?"

"It’s you, Candi," I told her. I was sitting across the room dressed in my baby doll and panties, watching a rerun of *Law & Order*.

"Really?"

"It comes from drinking too much." She smiled. "Flush with heat, you know?"

She stretched. "I feel more like I’m flush with lust," she groaned.
I could believe that. Candi was about as horny a chick as any I’d ever
seen. We’d been dating for two years now, and her capacity for sex
appeared bottomless. Fucking any time, anywhere. She’d once started
fingering me at the local Costco while we were looking at the soup. If
she’d had the time I do believe she would have lifted my skirt, gotten
on her knees and ate me ‘til I came if she thought she could do it
without getting us both thrown in the joint.

"I don’t doubt it, Candi. It’s probably been—what? Three hours since
we’ve had sex?" She’d walked in on me when I was taking a shower and
sorta… forced me to have an orgasm. There hadn’t been a lot of
forcing, though.

"Seems like it’s been forever," she said, giggling.

I grinned again. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not a prude. I remember
once in high school, in my junior year, I’d been sucking off this guy
(yes, there was a time when I did guys on a regular basis) in the guy’s
locker room and… well, you can probably guess. Let’s just say I
had to do things to keep the story in the room, and my mouth was pretty
tired by the time I got home that night.

Anyway… I was just as horny as Candi some of the time. I was
more circumspect about where I had sex—usually in the bedroom… or
living room… or dining room—but when I was ready to fuck, I didn’t
want anyone getting in my way. I got up and began slinking my way
across the room. "Oh, it does, does it? And what are you in the mind to
do?"

Candi had a strange look on her face. I knew that look it meant she
wanted to do something really kinky. What did she like that was kinky?
Everything short of having someone take a shit on her, and I had my
doubts about whether or not she’d done scat before we met. As far as
what we’ve done? Tying up, spanking, plastic wrap bondage, corsets,
anal, oral, latex, leather, piss games, mistress/sub shit… you
name it, we’d played with it.

"Uh, well…" She was really hesitant about telling me, and I was
a little afraid about what she might want. I wondered how weird a thing
she might have in mind. Up until now the strangest thing we’d ever was
suck off this tranny friend of hers, and then after he/she came a
couple of times we did a little nut cutting and made them a lot closer
to being a she than a he.

"I was wondering… if you’d like me to turn you into a. . . mannequin?"

I almost laughed. "What are you talking about?"

"If I had a way to turn you into a mannequin, would you let me?"

I didn’t know where this shit was coming from. Turn me into a
mannequin? Oh, yeah, sure. Candi was tripping again. "How you gonna do
that, honey?"

She got up and went to the closet and got her purse. She pulled a
coin out, a gold coin that wasn’t one of those gold dollars ones that
had been put out years before; no, this was different, a little larger
and much brighter. "With this," she told me.

"I suppose that’s a magic coin, right?" I was giggling this time.

She put the coin down. "Yep."

"And how do you know that?"

"I was told by this guy in a magic store down on Venture Avenue—"

"The place that sells all the fucked up voodoo shit?"

She nodded. "That’s the one."

I stood there and put my hands on my hips. "And how much did you get ripped off for, honey?"

"That’s the sweet part." She looked like a little girl, all happy
and bubbly. "I wasn’t ripped off. I got it for $4.95. Plus tax."

"Five bucks?" Well, a rip off is a rip off, but five bucks isn’t
what I’d call a huge robbery. I was thinking more along the lines of
Candi getting taken for a couple of hundred. "Okay, so I guess you
weren’t hit up that bad…."

"So it’s okay if I change you?"

"You’re serious about this?" That was a rhetorical question, ‘cause I could see that she was serious about it.

Candi nodded. "Yeah, damn straight."

"Why do you want to do that?"

"Because… I got this fantasy… a fetish, I guess. I’d just
like to see you… all hard and plastic… rubbin’ ya and licking
you—" She was getting visibly excited. "I’m sorry if you think it’s
fucked up, but I’d like to do it."

I did think it was a little fucked up, but hey, I like having Candi
dress in thigh-high boots with six inch heels and then lick every inch
of them while she’s masturbating, so who was I to get into her ass
about something strange? "So, how would you do it?"

"I pick up the coin and make a wish."

Seemed real simple. "That’s it?"

"That’s what I was told." She looked at the coin. "’Course you have to make sure you make the right wish—"

"What do you mean?"

"Well, if I pick up the coin and say, ‘I wish Nora was a mannequin,’
then you’d change into a mannequin and you’d stay one forever and ever."

"That’d suck."

"Yeah, I bet it would. But, if I were to say, ‘I wish Nora would
stay a mannequin for the next thirty days, starting now,’ then you’d
only stay that way for thirty days and that would be it."

I had a feeling that wasn’t the wish she was going to make, though. "And what wish are you going to make, Candi?"

"You don’t trust me?"

I raised one eyebrow. "I think I do… I just don’t want to end up some fuckin’ piece of plastic for like a year, you know?"

"Yeah, I know."

"So?"

Candi was less than forthcoming about what she had in mind, and I didn’t like that. "I was thinkin’…."

"Yeah?"

"That I could change you back and forth when I wanted."

"Like… make me a mannequin when you were in the mood, and change me back to human when you were done with me?"

"Yep."

That also sounded a little fishy. I wasn’t sure Candi was capable of
coming up with a wish that detailed. I was pretty sure she’d fuck
something up along the way, and before I knew it I’d be standing in the
bedroom modeling this baby doll nightgown for the rest of my—existence.
I could be wrong, but… I didn’t think so.

Then again, it was all bullshit anyway. She was gonna wish me into
some kind of glamorous mannequin so she could have kinky sex with me?
Hey, sure, take your best shot.

"Okay, Candi," I said. "You wanna do this, go right ahead. Lets see what happens."

Candi grinned, then picked up her purse and pulled out a piece of
paper. She unfolded it, then picked up the coin. Apparently she’d given
this wish thing considerable thought if she’d went to the trouble of
writing it out.

She cleared her throat and said, "I wish that whenever the phrase
‘Nora, hard’ is uttered, Nora will transform into a mannequin that is
aware of her surroundings and can both give and receive extreme sexual
pleasure, and whenever the phrase ‘Nora, real’ is uttered, Nora will
transform back into her normal, human self." And with that she lowered
the paper and stared at me. "Okay, it’s done."

I didn’t feel a damn bit different. Not that I expected anything to
change after Candi’s legalistic declaration. "Cool. So what—"

"Nora, hard."

I never finished my sentence.

It was like the moment Candi finished speaking I froze. I couldn’t
move anything. Not my arms, my head, even my eyes. I didn’t feel like I
was breathing. I couldn’t talk, but I could see and hear without a
problem. I could also feel—and it felt like something was poking me in
the back.

I also felt… aroused. I mean aroused. I hadn’t felt like this
since I’d been like 16 years old. I was horny—steamy, hot, freakin’
starvin’ for sex horny. My entire body was like that; just one huge
arousal point. I wanted to touch myself, but I couldn’t. I couldn’t
move, and I really needed to do something….

Candi walked over to me. She looked like she’d just come face to
face with a ghost. "Holy shit," she whispered before running her hand
over my breasts. The feel of her skin through my nightgown—Christ, I
thought I was going to die. It was every touch there I’d ever had all
at one time and magnified a thousand-fold. I should have screamed and
passed out, but I didn’t. Well, I did, but it was like all going on in
my head. Nothing out loud. I didn’t understand it.

I could barely hear Candi when she said, "Nora, real," but in the
seconds after she did I slumped to my knees moaning loudly. "God…
DAMN, that was good!" I was rubbing my tits without even thinking about
while Candi looked on, open-mouthed.

"You—you—" she stammered.

"I was cuming my brains out, baby, that’s what I was doing!" I rose slowly to my feet. "What happened?"

"You changed?"

"What are you talking about?" I was still getting the orgasms out of
my body, so I wasn’t much listening to what Candi was saying.

She grabbed me by then hand and led me up the stairs to our bedroom.
When we got there she pulled out a pair of my really sexy heeled pumps
and said, "Put these on."

"Why?"

"Just do it, please?"

Just to humor her I did as she asked. "Now what—"

Candi put my hands up so that I cupped my breasts. I was about to ask her why when she said, "Nora, hard."

And just like before I was unable to move—and in ecstasy.

I was dimly aware that Candi had gotten out the digital camera and
was snappy pictures of me. I didn’t give a damn: I felt so good that
everything else was way below secondary. I couldn’t move? So what? I
just felt… magnificent. Why would I want to move?

It seemed like I was frozen for a long time. I couldn’t actually
tell. There was a clock on the nightstand next to where I slept, and it
seemed like some forty-five minutes went by before I heard Candi say, "Nora, real." Just like before I came out of my stupor moaning like
crazy. "What the fuck is happening?" I asked. "Not that I mind, but
goddamn—"

"You got to see this." Candi looked like she was about to piss her panties.

She took me by the hand into the spare bedroom where she kept her
laptop. She’d downloaded the pictures from the camera and had them up
on the screen. Candi started pointing at the pictures. "Look!"

I did. All the pictures were of me.

But I didn’t look right.

I sat and looked at one more closely. Yep, it was me, but… I
looked all plastic like. I could see that my face looked like I’d had
makeup painted on. I didn’t have any nipples. There were seams on parts
of my body, like I was designed to be taken apart.

And there was this matter of this metal pole sticking out of my ass….

Candi smiled. "I guess my wish worked, huh?"

\* \* \* \*

I spent most of the weekend as Candi’s personal dressing dummy.
Never mind that nothing I wore could fit her: it was the chance to use
me as a dress-up doll that turned her on. And me. God, I was outta my fuckin’ mind by the middle of Saturday with all the touching and
rubbing and… well, you get the idea.

When Candi released me (made me "real") on Sunday night, I just
collapsed in a heap. I was weak from all the stimulation I’d received.
It was like I’d been involved in a non-stop sex fest for almost 48
hours. When I could move I got up and hugged Candi and told her, "Don’t
do that to me too often."

She said she wouldn’t, but she was smiling that evil little smile
she sometimes gives me when she wants me to know she had a great time.

\* \* \* \*

Monday and Tuesday went by in a blur. As I slaved away at my job (I
was a dental hygienist, oh, yeah, very exciting) I tried to keep my
mind off what had transpired over the weekend. It was difficult, but I
managed to get through the day without thinking about it a lot.

I’d get home, though… shit, I was no sooner through the door
than I’d hear, "Nora, hard," and I was stuck fast. Monday night Candi
just played with me. Tuesday… as soon as I was frozen I heard
Candi say, "Let see how much like a real mannequin you are," right
before she started taking me apart. Let me tell ya, that was freaky.
She broke me down into all my basic parts, then spread me out all over
the living room floor—then left me there for an hour or so before she
started putting me back together. Nothing said, "You’re an object" like
lying on the floor in pieces. Still sexually excited, mind you, but in
pieces.

After Candi wished me back into reality I got an idea. "Do me a favor?"

"What’s that?"

"Make me a mannequin again, then remove my legs and see if you can make me real again."

Candi didn’t like the sound of that. Obviously, that had never been
part of her wish, and if she tried to make me real without my legs
attached… "I don’t know; that could kill you," she said. She
sounded very worried. "You might just come out of it with bloody stumps
and blood squirting everywhere."

"Which you could stop by wishing me back into a mannequin right
away," I told her. After a little more discussion Candi agreed to do
it, but only if I sat in the bathtub. In case I started bleeding out all
over the place.

She changed me the moment I was comfortable, then removed both my legs. She took a big gulp of air, then said, "Nora, real."

I can’t tell you how I felt.

I could feel my legs. They weren’t attached—no, they were lying on
the bathroom floor behind Candi, still bent, still plastic. But my body
… all of it was real. My legs, however, ended in stumps right where
the separation seams had been when I’d been a mannequin. I reached down
and felt them. They were completely smooth and flat, unlike anything a
doctor would have done.

Candi eyes were as wide as plates. "Mother-fucker," she mumbled. She
quickly changed me back into a mannequin and reattached my legs, then
changed me back. All whole this time. She hugged me and said he liked
me this way better than missing parts….

\* \* \* \*

It was Thursday after work, and I was at the mall heading over to
Frederick’s to get a new baby doll and maybe… a few other things.
Candi liked it when I brought home new thongs and peek-a-boo bras and
other items like that. I didn’t mind it, either. Hell, she bought me a
$900 leather corset for Christmas, so I figured I owed it to her to
keep her sexually amused.

I started out looking at the nightgowns, but before I got too far a
dress caught my eye, so I pulled it off the rack. It was short and
looked tight (it was made of Lycra) and had a shimmering metallic blue
sheen. It looked like a perfect party dress—or one that would drive
Candi nuts and make her wanna rape me with good ‘ol Mr. Strap-on.

I took the dress into the changing room and started slipping out of
my clothes. I never wore my dental whites out when I was going
somewhere other than home, so I was wearing a nice pullover, a
knee-length skirt and black heels. I left my undies and heels on and
pulled the dress on over my body.

I turned to look at myself in the mirror. Yeah, the dress was really
tight, but nice as hell on me. It made my breasts look really good. I
went to put my hands on my hips—

And I froze.

I never saw the change, even though I was looking in the mirror. One
minute I was "me", and the next I was this mannequin who looked just
like me, only I was plastic and really "human" looking. And I had a
support rod sticking out of my crotch holding me up.

The first thought I had was "Holy fuck!" I’d never seen myself like this, except in photos. So it was a bit startling.

The second thought I had was… how?

Candi wasn’t here. She didn’t say anything. So how did I change? I
didn’t understand it. Maybe there was something in the wish that had
gone wrong, something neither of us caught. Fuck it, it didn’t really
matter, ‘cause here I was stuck in a Frederick’s changing room (and how
fucking ironic is that?), not a living person but a mannequin. Wearing
their outfit.

I was getting a bad feeling about what might happen.

After a while, maybe five minutes, there was a knock on the door. I
heard, "Miss, miss?" a couple of times, then a few minutes later there
was the rattling of keys in a lock. The door opened and one of the
sales girls, a Latino chick in a leather skirt, looked in. She was
surprised: she’d expected to find a real like person in here, and
instead she found a mannequin. "What the fuck?" she mumbled before
calling, "Hey, Ronnie?"

I heard another girl go, "Yeah?"

"Come here." In a moment a blond girl with very, very short hair walked into view.

"What the fuck is this?" the Latino chick asked.

Ronnie, the blond girl, shrugged. "I don’t know. A mannequin?"

"No shit." The Latino girl looked a little pissed. "What’s it doin’ in here?"

"How the hell do I know?" Ronnie said. "I didn’t put it in here."

"Well, you’re the dresser, honey. I’m figurin’—"

"You figure wrong, Veronica."

There was a moment of silence while the two girls stared each other
down. Finally Veronica said, "Well, get it the hell out of the dressin’
room, ‘kay?"

Ronnie nodded and walked into the room. She looked down on the floor and noticed my clothes. "Hey, someone was in here—"

"Waddya mean?"

"Look here." Ronnie picked up my clothes—and my purse—and held them for Veronica to see. "This was on the floor."

Veronica took my stuff. "Okay, I’ll take care of this," she said. "Just get this thing outta here, fast."

"Right-o," Ronnie said, softly adding "bitch" after Veronica walked
away. "Okay, you," she said. "You tryin’ to get me into trouble? How
the hell did you get in here?" Ronnie got one hand on my stand and
another around my waist and carefully lifted me up. I certainly didn’t
weigh the 124 pounds I normally weigh, so the girl was able to move
me without a problem. She did move slowly, though: it was apparent she
didn’t want me to come apart. Neither did I. I thought that would be
bad if I came apart and… broke.

Ronnie set me down in the back room and left. I had time to think
and time to hope that I'd snap out of this and return to normal. Of
course, were that to happen I’d have to explain how I’d come to be in
the back room of Frederick’s with a couple of other mannequins, wearing
a dress I’d been trying on in the changing room. I’d also have to
explain how I’d become a mannequin… fuck that. No one would
believe that story.

In a way I hoped I didn’t change back to the "real" me while the store was open.

Hours seemed to go by. It’s hard to tell when you’re like this,
because… well, I can’t really explain it. When you’re just an
object time doesn’t mean a hellova lot. It’s just there. You only seem
to get some sense of time when people are around. On your own it just
doesn’t seem to be that big of a deal.

Eventually Ronnie came and started taking me apart. She removed my
arms, then pulled off my hair. I hadn’t expected that one, but it only
made sense that I was wearing a wig and that I didn’t have "real" hair.
My head followed my hair, and I was laid where I could see Ronnie (who
had a really cute butt) all through the process of disassembling me.
It was sort of freaky, let me tell you. When she was done she walked
out with the stand, then came back a few minutes later, put all my
parts in a box, and hauled me out.

I couldn’t see much, not with my head in the box like it was. I
could hear things being put together—and, strangely enough, I could feel
it as well. I could feel each and every part of me, whether I was as a
whole or in a bunch of pieces. I felt my torso, my hips, arms, hands,
legs… all of them being assembled.

And I could feel the outfit on my body. Stockings, shoes, lace
gloves, probably a bra and panty sleep set with a very sheer cover.
Something I’d seen displayed in Frederick’s window before—only now I was gonna be the one displaying it.

Finally Ronnie put my head on, then slapped my hair back on my head.
She stepped before me and gave me a final few adjustments. "Pretty
fuckin’ hot if I should say so," she mumbled. "I just wish I knew where
you came from. And who’s fucking with me." I wanted to tell her, but
it’s impossible to speak when you’re made of plastic!

She finally gave me a pat on the shoulder. "See you in the morning," she said. And with that I was finally alone in the window.

Alone in the window. On display.

Talk about your Twilight Zone shit.

I started thinking that something had gone horribly wrong with the
wish. I mean, I was stuck now as a mannequin, and Candi hadn’t been
around to change me in the first place, so now how the hell was I going
to let her know that I was in the window of a local story modeling
lingerie? If she didn’t know that I was here, I couldn’t get changed
back. I couldn’t go back to being Nora. I was going to end up being at
the mercy of Ronnie’s tender mercies for the rest of my—

And then I stumbled back out of the window.

I almost went on my ass: partially because I was stepping back off a
raised dais, partially because I was wearing fucking platform heels that
were made for stripping, but mostly because I had been cuming non-stop
for hours, and I was so goddamn weak in the legs. I caught myself
before I went down, but it took me a good minute to gather my strength
and let loose with a hearty "Fuck me," before standing.

There was a clock behind the counter: the time was 11:17 PM. Shit.
I’d walked in here around 5:30. Almost six hours. I went behind the
counter. I found my purse but no clothes. My wallet was in my purse;
the credit cards were there, but the $50 I’d walked in with was
missing, big fuckin’ surprise, huh?

My cell was also in my purse. I hit the speed dial. Candi picked up after two rings. "Hello?" She sounded a little blasted.

"What the fuck is going on?" I couldn’t help but sound a little bothered.

"NORA! Where the hell are you?"

"I’m standing in the middle of Frederick’s in a goddamn lacy outfit that I was wearing IN A WINDOW!"

There was a long pause. "You were.…. a mannequin?"

"Yeah!"

Another pause. "Oh, shit… I didn’t think…."

"Think what, Candi?"

"I think you better come home. Like now." There was a hint of panic in her voice.

I nodded. "Yeah. I should be home in about twenty minutes." I
snapped the cell shut and started rummaging through the backroom
looking for my clothes. After ten minutes I couldn’t find them, but I
sure as shit didn’t want to spend the night hanging out here, so I
pulled down a red dress (that would match the stockings and shoes),
deactivated it and slipped it on, then headed out the back door after
turning off the alarm. I didn’t think about whether I’d be nabbed by
mall security—though I did wonder what Ronnie would think when she
showed up for work in the morning and saw I was gone. I really hoped
she didn’t get fired.

\* \* \* \*

To my surprised I made it out of the mall and to my car. Fifteen
minutes later I was pulling into the garage. I wasn’t as furious as I
had been on the phone, but I was still steamed.

"Okay, Candi," I said as I walked into the living room, "We gotta figure out—"

Candi gapped open-mouthed and pointed at me. "Your HAIR!"

I stopped dead in my tracks. I knew was she was talking about. I headed for the downstairs bathroom and looked in the mirror.

My hair wasn’t dirty blond anymore; it was a curly, brilliant red.

It was the wig I’d been wearing. Only now it was my hair.

It took us about an hour to figure out what happened:

Candi told me that she’d been on the way home from work and had been
day dreaming about what she’d like to do to me. She says once she was
home she "thought" she might have uttered that phrase. If so, it would
have been about the time I was changing and getting changed.

Candi said she didn’t think anything about it. When I didn’t show up
she started to get worried, and considered calling the police. (After
having a couple of glasses of wine, natch.) She then indicated that she
might have said, "Nora, real" or something like that sometime after
11:00 PM—which would coincide with when I changed back.

We looked over the wish as she’d written it out. I’d been forming a
suspicion about Candi’s wish, and yep, here it was in black and white.
I’d change whenever the phrase was uttered. Nothing about Candi being
around me or anything—all she had to do was say the magic words and
Bang! I’m a mannequin.

"Oh, this is fucking great." I threw the paper down in disgust. "Now I could change anytime!"

"Yeah," was all Candi said. She wasn’t looking at me.

"Do you realize just how fucked you’ve made my life?"

Candi looked like she was on the verge of tears. "Well, you told me to go ahead and make the wish!"

"Only because I thought it was bullshit!"

"Guess you were wrong!"

I didn’t want to get into an argument, not now. There was no point.
This wish thing was done and now… "Wait a minute." I stared
looking around the room. "Where’s that coin?"

"What coin?"

"The goddamn magic coin you were holding when you made your wish? That gold coin?"

"Oh… that." Now Candi appeared frightened. I knew I wasn’t going to like her answer. "It disappeared."

"Huh? Come again?"

"It just sorta… vanished." She shrugged. "I couldn’t find it."

"You set it down on the entertainment center, didn’t you?"

"Yeah. And it was gone five minutes later."

I sighed. Great. No chance to make a second wish and try and counter
this shit. I touched my hair. "And what about this shit?" My hair was
pretty much a light fire red now. And long and curly.

"I think… when you changed back that became part of your body."

"No shit."

"Well, what do you want me to do?" Tears were leaking down Candi’s cheeks. "I didn’t know that would happen!"

And neither did I. The truth was we were both responsible for what
happened. Sure, I was taking the brunt of it, but if I hadn’t just
blown off Candi’s "wish" at a load of crap, I wouldn’t have found
myself in my current predicament.

Before we went to bed the law was laid down: Candi was not to say
those words without me being at least in the house with her. The last
thing I needed was to be working with the dentist and suddenly have him
find his assistant was a mannequin.

Not to mention anything else that might happen when I was out and about….

I had a hard time convincing the people I worked with that I’d had
my hair permed and colored, as well as having extensions put in. I got
a lot of "Uh, huh, bullshit," looked, but what was I going to do? I
just ignored the snickers about my new ‘do (I heard one girl whisper
that it looked like I had "whore hair") and went on with my life.

Things got almost back to normal. Candi held up her end of the deal
and made sure she didn’t say the magic words when I wasn’t around. Of
course when I was around things were different. Once she got over being
upset with my accidental transformation, the little bitch was changing
me into a mannequin all the time. And to be honest I was digging it.
Getting changed, that is. And dressed. At least Candi did fix my hair
by getting me a wig that was very close to my original hair and changed
me back while it was on. So that was nice.

We spent the next couple of months like that. It was getting where
Candi almost always had me "stiff" when we were alone. I think she
actually preferred me that way, the kinky little slut. I wasn’t about
to let her know that I was enjoying it as well. I mean, shit, I was in
a constant state of arousal all the while, and it was getting very
addictive. There were a couple of times where Candi kept me frozen for
more than a day, and it was all I could do to keep from begging to be
changed back when I came out of that state. Okay, so I was turning into
a mannequin junkie. Sue me.

\* \* \* \*

I went by Frederick’s about three months after I’d been mounted
there. I bought a couple of things and, just for shits and giggles,
asked if Ronnie was around. I’d been told that she was no longer there,
but she was now working at a boutique on the other side of the mall. I
went to check it out, because I felt sorta… well, bad, that I’d
caused Ronnie grief. I mean, shit, how would she explain how the
mannequin she dressed the night before wasn’t in the window now?

I found the place. It was one of those shops that had sprung up in
the last few years catering to women from 16 to 35 who were interested
in looking hip and sexy. All the mannequins in the window were in short
skirts and low-cut tops and crop pants and high heeled pumps and boots.
Sort of the stuff I’d wear if I had a little more money.

I went in and started checking things out. The stuff was nice and
very high quality. I saw a leather skirt and looked really smart and a
tank top that would go great with it. I was a little nervous about
going in and trying the outfit on —remembering what happened last
time— but I shook the thought out of my head. I changed without a
problem, and walked outside to look at myself in the mirror. I was
hot—well, always was. If I could afford about $350 for this outfit I’d
look a lot hotter.

I started to walk over by where the shoes were. I thought a nice set
of fuck me pumps would go great with this. "Let’s check it out, Nora," I said.

And then I froze.

What the fuck? I was sure Candi didn’t say anything. I know I didn’t. Well, I did say "Nora," but I didn’t say hard after that—

And then it hit me: maybe I didn’t have to.

Could it be that in the seconds after I said Nora someone in the
store said "hard". I didn’t hear anything, but… but, shit, why
even confine myself to the store? Someone anywhere in the world might
have said "hard" right after I said my name. The wish Candi had written
out spoke of the phrase being spoken—

It made no mention of it being spoken by the same person.

Oh, Christ, I was totally screwed if that were the case. With
billions of people all speaking at the same time, the odd were that
somewhere the phrase "Nora, hard" would be spoken by any number of
people. It was only by sheer chance that I hadn’t changed already.

Or maybe I would have. It was possible that during those times Candi
had transformed me someone had spoken the magic word, but since I
already was a mannequin….

I’d have sighed if it were possible.

I don’t know how much time went by —maybe fifteen minutes— before I
saw Ronnie appear before me. She was holding my purse, and I could see
something going on behind her eyes. Was she thinking, "I’ve seen this
before?" Could be.

Ronnie picked me up and carried me and my purse into the back room
then left, taking my purse with her, and leaving me to ponder my
situation once more. It was the middle of the day, a Saturday. Normally
I’d expect Candi to change me back once she realized I wasn’t coming
home—or so one would hope.

There was only one problem: Candi wasn’t home.

A couple of friends from work had invited her to go along with then
to Las Vegas, and Candi wasn’t the sort of girl who could say no. They
were making a very long weekend of it; she wouldn’t be home until
Wednesday night. She had no way of knowing I was stuck in a store, once
more a mannequin. I didn’t imagine she’d figure out that I wasn’t
picking up the phone because I was a plastic girl.

My only other hope was that the phrase that would change me back
would be spoken by someone in the world. The odds were it would happen.
But how long would it take? A day? A few days? A week? A month. I had
no idea.

Then Ronnie was back. She started taking me apart, but this time
there was a smile on her face, the sort that I’d seen Candi wear. The
kind that said, I’m having some fun. Oh, damn. I didn’t know what that
could mean. But I was going to do what about it? Not a goddamn thing.

I was eventually put in a box and hauled out front. Ronnie began
dressing me: knee socks, boots, a pleated skirt, and a really, really
tight white knit sleeveless pullover. Something felt funny as far as
the top was concerned, but I couldn’t put my finger on it. She finally
got a wig on me—a very long one from the feel of it—and topped me off
with a beret.

And there I was, on display, with a mall-full of people walking by.

When I’d been in this position before it had been nighttime; the
mall was empty and time seemed to go by quickly. Now, with people
looking at me, it was as if I could feel every second tick off on the
clock. When I wasn’t feeling like I was going to have the biggest
orgasm I’d ever had in my life, that is. The feeling was just…
incredible. After an hour or so I didn’t give a shit that I was stuck
in a mall window. I just wanted more of what I was experiencing. It was
tremendous, this sensation that kept coming and coming and….

It at least helped the time pass. Before I knew it the mall’s lights
started coming on, then the crowds started to thin out, and eventually
everything went dark and I was alone. Well, alone in the sense that I
was the only "person" there. Who was a mannequin, that is.

The thing was, I wasn’t all that upset. I wasn’t completely enjoying
my stay, but at the same time I was like… I don’t know. It was
like when Candi would keep me like this for a day; I’d get used to it,
enjoy the sensual feeling of being a plastic object, and sorta go with
the flow. Loving the sensations that flowed through my body. It was
almost better than real sex—

"Nora, real."

I went weak in the knees, but stayed on my feet. I leaned against
the display window, gasping for air. "Christ, Candi, how the fuck did
you find me?" I asked. I began turning around. "And what time—"

Ronnie was standing there, astonishment all over her face. "Fuck me," was all she said.

I stepped down from where I’d been on display. I tried to look nonchalant. "Ronnie. How you doing?"

"Oh, pretty good." She looked me up and down. "Considering just a
moment ago you were a mannequin, I’d say things are going great."

"Yeah, well…" I had no words for her comment. "Yeah. I am. Was." I shrugged. "What can I say? How did you find out?"

"Well, I remembered you from the last time," she said. "So I took
your driver’s license out of your wallet." She held up a set of keys.
"And your keys. And your cell." She put the keys in her purse. "I went
over to your place and did a little looking around." She pulled the
paper that Candi had written her wish upon out. "I found this."

I nodded. "Oh, yeah."

She folded up the paper and put it back. "This is all from a wish?"

"Yeah." I smiled. "Sucks, doesn’t it?"

"I don’t know…" Ronnie had that look in her eye again. "What’s it like?"

Oh, shit, she wanted to know? What the hell was this? "I cum a lot," I told her. "I’m like totally excited all the time."

Ronnie moved a little closer to me. Up close I could better see that
she was turned on. "I know I liked dressing you and stuff." That made
sense. Part of the wish is that I’d bring pleasure to whoever was with
me.

She reached up and pulled on my hair. "That wig… it became part of you," she said with amazement.

"That happens, yeah."

Ronnie giggled. "You have no idea what you look like, do you?"

"No, I don’t." Ronnie took me by the hand and quickly led me over to
the three-way mirrors. As I was pulled along I knew my body had somehow
changed—

The mirror confirmed it.

I wasn’t blond, I wasn’t a redhead: my hair was a bright neon pink
that reached all the way to my ass. My torso seemed shorter and my legs
longer. My breasts… no wonder the top seemed tight on me. I’d went
from being a little B cup to at least a very full D cup. I twisted
around. My waist seemed smaller and my hips wider, and I seemed to have
a much rounder ass. Fuck. There was nothing about me that was the same
except for my head and my arms and hands… well, my head and my
arms. My fingers were very slim and the nails looked like inch-long
claws.

"What did you **do** to me?" I almost screamed.

"I put you together with other parts," Ronnie said. "Mixed and matched you. I wanted to see what you’d look like."

"Well, now you know!" I was getting a very bad feeling in the pit of my stomach. "I’m not a dressing dummy, okay?"

"How did Candi do it?" she asked. Ronnie began touching me.

"She had this coin that she said would make her wish come true." As
much as I wanted to, I didn’t pull away from her. "She used that."

"Really." She put her arm around my waist and snuggled in close to
me. I was starting to pant a little. I couldn’t help myself. "I
wouldn’t mind someone making a wish like this on me."

"Don’t. You don’t really mean that." I put my arm around Ronnie’s
waist, pulling her in. "You don’t want to be at the mercy of others."

Ronnie kissed me. She was gentle, she was slow and tender and
sensual as hell. She broke the embrace. "Do you think you’re at my
mercy?" she asked.

I nodded. "You know my secret. You can do anything you want to me."

She stepped back. "I read Candi’s journal. All she wants is a fuck toy. All she wants is a dummy that gets her off."

"And what do you want?" I asked.

"I want to know how to **be** you."

I was a bit shocked. "You want… this?"

Ronnie nodded. "Yep. Just like you. Be able to have you do to me what I can do to you."

"What anyone can do to me."

"Well… we’ll worry about that later, okay?" She kissed me
again, then gave me that wicked smile I felt I was gonna come to know
very well. "Nora, hard."

And I froze.

16.06.06

story continues in [**Still Life 2 - Changing Parts**](still_life2.html)

o0o
