---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Special Ways, The Special Times
authors:
- Chas M
tags:
- M/f
- F/m
- scarves
- bond
- bfold
- gag
- tease
- oral
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2013-04-21 00:00:00
---

She was aware from the beginning of their dating that he had an affinity for scarves. When she wore them with her various outfits she had detected a noticeable change in him, even a clear fascination with her on those occasions.

After they had been married for a while he often would blindfold her with one of her scarves and then slowly and sensually arouse her with his lips, tongue, fingers and the scarf’s fabric before making the “Beast with Two Backs” that took her to many climaxes. She too began to echo his erotic fascination to use the scarves to heighten the arousal. While he was away on business once, she even had piled her scarves on the bed, blindfolded herself and then teased herself with the silk to an orgasmic conclusion.

Once, maybe it was twice, the scarves had been used to tie her hands and feet to the corners of the bed. Maybe it was bad timing; maybe it was her fear of totally losing control that had made her nervous and apprehensive at this activity that resulted in less than the usual pleasure for her.

For him it was a surprise then that one evening when she whispered in his ear “I haven’t been your toy for a long time.” This was music to his ears and he knew that she was saying “Blindfold me, tease me, use me, enjoy me.”

A pre-folded scarf was deftly drawn from the drawer of the night stand next to the bed. In the dim light of two lit candles she saw the red, gold and white colors of the Hermes scarf as it came towards her eyes and then induced a cool, soft blackness. His fingers and lips started to produce their magical effect as her traced designs on her neck, the angles and features of the uncovered portions of her face and the top curves of her breasts.

Her reaction was first a low moaning pant that she knew in her mind would soon be changing to "ohs" and the pleading "Yes, yes, yes."

She had not detected his movements to obtain a second scarf, the black and tan Ferragamo that he had given her as a gift on the two month anniversary of their first date. He had now completed folding it on the bias and then tied a single overhand knot in the middle. When the opportune moment presented itself, he slid the knot into her mouth and secured the gag behind her head and then resumed the tactile stimulation of her skin. The shouts and words were now moans and grunts in the fabric but their expression of pleasure and delight were no less clear. Her excitement was also his. His teasing shifted farther down on her torso. Her thighs, tummy and genitals were soon the focus of his interest. Many minutes later he lifted her legs towards the ceiling and plunged himself deep into her. This produced her third and fourth orgasms that were no less fabulous that the first two.

Eventually, he fell off to sleep after they had enjoyed the afterglow in each other’s arms. The questions popped into her head, “Would he like to receive it as much as he likes to give it?”

Her decision to act was made a few days later. All afternoon her thoughts had dwelt on what to do, when to do it, which scarves would be his (and her) favorites? Would she try to do this step by step or just go for the grand slam all at once? The less she fretted, the more clear the images of what she wanted to do came more clear to her.

When he came through the door that evening he looked tired.

“Let me give you a backrub.” she offered.

He was in no mood to disagree so they went to the bedroom, stripped him down to his under shorts and plopped down on the cardinal red sheets.

“Turn away on your side.” she suggested.

Her warm breasts almost melted holes in his back as she snuggled up against his back and whispered, “Please do as I ask.”

What lover would argue with that?

It came as a shock to him as she wrapped the folded Hermes, her newest in white and navy, across his eyes and used her Girl Scout training to tie it firmly at the back of his head as he had done so often with her.

“Lie back.” Was the next request she made of him.

He had intended to say, “This is marvelous.” But as the first syllable escaped his mouth she stuffed a wadded up Gucci in and secured it with a green and gold Ferragamo, muffling his words to a guttural moan.

Now he was hers to use.

“Keep your hands out to the side or you’ll be trussed up like my sextoy.” she said.

More of her scarves came out from their hiding places and were used to touch and tease his skin. She took an oblong yellow and blue scarf and lightly cupped the top of his now-engorged cock in it and then slowly drew it back and forth on the most sensitive part of his manhood. Though they had never used a cock ring before, she seized this opportunity to see what would happen with another adaptable ligature was used.

He felt her lips and mouth sliding over his manhood but could not tell that she was also making a couple of wraps around his cock and balls with her silver and black Versace. She slowly backed off with her lips and drew the knot down tight to complete her capture.

He fretted and moaned and made attempted hip thrusts into the air, hoping to make some contact with her.

She made a little smile as he grew and he became larger and the veins engorged. The head of his cock seemed to be larger than she had seen before and she sensed that it was begging to be teased and enjoyed. A few long, soft strokes with three scarves in her hands even excited her. It was too good to wait any longer.

She could feel her juices oozing from her womanhood as she gagged herself and then took a large cranberry oblong for her own blindfold.

A few moments later she straddled over her subdued and seduced husband and dropped her wanting cunt onto him. Their rhythm and tempo rose. She lost track of the pulses from within her. He pumped hard and strong as he had never done before.

Sometime later, when the climax had ebbed, they awoke in each other’s arms; still both blindfolded and gagged and deeply in love.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=811.0)
