---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/jenni_sam02.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Jenni and Sam, favor returned
authors:
- Kurt
tags:
- F/f, bond
- scarves
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2005-11-05 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Jenni and Sam, the beginning**](jenni_sam01.html))

Jenni and Sam, favor returned by Kurt
**Chapter 2: Jenni tries to return the
favor**

CLICK!!

Jenni looked in the mirrors surrounding her and watched each click. 
She certainly didn’t move very much for each click, it seemed to her. 
At this rate it could take hours to hit bottom.  The foam ball in
her mouth was certainly doing its job, every movement she made to compress
it and gain some movement in her mouth was taken back cruelly the instant
she relaxed her muscles.  And the hood was no help at all.  It
was a work of art, Jenni noticed sadly.  The Sweet Gwen-style hood
left one oval-shaped opening for her nose and eyes, and that was it. Sam
must have had it custom made, the blue silk fit so closely. And it was
pretty, too.  The bright blue silk of the hood with the darker blue
silk piping around the opening, gave the appearance of a fine garment,
not a hood made to silence someone. Opening her mouth even the slightest
bit further was out of the question, it held her jaws as closed as they
would go, what with the ball in her mouth.  It also held her lips
tight against her teeth.  Sam had laced it on, but she didn’t seem
to strain at the laces, it was quick and efficient… and tight.  The
only noises Jenni could make after the foam ball and the lacing of the
hood were faint mewling sounds and a keening through her nose.  Sam
sure did seem to like silencing her.

CLICK!!

And the watching was the hardest part.  She knew what was coming
but was powerless to do anything about it…

The morning after Jenni’s initiation, she finally woke up about noon. 
Sam had prepared a good breakfast… well, lunch, and it felt good to eat
after that many hours.  She greedily ate the poached eggs, the cantaloupe,
the juice and coffee, and the toast with strawberry preserves.

She and Sam chatted about the usual stuff, where they were going shopping,
what deals they had found to pursue, and the shoe store that just opened
up downtown, pretty much the standard fare.  No mention was made of
last night and since Jenni didn’t bring it up, Sam wasn’t going to either.

Sam sensed an uneasiness about Jenni, and understandably so.  Up
until last night they had been best buddies this morning things were different. 
It wasn’t like Jenni was embarrassed or angry, just quiet.

They showered and dressed, stopped by Jenni’s for a quick change of
clothes, and went shopping.  Jenni loosened up in time, talking more
and thinking less.  They shopped for shoes (didn’t buy any), shopped
for jewelry (didn’t buy any of that, either) got a cup of coffee, and went
to the large department store at the end of the mall since that end of
the parking lot was rather empty on the way into the mall.  It wasn’t
until they passed the gloves and scarves that Jenni’s mood changed again.

She stopped in front of the cases and cases full of scarves and stared
at them for the longest time.  Sam could almost see the thoughts churning
around in her head, coming to grips again with last night’s turn of events. 
For several moments she stood there, looking over the vast assortment of
scarves.  When the sales lady came over and asked “Is there something
I can help you with?” she almost jumped out of her skin.

She recovered quickly, and turned to Sam.  She looked Sam square
in the eyes and whispered “Did you mean what you said last night bright
before I fell asleep?”

Now it was Sam’s turn to be speechless, at least for a moment. 
She thought Jenni hadn’t heard her last night, but apparently she had. 
Finally she whispered back “If that’s what you want, then its okay by me,
I’d love to.”  When she started the sentence, she had placed her hand
on Sam’s arm.  When she said the word ‘love” she squeezed gently and
smiled.

Jenni spun around, and said to the sales lady, “I’ve never bought scarves
before, my friend here says I need some for my wardrobe.  I’d like
to buy several, if you can help me out.”  She turned to her friend. 
“Sam, why don’t you go ahead, I don’t really need anything from the other
end of the mall.  By the time you get what you want and get back,
I should be done, okay?”

It seemed like a good idea to Sam, who was suddenly very excited at
the prospect of Jenni and herself having another evening of fun. 
With a spring in her step, she trotted off to finish her shopping (the
only reason they had come to the mall in the first place) and Jenni stayed
at the scarf counter.

Over the next five minutes, Jenni walked around the display cases and
selected scarf after scarf, looking at the texture (she liked the soft
silky ones the best) color, pattern and shape.  She selected paisleys,
stripes, polka dots, and geometric patterns, and a whole rainbow of solid
colors.  Since she didn’t really know what she needed, she picked
out large and small squares, thin and wide rectangles and a couple of bias
cut thin scarves.  None of them were the high dollar scarves that
people like to spend way too much money on, but they were all beautiful,
just the same.  She had a fairly enormous pile of scarves on the counter
when she was finished.

“There, that should do it” Jenni said.  The saleslady was understandably
confused.

“Which ones of these do you want?” she enquired, not sure of what Jenni
wanted.  There had to be 50 or 60 scarves on the counter, easily costing
over $1000.00.

“I want all of them” Jenni replied “but please hurry and ring them up,
I want to surprise my friend with them, she absolutely loves scarves and
these are her birthday present.  So she can’t know I’ve bought them.”

“Yes Ma’am” the flustered saleslady replied and proceeded to ring up
scarf after scarf, watching the total rise higher and higher.  Some
5 minutes after she had started, she was done.  63 scarves at a total
of $1326.75!  Jenni whipped out her check card and paid the lady. 
She took the 3 rather large shopping bags of scarves and hustled them out
to her car, hiding them in the trunk.  Returning to the counter again,
she selected 10 more scarves at a cost of $374.85 and paid for them as
a decoy just as Sam returned. They headed back to the car together.

“Are you gonna show me what you bought?” Sam enquired as they walked
through the store, very curious as to her friend’s new purchases. 
“I’ll show you in the car. Let’s get going, we have a lot to do this evening.” 
And so they left the rather dumbfounded saleslady standing there wishing
that she worked on commission, at least for today.  Just over $1700.00
in sales in 15 minutes, what a haul!

Once in the car, Sam was like a kid on Christmas morning.  “What
did you get?  Can I see?”

Jenni started the car to get the A/C going, reached behind her on the
seat and took the “decoy” bag of 10 scarves to place on her lap. 
“Okay, so you want to see what I bought? Here goes.”

One by one she plucked the scarves from the bag, handed them to Sam
and Sam inspected and commented on her purchases.  “Ooooh, this one’s
nice.  I just love paisley, don’t you?  These solid colored ones
are really beautiful.” And so on until all 10 scarves had been shaken out,
inspected, refolded and placed back in the bag.

“So where are we going, your place or mine?” Sam asked.  “Let’s
go to your place, you have more scarves if I need them.”  Jenni replied,
“If you don’t mind cooking dinner, I wanna get things ready for later.”

“How about we just pick up something on the way home?  I don’t
really feel like cooking tonight, that’ll give us more time.  Something
tells me we’re gonna need it.” Sam said, not really wanting to cook, or
for that matter eat.  She just wanted to get started, but didn’t want
to seem that eager.  Besides, if Jenni turned out to be any good at
this, she’d need her strength before the night was over.

“Great idea, how about Chinese? There’s that place on the way home we
haven’t tried yet, or do you want to go with somewhere we know?”

“Well, I’d rather go with someplace familiar, I wouldn’t want to get
something bad and spoil this evening.  Chinese is great, but let’s
do China Garden. We know what we’ll get there”

Jenni decided that Sam was right.  The last thing either of them
wanted was for the other to be hugging the toilet over bad food on a night
that held this much promise. “Works for me” she said.

The fact was it was hard to tell who was more excited about the evening. 
Jenni was more nervous, hoping she’d do everything right, but Sam was just
plain excited.  She’d never dreamed that Jenni would go for this. 
As a matter of fact, until last night, she’d never even thought about it,
and until the “moment” at the scarf counter earlier she was sure that Jenni
hadn’t even heard her proposal.  Both were excited, but for different
reasons.

They picked up dinner, took it back to Sam’s house took their few purchases
and their dinner inside (the three bags of scarves would stay in the trunk
for now, Jenni decided), ate dinner and cleaned up, all in the space of
about 30 minutes.

“I’m gonna go get ready for later, but I need your help for a minute,
is that okay?” Jenni asked.  “Sure”, Sam replied “what do you need?”

“C’mon upstairs, I need you to show me something.” Jenni replied. 
So up the staircase they went, off to Sam and Ted’s bedroom.

“So what do you need help with?” Sam enquired “Well….” Jenni paused
for a moment and blushed all the way down to her chest.  “Last night,
when you had me tied up…” Jenni paused again, obviously uneasy with the
subject matter.  “You put that, err…. thing inside me.  That
thing that vibrated”

“Oh that.  It was a vibrating egg that works by remote control,
you wanna see it?” Sam asked, as if it were the most natural thing in the
world.

“Well, yes, but I was wondering if you had any other, um…..”

“Toys?  Sure, Tom and I have lots of them, you wanna see? 
Tom used to buy all the toys, but then I started buying them because men
don’t always understand what works best inside.  Most of the time
they think bigger, harder and faster is better, but we know differently,
don’t we?”

By this time they had entered the bedroom and Jenni had put her bag
of 10 new scarves on the bed and followed San towards the closet. 
“I started buying things that did more caressing or stroking, touching
just the right spots, we.. come over here, you’ll see”  While she
was talking, Sam had led Jenni into her closet, over to the trunk hidden
behind the long coats and opened it up.

If Sam heard Jenni’s gasp of surprise, she didn’t show it.  Inside
the top of the trunk was a tray and that tray was almost full of vibrators,
dildos, eggs, beads, balls, and stimulators of almost every description
known to man.  Jenni had known about these things and had seen one
or two, but never anything like this.  There were dildoes shapes just
like a penis, there were vibrators with nubs or ribs or a combination of
both all up and down their length, some even had what looked to be pearls
on the inside, and some had all of those plus a little finger that curved
up from the bottom (“what use could that possibly be?”  Jenni thought
to herself).  There was a string with 6 or 7 balls on it, each ball
about a ¾”  diameter and each about an inch apart from each
other, separated by knots tied in the string, with a ring on one end. 
There were egg shaped devices in a variety of sizes in silver, blue, red
and cream colored, some with cords coming out of one end going to a controller
and some with just a thin cord sticking out about 3 inches and nothing
on the end.  There were devices shaped like butterflies, bees and
dolphins, and several other members of the animal kingdom, some with squeeze
bulbs attached, but all with cords and controllers.  Along with those,
there were many other contraptions that defied description, at least to
Jenni.

“My God, what are all those things?” Jenni asked, the wonderment of
the assortment evident in her voice.  “They’re all toys,” Sam explained
calmly, “each one does one thing really well.  This is the one I used
on you last night,” and selected a medium-sized silver egg from on top
of the pile. “and this.” She pulled the butterfly from the other side of
the drawer.

That egg didn’t look that big, Jenni thought to herself.  Last
night, when Sam had slipped it inside her it had felt much larger, especially
when she turned it on.  And the butterfly made her knees weak when
she remembered it buzzing away incessantly against her clit while the egg
vibrated merrily away inside her.  “Well what do you want me to use
on you?”  Jenni asked, hoping Sam would select something for her. 
No such luck.

“I want you to pick something out.  I’m going to go do a couple
of things downstairs, but I want you to look at these and figure out what
you think would feel good, and I’ll take your word for it.  I’ll be
back in about 15 minutes; if you want to try some of them out, this’ll
help.”  Sam reached into the corner and handed her the bottle of lubricant. 
“It makes them very easy to get inside you.  It’s what I used on the
egg last night.”

Sam saw the trepidation in her friends face.  “It’s okay, really. 
If you want to ‘test drive’ some of them, I don’t mind.  Just clean
‘em off when you’re done.”

Now Jenni was really in a quandary.  All she had wanted was a few
things to choose from.  Now she had a whole drawer full of things
to choose from and no idea how any of them worked.  Aside from that,
she still needed to get her other scarves in from the car without Sam knowing. 
She looked at the array of selections before her and decided that she’d
do things a little differently than Sam had proposed.  She went to
the bag of scarves on the bed and emptied them out, having to take the
time to get a small pair of scissors from her pocketbook to cut the sales
tags off of the scarves.  She realized that it was going to take some
time to cut the tags off of the remaining scarves she had purchased and
that she’d better keep the scissors handy.  After she finished cutting
off the 10 tags, she took the scarves and folded them one at a time, like
she had seen Sam do, and laid them in a nice neat line on the edge of the
bed near the nightstand.

Satisfied that she was ready, Jenni went to the bedroom door and checked
that Sam was nowhere to be found.  Slinking out through the kitchen
to the garage, she opened her trunk, grabbed the three very large bags
of brand-new scarves and headed back to the bedroom, surprised that she
didn’t get caught.  She hid the three bags in the closet on the other
side, away from the “toy box” and went out to wait for Sam.  She hoped
she didn’t have to wait long.

She was nervous.  For as exciting as this was, there was still
something that seemed wrong, even evil about what she and Sam had already
done and were getting ready to do again.  Certainly she was excited
at the department store, why else would she have bought $1700 worth of
scarves (that would be fun explaining to Jason), and even now she was excited,
but nervous at the same time.  Would things ever be the same between
her and Sam?  It didn’t seem that way at the moment.  Would that
be such a bad thing?  It was hard to tell.

Jenni’s thoughts drifted back to last night and she relived every scarf,
every knot, and every step in the process until she was a bound and helpless
object, knowing that Sam had taken advantage of her inebriated state, toying
with her and denying her release over and over until Sam was good and ready. 
And what a release it was.  Jenni had never come like that before,
screaming and thrashing about (such that it was) and climaxing for the
longest time.  It seemed to go on forever until at last, she slumped
in her bonds, exhausted.

Once it was over, Sam had untied her gently and quickly, massaging her
arms and legs from their enforced confinement, to the point that Jenni
was almost asleep by the time Sam removed the blindfold and gag, the last
two items to come off.  Then Sam had surprised her by offering to
let Jenni tie her up tonight.  Jenni was too confused and exhausted
to respond, but apparently her mind worked overtime while she was asleep. 
When she finally awoke the next day (sometime around noon) it seemed to
be all she could think about.  Throughout the day she had remained
quiet, not wishing to bring the subject up, but when they walked by the
scarf counter in the department store, suddenly all she could think about
was tying Sam up like she had been tied last night, doing evil things to
her and driving Sam as crazy as Jenni had been.

“I wish she’d hurry up” Jenni thought, and wandered back over to the
closet, to the open chest containing all of Sam and Ted’s “toys”. 
She picked up one after another, marveling at the subtle differences in
construction, occasionally playing with the controls to see what they did. 
She was so immersed in her own thoughts that she never heard Sam enter
the bedroom and didn’t even register that she was standing in the doorway
of the closet.

“Is that what you wanna use on me?” Sam asked, sure that Jenni had seen
her.  Jenni jumped, turned beet red and started stammering.

“Um, no... I already have something picked out…I was just looking at…do
you like this one?” Jenni asked, holding up a green phallus-shaped vibrator
with a cord and controller.  She had no idea what this particular
implement did, but that didn’t matter.  Suddenly it seemed very warm
in the confines of the closet.

“Sorry, I thought you knew I was here.”  Sam replied.  “I
didn’t mean to startle you, but I guess I did, huh?  Are you really
that nervous?  Look, if you’re not feeling comfortable with this,
then we don’t have to do this at all.  It just seemed to me that you…”

“No, I really want to, but yes I am a little nervous.  There’s
just something about this that seems so…”

“Delicious?” Sam finished.  “Okay, maybe a bad choice of words. 
Look, it’s different, I agree.  But after last night it seemed like
you were so into it, this seemed like the next logical step.  But
if you’re not sure, we can forget about it, no further mention of it, okay?”

“No really, it’s okay.  I’m a little nervous, but more than anything,
I’m excited.  I don’t want to let my nervousness spoil this. 
C’mon, let’s get started”

Sam walked to the edge of the bed, turned to face Jenni, who was just
exiting the closet and asked “Okay, how do you want me?”

“I don’t know.  Remember, I’m new at this, how do you want to be?” 
Jenni asked, hoping Sam would take the lead, at least for a little bit,
until she got over the nervousness.  No such luck.

“No this is your show, you’re gonna call the shots”

“But I need some help” Jenni replied “I need to know how to tie you
like you did me last night.  I don’t know how to do it.”

“Okay, come over here; let me give you some pointers.  The first
thing is to make it tight but comfortable.  Remember last night? 
As tightly as you were tied, as little as you could move, you were never
in pain, were you?

“No, I guess I wasn’t” Jenni replied.

“That’s all a function of how you do the tying.  That’s why you
fold the scarves flat, like I did last night.”  Jenni showed her the
scarves she had folded “Hey that’s good, just like you’re supposed to. 
Now I’ll show you how I did it last night.  Hold your hands front
in front of you like this.” Sam held her wrists together in front of her,
palm to palm.  Jenni copied her friend’s movements. “Good, now you
wrap the scarf around like this, keeping it flat, like this.  Then
you tie the ends off, making sure they’re as far away from the fingers
as possible, like this.”  Sam wrapped the scarf around Jenni’s wrists
and tied the knot, leaving only two very short ends.

Jenni watched as Sam tied her hands, but the scarf seemed somewhat loose,
not as tight as the night before.  Just as she was about to ask about
it, Sam spoke up.  “Then you take a second scarf and wrap it around
this way.”  And she proceeded to wrap the second scarf between her
wrists.  “This is called a cinch.  When you pull this one tight
and knot it, it tightens up the first scarf and removes any hint of slack. 
The first thing it does is cover up the first knot so you can’t get to
it, then if you tie the ends between the wrists, like this, there’s no
way for you to reach the knot, see?”

Jenni noticed immediately that Sam was right.  The first scarf
was tightened considerably, the first knot was covered, and there was absolutely
no way she could reach the ends to free herself.  She twisted and
turned her wrists, trying to reach the short ends of the scarf, but couldn’t
even get close.  “Wow, I can’t begin to get free, and it’s not too
tight either.  Can I try it on you now?”   Jenni asked.

“Sure, when you get loose.” Sam replied with a gleam in her eye.

“But Sam, you know I can’t even begin to get free!  How am I supposed
to…”

“Calm down, I was just kidding.” Sam said, reaching for the cinch knot. 
She plucked at the knot for a second and it came loose.  After unwrapping
the cinch scarf Sam untied the first knot and just that quick, Jenni was
free.  “Okay, it’s my turn!”  Sam said.

“Okay, turn around and put your hands behind you.  Good, now you
have to let me know if I’m hurting you, ‘cause I don’t really know what
I’m doing yet.  Now, I take this scarf and wrap it around this way
like this and tie this knot and….there!  How’s that?”

“So far so good” Sam replied.  “Now the next one.”

Jenni grabbed the second scarf and cinched the first one, pulling it
snug as she went.  When she was satisfied that it was tight enough,
she tied the ends on top of her bindings, well out of the reach of Sam’s
fingers.  “Okay now try it.”  Jenni said.

“That feels really good, nice and snug, and I’m pretty sure I can’t
get loose”

“Go ahead and try.  I wanna see how good I did” And Sam did.

She twisted her wrists back and forth, pulled and yanked, wriggled her
fingers and tried everything she knew to loosen her hands, but to no avail.
“Hey, that’s really good.  I sure can’t get loose.  What are
you gonna do now?”

“Well, the first thing I need to do,” Jenni said as she started picking
at the knot “is untie you because you’re still fully clothed.  If
I remember last night correctly, I was naked.  I think it’s only fair
that you start out the night the same way I did, don’t you?”  She
finished untying the scarves from Sam’s wrists and waited for her friend.

Sam hopped up from the edge of the bed and started undressing, wriggling
her jeans down over her hips and peeling her panties down with them. Then
undid the buttons on her shirt and removed that, and finally her bra.

Jenni, not wanting to postpone the festivities any longer directed Sam
back over to the edge of the bed and had her stand facing away from her. 
Jenni sat on the edge of the bed and gathered up the scarves she had put
aside, along with the two she had already used to tie Sam’s hands the first
time.  “Alright, back up a little” Jenni said as she used her hands
to guide Sam into the position she wanted. “There, that’s good.  Ready
to get started?”

“Of course.” Sam replied.  “I was all ready before, but someone
was being a stickler for details, wanting me to be naked and all.” 
Jenni had already pulled Sam’s wrists behind her and was busy wrapping
the first scarf around her wrists while her friend talked.

“But you want it done right, don’t you?  I mean how can I do this
right if your clothes are in the way?  I seem to remember someone
doing some pretty interesting stuff last night.  None of which would
have been possible with me wearing clothes, as I recall.”  By now,
Jenni had tied the second scarf and Sam’s hands were efficiently bound
once again.  “There, is that too tight?”

“Not at all, it feels great.” Sam answered “You catch on pretty quickly,
you know.”

“I’m a quick study if I like the subject matter.  Let’s see how
I do with your elbows.” And Jenni wrapped another folded square around
Sam’s elbows, took the ends and began to pull. “Let me know when to stop,
are you very flexible?”

“I don’t think I’m as flexible as you.  I’ve never been able to
get my elbows together.”

“Something to work on” Jenni thought to herself. “How are you doing?”
Jenni asked out loud as Sam’s elbows started to get close together.

“Just a little more, keep going.  There!  That’s good, better
stop right there.” Sam gasped.  Jenni made a note that she could just
slip her 4 fingers between Sam’s elbows as she tied off the knot. 
Certainly some room for improvement.  “Do I cinch it or just let it
alone?”

“Better let it alone for now.  Let’s see how it feels in a few
minutes.  I don’t want it to be uncomfortable, there’s no telling
how long you’re gonna leave me this way.”

“You’re right.  I have some ‘getting even’ to do after last night. 
I might just keep you like ‘til morning.  It depends on how good you
are.”

“It also depends on how good you are.” Sam replied, twisting her arms
ever so slightly but realizing quickly that escaping wouldn’t be something
she would be doing any time soon.  Sam actually kind of relished the
thought of Jenni keeping her captive all night.  Certainly, she wouldn’t
want to be tied in any strenuous position all night, but to have Jenni
doing wicked things to her all night and Sam being unable to do anything
to stop her…  Well, she could dream, couldn’t she?

She envisioned herself tied, blindfolded, and securely gagged, arms
and legs spread to the corners of the 4 poster bed, mouth stuffed and taped
shut, laying on silk sheets, while Jenni teased her with an almost endless
variety of torments.  Scarves, vibrators, make-up brushes, nipple
clamps…  Always bringing her within inches of orgasm, but stopping
short every time.  She imagined herself screaming into her gag in
frustration, only to have Jenni laugh and tease her some more.  Finally,
after hours of teasing, Jenni delivered Sam to a series of howling, thrashing,
blinding orgasms that lasted forever, it seemed.  After the orgasms
finally subsided and only the aftershocks remained, Jenni stroked her friend
lightly, finally untied her and they drifted off to sleep in each others
arms.  Damn!  She could dream, couldn’t she?

While Sam had been dreaming, Jenni had been busy. After moving Sam’s
long hair out of the way several times throughout the process, she had
tied the scarves above and below Sam’s breasts, pinning her arms against
her back.  She had tied a scarf to cinch between her arms and her
body, and was in the process of  looping a long scarf around the scarves
framing her breasts, cinching them together and passing the ends up over
her shoulders to tie off to the elbow bindings.  By the time Sam had
finished her daydream, her arms were bound solidly and inescapably behind
her.  Sam realized, with a certain amount of delight, that Jenni was
very good at this.  Apparently, Jenni realized it too.

“There, let’s see you try to get out of that!” Jenni said triumphantly.
“I wanna see how good I did.”

Sam knew before she even tried that she wouldn’t be able to get loose,
but to make Jenni feel good, she put forth a lively effort twisting this
way and that.  The only thing she succeeded in doing was flailing
her arms around a little, wriggling her fingers and making her breasts
bounce around invitingly.  Her long red hair flew around and settled
down again, cascading down her back.  She was starting to perspire
when she finally ceased her struggles.  But she was not free. 
She was not even close, she stayed just as tightly bound as before. 
The only difference was that now she was out of breath, very excited from
the realization that she was at the mercy of her friend, and just a little
bit moist between the legs.  “I guess you have me good.  There’s
no getting out of this.”  Sam said, between heavy breaths.

Jenni was quite obviously pleased with herself.  Her first time
and she had rendered her friend fairly helpless.  Even with a knife
in her hand Jenni didn’t see how Sam could get loose.  But there was
still a good bit of tying to do…

“Okay, now we’re going to change things a little.  Come over here.”
Jenni led Sam to the closet and next to the “toy chest”. “I want you to
pick out your own torment.  Now it needs to be something I can control
and something that either goes all the way inside you, or at least doesn’t
stick out.  Remember, you’re going to be sitting like I was last night. 
And another thing, it better be something that works really well. 
If it isn’t I’ll come in here and pick out something that looks really
evil, understand?”

Sam looked perplexed, and rightfully so.  On one hand she needed
to find something that would be comfortable, on the other hand, it had
to be aggressive enough to really make her crazy. “This isn’t fair! 
I’m damned if I do and damned if I don’t.  If I pick out something
too easy, you’ll just make it harder.  If I pick out something harder,
you might make me have a meltdown!  How am I supposed to make a choice
like that?”

“Very carefully.  Take your time, I’ve got all night.”  Sam
studied the assortment of devices in the trunk before her, wondering which
one she could take for 2 hours and still live to tell about it.  Of
course she also wondered how easy she could make it on herself and not
get caught.  She decided that she’d better go with something she thought
she could just barely take for 2 hours.  Jenni had shown just enough
of an evil streak that she didn’t think she wanted to find out what would
happen if Jenni had to choose the toy.  She finally selected a short,
fat, stubby little vibrator with little nubs around its entire length.  
It was about 4 inches long and 2 inches around, not counting the base. 
The 4 foot cord ran to a set of controls that controlled dual vibrating
eggs inside, one control for each egg.  The base consisted of a wide
patch that completely covered her opening with little bumps placed strategically
around the surface where it would come in contact with her sex.  It
ran on 4 “C’ batteries, so there was plenty of juice to last the entire
time (She didn’t want Jenni to have any reason to make things harder on
her).

She indicated to Jenni which one it was, thankful that Jenni didn’t
make her pick it up since the trunk was so low to the ground and Sam was
rather tall.  Tied the way she was would have meant some interesting
contortions and the distinct possibility of falling over.

Jenni studied the vibrator and controller for a moment.  She slid
one of the sliders forward and felt that the base of the plug started to
vibrate, then turned that one off and slid the other controller up and
the tip vibrated.  The fact that they could be adjusted to an almost
infinite variety of differences was not lost on Jenni.  She held the
plug in her hand and moved the first slider forward and felt how the different
pitches of the two eggs made the plug almost dance in her hands.

“Ooohhh this looks like fun,” Jenni said “what do you say we go try
it out?  Come on, back over here.”  Leading the way back to the
bed, she turned Sam around and quickly blindfolded her, tying the knot
at the back of her head, under her hair (no easy task with Sam’s 
hair as long as it was and her jumping about in surprise.

“Hey, it’s not time for that yet!”  Sam hollered.  “You’re
not supposed to do that until later.”

“I thought you said that I was calling the shots tonight” Jenni stated,
matter-of-factly.

“Did I say that?  I don’t recall that for some reason.” Sam giggled.

“Yes, you did say that, and that’s what I’m going to do.  Now stand
right there, don’t move a muscle” Jenni said as she went to the closet
to get the 3 bags of scarves that she bought earlier.

“I’m afraid to move.  You might do something else to me.” Sam said

Jenni went to the closet and grabbed the scarves she purchased earlier,
from the somewhat bewildered lady in the department store.  She noticed
right away that while one or two scarves didn’t weigh anything at all,
63 of them were another story.  And though it wasn’t a struggle to
get them out to the bed, it did take a little effort.  She decided
that she probably hadn’t noticed the previous times she had moved them,
due to her excitement level.  Jenni carried the scarves to the bed
and emptied the bags out.  Then she remembered her next problem…

The tags were still attached.  She had to cut the tags off of 63
scarves.  In the meantime, Sam had gotten curious, wondering about
the noises she had heard and just what Jenni was up to.

“Hey, what’s all that?” Sam asked, her head turning around as if to
try to see through the blindfold. “What’s in the bags?  C’mon, tell
me what all this is.”

“You’ll find out soon enough.  Now be quiet before I have to make
you quiet.  You’d be better off to save your energy, you might need
it before this is all over.” Jenni replied as she started snipping off
the tags, one by one.

It seemed an eternity before Jenni finished de-tagging all the scarves
she bought, but it was worth it, at least to her.  As she cut each
price tag off, she shook out the scarves, folded them and sorted them into
piles, depending on the shape and size of the scarf.  She had a very
nice pile of large squares, quite a few smaller rectangles, several smaller
neckerchief-sized squares, and a handful of longer rectangles.  It
had taken about 5 minutes to clip off the tags and sort the scarves into
piles, during which time Sam had been dutifully quiet and still. 
Perhaps a reward would be in order…or maybe not.

“Okay, let’s get this show moving again.  Come over here and sit
down on the bed, cross-legged.”  Jenni guided her friend over to the
bed, turned her around and eased her backwards into a sitting position. 
She helped Sam slide backwards a little so that she could cross her legs. 
Sam’s arms proved to be a problem, though.

Sam’s arms were very long and because of that she had to lean forward
slightly; otherwise her hands would have been jammed down into the mattress. 
The effect of this leaning, however, was that Sam’s breasts, the bases
of which were already compressed by the bondage and being rather large
for her slim frame, hung down invitingly.  The bondage at the base
of each breast made them balloon out nicely and her nipples stood out prominently
from the compression, begging to be attended to.  Jenni suddenly remembered
something she had forgotten when she did Sam’s breast bondage.  But
first Jenni needed to do something with her legs.

She took several of the scarves from the pile and used the first two
to loop once around Sam’s ankles and knot off, one scarf for each ankle,
then took those ends and tied them off above the opposite knee, folding
Sam’s legs like hers had been the night before.  Then she took the
next three and tied her lower legs together, then used one last long rectangle
to cinch everything together, winding it around and through the other scarves
and making Sam’s legs a very rigid, if not artfully tied and decorated
triangle.  Now, to finish off those beautiful breasts…

Jenni went to the pile of long rectangles and selected the softest,
most luxurious scarf in the pile.  She drew it across Sam’s breasts,
with the shiny side out and captured the bulging targets under their softness. 
Sam, who had been remarkably quiet to this point, let out a groan as Jenni
centered the scarf over her breasts like a tube top, and tied the ends
behind her, pulling it rather tight and then fastening the loose ends to
the myriad of scarves tied near her elbows.

The result was breathtaking, at least for Sam.  Jenni tied off
the last knot and looked around in front of Sam, she saw her nipples, now
flattened by the scarf straining to come to prominence again.  Jenni
reached out and tickled the buds with her fingernails.

“Aaaaaahhhhhh, now what’d you wanna go do that for?”  Sam broke
her long silence at this latest turn of events, squirming about on the
bed and trying to twist away from the torturous fingernails.

Jenni giggled.  “I seem to remember someone doing that and so much
more to me last night when I couldn’t see what was coming.  Do you
remember that?”

“I don’t seem to recall that at all” Sam replied “I don’t think I know
anyone who’d do that.”

Jenni rolled up one of the large squares in her hand and took another
one and set it next to Sam on the bed.  “Well, maybe you’ll remember
this.” Jenni reached out with her left hand, grabbing Sam’s nipple and
pinched it.  Not really hard, just enough to startle Sam and make
her want to open her mouth to cry out.

Sam knew the instant she opened her mouth that it was a mistake, but
by then it was too late.  Jenni had crammed the rolled-up scarf between
her teeth and was pushing and prodding the mass between into her mouth. 
Sam fought instinctively, but there was really nothing she could do to
stop her friend from pushing the scarf into her mouth and behind her teeth. 
Then again, she wasn’t sure she would have stopped Jenni if she could have.

Just as quickly, Jenni grabbed the second scarf and tied it between
Sam’s teeth, trapping the packing in her mouth and ensuring her relative
silence.  Now came the difficult part.  Jenni had been able to
watch everything up until the blindfold.  She guessed at the gag,
and it seemed like she got it right from the lack of noise Sam was making. 
What she wasn’t sure about was the long scarf that held her bent-over and
held the egg and butterfly in place.  So since she couldn’t ask Sam
for details (well, she could ask but understanding Sam’s answer was another
thing entirely…a slight oversight on her part) she’d have to figure out
a way to do it herself.

She remembered how just trying to straighten up last night had caused
everything to get tighter.  Her hands were pulled against her butt,
the scarves tied at and around her breasts compressed, and the scarf through
her crotch holding those devilish devices inside her pressed inward pushing
the egg deeper and the butterfly mashed against her clit.  “So how
did Sam do it?” Jenni asked herself.  The only was to figure it out
was by trial and error.  Sam certainly wasn’t going anywhere and she
had all evening. After all, they had gotten an early start, it was only
7:00.  Sam hadn’t let her loose until close to 1:00 in the morning,
so she had plenty of time.

Jenni remembered Sam tying something to her crossed legs, fiddling with
the scarves tied around her breasts, and tying something around her waist.
Then Sam had tipped her over and Jenni had felt the tickle of a scarf being
dragged across her sex and something wrapped around her wrists, but it
wasn’t very tight…  Until Sam plunged the egg inside her, put the
butterfly in place and then some kind of pad to hold them in place. 
Then Sam sat her back up and started pushing down on her shoulders, making
her bend over and she felt the scarf that ran between her legs getting
tighter, along with the ones around her breasts and the one at her waist. 
She also felt her tied wrists being pulled down against her butt, and then
something being tied to her elbow bindings.  How could all of that
happen at once, unless…

So that was it.  It was one long (very long) scarf that ran from
her legs through the breast bindings (somehow), through the scarf tied
at her waist, through her legs, wrapped around her wrists and tied off
at her elbows.  Now, how to get all that accomplished with what Jenni
had to work with.  And since there was no way she’d ungag Sam and
ask her how to do it, a bit of experimentation was in order.

Jenni took one of the large squares and tied it around Sam’s waist,
over her arms in the back, with the knot in back.  She pulled it tight
and pinned Sam’s already helpless hands even tighter against her back,
drawing a questioning grunt from her friend.  A couple of quick cinches
where the scarf passed over each arm and Sam’s arms were welded against
her back.

Now, how to fasten the breast bondage so that it was tightened whenever
Sam tried to sit up straight.  This would take some thinking. 
Setting everything up was the first order of business.  Jenni went
to the pile of the longest rectangles and selected the longest one she
could find.  She tied one end at the center of Sam’s crossed legs
and then grabbed one of the neckerchief-sized squares already folded into
a thin strip.  She passed one end between her body and the scarves
compressing the base of her breasts (with some difficulty) and tied the
ends in front, compressing even further the scarf covering her breasts. 
Another moan was given by Sam, though this one had a more sultry tone. 
Jenni grabbed the ends and pulled, but all that happened was that Sam was
pulled forward.  There was no further squeezing of the bondage. 
Hmmm, that wasn’t it.  Jenni untied the knot and thought some more. 
She thought for a minute and tried something new.

Jenni doubled the small scarf and passed the ends between Sam’s body
and the scarves at the base of her breasts.  She pulled them through
and passed the ends through the loop formed by folding the scarf in half. 
This time, when she pulled on the ends the scarf slid through the loop
and cinched the scarf covering her breasts down against her chest, squeezing
her already compressed globes even further.  Sam shifted her shoulders
and groaned into her gag.  Jenni released pressure and the tension
relaxed.  She pulled and released several more times and with each
pull the scarves tightened and with each release the tension was eased. 
That was it!  Now all she had to do was figure out how to attach it
to the connecting scarf that ran from her crossed legs to her elbows and
the fun could begin.

Jenni held the long scarf up against the center of the breast bindings. 
With her other hand she pulled on the ends of the neckerchief until a slight
amount of tension was achieved.  Passing the two ends of the neckerchief
on separate sides of the long scarf, Jenni tied the ends of the neckerchief
so that the long scarf was trapped and any tension on the long scarf tightened
the loop in the neckerchief.  A few experimental pulls provided exactly
what Jenni had hoped for, as the scarves compressed, then released Sam’s
straining bosom.  The effect of this was not lost on Sam, who was
moaning much more loudly now, twisting her shoulders and shifting around
on the bed as best she could.

“Let’s finish this off,” Jenni said out loud to Sam as she tucked the
free end of the long scarf through the scarf tied at Sam’s waist. 
More moans issued forth from Sam as Jenni tipped her over on her side and
prepared the fat little vibrator for its new home.

Jenni coated the vibrator liberally with the lubricant and stopped short,
staring at the opening between Sam’s legs.  Gosh, she had never done
anything like this before.  The tying and the teasing were one thing,
but now she was about to touch another woman’s sex and worse yet, slide
a vibrator inside her and tie it in place.  Was this right? 
Should she even be doing this?  Would this make the two of them lesbians? 
Would she have to leave her husband?  What would the neighbors say? 
Would she ever be able to show her face in public?

The questions flooded her mind as she stood there holding the greased
vibrator.  Finally Jenni decided she was being silly to worry so much. 
No one had to know about this but her and Sam.  It wasn’t like they
had moved in together, sworn off men forever, cut their hair short and
were wearing “sensible shoes”.  No, they were just two friends having
fun, exploring something together.  Besides, Sam didn’t seem to have
any trouble with it, soooo…

Jenni reached out tentatively and spread the lips of Sam’s sex, already
moist with excitement.  Sam jumped a little at the sudden contact,
but relaxed quickly.  Tentatively, Jenni placed the head of the vibrator
against her friends opening and pushed.

The fat little plug slid home easily partially due to the lubricant,
but also partially due to Sam’s level of arousal.  She adjusted the
base, spinning it around slightly to have the nubs on the base properly
aligned with Sam’s nub and worked it back and forth slightly to be sure
it was nestled in the right place, ready to push all the right buttons. 
Sam squirmed and moaned as Jenni worked the vibrator into her as deeply
as it would go and held it there.

Jenni grabbed the long scarf and drew it between Sam’s legs, ensuring
that the vibrator would stay in place then gently eased Sam back up into
a sitting position.  Sam’s weight would also make sure that her little
helper would stay where it was.  Jenni also spun Sam around so that
she was facing the foot of the bed, her knees about two feet from the footboard.

Jenni took the time (since Sam was otherwise occupied and not going
anywhere) to take four long scarves and tie them together, forming a scarf
rope about 15 feet long.  She took the center of the 15 foot rope
and placed it across Sam’s belly, with the ends coming out each side and
trailing back towards the head of the bed.  Then she took the last
two long rectangles and tied the first one to the scarf holding her ankle
against her knee on her right side then repeated the process on the other
side with the other scarf.

Ever so gently Jenni pressed forward on Sam’s shoulders.  Sam responded
by bending forward at the waist.  Jenni reached behind her friend
and pulled the slack out of the long scarf as Sam bent over.  When
Sam’s silk encased breasts were just about touching her legs, Jenni eased
off the pressure on her shoulders, wrapped the long scarf around Sam’s
wrist bindings and tied the end of at her elbows.

“Wow!  This is fun,” Jenni said “At first I was nervous but then
once I got into it, it was really fun.  How did I do?  Does anything
hurt, is anything too tight?  Can you get loose?”

Sam answered with a series of grunts and shakes of the head that, indeed
nothing hurt, nothing was too tight and no, she most certainly could not
get loose and struggled ineffectually as if to prove her point.  Jenni
seemed happy with those answers and took a moment to admire her friend
and the beauty of her bondage.

“Whew!  I sure can see what Sam finds so appealing about this.”
Jenni thought to herself. “The helplessness, the total dependency, the
ability to completely control someone else, it’s all sooooo intense. 
I mean, I’m not a domineering person, but I could get into this. 
I wonder what she’s thinking, waiting on me to make the next move. 
Man, it’s beautiful! The way she twists and turns, or tries to, the colors
and shine of all those beautiful scarves, the ends of all those scarves
flowing around, and that gorgeous red hair, it’s just wonderful. 
But I’m not quite done yet.”

Jenni took the scarf rope and pulled the ends back, tying them to the
bedposts at the head of the bed, pulling Sam back a few inches in the process. 
Sam’s questioning grunts and turning of her head (as if that would somehow
miraculously help her see) delighted Jenni as she moved to the foot of
the bed.  Jenni took first one, then the other of the long scarves
she had tied to Sam’s knees and pulled them tight to the bedposts at the
foot of the bed and tied them off.  Sam was now tied in the middle
of the bed, tethered to the four corners and clearly going nowhere, and
frustrated as she could be.

When Sam realized the effect of the last couple of knots, she whined
in frustration and struggled to move even the slightest bit, but could
do little more than shake her head, wriggle her fingers, and rock back
and forth about a millimeter or so. Jenni let her go for a moment then
grabbed the control for the vibrator and slid both controls up to about
1/3 power.

The result was predictable.  Almost instantly, Sam’s struggles
and grunts took on a different tone.  Her grunts of exertion were
now growls, deeper and lustier in tone, and her struggles calmed considerably. 
That is, until Jenni told Sam about her plans for the next several hours.

“You know what I’m enjoying most about this?” Jenni asked.  Sam
replied with a negative-sounding grunt.  “I just love the fact that
you did this to me last night and offered to let me do the same to you. 
You had to know that if I chose to do this, I’d want to get at least a
small measure of revenge, didn’t you?”  Sam nodded her head and “uh-huh’ed”
into her gag as her hips started a subtle rocking motion.

“So since you’re already expecting it, I’ll just have to see what I
can do about exacting as much revenge as I can.  So here’s what we’re
gonna do.  For the next 2 hours, you’re going to be begging me to
let you cum.  Unfortunately, I won’t be able to understand you. 
You’ll grind and writhe and shake about as much as you can, which isn’t
much, is it?” Jenni said as she reached out to tickle Sam’s ribs. 
Sam heaved at her bonds and screamed behind her gag, punctuating her lack
of movement, and then Jenni continued.  “But you won’t quite be able
to get off, because I’ll be in control.  But I’m gonna be fair. 
After the 2 hours is up, I’m gonna let you cum.  Unfortunately, I’m
not gonna let you stop with just one orgasm. You’ll come so many times
you’ll lose count, but I won’t.  I have a number in my head and when
you reach that number, if you haven’t passed out, I’ll let you stop. 
How’s that sound?”

Sam’s questioning mumbling through the gag was clear enough, and Jenni
answered her. “What’s the number?  I’m not gonna tell you that. 
But I’ll give you a clue.  The number has two digits.  Does that
help?  I mean, after all, you made me come seven times last night,
and since you’re so much more experienced than I am, I figured you should
be able to do twice that and more.”

This latest information didn’t exactly sit well with Sam, whose grunts
and struggles took on an almost angry tone, that is until Jenni slid both
controllers to maximum and the vibrator, with its dual eggs inside took
off and took Sam with it, returning her grunts to moans of pleasure and
frustration and her struggles now consisted of rocking back and forth,
tugging involuntarily on the breast bondage as she rocked.  Her moans
started a rhythmic pattern, in time with her rocking and the pitch of the
moans rose and rose until they were almost like little screams.  Her
rocking picked up speed and her wailing rose higher and higher until…

Jenni slid the controllers off.  At first it didn’t register, but
after a second Sam stilled herself as she sought to make sure the vibrations
between her legs had indeed stopped.  A piteous wail emerged from
behind the gag, followed by swearing.  Well, at least Jenni guessed
it was swearing, it was so hard to tell, what with Sam’s mouth stuffed
full of one of Jenni’s largest scarves.  The sounds that issued from
Sam were single and multiple syllable grunts, and it didn’t take much imagination
to determine that they were directed at Jenni and that they weren’t very
complimentary.

Jenni giggled and stroked Sam’s breasts, paying special attention to
her stiff nipples, still crushed under the scarf tied across her breasts. 
When Sam’s breathing had calmed a little, she spoke to her friend. “Well,
I’ve got to hand it to you Sam.  I never thought it’d be that much
fun to be tied up.   I certainly never thought it’d be even more
fun to tie up someone else, but you know I kinda like this, don’t you?” 
It was probably a good thing that Sam was gagged.  The words that
tried to get out through the gag sounded most unladylike.  Jenni giggled
some more as Sam’s muffled verbal tirade continued.  She ran the sliders
on the controllers up for a few seconds to distract Sam.

“NNGGGGGHHHHHHH!” Sam shouted into her gag as her whole body stiffened,
unconsciously attempting to sit upright but being brought up short by the
scarf holding her bent-over.  The scarf covering her breasts compressed
again and did its best to flatten Sam’s breasts (fat chance of that), and
then relaxed just as quickly as Jenni turned the controllers off. 
The sweat was starting to glisten ever so slightly on Sam’s forehead.

Jenni waited a few minutes for Sam to calm down.  During that time
she tickled Sam’s nipples some more through the taut silk covering her
breasts.  Sam moaned in frustration and shuddered slightly as Jenni
eased the controllers on to their lowest setting.  She watched and
listened to Sam and thought about how she had felt last night…

At first it had seemed like a dream.  Jenni had just wanted to
find out what it felt like to be tied up.  Sam had taken it so much
further than that.  Maybe it was the excess of wine that had made
her less suspicious and less alert.  In what had seemed like a handful
of minutes, Sam had her tied so tightly she’d never get loose.  It
seemed so harmless at the time.

Then the blindfold and the teasing, she felt a slight pang of disquiet
in her gut, but thought nothing of it, until the pinch of her nipple and
the scarf being shoved in her mouth, by then it was way too late to fight
or even protest, she was completely helpless to stop whatever Sam wanted
to do to her.  Her mouth had been stuffed full and then held in place
with another scarf and she struggled all the while.  She tried to
push the scarf out of her mouth with her tongue, but the second scarf held
it firmly in place.  She tried to plead with Sam, but no words would
come out, only unintelligible sounds.  Sam continued to tie her in
ways she couldn’t see even after she was helpless.

Then Sam had casually tipped her on her side and shoved that egg up
inside her and then carefully placed the butterfly where it would do the
most good (or evil) and sat her back upright again.  Once upright,
her body weight held the egg and butterfly in place until Sam had tied
that scarf that held her bent over, and with her legs tied as they were
she was unable to even roll onto her side.

And then the torment started.  Sam teased her with the egg or the
butterfly, or sometimes both.  She tickled her nipples and teased
her with extra scarves she had laying around.  And for as frustrated
as Jenni was by being tricked into this situation, she had to admit it
felt strange but exciting to be helpless and at her best friend’s mercy,
once she got over the shock of it all.

But as the minutes wore on and the teasing continued, as her pulse quickened
and her breathing got ragged, and the warmth spread from her belly out
in all directions and it grew and grew and…

Then it stopped.  Jenni was sure she had never been this close
to orgasm before without actually achieving it.  She howled and grunted
and did her best to hump and grind her way over the edge, but it was not
to be.  She didn’t understand why Sam would get her this close but
not let her finish.  And then it hit her, she was completely under
Sam’s control.  Jenni was as helpless as a person could be, unable
to change her situation by her own means, and unable to ask Sam to do it
for her.  She had no way to communicate with her friend verbally,
and although Sam knew perfectly well what she wanted, she wasn’t about
to give it to her… yet.

Over the next couple of hours, Jenni went up and down, up and down,
always getting so close she could almost taste it, and then having the
rug yanked out from under her.  After a while she lost track of how
many times she could see the edge, but couldn’t reach it. And just when
she thought she would lose her mind, when she approached the edge knowing
that she couldn’t reach it, that it was a foregone conclusion that Sam
would pull her back and let her simmer some more, it happened.

Sam let her come, a grunting, heaving, gut-wrenching orgasm that lasted
far too long, followed by another and another, until Jenni had screamed
and struggled through 7 of the most powerful orgasms of her life. 
She never knew sensations like that even existed, let alone that they could
happen to her.  Oh sure, she’d read the stories of how women had come
until they passed out, but she never believed them.  Suddenly, she
had second thoughts.  If Sam had kept her cumming for a while longer,
who knows what would have happened.

Then, after she had calmed down considerably, Sam gently untied her. 
She took the time to rub each area as she untied it, then moved on to the
next, always being so gentle and easy.  It was hard to believe the
same woman who was being so gentle and caring was the same person who had
been tormenting her for the last 2 hours or so.

She wanted to talk to Sam after she was untied, to ask her why she did
what she did, how she knew what would drive her crazy, when to stop and
when to start.  But she had been so physically spent that she had
fallen asleep almost as soon as the last scarf was untied.  The last
thing she remembered was Sam’s offer, “If you liked that wait until tomorrow. 
You get to tie me up, if you want…” and with that she had drifted off to
sleep.

The next day, she was understandably confused.  There were many
conflicting thoughts and feelings running around her brain.  The pleasures
of last night vs. the feeling that she was doing something terribly wrong;
the caring for her best friend vs. the thought that her best friend had
betrayed her trust; the love for her best friend and the fear that somehow
she would be discovered or exposed for their guilty pleasures, and her
best friend offering to let her turn the tables the next night.  All
of those thoughts and a thousand more swirled around in her head that next
day.

It wasn’t until they reached the department store, with their vast display
of scarves, that she gained some clarity.  As she stared at the cases
of scarves displayed under the bright lights, a vision formed in her head
of Sam.  In her vision, Sam was bound with the scarves she saw before
her, tied much like Jenni had been last night.  Sam was struggling
and grunting and moaning and sweating.  From between her legs a cord
snaked out and ended in a controller held in a slender hand, thumb and
fingers working the controller slowly up and down as the pitch of Sam’s
moans did the same.  She followed the arm up to where it connected
to the body and a face turned to look at her.

The face was Jenni’s.  In that instant Jenni realized that she
would be fine doing what her friend had proposed last night.  She
wanted to tie Sam up and torment her sexually, as she herself had been
tormented the night before.  And she was going to be good at it, too. 
She would get Sam to teach her some things and then she would teach Sam
a thing or two.  That’s when she formulated the beginnings of the
plan.

She would send Sam off to the far reaches of the mall and while she
was gone, Jenni would buy up plenty of scarves to make the evening one
she and Sam would never forget.  She had started out the day with
a great deal of uncertainty, but now she was moving with confidence and
authority.  The rest of the day was almost a blur as her plan came
together.  The buying and hiding of the scarves (okay, she may have
gotten a bit carried away, buying a total of 73 scarves, but it would be
worth it she hoped, at least until Jason got the credit card bill)and the
quick dinner so she could get started earlier. Getting Sam to teach her
a little about tying was easy, Sam would be getting something out of this,
too.

And now she had Sam where she wanted her, helpless, horny and completely
at Jenni’s mercy.  She gazed down at her friend smiling, and slid
the controllers up another notch. As if by cue Sam’s moans picked up in
intensity, slowly picking up a rhythm, and raising in pitch.  Again
her hips gyrated (as much as they could) her hands waved uselessly behind
her and her head thrashed back and forth.  Higher and higher went
the pitch of her moans until they turned into squeals, harder and harder
she thrust her hips, and more and more she rocked, but to no avail.

Jenni watched and waited until it seemed like Sam was about to explode,
then she slid the controllers off again.  The wails from behind the
gag were one of the most pitiful sounds Jenni had ever heard, it sounded
like Sam was almost on the verge of tears, and as Jenni waited for Sam
to resume normal breathing and stop wailing and thrashing about, Jenni
wondered if she would be able to keep this up for total of 2 hours. 
It had only been 10 minutes so far, and already she was not only feeling
Sorry for Sam, she was starting to feel just a little horny watching her.

Finally Sam calmed sufficiently and Jenni decided to have a little harmless
fun at Sam’s expense.  “So, are you having fun so far?” Jenni asked,
as she reached out to caress Sam’s breast.  Sam’s reply, if it had
been understandable, would not have been fit to print.

“Are you trying to figure out how you can get me back when and if I
let you loose?”  Again the muffled sounds that certainly weren’t wishing
Jenni a Happy Birthday streamed from behind the silk packing.  “Will
it be as much fun as this?”  More stifled grunts and speech that had
a venomous tone to its sound.  “Of course that assumes that I’ll let
you loose at all.  I kinda like this.  I might just keep you
like this.  I mean, it isn’t like they’ll miss you at work, and Tom
and Jason won’t be home for another two weeks.  Of course there is
the question of the cleaning service.  I guess I could stuff you in
the corner of the closet and throw a bunch of coats on you, or maybe I
could smuggle you out to your SUV and hide you in the back while the cleaning
service is here, with a little something to keep you occupied, of course.”

As the next torrent of muffled epithets streamed out from around the
gag, Jenni slammed both controllers to their maximum.  Sam’s verbal
tirade ended in a scream of surprise, followed by a resigning groan as
if to say “Oh God, here we go again!” The rocking soon followed, then the
grunts then the whimpers, then the squeals.

And so it went for the next hour and forty five minutes.  Sam was
beginning to feel a little like a carousel horse, up and down, up and down,
over and over and over.  For her part, Jenni was taking way too much
pleasure teasing Sam with words or scarves, or scraping her fingernails
across her straining nipples, or tickling the soles of her feet or her
sides.  Then without warning, she’d drive Sam toward the orgasm that
never seemed like it would happen, only to yank her back from the edge
just when it seemed like she might finally make it.  It was brutal.

Of course Sam, having lost all track of time, had resigned herself to
the fact that Jenni was never going to let her achieve the release she
so desperately wanted.  She was tired and sweaty, she was mentally
exhausted from the roller coaster ride she’d endured, she was stiff from
being bound and the physical exertions of her struggles, she was hoarse
from her groaning, moaning, and shrieking, and she was sure that her sex
was swollen to the size of a watermelon.  But she’d gladly endure
all of that and more, if Jenni would just let her cum.  Fortunately
for Sam, her two hours were just about up.  Of course she had no way
of knowing that.

For the last 10 minutes of the two hours, Jenni worked hard to keep
Sam wound up the entire time.  The plug vibrated on ever-changing
speeds, thanks to Jenni’s manipulating fingers.  The tickling and
teasing went up a notch, too.  Jenni used everything at her disposal
to keep Sam at the very edge of her wits.  It was not easy for Jenni
to do, as she found it hard to not just step back and watch Sam, who was
the very vision of bound sexuality.

Poor Sam was so far gone that her struggles were little more than feeble
jerks and twitches, waving fingers and shifting of the shoulders. 
Her groans of pleasure had transformed into shrieks as Jenni continued
to drive her upward.  It wasn’t until she went sailing over the edge
into her first orgasm that Sam noticed anything was different, and by then
she was off to the races.

Jenni slammed the controllers up to their highest setting, laid the
controller down and just watched her friend.  Sam’s whole body went
rigid, attempting involuntarily to straighten up, but being brought up
short yet again by her bondage.  For a second she was completely silent,
and then it started.  Had she not been fastened to the bedposts, Sam
may have risen straight up off the bed.  She wailed into her gag as
the first orgasm caught fire inside her.  She bucked and heaved violently,
straining the scarves that bound her and coming no closer to freedom than
she had for the last two hours.  Finally, the first orgasm started
to subside, but Jenni left the controllers on high and pulled up a chair
to watch the remainder of her friend’s time in captivity.

The second orgasm started before the first one was even finished and
the concerto of sound and movement replayed itself again as Sam rode the
crest of the wave.  Her nostrils flared as she fought to get sufficient
air, but still she shrieked and screamed through the second orgasm. 
Then a third, even quicker than the second, and a fourth and fifth until
they ran together so much that Jenni couldn’t tell where the last one ended
and the next one began.

In a very short period of time, Sam’s previously coordinated efforts
had taken a turn for the worse.  She was jerking and heaving very
spastically, the concerted efforts to struggle against her bonds now reduced
to a series of involuntary muscle movements.  Her rhythmic grunts
and moans, previously timed with her struggles and other body movements
now sounded like weak little whines and whimpers as her body succumbed
to the exhausting series of orgasms.  It seemed to Jenni like Sam
was fading fast.

In ten minutes it was all over.  Well, actually two hours and ten
minutes.  Jenni took mercy on her friend at about 8 minutes into the
orgasm-a-thon and let Sam coast the last two minutes or so. Her breathing
was ragged but slowed eventually to a more even pace, the moaning and groaning
stopped and she slumped in her bonds, almost totally exhausted, her labored
breathing the only sounds she made.  A layer of sweat shone on her
body as she calmed.

Slowly and gently, Jenni began to untie her friend.  First the
four scarves tied to the bedposts, holding her in the middle of the bed,
then the scarf that ran from her crossed legs, through the scarves covering
her breasts, through the scarf at her waist and down between her legs around
her wrists and tied off at her elbows.  It was also the scarf that
held her implement of torture, the fat little plug of a vibrator, in place. 
Once released from that bent-over position, Sam slowly sat up straight. 
Well, almost straight, as her long arms once again got in the way of her
sitting erect.

As Jenni tipped Sam over on her side to remove the vibrator, she gently
eased the knobby intruder out of her friend, who let out a long low moan
as it was removed.  It was glistening, coated with her fluids to the
point where it was almost dripping. Jenni discarded the now silent toy
on the nightstand, tipped Sam back upright and went about untying her friend
the rest of the way.

Jenni picked at the knots binding her friend and as she removed her
bonds she tried to massage the places where the scarves had marked her
flesh as gently and smoothly as she could.  Each knot untied brought
a moan or a gasp from behind the gag still in place.  After several
minutes, her legs were untied and Sam slowly straightened them out, groaning
all the while.  More massaging, and then more untying and after fifteen
more minutes Sam was free. She collapsed on the bed as Jenni struggled
to untie the scarf holding the gag packing in place, followed by the blindfold.

Even though it was only 10:00 PM, Jenni knew that Sam was done for the
night.  After helping a wobbly-legged Sam to the bathroom to clean
up a little,  they talked to each other for the first time in over
two hours (okay Jenni had been talking and, for that matter Sam had been
talking too, it was just that no one could have understood what she was
saying).

Jenni started the conversation as Sam flopped on the bed, exhausted. 
“So how was it?  Did I do a good job?”

Sam was almost too spent to answer her. “That was amazing.  If
I could have gotten loose, I would have rung your neck.  But I couldn’t,
so I had to endure it.  You did an amazing job for a beginner. 
Are you sure you’ve never don’t this before?”

“No I promise.  Was it really that good?  It seemed like you
were really having a good time.”  Jenni giggled.

“Okay, I’ll tell you what.  If you’re up to it, tomorrow I’ll cook
up something even better for you.  We can try something a little more
restrictive, if you think you can handle it.” Sam replied, with a sly smile
on her face.

“Oh, I’m pretty sure I can handle it.  Just no rough stuff, okay?”

“I promise.  I’ll just tie you up really tight and make you wish
you hadn’t agreed to it.  That is, until I make you come.”

“Okay, but for now you need to get some sleep.  Let’s get you in
bed.”

Jenni struggled to get Sam under the covers and tucked her in between
the silk sheets.  As she bent forward and gently kissed Sam on the
forehead, she realized that Sam was already asleep.  Jenni couldn’t
wait for tomorrow.

CLICK!!

That had seemed so long ago.  Jenni shifted slightly, feeling the
weights dangle from the rubber bands attached to the slipknots of ribbon
on her nipples.  As the weights bobbed and swayed, the slipknots tightened
slightly more and a groan seeped out around the foam ball and through the
silk of the hood.  Jenni had to look in the mirrors to see herself,
she couldn’t even look down.  The blue silk-covered posture collar
made sure of that.  It was foam-lined covered in the same bright blue
silk as the hood she wore (along with the dark blue piping around the edges)
, and it held her head erect, unable to turn from side to side, unable
to look down…or up for that matter.  It came up under her chin and
held her mouth closed around the foam ball (as if the hood didn’t do a
good enough job of that already) and it came up behind her head as well. 
It ended at just under her ears on the side and made quite an effective
package.  And it was snug, laced tightly enough to be firm, but not
to choke her.  After all their time together, she knew Sam would never
do that.

Of course that didn’t take into account the knee high blue silk ballet
boots with the extra flap that kept each leg folded double.

CLICK!!

But then again, she never knew Sam could do this to her until three
months ago!

Part three coming up:  Dancing the night away… for now.

kurtman73@netscape.net
