---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Cage Experiments
authors:
- Professor Challenger
tags:
- Sbm
- cuffs
- mask
- chast
- toys
- cage
- garage
- F-m
- D-s
- bond
- tease
- cons
- X
date: 2005-09-14 00:00:00
---

**Part One**

Last night was the most recent of a series of
test runs in my newest toy—a new plus ultra of bondage equipment--. After
years of desire, I bought a steel standing cage. I’m sure you’ve seen pictures
of them. They are often referred to as “portable jail cells,” although
“portable” is a relative term—it is a heavy item! This one is six feet
tall and about 18” inches wide and deep, with the front door divided into
three panels for different levels of access. I bought mine from eXrestraints\*—very
good people to deal with: if you want it, they have it. Their prices are
not the cheapest, but I save a couple of hundred dollars by haunting their
auctions on eBay--.

But enough plugs. After UPS delivered the two
massive packages it came in, I cleared out a corner of my garage, and bolted
it together, a very straightforward process. Initially, I set it up on
a carpeted platform I also use for my X-frame, as the cage bottom is just
bars like the top—it has no “floor.”  After the initial test, I moved
the cage onto an old refrigerator dolly I had, with some carpeting on top,
which made it very easy to move the cage when desired.

My goal was to recreate a very erotic photograph
I have often looked at on the internet: it is by the late, great Tammad
Rimilia, one of the pioneering exponents of self-bondage on the Net, and
an exponent of chastity belts as well. The photo is on the Neosteel web
site ‘rogues gallery’ page, and shows a man locked in a cage of this type.
The man can not be identified because the picture is cropped to show him
only from the neck down, although he is evidently wearing a collar with
a large lock or tag. He is wearing a chastity belt of the Neosteel type,
has heavy shackles on his ankles, and similar manacles on his wrists. Strikingly,
his hands are manacled through the bars on the outside of the cage door,
so that he is attached to the cage, and could not get away even if the
cage doors were opened. This model cage has an attachment point in the
middle of the floor as well, and it is hard to tell if the shackle chain
is linked to it or not, but it appears not in this picture.

The erotic effect of this picture on me was powerful
and lasting. The man in the cage was SO screwed! He was not going ANYWHERE!
I knew that somehow, sometime, I HAD to do this, too.

The cage itself was the final piece of a puzzle
long in the assemblage. Through eBay (love eBay—pity they’re getting uptight
about bondage gear) I custom-ordered a set of very versatile heavy cuffs
for wrist, ankles and neck, that can be worked up into any number of configurations
with padlocks, sections of chain, or spreader bars. For this, I would be
using a simple arrangement—ankle cuffs with about eight inches of chain
between, and wrist cuffs with about three inches of chain.

Another vendor provided me with a steel bondage
mask. There are several of these out there, too, but of course I had to
have a custom design—the one often offered is too fierce and spiky looking
for a sub, in my opinion. Mine has a very blank faceplate with no mouth
opening at all, and very narrow eye slits. It has three purposes—besides
the obvious one of having a wonderfully heavy bondage feel, and restricting
vision without being a full blindfold, it also robs the wearer of identity—he
is a “man in the iron mask”. Since the man in the cage picture had no face,
I determined I would be a faceless, nameless captive also.  Third,
I have found that almost any gag I can wear comfortably for any period
of time, I can also eventually work out of my mouth. The mask fits closely
enough that there is no room to expel a gag, yet does not restrict breathing
as a hood might.

Someday, I will get a Neosteel chastity belt,
but the one I want with all the options would cost substantially more than
the cage did--. In the meantime, I have a substitute which is good enough
for dungeon play. I have an old leather male “chastity belt” with a locking
waist belt and crotch strap. The quotation marks are because the genitals
protrude through a hole in the g-string like front and are not covered
or restricted, so it is more just a harness, although more substantial
than most of the “plug harnesses” you find on the market today. I have
modified it by adding three small holes just above the genital opening
to accept the locking and guide pins for a CB-2000 chastity cage. I put
it on by first getting into the back ring of the CB-2000. Then, I cinch
and lock the leather waist belt. I feed my cock and balls through the front
of the leather chastity, and the CB-2000 locking pin though its hole. Then,
I can fit on the spacers and the CB-2000 main unit and lock. The final
step is cinching up and locking the crotch strap in back, and voila!

The cage itself required no modifications except
that I fastened a U-bolt around the center bar of the cage “floor” to make
an attachment point, which did not exist on this version.

I had agreed with my Mistress that I would experiment
with the cage for meditation this evening. As usual, my Mistress is my
‘release’—both very reliable but delightfully uncertain--. Being sure she
had the necessary keys, we agreed that, once I was in the cage, she would
come out and check on me to be sure I was OK, and then turn off the garage
lights and go back in for such time as she felt appropriate before coming
to give me the keys so I could release myself. Since I knew she had a writing
project in hand, I knew if she got on a roll it might be some time—on the
other hand, since we share a bed, I knew she wouldn’t forget and go to
bed without me--.

Prior tests had established that getting into
bondage gear after getting into the cage was difficult—I am broad-shouldered
and it doesn’t leave much maneuvering room—so I determined to get into
as much of the gear as possible beforehand. I took off all my clothes except
for some sandals (despite repeated sweepings, the garage floor remains
gritty) and lubed and inserted my large butt plug.  Controlling my
excitement, worked my way into the first ring of the CB-2000, and cinched
the waist belt as tightly as I could stand. I then interleaved the leather
chastity and the CB-2000 and locked that on. I then pulled the leather
crotch strap well up between my buttocks, and locked that as well. Next,
I carefully, locked on the heavy shackles. I inserted a leather gag of
the tongue-depressor type and buckled it snugly, and then carefully fit
the “iron mask” over my head and padlocked the collar of it around my neck. 
I locked one manacle on my left wrist, and taking the remaining padlock
in hand, began the shuffle off to my dungeon. I gave my Mistress the “thumbs
up” sign on my way out, and she wished me luck.

Our garage is detached, so I made my way to the
side door (which I could leave locked behind me) and cautiously stepped
out onto our driveway, which is in view of the street. Listening and peering
through the restricted vision let me know there was no one about (it was
about 8:30pm on a weeknight) and I hastened as best I could to the side
entrance of the garage. A useful note: very heavy shackles affect your
walking more than just the restriction of the chain would indicate. A heavy
cuff pressing on your Achilles tendon hampers walking all by itself, and,
your ability to balance yourself is also affected, so caution is called
for.

I got into the garage and to the cage with no
other trouble. Despite the fact that daytime temperatures outside had only
been in the high 70’s, the garage had been warmed by the sun and was a
good bit warmer inside, so I quickly worked up a slick sweat.

I stepped up into the cage, which was placed in
the very corner of the garage, so that only the front with doors and what
would be my right side faced out. I stepped up into the cage, and turned
to face the doors. I carefully crouched down, slipped off my sandals, and
used the waiting padlock to lock the center of my ankle chain to the floor
of the cage. Since the keys to all the locks were inside with my Mistress,
I would now remain a prisoner here until she came for me without more,
but of course I was going for more. I stood up, and one by one pulled the
three doors shut and fastened each one with its separate lock, enclosing
me securely and inescapably within the steel confines of the cage.

The only failure in this experiment came at this
point: I had brought along a pair of tweezer type nipple clips, which I
knew would have to be applied at this stage if at all, since they tend
to work loose if I am moving. These are about the only type I can tolerate
for more than a minute, since my nipples are very small and soft. Unfortunately,
given the slipperiness of my sweat, and the total lack of downward vision
enforced by the mask, I could not get them to stay on.  (There’s no
doubt about it—if my Mistress lets me, I HAVE to get my nipples pierced—there’s
so much erotic potential.)  So I gave up after several tries and finished
cuffing my wrists. I thrust them out through the bars of the top cage door,
and padlocked on the right cuff.  The chain went around a vertical
bar, so I could barely pull one or the other hand back inside the cage
at a time, and above the horizontal bar of the cage door, so my hands were
held at about the same level as my shoulders. This was not as onerous as
it might be, since I was able to rest my forearms on the crossbar.

Having done all I could, I pondered my position.
All the keys needed to free me were inside the house, which I was locked
out of. I was solidly locked inside a small steel cage, far too heavy for
me to shift anywhere in my present state, even if there were anywhere to
move it to, which there was not. I was masked and gagged, hands cuffed
and locked to the bars, ankles shackled and locked to the cage bottom,
“chastised” and plugged. A very nice predicament. Of course I could not
touch myself anywhere, but I tried some pelvic thrusting against the belt.
Nothing happened as far as my genitals were concerned, but tightening my
buttocks made the tightly-strapped-in plug move within me. While being
able to mildly ass-fuck myself was interesting, I decided to give it a
rest for the time being.

After several minutes, my Mistress came in to
check on my progress and safety. She glanced me over approvingly, saying
that I was quite artistic. (One of the fantasies that goes along with the
cage is being gotten up like this and used as a conversation piece at a
party or event. This will never happen, since we are very private about
our perversions, but it’s fun to think about.) She reached through the
bars and caressed me, including such skin of my penis and scrotum as were
touchable through the CB, which made me feel the constriction of the chastity
very keenly indeed!

She asked if there was anything she could do for
me. I pointed to the nipple clips, the chain of which I had stuck into
my waist belt. She also tried to affix them, but, given the slipperiness
of my skin and the awkwardness of trying to work between the bars she soon
gave up as well. She took the useless clips away with her, and as she left,
turned off the lights. Remarking that she found the interior of the garage
uncomfortably close, she left the side door open!

This was an additional titillation: although we
live in a secure neighborhood, the possibility of some prowler happening
by couldn’t be entirely discounted—I wonder what a garage burglar might
think or do if he found me? Would he just run away, or cheerfully tip me
a wink as he helped himself to my lawn mower? What we do have in our area
was wild life, and raccoons and other creatures had gotten into our garage
more than once—what would I do if I found some animal snuffling around
my feet? Realistically, one expects that the powerful smell of sweaty man
would probably warn off most beasts, but at this point, fantasy was my
focus.

There I was, no more than a caged beast myself,
caged in the darkened garage, the only thing visible the dim play of exterior
lights reflected on the far wall. I had no face, no voice, no sex. I couldn’t
really move my feet at all, just enough to shift my weight a bit and ease
my muscles occasionally. I could have twiddled my thumbs, but that’s all
my hands were good for. I centered myself, letting myself sink gradually
into “subspace”. I suppose a normal man would have found my situation immediately
torturous. After all, besides my enforced position, the heavy shackles
pinched my ankles. My ass was distended by the invading plug, and any shift
of position reminded me of it. My genitals strained against their unyielding
binding. My waist was restricted by the tight belt such that a deep breath
was beyond me. The mask weighed on my head, and there was no way for me
to ease the tickles of sweat and hair inside it. But in subspace we find
the mysterious alchemy that transmutes a cacophony of minor irritations
into a harmony of erotic sensation.

I began to feel a bit light-headed, but re-centered
and controlled my breathing. Fainting or collapsing as I was was not an
option! Thus, I was in a trancelike state of awareness when I heard stealthy
footsteps approaching in the darkness.  I recognized my Mistress’s
step and was not alarmed, although when she attacked me with her fingernails
through bars, had I not been restrained, the sheer power of the stimulus
would have put me through the roof! I groaned and growled as she teased
and tormented my exposed thighs, buttocks, flanks and chest, not forgetting
to remind my captured genitals of the heat of her touch. Having thoroughly
aroused the beast within the cage, she casually wished me good night and
retreated into the house!

Words could not express the state I now found
myself in. I moaned and writhed in the cage, unable to either overcome
the strictures of my bondage, or to settle back to a state of calm.

(I should note here that, in my continued hazardous
practice of ‘working without a net,’ there was no way for me to signal
my Mistress that I wanted to be released, had I done so. We have a “baby
monitor” but found it didn’t really work from the garage to the house.
My more radical proposal for a safety was vetoed by my Mistress—putting
one of the garage door remote controls on the cage floor where I could
activate it with a toe. Using it would certainly alert her of trouble,
but it would also open the main garage door and activate interior and exterior
lights, exposing me to any passers by--.)

My arousal and frustration was just wearing off
when Mistress reappeared, turning on the lights and handing me keys to
my cuffs and the cage. She stood by to watch me escape, saying that, after
all, if I had dropped the keys outside the cage, I would have been out
of luck, which was certainly true!

With reasonable speed I managed to undo my manacles,
open the cage doors, and unlock the shackles from the cage floor. I grabbed
my sandals, knowing I was going to have to wash anyway, and hobbled after
my Mistress as she left me to follow her.

Once inside the house, I relieved myself of the
shackles, which were by now becoming uncomfortable (trying to walk in them
is worse than standing still), and caught my Mistress in a rapturous hug.
She laughed at being so embraced by this still faceless, voiceless, sexless
figure, and directed me upstairs where the remaining keys, the shower,
and eventual relief all awaited.

**Part Two**

Since acquiring the cage, the months that followed
saw progressively more elaborate iterations of bondage associated with
the cage. I did in fact get my nipples pierced, and found a twelve-gauge
straight barbell holding a stirrup to be most comfortable and useful. (Note:
I also have septum and Prince Albert piercings, which I recommend to anyone
seriously into bondage, as the possibilities are endless. I wear a bullet-style
keeper in the septum for every-day, and it is undetectable.)

For one of my most elaborate exercises, I had
made some minor additions to the cage. I hung a six-foot chain from the
top of the cage at the rear, which made a convenient series of attachment
points. I also hung a shorter chain from the top front edge, and made additional
attachment points in the doors and sides by the simple expedient of 
tightening on small c-clamps, which hold tightly enough for my purposes.
When I settle on a permanent configuration I will install some eyebolts--.

On a particular warm evening, I had modified my
heavy cuffs by adding one-foot spreader bars between the ankles and the
wrists. The shackle was locked to the floor of the cage, and the manacle
hung from the short chain in front so that it hung just above the bottom
of the top door. This was mainly for keeping it handy, although it did
add some additional restriction.  I also had hung my steel mask from
the top center of the cage so that it hung from a convenient height. Again,
this was intended mainly for ease in getting into it, but there were desirable
secondary effects to be described.  I had an open padlock ready hanging
on the back chain, and I had used the c-clamps to attach three rubber bands
holding light spring clips to the front of the cage, two chest high and
one at groin level.

I prepared myself by putting on my chastity arrangement
as previously described, and slipped on pants, shirt and sandals. I went
out to the garage accompanied by my Mistress, since I would need her help
with the final wrist cuff. (For more elaborate scenarios, we have arrived
at a sort of “assisted self-bondage”. I design the set-ups and get myself
into as much as I can. My Mistress supervises to see that I am safe, and
completes any touches I can’t finish myself.)

At the cage, I stripped and handed my clothes
to her. I got in, squatted down, and padlocked my ankles into the shackles.
As before, the keys were in the house at this time, so I was a prisoner
at this point, but of course we went on.

I pulled the lower door closed and padlocked it.
Then I gingerly stood up, and closed and locked the middle and upper doors,
enclosing myself within the cage. I reached behind myself and hooked the
chain padlock into the back of my chastity belt at a taut level. 
I had tied a loop of cord through my Prince Albert ring to be sure I could
get at it through the end slit of the CB-2000, and pulled the ring down
so that I could attach the spring-clip to the lower rubber band.

I had draped my leather plug gag through the collar
of the mask, and I now took that in hand and applied it snugly, then eased
the mask over my head and locked it closed. Only a few more steps.

Next to last, I hooked the clips from the chest-level
rubber bands to the stirrups in my nipples. These were the kind of bands
that are about six inches long unstretched, and gave a gentle pressure
out and down, which intensified somewhat when I raised my arms to thrust
my wrists out through the upper door and into the manacles. I closed the
padlock on my right wrist, and then put my left one into place as my Mistress
closed and locked the final cuff. She looked me up and down, expressed
admiration of my inventiveness, and gave me a few teasing strokes through
the bars, then gathered up my clothes and left. As she departed, she turned
off the garage lights and left the door ajar as we had in the past.

This left me to stew, a more helpless captive
than ever before, but capable of substantial self-teasing.  The chain
behind me pulled my chastity belt taut and forced the butt plug I was wearing
into me. If I rocked back to ease that pressure, the rubber band in front
applied a surprising amount of tension to my penis, even though it was
restrained in the CB-2000.  Pushing my hips forward to relax the rubber
band of course increased pressure on the butt plug. Any shrugging of my
shoulders or movement of my arms or upper body caused the upper rubber
bands to tug on my nipples. Further, the rope holding the steel mask to
the top of the cage restricted my ability to even turn my head, or look
down as much as the mask ever let me.  I writhed and struggled as
much as the steel, leather and rubber would let me—not much, frankly—testing
my bonds.

Finding all secure,  I began to settle into
subspace, meditating on the patches of dim exterior light on the far wall
that were all that I could see,  slowly twisting in my bonds to tease
myself sensuously, and keeping half an ear on the sound of distant traffic
and neighbors coming and going in their own garages and back yards. Could
any of them ever suspect what was happening a few yards away? The garage
door was open—what if a prowler or burglar were to come in? What would
he think? What would he do? There was certainly nothing I could do—I was
totally helpless and defenseless. Would such a person abuse me? Flee in
confusion? Or tip me a nod as he helped himself to my lawn mower?

Such speculations leaped to mind as I heard a
stealthy footfall, which I quickly recognized as that of my Mistress. 
She did not speak, but approached me quietly in the darkness, stood only
breathing for a moment, then reached through the bars and caressed me.
My moan of response evidently told her all she needed to know, as she then
went to work in earnest, alternating caresses with stokes of various sharp
implements worn on her fingers, and the occasional playful pluck of a rubber
band. Zing!

By the time she got done working on me, two hours
had passed since I got into the cage, and I was more than ready to be let
out. One of the items I had been teased with was the key ring, and Mistress
unlocked the wrist she had originally locked up, and then stood by as I
worked my way loose.  The keys to the mask had been left inside, as
were my clothes, so I had to follow her into the house blinkered and naked
but for the chastity belt to get entirely free.  Since it was late,
a long shower and bed followed.

**“Pure” self-bondage in the cage.**

A couple of weeks later, I decided to take another
tack, and try a much simpler session in the cage. My Mistress would be
working all day, so I would be totally on my own. For this session, I had
prepared my Timecuffs (see, “[The Timecuff Experiment](../storiessz/time_cuff_experiment.html)”) with a filling of
water that should have been good for an hour and a half to two hours. About
10AM I went into the garage, and locked one end of the Timecuffs to the
ceiling of the cage. I stripped and got into the cage, and locked it. I
had with me a pair of standard handcuffs, my key ring, and a length of
cord. I tied the cord through the key ring, and tied the cord to the center
door of the cage, so the keys could not fall out of reach. I put the keys
on the cage floor, locked on the standard handcuffs in front of myself,
and then locked the dangling Timecuff around the chain of the handcuffs.

My hands were thus held at about the level of
my neck. I was otherwise completely naked, and had not added any other
elaborations with which to amuse myself. I have to say, that I found this
very simple bondage situation very boring, but then, being a prisoner is
boring isn’t it? I concentrated on achieving a meditative state, and effort
that was eventually hindered by my tendency to fiddle with the Timecuff
plug and the minor irritation of having cold water slowly drip over my
hands.

After what seemed to me to be more than an hour
and a half, with the Timecuffs not near defrosted enough for escape, I
began to worry. There was no doubt that eventually the ice would completely
melt, freeing me, but when? My Mistress would be home by 4PM, and I would
be in for it, and not in a pleasant S&M way, if she caught me playing
by myself and getting stuck. I began considering my situation.

The key ring was tied to the cage door by a cord.
The cord reached the cage floor with ample slack.  I was able, after
a couple of tries, to take the cord in the toes of one foot, and, squatting
down, to drape it over the bent knee of my other leg. Then, I carefully
lifted the knee up to my chest, and, with the slack that had grown in the
partially melted Timecuffs, grasp the cord in my hands and reel in the
keys. I blessed the martial arts practice that preserved my flexibility
and the fact that I hadn’t decided to wear shackles. Otherwise, I would
have had to have a bit longer wait.

I freed myself, dressed and went inside, finding
that indeed it was past noon. I left the Timecuffs dangling and checked
back periodically between other errands, to find that the cuffs had come
apart about 2PM, almost twice as long as anticipated. At this point I don’t
really know if I mismeasured the amount of water used (most likely possibility)
or if the slight temperature differential from the house to the garage
made that much difference, or if something about the vertical as opposed
to horizontal position of the cuffs made a difference. Oh, well—at least
that gives an excuse for—further experiments!
