---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Harry Gets Caught
authors:
- Restricted
tags:
- FF/m
- strip
- naked
- wrap
- bagged
- inflate
- gag
- entombed
- stuck
- cons
- X
date: 2006-06-04 00:00:00
---

Harry
was worried about being seen. He had spotted the massage parlour a long time ago
and from "whispers" knew it was a cover for a brothel. He always thought
they should be legal. Better that than having a woman raped. But
now, he had not had sex for a year. He needed relief.  He walked up and down the street and even went around the block. Harry
took notice of all the shops along the road. Grocers, hairdressers, the
massage parlour, sweetshop, chemists, and a few odds and ends of shops.

But
now he saw no one was looking. He threw himself through the doorway and closed
it behind him. "Can I help you?" the young girl sitting behind the desk
asked.

"How much?"

"How much what sir?"

"Full sex?"

The girl rang
a bell and a door opened on the other side of the room. An older woman came
out. "Cheeky chap comes in here and demands to know how much we charge for
full sex!"

"Oh did he, well we don't do that sort of thing here. You
need to see a lady of the night!" the older woman told him.

Harry
apologised and left the shop. Still no one about. He started walking and had
got about 100 yards and the woman came after him. "I am sorry about that,
but we have to be very careful that you are not from the police!" She took
him back to the shop. "What can we do for you?"

"What do you do?"

"Massage, bondage, cross-dressing, mummification, anything you want really.
We could lock you in a chastity belt and you would have to find the
combination number of the lock! Full sex, and queening. What takes your
fancy?"

"What is the bondage you mention?"

"You are inquisitive!
Hogtie, spread-eagled on a bed. Suspension, put on a wheel, tied to a cross,
whipping or anything. Cages we have, coffins in case you want burying. How
much do you want to spend?"

"I
only have so much. How much would you charge if I leave the decision to you to
decide?"

"I tell you what I will do. We have a new bag we wish to try out.
You could be our test pilot. You can have a half hour free".

"Thank
you!"

Her attitude changed. "Go into that back room and strip. I want you
naked when I get in there."

"What?"

"Are you simple? In there and
strip".  Harry rushed into the
other room and the woman and girl followed him in.

"You
can pay for the first wrapping!"

"Okay!"  

The
two women got some rolls of bondage tape and slowly wrapped him from his toes
to his head. Only his nose and eyes were showing. The elder of the two women
went to a corner of the room and turned a light fitting sideways. A panel slid
open. The two women picked him up and carried him into the room. The panel
closed behind them.

He
was slipped into an air bag. This came from Germany
and was new. This is what they were doing the test run on. All the studs were
done up so there was no escape. A pump was switched on. The bag consisted of
two layers. The air quickly filled the space between the two layers making him
immobile in no time. The pump was switched off and a valve was turned off. The
pump was disconnected.

The
young girl went and got Harry's clothes and put them in the room with him.
He was enjoying this very much. He felt like an Egyptian mummy. He tried
wriggling, but the airbag was strong and only allowed a certain amount of
movement.

The
woman came over and looked at him, "You look nice and snug. Are you okay?"

"Yes, it is very comfortable thanks"

"Good, because we are about to shut
the shop up and go for lunch. You don't mind staying here do you?"

Harry
went to speak, but she took a piece of material made of the same material the
airbag was made of and  put it
over his face. It had a tube through the middle of it and this was put into his
mouth. It allowed air in and held down his tongue so he could not talk. The
woman fastened all the studs around his face. He was in total darkness and
could not move a muscle.

The
young girl said, "Doesn't he look cute. I love it when a big strong man is
caught by a mere girl!" The elder woman laughed. They turned the light out
and closed the door behind them.

They
left the shop and three policemen came running towards them. "I am arresting
you both on suspicion of running a brothel." One of them said and read out
her rights. The policemen took the women back into the shop and searched the
inner room. Harry could hear them. He had to be quiet in case they found the
room he was in. But they didn't.  Harry
realised what was happening, but could not call out. The women were arrested
and taken away. The police locked the shop door behind them.

Harry
was alone. How long would they be?  Supposing
they charge her and she is sentenced. Harry had never been in trouble so did
not know how the courts worked. Supposing she got a six months sentence? He
would be dead before she came back. His mind was racing in all directions.
What was to become of him? And all he wanted was sex! Perhaps she would tell
them where she had put Harry if she got sentenced, but then again, she could
keep her mouth shut and hope he lives until she got out.  Harry was sick with fear. He tried to wriggle but found it impossible.

He would have to wait and see what his fate was.
