---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Bed Bondage
authors:
- selfhelp
tags:
- n/a
date: 2002-09-22 00:00:00
---

8 Bed Bondage

As a way of introduction I should explain that when first married my
wife was game for a little B&B  (bed and bondage) from time to
time.  But her heart wasn't really in it, a situation I'm sure many
readers can relate to.  The B&D and D&S was just to please
me.  Sometimes when I knew what time she would be home I would be
waiting for her, naked and bound on the bed except for my left hand where
all was needed was to click the lock.  When I heard the characteristic
car sound and her entering the house, I would then pull the blindfold down
and click the last lock closed.

Time went on and her enthusiasm was waning.   One day I was
poised, bound face down to the bed in an upstairs bedroom and blindfolded. 
The door opened and closed downstairs;  she was home.  I locked
the lock and waited.  When she finally came upstairs to "discover"
me there,  all I heard was "oh no;  not again!". 
She went
back downstairs and luckily I had left some slack in the chains and was
able to unsnap one of my arms and escape.  No need to go into the
following discussion, only to say that I determined then and there never
to "subject" her to this again.

What to do?  The answer was obvious and thus began my solo adventures.  
I'm not sure whether I read about melting ice somewhere or if it came to
me.  (This was before the internet)  When my wife was away overnight
was the perfect time, since no kids around.  Just me, myself, and
I.

A king sized bed is a perfect bondage platform.  It's big enough
to spread out on with the straps tight and not likely to become entangled. 
Two dog leashes anchored to the bottom iron posts of the bed served as
ankle straps, each being connected with a double ended snap to the ankle
cuffs which were dog collars.  Now for the hardware.  I cut a
couple of four foot chains from the hardware store, plus a shorter six
inch chain.

Well before the evening bondage session I prepared the ice bottle. 
This was an old 5 ounce hairspray bottle shaped so that the bottom was
about 1 1/2 inches wide but tapering upwards to the relatively narrow neck. 
Into the bottle filled with water I inserted one of the four foot chains
and placed the apparatus into the freezer, knowing that six hours later
the bottle would be a self contained ice cube with the chain protruding. 
Back to the bed now.  On the upper right of the mattress was the other
four foot chain secured to the iron post on the floor.  The master
lock was hooked in an appropriate link.  My wrists were cuffed with
dog collars and locked with two small locks inserted into the last hole
on the leather so that the cuffs would not be removable since  the
key was safely out of reach.   The key to the master lock was
placed hanging on a strap above where my head would be positioned when
bound  and thus avilable to me when the ice bottle melted and freed
me.  The third six inch chain was then locked onto the D ring of my
right wrist.  The chain would then be available to that hand to lock
to the master lock and secure me finally.   All that was left
was when the time came to take the ice bottle out and secure it to the
left iron post of the bed with the end of the chain up on the bed to lock
to my left cuff.

Okay.  So far so good.  What else would help?  The mirror
in the bathroom was easily removed by sliding it out from the plastic holders. 
Propping it up and slanting it just right, I would have a view of my poor
(?) bound body during my captivity.
placing two upright chairs on either side of the bed, I laid a long
curtain rod on them so that it spanned the bed and thus provided a place
to tie the nipple clamps.  Two rubber bands would provide some small
measure of tension pulling my nipples upwards.   The very thought
of this made my cock swell already.  Hmmmm.....  I could hardly
(pun intended) wait!   And of course a butt plug would be just
right.  It was a rather smallish "T" shaped plug of plastic, but it
curved in just the right place thus providing contact with the prostate
gland.   It was still light out and the ice bottle wouldn't be
ready for another hour or so.

I took a leisurely hot shower, taking time to stroke very carefully
my cock, which was so hard in anticipation.  When it was dark I cuffed
myself, locking my cuffs behind me and went out back and walked around
the large yard, knowing I would not be discovered by any neighbors. 
Coming back in, I found that particular key and unlocked my wrists and
got the ice bottle and hurried to the bedroom.  Taping the ice bottle
to the upper left iron bed post, I carefully positioned the chain on the
bed with a lock available.  Then inserted the butt plug and made sure
the nipple clamps were dangling with proper tension.  One last check
and it was time.  I laid on the bed and secured my ankle cuffs, laying
back and enjoying the spread feeling of my legs.  After attaching
the nipple clamps and reveling in the upward tug of the rubber bands I
flung my left arm out and with my right hand attached it to the lock and
chain at upper right.  No getting away here until the ice bottle melted. 
Now the moment of  truth that many reading this will relate to. 
Spreading my right arm outwards I took the short chain firmly in hand and
found the long chain and master lock.  After some fumbling to make
sure that the lock shanks were engaged correctly in the furtherest possible
link, I hesitated before snapping the lock.  CLICK!

Many of you know the feeling.  it's that moment of truth. 
The point of no return.  Looking at myself now in the mirror I smiled
and noted how taut the leashes and chains pulled my limbs, and how the
rubber bands stretched my nipples upwards.  And I noticed how incredibly
hard my cock was.  Nothing to do now but wait and wonder how long. 
The clock radio had been turned face to wall so that I would have no idea
of the passage of time.

There's not much more to tell here.  Finally after about two and
a half hours the ice bottle melted and my left arm was free to get the
key hanging above me to unlock my right arm and free the rest of me. 
The following orgasm though, was one of the very best!

--------------------------------
The author is [selfhelp@bellsouth.net](mailto:selfhelp@bellsouth.net) 
and would welcome any comments and suggestions for refining this method. 
And if any actually try it let me know what happened and what other embellishments
you used.
