---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Who Wants A New Life
authors:
- Darkraptor1
tags:
- MM-f
- mum
- packed
- cons
- X
date: 2005-02-01 00:00:00
---

The newest reality TV series - "Who Wants a New Life".

This is part one of a story.  The majority of the mummy action
will take place in following part(s).  Hope you all enjoy!

“And welcome back to, ‘Who wants a new life’ ”

I groan as I watch the host of the show walk around on the stage floor,
boasting to the audience about how popular the show is, and how they are
going to choose the winner, blah blah blah.

For a few moments I wonder why on earth I’m here.  It’s pretty
simple.  My life as a secretary at a business office was not exactly
the most exciting job on earth, so I decided to try this new reality series
on TV that promises that winners will have their lives totally re-done
for them.  Despite my family’s wishes, I went in to sign up.

That went simply enough.  All I had to do was sign a few forms
saying that I released the TV corporation from any and all damages, how
I would not sue them for emotional distress, etc.  The only odd part
was near the bottom of the form, which read, “Contestant agrees that the
corporation is allowed to completely change the contestant’s life in any
way they see fit, excluding illegal activities.”  I thought they wouldn’t
do anything crazy, so I signed the form, and here I am on a stage in front
of millions of TV watching people.  Oh, before I forget, my name is
Cheryl.  I’m 30, about 5’5, 130 pounds, blond hair, female, and I
wear glasses.

“So America, who is it going to be?!”  The announcer’s voice snaps
me back to reality.  “Will it be…Liv…Terry…or Cheryl?”  The three
of us smile and wave towards the roaring crowd in front of us.

“I am such an idiot to be here.”  I think to myself.

The announcer takes a small envelope from a stagehand behind the curtain. 
“And now, I hold in my hand, the winner of ‘Who wants a new life’!” 
The announcer boasts in his loud voice.  “And the winner is…” He opens
the envelope as slowly as possible, trying to keep the suspense going.

“Just get it over with.”  I think.  “I have some reports to
type up tomorrow.”

“…CHERYL!”  The announcer shouts.  Withought thinking, my
hands fly to my mouth to try and suppress the shriek of surprise that comes
from my mouth.  I’ve won!  The audience and other contestants
erupt into applause and cheering.  My legs almost fail me as I try
to keep my balance, my heart racing a mile a minute.

The announcer walks up to me.  “Congratulations Cheryl!  You’ve
won!  How do you feel?”  I try to say something, but my throat
is choked up, making talking impossible.

“Too surprised?  That’s OK!”  He turns to the audience. 
“All right America, you’ve voted to change Cheryl’s life!  Now, lets
do it!”

He turns to me.  “Cheryl, to make everything a huge surprise for
you, we’ve got to knock you out.”  A doctor comes on stage, carrying
a syringe.  My eyes go wide with surprise.  Is this even legal?

As if he can read my thoughts, the announcer says, “Don’t worry, it’s
just a sleeping drug.  It’ll knock you out for a few hours, then you’ll
wake up good as new…except you’ll be different!”

Before I can say anything, the doctor quickly puts the needle through
the skin and injects a clear liquid into my arm.  Almost instantly
my vision gets fuzzy, and I’m pleasantly warm and comfy.  My legs
are too relaxed to listen to my brains commands, and they give out under
me.  I start to fall down, but luckily the other contestants catch
me.  I look up at them, too lethargic to care about anything. 
Then everything goes dark.

I don’t remember anything about what happened after that.  I did
hear some muted talking and felt something against my arm, but that was
it.

When feeling slowly started to come back to me, I was tempted to just
lie in the darkness.  I was way too tired to wake up.  I tried
to roll over to find a comfy spot, but my arms would not respond. 
That got my sleep-fogged brain working again as I tried once more to roll
over.  Then my brain woke up fully, and I opened my eyes.

I was in a room that was neither too dark nor too bright.  As to
be expected, I was quite confused.  “She’s awake!”  The singsong
voice of the announcer said.  I saw his face come over mine.

“So Cheryl, are you ready to see the new you?”  I looked at him,
too drowsy to say anything.  My mind was trying to figure out the
problem of why my entire body felt kind of numb.  “All right, lift
her up!”  The announcer said.  I felt myself being lifted up
by unseen people.  There was a mirror in front of me.  What I
saw shocked me completely.

My head was there, but that was it.  Where my body should have
been, there was only a narrow compressed form built completely out of a
white material.  I stared at myself in the mirror.  Then I suddenly
realized what had happened.  I had been wrapped up!  Like an
Egyptian mummy!  I had been wrapped up from the tip of my toes to
the bottom of my chin in white fabric.  I let out a startled gasp
and thrashed, trying to wake up from this bizarre dream.

“Calm down Cheryl!”  The announcer said.  It just occurred
to me that I didn’t even know his name.  “You’re supposed to be like
this!”  I managed to twist my head in his direction.  “Wha…?” 
I asked.  “We’ve wrapped you up like this to keep you safe and comfy
for your upcoming trip.”

“What upcoming trip?”  I managed to ask.

“Now that’s the surprise!”  He said.  “That’s part of your
total life makeover!”  He nodded to some stagehands.  “Let’s
take her to the stage.”  He leaned down close to me.  “Trust
me, you’ll want this.”  He said.

Before I could ask him what he was talking about, something came over
my eyes and was pulled tight.  My eyes instinctively closed as more
of the material was pulled over my eyes.  I realized they were wrapping
my face!  “LET ME GO!  LET ME…” Before I could finish, a stagehand
stuffed something that felt like linen in my mouth, silencing my protests. 
“Careful!”  The announcer said, abandoning his singsong voice. 
“Make sure she can breathe!”  That brief statement touched me for
a moment as bandages were wrapped around my mouth, securely locking it
shut.

“MMMPPHHHH!”  I shouted through the bandages that blocked my mouth. 
“Sorry Cheryl, but we’ve got to get you out there.”  The announcer
said.  The stagehands worked quickly, and soon my entire head was
bandaged tightly within two layers of bandages.

I heard the announcer’s voice next to my head.  “Just breathe slow
and steady, and you’ll be fine.”  He said.  “WHHMMMMPHH?” 
I tried to ask.  I was not used to being denied access to my own voice. 
But the announcer didn’t answer, and I felt myself being lifted up and
carried someplace.

It was surreal, being carried someplace when I could not see anything. 
My eyes were practically glued shut from the bandages across them. 
I could faintly hear my surroundings, though all sounds were muffled very
well.  I could faintly feel how my limbs were placed.  My legs
felt really thick, as if someone had wrapped each of them separately, then
wrapped them together.  My arms were crossed over my chest, pointed
upwards towards my chin, as if I was pressing on my chest.  I tried
moving them, but the bandages held them in place easily.  Whoever
had wrapped me had done his or her job very well.

I was carried for a few more seconds, and then I heard the announcer’s
voice from somewhere up ahead.  “And now, here is Cheryl, ready for
her new life!”  The stagehands carrying me broke into a jog, and I
realized we were on the stage.  A loud muffled roar managed to make
it’s way through the bandages.  I realized that the crowd was now
looking at me, and I was glad they had wrapped my face.  That way,
I would not have to look at them.

The stagehands stopped and then stood me up.  I staggered, trying
to keep my balance.  But several pairs of hands held me reassuringly,
keeping me upright.  I had to depend on them, because I couldn’t do
anything at all.  All I could do was listen to the announcer speak.

“You all may be wondering why we’ve wrapped Cheryl up like this.” 
The announcer said through the microphone.

“Yeah, I’m wondering that too.”  I thought to myself.

“In order to give Cheryl a new life, we must treat her like a caterpillar. 
Just as the caterpillar must spin itself into a cocoon to become a butterfly,
we have done the same to Cheryl.  When she comes out, she will be
a completely new person!  And now we will show you, the audience,
where we are sending Cheryl!  But to keep it a surprise for her, we
are not going to tell her, so she’s in the dark so to speak.”

I wondered what on earth the guy was talking about.  “Sending me?” 
I thought.  At that moment I began to have second thoughts about sigining
that application form.

“I will now pull out a sheet of paper that has the country that we’re
sending Cheryl too!”  The announcer said.  “And we’ll also put
it on our huge TV so everyone can see it!”  There was a few seconds
of silence.  “And here is where she is going!”

Although I can’t see it, I know the announcer holds up a large card
that had the name of a country written down on it.  At that moment,
the huge TV on stage lights up with the name of the country as well. 
I can hear a loud gasp from the audience.  I tried to grit my teeth. 
I so wish I could see what was going on!

“Yes, there you have it.  The country that Cheryl is off too! 
Let’s give her a warm round of applause!”  I could hear some muted
clapping from outside my shell.  “Well, withought waiting any longer,
lets send her on her way!”

I was suddenly lowered onto something.  A stretcher I think. 
It’s picked up, and I’m carried away, completely and utterly helpless. 
Then hands begin to move me onto, or into something.  What on earth
is going on?

“We’re going to put Cheryl into this crate and ship her off on a plane
to her destination.  It’ll be a short trip, so she’ll stay alive. 
Seal her up!”  He says.

Then I suddenly realize what’s going on.  I’m placed on top of
some soft material, most likely blankets.  Then lots of tiny things
fall on my bandaged body.  Packing peanuts!  They’re really shipping
me off somewhere!  After thirty seconds, the peanuts stop raining
down and I hear a lid being placed onto my container.

The sounds of locks being clasped shut, sealing me inside.  I’m
being locked in a crate!

“Well, looks like she’s complete!”  The announcer’s voice is exceptionally
difficult to hear now.  “Let’s take her away!”  My crate is slowly
lifted up, then slid into something.  Then I hear an engine start
up, and the crate begins to move!

As I lie helpless within my crate, buried between packing peanuts and
blankets, cocooned in my wrappings of bandages, I’m utterly and totally
helpless to do anything about my situation.

The last thing I hear from the studio is the announcer’s faint voice. 
“Good luck Cheryl, and enjoy your new life!”

To be continued

Any feedback is greatly appreciated.  It lets me hear what people
like and don’t like, and helps me improve my stories!

If you are curious to see the type of style that Cheryl is wrapped up
in, I based it on these pictures.  http://adult.pornparks.com/mummy/8/g80.html
