---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Rubber Bondage Slave
authors:
- rbp818
tags:
- Sbm
- latex
- straitjacket
- stuck
- F/m
- bond
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2004-01-14 00:00:00
---

**Part One**

**Preface**

This is a story about a young man who has a secret dream about being
Bondaged in Strait Jackets and of being made into a Rubber Bondage Prisoner
or a Rubber Bondage slave. However his ‘secret’ turns out to be not as
secret as he thought. It suddenly becomes reality when the dreamer finds
himself encased and enclosed in a Rubber Strait Jacket and Bondage he cannot
escape from. He finds he is going to be the Rubber Bondage prisoner of
a Rubber Mistress who plans to make him into Her Rubber Bondage slave.

He finds to his dismay - but really he is delighted - that the Rubber
Mistress has taken away all his ‘normal’ clothes and he has only Rubber
clothes to put on and a set of self-locking chains. He is offered a lifetime
of continuous Rubber Bondage for which he will have to toil, be tormented
and suffer endlessly for his new Rubber Mistress who as would be expected
will stand for no nonsense. Retribution is severe and takes many forms.
He soon discovers his Rubber Mistress can be very cruel and She has a very
devious turn of mind and knows countless ways to make Her Rubber Bondage
prisoner suffer endless torment. Like his torment this is one of those
stories that never has an end.

We should leave him suffering dreadful torments in his Rubber Bondage
at the hands of his Cruel Rubber Mistress. But I’m sure the reader would
much prefer to follow some of the exciting and tormented steps of his new
life as a Rubber Bondage prisoner and Rubber slave to be. Read on and see
how close this story is to your own fantasy and remember how thin a line
we tread between fantasy and reality. It is quite strange how the most
unlikely looking Lady can turn out to be the very person who will make
your fantasy spring to life. The writer of this story can speak with some
knowledge on the matter. Of course even the writer does at some time suffer
with ‘writers cramp’ so all good things must come to an end. Well only
the story as the ‘Epilogue’ will make clear to the reader.

**Chapter 1 -** **Life begins at Twenty-One.**

My fascination with Strait Jackets goes back to my childhood days. I
had been taken to a sort of show in our local ‘Hall’ and one of the acts
was an escape artist. He had been secured into a canvas Strait Jacket and
I had been thrilled as all the straps and buckles were done up and then
pulled tight trapping and encasing him inside the Strait Jacket. As I grew
older I longed to be an escape artist and to be strapped into a Strait
Jacket everyday. I kept a scrapbook of pictures and descriptions of Strait
Jackets. But it was a dream, so I never told anyone about my fascination
for this wonderful garment. However I found myself attracted to Rubber
Mackintoshes but never at that early age understood the strange feelings
they created when I put them on.

I left school at 16 years and I obtained a 5-year apprenticeship in
Bristol. This meant I had to live in lodgings, and the Company I was working
for found me some with a Mrs. Vernon. She was very young Lady who had lost
her husband in a road traffic accident. She lived alone in a large detached
house and I had always assumed that she took in lodgers to help out with
her finances. I had my own bedroom but lived as if I was a family member.
She kept very much to herself, but I was well aware of the Shiny Black
Rubber Mackintosh she wore a lot of the time whenever She went out. Only
on very hot sunny days was it left hanging in the hall. I often wondered
if she wore anything else made of Rubber but the opportunity never arose
to pursue the matter with her.

After several years I had accumulated a few items of Rubber wear of
my own. Nothing very outrageous, which had been obtained by mail order
from adverts in a well-known weekly advertiser. A Rubber Shirt and Pants,
Rubber Stockings and a Rubber Corset with suspenders, Rubber Gloves and
a Heavy Rubber Mackintosh. I would put these items on at night and enjoy
the feel of the Rubber and bring myself to an orgasm with some self-applied
Bondage with some Leather straps. But always I fantasised about being put
into escape proof Rubber Bondage and being made to stay in it for long
periods. But it was a fantasy, which I always felt, would never be fulfilled.

I had completed my apprenticeship and I was in the process of looking
for a job where I could follow my new trade. When the weather was nice
I usually went out in the evening just wandering around the streets and
marvelling at all the unusual shops I found in various back alleys. It
was during one of these wanderings that something happened that eventually
changed my life forever. I was walking down a quiet street when I saw a
paper ‘flyer’ caught on the corner of a shop window. I removed it and what
greeted me nearly gave me an instant orgasm. The ‘flyer’ was advertising
a local fetish night, which was called “Encased in Rubber Bondage”. I was
taken aback, but I read on. On the front of the ‘flyer’ was a picture,
which had first caught my eye. It was a shot of a man being strapped into
a Strait Jacket. But it was nothing like the canvas ones of my dreams.
This one was made from Black Rubber, with a hood which covered the mans
head. A woman who was dressed in a Black Rubber Catsuit was securing him
into the Rubber Strait Jacket. I was amazed at the picture, it was stunning.

On the back of the ‘flyer’ were details of the event. However the date
quickly dampened my excitement as I discovered it had taken place the night
before. However as I read on there was a credit for the picture, which
simply said “Rubber Bondage items by courtesy of Ripplesmooth” and gave
their address. I recognised the address it was just a few streets away.
I was amazed to think there was a shop selling Rubber Bondage Gear like
this. I set off to find the shop. There were no signs outside the address,
just a small bell push on the wall with a nametag “Ripplesmooth”.

I pressed the bell push, and a buzzer told me the door was unlocked
so I pushed the door open and went in. Rack upon rack of Rubber clothing
greeted my amazed sight. A sales assistant was working behind the counter
and I was amazed to see he was dressed fully in Rubber. Black Rubber Jeans,
a Rubber Shirt and Rubber Boots. “If you want a hand with anything, or
want to try anything on just give me a shout”, was the greeting from the
assistant. I went over to the racks and started to look at the items on display.
There were Rubber clothes of all types. Jeans, Shirts, Underwear, Hats,
but it wasn’t what I was hoping to see. I’d hoped to see Rubber Catsuits,
Strait Jackets and who knows what else. I reached the end of the racks
and was about to make for the door and leave when the shop assistant spoke
again.

“There’s more in the back if you can’t find what you are looking for
out here” and he pointed to a door, which I had assumed was private. I
headed for the back of the shop. This time my wildest dreams erupted into
life. There were all sorts of Bizarre items of Rubber Bondage. There were
simple surf style suits, Rubber Catsuits of every kind, some with attached
hoods, feet and gloves. There were very complex looking Rubber Bondage
Suits and Rubber Sleep Sacks. There were Butt Plugs fitted to heavy Leather
harnesses, Gags fitted to full head harnesses, Leather Straps and Body
harnesses. Handcuffs, Leg Irons, Chains and Manacles. There were fitted
Rubber Bed Sheets and lengths of Rubber Sheeting. But, best of all there
were many styles of Rubber Strait Jacket.

I took my time and started to go through the incredible selection of
Rubber Strait Jackets. From the simple sort through to an outrageous one,
which had a Hood with, built in Gag, straps hanging from every part, and
best of all the Rubber Strait Jacket was in fact a Suit. It was incredible! 
I was studying the various straps when the shop assistant touched my
shoulder making me jump. “Sorry” he said, “I didn’t mean to startle you.
I see you’ve found something that interests you, do you want to try it
on?”

I almost fainted - having found this obscure shop, looking and handling
something I had dreamed about for many years, and now being offered the
chance to try out this variation of the Strait Jacket I knew so much about.
The shop assistant read my reaction and before I could say anything it
was being taken down and the assistant was heading for the changing room.
“Follow me”.

Inside the dressing room the assistant who said his name was ‘Des’ sprinkled
talc inside the suit. “Get undressed, stick your legs into the bottom half
of the suit then give me a shout. I’ll be outside, and I’ll help you with
the rest of it”.

I got undressed and eased my feet into the ends of the legs. The coldness
of the Rubber sent a shiver through my naked body as I pulled the Rubber
Strait Jacket Suit up over my legs. The feeling was sensational. My cock
was responding and I was now sporting a large erection. I pulled the curtain
back slightly and Des came into the room. He looked at my erection and
remarked that the suit ‘was having the right effect on me’. He leaned forward
and grabbed the bulk of the Suit. Moving behind me he seemed to take forever
before he said “Right then are you ready for the plug?” I quickly turned
round wondering what he meant. In my haste to try the suit I had failed
to notice there was a very large butt plug fitted inside the Suit. While
I was excited by the thought of that butt plug invading me, I had no real
interest in things anal, but I had come this far. To turn away now would
mean I would never be able to show my face in his shop again.

I nodded and leaned forward. He eased the plug into position. A strange
feeling went through me as the plug slid between my bum-cheeks and went
deep into my anal hole. I stood up and realised just how big the plug was.
There was no time to think about it, as my arms were helped into the sleeves.
As my hands settled into the sealed ends of the sleeves my attention moved
from my filled anal hole to the rest of the Suit. With my arms in place
the Suit was eased up over my body and the back zip was closed. The suit
gripped me tightly all over and the butt plug became very noticeable as
the Rubber Suit pressed tightly around my bum-cheeks with the closing of
the zip. My hands were now useless and Des moved in front of me and asked
if I was ready to be sealed into the Suit. I nodded, and he eased the hood
up over my face and head. The eyeholes were covered with small, clear plastic
lens, which allowed very limited vision. There was a large, solid internal
Gag. Only the nose holes would give me any contact with the outside world.
The Gag was pushed into my mouth and the hood zipped down to meet the other
zip at my neck. The closing of the hood zip tightened it around my face,
head and neck and ensured I couldn’t force the solid Gag out of my mouth
with my tongue. Des moved round into my field of vision and asked, “Are
you OK?” Again I nodded, this time the Gag ensured I made no sound.

He moved behind me and I felt him buckling and tightening the straps
at the back of the suit. One at the neck and six down the back. I was aware
of every part of my body as the Rubber Suit clung tightly to every bit
of bare skin. The Butt plug and the Gag now filled the only open orifices
of my body and I could feel the sweat building inside the suit, as the
initial coldness of the Rubber had now gone. Then my arms were taken and
folded in front of me. The straps were taken behind my back and fixed tightly
together. I was hugging myself tightly, unable to speak, or do much else
for that matter. It was heaven. It was better than I had ever imagined
or dreamed about. I remembered about how to escape from a Strait Jacket,
but the designer was one step ahead of me as Des slid a strap across my
back and out under my arms above my elbows. He then drew it over my arms
and took the ends behind my back and buckled it very tight.

Tension was now applied to my folded arms and the strap linking the
ends of the sleeves tightened even more.  There was now no hope of
lifting my arms over my head, which was the normal way to get free from
such a Strait Jacket. I was now trapped. He said he was going back into
the shop for about half an hour to finish up some paperwork, then he would
come back to see how I was getting on. Before he left he said that because
the suit had now been worn and with the Butt plug and the Gag having been
inserted he couldn’t offer it for sale as a new item. I could buy it at
a discount as part used. However if I made a mess in the front of the suit
then I would have to buy it and take it home with me. I was lost for words.
“Take it home”. Before I could consider the consequences I came in the
most violent orgasm I had ever had. Before Des came back I had ejaculated
at least six times. The suit was going to be mine whether I wanted it or
not. Des helped me get out of the suit, and he said there was a shower I
could use at the back of the shop and he would clean and pack the Suit.

When I returned from the shower Des was waiting at the till with a large
bag. Well, I had no choice, the suit was mine. I paid up and was very surprised
at the reasonable price I had to pay. It seemed to be ages before I got
back to my lodgings, and I smuggled my parcel up to my room. I laid it
out on the bed and looked at it longingly. Could I get myself into it and
produce some sort of self-Bondage. I certainly didn’t have anyone I could
call on to secure me into it. I went downstairs and joined my Landlady for a night time drink of
coffee. Then having said Good-night I went up to my room and was met with
the sight of that Black Rubber Strait Jacket lying on my bed waiting to
encase and enclose me.

**Chapter 2 -**
**In which the Rubber Bondage prisoner meets his Rubber Mistress.**

Yes, I thought, I can use a lace to close the zip at the back, and I
should be able to slip the Straps at the back loosely through the buckles.
Then if I joined the Straps at the ends of the arms and then lifted my
arms over my head in the reverse of an escape movement I would be in a
reasonable state of Rubber Bondage, but still able to get out when I wanted
too. I set to and after about 30 minutes of struggling I was secured into
the Rubber Strait Jacket Suit. It was not as tight as when Des had secured
it but it felt nice and comforting. The butt plug was again making its
presence felt, and the gag gave a wonderful feeling of submissiveness.
I lay down on the bed and relaxed and soon drifted off to sleep. I woke
a couple of times but quickly drifted back to sleep again. The Rubber and
the Bondage was so soothing and exciting.

I woke up to find it was just after 8-00am. But as it was Saturday I
didn’t have to go to work. I rolled across the bed and sat on the edge
and tried to lift my arms over my head to release myself. But I was horror
struck to find the arm Strap had snagged underneath one of the back straps
and I couldn’t lift my arms. I pushed my arms closer around my body hoping
the strap would pop free. I tried arching my back to try and get some slack
but all to no avail. I slid down onto the floor and wriggled about some
more, but I had to admit after 15 minutes of struggling I was well and
truly trapped. I would have to call out to my Landlady and hope she would
release me. But the Gag filling my mouth made sure I remained mute. I tried
to sit back on the bed again but I now found I didn’t have the leverage
to sit up. I was beginning to panic when there was a knock on the bedroom
door.

“Are you awake yet, John” It was my Landlady. I grunted as best I could
through the Gag. “Are you alright in there”. She asked. After a few minutes
I heard the door being unlocked with her spare key and she came into my
room. “Goodness me!” She said, “What have we got here, a Rubber Bondaged
prisoner just waiting for his Mistress to release him. You won’t go away
will you, I’ll be back in about ten minutes, and then I can get you properly
sorted out.”

I heard the door close and then lock. I was now in a complete mental
turmoil. What did she mean by a ‘Rubber Bondaged prisoner waiting for his
Mistress’ and what did she mean by ‘getting me properly sorted out’. There
was nothing I could do but wait and hope she was going to release me.

My Landlady returned after what seemed an eternity, and I could hear
the unmistakable rustle of Rubber Clothing. She came and stood over me
where I was lying on the floor by the side of the bed. My heart nearly
exploded when I saw she was wearing Black Rubber Riding Boots, a knee length
Shiny Black Rubber Dress and Rubber Gloves. Her head was covered with a
hood attached to the Shiny Black Rubber Dress and a flap in the same material
covered the lower half of her face. From my prone position on the floor
I could look up underneath her dress and I could see she was wearing a
pair of Shiny Black Rubber knee length Knickers. She looked totally different
from the plain, everyday Landlady I had known for the last five years.

I was suddenly very apprehensive as I wondered what She was going to
do next. She bent over and grasping my folded arms hauled me to my feet.
I felt relieved as She started to work at the Straps and buckles on the
Rubber Strait Jacket, but my relief turned to concern as I felt the straps
being tightened and I realised I was being secured very tightly into the
Rubber Strait Jacket Suit. She found the extra arm Strap and quickly fitted
it around my arms and buckled it tight across my back. Another Strap was
slipped around my wrists where my arms crossed over in front of me and
was also buckled tight.

I now understood what She had meant by ‘getting me properly sorted out’.
She pulled and pushed at my strapped arms and seemed satisfied there was
no slack anywhere. Then She gave me a push and I flopped or fell onto the
bed. She lifted my legs and positioned me into the middle of the bed. She
selected from my collection some heavy Leather Straps and proceeded to
Strap my legs together.  Around my ankles, below and above my knees
and around my thighs. When She had finished I knew I was in totally escape
proof Bondage. I had an enormous erection inside the Rubber Suit and this
could be seen quite clearly against the tightly stretched Rubber. She sat
down on the side of the bed and gently stroked my erect cock through the
Rubber. As my body tensed for the impending orgasm She stopped and gave
my erection several hard slaps stopping my expected pleasure.

“Lesson number one for My Rubber Bondage prisoner, pleasure will only
be given as a reward, and you are not yet ready for any rewards.”

I was now fully aware of my situation, but what was going to happen
next. She had obviously known for a long time about my interest in Rubber
and Strait Jackets. Had I now found my utopia and was this to be the start
of a totally different way of life. I was already worried about Her calling
me Her ‘Rubber Bondage prisoner’ and I realised I knew very little about
Her personal life. She stood up and went over to the wardrobe, opened the
doors and lifted up the loose floor where I kept my Rubber Clothes and
my Strait Jacket scrap book hidden - or so I had thought. She took the
clothes out and sorted through them, then put them on a chair. She sat
down on the bed again and looked at me very hard.

“As you are very effectively Gagged and silenced this is to be a one
way conversation. I will talk and you will listen. I’ve known about your
Rubber Clothes and your interest in Bondage for a long time. I don’t like
to have lodgers with secrets, but a secret like yours was of very great
interest to me. I just wasn’t sure how deeply you were into Rubber Bondage,
if at all. Well now we both know each other’s secret don’t we. I am a semi-professional
Dominant Mistress well versed in the training of all levels of Rubber Bondage
submissive. You are quite obviously a submissive, but, in need of extreme
long-term training and discipline in Rubber Bondage. So I shall later on
this morning offer you a choice. You can become my permanent Rubber Bondage
prisoner and devote your life to serving me, or you can opt out. If you
opt out then you will obviously have to find somewhere else to lodge. It
would be an impossible situation for you to remain here knowing what you
now know. So assuming you decide to stay here I shall only ever refer to
you as r-b-p-8-1-8. I may refer to you as r-b-p or I may use your number
8-1-8. In view of your present situation – encased fully in Rubber, Hooded,
Gagged and secured in escapeproof Bondage - you are now my Rubber Bondage
prisoner and in time you will also be my Rubber slave.”

“You will go to work on Monday and hand in a weeks notice to terminate
your employment so you will finish work on the following Friday. During
this week when you get in from work you will put on whatever clothing is
put out ready for you and you will perform whatever tasks I tell you to
do. You will always address me as Mistress unless you are Gagged in which
case you will bow your head every time we meet. Of course if you are encased
in Rubber Bondage and unable to move then you will be unable to do anything.
I have a special room, which you will move into. It has much better facilities
for a Rubber Bondage prisoner to be kept safe and secure. During the day,
I will still deal with my clients, and now occasionally at night – because
your old room will be converted into overnight Rubber Bondage accommodation
for my clients. When you no longer have to go to work your days will be
spent working for me, and your evenings, nights and the weekends will be
taken up with your training.”

“Later on today - if you have agreed to stay here - we will go out shopping,
both of us dressed in Rubber, but you will be properly secured with chains
underneath your Rubber Clothes. You will buy some Rubber Clothing that
I will select which will be solely for your use and will be an introduction
to the more severe Rubber Bondage you will learn to endure. I already have
a large wardrobe of Restrictive Rubber Clothing and a large collection
of Bondage devices to keep you very secure. This will be more than adequate
for your new status as my Rubber Bondage prisoner. However, I’m quite sure
that as your training progresses you will require more effective and extreme
items of Rubber Bondage. So from time to time we will visit my supplier
so that you can purchase new items of equipment and clothing. Although
it looks as if you have already met my supplier. The Rubber Strait Jacket
you are so effectively secured into is I’m sure one of his designs. I shall
leave you for an hour or so to think about the situation you are in and
to give you some time to reach a decision.”

She stood up and left the room locking the door behind Her. Time seemed
to stand still and my brain was quite numb with this turn of events. She
was gone for almost an hour and by this time I was in need of a visit to
the loo. When She came back She was carrying a large bundle of Rubber Clothing
and I could hear the unmistakable clinking of chains. She put all these
items on the foot of the bed and then proceeded to unstrap my legs. She
hauled me into a sitting position and released all the Straps on the Rubber
Strait Jacket Suit and opened the two zips.

“You can get yourself out of the Rubber Suit,” She said, “ Then use
the bathroom and I want you to remove every trace of body hair, and I mean
every last hair. I shall shave your head when you no longer have to go
to work. This is to ensure you always have full skin contact with your
Rubber Clothing. Then put on the Rubber Clothing on the bed and also the
set of chains. The Manacles, Collar and Belt are self locking. Failure
to carry out any of my instructions precisely to the letter will earn ‘demerits’
and these will result in you being Punished. Do you understand what I have
said”?

I nodded my head, and She went out leaving the door unlocked this time.
I extricated myself from the Rubber Strait Jacket Suit and went to get
my dressing gown from behind the door and found to my surprise it had been
replaced with a full length one in Black Rubber. I wondered when She did
that, but I put it on and thrilled to the cool feel of the Rubber against
my naked body and made my way to the bathroom. While I was in the shower
I shaved my body all over removing every trace of hair. After I had dried
myself I put the Rubber dressing gown back on and almost instantly I ejaculated
into the Rubber. I had to quickly clean the dressing gown and myself before
leaving the bathroom. The Rubber had acted on my now hairless skin like
an electric shock and I wondered how on earth I would cope with these new
sensations and this new direction my life was taking.

When I returned to my room I sorted through the Rubber Clothing Mistress
Marie had put out for me. I was very surprised to find the Rubber Clothing
was all very feminine. I had never had any transvestite tendencies but
I assumed that the duties I would have to perform would be of a domestic
nature and so it would be appropriate for Her to have a Rubber Maid.

Just for a moment I wondered if this was the time to call a halt to
what was going on and get things back to some sort of normality. I debated
whether to dress in my ordinary clothes, pack my bags and leave. I opened
the drawers in my dressing table and was stunned to find they were completely
empty. I quickly looked in the wardrobe and that too was empty. Even my
suitcase was missing from the top of the wardrobe. She had obviously done
all that while I was in the Bathroom and I could see this Rubber Mistress
was very serious about making me Her Rubber Bondage prisoner and Rubber
slave.

With the removal of all my ordinary clothes I had only one option left
open to me, apart from walking out dressed in the Rubber Clothes on the
bed, I would have to do as She wanted. But I didn’t see how I could reject
this opportunity to become what I had always fantasised about. I looked
at the Rubber Clothing laid out on the bed and I knew in my heart of hearts
that this really was what I wanted.
