---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/transformation/storiesek/fieldtrip04.html
subcategory: Buried & Sinking
title: 'The Field Trip 4: Jeremy & Amber'
authors:
- Sup2
tags:
- M/fm+
- MF
- camp
- balloons
- transform
- M2f
- F2m
- stuck
- hum
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2011-09-03 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**The Field Trip 3: Kelly, Tom & Kyle**](fieldtrip03.html))

Mr. Dobs’ Balloon Animals

**Field Trip 4: Jeremy & Amber**

Jeremy hated field trips and this one was going to be terrible. A three hour ride to walk around the woods and a tiny ass exhibit for three more hours and then the ride back. It was terrible. The ride took an extra hour due to traffic and even better the exhibit was mostly shut down. No tour guides just some stuffed critters and an old care taker that reminded him of Hannibal Lecter.

Just before they were supposed to go back they all heard something that sounded like one continuous explosion that lasted for about a minute. The keeper showed up and delivered the bad news. They were stuck. It was a landside and it had blocked the road. Everything was just bad today.

He couldn't talk to Tom because Kelly had him wrapped around her little finger. Same story with Rob and Tina. No way in hell was he associating with George or Kyle he'd rather shoot himself. Amber was usually too bitchy to have a conversation with but today she had been acting weird which didn't help his situation any. He tried talking to Mr. Dobs when he was around but he was old, really, really old. And well Miss. Shepard was, just to be honest she was old too.

'What the hell is wrong with me!?!' Amber said to herself. 'I keep flirting with Jeremy and he doesn't even seem to notice! What do I have to do to get him to notice me?!?' Amber was a bit of a prude she knew but its better then being a slut like Tina! She had trouble keeping boyfriends. But that was after her trouble getting them. 'I look good enough don't I? Mom always tells me how beautiful I am. Maybe she was lying. I'm just so lonely!' She had tried most everything to get Jeremy to talk to her. Amber even resorted to the classic 'oops I dropped my purse'. He simply looked at her in confusion.

They were walking to some old building that they were going to stay in. It was at the top of a hill and Jeremy was behind her. 'No I wont resort to that! But what other choice to do I have? Nothing else has worked!' \*gulp 'Here goes nothin' She thought as she bent over to pick up a leaf making sure full well he had a good view up her skirt. He bumped into her like she wasn't there!

'What the hell? Who just stops randomly' Jeremy barely caught himself before hitting the ground. Amber however was sprawled in the dirt. Screaming something at him probably how stupid he was and to watch where he was going. He offered her a hand up. "I'm sorry I wasn't paying attention, my bad."

"GAH you're so stupid!" she threw a dirt clod at him. 'I really must be ugly if he doesn't even want to look up my skirt. I can't believe I even did that, I'm pathetic!' She looked at her hands where little spots of blood started to appear. She started to cry. Her hands were in pain but mostly it was her heart.

After they got to the hall Kelly walked her to the bathroom to help clean up. When they came out of the bathroom the others were sitting around that creepy old man.

"Dude! I can't believe you man, Amber has been flirting with you all day and you haven't made a move?!" Tom was talking to him since Kelly was away.

"huh? No.." It just wasn't possible Amber would never go for a guy like him. All of her boyfriends were pussy push-overs.

"Haha yah man she even showed you her ass right before you knocked her over. You didn't see it but I know she's wearing white panties hahaha! I watched her put herself right in front of you before bending over. I'm sure of it she is way into you!" Tom seemed so sure but, no, couldn't be. "Here she comes" Tom whispered "Listen you gotta do something man, you don't I swear I'll never let it down" Tom went over to Kelly.

'Maybe that's why she was acting so weird. Dad did tell me girls sometimes act strange when they like you.' Jeremy just had a hard time accepting it. It wasn't because she wasn't good looking he thought she was hot enough it was more that she really pushed the 'girl power' thing and she often argued about it.

"uh… Jeremy! That's right Jeremy. What kind of animal would you like?"  Mr. Dobs said trying to capture his attention. But all he could think about was Amber.

"Amber" Jeremy said quietly said.

"Amber?" Dobs repeated.

"He means her!" Tom pointed. Soon enough there was an Amber balloon with brown hair, light skin, a blue top and matching skirt. Amber twitched an eye as she learned what just happened.

"Are you calling me an animal!?!" 'Oh my god he's just tormenting me. Just stop! I get it now you don't like me!' She was red in the face with embarrassment but she hid it by yelling. "Well!?! I'm talking to you Jeremy!"

"Uh, no, I was, wait, hold on" There wouldn't be any holding on.

"I can't believe this!"

'Damn she overreacted I didn't even want that for a balloon. Come on Jeremy think quick' "Hey listen why don't you just get a boy balloon, call me an animal and well say it's even? Alright?" 'Stupid stupid stupid. No! That was terrible. Why did I say that shit?'

"Ha ya sure!" 'If he thought he was getting off the hook that easy!'

"Ok!" Mr. Dobs already had half of the boy balloon finished with a red shirt and blue jeans like Jeremy.

"What?! No I don't want a boy balloon. Mr. Dobs please, I was being sarcastic."

"Awe come on its already made. And you know what you could squeeze the head till it popped, bet that would make you feel better ah?" He chuckled.

"ugh" 'I didn't even want a stupid balloon anyways.' Amber took the balloon and walked away. She sat down in a chair and pouted.

'Damn it' Jeremy was looking over at her and every time their eyes would meet she would glare at him. 'No way she likes me now.' He let out a soft sigh and turned back to the group.

"Wow dude I said make a move not punch her in the face" Tom chimed in.

"I don't know man I, I just let it come out I didn't think about it, well I did just not hard enough I guess. Oh well it's too late now"

"pft Nah! Kelly and I have gotten into way worse fights then that and before we started dating even huh babe?" Tom nudged her.

"Just go apologize! Be a man. Then go over somewhere, else…" Kelly didn't particularly like sharing Tom any.

'What the hell was he talking to Tom and Kelly about? Must be me, they are probably talking about how ugly I am or how I'm a bitch. I don't understand boys at all! Oh not again he's coming over here or not?' he changed direction and went over to his pack. He was messing with something but she couldn't see over the other tables and chairs. 'well at least he's not coming over, He's coming!' This time he went straight to her keeping his head down the whole way until he stood right in front of her. "What do you want now? Here to make fun of me some more? Call me ugly?!"

"What?! No!? I wanted to say I'm sorry I upset you. And I wanted to give you this." He saw her face light up as if he held the sun to it. Then back down to the deepest darkest reaches of hell when she saw the balloon. He had given it a face he thought kinda looked like her. It had the same color eyes and red lips with a couple freckles.

"You're giving me a balloon that's supposed to be me!?! And you colored the face to look like a fuck toy!?!"

Jeremy looked at the face and after she said it, it did kind of look that way just because it was a painted face if nothing else or maybe the lips were too big. He let out a small laugh. 'God damn it here we go again' He thought. "No that's, Look I'm a bad artist I swear I don't mean it like that"

"JUST GO AWAY! LEAVE ME ALONE!" she was crying now how could he be so mean to her lift her up just to drop her. "THIS, IS, WHAT I, THINK OF YOU!" She tore both balloons to shreds not realizing she held on to hers too.

"Ok that's enough boys left side, girls right side. Spread out I don't want to hear any more bickering or you all fail the course" Miss Shepard yelled.

"Gah!" Jeremy was so frustrated and he felt terrible now he made her cry what the hell was wrong with him. 'She didn't need to tear them up I could have fixed the lips'.

He was across the room from her now trying to sleep but every time he would drift off there she would be crying in his dreams. After a few hours of on and off sleep he decided he needed some water. As he walked over to the fountain next to the bathrooms he passed Rob's chair but it was just his stuff, clothes included. Rob had done crazy shit before but, what was Rob thinking! He was gonna get them all an F in the class. Jeremy heard the back door swing open and saw Tina's naked form crawl out. Well that answers the 'what' he will be doing.

After getting a drink he looked over at Amber again. She was walking toward the bathrooms. He ducked. He rose ever so slowly to make sure she didn't see him. 'Shit where do I go?'  He looked around finally seeing the bathroom door and dove into the boys room. He could hear her open then close the door. 'good she didn't see me I'm sure she'd have a fit again if she did'. He waited a couple seconds then started back to his chair. But when he left the boys room he heard her sobbing, with that the guilt began to build up.

She was looking in the mirror. All night she had been having dreams of everyone calling her ugly and a tramp whore who shows her underwear to boys. 'Why did I even do that?!?' She started to cry. She had never felt so terrible over a guy who she never even went out with. Her make up started to run down her cheeks but she didn't care, until a few drops landed on her shirt. 'Damn no come on!' she pulled it off and threw it into the sink, then turned on the water. After moving down a sink Amber started to wash her face of the rest of her make up. After wiping away all the water and tears she caught sight of herself in her bra. 'Maybe my boobs aren't big enough.' She pushed them up to fake a larger bust. 'No any bigger and they'd be too big!' She let them fall and they bounced a bit she couldn't help but do it again. 'There must be something wrong with him. Even I like my boobs!' She stopped sobbing and started to giggle a little as she bounced them some more. 'I'm hot! Any guy who doesn't want these has to be gay! Maybe that's it? Maybe he's gay and I didn't know? Or maybe he likes my boobs and it something else?' she took off her skirt but couldn't see herself in the mirror over the counter so she jumped up. And started to look at herself. She jiggled her ass a few times. 'No my butt is so cute!' then she spread her legs a bit to show off her undies. 'I don't have camel toe…' She started to rub herself. Letting out deep moans.

'What the hell is she doing in there? First she was crying, then she was laughing and now? What is she doing?' A picture started to form of a poor abused girl laughing hysterically as she cut herself. 'No way I'm not gonna let her do that to herself.' Then the groans stopped.

"Shit!" That's all he heard of her then the bathroom went silent. 'Maybe she cut to deep and passed out? Maybe she was in trouble? Maybe it was something else?' He decided to check just in case.

"Shit!" Amber said. The shirt had clogged the sink and water was running all over the counter and onto the floor. She grabbed some paper towels after turning off the water and tried to mop some of it up.

Jeremy burst threw the door he saw her half naked, then everything went black.

"What the fuck!? What are you doing in here?!" she got out as he slid across the floor and landing on his head. He didn't move. 'He couldn't be dead could he?' She went to check on him. She didn't like him any more but she didn't want him to die especially cause of her mess. "Good he's still breathing, and no blood. I don't know why I ever thought he was cute before he just…" She stopped talking because her voice had been dropping through the sentence. "What's wrong with my voice?!?" She sounded like Jeremy. She reached for her throat and felt a large bulge. "Oh my g.." She stopped short because her voice sounded exactly like Jeremy's now. "'OD! What's happening to me!?!'"

Her bra fell down revealing herself. The sight of her exposed nipples got her very aroused. 'Titties! Gah what?! Those are mine! What's wrong with me!' Her bra started tightening up as her expanding chest caught up with her diminishing bust. She snapped it off. 'My boobs are gone! Awe I liked those!' she gripped her head as if in pain trying to fight off her perverted thoughts. Her chest began to sprout little hairs. Then she felt the panties dig into her waist. "AAH!" She yelled as she tried to pull them free. Finally achieving her goal she nearly passed out when she discovered she was no longer a she. Amber sat on the ground next to Jeremy.

She looked at him again. His clothes were getting large on him. 'He's transforming too? HE'S TAKING MY BODY THAT QUEER!' She started to shake him as his hair turned from a blonde to brown, his face became smooth, jaw more slender and his Adam's apple disappeared.

He remembered seeing Amber nearly naked and then nothing. Now he was being tossed around it seemed. "Hey cut it out!" Amber said. Only he had said it! 'What the fuck!?!' He opened his eyes to find himself naked shaking, himself?

"You pervert bastard look what you've done to me!?! CHANGE ME BACK NOW!" The naked him said.

"You give me my voice back!" 'Are we like making a deal or something?' "Wait who are you?!" He was so confused, what was going on?

"IT'S ME! AMBER!" He Said, She said. She looked at him and his clothes had gotten even bigger he really was turning into her even her freckles appeared on his face and his eyes changed from blue to green.

"Amber? This is too weird and my ass hurts!" He grabbed his butt in surprise it was a lot bigger then it used to be. He felt around not being able to look cause 'Amber' had him pinned. He shoved his hand down his pants where he discovered he was still a boy. 'Oh, thank god?' he felt it twitch then recede into him followed by his nuts. His finger following it until it disappeared completely leaving her finger pressed into herself. "AAAAHEEEEH! NO!!!" She screamed in Amber's voice.

It surprised the real Amber who jumped up, releasing her. Jeremy instantly sat up and looked at herself. "Oh no no, no no no this can't be real!" she saw her new breasts poking out of her shirt, nipples erect, before placing them in her hands. She turned to Amber in shock reaching out for him. "I don't want to be you!" again she slipped on the wet floor and landed with Amber's dick in her face. "Oh god ugh!" she said trying to get far away as possible. "'It doesn't look that bad though really. What!?! I'm not gay! I'm a girl and I'm not gay? That means I like boys. I like boys. And he likes me!'"

Amber was trying to back away but there was no where to go he was against the wall, naked and Jeremy was kneeling there just looking at his now very straight penis. "Get away!" 'Oh I hope she doesn't go she's so hot! She's me and she's staring at my dick! Must mean she wants it! NO! I won't have sex with myself, even if I am really hot...' Jeremy had crawled over to Amber letting her pants slide off on the way. She reached up to his lips with hers. They met and kissed. A pleasurable moan could be heard from both of them.

"Whoa! What's going on in here?!? Clothes you two!" Dobs had walked in and done an about face when he saw them on the floor. They both blushed with embarrassment. "You know what? To save time I'll help you out." He snapped his fingers and the water was gone and they were both clothed in each others outfits. He was sitting on the counter and they were both on the floor still just as they were. They stumbled to their feet.

"You did this to us!" Jeremy said.

"Change us back!" Amber asserted.

"Well simply put, I can't! That magic only works once I'm afraid. And I know you've probly got a lot of questions so shoot!"

'Why can't he change us back' they thought in unison.

"Cause I just can't next question!"

'I didn't say any thing!?'

"I can read your thoughts as if you were speaking them. Yes you can get pregnant. Yes you can get her pregnant, though I think you two should wait!" They both blushed again. "No you won't get each others memories. No you won't forget your own either. Let me explain. You are what you are! Rather conveniently you're also each other which means you don't have to start fresh. As you know already you desire things uh, 'appropriate' to your current body. Even as you resist those urges and desires now eventually you will submit to your new form. This is a part of the spell cast on you. And NO for the last time it can't be undone."

"Why I would explain this to you?" Dobs continued, "Well normally people choose animals and placing a human mind into an animal is well quite easy actually since animal needs and desires are quite simple and easily achieved. I can take care of them or find them good homes so they can live happily. You however, had to be one of those rare cases! I feel kinda bad since human's happiness is bound to the expectations of society which can be quite cruel and unforgiving. Anyways I expect you two will be fine just wait until the landslide is clear and go home. One last thing and I think this will help out a lot." He pointed at Jeremy "Your name is now Amber!" Now at Amber. "Your name is Jeremy!" With that he snapped his fingers again and vanished. They thought he had left them but turns out he just went to his truck…

"Well that was weird." Jeremy said his new name washing over his mind like a tidal wave.

"Well I guess he's right we should learn as much about each other as possible." Amber said then she giggled. "Or we could start back up where we left off." She reached for Jeremy's shoulders and lifted her head up to his to meet lips in another soft embrace. They were both ok with their new bodies. Now that they had each found someone special, in themselves…

You can find more of Sup2 stories on Deviant Art: <http://sup2.deviantart.com/>
