---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Three Steps
authors:
- Dark Marcy
tags:
- MF+/f
- naked
- bond
- boots
- chain
- corset
- armbinder
- bit gag
- ponygirl
- toys
- insert
- climax
- denial
- cons
- X
---

**Part One**

Adam’s Range Rover crunched
around in a wide arc on the gravel driveway and came to a halt with its
passenger door facing the wide gatehouse of a large brick building.
The gatehouse itself had a wide arch in the centre which led into the courtyard
of what was clearly a large stable-block, though one which might seem,
on closer inspection, to be rather excessively clean, free from hay, and
conspicuously short on horses.

Jennifer was largely unaware
of these minor details. All she could think about was that she had
been asked to strip herself free of all clothing before Adam would drive
another foot down the driveway some ten minutes earlier. Her dress,
her stockings, her bra and panties all lay haphazardly upon the back seat
of the Range Rover. Now that she was naked, she was suddenly very
aware of her skin, the brief draft from the air conditioning directed toward
her, the warmth on her right arm from the sun, the slight clamminess of
the leather seat against her bare ass.

She looked across at Adam,
only to catch him staring back at her, they both grinned nervously and
she looked away, but he broke the tension by leaning across the centre
console and placing a light, brief kiss on her turned cheek.

“Sure?” he said.

“No.” she replied,
and enjoyed the brief worried look on his face, “I sit in cars naked for
the kicks.”

He grinned and looked her
up and down, “You’ll be getting your kicks this weekend, I promise you
that.”

He popped his door open and
trotted around the front of the car to open hers. His strong, square face
was illuminated by an almost boyish look of anticipation as he handed her
down to the driveway. Jennifer gave a brief gasp as her toes sank into
the gravel, the small stones were cold, but dry; and they were round. Hmm,
expensive. Jennifer thought.

“This way, Jen.” Called
Adam, opening a heavy door in the inner wall of the gatehouse.

“You have to go in here
without me,” he explained, “its part of their safety measures.”

“You’ll be out here waiting
for me.” She said.

“I’ll be waiting for you.”
He grinned darkly, and swung his free arm to gesture her inside.

She was still standing next
to the Range Rover, having not moved since he first helped her down onto
the gravel. The few short steps into the room took her from the gravel;
pliant, cool and dry; onto the warm flat cobbles of the courtyard, and
over cold tiles that made her arch her feet upwards and walk on tiptoe
into the room itself. Her eyes slowly adjusted to the lesser light in the
room, and she was aware of the door swinging closed behind her. The
last noise she heard of the outside world was a soft tweet as Adam set
the Range Rover’s alarm. The iron latch squeaked into place, and
the room came more clearly to view.

“Good afternoon, Jennifer”
said a woman seated behind a desk in the far corner of the room, maybe
ten feet from where Jennifer stood. The woman was dressed in a simple black
trouser suit, she was blond and maybe fifty, but carried her age exceptionally
well; she looked steadily across the desk at Jennifer. In the presence
of this calm, controlled, and above all, dressed woman, Jennifer was sharply
aware of her own nakedness, and moved her hands together over her mons.
In her disadvantaged state, eye contact became very difficult, and Jennifer
found herself staring at the floor, her dark brown hair flopped forward
over her breasts, and the slight tickling sensation as the ends brushed
her nipples sent a brief tremor of pleasure through her in spite of herself.

The woman noticed her awkward
position. “I shouldn’t stand on ceremony whilst you’re here, Jennifer.
We shall all be seeing a great deal more of that before you leave, I should
imagine.” Jennifer relaxed a little, and stood up straighter.

“That’s a good girl.” Said
the woman, brightening suddenly. Her accent was definitely upper
class, with the suggestion of being used to giving orders, and having them
obeyed. “First things first, then.” She said somewhat loudly. At
the back of the room a door opened and a man stepped in carrying a pair
of heeled shoes and a length of chain. “Ian here will just introduce
you to our little establishment.” Ian pulled a chair into the room with
him and placed it squarely in the centre of the floor. “If you’d
just sit down, please, miss.” He said quietly.

Jennifer paused and looked
towards the woman, who raised her eyebrows and flicked her eyes helpfully
at the chair. Jennifer stepped over to the chair and sat down.

“Left foot first, please.”
Said Ian, and Jennifer complied, placing her left foot in his outstretched
right hand.

The shoe, such as it was,
was made of black leather, and fashioned into an ankle boot. It slipped
onto her size six foot beautifully, Adam had clearly given them her measurements
beforehand. At the ankle of the boot was a thick strap, and a piece
of metal projected from the outside edge of the shoe. On the back of the
boot, above what was roughly a five inch heel, was a small metal loop,
hanging down from a smaller metal fixing on the back of the boot. Ian laced
the boot up rather tightly, then set about closing the strap. The
metal piece protruded through the strap once it was wrapped snugly around
her ankle, completely enclosing the top three crosses of the lace and the
knot itself, and a small padlock was placed through the metal piece, securing
the strap in place. The boot was a snug fit, and wherever Jennifer twisted
her ankle, she could feel the strap firmly holding her foot in the boot.
The padlock clicked from side to side in its hasp as she turned her foot.

“Right foot, please.” Said
Ian, cutting into her train of thoughts. She snapped to attention,
and immediately placed her right foot in his waiting hand. He tied
the laces and strapped her foot into the boot once more, taking another
padlock from his pocket and snapping it into place. Finally, he took
a twelve inch length of chain and two more padlocks and snapped the chain
onto each of the metal rings on the back of her shoes. Without another
word, Ian stood, turned, and left the room, closing the door behind him.
Jennifer sat on the chair, her ankles chained together, the chain resting
gently upon the floor at its centre.

“Stand please, and step in
front of my desk.” Said the woman.

The chain rattled and pulled
taught as Jennifer stood. She would have preferred a little more
slack, particularly if she had to walk far, but the twelve or so feet to
the woman’s desk, increased though they were from six quick strides to
a half minute or so of clinking her chains, scraping her heels and the
occasional wobble as the both conspired to trip her up, proved to be no
great obstacle. Adam had often had her shuffling around the house
in much more restrictive conditions, she thought, and at least now she
had her arms to balance. A brief smile flicked across her face as
she considered the occasions when she had not. The heels were a little
high for her, and she could feel the tendons in the back of her legs protesting
under the task of balancing, even in that short hobble from the chair to
the desk.

She stood before the desk,
naked, chained, and horny as hell. Jennifer could feel her heart
racing and the giddy, excited feeling of that first drop in a roller coaster
or the fast mountain bend. With an effort of will, she focused on
the woman behind the desk, who, coincidentally, had stood and was walking
around to stand in front of her.

“Jennifer.” She said, “Here
at the Manor house, we have a safety policy. We only want women and
men here who willingly take part in our activities for their own enjoyment,
and that of their partners. During your initiation here, you will
be given three attempts to refuse, we give this first interview without
your partner that you might be free from any pressure he might exert upon
you. This is, therefore, your first opportunity to refuse and leave.
On my desk are the keys to the padlocks on your ankles, so I must ask you
now, Jennifer, are you aware that you are here to become what is commonly
referred to as a ponygirl?”

At this first, verbal confirmation,
Jennifer felt a thrill of anticipation.

“Yes.” She replied.

“You are aware,” continued
the woman, “that during your time here you will be chained, bitted and
likely whipped and required to perform training rituals associated with
your complete subservience to your partner and his elected trainers, who
include all the staff at this establishment. You will be a ponygirl,
prevented from speaking, kept in a stall, and your only means of release
will be in your partner’s hands. This is the end of your first refusal,
do you accept our terms, and do you consent to continue?”

Jennifer shifted her weight
and moved her right foot out to the end of its chain. The clink as
the chain taughtened, the grasp of the leather around her ankle, it all
excited and aroused her, she wanted this.

“Yes.” She almost gasped.
The woman nodded, and her gaze moved from Jennifer to something over the
girl’s shoulder. Jennifer turned to see Adam standing behind her
in a circle of daylight coming from the doorway.

“This way.” He said, there
was a stern edge to his voice, it was the voice he used during their games.
Commanding, authoritative, it was almost coincidence that she wanted to
obey as well. Adam stepped away into the daylight, and Jennifer clinked
after him, twelve inches at time, unsteady on the cobbles in her high heels.
He walked quickly away across the courtyard and disappeared into a stable
door diagonally opposite her. She made slow progress in her chains, and
when once she fell it took her the longest time to lever herself up onto
the heels again and continue her journey. In the ten or so minutes
it took her to cross the twenty yards across the stable yard, she had time
to observe the old red brick from which the stables were constructed, and
above her a small clock tower stood upon the back wall of the stables,
over which she could see the second floor of the Manor House in which she
assumed Adam would be staying over the weekend. She looked over to
her left, to the slowly approaching stable door. My home. She thought.
For the next couple of nights, at least.

In a few more steps she was
through the door, and into what would ordinarily be called a tack room.
The floor was concrete, neat and smooth; there were thick wooden pillars
dotted here and there to support the ceiling, and each one had a set of
tether points set about five feet above the ground, just what you might
expect in any stable. The equipment on the walls, however, was unlike
that you might normally find in a working stable. It was all clean
and new, most of it was black or red, and if you looked carefully, all
of it had been designed to lock on.

Adam sat on a wooden chair
about eight feet away on her right. He had turned his chair backwards,
and straddled the chair with his elbows resting on the back and his arms
folded. In his slightly protruding right hand, a bunch of densely
nested keys was turning over and over, making light chinking noises as
it did so. Further back in the stable were two men and a woman, they were
standing in a loose triangle around a pile of equipment similar to that
on the walls, she could make out lots of metal fixings, lengths of chain,
buckles and hasps, but no specific details. Next to the pile of equipment
was a smaller cluster of brass padlocks, identical to those currently holding
the boots on her feet, and all opened.

“Step forward, please.”
Said the taller of the two men. He held a slightly larger padlock
in his hand. “Stand over the D-ring, if you please.”

Jennifer trotted forward
until she was over the metal fixing he had indicated, it was concreted
into the floor, and once she was close enough, the man took the padlock
and slipped it though the D-ring and around the chain between her ankles.
It was more or less pulled taught, and her movement was limited to a few
inches in either direction, dependent upon what slack she could provide
by moving one foot closer to the D-ring that the other might move away.
The woman came forward and turned her around by the shoulders. Taking
a comb from her pocket, she calmly combed Jennifer’s hair into a ponytail,
quite high near the top of her head, and secured it with a black rubber
band. Adam was now behind her, and she twisted her head around to look
at him, taking a couple of tiny steps to turn. He stared at her with
unusual intensity, a look of both gratification and perhaps also gratitude
upon his otherwise calm face.

“Look forward.” This order
came from the woman, who had lifted a large, torso shaped piece of leather
and buckles from the pile on the floor. Jennifer turned to face this second
woman, who was dressed like a groom if you ignored the high heels and the
blouse showing off most of her breasts. “Lift your arms.” She ordered,
and Jennifer did so.

With a little more roughness
than might have been necessary, the woman pulled the large leather garment
over Jennifer’s head. Once it was arranged upon her, Jennifer was
able to see that it was made of one piece, split at the back with buckles
either side. There was nothing between the legs, and it fit closely
over her shoulders and chest. In the front panel were two holes which
allowed her ample breasts to protrude. She was allowed to arrange the suit
around her so it sat more neatly on her shoulders and did not chafe against
the sides of her breasts.

On each shoulder of the garment
was a D-ring, and circling the neck was a thick strap which the woman now
fastened snugly around her throat. The first of the little brass
padlocks from the pile on the floor went through a pair of holes in the
buckle and snapped shut. The taller man stepped behind her and began fastening
the long line of straps down her back. The garment gradually became
a great deal tighter around her chest and waist, cinching the latter quite
tightly. To Jennifer’s surprise, the man did not apply the padlocks
to these buckles, but left them half fastened down the length of her back.

He stayed behind her, and
said, “Breathe out.”

Puzzled, Jennifer did so,
gently letting the breath out through her nose.

“Further.” Said the man.

Jennifer turned her head
slightly to try and see the man, but caught a sharp look from the woman
standing in front of her and thought better of it. Confused, she
exhaled to her limit.

“Hold it.” Said the man.

With unusual dexterity, he
rapidly re-fastened each of the buckles around her chest and waist, pulling
the straps to their absolute limit before slipping the buckle closed.
With her breath held out, the man ran down the buckles once, and then went
back up them, re-tightening as he went.

The leather of the garment…

Garment? This is a
corset. Thought Jennifer.

The leather of the corset
was pulled tight around her chest and waist, Jennifer’s breath came in
short gasps at first, her chest unable to expand in the strict leather,
but steadied as she realised that slow but shallow breaths were the only
way to control her breathing, to get adequate air into her lungs and avoid
hyperventilating. Her waist was cinched into an elegant hourglass
shape by the corset. Jennifer wished she had a mirror.

The woman passed the taller
man a handful of padlocks, and he carefully snapped them onto the buckles
down her back. Trapped. She thought. Her breath quickened as she
considered her predicament, chained to the floor, and with an unforgiving
corset buckled and locked onto her. She gasped for breath and her
vision started to narrow, she swayed slightly.

“Frightened? Or excited?”
said the woman. She didn’t wait for her answer, but crouched down
in front of Jennifer and looked between her legs, where the shaven expanse
of her vagina glistened in its own juices. The woman looked up at Jennifer
and smirked. “Excited, I’d say.”

Jennifer heard a chuckle
from behind her, it was Adam’s laugh. He knew she’d be enjoying this,
and he was probably enjoying it just as much. She imagined how she
must look, her figure given a new curve in the leather corset, her breasts
heaving at every shortened breath. She imagined his massive erection,
and the self-control he must be exerting just to keep himself in that seat;
she pictured his fingers whitened around their grip on the back of the
chair, desperate to grab her.

“Put your arms behind you.”
the woman’s voice cut through her haze of fantasy.

Expecting some form of arm-binder,
Jennifer put her arms as close together as they would go, palms together,
but found her arms rearranged by confident hands so that the right hand
was clasped around the left elbow and the left hand around the right, her
arms forming a U-shape behind her back. In this position, she felt
her forearms encircled in leather, and straps tightened around them.
Two more thicker straps ran around her arms above each of her elbows, and
these two in particular were tightly fastened close around her biceps.
Once again she heard the clicking noises as padlocks were placed along
the straps on her forearms and one on each of the bands around her biceps.
She sensed the man step away from his handiwork, and felt that she ought
to get the measure of this slightly irregular bondage. Her arms moved a
little up and down at the shoulders, and would traverse very slightly from
side to side, but the leather of her armbinder was stiff and unyielding,
keeping her elbows crooked more or less at right-angles.

The man stepped up to her
back and ran a single leather strap through two eyelets positioned centrally,
one above the other, on the back of her corset. This strap then ran
around the device her arms were held in and was pulled tight, pressing
her arms against the small of her back, it too was locked in place.
There was barely any movement available to her arms now. The second man,
who had stood quietly by up until this point, now stepped in front of her.

“Jennifer, this is your
second chance for refusal, and the last chance you have to refuse verbally
and most certainly. You are halfway through our dressing process,
you may not use your arms from here on in, and in the next stage you will
lose your speech. The keys to all the locks on your garments are
in the hands of your partner, and at this moment, but at no point after,
he must surrender them to me to release you. So I ask you to confirm
most certainly to me; first, that you wish to continue; and second, that
you are in no degree of discomfort which you do not willingly accept.
Jennifer, do you wish to go on?”

He stared at her very carefully,
and Jennifer was not sure whether this was merely his concern to obtain
her consent or the fact that he had a helplessly bound woman standing in
front of him, gasping provocatively short breaths. She tested her
bonds, twisting gently this way and that to generate any slack, but none
came, and the corset did not allow for much movement in any case.
She flexed her arms against their bonds, and the leather creaked as it
rubbed against itself, the padlocks clicked and rattled as they slid back
and forth in their hasps. She moved her feet in tiny steps to the
limit of their tether on the floor, listening to the chains rattle and
clink, and feeling the unyielding resistance. A tremor verging on
orgasm rippled through her as she felt and thought about all she was undertaking
and experiencing. She turned to Adam, his face was pensive, waiting
for her decision.

“Yes, I want to go on.”
She turned to Adam, and added, “Master.”

He tried to look superior
and dignified, but there is only so much one can do to restrain a smile.
The second man nodded at her, smiled somewhat unusually, and walked away.
The next thing she saw was the woman retrieving from the pile of oddments
what looked like a large vibrator attached to a trio of leather straps.
The woman inserted the vibrator deep inside her, and attached the buckles
fore and aft to her corset, two at the front with a neat leather panel
between them, and one behind, such that the whole contrivance was much
like a thong. The locks were placed and closed. Jennifer squirmed
a little at the feeling of invasion, first at the size of the object nestling
in her vagina and, she thought she could feel, projecting somehow to touch
her clitoris; and second at the person who had mechanically inserted it
into her, apparently ignorant of her brief gasp of pleasure as the vibrator
was thrust up inside her, rippling against the nerves of her sex.
Jennifer bit her bottom lip and closed her eyes, she knew that at this
moment, aroused and enervated as she was, the briefest hum from that vibrator
would collapse her to the floor, and she had no way of stopping herself,
let alone standing up again.

When she opened her eyes,
the woman was holding a small black device that looked for all the world
like the button for a car alarm. Jennifer was anything other than green
as far as bondage was concerned, and immediately recognised the remote
to the radio-controlled vibrator currently locked inside her.

“I don’t think I could…”
was as far as she got before a powerful thrumming sensation burst from
between her legs. Her muscles tensed against every one of her bonds,
and she gasped to intake breath against the stricture of the corset.
Each fettered muscle served to remind her of where she was, what she was
doing, and how much she loved all of it. Waves of orgasm battered their
way through her body, and she gasped ragged breaths against the quivering
tide of sensation. Her legs trembled and gave way, despite her battle
to make them support her weight, and she tumbled…

Adam’s arm was around her
in a moment, her nostrils filled with the scent of his aftershave, and
with the scent of him. He help her upright, smiling gently as she
looked up into his eyes. She could hear the chains between her ankles
clinking against their tether on the floor as he lifted her slightly and
placed her back upon her feet.

“Better now?” he asked.

She looked down at his right
hand, where the button to the remote was clasped, apparently in the off
position.

“Yes…” another gasp, “Wow,
I thought…”

Another powerful vibration
turned her legs to water, and she heaved for breath against the corset,
but only briefly this time, the vibrations stopped as soon as they had
begun. When she looked up at Adam this time, he had a grin on his face.

“But more of that later.”
He said, “if you’re good.”

He stepped away from her
once he was sure she could stand on her own two feet again, and looked
over her shoulder.

“Bit her.” He said
peremptorily.

From over her head came a
thick leather bar that was pressed into her shocked and gaping mouth.
Straps ran under her chin and around and over the back of her head.
The ponytail that the woman had combed earlier fitted through a ring in
the topmost strap. Jennifer felt the straps being tightened behind her
head, but could see little thanks to two large blinkers which extended
beside either eye, and kept her field of vision to a narrow band directly
in front of her. The bit itself was perhaps an inch in diameter,
maybe a little more, and was pivoted against a strap so that when one of
the reigns to which it was attached was pulled, the bit would be drawn
further into her mouth. Sitting in her mouth as it was, with no tension
on the reigns, though slack, it wasn’t going to move anywhere, and the
bit pressed gently against the corners of her mouth, drawing her lips back
slightly to show the very edges of her neat white teeth. She found
herself attempting to chew it and adjust its position with her tongue,
all to little avail.

I’ve seen horses doing this,
she thought, it’s called ‘champing’. I don’t expect they enjoy it
quite as much. There was a short series of clicks behind her as the final
few padlocks were applied to the buckles securing her bit in place. Finally,
the woman stepped into her field of view.

“Jennifer, you have been
bitted and restrained just as every ponygirl to step through our doors,
all your bonds are locked onto you, and only your partner, Adam, has the
keys.” A jingle on her right made her move her head around to look
at him, he was twirling the diminutive bunch of keys around his finger.
The woman continued, “Adam will now place the keys into a locker, to which
only he has access.”

Jennifer watched
as Adam did just that.

“If you wish to continue,
and finalise your agreement with us, you must do two things. First,
I want you to whinny. You should be unable to speak with the bit
in your mouth, but you can communicate by whinnying. Should you need
attention for any reason, simply whinny and a stable hand will fetch your
Master here to attend to you. Can you whinny?”

“Ehh.” Said Jennifer, the
bit was just as much of a bar to legible speech as she had feared it might
be.

“Ehh, I aa ii-eee.” She
tried again, and then harrumphed in frustration, her locks clinking as
she shook herself.

Jennifer took a deep breath,
as much as the corset would allow.

“EeeEee.” She whinnied.

“Good.” Said the woman.
“Finally, we are about to release you from you tether on the floor.
When we do so, and to finalise your agreement to spend the weekend within
the rules of our establishment, you must walk over to the locker and press
it closed, do you understand?”

“EeeEeeEee.” Jennifer smiled,
pleased with herself at the better second effort she had made.

You’re getting into this
already.

The taller man from earlier
stepped forward and knelt down to unclasp the padlock chaining her to the
floor. Timidly, Jennifer took a step forward. The twelve inch chain
still held her ankles tight, and now her arms were secured behind her,
balance became much more of an issue. At each short step she felt
a thin leather strap tapping against the back of her thighs.

They must be the reigns,
she thought. My reigns.

It was about ten steps to
the locker, and she felt every one of them as the vibrator shifted inside
her and brief involuntary muscle movements designed to balance her normal
walking merely highlighted the fact that her arms were no longer of any
use to her, sheathed in leather and strapped and locked behind her back
as they were. The locker was directly in front of her. Carefully,
ensuring her balance in the heels was maintained, she nudged the door closed
with her nose, pressing her cheek gently against it to get a little more
pressure to push it home. With a hollow metal clunk, it snapped closed.

I’m in for the long haul
now.

Her reigns were lifted over
her head until they ran out in front of her. She looked at Adam as
he held her reigns, a stern but affectionate look on his face.

“Come on.” He said, and
led her over to a ring on one of the posts, where he looped her reigns
round in a loose knot and stepped away out of her vision. Jennifer stared
at the loose knot holding her to the tether point on the wall. It
was such a feeble knot, if she had the use of just one hand, if her teeth
could bite around it, she could undo it and walk away. The bit sat
in her mouth, the last bar to her freedom. She could feel the saliva
pooling in the bottom of her mouth, and the shallow breaths the corset
forced her to take were of no help in preventing its build-up. She
realised that she was panting, and that a thin line of drool was working
its way down her chin.

Jennifer took a step backwards,
drawing her reigns taught, and the pivot on her bit lifted upwards, pressing
the bit against the top of her mouth and forcing her head back. Her
arms flexed involuntarily, and once again she could hear that delicious
creak of immobile leather. She could hear quiet talking behind her, but
Adam had tied her very close to the post, and moving her head around to
look behind her was impossible. Her body quivered at every sensation,
and she realised that she needed to come again.

“EeeEeeEee” she called out
to Adam, and he stepped back into her field of vision.

“What is it?”

“I – A- Ah.” She said around
the bit.

“Pardon.”

Her lips narrowed
over the bit to try and enunciate more clearly.

“Wi – ray – ah.”

Adam looked at her with
a puckish grin. “You want me to turn your vibrator on?”

“Eh.” She nodded vigorously.

He lifted the remote button
into her field of view. “Just a little press on this, hmm?”

“Eh…leee.!”

He took the remote, which
had a small metal clip on the side, and fastened it to the left hand side
of her bit.

“I think I’ll just leave
it there. That button is only for treats, and I don’t think you deserve
a treat yet.”

He reached down to her nipple,
protruding from the corset and squeezed it tightly. Jennifer shook
in her bonds and pulled back to the limit of her tether, trying to get
away, but quickly reached her limit.

“You do not ask for treats,
I give them to you. Are we clear on that?” there was a harsh
tone in his voice, but a glimmer in his eye that was anything but malice.

“Mmm.”

“Are we clear on that?”
he twisted her nipple slightly.

“EeeEeeEee.”

“Hmm.” He gave a short smile,
and then reached between her legs to press his hand against the bottom
of her vibrator, thrusting it just a few millimetres further into her.
The sensation was just enough to make her quiver with anticipation, but
no more.

She caught a scent of Adam’s
aftershave, he had moved behind her, and his mouth was close to her ear,
so close that she could feel the condensation from his breath. Tethered
to the wall, she couldn’t turn around to see him. Her head twitched
from side to side in spite of herself. His breath was hot against
her neck.

“Right, shall we begin the
training?” he said.

End of Part One.

If you'd like to see more
write to: darkmarcy@gmail.com

12.07.12 (originally posted Bondage Stories 05.08.02)

story continues in [**Three Steps Part 2**](three_steps2.html)

o0o
