---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Challenge
authors:
- sfmaster@att.net
tags:
- F/f
- slave
- training
- bond
- sex
- oral
- dungeon
- catsuit
- collar
- cuffs
- X-frame
- gag
- crop
- whip
- susp
- spreadeagle
- cons
- XX
date: 2020-03-12 00:00:00
---

Continues from [chapter eleven](the_challenge11.html)_

_### Chapter Twelve: Changes_

_#### Part One: The Promotion_

_##### March 1989_

_The restaurant was mostly empty as the waitress seated Erica and Stephanie in a private booth. She took their orders for drinks, then left them alone with their menus to decide what they wanted for lunch._

_"How are you today?" asked Erica._

_"Still smarting from the way you used me on the weekend, Mistress Erica," softly answered Stephanie, "other than that, just fine."_

_They were interrupted by the arrival of their drinks, and then they ordered so that they could be left alone until lunch arrived._

_"Are you excited?"_

_"Yes, Mistress. I'm very scared," admitted Stephanie._

_"Nothing to be scared about, Stephanie. You're the first of my slaves to be promoted to Domme, a singular honor. You've earned it."_

_"Thank you, Mistress."_

_"Erica will do, in public, Stephanie. Unless you want me to put you over my knee and make a scene."_

_"That could be rather nice, Mistress. Er, Erica, sorry."_

_Erica wore a white silk blouse, and red leather skirt and matching shoes. She looked like she was going out on a date, rather than meeting a friend for lunch._

_"I'll spank you later," threatened Erica._

_"Thank you, Erica."_

_Stephanie had chosen a sweatshirt, jeans, and sneakers, dressing even more casual than Erica did. Still, she had just had her hair done in the morning, and she looked wonderful. Unlike the depressed woman of three years before, she smiled, paid attention to her appearance, and now dressed for the occasion._

_"Here's lunch!" announced the waitress._

_They had chosen fajitas for two, and the waitress placed a steaming tray of steak and chicken and onions between the two women, followed by a plate of flour tortillas, and bowls containing sour cream, tomatoes, and guacamole._

_"Can I get you anything else?"_

_"Two more beers, please?" asked Erica._

_"Sure, be right back," answered the waitress._

_"How old do you think that she is?" asked Erica, when the waitress had left._

_"Twenty or so, goes to college. Just like I did," proudly answered Stephanie._

_"You waitressed?" asked Erica._

_"Sure," answered Stephanie, taking a swallow from her beer mug, "when I was at Stamford, far away from home."_

_"Tell me about it?"_

_"I wanted a job, I didn't have to work. But my classes were a breeze, and I whizzed through my homework. One day, at the local eatery I saw a sign looking for help, so I got the job."_

_"Your drinks," announced the waitress, as she placed the fresh beer mugs on the table._

_"Thank you," replied Stephanie._

_"You're welcome."_

_"What happened?" asked Erica._

_"I worked there for over a year when I was in school. I rather liked it, but I kept it a secret from Mom and Dad. They were just scandalized when they found out!" laughed Stephanie._

_"Why?"_

_"They send me to prep school, tutors, everything! Then I get a job as a waitress instead of some cushy internship somewhere."_

_Both women had rolled their dinner into the flour tortillas and talked between bites and swallows of beer._

_"How did they find out?" asked Erica._

_"One of our family friends came into the restaurant and called home. Dad called me then visited California on business. Well, that ended my little waitressing job. Damn, I liked it. Got lots of dates, even had my ass squeezed sometimes. Wasn't bad," commented Stephanie._

_"Not the sort of thing for a person in your class, was it?" asked Erica._

_"No, but I liked it. The late hours and hectic conditions got me ready for Medical school, though. But that's over now too."_

_"Perhaps you'll practice again someday," suggested Erica._

_"No, Mistress, I don't think so," answered Stephanie, her eyes looking down at her plate._

_Erica then realized that she should not have brought the subject up. Stephanie could be caned until she bled, for the one wound in her mind was the loss of her family that she blamed herself for._

_"I'm sorry, Stephanie, I shouldn't have said that. I know that it still hurts," apologized Erica._

_"It's all right, Erica. I know that you mean well, and time does heal wounds. Some of them, anyway," concluded Stephanie._

_They both ate in silence for a few minutes, rolling one tortilla after another, then washing them down with fresh drinks that the waitress brought after Erica had asked her back to the table._

_"Have you thought about what you're going to wear this Saturday?" asked Erica._

_"A leather bra and skirt will do."_

_"That means I'll have to wear something different. I guess I'll wear that Dominatrix dress, which is better than a Catsuit," observed Erica._

_After the check had been paid and they lingered at the table, Stephanie looked very seriously at Erica. When Erica rose to leave, Stephanie placed a hand on her companion's hand, imploring her to stay seated._

_"Erica, why?" asked Stephanie._

_"Why what?" answered Erica._

_"Why did you save me?"_

_"You know that you're not supposed to ask that, Stephanie. As my slave, you were not allowed to keep any secrets from me. But as Mistress, I'm allowed to keep secrets from you. I could say that I found you sexually attractive, or that I thought that you would make a good slave. But there was a reason beyond that, that I felt that you should not be serving Lauren."_

_"Thank you, Erica."_

_"You're welcome, Stephanie," answered Erica as she rose to leave, followed by her companion._

_In the short drive back to her house, Erica was not really sure if Stephanie had believed the reason for taking her from Lauren. But it did not matter if Stephanie had believed her or not. What counted was that she had rescued Stephanie, reawakened her sexually and the desire to live again, and now was promoting her to Dominatrix._

_Which was all that really mattered, after all._

_"Lisa?" called Erica as she hung her jacket up in the hall closet._

_Normally, Lisa would be at the door to greet Erica on her return, instead her Maid was not there to help her with her jacket. Erica walked over to her downstairs bedroom, and found Lisa on the bed, crying._

_"Mistress?" asked Lisa when she saw Erica at her bedroom door._

_"Lisa, what's wrong?" questioned Erica as she joined Lisa on her bed._

_"Mistress, I'm sorry, but I have to leave you," sobbed Lisa._

_"Why?"_

_"Family, I have to go home to Oregon."_

_"There now," said Erica as she pulled a tissue from a box on the night-table and dried Lisa's eyes._

_"I'm sorry," cried Lisa, "I'm sorry, Mistress Erica."_

_"It's all right, Lisa, nothing is forever. You have served me well for five years, and now you have to move on. There is no shame in leaving me."_

_"You're not angry?"_

_"No Lisa, I'm not angry. If you have family responsibilities then they are far more important than your service to me."_

_"Thank you, Mistress. I love you," said Lisa._

_"It's all right, Lisa. And I love you too," answered Erica as she held Lisa in her arms._

_"I'll be giving my two week notice, Mistress," stated Lisa._

_"That will be fine, Lisa. Thank you."_

_Lisa had dried her eyes, then sat up in bed and began to remove her Maid's outfit. Once naked, she held Erica in her arms and kissed her Mistress on the lips._

_"Awfully direct, aren't you?" asked Erica._

_"We don't have much time Mistress. You can use me tonight after Dinner in the Dungeon. Now though, I want to make love to my Mistress. Please?"_

_"Of course."_

_Erica unbuttoned her blouse, then unzipped the leather skirt. She removed both, then removed her heels, and followed by her pantyhose. She then was nude like her companion, and held Lisa in her arms._

_Lisa gently pushed Erica back onto the bed, and kissed her on the mouth, their tongues dancing together at the joined entrance of their mouths. Erica inhaled Lisa's perfume, familiar with the Chanel #5 that her slave preferred. Lisa then kissed Erica's neck, and soon took one of Erica's nipples into her mouth. Then her hand began to work on Erica's sex, and Erica moaned in response, opening her legs to Lisa's attentions._

_Erica pushed her head back against the pillows, her body filled with the heat of desire for Lisa and her lovemaking. Then Lisa buried her face between Erica's legs, and her tongue quickly began to tease Erica's love bud._

_"OH!" exclaimed Erica._

_Lisa pushed herself deeper into Erica's fragrant sex, her mouth sucking at the juices now flowing from the excited Domme. Her lips caressed Erica's, and she playfully nibbled at her pubic hair._

_Erica's chest heaved with sexual excitement, her blood thundering in her veins, her heart furious with passion. All that mattered now was lovemaking, and Lisa had fully applied herself to satisfying her Mistress._

_"Ahhhhh!" screamed Erica, her body bouncing on the bed, wracked by one orgasm after another that washed through her._

_Lisa continued to drive Erica to one orgasm after another, her tongue buried deep into Erica's lovebox. Erica bucked time after time on the bed as Lisa pursued her relentless assault on her sex, driving her Mistress to one height of passion after another._

_Next, Lisa advanced up the bed like a predatory cat, snarling from deep in her throat. She kissed Erica on her lips, and Erica tasted herself. They rolled together on the bed, like two cats in heat._

_Then Lisa lay back, and Erica serviced her slave. Lisa was already wet with desire, her body aching for climax. Erica used her tongue and lips to drive her from one climax to another, making Lisa moan and buck with every orgasm._

_If Erica was skilled Domme, she was an even more skilled lover. She deliberately wore Lisa out, until the slave passed out from too much stimulation. Soon, Erica watched her fall off to sleep after one orgasm after another, then she closed her own eyes._

_---_

_Lisa awoke to the aroma of cooking from the kitchen. She dressed herself in a robe and slippers, and ran to the kitchen. The clock said it was past Seven, meaning that she was late for Dinner and could expect a thrashing from Erica for missing a meal!_

_"Hello, sleepyhead," greeted Erica, her hands encased in oven mitts._

_"Mistress?"_

_"Have a seat, dinner will be out shortly."_

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_The kitchen table was set for two, complete with candles. A salad, a loaf of crusty French bread, and a bottle of white wine were already on the table._

_"Since I wore you out I decided to make dinner," said Erica._

_"Thank you, Mistress."_

_"It's been a long time since I cooked anything, so I made a quiche for Dinner.""_

_Erica then opened the oven, and removed the quiche, filing the kitchen with a wonderful aroma. She placed the dish on the kitchen table, shut off the oven, and removed the mitts from her hands._

_"Salad, Mistress?" asked Lisa._

_"Please."_

_Lisa served Erica a portion of the salad, then poured some of the dressing over it. Then she served herself next. Erica opened the white wine, and after sniffing the cork, poured out two glasses for them._

_"Cheers," said Erica._

_"Cheers."_

_Erica took a long swallow of her wine, and Lisa did the same. They began eating, and after the salad was finished, Erica cut out pieces of the quiche for both of them while Lisa cut the bread._

_"Thank you for making Dinner, Mistress," said Lisa._

_"You're quite welcome Lisa. I went to school for cooking in New York."_

_"You must have been very good," commented Lisa._

_"Thank you, but I really have let my skills lapse in the last few years. You're pretty good yourself."_

_"Thank you, Mistress."_

_"There's something I've been meaning to ask, and this is as good at a time as any. When I promote Stephanie to Domme, she will need a submissive to do a small symbolic scene with. She doesn't have any subs of her own yet."_

_"She can use me, Mistress," offered Lisa, "I would be honored."_

_"Thank you, Lisa. But there's another question I have for you. Would you like to be a Domme also?"_

_"Mistress!" answered Lisa, shock registering on her face._

_"Why are you so surprised?" asked Erica, "you served Judith for two years before you came to me, and have been with me for five years. You've proven yourself, Lisa. That's why I have let you use submissives occasionally."_

_Lisa poured herself some more wine, then took a long swallow to comfort herself. She was visibly shaken by Erica's offer._

_"Mistress, I don't want to disappoint you, but I'm happier with a collar around my neck. I love being owned, being a slave. I just don't want the responsibility that comes with being a Domme," admitted Lisa._

_"Thank you Lisa, for your honesty."_

_"Mistress, I've learned so much from you. Interviews, histories, sexual backgrounds. I never understood why you delved so deeply into a person's background before you took them as a slave until I saw you in action. Judith was never like you!"_

_"Thank you, Lisa," said Erica as she finished her quiche, "more?"_

_"I'm stuffed," answered Lisa, "Mistress. Thank you for a wonderful dinner."_

_"You're welcome."_

_Dessert was cake and coffee, and Lisa insisted on doing the dishes. Erica drank more coffee as she watched Lisa clean up, and remembered the time when she had been in the apartment. After she had given up the life in this house that she had tried to escape from, however briefly._

_"I shall want you in the Dungeon, naked and collared at Ten," ordered Erica, "you will be harshly used both there, and in the bedroom afterwards."_

_"Yes, Mistress," answered Lisa while she dried her hands, "and thank you."_

_"I'll be waiting," said Erica as she placed the coffee cup in the kitchen sink._

_---_

_Erica had decided to wear a sleeveless black PVC Catsuit, long opera length gloves, and matching black heels for her use of Lisa. While she could have worn the thigh high boots that she had just recently purchased they were a bother to put on and zip up. So a pair of less restricting heels would have to do._

_Lisa had showered and prepared herself, and Erica had seen her walking down the Dungeon steps naked. Erica had sensed that Lisa was relieved that she had admitted that she had to leave, and a burden had been lifted from her. So Erica had decided that tonight (good thing that she had no sessions scheduled with her clients) would be a special one._

_Had it really been just five years since Lisa had come to serve her? They had trained dozens of slaves together, and had become well known as a team. But now part of her House was leaving, and that would leave a void to be filled._

_Erica preened herself one last time in the mirror, admiring the way that she looked in the skintight Catsuit. She had others in leather (expensive) and rubber (equally expensive) but the most versatile was PVC. Which she could wash tomorrow in Woolite and be ready to use again in just two days._

_"Are you ready, slave?" asked Erica._

_Lisa knelt naked on the carpet, wearing only her collar and bracelets. Erica saw that she had rouged her aureole a deep red, and the scent of perfume pervaded the Dungeon. Lisa had taken special care to prepare herself for Erica's use, and Erica did not want to disappoint her._

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_"Do you consent to my use?"_

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_"What is your safeword, Lisa?"_

_"Joy, Mistress Erica."_

_"Stand up and place yourself against the X frame, legs apart."_

_"Yes, Mistress," answered Lisa as she did as she had been instructed._

_Erica then attached straps to Lisa's wrist and ankle bracelets to hold her to the frame, rendering her helpless. She bound Lisa tightly to the frame, her nakedness against the polished wood._

_"Do you desire your Mistress?" asked Erica._

_"Yes, please?" implored Lisa._

_"I shall make you scream with desire," taunted Erica._

_"Yes, Mistress, please!" begged Lisa._

_Erica then removed a simple riding crop with a small leather tip at the end. Plus two clamps that she hid in the palm of her hand. She walked back to Lisa, who eagerly awaited her Mistress._

_"How lovely you look," commented Erica, "I shall stripe that body of yours tonight with my lash and crop."_

_"Thank you, Mistress Erica."_

_"But first," Erica bent down, her tongue and lips playing against Lisa's right nipple, quickly bringing it erect._

_"Ah!" cried Lisa, for Erica had placed a clamp on the nipple, followed by the left ones as well._

_Then Erica kneaded Lisa's already wet sex, making her moan and squirm within her bonds. She pushed her fingers deep into Lisa's slit, touching her love bud._

_"Oh!" moaned Lisa._

_"Lick my fingers of your juices, you wet slut," ordered Erica as she shoved her fingers into Lisa's mouth._

_"Mmmmmmph!"_

_Once Lisa had done as Erica had ordered, Erica then decided that something else was in order. She walked to the cabinet, and removed a gag, plus a gambling token the size of an old full size Dollar Coin that she had taken from a Casino in Atlantic City._

_"This is a penis gag," described Erica, "complete with an air hole. Since you will be gagged and cannot use your safeword, you will drop the coin as your signal, do you understand?"_

_"Yes, Mistress, Oh!" cried Lisa._

_Erica had pushed the head of the penis gag into Lisa's wet slit as far as it could go, making her moan. Then she removed the gag from between the slave's sex, and gently placed it at the entrance to Lisa's mouth. Lisa opened her mouth, and Erica pushed the gag inside, buckling it at the back of her neck._

_"Mmmmph!"_

_"You may taste yourself as I use you," said Erica._

_Erica then pressed the coin into Lisa's right hand, and she gripped it tightly in her fingers. Lisa held the penis shaped latex gag between her teeth, and Erica watched as she sucked at the cock like object attempting to move it around within her mouth._

_"What a slut you are," observed Erica._

_"Mmmmmph!"_

_Erica then began to strike Lisa gently with the crop, tapping on her breasts and underarms at first. Lisa squirmed in her bonds, and moaned whenever she was struck._

_"Mmmmmph!"_

_The crop was next used between Lisa's opened thighs, with even stronger impacts leaving red marks behind on her white flesh. Erica knew that being used in this way while gagged was intensely sexual, and she observed that Lisa clenched the gag tightly between her teeth._

_"Enjoying this aren't you?" asked Erica._

_Lisa nodded her head in silent agreement, even as Erica began again to use the crop again and again. Erica then used her fingers to pull at the clamps holding Lisa's nipples prisoner, teasing them and making her captive squirm in response._

_"Mmmmmmph!" grunted Lisa._

_"I'm not going to let you go, sweetie, not till I'm done."_

_The outside of Lisa's thighs were the next target, and Erica made sure that her strokes were steady and evenly placed, and each left a red mark behind. Erica watched as droplets of sweat ran down Lisa's exposed flanks, her skin warm to the touch from the use that it was receiving._

_Once she had delivered thirty strokes, Erica then placed the crop under her arm and proceeded to remove the gag from Lisa's mouth, leaving her panting in response._

_"Thank you, Mistress," said Lisa._

_"Kiss the crop," ordered Erica._

_Lisa did as she was told, while Erica removed the clamps from her nipples, making her flinch as each one was freed of the metal object. Then Erica ran her fingers through Lisa's pubic hairs, pulling at a few, making her moan._

_"In all the time that you were my slave I never shaved you, did I?" asked Erica._

_"No, Mistress."_

_"Perhaps that should be my parting gift, a shaved pussy?"_

_"Yes, Mistress, please?"_

_"I'm not done yet, slave. I want to flog you!"_

_Erica then released Lisa, who handed her the coin that she had kept tightly clenched in her hand. Then Erica marched Lisa over to the ceiling chain, and locked her wrists to it. Activating the motor, the chain was then pulled taut, and Lisa was as straight as a ruler._

_"How lovely you look," observed Erica._

_Erica gently ran her fingertips over Lisa's naked body, her breasts, back and underarms, making the girl even more sensitive to her touch. Lisa seemed proud, even radiant while being used by Erica._

_When she sensed that Lisa was ready, Erica ceased her gentle caress. She next removed the flogger, made of soft leather from the cabinet._

_"Kiss the flogger."_

_Lisa did as she was ordered, willingly and quickly. She swallowed, the lump going down her throat._

_"You will not have to count, Lisa. But I will give you twenty strokes this night."_

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_Erica used the flogger with moderate strokes, the leather strands slapping against Lisa's exposed flesh. She made sure to strike with enough force to mark but not break the skin. Erica wanted Lisa to be hot with desire for her later, something that the flogger would generate._

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_"Ahhh!" cried Lisa._

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_"What a good slave you are."_

_"Thank you, Mistress."_

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_Thwack!_

_"Twenty," announced Erica._

_"Thank you, Mistress," cried Lisa, tears falling from her eyes._

_"Kiss the flogger," ordered Erica._

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_Erica then released Lisa, who fell into her arms. She placed Lisa on a bench to let her recover her senses. Before the next part of the evening would begin._

_She replaced the flogger and all of the other instruments back into the cabinet, then closed the wooden doors. Lisa was waiting for her, her eyes wide with expectation, on the bench._

_"Are you ready, darling?" asked Erica._

_"Yes, Mistress!"_

_"Then follow me to my bedroom, where your use shall continue!" promised Erica._

_---_

_Erica had ordered that Lisa not to clean herself after her use. Instead, the Mistress had spread-eagled her to the bed, locking her wrist and ankle cuffs to the four bedposts._

_Then Erica had leisurely stripped in front of her captive, first removing her shoes, followed by the opera gloves, then the PVC Catsuit. She had not worn a bra, but merely a pair of black panties underneath, that she slipped off her hips._

_She climbed onto the bed, and approached Lisa. Then she slipped her head between Lisa's open legs, and began to lick at the fragrant sex available for her use._

_"Mistress!" cried Lisa, "Ah!"_

_Erica had placed a small pillow under Lisa's bottom, so that her sex would be easier for her to use. Under her attentions, Lisa began to respond and moan quickly._

_Lisa threw her head back against the pillows in response to Erica's use of her sex. What she did not see was Erica placing a fur covered glove on her hand, which Erica began to slowly caress her body with._

_"Oh!" moaned Lisa, "Oh!"_

_"Enjoying yourself?" asked Erica._

_"Yes, Mistress, yes!"_

_Erica continued to run the fur glove over Lisa's already used and sensitized naked body. Lisa writhed and moaned, excited by the sensual treatment that she was receiving. Instead of the usual lash or crop._

_"Oh!"_

_Erica interrupted her use of the glove to lick and suck at Lisa's already hard and erect nipples. This only made Lisa moan further, and bounce herself against the bed._

_"Ah!"_

_"What a slut you are," commented Erica._

_"Yes, Mistress, I'm a slut. Your slut!" proudly answered Lisa._

_Erica then lay on top of Lisa, and holding the helpless women in her arms, plunged her tongue into her slave's willing mouth. They mingled their tongues together, wet mouths kissing each other again and again._

_"I'm not done with you yet, Lisa," stated Erica, "there is still more to come."_

_From the night table next to the bed, she withdrew a ballgag and blindfold, and displayed them for Lisa. Her slave's response was to open her mouth wide, and Erica buckled the red rubber ball within. Then Erica buckled the black leather blindfold over Lisa's eyes, cutting off her vision._

_Erica removed herself from the bed, and she removed a dildo harness from the night table. Silently, she strapped it around her waist, then locked the crotch strap between her legs._

_In the mirror's reflection, Erica looked at herself and smiled. Whenever she used the harness, she loved the sight of it in the mirror. Her lovely female body, harnessed, with an erect male shaft._

_There would be no need to lubricate the shaft. Lisa was already wet and excited as Erica climbed onto the bed. Erica held herself over Lisa, on her elbows and knees. Ever so gently, she lowered the shaft's head to the entrance of Lisa's moist lovebox. She wanted just the tip to sit at the entrance, to excite Lisa even further._

_"Mmmmmph!" cried Lisa._

_"Bet you can't guess what's next," said Erica._

_Lisa strained against her bonds, and Erica only wished that she could look into her eyes. But she wanted Lisa to be totally helpless as the dildo took her between her legs._

_Suddenly, without warning, Erica plunged the shaft deeply into Lisa's cunt. The time for suspense and play was over, and the dildo slid in quickly and easily, since Lisa was wet and ready._

_"Mmmmmmph!"_

_"Slut!" playfully accused Erica._

_Erica then began to thrust with the shaft, and remove it partially, only to thrust once again. Every time, Lisa would buck and moan within her gag, and fight her restraints._

_Lisa threw her head backward against the pillow, then from side to side as Erica continued her sexual use of her slave. The pillow under her behind had made her pussy even more accessible, and Erica now wished that she had placed a small butt plug up Lisa's bottom to plug her last orifice._

_That would have been a final crowning touch to her use of Lisa this night. But she had not done it, unfortunately!_

_'A Mistress can't have everything,' Erica thought to herself._

_"Mmmmmph!"_

_'But she can have almost everything.'_

_Erica continued using the shaft, until she felt that Lisa was finally ready. She knew all of Lisa's responses down pat, and she knew when her slave was ready to come at her command._

_"Come!" ordered Erica._

_In a rush, Lisa let loose a flood of one orgasm after another, her body bucking against the bedsheets. She moaned under the gag as wave after wave of orgasm erupted from between her legs to surge through her entire body._

_"Mmmmmmph!"_

_Erica continued until Lisa was totally exhausted and spent, and her sweaty body lay still upon the bed. Then Erica stood up and removed the gag and blindfold, leaving Lisa gasping for breath._

_"Thank you, Mistress," panted Lisa._

_"You're welcome, Lisa. Now you may clean the shaft," ordered Erica as she knelt back on the bed, and placed the dildo at the entrance to Lisa's mouth._

_Without hesitation, Lisa took the black shaft into her mouth, sucking on it like it was a real cock, and cleaned it of all of her secretions. She took it all the way to the back of her throat, her cheeks puckered as she sucked at the latex cock._

_"What a wanton little slut you are," commented Erica._

_Lisa didn't answer, since her mouth was full of dildo at the moment. Her eyes betrayed her feeling of pure lust, as she sucked greedily on the dildo._

_"Enough," said Erica as she removed herself from the bed._

_"Thank you, Mistress,"_

_Erica then unlocked the belt from around her waist, and placed it on the dresser, the sex toy an interesting contrast on the elegant piece of furniture._

_"Now it's your turn," said Erica as she unlocked Lisa from her bondage, then lay upon her side of the bed, and opened her legs, "please your Mistress, slave."_

_Lisa did not have to be told twice, as her tongue dived into Erica's sex, quickly arousing the Domme. Their naked bodies mingled together, sweat pouring from both, soft moans escaping from Erica's lips._

_Erica knew how to control herself so that she would not climax too quickly. She wanted Lisa to have to work at bringing her to orgasm, not simply a quick come. But she had been excited herself, so it did not take too long for Erica to moan with an orgasm herself, and cry as the intense pleasure washed over her._

_---_

_Later on, as they lay under the covers together, but still naked, Lisa looked steadily into the eyes of her Mistress._

_"I'm sorry that I have to leave, Mistress. Perhaps I could work something out, stay here..."_

_"No," firmly said Erica, "you have a duty and an obligation, just as you have had one by serving me. If we were a normal male/female couple then you would be torn between families. But instead, you are my Maid and slave. I cannot work if you have to be in two places at once, Lisa. I need an assistant to be at my side as I train and evaluate a slave."_

_"I understand, Mistress," answered Lisa._

_"If you hadn't, I'd have to paddle that behind of yours until you did," said Erica._

_"May I suggest something?" asked Lisa._

_"Go ahead."_

_"May I recommend my replacement?"_

_"Sure."_

_"I know a woman who wants to serve a Mistress. She's a graduate of a cooking school, and knows how to keep house for a Mistress. I talk to her in the clubs, and she's eager to serve a Domme in a twenty-four hour, seven day a week arrangement."_

_"I always gave you a day off," stated Erica._

_"True, but she wants a Domme, Mistress. Her name is Andrea Clark."_

_"Invite her on Saturday to Stephanie's promotion so that I can meet her. Unless you might be a little embarrassed for her to be watching as you get spanked."_

_"No, Mistress. That will be quite all right."_

_They both drifted off to a deep sleep after a night of use and lovemaking that had left them exhausted but happy._

_Part Two: Stephanie's Night_

_Since Stephanie had been Erica's slave and protegé, Erica had decided to hold the ceremony at her house. She had invited about thirty people to the event, mostly attended by Dom(mes) and their slaves and submissives._

_Erica had dressed in a PVC Dominatrix dress that hugged all of her curves, but left her legs exposed. It was much more comfortable to wear for an extended time than the Catsuit would be._

_Stephanie had chosen a simple leather bra, skirt, hose, and modest heels. She had looked so good that Erica had taken several pictures of her, complimenting her on her appearance._

_Mistress Marcia and her slave husband Simon owned a catering business, so they had agreed to oversee the entire affair. Not only had they provided the food, but also the wait staff, parking arrangements, change rooms (the downstairs bedrooms), and security to make certain that no guest ventured upstairs or into the library._

_The party was limited to the first floor of the house, mainly the Dining Room, and the Dungeons downstairs. Ropes had been stretched across entries to off limits rooms, and guards (dressed in Domme outfits holding crops) made sure that the curious were kept out._

_Not that Erica imagined that any of her friends would harm or damage anything, but she wanted the activities to be strictly focused._

_As Hostess, she had chosen to wear a simple black leather dress, and had asked Stephanie to dress simply as well. Even though Erica was known as a Domme of considerable means, she did not believe in flaunting her position._

_She would greet every new arrival, and then they would be conducted to a changing room where they could change from street clothes to fetish wear, and then into another room for cocktails before the formal buffet Dinner would begin._

_Marcia had made every waitress (indeed all of the staff that she had provided was female) dress in a rubber Maid's outfit; some in black others in red. All wore collars around their neck, and some were quite beautiful indeed._

_In between the arrival of guests, Erica had wanted to go into the kitchen to get a drink, and Marcia had appeared at her side and handed her a large glass of Coke._

_"Thank you," said Erica, taking a sip._

_"Thought you could use a drink."_

_"Anything in here?" asked Erica._

_"You're supposed to keep a clear head as Hostess, this isn't a wedding," pointed out Marcia, "D/s and alcohol don't mix, which is why I'm pushing soft drinks."_

_"Thank you," answered Erica, happy there was a lull, "do you usually cater affairs with a D/s theme?"_

_"Once, in Manhattan. The client was doing one for Halloween, he thought it was a joke. What he didn't know was that all of my girls are into D/s in one form or another," laughed Marcia._

_"That Coke was good, thank you," said Erica as she handed it to a passing Maid._

_"You're welcome," said Marcia._

_"How is the party going?" asked Erica._

_"Stephanie is the life of the party, and since Lisa is your Maid she's overseeing things in the kitchen. But Simon is the one really in charge there. Most of your guests have arrived, so I'll open the buffet soon. In short, everything's OK."_

_"Thank you," said Erica._

_"Someone new," noticed Marcia as the front door opened to admit a new guest._

_The newest arrival was a woman about 30, alone, who passed her coat to the waiting Maid. She was wearing a leather top and skirt, and carried a matching handbag. Very attractive with black hair, and Erica couldn't place her at all._

_"Andrea Clark," said the woman, introducing herself._

_"Mistress Erica Riken."_

_"Pleased to meet you, Mistress."_

_"Mutual. Since this is business mixed with pleasure, we'll talk alone after I promote Stephanie to Mistress."_

_"Agreed."_

_"I looked at your resume, very impressive," commented Erica._

_"Thank you, Mistress."_

_"Lisa tells me that you are eager to serve a Domme. Is that true?"_

_"Yes, Mistress Erica."_

_"We'll talk alone in the library later. Meanwhile, go and enjoy yourself. Lisa is about, you'll find her with no trouble."_

_"Thank you, Mistress."_

_As Andrea walked away, Erica undressed the woman with her eyes. Andrea was simply stunning in appearance, not a hair out of place, her nails trimmed, and the leather fitting her like a glove._

_Erica returned back to her job as Hostess as the final guests arrived. She greeted them, made small talk, and a Maid showed her the clipboard indicating that all of her guests had arrived._

_At least Lauren Singer would not be crashing this party!_

_The buffet Dinner went quite well, and Erica and Stephanie actually got to eat something in between small talk. Marcia would appear at the strangest moment with a small plate of something, fork, and drink, so that they got some Dinner as well._

_But the main event was to occur in the Dungeon, and Marcia made certain to shepherd the guests downstairs, where further non-alcoholic refreshments were waiting, and the D/s events would begin._

_Marcia would introduce each little event, and her husband Simon would make sure that the participants were ready beforehand. All of the guests were seated on folding chairs, except for Erica, who occupied a throne like chair against the wall._

_"Next will be Master Brian and Kim," announced Marcia._

_The audience applauded, and the two participants walked to the main portion of the Dungeon._

_Brian was tall, over six feet. In his late thirties, Brian was very attractive, and worked as a Bond trader down on Wall Street. He wore a black leather vest, black T-shirt, and black leather jeans. Kim, his submissive, was in her late twenties, and naked except for a collar and bracelets. While seated, she had been wearing a black robe, which she had left on her chair._

_"Thank you," said Brian, "I shall now demonstrate the crop with Kim."_

_Brian locked Kim's wrists onto the ceiling chain, followed by her ankles to a spreader bar. He nodded to one of the Maids, and Kim was soon reaching with her toes for the floor._

_He then kissed her on the lips, and held a riding crop which he offered to Kim, who kissed it without having been ordered._

_"What is your safeword?" he asked._

_"Lust," she answered._

_"Prepare to be used."_

_"Yes, Master."_

_The crop had a broad leather pad on the end of the crop. Brian began with a series of small strokes that left red marks on the outside of Kim's thighs._

_"Oh!" she cried whenever the crop struck her._

_After every five strokes, Brian would give Kim a firm kiss on the lips. She responded just as eagerly to his kiss as his crop._

_Then Brian began to strike on the inside of her thighs, beginning above her knees reaching to just below her sex. Kim would moan after each stroke, and she pulled at the chain holding her wrists together._

_"Ah!"_

_"Ah!"_

_"Ah!"_

_"Ah!" she cried._

_Brian was a skilled Dom; and every stroke would leave a mark behind. He was gently using her, in comparison to what a real scene would be like._

_The crop then fell upon her breasts, making Kim moan and writhe in response. She did not try to avoid the crop, instead she willingly kept herself facing her master._

_"Thank you," said Brian when he finished, since each scene had to be short in order for the evening's main event._

_"You're welcome," answered Mistress Marcia._

_There was applause as Brain released Kim, then kissed her passionately on her lips. He helped to a seat, then draped a short robe over her and got her a drink._

_Soon, everyone quieted down without Marcia's urging. They all knew the reason why they had come to Erica's house, and it was now time._

_"Attention," began Mistress Marcia, "be it known that this evening is a special night in the life of Mistress Erica and her slave, Stephanie. For Mistress Erica has an important announcement for us all."_

_"Thank you, Marcia," said Erica from the throne like chair, "Lisa, you may bring in Stephanie."_

_Lisa led Stephanie into the Dungeon. She was wearing her leather dress, and was not restrained in any way._

_"Kneel, and state your name and owner," ordered Erica._

_"Stephanie Richards, my owner is Mistress Erica Riken."_

_"How long have you been my slave?"_

_"Three years, Mistress."_

_"In your time with me, what have you learned?"_

_"To properly treat a slave, obey safewords, to set limits and respect them, Mistress."_

_"As owner of Stephanie Richards, I let her use others, and found that she was a talented Domme. I realized that her proper place was as a Domme herself. I have therefore decided both to free Stephanie Richards, and promote her to Domme as well."_

_The audience clapped briefly._

_"Do you, Stephanie Richards accept and understand the power and responsibilities that you are accepting?"_

_"Yes, Mistress Erica."_

_"That you will always place the safety of those in your power above all else?"_

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_"That you must always remember that absolute power corrupts?"_

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_"Based on my experience as a Dominatrix, I pronounce Stephanie Richards fit to be a Dominatrix as well. Arise, Stephanie."_

_Erica handed Stephanie a black leather-riding crop, which she took respectfully into her hands._

_"Thank you, Mistress Erica," replied Stephanie._

_"Congratulations, Mistress Stephanie," said Erica as she kissed Stephanie on the cheeks._

_"Thank you, Erica, for everything. Including my life," whispered Stephanie into Erica's ear._

_"You're welcome, Stephanie."_

_"I swear that I'll be a good Mistress."_

_"I know that you will, Stephanie."_

_The audience applauded as Stephanie held the crop in her hands, then watched as she rose to her feet in confirmation of her new position._

_"Mistress Janet has graciously allowed the use of her slave Lisa by Mistress Stephanie," announced Marcia, resuming her role as Mistress of Ceremonies._

_Everyone watched in silence as a chair was provided for Stephanie to sit upon. Then Lisa reappeared, wearing a black cloak. She walked to the front, and bowed before Mistress Stephanie._

_"Lisa at your service, Mistress."_

_"Strip," ordered Stephanie._

_Lisa removed her cloak, revealing that she was naked underneath, wearing only a collar and a pair of high heels. She handed the cloak to a member of the audience, who held it on their lap._

_"Kneel," ordered Stephanie._

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_"Do you submit willingly to my use?"_

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_"What is your safeword?"_

_"Pleasure, Mistress."_

_"Good, you may sit on my lap," ordered Stephanie as she sat in the chair._

_Lisa did as the new Domme told her, aching her back so that her bottom was easily accessible for use._

_"Thank you, slave."_

_"You're welcome, Mistress."_

_Stephanie began to swat at Lisa's bottom with one stroke after another, making certain that her hand did not strike the same place twice. Each stroke was carefully measured, and Lisa moaned when her bottom was hit. The skin, which had remained pink, now turned a dull red as one swat after another was administered._

_"Oh!" cried Lisa, after one particularly strong stroke._

_"Thank your Mistress," ordered Stephanie._

_"Thank you, Mistress Stephanie," cried Lisa._

_Stephanie began another series of strokes, somewhat harsher than before. Erica, seated in her chair, counted ten in the first series, and knew that Stephanie would only deliver ten more. She counted each one, and they were administered with stronger force from Stephanie's outstretched hand._

_"I am finished," announced Stephanie, which caused scattered applause from the audience._

_"Thank you, Mistress," panted Lisa, still draped over Stephanie's leather clad lap._

_"You may stand, slave!" ordered Stephanie._

_Lisa rose to her feet, followed by Stephanie. The audience applauded, and many walked over to shake the hands of both Stephanie and Lisa. Erica rose to her feet also, and joined in the crowd to make small talk with her guests._

_"Mistress?" asked a female voice at Erica's back after she had circulated in the crowd._

_"Yes," said Erica as she turned, then faced Andrea, "I'm sorry I had forgotten. We can talk upstairs, Marcia can run things here."_

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_Erica excused herself, then walked up the steps followed by Andrea who was two steps behind her. In the Dining Room the staff was setting out coffee and cake, and Marcia would soon herd the guests upstairs._

_"Would you like some coffee?" offered Erica._

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_Erica motioned over one of the wait staff, and ordered a tray of coffee to be delivered to the library. Andrea then followed the Mistress to the library door, and Erica opened it, and the two women went inside. Erica sat behind the desk, and Andrea took a chair in front of her._

_"That's better," said Erica._

_They were interrupted by a knock on the door, and the Maid entered and placed a tray containing a pot of coffee, a pitcher of milk, sugar, and two cups and a few cookies on the table. The Maid poured two cups of coffee, then handed them to Erica and Andrea before taking her leave._

_"Thank you," said Erica to the Maid, "make sure that we're not disturbed."_

_"Yes, Mistress," the woman replied, closing the door behind her._

_Erica sipped at the hot coffee, enjoying the aroma of the French Roast that had always been her favorite._

_"You come to me highly recommended by Lisa, and I have gone over your resume and sexual history that I asked you for. Very impressive," observed Erica._

_"Thank you, Mistress."_

_"Did you go to school in England?"_

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_"And to cooking school as well?"_

_"Yes, Mistress."_

_"Why?"_

_"I thought that I wanted to be a chef in a hotel, Mistress. Instead, after I graduated, I began to serve a Mistress. I decided that I would rather keep house for a Mistress who would satisfy my sexual desires."_

_"Which are?" asked Erica._

_"To be used physically and sexually," answered Lisa._

_"How have you been used?"_

_"I have been whipped, cropped, spanked, bound, and used sexually by both Masters and Dommes, Mistress," answered Erica._

_"If I take you on, there will be a testing period to see if you work out. I am a very demanding and exacting Mistress."_

_"I understand, Mistress Erica. That is why I want to serve you, in all things."_

_"When can you start?" asked Erica._

_"Monday, Mistress."_

_"Very well, then, Monday. Thank you, Andrea. I agree to salary, health care, and other requirements as specified in your resume."_

_"Thank you, Mistress Erica. I will endeavor to please and serve you to the best of my abilities and skills," said Andrea._

_"Let's rejoin the party, and you can work out the details with Lisa. Who will be happy to learn that she has provided for her replacement."_

_After Erica rose to her feet, Andrea knelt on the floor in front of Erica's desk. She bowed her head, and placed her arms out in front of her, offering them to her Mistress._

_"Thank you, Andrea, that is a touching display of submission. I accept, and you shall be used for the first time on Monday, after Lisa has explained your duties in the House."_

_"Thank you, Mistress," answered Andrea._

_Continues in [chapter thirteen](the_challenge13.html)
