---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: In Bondage and Love
authors:
- Steff
tags:
- F/f
- bond
- shop
- latex
- catsuit
- gag
- blindfold
- cuffs
- climax
- tease
- corset
- armbinder
- leash
- collar
- public
- toys
- buttplug
- inflatable
- rom
- cons
- XX
date: 2023-09-23 00:00:00
---

### Part 3

I woke up laying on the futon wrapped in Tina’s arms. I rolled over and began to suck on one of her nipples. She moaned and rolled over so she was laying on her back. I just moved as she did so I never stopped sucking. I gently slid my hand down her belly, slightly tickling her, until I reached pussy. She moaned louder as I slid two fingers inside her. After a few minutes her pussy contracted tightly around my figures as she came. I withdrew my fingers and pinched her clit causing her to scream and her whole body twitched as her orgasm continued. I squeezed and twisted her clit until she closed her legs and grabbed my hair, pulled me off her nipple and into a wildly passionate kiss.

“Steff, I really could get used to waking me up like that,” she said in between deep breaths. I just laughed and began kissing again. After lots of kissing she gently pushed me up and said, “As much as I would love to lay here and just make out with you, we have to go shopping.” I looked at her with a confused look and she said, “You are coming with me to the club’s New Years party. That means I must make sure you have something appropriate to wear… and before you make some smart-assed comment, no you don’t have a choice.”

I just bit my lower lip and nodded. She kissed the tip of my nose and then sat up. We went up to her massive bedroom and took a shower. She played with my tits and crotch until I was really excited but she stopped short of letting my cum. Once we got out of the shower, I noticed two outfits laid out on the bed. My clothes consisted of a pair of thong panties, leather miniskirt and tight leather halter top that did a good job lifting my breasts and forming a nice set of cleavage.

I yelped when Tina grabbed me from behind. I was pulled against her and she began to suck and bite the side of my neck. One of her hands went between my legs and she massaged my clit. I came immediately when she touched my clit. I groaned loudly and collapsed into her arms as the pleasure took me. She stopped and helped me get my legs back under me before she said, “I love the way you react to my touch. It is like you were born to be my little sex toy.”

“Mmmmm,” I replied before I stood up. “I love my reactions to you and I love that you are willing to do those things to me.”

Once I had my feet under me, she took my hand and led me to the dining room for breakfast. After breakfast we went to the garage but stopped before we entered and she held up a collar with an attached leash. I rolled my eyes and picked up my hair so it wasn’t in the way. The collar was snuggly locked around my neck then we went to the car. We drove over to a multi-level parking garage. We got out of the car; she grabbed my leash and then we walked several blocks to a massive fetish/bondage shop.

The shop looks like it was housed in an old large department store. The windows were filled with mannequins. The mannequins were dressed in various fetish outfits and some were also bound in various restraints. Behind the mannequins were curtains blocking people from looking inside. Entering thru blacked out doors into a cool store. Latex and leather were the prevalent odors. Immediately inside were racks of really sexy clothes. On one side of the store were the more extreme fetish clothes. Latex, leather, and other fabrics in just about every imaginable outfit. The opposite side of the store was filled with sex toys and lotions. The back was stocked with bondage items.

“Hi Tina!” the sales woman said a few minutes after we entered. The woman came up and gave Tina a friendly hug. “You must be Steffine.”

Tina replied, “April, I am glad you’re here. Yes, this is my little Steffine. I am looking to get something to wear for the New Years Eve party.”

April circled me a couple times before asking, “How far are you looking to go with her?”

“All the way,” Tina said as she gave me an evil and mischievous look. I just gulped, which caused both to laugh.

“Well, you still have a large store credit from the contest you won on the 4th of July party,” April said. She gave Tina an electronic key card. “This will open one of our special dressing rooms.”

“Thanks, Size 7 please.” Tina replied. She pulled my leash leading me towards the latex fetish section. “This is going to be fun.”

We went to a rack that had full body latex catsuits. She asked me what color, then disregarded my suggestion and grabbed a pink catsuit. I was led to the back, to the dressing room. Tina swiped the card and the door opened. The room was larger than I expected. There was a padded bench, large comfortable looking chair, a good-sized table, three-panel mirror with a raised platform, a cabinet and a metal bar overhead. She told me to put the suit on and that there was lube in the cabinet, before she left to get more stuff.

I set the latex suit on the bench and removed my clothes. When I looked in the cabinet, I found the lube next to the rubber glue and latex polish. I lubed myself from the neck down then grabbed the suit. The suit was medium-thick, pink, transparent latex. Since I knew I had no choice but to wear it, I put it on without examining it. My legs slid into the tight legs that even enclosed my feet. Pulling up over my hips and waist I discovered the crotch was opened leaving my naughty bits exposed. I pulled the suit up, struggling a little to get my arms into the sleeves and my hands into the built-in gloves. I had to adjust the front of the suit until my breasts were smoothly seated in the individual pockets for them. My nipples were also left uncovered by the suit. Just as I finished smoothing the suit out and getting all the air bubbles out Tina walked in with arms full of other stuff.

She tossed the stuff on the table and walked over to me. “Have I ever told you how beautiful you are?” she asked and she kissed me with lots of emotion behind it. After she broke the kiss she quickly looked through items she brought in and approached me with a pink latex hood. She had me braid my hair on the top and back of my head, then slide the hood over my head, making sure my hair went through an opening in the top. The hood covered my whole head, going down my neck to just about my shoulders overlapping the suit by a few inches. The hood had openings for my eyes and mouth. Small hoses went into my nose allowing me to breathe through them.

After Tina smoothed out the hood, she guided me to mirrors to look. I must admit I like the color and the look of the suit and hood. As I admired myself, she went and got the next item. She kissed me again before saying, “This is the last time you get to see and talk until I decide otherwise. Do you have any last words?”

“Just that I love you,” was my reply.

She grinned and held up a purple leather harness. The harness had a built-in ball gag and attached blindfold. I grinned for a second then opened my mouth. The ball was on the larger size but it popped into my mouth behind my teeth. The blindfold was positioned and then she began to adjust the straps and pull everything tight. Straps went around my face from under my chin to the top of my head. Two straps went around the sides of my face and buckled in the back.

I nodded when Tina asked if I was ok; she led me to the bench and helped to sit. My feet were slid into high heeled boots. Once my feet were comfortably settled, she began to roll thin latex up my legs. Once the latex got over my knees, she helped me stand and continued to roll the latex up to about mid-thigh. I was guided to a different part of the dressing room and told to wait. After hearing something being moved, Tina returned and buckled cuffs around my wrist. My arms were raised and attached to the overhead bar. My arms were pulled upwards until I was almost standing on my toes, even while wearing heels.

I just got used to the new position when my left knee was tapped so I raised my foot and something was pulled up the leg slightly. I raised my other leg when told to do so. The latex panties were slid up my legs and around my waist. The attacked vibrators were slid into both my pussy and ass. She spends a few minutes smoothing everything out and paying special attention to my stuffed crotch.

Tina stopped just before I came and whispered, “No my love. You don’t get to cum that easily.” She laughed when I groaned and brought the next item. Again, I had to step into the item, which turned out to be a corset. The corset went from my hips to push-up bra height on my breasts. Once the corset was aligned Tina began to tighten the laces. As the corset tightened my breasts were squeezed and pushed up. It took her three lacing sessions to get the corset tightened to her licking. During “resting” time she adjusted my breast. When she finally finished my wrist were uncuffed and I was given a few minutes to get used to the corset.

The next item was a neck corset. A rigid but soft corset was wrapped around my neck. The neck corset went under and slightly in front of my chin down to the top of the cleavage created by my push-up corset. The neck corset wrapped tight around my neck and was laced in the back. Once it was laced I could still breath but could not turn my head. When the corset was on, I was led to the chair and made to kneel facing away from it.

“Almost done dear,” Tina whispered into my ears as she pulled my arms behind my back. An extremely tight latex armbinder was slid up my arms. With my hand palm to palm, the monoglove armbinder seemed to move up effortlessly. Once it was all the way up, buckles were attached to the lower part of the neck corset. Finally, the armbinder tightened as Tina zipped it close. This forced my forearms tightly together and ensured that I would not be able to separate them. I was truly stuck now.

“There we go,” Tina said. “Were all done.” Just as she said that my crotch was assaulted by powerful vibrators that also plunged deeper into me. I came almost instantly and the orgasm was a doozy. I collapsed sidewise and just twitched and wiggled uncontrollable as the orgasm’s ecstasy rocked my whole existence.

The orgasm continued for a long time and by the time I recovered from all the aftershocks Tina had her feet resting on my ass and was talking with her friend April.

“You are right,” April was saying. “She is very pretty and naturally submissive. She also looks good when she twitches during her orgasms.”

Tina laughed and said, “That's all just a bonus. She is a sweet girl and truly loves me for me. Let’s also not forget that she is an awesome kisser and really sensitive to my touch.” She seemed to notice that I had come back to reality because she removed her feet and asked, “Are you ready to go home?”

I groaned into my gag and gave a muffled “Mmmph.” She helped me up and removed the gag after telling me not to talk. After I was given some water Tina pulled me into a tight embrace and kissed me deeply. Between the restraints, her tongue and the intensity of the kiss I almost came again. She gave a final drink before the gag was shoved, forcefully shoved back into my mouth.

Laughing Tina said, “Like I said, she’s a great kisser. We’ll take all of it and she will wear it all out.”

I was led by a leash blindly out of the dressing room. Tina signed for everything before we walked outside. Once we were outside, I felt her begin to inflate both the vibrators inside me. I cannot believe I didn’t notice the inflation bulbs hanging between my legs. Once Tina was happy my vibrators were turned on and my leash was tugged so I followed her.

It was a long walk to the car and a few times I had to stop because I was forced over the edge and came like a made woman. I was also felt up by a couple people and I came in front of one of them. Once I was buckled into the car the vibrators were turned up. After another orgasm we pulled up to a drive through and I had another orgasm when we were in front of the pickup window. I was wished good luck by the worker before we drove off. I had two more orgasms before we got back to Tina’s home. The vibrators were turned off and I was given a couple minutes before she helped me out of the car.

Once we got upstairs Tina removed my gag and blindfold so I could see myself in the mirror I was standing in front of. I LOOKED GOOD. The purple of the latex mono-glove armbinder, neck corset, boot, corset, and panties looked good against the pink bodysuit. Even the inflation bulbs and hoses were the same color purple and the rest.

Tina turned me around and kissed me. After a few minutes of intense, enjoyable kissing I was led to the bed and knelt at the edge. Tina removed her panties from under her skirt, sat on the bed, spread her legs, and shoved my face into her crotch. I eagerly began to suck her for all I was worth. When she was close, I sucked her clit into my mouth and gently but firmly bit on it. She screamed my name as she came. She spread her juices all over my hooded face and the pleasure rocked her. I released her clit and just licked and sucked her pussy until she was released from her orgasm’s grip. I stopped and just knelt there until she recovered. When she sat up and looked at me, I just stayed there and gave her my best loving look.

“That was awesome,” she said between heavy breaths. “Do like your New Year's party outfit.”

“Does it really matter?” I replied. “To answer your question, Mistress, I do like the outfit.”
