---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Living Art
authors:
- Soloist
tags:
- sbm
- cons
- X
date: 2002-08-20 00:00:00
---

8 
8
Living Art
by Soloist

One thing about beach cities, you can get away
with a lot.  Living Art and Performing Art are common.  This
led to a really wild plan on my part.  The idea was born when I found
access to the roof of a four story office building overlooking one of the
business streets.

One weekday morning before daylight I erected
a St. Andrews cross at the edge of the roof at the side facing the street. 
I also hung a banner over the edge of the roof.  I put a padlock on
the roof door to discourage the curious from coming up for a closer look
at what I was about to do or to play touchy-feely.  Maybe accessibility
would be an idea for another time.

As the sky began to lighten, I stripped, placed
a cloth sack over my head, stepped up on the parapet and clicked my ankle
cuffs into the snap hooks on the legs of the cross.  Reaching up,
I padlocked my wrist cuffs to the eyebolts on the upper arms of the cross.
I was now stretched, but not uncomfortable, on the cross.  The key
to the locks was held on the windup key of an alarm clock fastened on the
back side of one upper arm of the cross.  At the appointed time, the
key on a string would drop to within reach of a my hand.  Until then,
I was fixed to the cross.

As it became lighter, my little show opened. I
was on the cross, naked and exposed to public view over one of the busiest
streets in town!

The banner at my feet said:

LIVING ART
Suffering for the Needy

The bag over my head had eye holes so I would
not miss a thing and a painted howling mouth to show the suffering. 
The idea of course was to fend off the cops.  I wanted to pass as
a living art show.  To add to the effect I had placed a collection
box on the sidewalk below me with a sign reading "For the model. 
He was placed here by the Society to Remember the Poor".

With the light, pedestrians began to notice me. 
Foot traffic increased as businesses opened and tourists started looking
for breakfast and the beachy shops.  Right across the street from
my position were several sidewalk cafés.  The morning trade
was getting a little extra with their eggs this morning.

People were stopping to look, stare, or ogle depending
on their outlook.  Most smiled, some shook their heads, a few got
binoculars to better check the suffering model.  And this model was
beginning to suffer from being forced to stand in one position.  This
lead to shifting of weight that furthered the appearance of suffering for
the audience as my apparently suspended body moved about.

The sea breeze caressed my body with my balls
and nipples being most sensitive.  The effect of the breeze on my
body was to give me the sensation that the eyes moving over my body were
actually touching and stroking me.  This was extremely exciting and
I found myself presenting my viewers with a huge erection for their examination. 
The ones with the binoculars were really enjoying the show.  And so
was I enjoying myself.

All I wanted to do was grab my cock and not being
even able to even touch myself anywhere was extremely frustrating. 
But I could only maintain an erection for so
long, and as the wind lessened, lost it but not the now aching desire.
The crowd apparently accepted my hard on as a natural accident and not
part of the show or a lewd act.

They just assumed, correctly, that I was stuck
and, incorrectly, that whoever was supposed to be watching out for me was
goofing off. And as the morning progressed and the wind increased or decreased,
I got and lost more unsatisfied erections. 
Finally, every time my cock rose up, I heard
a cheer from below as though I had a flag on the end of it.  The audience
thought my supposed discomfort was funny.  I thought it was wonderful.

Needless to say, I found being exposed and on
display like this extremely arousing, exciting, and frustrating. In other
words wonderful.  Several times I heard the roof door rattle and really
came close to freaking out.

I had no idea how long I had been in position
or what time it was. It must have been about midmorning when the wind came
up stronger than before.  As the cool breeze stroked my super sensitive
skin, I felt like I was going to cum. The thought of cumming like this
really got me turned on. I found myself moving my hips to swing my cock
side to side, up and down to get the maximum sensation possible under the
circumstances.

Then to my surprise, I actually did cum and shot
a load over the edge of roof.  My first feeling was that of more frustration. 
It was a weak orgasm, nothing like the monster
I was aching for and would have had if I could have gotten a hand on my
cock. My second thought was about the people below me. They were going
to be pissed!  And I panicked and fought my restraints but there was
no way I could get away. But fortunately the people right below me could
not see what had happened above them.  If anyone got hit, they probably
thought a bird had nailed them.

Now though, I was ready to quit and go home, but
of course there was no way.  I had set the clock's alarm for 2:00
PM. 
When I planned this adventure, I wanted to be
sure that I would have to continue the show through the busy lunch hour
for 
maximum exposure.  So I remained on display
in all my glory.

After a while, the rising wind moving over my
skin started arousing me to erections again.  Then it became apparent
that 
the lunch hour had started.  I had been
In position for over six hours by this time and was shifting and moving
quite a bit in the 
effort to ease my aching muscles.  The crowd
seemed to enjoy this, either because I was suffering or because they thought
I was doing a strange dance.  Some even clapped in time, apparently
to give me a beat to work to.

Finally the lunch crowd began to thin out and
I knew I was in the home stretch.  As I thought about the orgasm I
planned to have when I got away, I really got a hard on, massive and continuous.
This seemed to please the people below as they showed by their hoots and
various gestures.

At last the alarm went off and the key dropped
to my hand. I released myself as fast as I could with my stiff joints,
after all I 
had been up there for over eight hours. When
I finally got free I laid the cross down on the roof, grabbed my clothes
and fled down the stairs and out the back of the building.

I walked around the buiding, picked up the collection
box while moving at a fast pace and got out of there.  When I finally
got home, I whacked of for one of the great orgasms of all times. Then
I started making plans for future live art performances.

You see, when I checked the collection box, I
found $129.72 in it.
