---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/kristens_past.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Ghosts of Kristen's Past
authors:
- Zack
tags:
- F/f
- sbf
- bondage
- reluct
- XX
date: 2002-07-16 00:00:00
---

8
8
**Kristen's Story**
Ghosts of Kristen's
Past (Sequel to [Kristen in Custody](kristen_custody.html))
By Zack
Copyright©
2001, 2002. All rights reserved._

_Kristen was in bed asleep when there was a knock on the door of her
apartment.   She still wasn't quite awake when she opened the
door and saw a uniformed deputy sheriff standing on her porch._

_The deputy said,  "Kristen,  I have a warrant for your arrest
on a charge of attempted psychic murder."_

_Kristen woke up fast when she heard the word 'arrest'.   "A
charge of attempted what?"  she asked._

_The deputy said,   "If your thoughts could kill,  Joan
would be dead by now.   Jane told me about the hard time Joan
gave you when she had you in her clutches.   I'm their brother
Jim,  and I want to apologize for my part in her evil scheme.  
Joan told me that you would play the defendant in a courtroom scene for
only a few hours,  not that you'd be in her custody for two days.  
I wouldn't have pretended to arrest you if I'd known what she was planning."_

_"I recognize you now.   Come inside.   I just got
up.   Would you like some coffee?"_

_Jim entered the apartment and closed the door.   "Yes, 
thanks.   I'm on my way home.   I'm still working the
night shift."   He watched Kristen walk barefoot to the kitchen.  
She was wearing an oversize tee shirt that almost reached her knees.  
It was obvious that she didn't have anything on underneath it.  and
he remembered how her naked body had looked when he'd arrested her._

_Kristen started the coffee maker.   She said,  "Joan's
real plan was to have me audition for the role of her sub.  
Are you into bondage too?   Or are you the white sheep of your
family?"_

_"I do some,  but I'm not as obsessed as Joan is.   You
refused her offer?"_

_"Yeah,  I can't take the sort of severe,  long-time restraint
that she likes to inflict.   It's especially bad when she gets
inventive.   I experienced a lot of discomfort last weekend as
it was,  but if Jane hadn't been there to protect me I'd have spent
most of the time screaming."_

_"Are you still mad at her?"_

_"Well,  not a lot.   She and Jane are my best friends.  
It's just that Joan and I don't have matching kinks.   I'm sure
she'll find a nice masochist some day and they'll be very happy together."_

_Jim said,  "I have some friends who have that kind of relationship.  
Bob and Staci live together,  and she is really submissive.  
Once we were all at a party and she kept provoking Bob until he said he
was going to punish her.   She begged for mercy and pretended
to be afraid,  but everyone could tell that she had got just what
she wanted."_

_Kristen replied,  "We all have our preferences.   I like
to be tied up when I have sex,  but I don't like police handcuffs
or gags I can't breathe through."   She continued,  "This
is a strange conversation.   Usually I start hinting about bondage
around the third date,  but this is the first time we've really met
and it's all we've talked about."_

_Kristen started to back away from Jim.   She said,  "Please
don't arrest me,  Officer.   I'm innocent."_

_He moved towards her and said,  "Sorry,  ma'am.  
I have a warrant and I've got to execute it."_

_Kristen turned to run,  but Jim was too fast for her.  
He grabbed her arms from behind and tripped her.   He slowed
her fall,  but Kristen still hit the floor with a thump,  and
she found herself face down with Jim astride her thighs.   He
pulled her hands together and used a plastic handcuff to fasten them palm-to-palm.  
She kept struggling until he had the cuff pulled tight.   This
was the first time that Kristen had been restrained with a plastic handcuff, 
and she was surprised by how effective it was.   Her hands were
welded together,  and pulling against the thin plastic hurt her wrists
but didn't gain her any slack._

_Jim put a cuff around each of Kristen's ankles and loosely linked them
with another cuff.   He pulled her to her feet and leaned her
against a wall.   Her forehead was touching the wall and her
feet were about 18 inches away from it,  and when Jim stepped on the
link between her ankles she couldn't move._

_Jim said,  "Hold still,  I've got to search you for weapons."  
He moved his hands all over Kristen's body,  but concentrated on fondling
her breasts.   Kristen moaned when he tweaked her erect nipples.
He said,  "I saw a movie once where a female assassin had a gun built
in here.   I'm going to have to examine these closely."_

_He carried Kristen into the bedroom and helped her stand next to the
bed.   He pulled her tee shirt over her head and bunched it around
her wrists,  and then pushed her onto the bed.   He quickly
undressed and lay next to her and resumed his kissing and caressing of
her body.   Kristen was flushed and panting,  and when he
stroked her clit she moaned and spread her knees.   Jim paused
to roll on a condom and then he entered her.   Three thrusts
later Kristen screamed and bucked,  and she came again when Jim had
his climax._

_Kristen and Jim cooled down cuddled on the bed.   Kristen
said,  "That was great.   You might have guessed that it's
been a while since I last had sex."_

_Jim said,  "Now that we've met,  would you like to go on a
date?   Bob and Staci invited me to a party at their house next
Saturday.   Most of the other guests will have some sort of sex
kink,  so you should fit right in."_

_"Thanks a lot.   But I would like to meet your friends.  
Would you release me now,  please?   My wrists are starting
to hurt."_

_Jim got his key ring and removed the cuffs from Kristen's wrists and
ankles.   She said,  "How did you do that?   I
thought they had to be cut off."_

_"These are reusable cuffs.   A handcuff key will release the
ratchet."_

_Kristen put her arms around Jim's neck and kissed him.   She
purred,  "I'm glad you're here,  and it's not all lust."  
She kissed him again and then moved away and put her tee shirt back on. 
"The coffee's ready.   I'll cook some breakfast,  and after
we've eaten maybe you could give me another demonstration of modern police
equipment."_

_\* \* \*_

_Next Saturday..._

_Kristen had a good time at the party.   She amused the guests
with tales of her adventures with Jim's family.   Strangely enough, 
sub Staci was very upset about the way Joan had treated her._

_\* \* \*_

_Saturday morning a week later..._

_Kristen dialed Joan's number.   When the phone was answered
she said,  "Hi,  Joan.   I've got to run an errand, 
so I may not be home when you get here.   If I'm not,  the
door key is hidden in the same place,  so go inside.   I
won't be long.   She listened for a moment and then said, 
"OK,  thanks.   See you later.   Bye."_

_A short time later Joan arrived at Kristen's apartment.  
She knocked,  and when she got no answer she retrieved the door key
and went inside.   All of the shades were closed and it was dark
in the apartment,  so Joan couldn't see anything after being in the
bright northern Arizona sunshine.   She thought she heard somebody
in the bedroom.   She called,  "Kristen?  Where are
you?"_

_Joan was grabbed from behind and pushed to the floor.   Her
hands were forced together behind her back and a thin plastic cable tie
was circled around her wrists and pulled tight.   She opened
her mouth to scream,  but a hand stuffed a wad of cloth into it, 
and another long piece of cloth was pulled into her mouth and tied behind
her head.   Her ankles were crossed and tightly fastened with
another cable tie,  carefully placed so that no clothing was between
it and her skin._

_Joan rolled onto her side.   Her eyes had adjusted, 
and she saw a man and a woman standing next to her.   They both
wore ski masks over their faces._

_The man said,  "Damn!   This isn't Kristen.  
We should have grabbed her when she went out."_

_The woman replied,  "She'll be back.   What are we going
to do with her?"   She kicked Joan._

_"Take her into the bedroom."   The man picked Joan up and
put her over his shoulder.   He carried her into the bedroom
and dropped her on the bed.   The woman put another cable tie
around Joan's crossed wrists,  perpendicular to the first one.  
Before she tightened it she put a cable tie inside the loop.  
The man pushed Joan's ankles towards her wrists and the woman closed the
cable tie to fasten them in place.   Joan groaned when her legs
were released and the thin plastic strips cut into her wrists and ankles._

_The man said,  "You stay here and keep her quiet.   I'll
wait in the other room."_

_The woman put a cable tie around Joan's neck and tightened it until
it just touched her skin.   She threatened,  "If you make
a sound when Kristen comes in I'll pull this as tight as I can,  and
I won't be in any hurry to cut it off.   Do you understand?"_

_Joan nodded and whimpered through her gag.   A few minutes
later she heard Kristen enter the apartment and then the sounds of a struggle.  
Then the man said,  "Got her!   Come in here."_

_Kristen said,  "Who are you?   What is this?"_

_The man answered,  "She's Bonnie and I'm Clyde.   I'm
a pal of your old boyfriend Jake.   We were cellmates back in
Minnesota."_

_Kristen said,   "Jake's in prison?   Did he..."_

_Clyde interrupted,   "Did he squeal on you?   No.  
Jake's stupid,  but he's loyal.   He told me all about you, 
though.   I was really impressed.   Five perfectly
planned and executed robberies,  and absolutely no clues left behind.  
Jake was pissed that you ran off with all of the money,  though.  
Over $400,000,  he said.   He was so broke that he tried
a robbery on his own,  and without you to tell him what to do he was
caught at the scene."_

_"What do you want?"_

_"The money,  of course.   You are going to tell me where
it is.   I know you are smart enough to tell me before I have
to hurt you or hurt your friend in there.   You may be brave
for yourself,  but are you brave for her?"_

_"If I tell you will you let us go unharmed?"_

_"Of course.   There's no reason not to.   You can't
identify us,  and you won't want to tell the police about the money
anyway."_

_There was a long pause.   Then Kristen said,   "All
right.   The money is in a storage locker in Albuquerque."_

_Clyde exclaimed,  "Albuquerque!   That complicates things."  
He was quiet for several minutes and then he said,  "OK,  Bonnie, 
here's what we'll do.   Kristen and I will drive to Albuquerque
in her car.   You stay here with the other one.   Call
me on my mobile phone every couple of hours.   If I don't give
you the code word you hurt Kristen's little friend.   You understand, 
Kristen?   Make sure nothing goes wrong,  or your friend
will suffer."_

_Kristen pleaded,  "I'll do anything you say.   Please
don't hurt her,  she has nothing to do with this."_

_Clyde said,  "If I get the money nobody will get hurt.  
What do you need to get into the storage locker?"_

_"It's all there in my belly pack with my car keys."_

_Clyde said to Bonnie,  "Drive her car around front and open the
trunk.   I'll bring her out when it's all clear."_

_Joan was crying from the pain of the plastic strips cutting into her
wrists and ankles,  and from the pain of knowing that her friend was
a criminal.   She looked up when Bonnie entered the bedroom and
whimpered through her gag.   After Bonnie took it out she pleaded, 
"Please get me out of this hogtie.   I can't take it any more."_

_Bonnie snarled,  "Shut up,  Bitch.   You'll take
as much as I want you to take.   And you address me as Mistress."_

_Bonnie searched Kristen's dresser.   In the bottom drawer
she found Kristen's bondage equipment.   She removed a coil of
nylon rope and a padded leather blindfold._

_Bonnie cut off two feet of rope,  knotted the ends together, 
and put the knot over the top of the closet door.   When she
shut the door there was a loop of rope inside the room.   She
doubled the rest of the rope and put it through the loop._

_Bonnie blindfolded Joan and then cut the cable tie around her ankles.  
Joan moaned as she straightened her legs,  and then gasped when Bonnie
used her hair to pull her off the bed and over to the closet door.  
Bonnie used a cable tie to attached the doubled end of the rope to the
cable tie already around Joan's neck,  and then pulled on the rope
until Joan's heels were off the floor.   She tied the end of
the rope to the bottom hinge on the bedroom door._

_She said,  "I'm going to free your hands.   There are
no knots you can reach,  and if you give me any trouble I'll do this."  
Bonnie stepped on the rope and Joan let out a choked scream as she was
pulled up by the cable tie around her neck._

_Bonnie took her foot off the rope and cut the cable ties around Joan's
wrists.   "Strip,  Bitch!"  she barked._

_Joan took off her clothes as quickly as she could.   She was
afraid of Bonnie and she didn't want any more pain.   When she
was naked,  Bonnie had her cross her wrists behind her back and used
two cable ties to hold them in place.   Joan was also hobbled
with cable ties around and between her ankles,  and Bonnie took the
rope out of the loop and used it as a leash to lead her to the toilet._

_Bonnie led Joan back into the bedroom and removed her blindfold and
the rope leash.   "Now we're going to play a little game, 
Bitch.   On your knees!"_

_Joan knelt and Bonnie connected her wrists to her ankles in a loose
hogtie.   Bonnie had a wooden dowel,  about a foot long
and a half-inch thick.   She threw it across the room and said, 
"Fetch,  Bitch."_

_Joan shuffled across the room on her knees,  picked up the dowel
with her mouth,  and shuffled back to Bonnie.   Bonnie took
the dowel and scratched Joan's head.   She said,  "Good
Bitch!"   Then she threw the dowel again and said,  "Fetch!"_

_After fetching the dowel ten times Joan had had enough.  
At the next command to fetch she sat back on her heels and said, 
"I won't.   This game has gone too far."_

_Bonnie said,  "What makes you think this is a game?"  
She tied one end of the nylon rope around Joan's wrists and cut the cable
tie that held her wrists to her ankles.   She pulled on the rope
until Joan was standing and led her over to the closet door.  
She put the free end of the rope through the loop at the top of the door
and pulled until Joan's arms were almost straight up,  and then tied
the rope to the bedroom door hinge._

_Bonnie had a heavy leather strap that she had found in the bondage stash.  
She said,  "Disobedience and defiance.   That will cost
you thirty."   She held the dowel up to Joan's face.  
"Hold this in your mouth.   If you drop it we start the count
over again."_

_Joan gasped when the strap hit her bottom.   When she had
been hit thirty times she was crying and moaning.   She wanted
to scream,  but she didn't dare drop the dowel._

_Bonnie put the blindfold back on Joan.   She said,  "You
stand there for a while.   Remember,  if you drop the dowel
you'll get thirty more with the strap."_

_A few hours later Bonnie took the dowel out of Joan's mouth.  
She asked,  "Do you want me to let you down?"_

_"Oh,  yes!   Please let me down."_

_"Aw,  you forgot to say the magic word."_

_"Mistress!   Please Mistress,  let me down."_

_"Very good.   But too late.   I'll ask you again
in an hour."   Bonnie put the dowel back in Joan's mouth.  
Joan moaned and sobbed._

_The next time Bonnie took the dowel out of her mouth Joan said, 
"Please,  Mistress.   Let my arms down,  please."_

_"Much better!   Will you be an obedient little Bitch from
now on?"_

_"Yes,  Mistress.   I'll do anything you ask."_

_Bonnie untied the rope from the hinge and lowered Joan's arms.  
Joan went to her knees and then to the floor.   Bonnie let her
lie there until she stopped crying._

_Bonnie pulled Joan up onto her knees and said,  "Dinner time.  
Go to the kitchen.   On your knees."_

_Joan shuffled into the kitchen.   When Bonnie removed the
blindfold Joan saw two bowls on the floor.   One held cold canned
beans and the other was full of water.   Bonnie took the dowel
from Joan's mouth and said,   "Eat all of it.  Drink all
of the water,  too"_

_Joan had never before tried to eat without using her hands.  
She balanced on her knees and leaned forward until she could reach the
bowl with her mouth.   It was awkward,  but she was able
to do it.   Bonnie replaced the blindfold and the dowel and ordered
her to return to the bedroom._

_Bonnie tied a rope around Joan's waist with the knot in front, 
then pulled it through her crotch and tied it to the loop on the closet
door.   She said,  "I'm going to fasten you differently.  
If you struggle when I free your hands I'll pull the cable tie around your
neck tight and leave it until you pass out.   Understand?"_

_Joan nodded yes.   She knew she wouldn't have a chance if
she tried to fight.   Bonnie cut the cable ties on her wrists
and ankles and quickly placed them in metal cuffs.   Joan moaned
in despair when she realized that she was now bolted into Kristen's bilbo.  
She felt Bonnie pull the crotch rope tighter._

_Bonnie said,  "I forgot to tell you.   Clyde and Kristen
are in Albuquerque,  but they got there just after the storage locker
closed for the day.   That means we'll be together until it opens
tomorrow morning."_

_Joan started to cry again when she realized that her ordeal would last
until the next day.   As the hours went by Bonnie ignored her.  
Joan was glad in a way,  because she knew that she would beg and grovel
if she had the chance,  and she knew that Bonnie would enjoy having
her humiliate herself,  and then refuse to release her._

_Finally Bonnie came into the bedroom and took off Joan's blindfold.  
"It's bedtime.   Would you like to spend the night stretched
out on the floor?   Well,  there's a way you can make that
happen."   Bonnie removed her jeans and panties.  
"If you have a talented tongue and I have a really,  really good time
then I'll release you."_

_Joan had done this before,  and she used every skill she had to
give Bonnie an orgasm._

_Bonnie said,   "That was good,  but it wasn't really, 
really good.   So you're going to have to spend the night as
you are."   She replaced the blindfold and put the dowel back
in Joan's mouth.   "If you drop the dowel or wake me up during
the night the penalty is fifty strokes with the strap.   On your
breasts."_

_\* \* \*_

_Sunday morning..._

_Joan had managed to go to sleep in spite of the pain.   She
woke up when she heard Jane calling her name.   She spit out
the dowel and croaked,  "Help,  I'm in the bedroom."_

_Jane removed the blindfold and said,  "Joan!  What happened?  
How long have you been here?"_

_"Since yesterday morning,  when Kristen was kidnapped."_

_"What do you mean,  kidnapped?   I had lunch with Kristen
and Jim yesterday,  just before they left to go skiing in Utah.  
She told me that you were going to Phoenix for the day.   I was
worried when you didn't return last night."_

_Joan was confused.   "How did you know I was here?"_

_"Jim's friend Staci called me this morning and said you were here and
needed help.   She also gave me a message to give to you.  
She said,  'Thanks,  Joan.   I've always wanted to
see what it was like to be the top.' What does that mean?"_

_"It's a long story.   I'll tell you later."
This
story continues in
**[Kristen
& the Moot Court](kristen_moot_court1.html)**_

_Copyright© 2001, 2002 by Zack. All rights reserved.
I welcome your comments. Email me at zack\_writer@hotmail.com 
 updated:
