---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Special Night
authors:
- Jedi
tags:
- M/f
- mum
- cocoon
- cons
- X
date: 2003-03-26 00:00:00
---

With two young children, having enough time to "play" was hard to come
by.  That is what made this evening so special.  For some reason,
my parents offered to watch the children for the weekend, giving us some
time to be romantic without interruption.

Our "play" developed slowly over the first 8 years of our marriage. 
That was until this year when we hit a hot spot.  I always knew my
wife had a secret love for bondage.  After all, both of our children
were conceived while she was tied up and as hot as could be.  Overnight,
her secret came out and sent us on a passionate journey.  As things
progressed, the bondage became stricter.  As the bondage became stricter,
she enjoyed it more.  That is what led me to my idea for this special
night.

We experimented with a little mummification before.  A roll of
saran wrap does a nice job for a quick and fun experience.  But for
this night, I needed a lot more than one roll.  I was fortunate to
find that the local dollar store.  $20 later, I arrived home with
ten rolls of saran wrap and as many rolls of duct tape.  Of course
that was only part of what was needed.  After a few short shopping
trips, I had everything needed.

I prepared my lovely wife as well.  Telling her to expect the hottest
night of play.  For the week prior to our day, she continually tried
to find out my plans.  I simple told her that it would be the hottest
night of her life.

When I arrived home from work on that Friday night, my parents had already
picked up the kids.  We decided to go out to have a quite dinner,
another thing we seldom get with the children.  At my recommendation,
we choose to have a light dinner.  We arrived home early in the evening
and settled down to enjoy some television together.  As we did, I
subtly assured that my wife would be hydrated by continually filling her
glass of water.

As nighttime fell, we headed up to our room for the night of passion
we both looked forward to.  I slowly undressed the beautiful form
of my wife, kissing her body as I went.  Her soft moans and moist
panties showed that she was certainly in the mood.  We kissed and
cuddled passionately, until I was sure that she was extremely aroused. 
It was time to put my plan into action.

It started as our "play" sessions usually did, by my tying her spread
eagle to the bed.  Her body was free to be played with.  Of course
with such an open invitation as her moans were offering, I could not help
but play with her luscious body.  But that only lasted for a few seconds,
as I had a great deal of work to do.

My first task was to take care of her pesky chatter.  I retrieved
a ball gag from our box of toys and quickly secured it in her mouth. 
Next came the blindfold, removing her sight.  I wanted the end result
to be a beautiful surprise.

With those details taken care of, I started working on the true goal
of the evening.  Starting with her left leg, just above the ropes
securing her ankles, I began wrapping the saran wrap tightly up her leg. 
As I reached her waist, I stopped for a moment to retrieve some special
surprises.  I started by assuring her comfort with a little extra
lubricant.  Then came to toy, I had purchased for her.  A great
deal larger than any dildo or vibrator we had played with in the past,
this new toy was sure to fill and even stretch her lovely vagina. 
She squirmed a little as I pushed it aggressively home.  I looked
up to her face to assure that she was not overwhelmed.

"Are you OK?"

She shifted her hips a little in an attempt to squeeze her thighs together,
then nodded yes.

"Do you want to stop?"

Her head looked as though it were attempting to twist off.  The
answer was certainly no.

I continued about my work, next working lubricant into her tight anus. 
Anal sex was still a little new to her so I was gentler than with her other
hole.  I worked my finger in first, allowing her to adjust to the
intrusion.  As I pulled my finger out, I replaced it with a special
butt plug.  The last toy was a bullet vibrator that was laid on her
clit.

With the toys in place, I was ready to continue the wrapping process. 
I wrapped her waist three times before changing the path of the wrapping. 
A perfect forty-five degree angle at her navel and secured with a small
piece of duct tape pointed the saran wrap at her toys that now invaded
her body.  I reached down and turned on the huge vibrator I had sunk
into her body.  I then trapped the bullet against her clit and the
vibrator in her with the saran wrap.  I proceeded to wrap between
her cheeks, securing the plug in her rear.

The squirming that had started when I first penetrated her with the
toys intensified as she tried to find the rhythm of the vibrator. 
I made another sharp forty-five-degree angle and piece of tape allowed
the saran wrap to encircle her waist yet again.  After only one layer,
I turn the saran wrap again, this time stretching the wrap from the rear
to the front.  I pulled this layer as tight as possible, pushing the
toys even deeper inside of her.

Once at her navel, I turn the wrap one last time.  I circled her
waist yet again as I returned to the job of her mummification.  I
was already pleased at the effect of the toys on her.  The squirming
of her body showed how excited she was becoming.  I continued to wrap
down her right leg and reached her ankle.  My next goal was to work
on her upper body.

I began with a new roll of saran wrap at her left wrist and wrapped
tightly up to her shoulder.  Her feet and hands would be dealt with
later.  When I reached her shoulder, I wrapped a layer under her breast. 
Next I wrapped down her stomach to her navel where it connected to the
layers encircling her waist.  I stretched a layer of duct tape around
the seam between the layers.  As I wrapped back up to her chest, I
gave the saran wrap a slight twist, allowing it to cross between her breast
and over her right shoulder.  I continued by wrapping diagonally across
her back, across her chest, up and over her left shoulder, down between
her breasts again.  The next layer encircled the top of her chest,
trapping her breast in a harness of saran wrap.

I continued down her right arm as I completed the first layer of her
entrapment.  The next step would allow my wife a moment of freedom
as I unlashed her from her spread eagle position on the bed.

The next phase started with my untying my saran wrapped treasure's wrists. 
Like any good and horny woman, she immediately tried to pull me close to
her.  As I could not allow such distractions, I quickly went about
the business of freeing her ankles.  Her arms and legs quickly encircled
me, and I knew I needed to assert my control over her.

With great vigor, I grabbed her left nipple between my fingernails. 
Pinching and pulling hard on her erect nipples soon gave me the control
I needed to complete my project.  Her arms and legs flopped down against
the bed as she now squirmed in pain instead of passionate pleasure. 
Without letting my control hold go, I pulled her up and onto her feet. 
As her arms fell to her sides, I grabbed the roll of saran wrap dangling
from her right wrist and quickly wrapped it around her waist.  Next
I trapped her left wrist against her body and continued on to the right
side again.  After two more layers, I reached the end of the roll
of saran wrap.  I had planned well.

I decided to concentrate on her hands now.  I folded her left hand
into fists and began to wrap it with saran wrap.  This didn't go as
well as the other wrappings had.  I used only one layer and decided
to go on to the duct tape.  The tape was much more effective in securing
her fist shut.  I repeated the saran wrap and duct tape on her right
hand.  I stood back for a moment to assure that everything was looking
as I had planned.  What a beautiful sight my wife made, struggling
against the bonds that held her hands closed and against her body.

I whispered in her ear, "My love, your night of passionate torment has
only begun."

With that, I went to work on the layer that would transform her into
a single unified form.  I started with a layer around her elbows,
trapping her arms tighter against her body.  Each time I encircled
her body, the wrap became tighter.  I worked up her arms to her breast
and, after placing a cotton ball over each nipple, entrapped them in the
saran wrap cocoon that would soon encase her whole body.

I continued to wrap upward, over her shoulders and up her neck. 
I removed the ball gag from her mouth and allowed her a moment to stretch
out her jaw.  The freedom for her mouth was to be short lived. 
Instead of reinserting the ball gag, however, I placed a ring gag into
her mouth.  I placed my hand over her wide-open mouth and assured
that she could easily breath through just her nose.  Once satisfied
of this, I continued the wrapping process across her mouth and up to the
blindfold that covered her eyes.  "Keep your eyes closed," I whispered
into her ear as I lifted the blindfold from her eyes.  I quickly replaced
the blindfold with cotton balls and continued the saran wrap up head. 
I gathered all of her hair together into a pony tale at the top of her
head.  I wrapped several layers of saran wrap around her head, making
sure that with each layer her nose was left clear.

Once I was satisfied with the encasement of her head, I worked my way
back down her body.  I wrapped down past her hands tightly held into
fists and down to her legs.  Instead of wrapping around her legs,
I twisted the saran wrap and ran another layer between her legs. 
The heat was already building up, and her juices dripped out from the layers
that already held her toys in place.  After two more layers were in
place, I turned my attention to her ankles.

Laying her backwards onto the bed, I began to work on her legs. 
I placed a one-inch square of foam between her ankles to assure comfort,
and then began the wrapping process.  Moving up from her ankles, I
placed another piece of foam between her knees. I continued up until I
reached her thighs and the end of the roll.  I transitioned to the
roll I had abandoned only moments ago and, instead of passing it between
her legs, now began to tightly enclose her thighs and ever so excited erogenous
zone.  As I did, I made a quick check to assure that the huge vibrator
was still humming away.  The wrapping continued as I used up the remainder
of the roll, wrapping up and down her body in broad paths.  This was
always one of the toughest things for me, rolling my wife back and forth
as I wrapped her whole body.

As I completed this layer of mummification, I admired how sleek a form
my wife made.  After two children and eight years of marriage, she
was still as sexy as the day we met.

My moment of admiration gave way as I realized that I still had work
to do.  I proceeded to address her feet, the only part of her body
that still showed her human flesh.  First wrapping them separately
in, then together, her feet soon disappeared under the cocoon of saran
wrap.  I was now ready for the last layer.

I started at the tips of her toes, wrapping her in a shinny silver coating
of duct tape.  Row upon row, I worked my way up her body.  Reaching
her burning hot sex, I fished out the remote for the bullet I had placed
against her clit.  I also pulled the bulb that dangled from the plug
deep in her ass.  With both of these out, I continued to wrap her
body in the duct tape that would complete her mummified form.  After
the second roll of tape, I found myself at her breast.  With care
I wrapped over her breast, making note of where the cotton balls were. 
The tape continued up to cover my wife's head, completing her new silver
form.

With her completely immobilized, I was ready to start the true depth
of her sexual torment.  I flicked the small wheel on the remote that
dangled from her cocoon.  I faintly heard the sounds of the bullet
coming alive.  The silver form moved slightly as it tried to squirm
and writhe in the newfound sensation.  I knew she would have already
reached several orgasms by this time.  The added sensation must have
been intense indeed.  I moved up to her breast and made small cuts
over the cotton covering her nipples.  After pulling the cotton clear,
I tried to pull her nipples through the small holes.  This proved
to be difficult until I resorted to using my mouth.  I sucked at each
hole and was rewarded with her nipples popping though.  I spent some
time sucking and nibbling, enjoying the faint moans that escaped the mummified
form.

It was time, once again, to introduce another new sensation.  I
reached around the silver form and gave the bulb, which dangled like a
tail, a few little squeezes.  This would be a truly new experience
for her.  The intention is that the increased size would intensify
the pressure on the huge vibrator that stretched her pussy wide. 
It seemed to work.  The moaning became more intense and the silver
form that could barely move erupted into shaking.

I stepped back as my love rode through the intense orgasm that engulfed
her body.  It seemed as though it lasted for near five minutes, something
I am sure she will not soon forget.  I picked up the digital camera
to take pictures of the beautiful form, so that she will properly appreciate
just how wonderful she looked.

With that complete, it was now time for my needs to be addressed. 
I took one last piece of tape and wrapped it around her nose holes. 
She struggled for a breath immediately.  I quickly cut a hole over
the opening formed by the ring gag in her mouth.  She took a deep
breath.  We had played with breath control before, so she knew that
she was safe.  I opened the whole up to the inner diameter of the
gag and gave her a tongue kiss.  I could tell she was tired as her
tongue was moving with less vigor than before.  I checked to assure
that my captive was ok.

"Are you ok?  One grunt for no, two grunts for yes."

Two grunts put my mind at ease.

"Getting a little tired?"

Another two grunts.

"Do you want to be released?"

She paused for a moment before answering this one.  Then she let
out two grunts.

"Do you want to use your safe word?"

Only one grunt escaped her mouth this time.

"Then your night is not over my dear. Take a deep breath!"

As her breath filled her longs, I filled her mouth with my raging erection.

"I hope you can get me to come before you need to breath again," was
all I needed to say to encourage her tongue to get to work.  Fortunately
for her, I was already extremely excited and easily brought to orgasm. 
She swallowed as best as she could, now frantic to get this over with and
take another breath.  I withdrew and she took exhaled the air trapped
in her longs and sucked in the breath she so desired.  Her body shook
and she began to moan as another orgasm overtook her.

I removed the tape covering her nose and lay down next to the silver
form.  She had now been mummified for over 3 hours and we were both
tired from all of the work.  I turned off the bullet assaulting her
clit, released some of the air from the plug that filled her ass, turned
off the light and kissed my silver toy goodnight.  She only whimpered
as I rolled over to fall asleep.
