---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiessz/tape_zipties_hopelessness.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Tape, Zipties and Hopelessness
authors:
- Michael B. H.
tags:
- Sbf
- fpov
- tape
- zipties
- toys
- gag
- sendep
- mum
- straps
- naked
- hogtie
- cons
- X
date: 2026-04-05 00:00:00
---

Finally, it was Saturday. I haven't done a self-bondage session in months! But today was the day, I wouldn't be called to work overtime and I didn't have to attend some hangout or other.

An entire day, all to myself!

For some context, I rent a small apartment, which unfortunately sucks up a majority of my paycheck. I do not have the dough to indulge in much bondage equipment, but I did save up enough (money and courage) to buy a bog-standard red ball-gag, a thin collar and a venus butterfly a while back.

Another thing you should know is that I love the feeling of helplessness from my predicaments and the texture of restraints on my skin. Most of my other equipment consists of tape, belts and zip ties, which I've mostly bought for dirt-cheap from Chinese websites, you know the ones.

The luke-warm Autumn afternoon was the start of my adventure. My apartment was small, but it nonetheless did have a tiny balcony. There, under a heavy flower pot I put an inconspicuous key.

Then I went to my bedroom, in front of the small wardrobe which houses all my clothes.

I took off everything I was wearing and put it in the wardrobe. It had handles in the protruding arch variety, which I locked with a long padlock, whose key lay on the balcony. Until the sun set, retrieving the key and covering myself was out of the question.

I quickly rushed to the bathroom. The apartment door was locked and the windows were shut, but I didn't pull any curtains. Not only was I naked until dawn, but there was no room where I couldn't be seen! Well, except in the windowless bathroom.

It is a small room, without much free floor space. And most of that floor space was already covered in all of my restraints. But it did also have a square wall cabinet, large and high enough where I could reach its top only by stepping on my tippy-toes. That is where I put the key with which I locked myself in, next to the large pair of scissors with which I would escape.

The light switch to the bathroom was on the outside of the room itself so there was no way to turn on the lights. But, there was still a little bit of illumination, enough illumination, coming from the few electronic do-dads which lived here.

I took a moment to appreciate the situation. I was in my almost pitch-black bathroom, locked, with a key barely within reach. I was stark naked, all window curtains were wide open, my apartment locked, my clothes locked away. Escape was still within reach, but someone could, no, will see my body!

This thought alone started making me wet, but I snapped out of it before ruining my fun prematurely. First, I strapped the butterfly tight, but didn't turn it on.

Then, sitting on the floor, I took a roll of duct tape. Bringing my legs together, I wound the tape a couple times around my feet. With the help of a small set of scissors, I cut the tape off and then wrapped strips around my ankles, above and below my knees and on my thighs. But my leg restraints weren't done, I then took the long zip ties and wrapped a couple of them tightly around each strip of tape: on my feet, on my ankles, around my knees and on my thighs. Naturally, some of those required chaining multiple zip-ties together. Finally, I took the smaller set of zip ties and wrapped them perpendicular, in between my feet, over the long zip ties and tape.

Of course, this was done to all strips.

You would think my legs would be completely stuck together, but I intentionally bound them a little loose. I also put the zip ties in such a way that the protruding tail-ends would be pointed downwards You'll see why later.

Next came my breasts. I do not like pain and my nipples are sensitive, so clamps are out of the question. However, there is still something fun I can do with them. This part took a lot of time, but I wrapped tape around my breasts, tightly, while making holes where my nipples were. This left my boobs nice and squished by multiple layers of tape, but my nipples were completely exposed and pointing forwards. The temptation was getting to me, having my legs bound for so long, I was soaking wet. But I had to move forward with my plan.

Next came the face. I put on my ball gag. It fit my mouth well, it wasn't too large so as to get uncomfortable, but it also wasn't so small I could move it in my mouth. Buckling it tight behind my head, I proceeded onto putting in ear plugs. Those were nothing special, the standard foam ones which you squish, put in and then expand in your ear.

Now comes the fun part. Taking another roll of tape, I started winding it from my neck upward in a spiral fashion. I made sure to cover each patch of skin and hair at least twice. Well, of course I didn't cover my nose, but I did cover my eyes. There I went more slowly, I wanted the tape to also cover my eyelids, but not too hard.

Then, I did a spiral downwards, though this one added the minimal amount of tape onto my already bound face. The end of the strip was placed on my neck, near to the strip's start. This part is important, now I placed a single thick and long zip tie on top of the tape and my collar on top of the zip tie. In the past, I have been able to prematurely unravel my taped up head, but with this method, the zip tie acts as a brace. The collar provides an anchor point in the form of a D-ring and doesn't allow the zip tie to move too much on my neck. Do note for now, that I put my collar such that the D-ring is facing backwards and buckle frontwards.

I couldn't see anything because of the tape and turned off lights, I couldn't hear anything because of the ear plugs and tape on top and I couldn't say anything because of the ball gag and covering layers of tape on top. The feeling was great, I had done a good job. But it didn't feel too hot, I'm both accustomed to tape on my head and today was a colder day. Also, I have enough experience with the ball gag, that I don't anymore drool with it in my mouth.

From here on, everything would need to be done by feel, but I was used to that. The small scissors which helped me until now have completed their job. I took some small zip ties and used them to tie up the finger holes together. Then I placed them on the back of my torso, took a roll of tape and started winding tightly around, gluing the scissors in place.

This roll was special, it had a specific amount of tape left so I wouldn't need to cut it. Also, the scissors had round ends, there was no way for them to hurt me in this state. But I would feel the cold metal and edges of the zip ties on my skin, constantly reminding me how my final easy escape was so close, but ultimately so far.

Now we get to the final act. First, I laid on my stomach. As I'm in a bathroom, the tiles are generally cold. With all of this tape I wont really feel it, except of course on my deliberately exposed nipples.

Next, I brought my legs up and as close to my butt as possible. This is why earlier I left some slack, in this configuration my bonds will be tighter on my legs than when they were straight.

Now they feel perfect, tight but not painful or cutting circulation. This is also why I oriented the zip ties in a particular manner, now the loose ends will be lightly poking my legs, which adds to the overall feel.

This is the moment when I bend down and turn on my butterfly on a randomized mode. I must act quickly, before the pleasure really hits me.

I took a long and thin belt I had next to me. One end I looped around the perpendicular ties on my ankles and feet. The other end I looped around the backwards-facing D-ring on my collar and I started tightening the belt, forcing me into something of a hogtie. I know exactly how much to tighten it, as to not choke me but for my legs to firmly hold my neck.

I then took another belt, wrapped it right below my breasts then behind me, above my hands and above the hogtie-belt. With some finagling, I tightened it as much as I could. Using a ratchet strap would be easier, but I fear I can easily tighten it too much. Also, nowadays I have enough experience with this method, that the resultant binding is satisfyingly tight. The hogtie belt is below this one to add some friction, so my legs can't pull on my neck as easily.

Finally, my wrists. Safety is important and I don't want to have a backup, so I don't use lockable cuffs or timers. Instead, I use a short canvas belt, in the form of a figure eight, through which I put my wrists and tighten. The open buckle is faced downwards, towards my back/bum, so when it's tight enough, I just push my wrists downwards and that force closes the buckle. The thick canvas won't ever cut off circulation, the belt will never tighten more and I could unbuckle it with my fingers, though that takes a LOT more effort than locking it in.

My predicament was finished.

This is when I started reminding myself of what situation I had put myself in. I was hogtied, legs tightly bound together with multiple layers of tape and zip ties, arms tightly bound together with belts. I could see nothing, hear nothing, say nothing, ball gag filling up my mouth. Laying on the floor, the few uncovered patches of skin, including my oh-so-sensitive nipples, being bitten by the relentless cold tiles.

I was locked in a dark room, alone, naked. I had a pair of scissors really close, stuck to the back of my torso, but out of reach, constantly being antagonized by their cold steel. My clothes were locked, my windows uncovered, even if I got free right now, I would be seen, maybe someone will take a photo, maybe someone will even call the cops for public indecency. No, that can't happen, mustn't happen. I was here, stuck, I couldn't do anything, even if I wanted, except wait and experience the constant waves of pleasure.

As you might imagine, I had an orgasm seconds later. And then another. And another. And yet another one, in such a short span of time. I cannot tell you how much time passed between each thunder on my body, but it didn't feel very long.

And I was still stuck in this predicament! I was still inescapably bound and locked up. I was still teased, nipples bit by cold, tightness all over, not allowing me to move an inch and this damn vibrator, constantly showering me with pleasure even when I felt the desire to get out, to stop this madness.

This is when I felt the most pleasure. I had convinced myself there is no escape, there is no getting out, even if I wanted to and I started to want to. The pure hopelessness filled me, multiplying every orgasm. And I was hit with a mind-shattering stream of pleasure.

And again.

And again.

And again.

Until, unfortunately, the buzzing butterfly slowly subsided and then stopped. I could finally rest, my head could finally clear up and I could finally start plotting my escape. But I was left extremely tired, I knew what I had to do but I didn't have the strength to do it. So I just laid there, waiting to build up energy. This was the only time when I couldn't physically get out, which in itself excited me a little.

After a while, I started working on my wrists. It was difficult and tedious to bend my fingers in just the right way as to allow me the smallest amount of leverage on the buckle, and to then gather enough force to open it. This was frustrating but also exciting. Because with every little failure, I felt a little bit more hopeless. I knew I would get out, I've been here many times, so I had no fear, but this hopelessness slowly cultivated yet another, seemingly final, orgasm.

When it hit, at the peak of my frustration, its force gave me just enough strength to unbuckle my wrists. I removed the belt over my arms, freeing them completely and finally, I removed the hogtie belt, allowing my legs to relax. Now, with all of these zip ties and tape on my legs and the zip tie on my neck, holding both tape ends together, I could not progress further. I had to get up, get on my tippy toes and grab the scissors on top of the wall cabinet.

I was tired, but most of all, my legs were tired. I had to lay on the floor for another seemingly long while. Then, slowly, I mustered up the energy to prop myself up, lifting my upper body with my hands, with the help of the sink right below the cabinet. I could kind of stand up, but due to the zip ties, standing flat on my feet was very uncomfortable, so I had to stand on my toes, further straining my muscles. You may be surprised to learn, as I was, that this final bout of helplessness was making me horny.

After enough waiting around, I was able to slightly launch myself up and I did touch the scissors. But I couldn't grab them, in effect I slung them from the cabinet. They landed... somewhere. This is where I started to get really annoyed. I knelt down and started searching on the floor for the scissors. It took a while, and somehow, this hopeless search also led me to another, final, final orgasm.

But in the end, I found them, behind the toilet, in the most awkward cranny of the entire bathroom. Freedom at last. I started with the legs, those were easy to cut and at this point, I was sweaty, so the tape practically fell off. Same with the tape holding those scissors to my torso and the breast tape. Finally came my head. I removed the collar, carefully cut the zip tie and carefully started unwinding the tape. At last, I removed my ear plugs and ball gag.

I was free.

All that was left was to get the key, unlock the bathroom and step out into civilization. As expected, the rest of the apartment greeted me with the darkness of the night. Quickly I went to the balcony, without turning a light, grabbed my key and went back inside. This in itself would normally be quite thrilling, but at this point, I had no energy left to get excited again.

I went to my bedroom, unlocked the wardrobe and put on my clothes. It was all over. This is when I realized I was very hungry and even more thirsty. And that this session had lasted for 5 hours...

But I was happy!
