---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/transformation/storiesek/hedonia2.html
subcategory: Buried & Sinking
title: Hedonia 2
authors:
- Nebuloso
tags:
- F/m
- F/f
- resort
- transform
- latex
- bodymods
- enslave
- mc
- succubus
- drider
- captive
- insert
- toys
- nipple
- oral
- sex
- climax
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2012-07-01 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Hedonia**](hedonia.html))

Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction, where we can live and waste any number
of lives.

**Part 2**

**13. The forbidden side**

Brian was excited. Finally he passed through the doors that, just 20
minutes ago, he promised his girlfriend not to pass. He had to, because
actually, she didn't allow it. She was being massaged for hours, and he
was supposed to enjoy looking at shops and the holographic decorations.
Sure they were impressive, but it was simply mean of her to forbid going to
the erotic fair. He was a grown up after all, and also she had to learn to
trust him.

The erotic fair on the other side was more to his liking than clothes and
shoe shops and quite what he expected. People running around in cosplay
and SM costumes, the smell of latex and sound of clacking heels filling the
air.

Just when he started down the left hallway, he realized that a woman
sitting at a café was watching him intently. She was very beautiful, slim
statue and big breasts. Her black hair framed her face which was made up
with fiery red lipstick and dark eye shadow. Her breasts were held high by
a black corset and her hands were encased in shoulder length latex gloves.

With a start he realized that he was staring at her body and she was
looking at him, but she only smiled and motioned him to join her. It would
have been very rude to decline now, but he felt like walking into a trap,
when he approached her and took a seat. Not wanting to show his painfully
erect member, he placed the little round table between them.
"Silvia would be really mad now." he thought, but then again, he is rather
mad at her for being so selfish.

"Hi, I'm Jenni. Are you here the first time, too?" the goddess said in a
voice that made him melt.
"Em, yeah, I was just, came through, looking, ah, Brian. My name I mean."
Jenni giggled. She obviously liked him. "Yes, I'm here for the first time.
Unfortunately I have only an hour, and there is so much to see!"

"Hey, why don't we explore this place together?" Jenni beamed. She
crossed her legs and by pure accident her boot now touched his thigh. Only
now did he realize that she was wearing very high boots with very high
heels - just the way he liked it. Silvia always made it quite clear to
him, that he will never see her in a pair of those.

He started stuttering again. "Y-you with m-me? That would be, eh, great, if
you really want..."

"You are so cute." Jenni beamed. "This will be so much fun!"

Rising and taking his hand, she pulled him to his feet. His confidence
shrank even more, when he realized that she was a few centimeter taller
than him, ever so slightly looking down at him.

She even had a riding crop in her hand, with which she playfully moved his
hair a bit.
"You have a funny hairstyle. Maybe we can do something about that, later."
Brian became red. Somehow Jenni's opinion meant a lot to him, but ...
"I don't like it myself. If you know a good place..."
Jenni smiled down at him and stroked his face. Agreeing with her felt so
good.
"I don't know one yet, but we will find one. Let's go."

Jenni pulled forward so strongly, that Brian had difficulties following
her. He always trailed a step behind her, trying not to loose her hand.

Together they left the shopping area and entered an amusement park. There
were all kind of typical fairground attractions - shooting, throwing balls,
ghost rides - all with a strong erotic theme.

Instead of shooting at moving ducks, naked woman popped up in a forest
scenario and the handle of the rifle had phallus shape. The prizes were
vibrating dildos, dildo cushions or packaged pieces of fetish attire.

"Hey can you shoot?", Jenni asked.

"It's been a while since I last tried, but..."

"Come on, let's try. I want to win this cat mask over there. Imagine me
wearing it - Roarrr!"
She playfully clawed into his direction and showed her teeth.

Brian paid for a round of clips, but only hit one target. Jenni couldn't
contain herself laughing, when he won a studded condom.
"Here, let me try", she demanded.

Of course he paid for another round, but Jenni seemed to have problems
finding a comfortable shooting position.
"Too sad, that there are no chairs around. I would rather shoot from a
lower angle" she muttered to herself.
She tried to knee, but immediately rejected that as "too low".

Finally she looked at Brian with large, pleading eyes. "Could you do me
a really big favor, Brian?"

"Of course. How can I help?" he asked, puzzled.

"If I could sit on your back, then I would have just the right angle!"

Brian was stunned. Jenni was very demanding. But somehow it made him feel
so good to do what she wanted. Completely unlike Silvia. When he made
her a present to cheer her out of a bad mood, she appreciates nothing.
Smiling he went down on all fours and presented his back to her. Swiftly
she turned him to face the stand and seated herself on his shoulders.

Latex caressed his cheeks. Her booted feet with their long heel next to his
fingers, and on the nape of his neck, he felt slippery warmth. Her firm
latex encased buttock spread on his shoulders. The smell of her boots
penetrated his senses. He wanted to touch her boots, but couldn't move his
hand. All he could do was snuggle his face against them and that felt
completely natural. Brian drifted away. Somehow his tongue slipped out of
his mouth and started licking her shiny leg.

Brian was violently shaken out of his dream world, when Jenni stood up
again. He felt a loss. Is the shooting over already? Should he buy her
another round?
Jenni got three hits and was delighted. She cried out in joy when she won a
collar and a leash. Looking up at him, she had a devilish grin on her face.
"Three hits against one - you loose!" Jenni said, approaching
him with the collar.
Brian could only nod. Did he just lick her boots? Did she notice it?

His mind grew more and more hazy. From now on Jenni pulled him around on
his leash and sat down on him whenever she did anything. He always paid,
but never tried any actual game. All he was looking forward to was to have
her tushy on his shoulders and her booted legs around his head again. When
he felt the nape of his neck, he found it wet from her juices. He simply
could not resist licking his fingers clean.

When she finally sat down on a bench, she motioned for him to sit by her
feet. "You like licking my boots, don't you?", she asked.
Brian only nodded. He wanted to hear more of her voice and felt stupid
whenever he opened his own mouth.
A boot appeared before his face. It was the one with the crop attached to it.
Hidden under her, facing the stall wall he had a bit of privacy, but now
she made it public. He was sitting like a dog next to her, licking her feet
for all to see. And it felt so right to do it.

Her hands played with his hair. "We really have to do something about this
now!", she decided. "I don't like the feeling against by rubber clit.
We should shave it all off. That way you can wear any wig you like."

Something inside him tried to rebel. "Cutting it off completely?" he
thought. "What will people say? My boss, my colleagues, and Sil... Sil...?"

Sensing his dilemma, Jenni adds: "But if you don't want to, that's OK.
You said that you wanted to leave after an hour and I have to go someplace
else, too." She started to get up dropping his leash to the ground.
"Goodbye, then."

This thread came as a shock for Brian. Jenni going away? He imagined the
loss and it pierced his heart. So he grabbed her boot and tried to keep
her. Immediately he felt the crop hit his fingers and let go again,
doubling over in pain. Jenni stood proud in front of his crumbled form.
"This is how you treat me?" she shouted at him. "Who do you think you are?"

Brian whimpered. "Please, please, I'm sorry", he croaked. "Punish me, but
please don't go away! I want to be near you."

"I didn't think that you were so egoistic!" she spat. "For you it's always
what \*you\* want, isn't it? Did you even think of asking what I want? You
do not deserve to be close to me!"
Internally Jenni cheered. She had him just where she wanted him to be.

"Yes, you are right, Jenni. I am worthless, do with me as you like!"
He felt the crop hit his head.

"First of all you may not call me Jenni anymore! It's Mistress Jennifer for
you. I want you to \*think\* of me as Mistress Jennifer. Did I make myself
clear?"

Brian nodded. The crop hit his head again. "Yes, Mistress Jennifer" he cried.

"Second, this hair will go away. I looks stupid. Any word of protest?"

"No, Mistress Jennifer."
Jennifer relaxed a bit and so did Brian.
"My hair is yours!"

"That is more like it, Slave. Finally we need a new name for you. If you
want to be addressed as a human being again, you have to deserve that right!
For now I will call you Rosepetal. This is you name!"

"My name is Rosepetal." - Rosepetal repeated, feeling utterly humiliated.

"Let's go to a hair salon then, Rosepetal." Jennifer's voice was calm again.
"Give me that leash!"

Rosepetal felt relieved. He had done good to win back her favors - at least
some. Not having enough time to stand up, he started crawling on all fours
behind Mistress Jennifer who was pulling on the leash.
All he could see were her boots clicking on the floor in front of him.
He started dreaming. Maybe she'll let him lick them again?

**14. A challenger appears**

The last few hours had been heaven for Rosepetal. Brian has been rude to
Mistress Jennifer and was otherwise worthless. No wonder after he had been
in an abusive relationship with an egoistic woman.
But Rosepetal was happy with Mistress Jennifer. They had all body hair
permanently removed from his body and shredded his old ugly clothes. Now
he had a dark red pageboy wig and a dark red leotard - the color of roses.
The make-up made his face look androgynous and his feet were in stretchers
and attached to his bottom. This made it easier for him to crawl on hands
and knees.

Currently his voice box was surgically altered. His new voice will be
adjustable from a deep basso up to a high soprano voice or, if Mistress
chooses, make him completely mute. She even asked Rosepetal personally, if
he wanted to give her this as a present. Of course he agreed.

But just when the machine folded back it's long arm and released his throat,
a cart arrived in front of the shop and a furious woman stormed in.

"Bri - an" she shouted but stopped when she saw him kneeling on the floor.
"Is that you, Brian? What perverted..."

Suddenly a woman dressed as a black mistress stepped between them.
"Who are you, that you dare shouting at my slave?" she demanded.

Their eyes locked.
"Did you do this" she pointed at Rosepetal, "to my boyfriend? What did
you do? Drug him? You will release him now!"

"You want to have his leash? Get your own slave then!", the woman said
smiling evilly. "And I'll have you know that my slave voluntarily choose
these first few changes in his appearance."

"He did this himself? Brian, is that true?"

"Maybe he was fed up with his girlfriend, who must be a real fiend. Well,
at least that's the impression that I got when he talked about her."

"You said what, Brian? Brian, is that true?"

Rosepetal just sat there, wondering what to do. He couldn't speak yet,
which was actually a relief. This angry woman was somewhat familiar, but
now she terrified him. Why was she screaming so much? We did she ask him
instead of Mistress?

"Brian, why are you not answering? Did you choose to shave off all hair?
And dress in these silly clothes? Is that make-up?" her voice became
louder with each question.

"It seems that you are confusing us with somebody. There is no Brian here.
If the need for a man drives you insane, you should consider not dressing
in ugly Jeans and drab pullovers. Get help!"
While saying this, Jennifer pulled Rosepetal out of the salon, leaving
Silvia gaping.
She was shocked to see how willingly her boyfriend crawled behind that
perverted woman. He even made a wide circle around her when they passed.
"Come on Rosepetal! I have a list, and want to see how many of these
things we can do today," she said laughing.

"Rosepetal? You can't be serious!" Silvia was stunned.

Too late, she stormed behind them out of the salon, shouting incoherently
"I will...! You better...! This is not the end!"
But Jennifer and Rosepetal had already vanished into the crowd.

Defeated Silvia slumped down on the floor. Did this really just happen?
He wouldn't even speak to her anymore.

She become aware of a voice that repeated advertisement slogans of the shop
in front of her.
"Revenge is sweet!"
and
"You are too smart to let other people treat you like this!"
or
"With this power you can have whatever you want!"

Looking up, she saw "Succubus garden" and some impressive costumes in the
windows. The mask of the demon seemed to look right back at her, saying
these phrases directly into her brain.
"Become free, become powerful, become what you always wanted to be!"

"This little bitch does not know with whom she is dealing!" she said to
herself, standing up.
She entered the shop confidently and asked simply: "How much for your full
program?"

**15. An evening together**

Rosepetal was happy because Mistress Jennifer was happy ever since they
left that strange woman.

First they went to some kind of inn where some soldier investigated his new
voice box, asked him some questions about Mistress and held a probe against
his head. All the while Mistress Jennifer was in a back room. She was
massaging her arm when she emerged from it later.

They were talking about money, but Rosepetal had learned to stop watching
and listening, when he was not needed. Finally she took him back to her
room to change clothes, because her tits and ass have grown beyond the
capacity of her current costume. Also, she said, the heels were too short.

When she peeled herself out of the latex, he was even allowed to kneel in
a corner and glimpse a bit of her perfection.
The room was quickly filled with the smell of her sweat mingled with latex.

Standing in front of a mirror, she felt her ass and groped her tits.
Rosepetal did not know that they have grown from size B to E in only two
days.

When she was again dressed, this time in a very thin cat-suit with knee high
5 inch boots, she commanded him to her bed. For a full hour, he was
allowed to knead and lick her perfect ass and grope and suck her tits. All
the while, a large dildo was vibrating in her ass and she was furiously
rubbing her clit. Her "other" clit actually, as her ass had stopped
becoming dirty and started lubricating and sending incredible feelings into
her brain. She pushed first 2, then 3, 4 fingers and finally her whole
hand into her cunt, orgasming many times.

He knew that she was perfectly happy, when she even allowed him to cum into
his own hands. She taught him, how great semen tastes, and let him - after
she dipped her finger into it and licked it clean, moaning slightly - drink
it all. He would have never had the idea himself to do this, but if it's
so delicious to Mistress Jennifer, then it must be delicious indeed.
Rosepetal was proud that he might be useful there, maybe have some worth.

Next she experimented with his voice box. He had to repeat "I love Mistress
Jennifer" over and over again, while she tuned to different voice levels.
She would have liked to install the deluxe version with which she could
have switched him to animal noises as well. Unfortunately that required
a bigger surgery that replaced his whole voice box, instead of the simple
tuner spiral that he got now and his credit card maxed out when she tried
to order it.

Finally she decided for a medium high female voice. She commanded him to
sing while cleaning and drying her clothes.
Meanwhile she was roaming the wardrobes for some evening clothes. She
chose an open faced head mask, that forced her black hair into a ponytail.
Lips and eyes were made up with a dark bluish tint. Her top consistent of
a thin skin colored latex shirt with black and blue ornate spirals around
her tits, terminating in tassels hanging from her nipples. Her nipples had
become three cm long bullets, which she fixed in an erect state with small
rubber rings.

By now her tits had grown so much, that they could not stand up forward
without support anymore, so she took an under bust corset that pushed them
up. Together with the constricting spirals, they looked like rockets
attached to her front.

The latex gloves sported long, red, artificial fingernails/claws. Above
her knee high boots she wore a hobble skirt so that her cunt and ass were
for once not immediately visible or accessible.

When they were done, she put the collar back around Rosepetal's neck and
led him to a restaurant. She had become so thin, that she needed the corset
only for tit support and the looks, but it was hardly constricting her.

Rosepetal didn't see the menu or see any of the food that Mistress Jennifer
ordered. He was happily, albeit a bit hungry, sitting under the table,
watching his mistresses free, wet cunt whenever she opened her legs, or
licked her boots when she crossed them. Occasionally she would smear some
salty tasting liquid onto her boots for him to lick off.

**16. Obtaining money**

Waking up the following morning, Jennifer took a quick inventory.
Rosepetal had failed licking her all night and had fallen asleep.
Nevertheless, her cunt lips were obscenely swollen. Her huge fuck bags -
however firm they were - hung down by sheer size. Grabbing them still felt
good, but by far not as mind-blowingly fantastic anymore as on the first
day. Her ass was well padded and had become as erogenous as her clit. Her
cock sucker lips were of all things least swollen, but then again, she did
not intend to focus on big cocks alone.

From the innkeeper she had gotten some hints on how to get by some money.
She will have to leave this room today and probably leave all her clothes. For
Rosepetal she had big plans which all cost a lot of money. His credit card
is overdrawn and of her 20 starting credits only 10 were left. Not enough
to buy even decent boots.

The most frequent option was to gather Probenol in the caves under the mall.
But that was hard work and even with protective suits some miners start to
become freaks. The effect of this psychoactive drug will make frequent
miners think that they are worms or moles. Digging into the earth becomes
an obsession for them.

Another easy way to earn some cash would be to act in porn flicks. The
problem here was that the supply of porn actors willing to do \*anything\*
was far higher than the demand.

The option of serving a rich master was out of question for Jennifer.

Providing some service in one of the shops would be an option, but Jennifer
didn't know how to cut hair or maintain any of those machines.

Rather promising was the idea of hooking up with a sheik. Hedonia's latex
factories had a high demand for oil and with rising prices all over the
world the business was very lucrative.

Finally she could act as a trainer. There were plenty of small companies
that equip their top trainers with any amount of money to transform slaves
into the dreams of their buyers. The trainers also acted as police inside
Hedonia, as they quickly and effectively filter out any undesirable person.

Today she planned to contact Good4U, a new startup that had become well
known for making prospective slaves pursue their own enslavement. The
products loved every minute of their new life, however freakish or
perverted it might have been to them before.

She kicked Rosepetal out of his sleep and ordered him to wash himself and
his clothes. When she will have the required funds she will have his
sweat glands produce a sweet rose aroma.

For her own clothes she decided to dress for the job she wanted to have: a
latex police uniform. She had to open it up quite deeply as her tits
would otherwise not fit.

On the corridor she felt like a real dog owner. Rosepetal, having gotten
far more sexual stimuli than sexual relief, was sniffing and humping many
decorations, when he suddenly started squeaking in panic. Two pipes had
attached themselves to his nipples, cutting holes into his leotard and
injecting something into his aureoles.
Jennifer hit them away with her crop, making Rosepetal cry out again, when
the vacuum suckers were pulled away. Both his nipples were swollen and had
become red in color. But since no lasting wounds were visible and the pain
slowly subsided, Mistress Jennifer decided to continue.

As a comfort, she let the three guardians at the end of the corridor care
for Rosepetal. It didn't take long for him to forget all pain.

The job interview at Good4U went well. Apparently they had expected her to
apply for a job. With Rosepetal as living proof of her natural talent (and
it seemed that they had watched her over the past two days) they hired her
on the spot into a trainee position. The orientation program started
immediately, so Rosepetal was allowed to sleep in a basket in the corner of
the main office, while Jennifer was led into an office in the back.

**17. What Hedonia is built upon**

Jennifer was surprised and delighted to recognize her friend Sarah as her
Tutor. They hugged and shared a deep kiss.

Taking a step back, Jennifer said surprised: "Sarah, we are both wearing
10 cm heels and you used to be smaller than me, but now you tower over me!"

"Yes, I had my legs and lower back elongated yesterday. It was quite
expensive and my muscles hurt a lot, but it was totally worth it. I guess
I've become somewhat of a Giantess fetishist." Sarah giggled.

"Oh, I love it," Jennifer said, stroking her friend's long legs.
This made them fall into an embrace and kiss again.

"Mmmh, I like that," Sarah finally said, sitting down and pointing to a
seat for Jennifer. "But I guess I have some explaining to do."

"Explaining? What do you mean?" Jennifer asked. "Oh, do you mean, why you
expected me to come here today?"

"Yes, in a way. Let me first explain something about Hedonia."

(Note from the author: The rest of this chapter explains background details
and is thus hardly erotic. You'll not miss any fun, if you skip it.)

"You have probably heard about Probenol."
Jennifer nodded.
"Probenol is a defense substance produced by some fungi that grow in the
caves under the mall. The biggest effect of this drug on the human brain
is to let it accept the current circumstances as normal and disable doubt.
The founders built Hedonia on top of these caves and created this society.
The drug does not decrease intelligence so with deteriorating inhibitions
we were still able to decide against, say, gluttony. Sex on the other hand
is not unhealthy but fun and with some simple rules it works well as reward
or lifestyle for everybody. Hedonia grew and with the dedication of people
who are perfectly happy in their job, we increased, invented and developed
many new things.
But the mental state can easily be abused as you can imagine. Anybody can
be made a foot slave and accept that happily. But not everybody is good at
being a foot slave. So while some factions' agenda is to provide slaves
that are seemingly happy at performing some task, Good4U specializes in
finding out what somebody is good at, and make him happy doing it. As
humans it's mostly ourselves that hinder us in achieving the best.
Take yourself. Rosepetal proves your natural talent at domination and
education, yet only through Probenol have you reached satisfaction in it.
Not only that, you instinctively found out which role he will be most
happy in. Our investigations into Brian's past confirm that."
She looked straight at Jennifer. "Your current situation is the product of
our careful planning."

"Yes, I see. The drug helped me overcome the taboos and inhibitions
learned from society, but the choice to become a mistress was my own. But
what happens to people that were pushed into a role with Probenol alone?"

"They become addicted to it. Once moved outside of Hedonia and without
traces of Probenol in food and air they become more and more dissatisfied.
Slaves start to become sad, lazy or even rebel.
That's why Good4U's got such a good reputation so quickly: A slave bought
from us will be happy without Probenol, while other trainer companies have
to deal with dissatisfied customers quite a lot."

"Did you arrange for me to choose Good4U? I could have applied anywhere."

"I know you, Jennifer. When you decide on a new venture, you will compare
the options and choose the best. Hedonia is not fool-proof. That's why
so many poor souls choose to earn money by harvesting Probenol. You didn't
consider it a choice because you informed yourself about the side effects."

"Thank you, Sarah. How do we continue now?"

"We have a full training program for today. You must learn about the
technical advances and their lesser known side effects. You will learn
about our psychological prediction methods. Since you are a natural at
knowing other people's feelings and weaknesses," Sarah smiled, "I bet that
you can start your first own project tomorrow afternoon."

"Can I keep Rosepetal?"

"Of course! When you will see the change in his brain pattern since he met
you, you will understand that you are - in fact - the best thing that
happened to him in his life. Also, most of us trainers have one or two
pets of their own. We all kinda bring our work home.
Talking about which, of course you will move into our staff quarters. Your
room is needed for other guests."

"Well then, I can't wait to start!"

"OK, I'll keep the first lectures. At lunch you will meet the other
trainers and Rachel will continue with you."

**18. Stolen**

Jennifer's mind was buzzing, when she strolled along the shops with
Rosepetal that evening. There were drugs for everything. Drugs for faster
learning. Drugs for faster healing. Drugs for neuronal attachment and
coordination training. Basically it's possible to replace a limb with a
robotic one and learn to control it within two days of practicing. The
possibilities were endless and trying them out had just about started in
Hedonia.

Suddenly she ducked, when a huge, red shape glided down to her and landed
in front of her with a bone chilling scream. And there, in front of her,
was a winged demoness folding her wings and slowly turning to face her.
She seemed to be naked, but her skin was fiery red latex, just like her
wings. Nipples and vagina were pierced multiple times and were quietly
ringing with each movement.
But worse than that were her feet. Instead of human feet, the demon was
standing on bird-like claws, complete with an opposable claw to the back.

Her head sprouted small bumps which will clearly grow into horns one day.
Between completely red eyes with lizard-like pupils and a fang-revealing
smile Jennifer recognized the woman from yesterday: Brian's ex-girlfriend
Silvia.

"Not so arrogant anymore, bitch slut?" she hissed, her voice hardly human.
With some blade in her hand she cut Rosepetal leash with a wave of her
arm. Like Jennifer, also Rosepetal was stunned by shock, when the demoness
jumped onto his shoulders and grabbed his arms with her claws. Extending
her huge wings, she tried to lift off making Jennifer dodge to the side
again. While she had some difficulties lifting the extra weight, Sylvia
was gone again before Jennifer could gather her senses. She still stood
speechless with the cut leash in her hand in the middle of the corridor,
when Sylvia - dragging her prey - vanished around a bend.

Finally just shortly before her den, Sylvia managed to lift her shocked
burden. She pushed him inside with the momentum from the flight and
followed him after folding her wings.

Sylvia's den was nested in an alcove near the ceiling; 20 meters above the
second floor. The only entrance was by flight. Of course she didn't have
the time to build her own nest, but instead "inherited" it from her
competitor during the training. So most of the juices that made the
rubbery building material so slimy were not her own yet. The interior, a
sphere of only about 3 meters in diameter, was rather tight for her
enhanced form, frightened "Brian" and another unconscious form lying bound
on the floor.

Sylvia felt extremely dizzy and her heart was hammering hard. She
shouldn't have exerted herself so much so quickly, but ... she had won,
hadn't she? And now that she had fresh nourishment, she will feast and
relax.

Her tutors had warned her that she shouldn't try to make more than 32
hours without sleep only on feasting, but now that Brian was hers again,
she couldn't stop herself.
With a hand and both clawed feet, she positioned Brian on his back and
spread his legs open. She let her breasts with their pierced nipples hang
in front of his face and took his cock into one front claw. Soon his panic
subsided and was replaced by sexual heat. With her feet grabbing his
legs she slowly lowered herself onto his cock. Then, pinning down his
arms with her elbows, she took his head into her front claws, applying
pressure to his nerve endings. His mouth opened on his own accord when
she came closer for a kiss - the last thing that he will remember of the
next few hours.

**19. Stopping the fiend**

Sylvia soared through Hedonia. She felt a high from the joys of free
flight (or maybe from sleep deprivation). After feeding off of Bloodflower (a
fitting name, since he was dressed in dark red already) she felt too
restless to stay in her den and sleep. She learned that by staying close
to the ceiling, hardly anybody noticed her and how to grab onto metal
girders or decorations with hand or foot claws.

But now some celebration blocked her way. Most of the hallway over both
levels was filled with garlands and balloons. The only passage was by foot
or through the small dark tunnel with the doors to the toilets. Strangely
the normally dim lights of those tunnels had been switched of completely.

Swooping down from the ceiling, she artfully glided into the tunnel, when
she was suddenly caught in some kind of sticky net. Cobwebs hindered the
movement of her wings and the many strings pulled her out of the air. She
crashed to the ground and started cursing. Easily ripping the cobwebs
apart she shouted angry threats at the person responsible for this. Then
she noticed somebody approaching her.

Before she could react, the dark shape had grabbed both arms and twisted
them hard. Against the pain, Sylvia fought to get hold of the attacker's
head. That foolish woman was about to learn the mental power of a
succubus.

After a struggle she managed to get a good grip. She needed only seconds
and pressed hard on the nerve endings, but something was wrong. Instead of
freezing in shock, the attacking woman took a better grip of her hand and
twisted it so hard that Sylvia fell to her knees. Why was she immune to
her pheromones and acupressure technique?

While the woman pushed her down harder, strong hands started binding her
wings. Sylvia felt a bite in her leg and then the other leg. Slowly her
consciousness faded away.

When she came to again she was still in the tunnel. The normal dim lights
of the toilet tunnel were on again. She felt herself being fucked from somebody
behind her. Her hands, wings and legs were bound together and somebody was
easily holding her by the hip and moved her up and down his huge shaft.
She tried to scream, but she was gagged.

A man approached her. He was wearing camouflage dress. Each of his
movements made swishing and squeaking rubbery noises, proving that he had
no idea how to choose combat clothes. Clearly this man was not the
mastermind behind her capture. He only enjoyed playing soldier, but would
hide during the action.
He tentatively touched her and started stroking her breasts - one of the
few areas not covered by tight constricting webbing.

"It is her real skin, but it has scales and feels leathery. How did they
do that? Some new tanning formula? And the red color.... Most amazing!"
he marveled.

"Ohhh, mmmmh, believe it or not, but it feels leathery all the way in," a
deep voice behind her boomed.

Looking into her face he noticed that she was awake.
"Hello, my dear. How nice of you to join us. My name is Master Taylor.
The gentleman behind you is Zephyr and" - gesturing to the side - "J2 and
Taracy you know already".
There, motionless and expressionless stood the woman that had attacked her
in front of a large Drider. Her laser eye watchfully swept around the
room.

"And here comes the person we were all waiting for," the man continued with
a swish bow extending a hand towards the approaching Jennifer.

She was dressed in a very simple, unadorned, black cat-suit and a mask
covering her hair and most of the face. Apart from her completely clean
knee high boots and her face, she seemed to be covered in slimy goo.

"Thank you, Master Taylor, for your gracious words and your help." she
said, giving him her hand for a kiss. "I am looking forward to our meeting
in the evening."

"And I bid my farewell until then," he replied. With another bow and a
quick press on the remote he and J2 left the tunnel and vanished in the
crowd.

Just then the man behind her shoot a huge warm load into her and extracted
himself. Putting her down on the floor he moved with clacking hooves into
sight. Zephyr was a huge centaur as you would expect him out of a book of
Greek mythology. His penis was located between his front legs, but wasn't
there a second penis hidden inside it's sheath between the hind legs as
well?

Zephyr bowed down and Jennifer clutched his head and kissed him
aggressively, pressing herself against his penis. "See you around, lover,"
she whispered, giving him a slap on the ass, when he, too, left the tunnel.

Before Jennifer even acknowledge her existence she bid farewell to the
drider in a similar way. Moving unafraid between the fangs, she moaned and
pushed her tongue into the insect's mouth. "Let's discuss the insemination
tomorrow, Taracy. If not mine, then I will find you another womb by the
end of the week," she promised.

After also the Drider had left, Jennifer finally looked at Sylvia. She
took her crop and stroked her face, making sure that she smelled a strong
dose of Probenol. "I know your demon name. Do you know what that means?"
Sylvia's mind started swimming. "Once I say it you will be under my
command until I decide to banish you back to hell." Lifting her face with
the crop she forced her to look directly into her eyes. "Sylvia!"

Sylvia collapsed. Helplessly she realized that she now had to obey that
damn woman.

**20. One hour earlier**

Jennifer stood on the railing of the second floor, holding on to a rope
that was anchored in the ceiling. Her feet hurt a bit from standing
without heels. They were covered only with a latex skin, while her heeled
sandals dangled from her hip - for later.
This was the third try to reach the succubus' nest, so she aimed carefully
and prepared to have the power reel lift her higher along the rope. Taking
a deep breath she jumped.

Sarah hadn't given her much sympathy. Whining is not fit for a strong
woman. But she did give her the one word of advice that led to the
solution: Connections. With her DLM chip she got in contact with some "old
friends" and after reading a lot about Succubi in general and Succubus
garden in particular she had come up with a plan.

Only she now hoped that her friends were faring better in catching Sylvia
than she in entering it's den. If it came back and found Jennifer hanging
with one hand from her entrance... That would be awkward.

Stretching her toes she flew towards the alcove that housed the nest. By
reeling in the rope just right, she slid - toes first - through the latex
lips that enclosed the entrance. Her huge tits crashed into the "door",
but her momentum was big enough to carry her through. Rubbing them
Jennifer made a mental note to get inflatable (or rather deflatable) tits
once this was over.

Inside she found two lifeless forms lying on the ground and covered in goo.
This posed a new problem because she had only one transport harness with
her. Also, moving in a stuffy and slimy latex cocoon attached to a wall
was not easy if the task is to heave around an unconscious man or two.

First she removed their gag and anal intruder with which they had been
fixed to the walls. Seeing the gaping holes left after hours of stretching
Jennifer couldn't resist to push her latex covered feet into them. Unlike
her own ass-pussy Rosepetal's ass was still so tight that only half of her
foot slid in. The other boy must have been here a bit longer, because her
whole foot fit into him. After all this time without boots it felt good to
have the feet tightly enclosed again.

Jennifer leaned back and started furiously rubbing her own clit. Succubus
goo was covering her body and mask and she was just contemplating to become
the demon's slave, when her DLM chip informed her that Sylvia was caught
and bound.
Shaking off the masochistic thoughts she removed her feet from the slaves'
asses and thought about getting them out of here.

Finally she managed to punch enough holes through the latex skin of the
nest to thread the rope through. Two trips with the power reel up and
down the rope brought her and her two passengers to the ground floor where
a nurse with a transportation bed was waiting already.

Back at the ward three latex nurses cared for each of her slaves. They
informed her that the patients only suffered from exhaustion and will
recover by themselves after a good sleep. However they would like to clean
them and check for psychological damages for the small price of being
allowed to use them.

Jennifer allowed it and watched for a while, while the nurses started
licking her slaves clean while shoving gloved hands and strap-ons into each
other and their patients. Soon they were taking turns riding their faces
and cocks, kissing and groping each other's tits.

Smiling, Jennifer put on her heeled sandals, turned and went to fetch her
third new slave. That is, if it will swallow the tale about obeying the
person that knows her demon name...

**21. We need a bigger apartment**

"Rule number one: Under no circumstances will you do any harm, direct or
indirect to me, your mistress. That includes distracting me from a danger
or ordering somebody else to harm me."
Jennifer slowly and deliberately walked up and down in front of the bound
Succubus.
"Rule number two: You will not feast on or have sex with anybody without my
consent! If you are a good little demon, I might allow you to have sex
without me.
You will live with me and address me as Mistress."
Jennifer crouched in front of Sylvia, grabbing her chin and forced her to
look into her eyes.
"Did I make myself clear?"

"Yes, Mistress," Sylvia replied, defeated. "I will obey your commands."

Satisfied with this answer, Jennifer started to free her from the ropes.
"Stand up and come with me. You will always walk two steps behind me!"

"Yes, Mistress."

Cheers accompanied them on their way back to the Good4U staff quarters.
It turns out that Succubus Garden had produced (including Sylvia) five
winged Succubi since it's foundation a year ago.
While the lesser demons fit well into the ecosystem of Hedonia, the winged
creatures posed a threat as they were too powerful.

Trainers like the ones from Good4U or other companies already fought and
subdued two other Succubi in the past.
Both of those fights had come with some costs.
Jennifer's strategy with a drider and an android was the first real success
in the greater war.
Luckily only few people were desperate enough and willing to pay for the
full program.

Two succubi roaming freely, two more changed back to humans; Jennifer
planned to reintegrate Sylvia as a Succubus.
She was sure that she can forge a new niche for the demons in Hedonia's
society.

"And it will all start with a good licking from that long demon tongue,"
she mused, entering her home.
