---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Professor Kink's Escape Room Challenge
authors:
- thepinkbishop
tags:
- Other-f+
- M-f+
- bond
- latex
- catsuit
- gag
- straps
- piercing
- toys
- buttplug
- scifi
- force
- climax
- nosehook
- milking
- bodymod
- machine
- oral
- reluct
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-01-11 00:00:00
---

### Episode 2

‘Is Charlie ok?’ Asked Priya as her gag suddenly slipped away.

‘Yeth, I’m fine,’ said Charlotte in what might have been a sarcastic tone if her speech had not been distorted by the large ring passing through the end of her tongue. ‘I’ve jutht had my nippleth and clit pierthed and I’m thtrutting round like a thucking bondage Barbie.’

‘Swearing violation,’ the voice said. ‘Punishment escalated.’

Two tendrils of black extended from Charlotte’s blindfold hooking into her nostrils lifting them quite uncomfortably, Isabel guessed.

‘Oh gread.’

‘Just don’t do or say anything else.’ Warned Isabel.

‘I’m drying bud thith bit between my legs ith quite dithtracting and my nippleth are really throbbing.’ Charlotte rocked slightly on her pointed boots and took tiny steps trying to maintain her balance; her breathing was rapid and her cheeks and chest flushed.

On the floor, Tiffany moaned and rolled onto her side, her latest series of multiple orgasms passed and her body spent. Her suit had welded her thighs together and pulled her feet up to her bottom in a hogtie type arrangement. Isabel wondered how they might move her when, if, they finally managed to get passed the door.

‘You’re all in bondage aren’t you?’ Priya asked, still kneeling still blindfolded beside the gently whimpering Tiffany. ‘That’s so unfair.’

‘Happy to trade plathes,’ Charlotte said.

Tiffany moaned.

‘I’m sure you’ll get your turn,’ Isabel said, trying to take control of the situation. ‘But it might be good if at least one of us was able to use her arms.’

‘Well next time one of you is free, tell me and I’ll go interfering to get my punishment,’ Priya said. ‘I can’t believe I’m the only one here that’s into bondage and I’m not even properly tied up.’

---

It took some time for Isabel to talk a blindfolded Priya through the logic puzzle but eventually the door clicked open.

The alcove beyond contained another view screen on which Briga Songsten’s face reappeared. She was less haggard and less wild eyed.

‘If you’ve got this far, well done,’ she said. ‘Things are going to get pretty wild beyond this point and I may only be able to leave one more short message.’ She glanced around nervously. ‘It’s the suits that are the problem but you’ll know that by now.’ She stepped back revealing herself to be naked and still holding the gun. She was a lot less dirty and the gun looked new. ‘They were designed by Professor Kink to help us function on EVAs; they have biomechanical interfaces, smart-molecule technology. The crew liked them and with the final construction of the base we were in and out a lot and the crew started wearing them inside the base in place of uniform. It wasn’t strictly regulation but I turned a blind eye to it; it was an all female crew and, quite frankly, it helped to do away with uniform violations.’ She smiled ruefully. ‘There were other advantages too. If you have put on one of the suits, you’ve probably discovered them; if you haven’t…well…perhaps. Anyway, it took me a while to realise the consequences but essentially they are programmed to help us perform in all aspects; if a crew member did something well, the suit rewarded her and, if she did something wrong it punished her.’ She glanced around again, adjusting the rifle. ‘When I realised the rewards and punishments seemed to be of…a sexual nature I stormed round to Professor Kink’s laboratory to demand he change the programming. That’s when I knew I was too late…’

The screen flickered for a moment.

‘You don’d thay,’ said Charlotte. ‘Thexual, eh? I’d never have guethed.’

‘Shh,’ said Priya. ‘Listen.'

‘He had one of the Hunters in for maintenance and it was obvious he’d modified the saddle. There were two huge dildos sticking up from it. A Worker was beside it making some adjustments with Sabine, one of the chief project engineers driving it. It had clearly been modified too and she was mounted on the thing, impaled more like, there was only one way she wasn’t slipping off that saddle. Not only that, her suit was reconfigured leaving her breasts bare and there were tubes running from her nipples to the machine and her breasts…. It was probably about a week since I’d seen her and her breasts had practically doubled in size. That’s when I realised the machine was milking her.’

‘‘It eases her discomfort.’ I heard Professor Kink say. ‘Having her breasts swollen like that is painful.’ I wondered if he’d stopped to consider that she shouldn’t have swollen breasts like that and that’s when I realised he was a madman; a perverted madman. There crawling beside him was Stephanie, Ensign Hentai; the girl’s suit had reconfigured and she was crawling on the points of her elbows and knees with her legs and arms folded up, her hands moulded to the side of her neck; he had her on a leash like an animal, the faceplate of her suit even gave her a muzzle and ears; and her breasts…huge, exposed; her nipples were dragging on the ground leaving a trail of…’ Commander Songsten’s contorted with disgust. ‘And there was a tail…a tail in her…’

‘I told him then and there it was over, that I was terminating the mission. There had been rumours and some accusations before but this proved they were true. I was going to expose him for the pervert he was; using his inventions for his own twisted sexual pleasures. I told him that he wouldn’t get away with doing this to my crew.’ The Commander ran a hand through her hair and smiled ruefully. ‘I guess it was a mistake. I was unarmed and taken by surprise as Ensign Hentai leapt at me, her suit turning her from sex kitten to fighting creature. She knocked me to the ground, crouching over me, her weight pinning me down. There was a far away look in her eyes as if she’d been hypnotised; I could feel her suit flowing over me, trying to engulf me. I saw her look up at him and heard her call him ‘master’. That gave me a moment to strike and I rolled out, tearing shreds of her suit off me. As I ran for the door with her in pursuit, Sabine tried to cut me off. It’s just as well she was driving a Worker; if she’d been in a Hunter they’d have got me.’

‘I slipped into the maintenance tunnels and escaped.’

‘I need to get to the control room and release the emergency recovery mechanism. The base will detach from the seabed and do an emergency ascent. We’ll be picked up and this nightmare will be over.'

The image faded.

---

‘That sounds like the key to escaping,’ said Priya who had been listening intently.

‘Jutht a thame we’re all a bid handicapped,’ said Charlotte. ‘Ith there a thchemadic?’

Isabel leaned in using her nose to press the control buttons.

‘Yes,’ she said. ‘We need to go left although that does lead us back into the main tunnels.’

‘We should be safe from the Workers and Isabel will just have to watch out for Hunters.’

‘What about Tiffany?’ Isabel asked. ‘She’s completely helpless now.’

‘Whad?’

‘She’s hogtied,’ Isabel said.

‘Lucky bitch,’ said Priya meaningfully.

‘We could bail,’ Isabel said. ‘Push the panic button.’

‘And miss the chance of some decent bondage?’ Priya said. ‘Don’t you dare.’

‘I agree,’ said Charlotte. ‘I’m ginda enshoying shis in weird way.’

Isabel smiled. It wasn’t just the loyalty of her team. ‘Just stay here,’ she said and cautiously pushed open the service hatch beside them then poked her head out.

There was a Worker standing out in the corridor to one side and when she looked the other way, three black suited women came into view. All three had bare breasts and two had their sexes exposed two, the third appeared to be a prisoner, she was restrained and being led by one of the other two who held a leash attached to her nipples.

Isabel pulled back quickly whispering urgently for the others to remain quiet.

When she looked again the three women had gone but the worker hadn’t moved.

‘They did say the Workers would ignore us,’ Priya said. ‘The last one did.’

Isabel looked again, cautiously.

‘We still have to move Tiffany.’

‘Could one of us drive the Worker?’ Priya asked.

‘Id mighd be pard of the thenario,’ Charlotte said.

Isabel knew that would make sense. ‘Alright, but I’m not sure how we’re going to do it with you three blindfolded and me restrained.’

She crept out into the corridor and cautiously approached the stationary machine then, just as she reached it, another black suited woman appeared in the corridor. For a moment, Isabel froze but then she realised they were going to have to pass others if they were going to reach the engineering section. She nodded to the woman nonchalantly who nodded back and carried on.

Isabel breathed a sigh of relief and then looked up at the machine. It was about seven feet tall and there was a step up to the ‘saddle’ that even a girl with her arms restrained could use. The dildos were big but, in Isabel’s current state of arousal, somewhat inviting.

‘This game is turning me into a slut.’ She whispered to herself then, glancing around, took a deep breath and climbed aboard, swinging her leg over the saddle.

‘Here goes.’ She lowered herself onto the phalluses only mildly surprised by how easily they slid inside her, vagina and rectum. ‘A real slut.’

She only just managed to stop herself swearing as the device drew her feet into the footwells, impaling her even further on the dildos as metal cuffs tightened around her ankles and the boots of her suit moulded to a new shape. She looked at the hand rests in front of her but could do nothing to reach them and struggled briefly against her bondage then tried to move her feet but the device remained still.

‘Oh great. I’m locked in.’

‘Punishment suspended.’

Her arms slid free and she automatically placed them into the hand controls, leaning forward in a way that seemed designed to force all her weight on the dildos plugging her.

‘Interface engaged.’

Her hands were suddenly locked in place and something slid round her face, the visor she’d seen on the previous Worker. Something pushed its way into her mouth, a bit, then the harness wrapped itself around her chest and, finally, a clip attached itself to her new clit ring, tugging on it in a way that was completely the opposite of painful. It wasn’t so bad, she thought, to be impaled on two huge dildos and locked into a strange alien style machine. That’s when the suit peeled back from her breasts and tubes attached themselves to her nipples. There was a brief moment of pain that blossomed to engulf each of her small breasts and then it was gone.

The bit stopped her swearing.

---

Driving the Worker was surprisingly easy; as easy as walking, in fact; when she moved her leg as if to take a step, so did the exoskeleton, when she attempted to extend her hand, the Worker responded.

Reaching back into the alcove she bent to pick up Tiffany but then paused remembering that the other two were still blindfolded.

The pincers of the exoskeleton were surprisingly dextrous and, when she picked up Priya's leash, it was as if she held it in her hand. Deciding what to to with Charlotte was more difficult but with Priya’s hands free, she could help guide the blonde so Isabel scooped up Tiffany, sliding the arms of the Worker under her back so the helpless, hogtied redhead hung arched over, her wrists folded up behind her neck and the tips of her boots drawn up almost to the back of her head. She moaned from time to time but seemed otherwise able to tolerate the punishing position perhaps as a result of the distracting sexual stimulation she was experiencing.

They passed a number of other crew in various states of undress and of bondage, some leading others on leashes and some tottering along in contorted poses, mostly with their arms folded up behind their backs and their wrists locked to the back of a high ‘collar’ that the suit had formed. Many were blindfolded but they seemed able to navigate the corridors, often with hobbled steps where their suits linked their ankles; most were gagged too presumably undergoing some sort of punishment and all of them seemed to have massively enlarged breasts, most with pierced nipples from which hung weights that swung as the moved. Many too, had rings in their clits.

None seemed to take any notice of a Worker carrying her helplessly hogtied redhead and leading a blonde and an Asian woman behind even when Tiffany began convulsing in another forced orgasm.

‘Is she climaxing again?’ Priya asked.

‘Thertainly thounds like id,’ Charlotte said then, after a pause, the blonde added. ‘Ith your thuid driving you crathy?’

‘If you mean I’m enduring constant sexual stimulation then, yes,’ Priya said. ‘And, yes, the suit is driving me crazy.’

Isabel adjusted her position on the dildos. The combination of the suit and the Worker were driving her crazy too, the dildos constantly moving inside her and it felt like every nerve cell in her breasts was enjoying a party. The arrival of another earth-shattering orgasm was moving from increasingly desirable to pretty much unstoppable.

It didn’t help when they were forced to climb a ladder up to the engineering section. The Worker had a clamp that fitted to a central pole so that Isabel could continue to hold a now panting, sweating, post climactic Tiffany and all she had to do was move the legs of the suit. Something that seemed designed to force her to rub her thighs on the saddle and endure the dildos pumping her mercilessly for the five minutes it took to make the ascent.

Fortunately, Charlotte’s suit also suspended its punishment, releasing her enough to use her flipper-like hands to grasp the rails as she climbed below Isabel. The intense stimulation proved too much for the lovely blonde in her strappy suit which appeared designed to pull mercilessly at intimate piercings as she moved and the tops of her ‘boots’ that caressed her labia with every step so that, about half way up she stopped and screamed, barely able to hold on to the ladder as her body was wracked with wave after wave of intense orgasm.

‘Yeth…yeth…yeth…’ She screamed over and over.

Priya’s climaxes, as she climbed, enduring the stimulation of her suit, the pressure against her bottom and her sex and the teasing of the leash which had been left swinging from the black rings piercing her nipples, were more restrained and, as a consequence, she was able to draw them out over the entire climb so arrived at the top flushed and glowing with satisfaction.

‘Gods, I love this place,’ she said.

---

Isabel was more than ready to cum when she finally set Tiffany down on the deck and sat in the Worker waiting for the other two to gather their breath. She remembered the previous occupant of the Worker they’d seen, clearly being rewarded for her work by being allowed to climax and perhaps forced to. Isabel stretched on the dildos and clamped her thighs on the saddle. It had to be her turn now; her breasts were tingling so much they almost hurt and the gentle mechanical hum of the device resonated through her clit ring where it held her in the saddle. Everyone else was blindfolded and they would just have to wait for her.

Isabel closed the mouth firmly on the bit and squeezed the saddle in a way that seemed to make the dildos and clit ring combine to stimulate her sex in an almost perfect way; the cables on her nipples did their thing too. If she was lucky maybe they’d make her little breasts grow into grapefruits like Tiffany’s or maybe even soccer balls like some of the women she’d seen in the corridors below. Being a sex toy down here didn’t seem so bad and she wondered if she really wanted to escape, imagining herself leading Charlotte along one of the corridors by her nipples, the suit teasing her with every step as she strutted along with her new large breasts jutting out in front of her.

Being punished occasionally and gagged for swearing might even be fun.

She thought of the Commander with the woman in the suit who she had called ‘my love’ and the manual overrides. Would she be able to control Charlotte like that? She’d make sure the suit kept her constantly stimulated but denied until she, Isabel, permitted her to cum.

‘Oh God!’ She thought as her climax built. ‘It’s going to be huge.’

‘Transformation complete,’ the voice said and Isabel’s eyes flew open.

Tiffany’s suit began to reconfigure again, releasing her legs so that they flopped down and the redhead rolled over moaning. Her gag had gone but she was still blindfolded and her arms were still fixed up behind her back.

‘Diffany?’ Isabel asked, the bit of the Worker still between her teeth.

‘Yes, Mistress?’ The redhead asked.

‘Are you okay?’

‘Of course, Mistress,’ Tiffany answered. ‘How may I serve you?’

It was at that moment that the Worker released Isabel, the tube falling away from her nipples and the visor and bit retracting. Isabel was almost trembling; she’d been so close. She was still impaled on the dildos, she could easily do it.

‘Mistress?’ Tiffany called blindly. ‘Where are you?’

‘I’m here, Tiff.’

The suit released Isabel’s clit ring and the harness retracted.

Isabel scowled and climbed off the saddle with a wet squelch.

---

It was then that Isabel noticed her breasts. They had grown, quite significantly, firm swellings that she could cup in the palms of her hands, still bare above what remained a tightly constricting corset that pinched her slim waist beneath; her breasts had pointy brown nipples that were twice as big as they should have been and now had large, very prominent areolas that appeared swollen with arousal. She couldn’t resist lifting her hands to them, cupping them.

‘Punishment reinstated.’

Isabel’s arms were drawn behind her.

Once again she managed not to swear.

There was a narrow bridge ahead of them that was too narrow to pilot the Worker across it. It spanned a seemingly bottomless drop that went way further down than the few floors they’d just climbed up using the ladder. As the only one not blindfolded, Isabel was, however, going to have to lead three blindfolded girls across it, two of whom were still fairly strictly restrained. She looked at the three, Charlotte with her golden body restrained in tight cords, with her pierced tongue protruding from her mouth, Priya with her breasts bare and nipples ringed and Tiffany with her arms drawn behind her back into impossibly tight bondage; her nipples and sex both now ringed and her breasts hugely swollen.

‘Whadth happening?’ Charlotte asked.

Isabel sighed and explained what she planned to do. ‘Everyone understand?’ She asked at the end. ‘Don’t go wandering around unless you want to fall into a bottomless cavern.’

‘Yes, Mistress,’ Tiffany responded.

‘You don’t have to call me ‘Mistress’,’ Isabel told her.

‘I will call you Goddess if you wish, Mistress.’

Isabel looked at the others who stared ahead blankly. ‘If only…’ she thought, ‘she had her hands free to play with that ring between my legs.’

‘Priya,’ she said. ‘I’m going to take you first.’

Priya’s leash still dangled from her nipple rings and Isabel bent to take it up in her teeth.

‘Gum on.’ She tugged gently.

‘Oohhh,’ Priya responded. ‘That feels sooo good.’ Then she added, ‘Mistress,’ with a playful smile.

After what she’d been through, it was relatively easy, walking backwards en-pointe with her arms pinned tightly together behind her back with her waist constricted and a ring piercing her clit that kept sending delicious little shocks to her most sensitive spot towing a helpless woman by the nipples. On the other side she made Priya kneel down and bent to unhook the leash from her nipple rings using her teeth.

‘That feels good too,’ Priya said, looking up at her. ‘You don’t mind if I call you Mistress too do you?’

‘Shat’s ub do you?’ Isabel said with the leash in her teeth.

‘Thank you Mistress,’ Priya said with a grin. ‘And now I think it’s time for this naughty girl’s punishment.’

‘Whad?’ Isabel shook her head. ‘No!’

However, she could do nothing as Priya reached up, pulled gently on her nipple rings then tried to pull the blindfold from her face.

‘Interference beyond parameters of scenario,’ the voice said. ‘Punishment initiated.’

Priya sighed with pleasure as her arms were drawn behind her back and then her wrists pulled up so that they were crossed between her shoulder-blades.

‘Oh!’ Said Priya wriggling. ‘I’ve always wanted to be tied up like this. It’s called a reverse prayer tie, you know.’

‘Really,’ Isabel rolled her eyes. ‘Well, I hope you hafe fun; bud you should know shad none of use can ushe our arms now.’

‘I’m sure someone else’s punishment will be over soon,’ Priya said, squirming with pleasure. ‘Perhaps I should swear too and get myself gagged so I can really enjoy it.’

Isabel turned and teetered back across the bridge to find that Tiffany’s blindfold had also gone although her arms were still restrained like Priya’s. Tiffany’s suit, much like her own now consisted of a collar to which her tightly restrained arms were held, a ludicrously tight corset that constricted her waist to a size that was barely larger than Isabel’s and sexy black shiny stockings/boots that come to her thighs; then, of course there was the thick black ring through her clit.

‘You look gorgeous, Mistress,’ Tiffany said flirtily. ‘I’ve always liked your little titties.’

‘Jusht ged acrosh she bridge,’ Isabel said. ‘I’ll bring Charlodde.’

‘Aren’t you going to take me, Mistress?’ Tiffany wheedled pouting and fluttering her eyelashes. ‘I’m very wobbly in these boots and I’ve got that big ring in my pussy that really needs a lead though it.’

‘Alrighd,’ Isabel grimaced. ‘Shtand shtill.’

She dropped to one knee and, using her teeth, attempted to hook one arm of the leash to the ring in Tiffany’s clit.

‘Ohh, Mistress.’ Tiffany leant forward pushing her clit into Isabel’s face. ‘I think it should be me who’s kneeling in front of your pussy.’ She giggled. ‘But while you’re there I should mention that poor little Tiff hasn’t had an orgasm for at least ten minutes.’

‘Geep shtill,’ Isabel tried again and then stood up with the ring of the leash in her teeth.

‘Gum on.’

Isabel walked backwards, slightly stooped and Tiffany followed, tripping sexily with every step.

‘Thank you, Mistress,’ Tiffany gushed as they reached the other side then bent and licked Isabel’s right nipple. ‘Your nips are so responsive. I can always tell when you’re thinking naughty thoughts.’

‘Tiff!’ Isabel protested blushing furiously.

‘Would Mistress rather little Tiffany licked her pussy?’ Tiffany dropped to her knees and Isabel stepped back quickly dropping the leash.

‘Just stay here and don’t get into any trouble.’

Behind them, Priya moaned and Isabel turned to see that she had fallen onto her side and was squirming there, rubbing her thighs together.

‘Fuck, I need to be gagged,’ Priya whispered.

‘Swearing violation.’

Priya moaned delightedly as a huge ball gag filled her mouth and instantly started her drooling.

Isabel felt something press against the lower part of her body. It was Tiffany and she immediately began kissing Isabel’s clit ring.

‘Tiff!’

‘Oh, please, Mistress,’ Tiffany wheedled.

‘Later!’ Isabel said but the redheads touch on her clit ring had reminded her of her need and started her pussy tingling again. ‘Please Tiff…’

Tiffany’s tongue forced its way past the ring.

‘Mistress has a lovely pussy.’ Tiffany’s teeth nibbled. ‘A lovely hot, wet pussy…hot for her hot Slave-Tiffany.

‘Tiff,’ Isabel stepped away but Tiffany followed her.

‘Mistress,’ Tiffany pleaded.

‘Slave!’ Quite where it came from Isabel couldn’t tell, but her command made the redhead stop. ‘Stay!’

‘Yes, Mistress.’ Tiffany bowed her head, her voice contrite and tears springing to her blue eyes. ‘Slave-Tiffany will be waiting for Mistress when she gets back.’

‘Good girl.’ Isabel looked at the leash still attached to Tiffany’s clit ring. It would be useful if she could reach it but she didn’t want to. ’Stay!’

Isabel walked back across the bridge to Charlotte.

‘You’re goin’ do ushe my dongue, aren’d you?’ Charlotte’s voice sounded strange with the big black ring piercing the tip of her tongue.

‘Friad so,’ Isabel said. ‘Push it out.’

‘Juthd be careful of my nothe,’ Charlotte said. ‘Id’s very thore.’

Without the leash, there wasn’t much else Isabel could do but take the ring between her teeth; there wasn’t much else she could grab hold of without the use of her hands and that was when it happened. Isabel leant forward to grab Charlotte’s piercing and felt a sharp pain in her own and the next thing she knew they were standing there face to face with the tips of their tongue’s linked together.

‘Woth abbened?’ Charlotte asked.

‘Thersh a problem,’ Isabel said.

‘Oh, I thee,’ Charlotte said pulling her tongue back in a way that pulled Isabel’s into her mouth rather intimately and made their lips brush.

Isabel pulled back and their lips brushed again.

‘We’re thtuck aren’d we,’ said Charlotte.

‘Yeah,’ Isabel said. ’Nod thure whad do do now?’

‘Thame ath before,’ Charlotte said with a slight smile on her lips. ‘Jutht a liddle more indimate.’

‘If you thay tho,’ Isabel said, suddenly feeling even more awkward than she usually did around Charlotte.

She started to walk backwards pulling the blonde with her. It was very slow and awkward and they kept bumping into each other, lips touching, breasts pressing together, thighs rubbing and they found it was easier the closer they stayed together.

Suddenly Charlotte stopped.

‘Unghth.’ Isabel felt her tongue stretched.

‘You’ve god breasds,’ Charlotte said suddenly, pushing her chest forward. ‘Where did they gum from.’

‘They jutht short of…grew,’ Isabel said.

‘Nith.’ Charlotte rubbed her own breasts against Isabel’s.

‘Do you mind?’ Isabel tried to back away but she was trapped by her tongue and, actually the touch if Charlotte’s hard, swollen nipples against her own was far from unpleasant and their was something about the intimate contact and the blonde’s warm breath in her mouth.

‘Charlie!’ Isabel squirmed.

‘Thorry. Itthi?’

‘Are you geddin’ off on thith?’ Isabel tried to sound shocked.

‘No more than you are,’ Charlotte said and pulled her tongue back drawing them even closer together forcing their lips to touch and holding them together.

That’s when she felt a sudden pain in her nipples.

‘Oh shid.’

‘You probably should nod hafe thaid thad,’ Charlotte said giving Isabel to opportunity to draw back but the smile she could feel more than see playing across Charlotte’s lips stopped her. Something else stopped her too.

‘Our nipples are joined doo, arn’d they?’ Charlotte said.

It was awkward to look down but whens she did Isabel could see that black loops now protruded from Charlotte’s suit and these were hooked through rings in her own nipples.

‘Pierced nibbleth and breathds,’ Charlotte said archly. ‘You are havin’ a fun day.’

‘Leth talkin’,’ Isabel said. She might have added ‘more kissing’ but steeled herself.

‘Doeth thad mean more kitthin’?’ Charlotte pushed her lips against Isabel’s and pulled her tongue into her mouth drawing Isabel’s back with it.

The pair teetered for a moment, bodies pressed together and Isabel felt Charlotte’s body shudder.

‘Ooohh.’ They both gasped, lips springing apart and then bouncing back tougher as their tongues were stretched.

‘Clid ringth doo!’ Charlotte said, making no pretence of accidental contact as she applied her lips forcefully to Isabel’s face and rubbed her sex hard against Isabel’s.

‘Hey!’ Isabel said as Charlotte’s body shuddered to orgasm.

‘Thorry, Itthi. Really needed thad,’ Charlotte gasped. ‘We gan go now!’

Isabel stood her ground.

‘Whad aboud me?’ she demanded of the blonde.

‘You?’

‘Yeah, me!’ Isabel pressed her lips and her breasts and her sex against Charlotte and then lifted her thigh, rubbing it against the other girl’s leg and then hooked it around the back of her thighs.

‘Didn’ u shay id wath dangerush?’ Charlotte said.

‘I don’t fuggin’ gare.’ Isabel’s sex pressed her body against Charlotte’s. The blonde always got her way, never thought about others and Isabel had had just about enough. She really needed this orgasm and Charlotte was going to provide it. After all, the voice of reason told her, this couldn’t be a bottomless abyss.

Her orgasm when it came nearly tipped both of them off the bridge but they kept their balance, probably more thanks to Charlotte’s efforts than her own.

‘And I thoughd you were frigid,’ Charlotte said with a breathy laugh as Isabel struggled to get her breath back in the tight suit.

‘Whad!’ Isabel snapped, her tongue jerking against Charlotte’s and once again nearly making them fall. ‘Jush becaush you’re a slud!’

‘I’m nod a slud.’ Charlotte shook her head rather recklessly.

‘Jushd keep movin’,’ Isabel said taking a step backwards pulling Charlotte to finish crossing the bridge with her both of them muttering darkly about the other not being frigid or, indeed, a slut.

---

Fortunately, for Isabel and Charlotte, the system released them from their intimate bondage as they stepped off the bridge. Charlotte’s blindfold and tongue piercing vanished too but she was left with the nose hook.

‘Delayed swearing violation,’ the voice said. ‘Punishment increased.’

‘Nnngthh.’ Isabel felt a pull in her tongue and then a corresponding jerk on her nipples.

‘That’s almost as good a look as this fucking nose-ring,’ Charlotte said. ‘Oh, thid!’

‘Swearing violation. Punishment instituted.’

Charlotte’s tongue piercing reappeared and her tongue was drawn out of her mouth by two strands of black connected it to her nipple rings.

‘Thith ith tho humiliatin’,’ Charlotte said.

With her tongue pulled down and her nose drawn up by the hook, her usually pretty face was contorted.

‘Ad leathd thomeone’s havin’ a good dime,’ Isabel said somehow trying simultaneously to forget what had just happened with Charlotte on the bridge and commit every detail of it in her memory.

As if on cue, Priya moaned. The Asian girl lay on her back with her arms beneath her and her legs folded up, knees spread wide. At some point she had clearly been swearing, as the suit had covered her face in a huge muzzle and blindfolded her with round black pads pressed over her eyes. Her bare breasts heaved as she panted hard. Aside from her previous clandestine love for restraint, it wasn’t hard to identify the cause of her cries; there, kneeling between her legs was Tiffany, still helpless in the reverse prayer tie, her pale bottom raised displaying the bases of the huge phalluses that still plugged her and her red hair spread in a carpet across the shiny black material coating Priya’s thighs as she lapped at the moaning girl’s pussy.

Isabel rolled her eyes then stepped forward and gave Tiffany a gentle kick.

‘I dold you do thtay,’ she said.

Tiffany looked up, her face flushed and covered with Priya’s juices.

‘Sorry, Mistress.’ The redhead said with a sly smile. ‘But she ordered me to do it.’

Isabel wasn’t sure she believed a word of it but was aware enough to realise that, like the crew of the base, the suits were having an effect on their behaviour. At her feet, Priya moaned in frustration, lifting her hips in an invitation or perhaps an order for Tiffany to continue. Tiffany bent and kissed the helpless girl’s dark swollen clit then struggled to her feet.

‘You have no idea how difficult it is standing up in these boots when you’re as top heavy me,’ Tiffany said with a giggle.

It was at that moment that Isabel’s arms were finally released.

‘Oh, goody,’ Tiffany squealed. ‘Now you’ll be able to spank me for being such a naughty slave.’

---

The route to the rear entrance to engineering continued with a narrow crawl space which Isabel guessed was some sort of vent and with support from Charlotte and Tiffany, Isabel managed to lift the almost completely helpless and frog tied Priya up into it. Then, they all squirmed through, Isabel guiding Priya by the leash that she’d hooked back into her nipples and Charlotte following behind encouraging her with her pointed boots.

Fortunately, whatever was usually vented through it didn’t affect them and, as they emerged, Priya's bond’s fell away.

‘Oh gods that was fun.’ The Asian girl said stretching her cramped limbs and blinking her luxuriously lashed eyelids. ‘Do you think they’ll let me keep the nipple rings?’

‘Shhh!’ Isabel raised her finger to her lips. ‘We can all thee and thpeak after a fathion and thome of uth have uthe of her limbth. Led’th nod thpoil id.’

‘I was hoping for one more session,’ Priya said, then looked naughtily at Tiffany. ‘I’m sure Slave won’t mind.’

Tiffany blushed. ‘Of course not, Mistress.’

They climbed to their feet.

‘Thith way,’ Isabel said. ‘We hafe to find Profetthher Kink’s offithe.’

It was another relatively simple code, the professor’s birthday, to get in.

‘Well done, Itthy,’ Charlotte said and Isabel turned to see Charlotte smiling at her. Then she felt the blonde brush her bottom with her thigh and mitted hand. ‘Waid dill my handth are free. Thad gorgeouth ath of yourth won’d be thafe.’

Isabel couldn’t stop herself smiling back even though it was probably the easiest puzzle she’d solved all day.

‘You loog good in thad thuid you know.’ Charlotte winked. ‘Very thexy.’

Isabel blushed and led them into a space that was clearly an office with a metal desk, padded chair and rather old-fashioned filing cabinet that they had encountered in numerous escape rooms before. The wall clock told them they had twenty three minutes to complete their escape and they quickly fell to searching the room.

‘Thith ith one of thosthe thuit manipulatorth,’ Charlotte said. ‘We could free our dongues.’

‘Betht, thave id,’ Isabel said. ‘Anything elth?’

‘Schematic on releasing the station,’ Priya said.

‘What’s this?’ Tiffany said. She was standing beside an object some ten feet high and nearly as wide that stood against one wall. It was covered with a sheet and Tiffany tugged at this with her teeth.

The sheet fell away to reveal a metal ring mounted on a stand; it had four cylinders arranged in pairs, pointing towards the centre, two at the bottom and two at the top, each about three feet apart.

‘It looks like some sort of restraint,’ said Priya. ‘Perhaps one of us is supposed to climb onto it.’

‘Maybe id triggerth thomething,’ said Charlotte.

Isabel could imagine a girl hanging from it, spreadeagled. ‘Or, id might be there to dithtract uth,’ she said.

‘I’m willing to give it a try,’ said Priya. She pulled on it gently and the ring tipped forward rotating around its horizontal axis.

‘I’ll do id,’ said Charlotte.

‘No,’ said Isabel. ‘My turn.’

‘Oh, I love id when your botthy,’ said Charlotte with a wink.

Isabel stepped under the ring is lifted her hands, sliding them into the cylinders. They’d all been caught in previous escape rooms in Chinese finger traps or lobster pots, Charlotte in particular who had a habit of rushing in. Isabel wasn’t sure quite why she had volunteered except that she was the team leader and had felt a sudden powerful urge to protect the blonde just as she’d done in leading her across the bridge.

Charlotte was just so impetuous.

The mechanism inside the cylinders clicked shut, trapping her hands and the huge ring swing upright lifting Isabel by the arms, her feet dangling until she slipped them into those designed for her feet and ankles. Another series of clunks rendered her completely helpless.

‘Ooooh,’ Charlotte said coming to stand in front of her. ‘If only my handth were free.’ She leant forward and ran her captive tongue over Isabel’s right nipple. ‘Thethe lovely nipth wouldn’t be thafe.’

‘Did I miss something?’ Asked Priya watching the pair.

‘Bit of a homo-erotic moment on the bridge,’ Tiffany said.

‘Glad I missed it,’ said Priya pulling face.

‘Says the woman that spent most of it squirming under my tongue,’ said Tiffany with a smirk; then added, ‘Mistress.’

‘You were very good,’ Priya said, her hand sliding over Tiffany’s large white bottom.

‘Thank you, Mistress.’ Tiffany sidled closer.

‘And still in bondage, I see.’ Priya’s caresses continued.

‘Yes, Mistress,’ Tiffany said with delight. ‘You could pretty much make me do anything you wanted.’

‘Oh, ged a room you dwo,’ Isabel said, locked helplessly in the frame, then added, ‘Charlodde! Will you thdop that.’

‘Of courthe, Misdress,’ Charlotte said in a reasonable imitation of Tiffany’s squeak despite the ring linking her tongue to her nipples and the nasal hook.’

Isabel made a show of turning her head and trying to turn in her bonds, noticing as she did so that the pull of her tongue on her nipples only increased the sensations that Charlotte’s tongue were creating. ‘Did anythin’ happen?’ She asked. ‘Thecret door…panel?

‘Were you expecting something to happen?’ Professor Kink stood in the doorway to his office.

Isabel recognised him instantly from a picture she’d seen. They’d not met him briefly; they'd arrived at the Escape Room but they knew of him; he was the one who had put up the money and, she gathered, designed the scenario and equipment. She’d tried to look him up but there was very little available; ‘reclusive genius’ was a phrase that came up a lot and conspiracy theories abounded; one site she’d found said he was ‘intensely charismatic’. He was certainly quite handsome. He wore a version of the suit over a leanly muscled frame. There was a military style coat hung around his shoulders and he was holding a gun like the one Commander Songsten had used. Isabel got the impression from the glint in his eye that he would have few scruples about using it.

‘You’ve rather disappointed me,’ he said, gesturing for them to raise their hands although Priya was the only one capable of complying and Isabel’s already were. ‘The great escaper, Isabel Schwarz, falling for the Red Herring but I’m here to play a role so I’m going to launch in to my supervillain spiel about you doing so well and banging on about my plans to use my suits to create an army of loyal slaves here in my top-secret underwater lair…’ He sniggered theatrically. ‘About how I’m here with three dozen submissive sex toys who are conditioned to be gagging for it from the moment they wake up to the moment they go to sleep and probably enjoy sadomasochistic dreams between times as far as I know. Women whose bodies I can shape at will and who’s clothing I can make as brief and degrading as I choose.’

He smiled evilly. ‘And about how I ‘m about to acquire four more; the brilliant Isabel Schwarz, the gorgeously sexy Charlotte Scarlet, the delightfully demure and deliciously needy Priya Prince and hot chick Tiffany Tease. You are going to be a real addition to my collection.’

‘We thtill have dime to eshcabe,’ Isabel said defiantly.

Kink looked at the clock. ‘Seventeen minutes,’ he smiled, ‘I’ll make sure it’s a long speech.’

Isabel turned to look at the clock, regretting it as the movement pulled in her nipples. Part of her thought she should berate him now he was here; he might be playing the role of the mad scientist but what he had put them through was way beyond anything they had expected.

‘I must say, Miss Schwarz.’ Kink continued. ‘I’ve rather enjoyed watching your transformation from cool, calculating scientist to hot palpitating sex toy. Before you entered here, you wouldn’t have dreamed about that kiss on the bridge with the lovely Miss Scarlett and now you’re barely able to get it out of your head. The Isabel Schwarz who entered this scenario wouldn’t have dreamed of submitting herself to the ring in which you find yourself captive.’ He smiled. ‘From what I’ve seen of your work before you usually allow Miss Scarlett here to take the fall.’

Isabel saw Charlotte glance up at her, a look of betrayal in her eyes.

‘And if I’m honest, I was rather hoping to find the lovely Miss Scarlett as the fly in my little trap.’

It was Isabel’s turn to feel betrayed; her sharp mind upstaged by Charlotte with her slim athletic tanned body and her neat little breasts and perfect smile…and her cobalt blue eyes and those soft lips which a short while ago were brushing her own.

She’d never knowingly sent Charlotte into a punishment cell although there had been a few occasions when she could have stopped her and, equally, a few times when she had thought that allowing her to cool off in the sin bin might curb her impetuousness…

Helpless on the ring, Isabel looked at Charlotte; that perfect body displayed in those figure hugging straps that dimpled her taut tanned flesh alluringly and that tight, tight cord that disappeared between her perfect buttocks. The blonde’s body was just so gorgeous it was distracting…

She knew she had to escape but she was all out of ideas.

‘Tho you’ve god uth, Professor,’ Charlotte said in honeyed tones despite the gag, stepping forward to stand before him, lifting her head in a way that Isabel saw also lifted her little breasts. ‘And you’ve god me doo.’ She leant forward. ‘Afder all, I’m compledely helplethth.’ She sauntered past him displaying her body in the way Isabel had seen her do many times; flirting, flaunting her looks to get what she wanted. ‘I mutha thay,’ Charlotte continued. ‘Thith hath been one of the bethd ethcape roomth I’ve done.’ She turns and presses herself against him giving him the full pressure of her tight perfect body and her little perfect breasts with their hard dark, newly pierced nipples poking out, stiff and erect. ‘And thith bondage…’ She struggled theatrically in a way that makes her breasts jiggle. ‘It jutht maketh me tho hot.’ She shook her head to dislodge a stray hair, her nipples following the movement.

‘I’m glad you enjoyed it, Miss Scarlet,’ Kink said. ‘I am rather proud of my little suits.’

‘Oh, Profetthhor,’ Charlotte pressed her body against his. ‘You seem to know exactly how a girl wants to be treated.’ She lifted her mouth towards his. ‘Why don’d you jutht take her down and pud Charlodde in her place. Juthd like you wanded her.’ As she kissed him on the jaw, her blue eyes flicked up to look at Isabel.

‘You bidch!’ Isabel called down in a way that conveyed the blonde’s betrayal.

It was enough.

Professor Kink turned, distracted and looked up at Isabel and at that moment Charlotte struck, bringing one of her perfect thighs up between Kink’s legs. Only Isabel saw the broad smile of pleasure that had as much to do with her plan succeeding as it did with the way the strands of suit between her legs tightened deliciously against her sex; they did much the same as she kicked the gun from his hands allowing Priya to catch it and, by the time she spun on the point of her toes to kick him in the face with her booted foot she was almost on the verge of orgasm.

Breathless, she leant down on the desk pressing her suit against the override and told it to free her hands and her tongue but to leave the delicious crotch rope in place. Isabel spotted that she was so pleased with her own performance that she completely forgot about the nose hook.

She raised a hand to her face. ‘Oh…’ She stopped herself.

‘You can do it again,’ Priya urged.

‘There’s only two charges left,’ Charlotte said, her fingers stroking her tortured nose. ‘And we need one to get Izzy out.’

‘Then you can use the other one to put me back into bondage,’ said Priya hopefully.

---

They released Isabel from the ring and cuffed a groaning Professor Kink with handcuffs they found in his desk; then Charlotte used the release to free Isabel’s tongue.

‘Come on,’ Isabel said, relieved at the new freedom of her tongue but disappointed that her nipples were no longer being teased. She couldn’t resist playing with the rings.

‘Don’t forget this one,’ Charlotte said, her fingers brushing Isabel’s clit ring.

‘Fifteen minutes,’ Isabel said.

‘You know Izzy…’ Charlotte said. ‘Sometimes…’

‘Fourteen and forty three,’ Isabel said, making herself turn away. ‘We have a final puzzle to solve.’

‘Isabel Schwarz,’ Charlotte sighed resignedly. Then she turned to the others. ‘Come on.’

Charlotte led them again, carrying the Professor’s gun.

In the main engineering bay there were almost a dozen black suited figures, some working at consoles and two working on a Hunter which stood motionless by a large control panel. One of those working on the Hunter was driving a Worker. Isabel couldn’t help but recall the professor’s words; most the woman were bare breasted with rings in their nipples and most like her had bare sexes too; again pierced; all their waists were nipped tight in corseted suits and they had high collars and sheer hoods from which ponytails cascaded; they tottered en-point, some with ‘hooves’ and some with tiny points like Charlotte’s; on two of the women, the suits had taken up the appearance of rubber lingerie with bras that gave them conical breasts and knickers that stretched tight and shiny over their bottoms; straps like suspenders supported what looked like black rubber stockings. Then there were the glistening dildos protruding from the saddle of the Hunter.

‘I want everyone to remain calm,’ Charlotte called out before raising the gun and firing.

There was a loud explosion above and pellets of flaming metal rained down.

Isabel touched her shoulder. ‘We’re in main engineering, my love.’ She wasn’t quite sure what had made her say it and she blushed. ‘Probably not good to discharge plasma weapons.’

‘Sorry,’ Charlotte looked at her. ‘I just wanted to get their attention.’

She clearly had it.

‘Everybody out.’

Most had left already but they watched the women in the worker slip out the the harness and lift herself somewhat reluctantly off the dildo saddle to follow the last two of her colleagues as then tottered through the door, one clearly in the process of being restrained and another in the process of having her screams muffled by a gag.

Charlotte ran to the door and shut it then pointed the weapon at the lock and melted it.

‘I always wanted to do that too.’ She beamed. ‘I can’t believe this is a real ray gun.’

‘What did he mean about keeping us here?’ Priya said. ‘That stuff about his army of loyal sex slaves and adding us to it.’

Isabel frowned. ‘It was a bit weird.’

‘This whole thing has been a bit weird,’ Priya said. ‘I mean, it’s quite a good adult plot…few holes obviously…really realistic but…’ She paused. ‘Just how did he get a ray gun or plasma weapon or whatever to work and how do these suits work?’

‘We’ll know in eleven and a half minutes.’

‘I’m not sure I’d mind staying,’ Priya said. ‘I quite like the idea of being a hot, palpitating sex toy.’

‘I seem to recall that was what he called Isabel,’ Charlotte said, still holding the gun.

‘I’m happy with ‘delightfully demure and deliciously needy’,’ Priya said with a smile.

‘Eleven minutes…’ Isabel said. ‘Or we may all be trapped here.’

There was a heavy clunk on the door.

‘We need to activate the mechanism to release the base,’ Isabel said.

There was a second clunk and the door began to buckle.

‘I think they’re about to break in,’ Charlotte said. ‘And we only have one gun.’

‘There’s a Worker over there, one of us could use that,’ Tiffany said. ‘Not me obviously.’ She turned to show her bound hands.

‘Two of us can hold them off and two can solve the puzzle.’ Suggested Priya.

‘But who…’ Isabel said. She knew she should really solve the puzzle but she had driven one of the Workers before and, besides, Priya couldn’t…

‘I’m going to take this one,’ Priya said striding towards the worker.

‘But…’ Isabel said. ‘The dildo’s…’

‘Sometimes a girl has to take one for the team,’ Priya called back, mounting the leg of the Worker and throwing her own leg over the saddle. ‘Besides, I haven’t even worked out how I’m going to tell my mother why my nipples are pierced.’ She straddled the saddle and then very deliberately lowered herself into place. ‘Oh gods, that feels good.’ Then she looked at them with a smile. ‘It does mean I’ll have to marry a white boy though.’

Isabel watched the harness restrain her, the strange tubes attaching themselves to her nipples before the visor and bit slid into place.

Isabel took a step towards the unoccupied Hunter.

‘No, this one’s mine…’ Charlotte blocked her path.

‘But…’

‘Izzy, you’re the brains of the outfit, you can solve this puzzle.’ She grinned in that way that Charlotte did, all pretty dimples and white teeth that usually made Isabel want to smash her face in. ‘Besides, I really want those dildos inside me right now.’

‘But…’ Isabel protested. She too wanted to mount the Hunter, to feel the tubes on her nipples and the dildos inside her.

‘You’ve got the gun,’ Isabel said.

‘Actually I used the last charge on the door,’ Charlotte said, looking slightly sheepish.

‘Oh!’ Isabel couldn't help but smile.

‘Suit!’ Charlotte said, lifting her hand. ‘Restrain her.’ She touched the disc to Isabel’s suit.

‘No!’ Isabel struggled but, as before, she could not prevent her arms being dragged behind her back and held there.’

‘Sorry, Izzy,’ Charlotte with a wink. ‘You’re just so cute when you concentrate, and that bondage really makes your tits stick out.’

Isabel looked down; her breasts might not be as big as Tiffany’s but they had definitely grown and standing with her arms pressed together from the elbows down made them stand out.

When she looked up, it was to find Charlotte standing right in front of her. With her arms restrained, there was nothing she could do when Charlotte put a fist in her hair and kissed her full on the lips.

When the blonde pulled away, Isabel stood staring, open mouthed.

‘You’ve no idea how long I’ve wanted to do that,’ Charlotte said, wiping her mouth with her finger. ‘But I guess to you, I’ll always be the dumb blonde.’ A sad expression crossed her face and she turned away then looked back over her shoulder. ‘Though you’ve got to admit I’m cute.’

She tottered away on the tiny pointed shoes swinging her perfect bottom with the toy black thong disappearing between her cheeks.

---

Isabel had watched Charlotte mount the Hunter, watched her impale herself on the dildos with a howl of pleasure, watched the harness restrain her and the tubes bite onto her nipples and the visor and bit push across her face when she heard Tiffany calling…

‘Mistress?’

Isabel looked away as Charlotte took her first confident step in the Hunter with a whoop of pleasure. ‘Weapons shysthems on-line.’ She cried around the bit between her teeth. ‘Logg and load.’

Tiffany was standing there beside her, slightly crouched as if the weight of her huge breasts were dragging her forward. ‘Mistress, we have eight minutes to solve the code and release the station.’

At that moment, Priya cried out a warning and Isabel looked up to see the door burst open.

A squad of black suited guards ran in, toting guns they had carried in the videos. All of them seemed very much in control of all their movements. They were backed up by two Hunters and Isabel saw a third in the corridor behind.

Priya guided her worker forward and Charlotte advanced her Hunter.

‘Will there be enough time, Mistress?’ Tiffany asked.

‘We’ll manage,’ Isabel laughed. ‘I’m the brains of the outfit, remember.’ She glanced across at Charlotte in the Hunter, a smile playing on her lips then looked at Tiffany who appeared slightly skeptical despite her submissive demeanour but lowered her cobalt blue eyes in face of Isabel’s challenging gaze.

Then, Isobel Schwarz, escape room champion turned her attention to the control panel as hell was unleashed around her.
