---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/zip.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Zip
authors:
- Rath
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- zipties
- forced
- reluct/cons
- X
date: 2007-10-26 00:00:00
---

Gloria sighed as she walked in the front door to her apartment, remembering another boring day at work. Guess I'll go get a shower then start some dinner, she mused as she walked toward the bedroom. The thought of pleasuring herself in the shower crossed her mind but she decided that work had been so boring so as to dull the libido right out of her. She walked through the doorway into her bedroom and began unbuttoning her blouse.

As the last button slipped free of its hole she heard a swish behind her and suddenly two hands grabbed her roughly, one wrapping around her mouth and the other circling around her right arm and chest to grab her left hand as it raised to fight back.

“Now don’t make any loud sounds and I won’t have to shove that pretty little blouse down your throat. Got it?”

She nodded and the hand withdrew from her mouth to grab her other hand, pulling both behind her back.

“What do you think you’re doing!” she demanded as something was slipped up each arm to her elbows and the opposite hand was bent up to meet it.

“Now what did I just warn you about? I guess you just can’t keep your pretty little mouth shut can you?” The voice whispered in her ear as the loop of plastic that was forced up her arms was now slid over the wrist they were next to. “The time for you to open your mouth will come soon enough, darling but until then I guess I’ll have to keep you quiet.”

As she heard this she realized what was about to happen to her and renewed her struggles, trying to twist her arms away from her assailant’s grip. The man simply sighed as he pressed his shin against the back of her knees and dropped onto her back as she fell to the floor. One knee went over the center of her still bent arms and his hand quickly lifted her unbuttoned blouse over her head before she could regain her senses enough to see his face. He returned his attentions to her arms and soon she heard a telltale ziiip! And another ziiip! As two cable ties tightened around her forearms and wrists locking them very tightly to each other. He shifted his weight back, leaving her to struggle to free her hands from the plastic grasp. As he watched her twist he imagined the breasts that were crushed against the rough carpet and bra that lie underneath her. He didn’t imagine though, and she didn’t yet notice that while she writhed her nipples had hardened as they scratched about underneath her.

“Hey you’ve no right to do…”

“You certainly are an impatient one aren’t you?” He exclaimed as he shifted his attentions to the blouse over head. “Don’t worry dear I haven’t forgotten that gag I promised you.”

The blouse apparently significantly arranged over her eyes and mouth now, a hand pressed her head down as the other reached away. Another large loop slipped over her head and down to her mouth. She clamped down with her jaw as hard as she could but to no avail as he patiently worked it between her teeth and tightened the gag down. He then turned her over onto her arms and as she began flailing her legs picked her up and dropped her a few feet away onto the bed.

“Thank you for coming up her so close to the bed and for saving me the trouble of taking your blouse off.” He mused as he grabbed a handful of breast, both of them now noticing the engorged nipple as his fingers contacted it. “You really have been a gracious hostess so far but I’m happy to make myself at home from here.”

The intruder now reached down and unfastened her pants and pulled them free, trying to dodge the flurry of kicks as she continued to struggle. As he tugged her panties free a kick connected squarely with his chest but to her dismay he was completely unphased and removed the last piece of her modesty. Her struggles renewed as she felt another loop of plastic start to slip up her leg. After some effort and a few more kicks, he managed to work it all the way up her leg, brushing against her most sensitive region as his hand moved back to Gloria’s foot.

Confused, her efforts ebbed as a shiver swept from her body in response to the hand that had just brushed across her womanhood. Suddenly another ziiip! brought her back to reality as the cable tie secured her leg in a bent position, biting into her thigh. Now with no need to worry about being struck by free limbs the attacker quickly subdued the remaining leg and passed the zip tie up it, this time slowly, taking care to trace the tip of his finger up the inside of her thigh as he moved and sensing the ensuing quiver that ran through her body. Ziiip! The final cable tie slid into place ensuring that Gloria could no longer put up much resistance to her attacker.

The intruder now moved around her and dragged her to the end of the bed, letting her head hang over the end. A case from a pillow that had just been knocked off the bed was wrapped over her eyes and tied tight behind her head before a pair of scissors slid under the zip tie gag, cutting it loose. Before she could offer more than a squeak to the attacker he shoved his now nearly-erect penis into her mouth. “No biting now dear. I’m sure you know this works better without using your teeth and you wouldn’t like to know what will happen if you do.”

At first Gloria recoiled, trying to force the foreign object from her mouth. This wasn’t the first time she’d had a cock in her mouth but it certainly was the first time one had without her putting it there. As he simply pushed further toward her throat she realized the only way she was going to get this cock out of her mouth and slowly began working her tongue over the tip and sucking on it. The penis pumped slowly in and out of her mouth as he grabbed her hair with one hand and freed her breast from the bra to begin stroking it with the other.

“See now we’re having fun… Hey!” exclaimed the assailant as a tooth scraped against his shaft. The hand that had been gently stroking her breast before now clamped down decidedly on her nipple, eliciting an audible squeal from her full mouth. He withdrew his now engorged cock from her mouth and quickly replaced it with yet another zip tie, this time tightening it noticeably tighter than before.

“Well if you are no longer going to be a gracious hostess I suppose I’ll have to find another way to amuse myself darling.” He mused as he pulled her to another side of the bed with her legs hanging over this time and forced her restrained legs apart to approach her womanhood. His cock rested on the outside of her lips for a moment before pushing roughly in, accompanied by a tweak of her already abused nipple.

“Well I’m glad to see you’re ready for me down here too.”

His cock rammed into her again and again at a brisk pace pushing her back on the bed. He grasped the cable ties that encircled her thighs and pulled her back, impaling her once again. This time he stayed buried for a few seconds as the ties on her legs tightened a few more notches each. Gloria writhed around with the cock deep inside of her, not sure anymore if her movements were the result of her desire to escape or her desire to escape it. Slowly the penis began to pump in and out of her again and then quickly picked up speed and force, bolstered by the force of the hands which grasped her bindings. The intruder slammed into her again and again until she gasped with pleasure as he emptied his load deep inside her pussy. His spent manhood withdrew from her as the scissors snipped away the cable ties that held her legs and moved to the gag.

“I don’t think I’ll hear any more complaints from you now will I?” The intruder asked as he snipped away the cable tie and sat her up, moving to her wrists.

“Will I?” He reiterated as her hands were freed.

“Well, it could have used more hair pulling. But other than that it was quite good, Ethan.”

“I’ll have to remember that.” Remarked her boyfriend, “What time do you get home tomorrow?”
