---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Extreme Mummy
authors:
- Chris
tags:
- Sbm
- F/m
- slave
- wrap
- tape
- tacks
- glue
- cocoon
- stuck
- mast
- climax
- cons
- XXX
date: 2006-05-02 00:00:00
---

Her slave was driving her crazy. He keep asking to be made a mummy. She
would do it and it would not be strict enough or hard enough. She had, had
enough. She ordered him to handcuff himself to the bed, blindfold himself and
wait for her. She would fix him once and for all. He followed her instructions
and waited handcuffed to the bed. He was nude and had used veet to remove all
the hair from his body, including his head. His skin was soft because of the
veet he used last night.

She went to the store while
he waited and bought what she would need. A case of duct tape, ten rolls of
kitchen plastic wrap, a case of super glue, a case of thumb tacks, some cable
ties and a roll of cotton rope. When she returned home her slave was waiting.
From the play chest she removed a giant anal plug with pump and vibrator
control. She spread his legs wide and shoved it into him, he squealed as she
pushed it all the way in. She did not care if it hurt, this was not for his
pleasure, it was for hers. She then pumped it up ten pumps as he screamed.

"I need for you to be quite" She said. She reached down and removed her
panties. She stuffed these into his mouth. She then went to the cloths hamper
and removed another pair that she pushed in on top of the other pair "There
that will keep you quite."

Next she retrieved the new vibrating penis plug,
it was plastic and about 5 inches long and as round as a small marker. It just
fit inside, she shoved it into his shaft all the way. Next she used a tube of
the super glue and sealed the end of his shaft closed. She covered the tip of
the shaft and waited for it to dry. While waiting she applied super glue to
his anal plug sealing it inside him. She added another vibrator inside his ass
cheeks and then pulled his ass cheeks together. She squeezed move super glue
inside his ass cheeks holding them together, ten tubes were used. He was now
sealed up nice and tight. She made sure the wires for his vibrators were
pulled clear of the glue.

Now she
started tying his legs together with the rope, wrapping it and clenching it
between his legs pulling them tighter and tighter. She used lots of rope
making sure his legs were sealed together from hips to ankles. Move super glue
was applied to the inside of his legs making sure they would stay together.
She now worked on his feet. Cable ties were applied to his toes sealing them
together. Then super glue was rubbed between them sealing them further
together solid. Now she moved to his upper body. She uncuffed his hands from
the bed and put them at his sides. She applied rope to seal them tightly to
his sides. Once sealed there she applied more of the tubes of super glue up
and down the inside of his arms, sealing them to his sides.

Next came his
fingers, she cable tied them together like his feet and then rubbed super glue
between them. She watched as they stopped moving caught in the glue. This made
her feel wet down below, she was surprised at herself. The tighter she tied
him, the hornier she got. Next she moved to his head. The leather blind fold
was first, she applied super glue around it's edges sealing it to his face.
She next pushed ear plugs into his ears, then came wax dripped into his ears
over the plugs to seal off sound. Last she poured a tube of super glue into
each ear and sealed them shut. Next came the nose, she pushed tubes up both
holes and then sealed them there with super glue. Last came the mouth. She
removed the panties and shoved a pump up gag in his mouth. She pumped it up
fifteen times sealing his mouth and filling it to the brim. She then applied
super glue to his lips sealing them together. He was now forced to breath
through the tubes in his nose only. She watched as he started to breath
through the tubes.

Now on to the next step. She left him and started tearing off strips of
duct tape and laying them on the kitchen table. On these strips she placed
thumb tacks the top of the tacks sticking to the duct tape. She made about 50
strips of different sizes then carried them into the bedroom. She rolled him
off the bed and stood him up next to the foot of the bed and the nice tall
post of her four poster bed. She quickly placed several strips of duct tape
sealing his legs and chest to the post. Next she started adding the strips of
tacks up his body. Starting at his feet she wrapped the tack covered tape up
his body. Up his legs to his waist. She wrapped several strips over his shaft
and down between his legs as much as she could. She then continued up his body
stopping just below his nipples. These required special attention. She skipped
over them and continued up to his neck using all the tack strips. When she
finished the tack strips covered his entire body but for his head and nipple
area. He had moaned and yelped as she applied the tacks, but he was in for
more pain then he could dream of. She laughed and felt between her legs. God
this was making her so wet. She fingered herself for a few minutes and then
decided she better continue.

She got into the toy chest again and removed the clover nipple clips.
These she applied to his nipples and then sealed on with rubber bands holding
them tight. Next she again applied a tube of super glue over the clips sealing
them there. She was almost finished with stage two. She checked his body
sealing his shaft to his stomach with super glue adding some glue here and
there to make sure everything was tight. She decided to give him some fun on
his nipples. She glued vibrators to both nipples over the clips.
Then she decided he needed move vibrators. She glued two to his ball
sack, coving it in glue. Added one to his belly button again sealing with
glue.

Finally finished she was ready for stage three. She begin by using the
last of the glue rubbing it over his entire body including his head covering
him in it. Next she started wrapping plastic wrap up his body the wrap stuck
to the glue and pushed the tacks deep into him. The wrap was sealed in place
to his body holding the tacks into him. She wrapped all the way up over his
head making sure the hoses were clear and the wires for all the vibrators were
free. She wrapped up and down his body until all ten rolls were used. He was
sealed so tight he could not move anything, not even a finger. She was hornier
then hell.

She played with her self again for a few minutes before starting
the last layer of his bondage. Next came duct tape, layer after layer of it.
From toes to head she covered his immobile body in tape, roll after roll of it
pushing the tacks deep into him, but he could not make a sound. Finally all
the tape was gone and her mummy was finished, sealed to her bed for her
pleasure. Last she connected the wires to all the vibrators to her control box
and started the program on her computer. Each vibrator would turn on and off
controlled by the computer. Some times they would all run on high or some
would run on low just enough to tease. The computer would tease him day and
night.

She laid back on the bed looking at her silver mummy and wondering what
he was feeling right now. She liked him like this. She wondered how long he
would last. She had planned to remove him from the bondage in a few days. It
would be fun to remove all the glue and the skin that would come with it. She
would wait and see how she felt. This really turned her on as she begin
fingering her self and playing with her nipples with the other hand. It did
not take long for her to come to a powerful orgasm. She looked at her prize,
"maybe I will keep you this way for as long as you last, it would be easy to
get rid of your body later." She started taking herself toward another
orgasm as she watched the mummy sealed to the bed.
