---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Night Out
authors:
- Smoothski
tags:
- MF
- FF
- latex
- catsuits
- dance
- toys
- oral
- sex
- cons
- X
date: 2006-03-17 00:00:00
---

My phone goes, I answer and am
pleasantly surprised to find it is you. You ask me if I would like to meet you
at a bar tonight. I tell you that I would love to. You give me the address and
we say goodbye. I think of little else for the rest of the day and I rush to
catch a cab when I finish work.

I arrive at the bar and walk inside. It is
somehow darker, more mysterious than I had expected, lit with a neon glow. I
arrive to find you seated on a stool at the bar and I notice that you are
wearing your black rubber catsuit and stiletto heeled boots. I am even more
surprised to see that you are not alone, as on a stool next to you sits
another woman, dressed in a red rubber catsuit and boots to match.

You look up
from your conversation as I arrive, greet me with a kiss and introduce me to
your friend, "You remember Scarlet?" you ask and of course now I do,
except she has become a brunette.

"Nice to see you both again,
champagne?" I ask.

"That would be lovely!" you both purr and I
order .

We toast each other and I compliment you both on how fabulous you
look, god I am excited by you and your friend.

We finish the first bottle and
I am about to order another when you ask, "Shall we dance?" and
before I know it I am following you both to the dance floor, feeling myself
harden as I watch your beautiful rubber-clad arses, zips dividing your cheeks,
as you walk across the room.

I feel myself submerge into the beat, watching
you and Scarlet gyrate in rubber before me, seeing you hold each others gloved
hands, gliding your bums against one another.

We salsa together, one second
you are astride my thigh, then you are sensuously dancing against Scarlet. I
see your rubber-clad pussy moving against her red second skin as you glide
over her thighs.

I am so turned on, I can look nowhere else and watch as
Scarlet places her hands on your arse as you move towards me.

We three dance
ever closer together, our bodies rubbing one another enjoying the raw
sensation of our sexuality.

I see you share a comment with Scarlet, kiss her
gently on the lips, then whisper in my ear, "Are you ready to play
yet?"

I smile at you both and reply, "I think I am" and before
I know it we have arrived back at my hotel suite. I sit back into my chair and
you bend your glistening, smooth body over me, your gloved hand slipping
inside my shirt. I feel your latex fingers stroke my nipples and run down to
my fly and I am soon naked before the pair of you, my cock hard at the sight
of you both.

We kiss and you ask me to slide your pussy open, I take the zip and pull
gently watching the latex part, revealing just enough to see your slit in the
light. I am just about to lick it when you tell me, "not yet" and
you walk to stand in front of Scarlet.

You both hold one another, look at me
and you say, "Watch us!"

You turn and kiss Scarlet deeply, your
tongues tingling and you feel her rubber-clad hands floating over you body,
pressing, pressing, rubbing , you feel so horny, revelling in the illicit,
knowing you shouldn't enjoy this, especially as I'm watching, oh the shock if
anyone found out, yet loving every latex-clad second.

You gasp as Scarlet's
gloved fingers enter you, your body tingling against its second skin and you
turn to look at me once more.

I gently stroke my shaft as I watch Scarlet's
red latex fingers fuck you, entranced by the two gorgeous latex bodies
entwined before me.

"Pervert" you say to me smiling.

"I
wouldn't have it any other way, I love sharing this with you" I reply and
I hand you the chrome vibrator I have found by the bed. You take it in your
latex-covered hand and marvel at how sensual the mirrored surface looks,
reflecting your shining black catsuit.

"Fuck me" Scarlet says and
kisses you on the ear lobe, her hair brushing your face.

You look down at her
as she lies back on the bed, spreading her legs for you and you think how
fantastic she looks covered from head to toe in skin-tight red rubber. You
slide the zip of her catsuit down over her pussy and then your lips are upon
her, caressing her slit, sucking her juice, your pussy throbbing in
excitement.

From my seat I admire your arse, watching your pussy, lust
enveloping me as you balance on your heels in front of me. I pull on the
condom I find by the bed, unusual I haven't tried one like this before and as
you continue to lick Scarlet's slit, I enter you from behind thrusting deep
inside you, hearing you gasp in surprise as I move against your tight pussy,
the ribs of the condom rubbing against your clit.

You push the chrome vibrator
against Scarlet's clit, watching the pleasure on her face, then as I fuck you
harder, you push it inside her making her moan as we synchronise our thrusts
together.

"Enough" you cry "I need to taste you"

You turn
and kiss me, I can taste Scarlet on your tongue and you push me back into the
chair.

Your gloved fingers pull the condom from my dick and your lips fall
onto the head of my cock, your fingers gliding over my shaft and I marvel at
my two rubber-clad angels pleasuring me so.

Scarlet smiles at me and bends
down behind you, your mouth tightens around my cock as you feel her lips slide
over your wet clit and you grip my shaft harder, touching, yet your latex
gloves not allowing contact with my throbbing dick.

Scarlet slides the
vibrator against your clit, you stop sucking me for a moment savouring the
pleasure, my hands rubbing the latex over your breasts and then you feel
Scarlet push the chrome phallus inside you, fucking you as you suck me.

You
wank me harder, feeling the vibrator enter you faster and as the first moan of
orgasm hits you, I explode against your tongue, the taste of me filling your
mouth, Scarlet’s tongue on your clit, the vibrator deep inside you, your
pleasure lasting forever.

You turn and kiss Scarlet, I can see you share my
juice on your tongues and I join you on the bed to lie beside your gleaming
latex-covered bodies, holding you both against me, you are mine and she is
yours.

"Weirdo" I whisper.

"Hopefully forever!" you reply
and we sink, smiling into the bed ...
