---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Footstall
authors:
- boytoy
tags:
- F-m
- D-s
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2004-03-30 00:00:00
---

**The Footstall**
by boytoy
The Footstall by boytoy

“Be a good little boy while I’m gone” was the last thing i heard as
You padded out of the room to change.

Not like there was much i could do anyway, considering my situation.
After all, how much trouble could i get into while bound, gagged and blindfolded
on my hands and knees to this footstool? If it wasn’t humiliating enough
i was drooling around the ballgag, i was leaking profusely from my cock
despite the fact Mistress had roped it and my balls up good and tight and
tied them off to the front two legs of the footstool where my hands were
bound with thick leather straps. my legs were strapped tight against the
other two legs with similar straps. my ankle cuffs were connected by a
short spreader bar, which was tied off to something unknown, since i could
barely raise my ankles an inch off the carpet.

I felt You enter the room before I actually heard You. This is always
the case when I’m blindfolded, the prey sensing the hunter long before
they saw or heard them. You glide slowly around my bound body, soaking
in scenery before stepping away to light some candles. Normally, hearing
the match strike would cause me to tense with anticipation, but being bound
as i am i know those are for mood setting rather than dripping on me. i
hear Your footsteps stop in front of me, Your hand lightly caresses my
head as You kneel down and whisper in my ear “Are you ready to get started
pet?”

I mumble a semi-coherant “Yes Mistress” through the gag.

“Good boy” You tell me as You pat my head and stand up to move around
me once again.

“Where to start, where on earth to start?” You mumble just loudly enough
for me to hear. You know how that torments me, the anticipation of what’s
coming. You stop at the coffee table where You set out the toys for this
evening’s games after binding and blindfolding me. i can tell You’re contemplating
what to use first. Come out hard and fast, or a slow tortuous build up?
i feel the riding crop being laid across my lower back. You slowly slide
up to my ear and whisper “If it falls, you get 15 on each cheek”

You move back behind me and i begin to realize what’s in store for me.
Ever so lightly Your fingers begin weaving slowly across my buttocks, a
light sensuous scraping that sets every nerve on fire with lust. Your fingers
dart and dive around me, never quite touching the one place i desperately
want them to go, in spite of the taut ropes. i feel Your fingers begin
to intrude into me, probing, thrusting in and out, loosening me up for
what’s next. Despite steeling myself for it, the cold splash of lubricant
still catches me off guard.

Once again, Your fingers begin their irresistible probing, lubricating
me as deeply as Your fingers will go. Satisfied, You slowly insert the
plug into my ass, stopping every so often to pull it back out slightly,
a slow inescapable torture that You play out for what seems like an eternity
to me. Finally, You settle the plug deep in my ass and pump it up so it
can’t come back out.

Picking up the crop You say “Now it’s My turn to have what I want little
pet” i hear the chair move in front of me, then You kneel beside me, remove
the gag and return to the chair. You reach out a stockined foot under my
chin, lift it slightly and command me to begin worshipping Your feet. i
dive hungrily into work, licking sucking, kissing everywhere i can possibly
reach, trying my best to prove my devotion. I hear the buzz of Your favorite
vibrator begin as I continue my quest to please You, and You begin to moan
and breath heavier as Your excitement builds. i take several of Your toes
in my mouth and suck hungrily at them as You near orgasm, and feel delighted
when You finally crash over the top, moaning and thrashing about in Your
chair.

“Very good pet” You commend me. “That was just the beginning”. i hear
You stand up, then I feel Your hand on my head as You pull me to You, commanding
me to lick as You thrust Yourself onto my tongue. Your hand guides my head
where You want it to go, pulling away from me as it suits You, keeping
me guessing and wanting more and more of Your sweet taste on my lips. This
time You pull away before giving in to Your arousal, and i hear You slide
Your panties down and remove them.

“These are for you pet” You tell me as You stuff them into my mouth,
Your juices mingling with my saliva.

“And this is for Me” i hear as You begin buckling the strap on dildo
around my mouth. I feel Your hand stroke it up and down, lubricating it
before You kneel in front of me and mount it doggy style. You slowly work
the phallus inside and out, reveling in the ecstasy of the moment. You
quicken Your pace, building Yourself up to that plateau that You’ll allow
Yourself to plunge from this time. Your scent is almost overpowering, driving
me wild with lust as all I can do is kneel behind You as You ride my face.

Satiated, you slowly slide Yourself back on the dildo until You’re pushed
up against my face, slowly wiggling Your ass against my face, knowing how
desperately I now want to lick it. You slide off the dildo slowly, then
stand to go get a drink of water, leaving me there with the strap on still
attached to my face. I lay there thinking how ridiculous I must look, a
puddle of drool on one end of me, a puddle of seminal fluid on the other
and a dildo strapped to my face.

You come back in and unstrap the dildo from my face, wrapping an ace
bandage around my mouth to keep the panties in that gag me.  You glide
behind me and begin tugging at the inflated plug in my ass, toying with
it, stretching my rectum in anticipation of the next invasion waiting for
it. You deflate the plug and pull it out of me, replacing it with the head
of Your strap on. Still wet from Your own lubrication, it slides into me
effortlessly. You start slowly, building the rhythm over time. Faster and
faster You begin to pump the dildo into me, until I’m moaning loudly into
the gag, begging for more and pleading for release.

Finally satisfied, You pull out of me and remove the strap on. i hear
You moving toys around on the table, and then feel the electric touch of
Your hand on my bound cock as You place a vibrating ring on it and turn
it to medium speed. “you have two choices pet. you may come, but know if
you do, I’ll expect you to lick up your mess when I release you, or you
can hold off and remain frustrated until after I return from My bath, I’ll
give you a real reward.” And with a kiss on the cheek and a stroke of Your
hand through my hair, I hear You walk away leaving me a moaning, leaking
struggling mess awaiting Your return.
