---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Dungeons and Dragons
authors:
- thepinkbishop
tags:
- FM+-f
- vr
- majick
- game
- bond
- rope
- gag
- leash
- chairtie
- oral
- mast
- chastity
- cons
- reluct
- X
date: 2025-07-13 00:00:00
---

### Part 7

#### Chapter 32: The Thieves’ Guild

---

Ellie wandered back towards the market square which seemed to be gearing up for another day of trading and, presumably, training new adventurers. It didn’t take her long to spot a suitable target, a typical Merchant with his purse on display. She thought briefly of Battle Babe’s instruction not to get into trouble but she also found her fingers itching to lift the purse. It was, she told herself, what she was supposed to be doing, after all and, before she knew it she was walking behind him, matching his stride. Then, as he stopped to examine the wares of a cloth stall, she brushed past him and enjoyed the thrill of XPs as she sauntered away clutching her prize.

That made her think about a Seduction and she glanced around. The alley she’d used and been used in the previous day seemed to beckon to her. There was the trader she’d kissed the previous day but her body wanted more.

‘This really isn’t the time,’ she muttered to herself, ‘stick to thieving.’

But it wasn’t as if she needed money.

She glanced around noting several ‘targets’ moving through the crowd; a handsome Warrior, a pretty redhead with dreadlocks in a white robe who she guessed must be a Druid. The robe was dirty and a little torn in places revealing a toned body beneath decorated with a number of tattoos; the girl’s nipples were pierced too. ‘She’d be up for a bit of a grope in the alley,’ Honey told her. Then she saw a man who was probably a rich Merchant and she wondered if she might be able to kill two birds with one stone.

She pulled her kimono open to display even more of Honey’s impressive breasts and was preparing to move when she saw the other thieves, two of them; leather clad; one with a moustache, the other with a scar on his face. She assumed they were training too but there was something about the focus of their attention, they weren’t looking at the Merchant, they were looking at her. She tried not to show she’d seen them though she was sure they knew she had. She tried to move naturally, stopping at a stall to browse before realising it sold farming implements. When she looked up they were still watching her and Honey told her she should explore her options.

BB had told her that if she wasn’t there at midday she’d be left behind. The dark alley was on the other side of the square, the wall nearest her showed no obvious handholds or anything to help her climb. There was a side street just past the next stall; from there she could probably make her way to the Saucy Adventuress. She turned, began to walk towards it but, glancing back, saw the two men begin to run towards her; Ellie began to run herself, turning the corner and running straight into another two leather clad figures.

They had her face down with her arms pinned behind her back before she could draw her dagger.

---

‘Keep still and nobody gets hurt,’ a voice said in Ellie’s ear, ‘our boss wants a word with you.’ The voice was mature, confident, rough.

Ellie didn’t struggle, there seemed no point against four of them; she didn’t bother to cry out either. Her previous experience suggested it was unlikely anyone would come to her aid and for some reason, the whole scene struck her as unreal, staged. Part of the plot.

One of the thugs knelt on her back and another held her wrists, the third was pinning her legs. She felt a rope looped around her wrists and pulled tight then knotted, then another around her elbows and Ellie grunted as that one was drawn tight too.

Ropes were tied around each of her ankles, not tight but enough to hobble her and another around her neck.

‘That should keep her under control,’ the one on her back sneered as he rose, leaving Ellie lying on her breasts in the dirt.

‘You’d better gag her,’ one of the others said, the one who’d been holding her legs; a girl.

‘What?’

‘She’s a Seductress,’ the female voice continued, ‘don’t want her talking to your dick and making you let her go. Othella won’t be impressed if you fuck up again.’

‘I didn’t fuck up last night,’ the man who’d knelt on her back said. ‘Anyway, I haven’t got a gag.’

‘Just as well some of us are prepared.’

‘And why are you carrying a gag? Been up to something kinky?’

‘In your dreams, Scargo,’ the girl said. ‘Housebreaking you twat. I prefer to tie up my victims rather then killing them.’

‘It was an accident,’ the man protested.

‘Shut it, Scargo,’ the mature voice said. ‘Just get on and gag her.’

‘Open,’ the voice that presumably was Scargo’s instructed and a hand pulled Ellie’s head back by her hair.

She obeyed and a large leather ball was pushed between her teeth before a strap was tightened behind her head.

‘Hood her,’ the one who seemed to be in charge said.

A leather hood was pulled over her head and then Ellie was lifted to her feet.

‘No trouble, bitch,’ Scargo said, clearly trying to sound menacing.

‘Leave it, Scargo,’ the girl said. ‘Just because she took your mark.’

‘Took my fucking dagger too!’ Scargo said.

‘Shut it. Both of you.’

The rope around Ellie’s neck jerked taut and she was forced to follow, leashed and helpless.

---

It was obvious they were leading her away from the square, through a series of twists and turns that reminded her a little of the route she’d followed Goldie along. She sensed alleys, people moving around her going about their business, that business probably becoming more furtive the further they ventured off the main streets. If anyone they’d passed was surprised to see a semi-naked girl hooded and gagged with her hands bound being led along by a group of leather clad villains who were probably, Ellie guessed, Thieves, they didn’t comment or attempt to query it. Finally, they stopped and she heard a fist rap on the wood of a door. A panel open.

‘Password?’ A voice hissed.

‘Phoenix.’ The leader said.

Inside the hood Ellie rolled her eyes.

A door opened and Ellie was led inside. Although she couldn’t see, she could almost imagine the scene, an out of the way warehouse, packing crates spilling contraband, perhaps a ring of thieves sitting playing cards…

She was led across a stone floor and through a door, presumably into their leader’s lair; wood scraped in the stone, a chair perhaps and she was pushed roughly back onto it. Part of her knew she should have been scared but somehow she wasn’t. After the previous night, there wasn’t anything worse that they could do to her except perhaps kill her which would be a shame but then, it was only a game.

‘What did you do on your vacation?’ Her college friends would ask.

‘Oh, I went on a fantasy adventure where I was gang raped then sold into slavery,’ she’d say. ‘How about you?’

One of her captors forced her legs apart and tied her ankles to the chair while someone else tied her bound wrists to the back of the chair.

‘These really are huge,’ the one called Scargo said and she felt his hands cup her breasts.

‘Leave it, Scargo,’ the female thief said.

‘Just having a bit of fun.’ Scargo squeezed Ellie’s nipples. ‘Are you jealous that I’m not fondling your tiny dumplings.’

‘Fuck off.’

Ellie heard a weapon being drawn, a blade, sliding from a sheath.

‘Stop it you two.’

The door closed and she was left alone.

---

#### Chapter 33: Mistress of Thieves

---

Ellie sat on the chair, hooded, gagged and tightly bound, straining to hear some clue as to what was happening. It was odd, she realised, far from being scared; in fact she felt excited, thrilled by this adventure, being kidnapped and tied up. It was as if the night in the pillory had purged all fear from her except the real anxiety that she might be late back and get balled out by Battle Babe.

She was a higher level now and that probably counted for something.

She did jump when the door opened.

She heard the click of heels.

‘The girl from the pillory...’ a voice said, a female voice… one with a north African lilt, Ellie thought.

‘I’d recognise these anywhere.’ A hand lifted Ellie’s right breast.

Ellie sat still in her bonds.

‘I can certainly see why you were so popular,’ the monologue continued. ‘Must have been quite a night.’ Fingers traced the remaining marks on Ellie’s breasts.

Ellie’s hood was removed and she shook her head releasing her hair.

‘Quite the movie star.’ The woman in front of Ellie was tall and dark, her hair short, tight curls on her head. She was strikingly beautiful, large almond shaped eyes, chiseled cheekbones and full, sensuous lips. She had a nice figure too, firm muscles, slightly full breasts beneath a plunging leather doublet a round bottom and toned thighs in incredibly tight purple leather breeches that outlined her sex. She wore thigh boots too, and a corset. She also, Ellie thought, looked slightly familiar.

‘You’ve caused quite a stir,’ the woman said.

‘Mmmm,’ said Ellie, feeling she was supposed to contribute to the conversation despite her gag.

‘Yes, I suppose it won’t hurt to take out your gag. It’s not as if I’m likely to be susceptible to your charms.’ There was, Ellie thought, something odd in the way she said it but she couldn’t quite put her finger on it.

The woman leaned in and Ellie smelt the leather of the woman’s clothing and her musky, spicy scent even as she looked at the dark cleavage right in front of her eyes, so close that as the gag came out it brushed against the dark flesh leaving a small trail of saliva as if she had licked it with her tongue. That’s when she remembered the woman’s features, not the same, of course, just similar. There had been a professor of ethics from a course she’d taken last semester, a woman who, if Ellie was honest, had kindled unexpected sensations in her. Somehow the familiarity added to her confidence like a reassuring presence although she knew anyone could be behind this avatar.

‘Thank you,’ she said, ‘are you going to tell me why I’m here?’

‘I think in these situations, it’s customary for me to ask the questions,’ the woman said with a degree of amusement in her voice, rich, deep, resonant.

‘You’re Othella,’ Ellie said.

‘Indeed,’ Othella said. ‘And you are Honey Trapp.’ She smiled. ‘Quite an amusing name you’ve chosen.’

‘Am I in some sort of trouble?’ Ellie asked as innocently as possible. She thought she had been in trouble with Professor Ashri once, in fact, she had wanted to be in trouble; hoping almost that she might have been made to stay behind after class. Her mind had wandered further.

‘There you go, asking again,’ Othella said leaning up against her desk dangling the gag from her fingers.

‘Sorry, Miss...’ Ellie stopped herself looking at the gag. ‘I think I’m just…. Well, you are…’ There was an edge to her voice she hadn’t expected and she knew it was Honey who put it there.

‘I’m what?’

‘Well, you are rather…appealing.’ She moved in the chair as much as she was able, tossing her head again. ‘I thought we might be able to come to some arrangement.’

‘If you’re trying to Seduce me, I believe that works the other way around.’ The gentle smile was there again, the amused tone.

‘Yes.’ Honey’s voice said.

‘I can assure you, Honey, I’m immune.’ Othella looked at her. ‘This is purely a business transaction, Ms Trapp. I am Othella, Mistress of the Thieves’ Guild and you are an unlicensed Thief.’

‘Is that a problem?’ The resonance was still there, Honey’s voice. ‘I mean it’s just a training ground, right? All those Merchants walking about with their purses hanging out.’

‘Yes, it is.’ Othella looked slightly surprised. ‘And gold star for noticing. Some of my students are Level 3 before they even notice.’ She put the gag on the desk and stood up. ‘But the other individuals, the ones you robbed are real characters and are off limits.’

‘Surely theft is open to anyone who can undertake it.’

‘Not in HomeTown and not without a license.’

‘Ok.’ Ellie nodded. ‘How do I get a license?’

‘You join the Thieves’ Guild.’

‘Can I join the Guild?’

‘No,’ Othella smiled. ‘You’re not a Thief.’

‘Ok,’ Ellie smiled back. ‘I promise not to rob anyone here again. We’re leaving town in an hour or two. So, if you’ll untie me…’

‘It’s not that simple.’

‘Do I have to pay some sort of forfeit?’ Honey’s voice was deliberately naive.

Othella nodded.

‘And that is…?’

‘A severe whipping. Sometimes mutilation or amputation. There’s always a bit of humiliation thrown in.’

‘And for a first offence?’ Ellie tried to hide her fear.

‘The same.’

‘Perhaps you could let me off…’ Honey’s voice resonated with Persuasion.

Othella laughed. ‘You’ll have to do better than that.’

‘Then kiss me.’ Honey’s voice came again.

‘I told you. I’m not interested.’

‘Then kiss me and prove it.’ Honey’s voice dropped a fraction.

‘I don’t have to…’

‘But you want to.’ Honey added another layer of resonance to her voice and her lips parted expectantly. The Seduction caught and then slipped.

‘I really don’t…’

‘KISS ME!’ She hadn’t expected that tone but she could now feel the Seduction catching again.

Othella stepped forward, suddenly unsure. ‘I…’

‘Kiss me!’ Honey insisted in a voice that was softer now but would not be ignored. ‘You know you want to try it…’

Othella bent and placed her lips against Ellie’s…against Honey’s. Warm…sensual. Honey could sense the sudden confusion in her captor’s demeanour, the Seduction catching more firmly. Ellie felt it and understood.

‘Tell me you didn’t enjoy it.’ Honey said when Othella broke away.

‘I…’

‘Again,’ Honey demanded. ‘Kiss me again.’

Othella did.

‘If you untied me, we could go over to that bed.’

The Thief looked confused for a moment and Ellie realised Honey had gone too far, her target slipping away.

‘Or you could just sit on my lap.’ Honey said shifting in her bonds and tossing her head, hair dancing. ‘It’s not as if I can stop you.’ She leant forward the fraction she was able displaying that body, flaunting its helplessness.

Othella looked down and her prisoner as if sizing her up then in a single motion, straddled her, booted feet planted on their side of the chair then slid her arms around Ellie’s neck

This time, their tongues met, Othella seemingly increasingly hungry for her, their bodies pressing together, the leather of the Thief’s doublet and boots smooth and cool against Ellie’s body.

‘Surely you’d like to explore this body.’ Honey said, the Thief’s breath mingling with her own and her breathing quicker than it needed to be. “All of it.’

‘Yes…that might be fun.’ Othella lowered her hands and pulled the kimono back off Ellie’s shoulders.

‘We should both be naked.’ Honey said, eyebrow arching knowingly, guiding the Seduction.

‘Yes…that might be fun.’ The Thief stood and began to undo her bodice.

Ellie watched, fascinated her body tingling with more than XPs as the Thief undid the laces of her doublet revealing firm breasts with dark, erect nipples.

‘If you untied me, I could help.’

Othella froze. Too much again.

‘Let’s not stop there.’ Honey’s voice was breathy, her arousal ill concealed, the arousal Ellie or, perhaps Honey, suddenly felt at the thought of seeing this woman naked.

Othella drew her dagger and it was Ellie who froze as the woman suddenly seemed to loomed over her but the Thief reached down and cut the kimono away, pulling the shreds of the material away and tossing them aside.

‘You did say you wanted us both naked,’ Othella said.

‘Yes.’ Ellie breathed. ‘Yes…’ Honey added breathily.

Othella dropped her dagger to the floor and undid her own briefs revealing a neatly shaved bush of dark curly hair. ‘I hope you don’t mind if I keep my boots on.’

‘Not at all.’ Ellie smiled, unable to stop herself wriggling on the chair. ‘I’m still wearing mine.’

‘Let’s see what you can do then.’ Othella stepped forward and Ellie leaned her head forward to kiss the tiny triangle of fuzz aware now of the full extent of the other woman’s arousal, her scent, the flush of her dark skin, subtle but obvious to her heightened senses. She felt the Thief’s fingers in her hair guiding her kisses lower. The Mistress of Thieves was clearly a woman who liked to be in control and Ellie now understood that this was the key to keeping the Seduction in place. Try to dominate and it would fail but she also felt that, with a woman like this, if she submitted too easily Othella might lose interest.

However, she still had to find a means of escape.

‘We should go over to my bed.’ Othella picked up her dagger and divided the bonds holding her to the chair.

‘You could free my hands,’ Ellie said, ‘I promise not to try anything.’

‘I could,’ Othella said, ‘but you’re my prisoner.’ She guided Ellie to her feet and led her to the bed, helping her lay down and lying beside her, holding her, kissing her again as her hands caressed Ellie’s body. ‘Anyway, I’m still not sure I can trust you.’

‘Oh,’ Ellie said, pouting gently, eyes cast down, looking at those breasts and those dark stiff nipples. ‘I am naughty sometimes.’

‘Then now’s the time to make amends.’

‘I thought you weren’t interested.’ Ellie lifted her eyes and saw the woman was smiling.

‘That was then.’ Othella said.

Ellie bent and kissed one of the nipples enjoying her own tingle of pleasure as she felt it swell at her touch. She moved to kiss the other one but Othella pulled her back.

‘There’s no rush,’ she purred, ‘why don’t we take our time?’

Ellie wanted to protest, to tell the woman there was a deadline, she had to meet Battle Babe and the party at lunchtime in the tavern but there was little she could do and, with Othella’s rising enjoyment, there was pleasure building in her own body. She took the nipple between her lips and caressed its tip with her tongue.

‘So persuasive.’

Ellie licked the nipple again.

‘Do a good job and I might let you off with just the humiliation,’ Othella said.

Ellie’s tongue stilled.

‘And a good spanking.’

‘I might enjoy that,’ Honey purred, echoing Ellie’s thoughts.

‘I don’t know how you did it,’ Othella said, clearly free now of the Seduction. ‘But since we’re here, I may as well make the most of it.’

‘But….’ The tingle in Ellie’s loins seemed to falter for a moment but then returned.

Othella laughed and guided Ellie’s lips to her other nipple.

---

Sometime later, still bound, Ellie lay on her side, running her tongue gently over the pink folds of Othella’s sex, the salty taste of the woman’s juices flooding her mouth. The Seduction may have faltered, but she had kept Othella’s interest as her lips and tongue had worked their way down the Thief’s body, kissing the warm dark skin, noting the scars of her encounters. She felt one of Othella’s hands slip into her hair, the tension in her grip confirmed the need Ellie could sense from the woman’s breathing and her soft murmurs. It was a reminder of her own need. Despite the multiple sexual encounters of her night in the pillory, her body was telling her she needed more, the quickening taking hold.

‘We could share the moment,’ Ellie suggested, ’please each other.’

‘We could,’ Othella said, ’but you’re the one making amends.’

‘Yes, Mistress.’ Ellie pressed her tongue in a little further, parting the surprisingly fleshy labia, her own lips brushing them. ‘It would be more fun for both of us though.’

She wasn’t quite sure why she was persisting along this line. If the Seduction was holding it was only by the barest threads and here she was trying to push it further. Was it her own needs making her take the risk?

‘Alright,’ Othella sighed, pushing herself up from the bed, ‘but I’m going to have to convince you you’ve been a bad girl.’

‘You did promise to spank me,’ Ellie rolled onto her back, lying on her bound hands as she parted her legs displaying herself, a movement that seemed to just happen.

‘I could, couldn’t I?’ Othella looked down at her with an expression of lust. ‘And I could do a lot more besides.’

‘I’m all yours.’ Ellie lifted her hips.

‘Yes, you are.’ Othella lifted her knee across Ellie’s shoulder, straddling her on all fours, facing away from her, then lowered her sex towards Ellie’s mouth.

Ellie lifted her head and kissed the woman’s clitoris then nearly cried out as her body responded to the touch of Othella’s tongue on her own sex.

---

#### Chapter 34: The Forfeit

---

It took Ellie a lot of willpower to control herself, to keep her tongue and lips working diligently on Othella’s sex while the other woman teased her own. She wanted nothing more than to thrash her head from side to side and scream as she let one orgasm after another wash over her; to enjoy a climax as violent as the one in the gutter outside the Merchant, Tabatha’s house. However, she managed to hold the building need for orgasm at bay as she pleased the dark haired, dark-skinned woman who, even naked, smelled of the scent of leather and exotic spice. Honey had warned her of the need to keep her own arousal in check here, to allow Othella at least one orgasm before she herself climaxed but this time seemed to have left the mechanics of this to Ellie. A task made vastly more difficult in this case by the fact that Othella was frighteningly skilled with her tongue for a woman who had, a short time earlier, professed no sexual interest in her helpless female captive.

Ellie was thus fit to burst when she felt Othella shudder, lifting her head briefly from between the blonde’s thighs and making a deep contented purr as the orgasm spread through her.

---

‘Please…’ Ellie finally succumbed and lay on the bed, her body quivering with need. It had been bad after she’d been forced to put herself into bondage and then please Tabatha but this was worse, far worse. ‘Please…’

Othella sat up, drawing her legs in and looked down at Ellie, her expression and the look in her eyes seeming to suggest the Seduction still held her, a little, at least.

‘Before I let you cum.’ The woman said idly toying with one of Ellie’s hugely swollen nipples. ‘I want to know how you did it?’

‘What?’ Elle’s voice was trembling with lust.

‘Seduced me.’ Othella seemed to have difficulty getting her words out, admitting her defeat or complicity.

‘I’m desirable.’ Ellie said, her voice shaking with arousal and unfulfilled need. ‘Who wouldn’t want this?’

‘Really?’

‘Lipstick of Seduction,’ Ellie gasped, ‘now, please…’

Othella smiled and turned away.

‘Please….’

---

‘There’s still the matter of the forfeit…’ Othella said deliberately and maddeningly teasing Ellie.

‘But I…’ The Seductress lay quivering with need.

‘You are an unlicensed Thief operating in my manor and you attempted to Seduce the Mistress of the Thieves Guild to try to avoid your punishment.’ Othella smiled cooly. ‘You’re in a lot of trouble.’

‘But…’

‘Are you not familiar with the adage that there is no honour among thieves?’

Ellie couldn’t help feeling everyone in HomeTown appeared to take advantage of their new Seductress.

‘Please don’t mutilate me.’ She said wishing she could use a Persuasion but knowing that one had already failed. She did not want to risk upsetting Othella further. If she wasn’t so horny she might have been able to think of something else but her whole body seemed to burn with lust, her nipples throbbing, her pussy drooling uncontrollably.

‘I could hardly mutilate one of the party who’s got the Golden Quest,’ the Thief said.

‘What?’

‘You mean you don’t know?’ Othella seemed surprised. ‘It’s all over town. BB’s party has stumbled onto the big one.’

‘I spent the night in the pillory,’ Ellie reminded her. ‘I’m a little behind with the news.’

‘Oh yes,’ the Thief said with a wicked grin. ‘Must have got you a good few XPs though.’

‘I guess so.’

‘Anyway. You’ve found Sister Stephania’s Wand of Warding.’ Othella said. ‘Part of it at least.’

‘Sister Stephania’s Wand?’ Ellie asked. ‘Who came up with that one? It’s not very imaginative.’

‘The men that coded all this only had one thing on their minds,’ Othella said with a slight smirk.

Ellie only had one thing on her mind too at this moment too.

‘I’m guessing you'll be sent up against the Witch in the Tower.’ Othella’s expression turned serious. ‘Not for me to decide, of course, that’ll be the council of Thoth. Rather you than me, though. She’s got this tame Warrior who Sublimed years ago. Undefeatable. Even Battle Babe will be hard pressed to take her and you know what a kick ass she is. If she doesn’t die on this one she’ll probably Sublime. I’m sure she can’t put it off any longer.’

‘BB is ready to Sublime?’

‘She’s been ready for years, just doesn’t want to go. Always finds a way to stay at Level 9.’ Othella smiled. ‘But this isn’t getting you punished.’

‘What…what are you going to do to me?’

‘You’re going to do the Walk of Shame.’

‘Walk of Shame?’

‘More of a run really.’

---

Ten minutes later Ellie stood in the courtyard of the Thieves’ Guild. Her hands were still bound and Othella hadn’t returned her clothing although as it was mostly shredded it didn’t make much difference. Clipped to her nipples was a sign that read ‘UNLICENSED THIEF’; there was a chain attached to the bottom of it that was clipped painfully to her clitoris.

Around her stood about twenty Thieves armed with catapults. One of them was Scargo.

‘I’ll give you a twenty second head start.’

‘Twenty?’

‘Most just get ten,’ Othella said, ‘the ones I don’t like don’t get any at all.’

‘And if I hadn’t Seduced you?’

‘It would have been the same.’ Othella shrugged. ‘HomeTown is all about training. Good job by the way. You’re the first one who’s ever done what you did.’ She patted Ellie’s bottom. ‘You’re going to have quite a time here in Fantasia X. I hope we meet again.’

‘Thanks.’ Honey winked. ‘I recall you still owe me a spanking.’

Inwardly Ellie cringed but there was little she could do. She had a lot to learn in this world and, via the AI, Honey knew the score.

‘Don’t thank me yet. But, if you want my advice, you’ll run straight to BB.’ Othella took a step away. ’Gatekeeper.’

Ellie looked at the gate, watching it open.

‘Don’t just stand there. I’m already counting.’

The sign hanging from her nipples was heavy and the last thing Ellie wanted to do was to run and make it bounce up and down but she glanced around at the Thieves.

‘Fifteen…fourteen…’

Ellie began to run.

---

Amanda looked up as the door of the Saucy Adventuress burst open, surprised to see her daughter enter. Ellie…Honey, she noticed was naked apart from her boots and seemed to be carrying a piece of wood…no, a sign with something written on it.

She was breathless too, her face flushed and her body was coated with…filth was the only word Amanda could think to describe it.

Amanda wasn’t the only one who’d seen Ellie come in. The room went suddenly silent.

‘Is BB here?’ Ellie panted, looking around, her blue eyes wide. ‘I think I might need her.’

‘No…she went…’ Amanda was confused.

It was then that everyone in the room, including Val began to laugh and jeer.

Outside the door to the tavern, Amanda could see a mob of men and a few women and understood they had been chasing Ellie. It was maternal instinct that made her rush towards the door and draw the dagger from the pouch slung around her neck. A firm hand made her lower her arm.

‘No weapons, Adventuress,’ It was the innkeeper. ‘And brawling in the tavern is only allowed only in the evening.’

One of the men outside leered into the doorway and, without thinking Amanda kicked him hard sending him flying back into the street before slamming her dagger point first into the doorframe and stepping out after him. She lifted her fists as the ruffian climbed to his feet.

‘You don’t scare me.’ The man said, tilting his head to the side and then cracking his knuckles.

There were about ten of them, Amanda saw.

‘Oh, leave it Scargo,’ one of the women said, ‘we’ve had our fun.’

‘No, the bitch owes me.’ The one called Scargo squared up to Amanda. ‘What are you, ‘er fuckin’ mother or sommit?’

‘What if I am?’ Amanda said, wondering if this was the bit about Adventuresses rushing in where fools fear to tread.

‘We’re her Party.’ A voice said behind her. It was Maiko. ‘And Honey, my friend.’

Scargo regarded the Warrior and would be Samurai. ‘There are two of you.’ Scargo said. ‘There are ten of us.’

‘Eleven actually.’ Another voice joined them, Bu-Shi-Doll. ‘And now there are three of us.’

Scargo looked wary and then started to turn away. Then he threw a punch at Amanda.

It all happened very quickly. Amanda had somehow sensed his intent and caught his lazy swing. Then she’d hit him. The ‘Feat of Strength’ had been an addition from the AI probably but, Amanda felt, nobody was going to speak to her like that and nobody was going to call her daughter a bitch and get away with it.

Scargo hit the wall of the street opposite the bar with a force that made the plaster crack and then he slumped to the ground out cold. The crowd dispersed rapidly after that and Amanda saw several of them were smiling including the woman who’d spoken out who nodded to Amanda and winked as she walked away. Two of Scargo’s fellows carried him with them.

---

Amanda turned and found Ellie in the doorway behind her.

‘Thanks, mum.’

Amanda looked at her daughter, taking in the sign hanging from her nipples and the various marks on her skin, a mix of bruises, stains from rotting fruit and something that smelt far worse. ‘Are you ok, Honey?’

‘I think so,’ Ellie said, ‘but my nipples are really sore.’

She was, Amanda could see, shaken by what had happened.

‘Oh.’ Amanda began to undo the clamps holding the sign on Honey’s nipples.

Ellie screamed only once.

She screamed again when the clamp on her clitoris was removed.

‘Would you mind untying me?’ She turned to present her bound wrists.

Amanda took her dagger from the wood of the doorframe and cut her daughter’s bonds.

‘Not bad, Mand.’ Val said. ‘But you do know we’re not supposed to carry weapons in here, right.’

‘I’m an Adventuress.’ Amanda flashed her lover a smile. ‘What are they gonna do?’

‘They might put you the pillory,’ the innkeeper said.

Amanda shrugged and hid her smile then looked to see her daughter cupping her naked breasts in her hands.

‘I have some Healing Lotion.’ Amanda reached for a pouch on her belt and pulled out a small pot.

‘Thanks, mum.’ Ellie whispered.

‘Amazonne Warrior Princess.’ Amanda whispered back. ‘I do have appearances to keep up.’

‘Seductress,’ the innkeeper called. ‘I’m guessing you’re Honey.’

‘Yes.’ Ellie looked up from where she stood in the middle of the room not caring that everyone was staring at her as she rubbed the salve into her bruised nipples.

‘A man delivered some things for you.’ He gestured to some packages on the bar.

'I hope he brought you something to wear.’ Amanda said, looking at the packages. ‘If you are going to attract gifts from strange men, they should at least be useful ones.’

‘I haven’t been naked the whole time.’ Ellie looked at her. ‘I did have some clothes.’

Amanda raised an eyebrow.

‘But…I lost them again and…’

At that moment Battle Babe arrived. ‘Did I miss something.’

‘Nothing we couldn’t handle without you.’ Amanda said with a smirk.

---

#### Chapter 35: Setting Out

---

Ellie didn’t lag behind as they walked down the road out of HomeTown heading west into rolling hills under a blue sky decked with white clouds. She was wearing the new pink spider silk dress that had been in the packages Goldie had arranged to be delivered to the tavern. It fitted perfectly now, stretched tight across Honey’s lush body covering her breasts and supporting them surprisingly effectively; it concealed her sex too and most of her bottom as well as a fair proportion of her left side. Seen from the right though, she appeared almost naked. She had pulled her hair up in the style Maiko had set it in though it was now held in place by the knuckleduster which doubled as a comb and the two stiletto daggers that to the casual glance looked like pins. She’d seen Bu-shi-Doll nod approvingly, clearly recognising the weapons although the Samurai had frowned at the sight of her bare flesh and the huge pouting nipples clearly visible through the thin material and the heeled shiny pink boots.

The promised satchel had arrived too and looking inside, she could tell it had magical properties. There were at least two dozen Wands inside and several jars of a liquid that she assumed to be Essence of Seductress. Her own potion was in there too, her Potion of Courage.

She wasn’t sure Maiko had been too pleased when she’d learnt what had happened to her kimono but her new friend seemed content when Ellie had said she was sorry and hugged her then thanked her for supporting Amanda. The little would-be Samurai also made it clear that Ellie had managed to get herself filthy again as well as naked and suggested they go swimming again but BB had said there wasn’t enough time. Ellie had thus gone into the courtyard of the tavern and, removing her boots, had plunged into the horse trough. Then, threading her way through the crowd that had instantly materialised, she’d disappeared into the stable where, dropping to her knees in the straw, she put a leather bridle strap between her teeth to stifle her cries before sliding a hand between her legs to finally satisfy the lust that had been coursing through her body, a lust which she understood had somehow been increased by her humiliating run through the town square.

---

When they made camp, Ellie went to the stream to drink and looked up to see Maiko kneel beside her; as usual her movements were perfect and measured. The little Japanese girl leant forward and placed her lips to the surface of the water then lifted her head and wiped away the shiny droplets that clung to her lips.

‘When you in the pillory...’ Maiko began, ‘what it feel like to be so…helpless? I mean helpless when you are…doing sex?’

‘Er…it was…’ Ellie wasn’t sure how to respond. Could she really admit to this girl, this virgin, apparently, that she’d actually enjoyed being gang raped; virtually, obviously. ‘I think because I’m a Seductress it was ok,’ she said carefully, not wanting to speak of the multiple orgasms she had enjoyed and wondering if her real body might potentially respond in the same way when she came back to it. A thought that frightened her while at the same time exciting her.

‘I like the idea of being held,’ Maiko said, turning away to hide her blushes, ‘of not being able to stop someone from…I mean…. Your mother and the Viking, they like to tie each other up.’

‘It’s usually Val tying up mum,’ Ellie said, trying not to think in too great detail of what she was admitting but ending up with a flashback to the night when she’d surprised them.

‘And you like be tied up too?’

‘No! Well, not before I came here… but…my character…I get XPs when I have sex and I get more if it's kinky sex.’

‘And you…have orgasm?’

‘Yes.’ Ellie couldn’t help smiling at the strangeness of their conversation.

‘Lots of orgasms?’

‘Yes.’ Honey’s body trembled at the memory of the utterly overwhelming pleasure she’d enjoyed the previous night and then the other encounters. Already, Ellie was feeling the quickening again, the need for sex and had already tried to seek out a place where she could hide and masturbate despite her pleasure in the stable that morning. The memory of her mother hinting that she should be more sociable, think about finding a partner and, perhaps, forming a sexual relationship seemed somewhat ludicrous.

Maiko looked at her with barely concealed awe. ‘I wish I could be naughty.’

A thought flashed into Ellie’s mind, Honey’s really; completely unbidden and she forced herself not to suggest they ‘be naughty’ together although it was very tempting, more tempting than it had been the night they had shared a bed. She knew the innocent Katana Girl would be an easy target for a Seduction.

‘Your body is beautiful, Honey.’ Maiko said.

Ellie felt a frisson of pleasure and the temptation grew.

‘I paid a lot for it. Hence no weapons, no armour.’

‘Your breasts…they get in the way, no?’

‘They can make things a little awkward and I lost one Dexterity point, but my Dexterity was high anyway.’ She laughed at the absurdity of what she was saying. ‘I can walk in these boots. The breasts do give me an extra 5% on seduction skills…10% if it’s a male.’

‘Ah…that be how you seduce orcs.’

‘Yeah, maybe.’ Ellie thought, *although, it might have been better if I’d been a mage or given myself some decent fighting skills.*

---

Bu-Shi-Doll was training Maiko when Ellie slipped back into camp, her craving satisfied for the present at least. Maiko, or Katana Girl as Ellie realised she should think of her, was naked save her chastity belt and Ellie was glad that her needs were currently sated as she watched the nubile young Japanese wield her blade; her movements beautifully graceful, almost dance-like. Strands of her shiny black hair had come free of their fastenings and swirled about her head as she spun and leapt and then crouched and rolled, her blade arcing then thrusting and her skin shone with sweat, glistening like the thousand facets of her katana’s edge.

In the centre, stood Bu-Shi-Doll, her halberd like weapon that Ellie now knew was called a naginata, split, the blade, the Dai-Katana in one hand and shaft in the other; calm, motionless until at the last moment she parried or stepped aside evading a thrust or cut from her charge’s blade that would have run clear through her chest or severed a limb had it struck home. It was as if the woman was totally aware of everything Maiko was doing, everything she was thinking; it felt to Ellie, too, that this awareness extended further, as if Nomiki would know she was there, what she was thinking; it also felt like the Samurai was judging her.

Without thinking she slid her hand into her satchel, fingering the Potion of Courage even as she grasped this hilt of her dagger.

Then it was over, the young Warrior was flat on her back, the Dai-Katana at her throat. Maiko’s eyes met Ellie’s and Ellie saw a frustrated pout before the young Japanese masked her disappointment and nodded her submission.

‘You spend night staked out naked,’ Bu-Shi-Doll said. ‘You too easily distracted.’

‘Yes, grandmother.’ Katana Girl rose to her knees and bowed her head but there was something about the way she spoke and the tension in her body that Ellie recognised as anger.

‘And you have clamped nipples,’ Bu-Shi-Doll added with a similar tone.

‘Hai.’ Maiko nodded curtly then bowed to the ground. ‘Thank you for lesson.’

‘Hmm.’ Bu-Shi-Doll grunted and turned away. ‘Make sure you clean Katana. Then you practice calligraphy.’

---

Seeing Maiko training had reminded Ellie about the book Goldie had given her and, as the young Warrior began to clean her blade, Ellie pulled Madam So’s Pillow Book out of her satchel. ‘Everything you need to know about being a Seductress’, Ellie read, wondering if it might tell her how to cope with her constant sexual cravings.

Running her finger down the index she discovered there was indeed a chapter on ‘The Quickening: Curse of the Seductress’. She turned to it and, after skimming it briefly she discovered the message to be largely to make the most of it although there was a reminder that, in terms of seduction, appearing too ‘forthcoming’ could be counterproductive.

‘Tell me something I don’t know.’ Ellie muttered to herself flipping back to the index.

There were several chapters on techniques used in seduction including use of make-up and clothing and she spent some time reading what was essentially a mix of psychology, how to read body language and the basis of good ‘conversation starters’. Some of it made sense and some of it seemed to suggest that certain approaches might almost work as ‘cheats’ in the coding.

There was a chapter on higher level options too; ‘The Path of the Merchant’, ‘The Seductress Assassin’ and the ‘Mistress of Illusion’. There were several pages on ‘The Dark Seductress’ which highlighted the qualities of Alexander Dumas’ Milady de Winter and Choderlos de Laclos’ Marquise de Merteuil and suggested that, of all the paths a Seductress might take, this was, perhaps, the most thrilling.

---

‘Are you ok, Maiko.’ Ellie said as she sat down beside Katana Girl.

‘Yes, I fine.’ The little Japanese girl lay on her back, arms and legs spread, naked except for her chastity belt. ‘Bu-Shi-Doll do this to me almost every night we travelling. Say it good for my training. Make me reflect.’

Ellie had watched as Maiko had been made to knock the stakes into the ground before lying down between them and allowing herself to be tied in place.

‘Are you sure that’s the only reason?’ Ellie asked, thinking of her own needs.

‘Chastity belt mean there not much I can do.’ Maiko replied, clearly understanding Ellie’s question and blushing slightly as she said it. Then she tipped her head to look a little anxiously in the direction of the camp where the other four sat round the fire to make sure she wasn’t being overheard.

They’d just cooked and eaten their evening meal; a surprisingly tasty brace of rabbits, which had been shot and skinned by Amanda under the guidance of Battle Babe who proved as competent with the bow as she was with her battle axe.

‘And the nipple clamps?’

‘They to make me focus. And Doll-Sama say my calligraphy not good.’

‘Are you sure your grandmother’s not just a sadist.’

‘No!’ Maiko seemed genuinely distressed by the thought and moved again, arching her back so she could see Nomiki. The movement made the chain between the girl’s nipple clamp slide across her small breasts and clink, something that made Ellie suddenly very aware of the hardness of her own nipples and the utter helplessness of the girl staked out beside her.

She knew she was going to have to sneak off and masturbate before going to bed.

‘Bu-Shi-Doll trained like this. Say her nipples always sore, limbs stiff when day spent with master. Her master very exacting.’ Maiko grinned, her dark eyes flashing. ‘Bottom sore too. Once she tell me she make mistake deliberately. I think she like it when he tie and beat her bottom. I think she love him.’

It was Ellie’s turn to look at the others, wondering if Bu-Shi-Doll would really submit to such treatment and realising in this world, an enjoyment of BDSM seemed to be a prerequisite; even if it wasn’t, the coding forced it on you anyway.

‘And do you enjoy being treated this way?’

‘Not really,’ Maiko said after a moment. ‘Not by Nomiki but if pretty-boy want to do it to Maiko she very happy then, especially if he have chastity key. If boy have key I let him do what he like to me, tie up, spank, use Maiko.’ The helpless girl squirmed. ‘Maiko probably not mind girl too as long as she have toys to use; toys that go inside. Maiko fantasise sometimes when she staked out like this that boy come with key and release belt and Maiko can do nothing as he lay on her and use her body. Use his manhood in her, tease her, make her cum as he spurt inside her. He probably need gag Maiko for this.’ The little Japanese girl turned to look directly at Ellie. ‘Or she,’ she added.

‘Ok.’ Ellie said cautiously, looking down at Maiko more than a little surprised by what she was being told and finding herself more than a little excited by it.

‘You not tell anyone,’ Maiko said quickly, sensing Ellie’s hesitation.

‘Promise,’ Ellie heard the edge to her voice put there by the talk of sex. ‘I have to…er, pee.’

‘Ok,’ said Maiko brightly. ‘Goodnight, Honey.’

‘Good night, Maiko.’

‘Please, you call me Katana Girl.’

‘Oh, ok.’ Ellie stood and swept her hair back, not for the first time caught by the sway of her heavy breasts and the height of her heels and staggering slightly as she turned towards the bushes behind the camp. ‘Goodnight, Katana Girl.’

---

#### Chapter 36: The Badlands

---

‘Keep your wits about you. These are the Badlands’ Battle Babe warned them as they finished packing up their camp at dawn. The hills ahead were less green and rolling and more rugged, the sky greyer hinting at rain and, perhaps, the approaching storm. ‘Bu-Shi-Doll and Katana Girl, I want you up front. Val, Amazonne, you’re in the middle and I’ll bring up the rear.’

‘What about me?’ Amanda heard Ellie ask, noting the petulant edge to her daughter’s voice. ‘Can I go point with Mai…Katana Girl and Bu-Shi-Doll?’

‘You need to stay out of trouble.’ Battle Babe said seriously. ‘You’ve no armour and, if we get ambushed by a tribe of gnolls or a pack black wolves, you’re not going to be able to put them off with a blow job.’

Beside her, Amanda heard Val laugh.

‘Seductresses can sense things too.’ Ellie responded. ‘Perhaps me and mum could scout ahead.’

‘I want Amazonne,’ Battle Babe stressed the name, ‘back where she can use her bow if needed. If we’d had a Mage, they could use a Missile Spell; but since we don’t…’ She left the sentence an unfinished barb.

‘Fine!’ Ellie pouted, rather authentically, Amanda thought. ‘I hope we're not going to get this ‘if we had a Mage’ thing all week and, by the way, this is spider silk. It gives me +1 to my Armour Class.’

‘As long as they don’t sneak up on your right.’ Battle Babe gave a chuckle.

‘A girl has to look good too.’ Ellie flounced, her breasts bouncing and her bottom swinging as she turned away from the Party Leader.

Amanda recalled the Seductress she’d seen in the tavern in HomeTown and smiled at the thought of her daughter becoming something of a diva, flicking her long blonde hair and tossing her head petulantly in a way that made her huge breasts bounce.

‘I think she’s enjoying herself really,’ Amanda said, turning towards Val and finding the blonde’s eyes more than a little fixed on her daughter’s breasts. ‘Shall we go?’ She added pointedly when her lover gave no response.

---

They moved out in the order defined by Battle Babe with Ellie walking a dozen yards in front of Amanda and Val. The avatar her daughter had chosen was, Amanda had to admit, gorgeous and part of her wished she’d been a little more adventurous in her choice but her pragmatism told her that a bow and a decent pair of swords was a good investment and that the Armour Class afforded by her leather dress was better than nothing even if she’d have liked something a little more secure.

She was surprised to find that both of them were enjoying this rather more than she’d expected. She really hadn’t wanted to come and even less wanted Ellie to be forced to be there but somehow it did seem to be working out although she tried not to think about the night her daughter had spent in the pillory. She’d feared Ellie would want to leave after that sort of…. well, that sort of….assault and had been genuinely surprised when Ellie seemed rather undisturbed by it. Almost as surprised as she had by Ellie’s choice of character class.

Maybe there was a part of Ellie that reflected Amanda’s own reckless youth before becoming a single mother with bills to pay had curbed her carefree days. There was clearly still some of that spirit of adventure left in her too; she was certainly beginning to enjoy going around with no knickers on again.

She glanced back at Battle Babe. The big warrior had intimidated her when they’d first met but she liked the way the woman organised things, letting them get into their roles, making their own mistakes; like a mother really. For a moment she thought about dropping back, about asking the Party Leader to go easy on her daughter; but then the Warrior knew what she was about and Ellie had to learn.

Beside her, she could hear the gentle click of Val’s mail and smiled at the thought of the mix up over her costume. It might have been something she’d liked to have done herself once, playing a little trick on her mistress, the mistress she liked to crawl on her belly to worship. Given the choice, she’d have had Val in leather, but chain was nice too, especially the rather skimpy chainmail bikini that hung rather gorgeously from her rangy, lean frame. It was obviously a body type she was drawn to; Luican had been lean and rangy and, of course, there was her instructor Luci - rangy and drop dead gorgeous. And, then there was that interesting ability she, or was it he, had. She took a moment to savour the memory of their day together and their evening on the beach then looked guiltily at her mistress.

The two of them being here dressed like this really was delightfully naughty and the fact that Val had brought rope, lots of it, excited her a lot. She’d spent every night in Fantasia tied up so far and she hoped very much it would continue.

‘Val…Mistress?’ She said, her thoughts interrupted by what she saw and the expression on Val’s face. ‘Are looking at my daughter’s bottom?’

It had been meant as a bit of a joke but maternal feelings or perhaps jealousy made the question more accusatory than it should have been.

There was no reply.

‘Val!’

Val turned suddenly. ‘Yes, what?’

‘You were looking at Ellie’s bottom.’ Amanda exclaimed.

Val shrugged. ‘It’s not really Ellie’s is it. It’s just the avatar.’

‘Well, I’d rather you didn’t.’ Amanda said, flustered now and then, trying to make light of the moment adding, ‘Mistress.’

‘I thought you’d have everything you needed here.’ Amanda gestured to her own body. ‘You do like this body?’ She’d chosen it partly with Val in mind.

They both stopped and faced each other.

‘I like these.’ Val lifted her hand to Amanda’s enhanced breasts.

‘Well, that’s good to hear.’

‘If we came again you could have bigger ones.’ Val said rather more seriously than Amanda would have liked.

‘I think they’re pretty substantial.’ Amanda balked, folding her arms and hefting her new double-Ds up towards her lover’s face. ‘It would be difficult to climb with larger ones.’

Val turned and walked on.

‘Have you thought any more of getting them done in the real?’ She asked after a moment.

Amanda stopped again. ‘You really want me to get a boob job?’

‘I’m just saying that I like a pair I can get my hands on.’ Val continued to walk and Amanda followed her. ‘I’d pay for them.’

‘You’d pay…’

‘BeeB.’ Ellie was suddenly standing beside them pointing up to a ridge to their right. ‘Trouble ahead.’

---

The gnolls came at them from the hills. It wasn’t a sophisticated ambush and there was time for the party to prepare but there were four of them, all larger than humans with bear-like snouts, thick fur and strong arms wielding clubs. Ellie watched them come trying to steady her resolve, squeezing the handle of her dagger even as she found herself fixed to the spot unable to move.

‘Val, you’re with me.’ Battle Babe commanded. ‘Amanda, use your bow until you run out of arrows or they get too close.’

‘Ok.’ Amanda replied although Ellie noticed she seemed unsure too, shaking as she nocked an arrow and almost dropping it.

‘We’re going to be fine, Mum,’ she said. It wasn’t a true Persuasion but there was something in the tone that seemed to calm Amanda who glanced at her gratefully.

‘Doll…Katana Girl.’ Battle Babe called. ‘We really need you now.’

‘Busy…’ They all heard the shout and Ellie turned to see the two Japanese Warriors were already fighting two more of the creatures who must have come out from behind rocks ahead of them in the valley; Bu-Shi-Doll keeping one at a distance with her naginata and Katana Girl circling another with her katana drawn.

‘Should we run.’ Amanda said with a degree of calmness that surprised her daughter.

‘No, we’ll be fine,’ the party leader said, ‘as long as we hold our nerve.’ She looked at Val. ‘Ready?’

Val hefted her sword and smiled grimly. ‘As, I’ll ever be. Though, I wish I had proper armour.’

‘We’re gonna be fine people.’ Battle Babe said in a level voice as she started to walk forward and Val and Amanda followed her.

‘Mum,’ Ellie hissed, ‘you’re supposed to stay here.’

‘What? Oh, yes.’ Amanda lifted her bow and Ellie took the opportunity to step behind her and reach into her satchel.

The potion was surprisingly bitter and Ellie did her best not to gag on it.

‘We’re gonna be fine, Mum.’ Ellie said, putting her hand on Amanda’s shoulder.

‘Sure, Honey.’

‘No, really, we’re gonna be fine.’ Ellie said again, her voice calm. ‘We can do this.’

‘We can do this.’ Amanda said and Ellie realised she’d unwittingly used a Persuasion.

‘I’m gonna go forward,’ Ellie said. ‘Nothing I can do back here.’

‘Be careful.’

‘Sure, Mum. ‘Of course, always…’

Ahead of her Battle Babe and Valkyrie were beginning to run, battle cries on their lips.

Ellie began to run behind them.

Suddenly an arrow whistled past her then glanced off the arm of a gnoll.

‘Shit.’

Ellie looked back. ‘It’s gonna be fine,’ she whispered, then turned and broke into a run.

There were, after all, only six of them. BB and Val were about to close and another arrow found its mark in one of the creature’s shoulders. It roared and stumbled dropping its club.

*Shame!* Ellie thought. *That will make it less of a challenge.*

Ahead of her Battle Babe swung her axe, meeting the club of one of the gnolls with a crash that seemed to echo off the side of the valley.

‘Wait for me,’ Ellie shouted, running forwards now.

Val parried a club and thrust hard, her sword impaling one of the creatures.

‘Ellie,’ Battle Babe spun and swung her axe at one of the creature’s bellies. ‘Stay back.’

Blood spattered and Ellie whooped.

‘We’re gonna be fine,’ she screamed exultantly, hurling herself at the nearest gnoll, noticing that the creature was about three feet taller than her and leaping up to plunge her dagger into its chest.

‘Critical strike,’ she shouted as her dagger descended.

She didn’t see the creature’s paw and only knew it was there when it collided with her chest. For a moment, she smelt the creature’s breath, warm and strangely grass-like, then pain erupted in her left side.

In her mind Ellie saw a black 5 five turn to a 4 and then a red 3 and a sickening wave of nausea and pain washed over her body in a way that was the complete antithesis of gaining XPs. She slammed into the floor, winded and wracked with pain, looking up to see the creature dropping to all fours over her, a growl in its throat; saw its teeth drop towards her, felt its claw rake her bare belly.

The red 3 became a 2 and then a flashing 1.

‘Bastard!’ Ellie shrieked and, realising she still held her dagger, she slammed it into the creature’s neck, losing her grip on the hilt.

A rush of XPs gave her a thrill of pleasure and then the pain was back, worse now with the bulk of the creature crushing her, pinning her down. If only she could move, free her legs, stand up to fight it properly. The jaws were just above her face and, in desperation, she jammed her arm between the hooked teeth.

The red 1 began to blink faster.

She wasn’t strong enough, the jaws were at her throat, her arm felt as if it was about to snap.

Then the creature roared and lifted its head, releasing her arm.

An arrow was sticking out of its chest and another out of its belly and then a sword was driven into its ribs and then another and then the creature rolled off her, was pushed off her.

‘Honey.’ It was her mother.

‘Amazonne.’ A voice called. ‘Behind you.’

Ellie watched as her mother glanced behind her then tugged at the two swords buried in the gnolls body. One came free but the other was lodged between its ribs. She spun on her heels, raising the one sword to block an arm that was trying to bring a club down on her head, turning it aside. Then she brought her fist up to strike at the gnoll’s face. However, the blow was ineffective and the creature grabbed her, pulling her into a bear hug or, perhaps, a gnoll hug. Ellie watched Amanda struggle, too close to wield her sword, watched her howl in pain and frustration and then saw her hand go to the pouch she now wore around her neck.

Then the red 1 stopped flashing completely and Ellie didn’t see anything else.

---
