---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Interview
authors:
- Studbound
tags:
- n-a
---

story

**The
Interview**
 by
Studbound

ANNOUNCER: Ladies and Gentlemen, it is with pleasure that we here at
Station KYNK now bring you the Arthur Prystone Show. As you regular listeners
know, every week Arthur goes to the home of some citizen in the area and
interviews him or her. Candidates for an interview usually have something
interesting, an event, special talent, or discovery that is relevant for
our audience. So now we go to Arthur Prystone.

ARTHUR: Thanks Peter. Tonight we are at the beautiful home of Mrs. Ralph
Carter-Henderson. Mrs. Henderson is seated here with me on my right, and
as I've talked with her so far I find her a delightful woman with a sparkling
sense of humor.

AGNES: Oh, thank you Arthur. And, please call me Agnes. I'm delighted
that you could be here and talk to me tonight.

ARTHUR: As I remember, you are the daughter of Franklin Carter who made
something of a fortune in construction.

AGNES: Yes, father was quite successful, and he left enough to keep
us very comfortable.

ARTHUR: And now you live here with your husband.

AGNES: Yes. We work at philanthropy. Daddy left a large amount of money
for us to administer to different charities and people in need. It's been
a rewarding avocation which we have enjoyed.

ARTHUR: Now, our reason for being here tonight is to discuss with you
a problem that you have faced and your unique solution. Would you tell
us something about this?

AGNES: The problem concerned my husband, Ralph. Ralph is a good man,
but soon after we married, about fifteen years ago, Ralph started gaining
weight. He got heavier and heavier, needed to buy new clothes all the time,
and eventually he weighed nearly twenty-one stone which is nearly three
hundred pounds!

ARTHUR: And this upset you?

AGNES: Very much. I knew that the weight was taking a toll on his heart,
and I was concerned because he almost never got any kind of exercise. When
Ralph's doctor warned him that he was heading for real physical problems,
I decided that we just do something, but I didn't know what. I was really
at my wits end. One thing I had learned - nagging Ralph did not good at
all. He ignored me. He secretly climbed out of bed at night and headed
for the refrigerator. He hid food around the house, candy bars and other
things. It was just awful.

ARTHUR: Almost like being an alcoholic.

ARNES: Exactly, and it was clear that the problem required a dramatic
solution, but what? I was totally frustrated. Then Corellia and Gorge came
to my rescue.

ARTHUR: Corellia and Gorge?

AGNES: Yes, he's our driver and gardener, and she's my personal maid.
For years they worked nearby at the State Mental Hospital as medical aids.
But they didn't like it, and quit. Fortunately at that time I was looking
for household help, and I hired them. They live right here in the house.

ARTHUR: And what did they suggest?

AGNES: Gorge said he would get some things that we needed, and he was
gone for half a day. He returned and showed me what he had in mind. From
his friends at the Mental Hospital he had "borrowed" a straitjacket, some
other restraints for legs, and a couple of gags.

ARTHUR: Gags?

AGNES: Yes, I'll explain about that in a second. That night at dinner,
I put some pills that Gorge gave me into Ralph's food. He fell asleep,
and then we stripped him naked, put him in a jockstrap, and then buckled
him into the straitjacket. Gorge put the leather restraints on Ralph's
legs, and we put one of the gags into his mouth and fixed the straps so
it would stay there.

ARTHUR: And how did Ralph respond to this?

AGNES: Well, at first when he woke up, he made all the noise he could,
thrashing around and moaning. But I explained to him that all of this was
for his own good. Coreilla and Gorge had worked out a special diet for
Ralph with very limited calories. And he would have an exercise schedule.
Gorge became Ralph's personal trainer, and Corellia took care of his health
and diet. It worked very nicely.

ARTHUR: Were there problems?

AGNES: Not really. We explained to Ralph that if he made problems when
Gorge fed him twice a day, he would miss a meal or two. We needed to bathe
him twice a week, and for that Gorge gave him a little shot that really
relaxed him so we could take off the straitjacket and get it back on when
he was clean - this before he woke up. With the help of Gorge and Corellia,
it worked just fine.

ARTHUR: Why did you keep Ralph in the jacket and gag at night?

AGNES: Gorge explained that Ralph could still raid the refrigerator
at night, and without the gag, he could eat. It was best to keep him fully
bound except when he was exercising, eating, or bathing.

ARTHUR: What about that exercise?

AGNES: Gorge devised a program which involved riding on a stationary
bicycle, weights and some aerobic activity. Some part of Ralph is tied
or restrained all the time but the part that is being exercised is free.
If Ralph resisted in any way, Gorge just bound him up all the tighter for
a while. It worked just fine.

ARTHUR: And did Ralph lose weight?

AGNES: That was the best part. He lost from around five to almost ten
pounds a month. We didn't want to starve him. Just a systematic program
of regular controlled weight loss.

ARTHUR: And how much does he weigh now?

AGNES: Ralph is down to about one hundred eighty pounds. He needs to
lose a little bit more, and then we'll take about six months to stabilize
his weight. And he looks so good. His stomach is almost flat again. Not
a washboard with ripples, but still he seems muscular again and is a good
looking man once more.

ARTHUR: How long has Ralph been on this diet?

AGNES: Almost eighteen months now.

ARTHUR: Really. And he's been in the straitjacket and gag almost all
of that time?

AGNES: Right. Would you like to meet him?

ARTHUR: Yes. Please. Agnes is signaling one of her staff to bring in
her husband. I see him coming down the hall now - walking toward us. Now
one of the staff member is seating him next to me, and binding his legs
at his ankles. Ralph seems somewhat restless, apparently struggling with
the straitjacket. Good evening Mr. Henderson, how are you doing?

RALPH: MMMmmmmmmm Mmmpffffffff Mmmmm MMMMM. mmm  Ghpfffffffff.

ARTHUR: Well, that gag makes understanding you quite difficult. Agnes,
can we remove the gag for a few minutes?

AGNES: Oh, no. Ralph has a really odd sense of humor, and one never
knows what he might say. Gorge warns that he might say he's being held
against his will. Imagine. Held against his will in his own house. Isn't
that funny? Anyway, Gorge says it's best to keep the gag on at all times.
Notice that there is a lock on the gag. I can't even remove it. Only Gorge
has the key. Actually, Ralph hasn't said a thing to me all this time. Gorge
says he locks the gag so that I don't weaken and let Ralph go. There are
locks on the straitjacket too you see.

ARTHUR: I suppose. He does seem somewhat agitated.

AGNES: Well, he's off his schedule. In order to be here, he's had to
miss one of his exercise sessions, but don't worry, we'll make it up after
a while.

ARTHUR: And do you still keep him in the straitjacket and gag all night?

AGNES: The gag, yes. But not the straitjacket any more. For the last
couple of months Gorge and Corellia have started removing the jacket and
restraining him in different ways for the night. Each night I am surprised
to find out how he's been bound or tied up, and I don't mind saying, some
of them are quite erotic. I won't tell you any details, but this has done
quite a bit to enhance our sex life.

ARTHUR: Really??

AGNES: Oh yes. You can't imagine how turned on you can be when your
husband is bound and gagged in some provocative way and you can do whatever
you want with him. I can make our intimacy last for hours. Ralph used to
be done in a flash, but not any more. My advice to you women out there
is, if you want a real erotic thrill, tie up your husband or boy friend
and you be in charge. It's wonderful!

ARTHUR: But shouldn't you be able to release him if you want?

AGNES: Oh no. The restraints are locked in place especially so that
I can't release Ralph. Gorge says that I was an enabler helping Ralph to
gain weight, and in solving the problem, that had to end. I must say, with
Ralph bound up and locked in that way I certainly can't enable him any
more!

RALPH: Mmmmm mmmmm mmmm mmmmmm mmm mmmmpffff.

ARTHUR: Are you sure we can't remove the gag and hear what he has to
say.

AGNES: No. It's better this way. Besides, Gorge and Corellia need to
take Ralph to exercise now. They really make him work, threatening him
with the closet if he doesn't cooperate.

ARTHUR: The closet?

AGNES: Yes. If Ralph doesn't cooperate they have a special straitjacket
and binders that are very snug. They put him in those, and put a tight
hood over his head which has only holes for his nose. Then they put him
in a very small closet in the basement. There isn't hardly room for him
to turn around. and they leave him there for a few hours or even over night. 
Ralph doesn't seem to like that, and after it's over, he seems to cooperate
a lot more. Of course I miss him on those nights when he's not with me,
but I know it's for his own good.

ARTHUR: And now the staff members who are here, who I assume are Gorge
and Corellia -- Agnes is nodding that he is -- are releasing Ralph's legs
and now they are taking him down the hall. You out there watching this
might notice that we haven't shown much of Gorge or Corellia. They specifically
asked that we not show their faces or interview them.

AGNES: That's true. They said they didn't want to be bothered by people
when they are out in public – with questions or comments. You know, Arthur,
I can't believe how much effort Gorge and Corellia have put into helping
Ralph. Before the diet started, they didn't get along at all, and they
had a couple of awful arguments. Ralph even said that he was going to fire
them and that he wanted them off the property.  Now I'm sure Ralph
feels bad since the two of them have gone to such trouble to help him out.

ARTHUR: Ralph keeps looking back at me, making some sounds in his gag.
It seems as if they are almost pulling him away. I must say, he looks quite
good.  Nobody would guess that the man weighed nearly three hundred
pounds only a year and a half ago. Agnes, I have to congratulate you on
the way you have solved your problem.

AGNES: Thanks, Arthur. I think it is working out well. I enjoy watching
what Gorge and Corellia are accomplishing with Ralph. They tell me that
in order to sustain his weight, we will probably keep him in the straitjacket
and gag for at least another year and maybe a lot more. I'm sure he'll
appreciate the results when it's over. But everyone says, losing weight
and keeping it off is a very long term project.

ARTHUR: And with that, ladies and gentlemen in the audience, we must
leave this delightful family. Back to the station.

03/04/02
