---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/gettingthepoint.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Getting the Point!
authors:
- Canlock
tags:
- F/m
- D/s
- bond
- chast
- peircing
- bdsm
- oral
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2008-07-06 00:00:00
---

When I arrived at our high top dungeon (I still chuckle over that). She sat me down at the kitchen table. No hug and no kiss! She just gestured for me to sit and where.

She looked serious and that made me very nervous!

She looked straight into my eyes. I search them for meaning but saw only conviction and earnest seriousness.

"I feel that our relationship has entered a new phase. I very much appreciate your obedience and service to me. You have been delightful and a pleasure to train!"

Thank God! I thought to myself relieved that she was not considering terminating our relationship. I was totally devoted to her and could not imagine even for a moment the loneliness that I would feel if I couldn't be with her.

"But I want you to go deeper. I want it all. I want you to be my slave!" Her words were strong and full of meaning. It was like she was going to ask me to make a life long full time commitment to her.

"To symbolize that I insist that you wear my rings, and accept my mark as a symbol of that relationship and your slavery to me!"

Rings? Mark? Sure I would accept her expecting my complete service to her, that she already had but rings and mark? What did she mean when she said rings? And how was she going to mark me? Tattoo, brand, cutting?

She went on, "In return I will honour you! I will tend your heart as if it was my own. You will know that the training will continue and my quest for your complete and utter obedience will have no bounds. You will feel the whip and the cane as you never have before as I complete you final submission to me."

I watched her reach into her purse and bring out a single sheet of paper which she unfolded in front of me.

"This is an agreement, a sort of contract to affirm your agreement to the condition outlined below. When you have read and initialled each item we both will sign it. It will be legally binding and in essence gives your freedom to me, completely!"

She watched me for a reaction. I nodded tentatively then asked her to go on.

"First. You will accept that I have complete control over your penis. I alone will decide if, when, where and how you come, if you ever do again. That is for me to decide!" Her words struck home. She already had that power or so I thought. "You will be in a device from now on. Period! No outs for being a good boy! No sneakouts to go play with yourself. The only release will be when I decide."

"We will now say that your penis is my penis. It no longer belongs to you. It is mine to do with as I wish!"

"I will release you once a week for cleaning during which you hands will be secured. You will never touch my penis again! Period! Is that understood?" I nodded.

"Do you accept?" She looked into my eyes again and I searched for meaning again. Still I saw all the resolve that I saw before.

"Then initial here!" She pointed to the line in question where I initialled the document.

My heart was in my throat as smiled at my acceptance. I felt both fear and wonder. I knew fear but this was different. She had determined and I accepted that I may not come again. I loved to come but it was a small price to pay to be hers. And I felt wonder at the immense power of this woman that sat in front of me.

"Secondly. You will accept my instruction and correction when I feel that you have not lived up to the standard that I set. You should know that I have been gentle thus far but that is about to change. I will be harsh! I will be exacting. I will accept no less than the best from you. If you do not meet my expectations you should know that I will punish you severely. You will know that cane as you never have. And you feel the jolts of electricity when I determine that you need it. You will accept that when I administer a correction it will be swift, severe and meant to correct a slip in your standard."

My blood ran cold. If I agreed to this then I knew that my training would ramp up. And I thought she was quick enough and severe enough with the cane and the eros tek. I knew fear again but I could not disappoint this woman who held my heart in her hands.

"The toolbox at my disposal to teach you will include the cane, straps, the quirt, the crop, paddles and a new penis whip I have acquired just to my message across and any other device that I decide will assist you in learning and meeting my standard."

Penis whip? What the hell was that? I was now sure that she could hear my heart beating in my chest just as I could hearmy heart thundering in my ears. I was certain I was flushed red, and sweating. I could feel the stickiness at my arm pits yet the room was not particularly warm and I could feel my palms sweat. Had I been standing my knees would have betrayed my nervousness. And my mouth was dry, my tongue thick and clumsy.

"In the course of my training I will tie you down, tie you up, suspend you. Make you ache in ways that you never have before. You will hurt as never before. But know that this pain that I will cause, and you will endure, is meant to improve you and our relationship."

"Do you accept?"

My heart was in my throat. I had trouble focusing. I couldn't see as my eyes were blurry. Her words thundered their meaning then echoed in my mind as I understood and accepted the consequences of my acceptance.

I nodded once more then initialled where she pointed to.

She smiled broadly as she looked into my eyes once more. Then just as quickly as it happened it was removed as she went on.

"Third. You will wear my rings! And you will wear my mark as a symbol of your devotion to me. I, and only I, will choose how and when this will occur, and what rings you will wear. You have no say in this as you are my slave, my chattel."

The possibilities rattled through my mind as she paused. I know we had discussed doing my nipples as a way to hang bells for our outdoor adventures. I had already given her permission for that. But the mark? That was an issue. It was permanent. Irrevocable. Unchanging. There to stay. My brother had a tattoo and he is a doctor. I guess I could live with that if it pleased her.

"Do you accept?" I initialled this line too, just as I had initialled the previous two.

"Fourthly. You will accept I am your Mistress. Doing so means that you accept that my decisions are final. Period! I may ask for your advice and counsel but in the end I make the decisions. I will decisions that are in our best interest and that please me. Your pleasure and satisfaction is of no consequence!"

Her eyes drilled holes in mine. Her stare was so complete, so utterly dominant that I desperately wanted to take my eyes off of hers. I could see her jaw was set, the muscles in her cheeks tensing as she waited to ask the final question.

"Do you accept?" I nodded, relieved that I was taking my eyes from her to initial the document that sat before me.

"Now sign it and date it" I complied. She refolded the document and returned it to her purse.

"Good boy" She kissed me deeply and held me close for a moment.

When she let me go I was told to strip and go to the bench in our apparatus room. Standing there I waited for her direction.

My Princess unlocked the belt to release my long forgotten member from his steel cell.

With that she motioned for me to lay down and she secured me to it strapping me tightly. It took several minutes to get the straps adjusted to her satisfaction. I was as immobile as I could be.

And I was as exposed as I could be. She washed me and played with me for a few minutes. I was as aroused as I had ever been

I lay there for a few moment as she went into the next room. When she returned she came into the room with her cell phone.

"He's ready for you!" She spoke into the phone briefly than said her goodbyes.

She left me alone for the next while to ponder my fate. My mind raced at the possibilities.

My Princess returned to the room with a stranger. This girl was about 35 and wore many tattoos. Lips, brows and ears were adorned with many piercings

"Here he is He has been waiting for you."

"My Pet! This is Pam. She has accepted to do your piercings today. Please cooperate with her as best you can." Like I had a choice? I couldn't budge let alone stop her.

"Nipples please!" My Princess leaned over and kissed me hard as

Pam proceeded to clean and sterilize my nipples and surrounding area. She asked me to breath in deeply then I felt a sharp stab of pain as the needle went through.

There was a second stab at the other nipple then she replaced the needle with little bar bells.

"Beautiful! Just as I imagined. Bells will look so lovely on these."

"Now the token please!" With that Pam cleaned and sterilized my scrotum. I could feel her pinch the skin on the left side. I felt another stab as the needle went though the skin.

My Queen held up a ring with a short chain. At the end of the chain was an engraved disk which read 'Property of this slaves Mistress' On the other side was her cellphone number.

The disc and chain disappeared from my view and I felt some tugging at my scrotum.

"Lets glue it shut so my slave can't remove it!" I saw a bottle of super glue appear then more fiddling down there.

"Now the PA!!!" What? I never agreed to this.

Ahhh! My Pet. Are you scared?. I want you to have a Prince Albert so I can make sure you can't get out any cage I put you in. And a bell would look and sound wonderful hanging there. And if I attach a chain it would ensure that you follow wherever I lead. And I hear that sex with a guy wearing one of these is heaven for the woman. A PA is a must!"

"But," I said and I felt her hand cover my protesting mouth. She fetched the inflatable gag and had me open my mouth to accept. My princess pumped it up.

My Queen grabbed my rapidly shrinking penis.

"Look!" My Princess laughed. "He's trying to hide"

I felt another cleaning then more cold alcohol. Fear gripped me as I felt a quick stab of pain right at the tip of my penis. It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. But it was still my pride and joy. I wanted no harm to come to him.

"A prick on the prick!!" They both laughed at their little joke. She said she would needle me about the PA for a long time.

Pam explained that it would bleed for a little while. She explained how to clean it and that I should no sex for at least 8 weeks. That wasn't for me to decide anyway.

They both stood at the door admiring how I looked with my new rings. They chatted for a while about the rings and other things then Pam left.

My Princess removed my gag and thanked me for being such a 'Good boy'. She kissed me deeply and hugged me as best she could given that I was strapped down.

She went to our cupboard to get the ball gag that has a dildo on it. She strapped it tightly agound my head. My view was of this big blue dildo that she would soon ride to her satisfaction. She put a small cock ring vibe at the base. She told me she was really horny after my 'little' operation, she said that only I could scratch that itch.

I watched her lube the dildo then slowly descend impailing herself on the gag that I was wearing. She was looking down my body and admiring the new piercings that adorned my bruised, battered and tired body.

I felt the vibe at the base stir into life. She moved her hips back and forth enjoying the attention that that vibe gave her tender and swollen nub. She rode my face to thundering O after thundering O. She grabbed and squeezed my swollen nipples sending sheets of pain through me. I grunted which only seemed to heighten her pleasure and to make her squeeze harder. She breathed hard and grunted loudly as the spasms of pleasure coursed through her body. Finally spent she rested there for a moment and got off of me.

She removed the gag with its member still hard and ready. She replaced it with the ball gag that I wore infrequently. It meant she did not want to hear me talk at all.

Everything hurt. My nipples ached a dull and trobbing ache, my scrotum ached as the medallion of ownership swung freely for the first time. And my penis ached after it was stabbed so brutally.

My Princess then undid my straps handcuffing me before I could touch my self anywhere. Naked, she lead me over to the bench where I was strapped face down. My bum was out in the open and I could feel gravity pull my new piece of jewelery. My newly pierced and aching nipples where ground into the rough surface of the bench.

"Now for the mark! My Pet! I am going to brand you. You will wear my mark as a symbol of your love and devotion to me. And I allow you to wear my mark as a symbol of your love and devotion for me."

She fetched a blowtorch and a steak branding iron with the letter S. I watched as she lit the torch and aimed it at the iron. Soon it turned a bright red from the heat.

I was bathed in sweat and gripped with fear as she be continued preparing me for the mark that I would wear forever.

So much for going to the Y and what would my doctor say? My thoughts raced as I considered all of the consequences of her branding me. Sure, I was devoted to her but this went too far.

My nostrils flared as I tried to fill my lungs with fresh air. I no longer saw in colour but black, white and shades of grey as adreneline surged through my body in preparation for a fight or flight reaction and as pupils dialated to accept more light. I struggled against unyeilding straps.

She stroked my back a said calming and soothing words. She appreciated my willingness to be hers so fully and completely. And yes, I gave her permission to do this. The document was in her purse.

She perpared my butt as we waited for the branding iron to heat fully. She washed and shaved each cheek being very slow and meticulous ensuring that no foreign material would enter my brand. Then I felt cold as she disinfected the area with alcohol.

She returned to my view and stroked my head once more. Then she adjusted each strap to ensure I was completely immobile. Then she checked my gag. It was ready for the next phase of the ceremony.

The branding iron was bright red when she took it from my sight. She moved around behind me.

I tensed. I breathed in deeply preparing for the pain that I knew would soon ravage my already tired and aching body.

I panted in panic as I waited for the inevitable burst of pain.

Then......

I felt a stab of pain on my right cheek and could smell burnt protein and seared flesh.

Then another quick shock to the left.

My sight went distant as my mind tried to make sense out of what had just happened. I slumped exhausted into my straps and onto the bench breathing hard attempting to feed oxygen starved muscles.

My Queen, My Princess walked back into my view and stroked my hair and wiped the sweat from my brow.

I rested for a minute. Confused and in shock. She let me rest to regain my wits.

She released me. As I tried to stand my knees were weak and shakey. I was weak and shakey. What had just happened? My mind reeled at the consequences.

She uncuffed me then removed my gag and turned me to see what was behind me. There was a steak with a burned S on it and a bucket of ice.

She laughed as she said, "Gotcha!!!!"

I reached around back to feel my brand. There was nothing but a wet and cold spot where has had touched me with the ice.

She held me close and kissed me deeply.

Then she whispered in my ear. "I said I was going to play with your mind!"

[feedback welcome](http://www.boundforum.com/forum/forum_posts.asp?TID=6304)
