---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: On French Soil 4 - Laid In Bed Majestical
authors:
- T S Fesseln
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- kidnap
- reluct
- X
---

Disclaimer: This is a work of amatory fantasy.  Any
resemblance to people living or dead is purely coincidental.  If you are
under the age of 18, please stop reading here.  If you are a bit squeamish
about graphic depiction's of rape, bondage and sex, please stop reading here. 
The author takes no responsibility for those who wish to reenact anything
written below. Permission is granted for private use.  The author wishes
any agencies that wish to publish this work, to please contact him at FESSELN1@aol.com. 
Any comments are gladly accepted and encouraged.

**Chapter Four - 'Laid In Bed Majestical'**

"A tough boil to lance, I am 'fraid," Talbot
said disturbing Sir Edward de Valence's thoughts of the bound Catherine
cached away in his luggage wagon.

Edward's eyes once again looked at the two
towers he was commanded to take. Though Harfleur herself had surrendered,
the villains in the those accursed towers had not. On the morrow,
Edward planned to array three canon against both and pound them night and
day until their senses were shaken back into their heads. If not,
damp hay would be mounded around them and set aflame. The smoke would
drive them out.

"Indeed, Talbot. But they will fall.
This soil is hallowed by our blood and this town is English today and forever.
They will leave or they will die. Come, fair Talbot, let us see the
rest of our prize lodging and give thanks for it."

-oOo-

Catherine D'Astier was not giving thanks to
her lodging as she lay, bound hand and foot, beneath the scratchy blanket
Edward had tossed over her. The empty bottle had not sated the desire in
her womb and her bindings were raw upon her ankles and wrists from the
effort. The yearning in her quim continued despite her fatigue. She
could not move much and every effort now caused ache in her joints and
blissful agony where her pleasure-swollen nipples scraped against the blanket.
The bottle she sought her wanton solace in was now poking between her thigh
and swollen lips and her need to relieve herself was growing.

Catherine wondered about what was to happen
now. The baggage wagon she was in had moved twice, the last just
a very short distance. She was the English's prize and she knew he
would have his fill of her before discarding her like a broken flagon.
It is how long of draught he would have of her before that was to happen.
It was up to her to make it last as long as she could.

The English, Edward, liked Catherine's lithe
looks. She could see it in his hazel eyes as they feasted upon her
ivory form. He relished what she could do with her lips around his
pricker. She was now glad that her cousin and her other lovers taught
her the lessons no friar could. They would be her salvation.
To please the English ogre would mean life for her. Catherine could also
see in Edward de Valance's eyes a hatred that had been boiled to a hardness
that no one could soften. What caused the anger, she did not know,
but it was against her father Phillip, she was sure.

Catherine's father was an enigma to her.
To him, she believed, she was just another pawn in his game of groats and
florins. Catherine knew her mother was such a pawn. Adele D'Hainault
was of a well landed family whose connections with the court were as tightly
woven as any spider's web. She was rather a plain woman but a spirited
one whose meddle was passed from mother to daughter. Adele had bore
six children to Phillip before she died of the Death. The Death also
claimed one of Catherine's brothers and her only sister. Their deaths
left Catherine as the sole woman of the household and her mother's duties
fell upon her. Phillip seemed not to care as long as things were
kept in due order. His lust for appointment and filled coffer kept
his attention.

Deep down, Catherine knew her father would not pay
her ransom. This realization overwhelmed her and she began to
sob quietly to herself.

-oOo-

The second story of Edward's billet was like the
first, divided into three rooms, all having beds and benches. The
corner room had a large, canopied bed as well as a window over looking
the river. This room also had a sturdy oak door with iron fitting
and an arrow loop as well as having thick walls. The merchant that
built this home was more than just a mere leather craftsman. The building
would suit Edward well.

"Talbot, I want all the men to comb our camp for
anything we may have left as well as anything left by any others.
I need the quiet to plan the breaking of the towers."

"Indeed, m'lord."

Talbot left without another word.

Edward's eyes followed him until he made sure the
soldier was gone. After exploring the building a bit looking for that odd
soul that might have stayed behind, he found the building to be deserted
save him and the woman bound in his luggage. Quickly he open the
wagon's door and tore off the blanket covering his prize. Catherine was
huddled on her side and the smell of her urine and lust filled Edward's
nose. Her slender face was puffed red with tears and her long, dark
tresses were in a tangle about her. Her gag was still in place, damp
with her drool, and her bindings were still taught. Her dark, doe-like
eyes looked up at him in anguish as he reached down for her. This time,
Catherine did not struggle as Edward lifted her over his shoulder to carry
her. She was as easy for Edward to lift as a yearling would be.
Her slender, marble white skin was smooth and warm as he hugged her arse
to keep her from falling. The smell of her perfume was still strong
and Edward's lust for this D'Astier she-bitch was growing again.

Catherine was glad to be out of the wagon.
The smell of her own urine was still strong in her mind and she never felt
so helpless. The English's hands were warm and firm upon her bottom
and they felt good. She did not recognize the house they were in,
but she knew she was still in Harfleur. Her wrists were still bound together
and tied to her bound ankles, however, despite the English's shoulder poking
into her belly sorely, she did not dare move lest she fall and hurt herself
even more. At last, after passing through two or three rooms, the English
dropped her onto a huge, canopied bed. Catherine could only see the
lead-colored sky outside and the swirls of smoke that still rose wraith-like
into the air. Nothing else was recognizable.

"Are you going to behave, Catherine, and not act
like a wild mare?" Edward asked, his voice low and gravelly.

Catherine nodded, a quiet mewl coming from her gagged
mouth.

Edward smiled and stood back a little to survey his
prize. Catherine was slender in build and her skin was the color
of milk, though now she needed to be washed of the soot and grime that
clung to her. Even as disheveled as she was as she lay in the bed
bound, Edward could feel a wanton ache growing in his groin for this woman.

"I am going to untie you briefly so that you
are more comfortable," Edward told her in her native French.

Rolling her onto her stone smooth stomach,
Edward began to untie those knots he had tied last night. The knots
were difficult, pulled tighter by her struggles, but soon he had her ankles
unbound as well as her wrists. Catherine felt the bindings come off of
her hands and feet, but there was numbness in them that made it hard for
her to move them. It was if her body was betraying her when Edward
rolled her back over and bound her wrist again, one to each bedpost above
her head. The English then did the same to her ankles until she was
spread and exposed before him. She turned her head away, closing
her eyes and knowing what was to come. She was all out of tears.

The cold water came as a shock and instantly
she was looking to see what was happening. Her eyes met Edward's
dark, hazel ones and saw the slight smile in them. He had a dripping
cloth in his hand and was washing her body with it. Slowly, but firmly,
he washed each foot and leg, working his way up until the cold, sodden
cloth was washing her belly. Then the cloth began to caress over
her breasts, now flattened because of her position. It was a slow
lover's caress, not harsh at all, and Catherine let out a mewl of pleasure
despite herself. Edward caressed her nipples, feeling their stiffness beneath
the cloth. He rubbed the cloth over them and around them, causing his captive
to moan gently through her gag. Slowly, he worked his way up her
chest and gently began to wash away the grim from the curves of her face.
There was no longer the look of fear in her dark eyes, only a look of coy
curiosity. Then Edward bent down and kissed her on her forehead.

Edwards kisses did not linger there.
Catherine closed her eyes and felt his warm lips and rough beard caress
her cheek and neck and felt his breath when he nibbled at her ear.
There were slight purrs of pleasure rumbling in her throat as his kisses
moved down her neck and over her upper chest. The English's kiss was a
lingering kiss and it seemed like an eternity before his lips came to one
of her nipples. He did not take it into his mouth; rather he kissed
around it, caressing her areola with his tongue. Edward then kissed the
tip of her one nipple before going on to the other, never actually taking
it into his mouth. Then Edward stopped.

Catherine slowly opened her eyes and watched
Edward undress. By the light of day, he looked less menacing.
The English was a tall, broadly built man. His shoulders and arms
were burled with muscle and his chest was barrel-like and was covered with
dark hair like moss covers a rock. The scar across his stomach was
more visible now, it's purple wake crossing the rippled flesh of his belly.
His legs were sturdy and as Edward pulled his hose down, his rampant pricker
stuck out of his dense, dark bush like a thick pike. After undressing,
Edward crawled into the bed and pulled the curtains shut around the bed,
save for the side facing the window. Edward wanted to drink in Catherine's
beauty as he knelt between her open sex.

Again his lips met Catherine's flesh and now
his teeth nibbled at her passion-aching nipples. Taking each one
into his mouth, Catherine felt every pulse of bliss racing through her
as she lay bound and at his mercy. She felt her hips rocking with
the ancient rhythm and the hot, solid flesh of his penis pressing against
her thigh. Edward's hands gripped Catherine's hips and lifted them off
the bed as Edward positioned himself before her gates. Her nest tickled
at his swollen head as Catherine writhed in the limit of her bonds, wanting
him deep inside her. Her lips were swollen red and glistening with
passion. He poked his head in enough to make it slick before plunging
it in.

Catherine's heated quim engulfed Edward's pricker
in ecstasy, her silken muscles gripping Edward like milkmaid's hand upon
a teat. The rhythm of their passion was slow at first and the bonds
holding her arms and legs apart frustrated Catherine. She wanted
to dig her heels into Edward's thighs and force him into her faster, but
Edward had a slow rhythm of his own and the mewls of want from behind Catherine's
gag just made him want to enjoy her fruits more slowly. Edward's pace quickened
as he gripped her hips, forcing her into his rhythm, not the wanton fervor
of her own. Her moans had become louder and shorter, almost a chant
of lust. The wanton fires of pleasure in her womb raged through her like
a blacksmith's forge, the heat building white hot with every stroke until
Catherine was consumed in the fire brands of bliss.

Below him, Catherine's moans had become one
long one as her body writhed in its bonds as if possessed. Edward
felt his own seed boiling up within him and he fought to hold it back.
The longer he held back, the more pleasure in the end. Stroke after
stroke, he rammed into Catherine until he could hold off no longer and
flooded her womb with his spent. The heat of his seed burned through Catherine
and pushed her orgasm further until her body was not her own as the pleasure
wracked through it. She felt his arms embrace her helpless body and hug
himself to her as his rod withdrew from her. She loved the warmth
of his body and would have returned the embrace if she were not bound.

Edward lingered above her, looking at her lovely
face and the raven tresses that ringed her head like a halo. He moved
to her side and slowly caressed circles around her still erect nipples,
over her smooth belly and through the damp, dark curls of her nest.

"Catherine?" he whispered.

She opened her eyes slowly; a grin glinted
from them as she looked into Edward's hazel ones. Though her mouth
was gagged, Edward could see a slight smile around the soaked cloth. Edward
looked around the bed and found the cloth tie for the curtain. With one
swift pull, he ripped it down and coiled it beside Catherine' head. Edward
then gently lifted Catherine's head and began to untie the gag.

"Promise me not a sound or word, Catherine,
or I will leave this rotted rag in."

Catherine nodded, saying something unintelligible
into the gag.

Edward unwound the gag from between Catherine's
lips and threw it to the side.

Catherine worked her lips and jaws. They
were full, sensuous lips, like petals of a perfect red rose wanting for
the bee to kiss. She did not say a word but looked at Edward with
a puzzled frown.

"Yes, Lady Catherine?"

"You told me not to speak."

"So I did."

"I am doing so right now, Englishman."

"Indeed."

"You are a beast, Englishman. A filthy
dog of the devyl." Catherine's word spat but her voice lacked the
strength it did earlier.

"My name is Edward de Valence, Lady Catherine,
not Englishman and I am going to be your lord and keeper until your ransom
is paid. But my first chore is to find some suitable clothing for
you. I cannot have you like this, though it would please me to do
so," Edward's fingers traced his fingers through Catherine's nest of dark
curls.

"As if, m' lord de Valence, I have a choice
in this matter."

Edward smiled, "You do not, Catherine."

And with those last words, Edward took the
cloth curtain sash and pulled it tightly through Catherine's lips, her
protesting screams muffled as Edward wound the cord around and around her
head until she was fully muffled. All the while, Catherine kicked
and struggled against her bindings that held her tightly.

"I shall ungag you, Catherine, when I return.
I will find someone to watch over you until my return. You are more
valuable to me, Catherine, than you can ever know."

Edward then pinched Catherine's nipples until
the pain made her scream.

"I shall return, my pretty ride."

-oOo-

Edward drew the curtains around the opening,
completely enclosing the bed in a musty dark. It took Edward but
a moment or two to get dressed and to shut the large door behind him.
Luckily, Talbot had already placed one of Edward's locks upon the door
and left the key within it. With a click, Catherine would be alone
in the dark, a bound prisoner of Edward's lusts.

As Edward made his way down the stairs, some
of his men had started ambling in and setting themselves down on the floor
and closing their eyes. Edward could feel their weariness as he greeted
each one with a pat or a nod or a joke. But as these small gifts
of camaraderie were exchanged, all there knew of the coming hardships in
breaking the other two towers. The wrestling of the bombards into
place, the constant ear-numbing roar of each canon pounding shot after
shot day and night and the odd arrow shot at them from the besieged.
Their stay in Harfleur would not be the rest they sorely needed.

Edward sought solace outside in the cold misty
rain, huddled within his cloak's warm womb. As he ambled through
the muddy streets, his eyes searched every cloaked person to see if it
was the one that he needed to speak with.

"M'lord de Valence?" a voice called out in
back of him, a lilting, robust woman's voice that Edward knew in a moment
whose it was.

"Margaret!" Edward nearly yelled as he spun
around to see her standing in a doorway well out of the rain.

"Do not just stand there lookin' like a wet
dog, come in, come in," she motioned.

Edward rushed into the hallway, dark for lack
of candlelight, however, in the doorway, Edward could make out his favorite
'washer woman'. Her hair was the pale red of sunsets and her eyes
were green with laughter. She had a wide, smiling face to go with
her eyes. The top of her head reached to Edward's chest, but her
curves suited her well. Edward's head had rested on her ample bosom
many times during many campaigns, both before and after his wife had died.
Her son was one of the gunners in Edward's command.

"M'lord de Valence," she smiled as she hugged
him, "How I have longed to feel those arms around me again! It has
been so long."

"Indeed, it has been too long, my Margaret."

Margaret looked into Edward's hazel eyes and
saw something in there, a sullenness that made his smile bittersweet.

"What is wrong, my Edward?" she asked.

"Margaret," he said slowly, "I need to ask
of you a favor. . ."

[Continues
in Chapter 5 - Of The Heat Of The Ginger](on_french_soil5.html)

26.05.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!
