---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: There is no denying the Mystery Man
authors:
- No Hands Free
tags:
- F/m
- M/m
- bond
- bdsm
- public
- hum
- oral
- toys
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2009-06-01 00:00:00
---

On a comfortably warm spring evening Mistress decided we were going to toss off a couple of bottles of wine and just enjoy each others company as equals. It brought back fond memories of our years in college together when we would sit a talk for hours about our dreams and desires. Well one bottle turned into two and two to three, and the desires we were speaking of turned into pure fantasy.

And then I asked the worst question I could ever ask her. I asked her what situation was her ultimate desire to see me in. What could I offer to her that would please her beyond all else. She said in a totally calm voice without hesitation, "I desire above all else to watch as a beautiful man makes love to you."

The look of shock on my face must have been extremely noticeable to her.

"I want it to be a beautiful thing."

She laid out a scenario where her and I would pick one man from our many gay friends and go out to dinner. This would be a dinner at a 4 star restaurant. Maybe we as a group would take in a show or a movie. Stop off at a club for some wine and some dancing. Mistress had laid out what would have been a beautiful evening for us, but the thought of the end of the evening coming back to our place and a man would be making love to me ruined the entire plan. And then she hit me with the ultimatum. "You WILL help me pick the man for this or I will pick him for you."

This told me I was going to give this desire to her no matter what. So I reluctantly agreed to start the screening process.

The gay friends we have are all a very fun loving group of people and pretty much would go along with anything. There are in the group, full blown queens, leather men into bondage that would make your hair curl, and those that you would not know were gay unless you asked. Mistress and I without any of them knowing it started casually interviewing them for as Mistress put it affectionately my "Big Daddy". Mistress and I ran through all of them, and she even introduced others to me that I had seen at the clubs we frequented but had never been introduced to. The list of possible candidates got shorter and shorter with me finding an excuse why each one would not do, Mistress got more and more disgusted with me.

"I will have this even if I have to choose the man myself." She said. "I wanted to see a beautiful thing where my little boi is gently and passionately made love to by a refined and intelligent gay man with you and him enjoying an evening of mutual pleasure. But I can see that is not to be." She said.

She seemed to drop the subject over the next few months and we resumed our usual forms of BDSM activities. You see I live in her house where I am the cook, housemaid, maintenance man and most of all I am her bitch. Mistress has a voracious sexual appetite. I have trouble sometimes keeping up with her. I have been on my knees in front of the sofa eating her pussy while she watched a movie. I will bring her to multiple orgasms during each movie and if she misses a part of the movie she will back it up to watch the scene again. I love eating pussy but a 2 hour movie turned into a 3 hour epic with a flick of the rewind button is more than any man can keep up with.

I have been tied under the table for some more oral sex while she eats a 3 course meal I prepared for her. Even on the nights when we make love up in our bed it is by her rules. I am truly her bitch with a capital B. She will give me two tabs of Evitra leading up to our evening of love making, the kind that stays in your system all day long. So I am to the point where all I need is a cool breeze on my penis to give her the erection she desires me to have, and she will tease me unmercifully. She will some time during the evening take me up stairs and treat me like her whore. And if I have displeased her in any small way she will tie my hands to my collar so I cannot masturbate and roll over and go to sleep after she has taken her pleasure from me. She will just leave me high and dry with no chance of relief for the night. Can you say blue balls?

I am sorry I digressed, back to the main reason for this writing. The Club that the majority of our gay friends frequent is a local club which a lot of our personal friends frequent. It is a swingers club primarily but there is also a large gay population and is equipped with many themed rooms for the members to enjoy. We usually frequent the back half of the basement which is a very well equipped dungeon space. No expense was spared setting this section up. It is impressive.

I knew this is where Mistress was heading when she have me the command to strip down to my panties in the parking garage and chained my hands behind my back to my double ringed collar. The panties she had chosen for me this evening simply said PAIN WHORE across the seat in large white letters. She clipped my leash to the second ring at the front of the collar and led me into the club. The BDSM bar has hitching posts behind every bar stool. She picked one of these and locked my leash to the one which has a rough cut 2 X 4 connected to it to bend some one over. Out of her toy bag she pulled out a heavy leather belt, a wooden paddle with holes drilled into it and 2 stingy canes. She showed me each implement as she removed them from the bag. Into my mouth she inserted the large penis gag and locked it on tight. She then blind folded me.

Last but not least she lubed me up and inserted a vibrating inflatable butt plug. I then heard her walk away as the DJ started to lay down the first tracks of the night. I know from experience of watching others whom were in the same situation as I am the Swingers love this. They get to try their skills or lack of on some one else’s slave. The belt is the most used implement. The swinger men consider themselves to be Manly Men who can make love to multiple partners in a single night and will tear up any man who let them selves be put into this situation. They consider them to be inferior and abuse them mightily. By the time these men and sometimes women were done with me my ass was blistered and I was in a head space to die for.

Mistress returned after a couple of hours of her enjoying the company of many of the men who had just enjoyed taking a belt to my unprotected ass. The panties were cut off of me early on in the evening. No further need of advertising. Mistress unlocked me from the hitching post and we retired further back into the dungeon space where she strapped me over the short bondage table. My hands were locked to each of the front legs of the table and my legs to the rear two. I was pulled down the table so I was unable to let my head fall down to relax. Two ropes were tied to the straps of my blind fold and attached to points on each side of the table. Thus I was unable to swing my head from side to side. This made the penis gag a bit easier to handle because my throat was now a straight shot, and the gag slid back making it much more comfortable. She then strapped my torso to the table using the belt that until recently had been used to blister my ass unmercifully.

Mistress spoke into my left ear loud enough for me to hear it, "Ok bitch I wanted to see a beautiful thing where a man made love to you but you have forced my hand. I really wanted you to enjoy it as much as your male lover did. Those cards are off the table now".

"While you have been relaxing and getting your foreplay from the swingers all evening. I have been quite busy raffling your virgin ass off. I personally sold 50 tickets. Between the gays and the leather men over 150 tickets were sold for the chance to take your virginity. The tickets were sold for the bargain price of $2. So not only are you going to be some mans whore, you are going to be a real cheap one. You know each and every one of them personally. They know you".

I heard something large being set down next to the bondage table.

"That would be my sofa. I am going to lounge here like a Roman Princess watching the winner of tonight’s raffle take your virginity as many times in as many ways as they desire. And I will have a ring side seat to your public deflowering".

Mistress removed the penis gag from my mouth and I immediately begged her not to do this. I would choose any of the friends we had interviewed. I would go along with it and make it an enjoyable show for her in our home. I even begged for her to invite multiple partners to take me in private. I even told her I would pick a partner for her who was well endowed and could make love to her all night if she would only stop this madness. Tears were running out from beneath my blindfold.

Her only response to my panic was, "Are you quite done? As I said those cards are off the table and I meant it".

With that she opened my mouth enough to insert a ring gag she must have borrowed from one of the leather men. This ring gag opened my mouth to the point of discomfort. And with the ring gag inserted I offered her expensive gifts to please untie me and take me home. This produced a round and laughter from the group who were forming around to watch the show.

The DJ paused in laying down the evening tracks to make an announcement. "Tonight we have a special show Mistress Pi has been kind enough to offer up her boi to one lucky winner. Seems the little bitch did not find any of you worthy to make love to him at his Mistress’ request so she had to take matters into her own hands. Mistress Pi has but one request and is that the winner was to be silent the entire time he was taking his prize. Not a word was to be spoken at any time. The crowd was to refrain from speaking any names. The winner was to remain a Mystery forever!!! Other than that the winner may use boi in any way they choose for as long as they wish, Be Creative".

Knowing my attacker would have made avoiding him for the rest of my life possible. I became more terrified knowing this person would have freedom with my body in any way he chose and would be humiliating me before a crowd of at least 200 people. Then the DJ made one more announcement before the winning ticket was pulled. "Any person telling me who the Mystery Man was would be barred from the club without a reimbursement of the $4000 membership fee". This club was the only swingers club in town and the surrounding counties. It was the only swingers club that made everyone take an aids test before joining by the clubs doctors. This gave everyone the opportunity to fly bareback. My heart sunk.

The DJ read off the last 4 digits of the winning ticket as "2742". I did not hear any response of a winner. Mistress spoke to me the last time simply telling me let MY show begin.

To be continued…
