---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: My Wife is So Kind?
authors:
- Clarence
tags:
- FF/m
- chast
- catsuit
- bond
- massage
- tease
- denial
- stuck
- cons
- X
date: 2011-02-02 00:00:00
---

We were going on holiday the next day.  Laura told me if I cleaned the garage and cut the grass, she would give me a full-body massage.

It was hot with hardly any breeze but I managed to do it all, though I was a real sweatball by the time I finished.

I took a shower and then stood, naked, in front of her waiting for the massage.

"I'm sorry, dear, but I am so busy preparing for our holiday.  Remember, this is also a business trip for me.'

But then she brightened my day.  "I've made an appointment for you for the massage.  Now let's get you ready."

She brought out my crotch restraint and put it on me.  First, a steel ring which fit snugly over my penis.  Then a connected strap which went around the back of my balls and locked.  She has used this on me before, sometimes leashing me to the bed by the ring which is on top of the strap.  But this time it was something different - - before she snapped the lock she attached a large jingle bell.  Now each time I moved, I would jingle loudly.

"Now put on your catsuit."

Sometimes, on cold nights, I sleep in my catsuit.  Nice and warm, with no open space between neck and ankles!  She zipped it up in back and then put my collar around my neck, locking it along with the zipper.  Then she gave me the address and handed me my cellphone, telling me to call when I got there.

I arrived to find a very attractive woman wearing a red leotard, my favorite item of clothing on a woman.  I called home and Laura talked with the woman.  The woman then reached around the back of my neck and unlocked the lock; when she showed it to me, it was a small combination lock.  So even if I had the combination, I would be unable even to see it to open it.

I slipped off the catsuit and when she saw the jingle bell, she laughed, and then reached down and tapped it with her finger.

We went back into the massage room and the table looked more like it came from a dungeon.  There was a metal frame attached to the table.   She ordered me to lie down on it, on my back, and she proceeded to fasten my limbs to the frame with leather cuff.  Arms straight out to the side, legs so I was at a 45 degree angle apart.  She then reached around the back of my neck and removed the collar.

Her hands went all over my body, except that she did not touch my penis or balls.  And though it was really erotic, I could not get hard because the steel ring on my penis kept me from getting larger.  After a half-hour or so, she pushed a button and the frame moved up from a center post at the head and end of the table.  She then slowly spun the frame so now I was facing the table; she lowered it and now I was lying on my stomach, still restrained.

More rubbing and then, to finish it off, a gloved finger in my ass!

"Your wife said you really love that.  What she ought to buy for you is a dildo harness."

The massage was finished.  I put on my catsuit and the woman put my collar back on and locked it in the back.  Though I had no sexual relief, it sure felt good.  I figured I would take care of the relief - - solo - - when I got home.  But no Laura, just a note that she had to go to the office and that she would be back in time to go to the airport.  All that pent-up "energy" and nowhere to go.

When she got home, she informed me that I would be wearing the pseudo-chastity until we got to our destination.

I worried silently if she was going to frustrate me further by leaving the key at home.

Clarence
