---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'I Married a Sex Slave 3: The Masked Intruder'
authors:
- sfmaster@att.net
tags:
- M/f
- D/s
- game
- scene
- intruder
- capture
- bond
- cuffs
- gag
- strip
- force
- bdsm
- paddle
- tease
- oral
- sex
- climax
- cons/reluct
- X
---

(story continues from [**I Married a Sex Slave 2: Domestic Bliss**](imarriedasexslave2.html))

**Part 3: The Masked Intruder**

I stood in the hall closet, sweating profusely from nervousness, wondering just how I had gotten myself into this mess.  Covering my face was a ski mask (in May), and I was holding a pair of handcuffs and a ball-gag.  I glanced at my watch, hoping that Connie would return home soon.  So that we could get this fantasy of hers started.

It all began two weeks ago…

We had just watched one of Connie’s bondage tapes, where a woman returns home and is surprised by a man waiting for her, who promptly ties her up.  Searching the house, he finds a complete bondage setup.  He takes her downstairs, cuts her clothes off, and then forces her into submission with her own toys.

“Master Sam?” Connie asked.

“Yes, dear,” I answered.  I can always tell these days when Connie wants something – she addresses me as “Master.”

“That’s always been one of my fantasies – to be placed in bondage by a masked stranger – and punished.”

“Have you ever done anything like that before?” I asked.

“Could we, please?” she begged, “I’ll go out and wear an old dress I don’t care for anymore and then come home.  You can be waiting for me in the hall closet, handcuff and gag me, then take me downstairs to the playroom, cut off the sundress and my underwear, and have your way with me!”

“Why would a woman want something like that?” I asked.

“Sam, you know so little about women – deep down, a lot of women want secretly to be taken sexually – even if they deny it to themselves.”

“I guess you’re the expert on sexual fantasies.”

“Could we do it, Master, please?” she begged.

“Well, I just don’t know – forcing you into submission is different than what we usually do.”

“As soon as you’ve cuffed me I’ll be very docile and obedient – all part of the fantasy.”

“I’ll have to think about it,” I told her.

Finally, after week of being buttered up (rich dinners, wild in bed) I agreed to do Connie’s rape bondage fantasy the following Saturday.  Connie would wear her old sundress and undies, which I would cut from her after being handcuffed.

But that didn’t make waiting in the hall closet any easier!

Back when I was in College, I had a very liberal professor, who said that porn was OK because it allowed a safety valve and let people explore their own sexuality.  I wondered what he would think of me now!

I heard the front door open, and through the partially opened closet door (about a centimeter) I watched as Connie entered the house, and closed the front door behind her.  I saw that her right hand was behind her back!  And she had placed her purse on the floor.

The sound of the front door closing was my signal – now or never!  I silently pushed open the closet door (our fantasy had made me oil the damn hinges) and reached out and locked the metal cuff on Connie’s right wrist, and then grabbed her left hand with mine, and twisted it behind her back, and then locked the cuff on her left wrist.

Connie opened her mouth as if to scream, and that’s when I placed the ball-gag between her teeth and buckled the strap behind her neck.

“Mmmmmph!” Connie mumbled from behind the gag.

“Alright bitch,” I snarled, “where’s the money?”

Holding her by her left forearm, I retrieved her purse from the floor, and dragged Connie over to one of the living room chairs.  I forced her to sit, as I ransacked her wallet.

“Ten Dollars!” I cried, “Is that all you have on you?”

Connie nodded her head in assent.

“Well you better have more than this,” I told her, “or else!”

With that I locked Connie’s ankle (with the second set of cuffs) to one of the chair legs.  She wouldn’t be going anywhere unless I released her.

“I’m going to look around sweetheart – and you had better be here when I get back!”

If there is one thing that is really laughable about Adult films, it’s the inane and often silly dialogue.  I wish for a return to the porn films of the 70s, where are least they made a stab at making a real movie.  Today’s video cheapies, by comparison are really idiotic.

I made a real show of stamping through the house, opening drawers and slamming doors, pretending to look for money.  Finally, after going downstairs to the Playroom and mock yelling “Holy Shit!” did I return to the living room.

I was holding the recently purchased leg irons, a leash, collar, and the riding crop.

“Are these yours?” I growled at Connie.

She indicated no.

“Lying bitch,” I told her, as I struck her bare leg with the crop.

“Mmmmmph!”

“Nice little collection of toys downstairs, darling – perhaps instead of cash I take it in trade?”

Connie indicated no.

I reached down to the floor and unlocked Connie’s ankle from the chair, then shackled her ankles together.  I removed the second set of cuffs from the chair leg, and placed them in my pocket.

Connie remained seated in the chair, and I casually forced my hand down the front of her sundress, into her bra and twisted her nipples.

“Mmmmmph!” Connie resisted my efforts, and tried to pull away.

“Nothing doing, Bitch!” I told Connie as I again struck her with the riding crop.

I locked the collar around Connie’s neck, and she squealed as she realized that she was completely in my power.  I attached the leash to the collar, and pulled her to her feet.

“Let’s go downstairs, honey,” I told her, pulling on the leash.

On the dining room table I had “left” a pair of scissors.  They sat, waiting to play their part in our little fantasy.

“Hey, what’s this?” I said, discovering the scissors, and holding them in my left hand.

Connie’s eyes went wide when she saw me play with the scissors.

“Okay, honey, let’s see what you’ve got.”

Connie stood impassively as I used the scissors to cut the thin material of the sundress from her body.  I then ripped off the remains, which fell to the floor in a heap.  I next cupped Connie’s breast with my right hand, then my hand wandered down to between her legs.

“Mmmmmph!” Connie said in defiance.

“Alright, sweetheart, if that’s the way you want it,” I said as I cut first her bra, and then her panties off.  Connie stood naked and chained in the dining room, wearing only a pair of modest heels.

For further effect, I reached down between her legs, and started to massage her cunt.  Connie responded, and I knew that she was waiting for the next stage of her fantasy.

“Slut!” I told her, striking her bare bottom with the riding crop.

“Mmmmmph!”

“Alright then, bitch, you asked for this!” I told her as I pulled Connie by the leash down to the stairs.  She followed obediently, and I only pulled her as fast as the chain would allow.

We entered the Playroom, where all of our toys were nicely on display for my use.

I backed Connie up against the wall, and locked her leash to a ringbolt on the wall.  Connie obliged by pulling on the chain with her hands, only displaying her helplessness in bondage.

“Mmmmph!”

I then walked over to the wall rack (that I had constructed) and made a great show of taking each toy down and playing with it in my hands.  I tried out the whip (which I just learned to use); the paddle; the riding crop; and held the nipple clamps between my fingers.  Then I picked up the vibrator, and set it buzzing in my hand.

“Quite a nice little collection her, sweetie?  Are all these toys for you, or someone else?”

Connie didn’t acknowledge my question, so I picked up the crop and walked over to her.

“You’re in no position to resist, darling,” I cautioned her.

I placed the pad at the crop’s end against her nipple and pushed gently.

“Mmmmmph!” Connie cried.

“So are these things used on you?” I demanded.

Connie nodded “yes.”

“That’s better,” I said, “I wouldn’t want to think that you might be using these on another girl, perhaps.”

I then reached down and began to suck and bite her erect nipples with my lips and teeth, making Connie squeal.  But it wasn’t until my hand reached down and I forced two of fingers into her already wet and excited sex did she really react to my ministrations.

“Mmmmmmph!” Connie cried.

I forced my fingers upwards into her sex, making Connie lift herself onto her toes.  She stood precariously in her heels, the ankle chain the only sound in the Playroom.

“Mmmmmph!”

I finger fucked her, my digits frictioning themselves against the walls of her wet snatch.  I stopped just short of letting her come – that would be for later.

“Slut!” I told Connie as I removed my fingers and wiped them on a hankie.

“Mmmmmph!”

“You’re going to get a flogging, honey.  Because that’s what you deserve.  All you Long Island cunts are the same spoiled bitches.”

Before flogging Connie I got out the leather bondage bracelets, which I locked around her wrists.  Unlocking the handcuffs, I locked the wrist cuffs to one of the pillars in the playroom, so Connie had her hands above her head.

I removed the flogger from the rack, and held it in my hands.  I let the leather strands run through my hands for effect.  Before I began to flog Connie, I placed two half-dollars into her right hand.  Gagged, she couldn’t use her safeword, but this way if she had a problem, the noise of coins on the hard floor would make me stop instantly.

Whack!  Whack! Whack!

Whack!  Whack!  Whack!

There are many kinds of floggers: leather, suede, and rubber.  I was using the suede one that produced a satisfying sound, but really didn’t hurt too much.  It had the advantage that I could use it for a long time.

Whack!  Whack!  Whack!

Whack!  Whack! Whack!

“Mmmmph!” Connie cried from behind her gag.

After what seemed like a long enough time and strokes, I stopped.

“If I take you down and give you a glass of water do you promise that you won’t scream?” I demanded.

Connie nodded her assent.

I unlocked her wrists, and placed her on a wooden chair that we keep in the playroom.  I locked her wrists behind her back, and a leather belt around her waist would keep her tied to the chair.

“I’ll be right back,” I said, “don’t go anywhere!”

After a couple of minutes in the kitchen, I returned with a plastic sports bottle that I had filled with ice water.  Connie was still naked and bound in the chair where I had left her.

“Remember your promise – don’t scream!” I said.  Just for good measure I turned a radio on – loud – and the TV in the den as well.

I unbuckled the ball-gag slowly, and removed it from betweens Connie’s jaws.  She gasped for breath, swallowed, and exercised her jaw muscles, which had been cruelly kept open by the rubber ball in her mouth.

“Thank you,” Connie breathed, “May I have some water?” she asked.

“Sure, honey – take it slowly in little sips,” I said as I held the bottle up to her lips.

She sucked slowly on the plastic straw, never taking too much water at any one time.

“Feel better?” I asked.

“Yes, thank you,” she answered, “what’s your name?”

“Dan,” I answered.

Connie asked.  “Do you usually wait in a woman’s home, then tie her up, strip her naked, and flog her with her own toys?”

“Only when they deserve it,” I answered, “and few women have a bondage playroom downstairs.”

“Have you ever flogged a woman before?” Connie asked.

“Let’s just say I’ve been around,” I answered, trying to sound tough.

“Well you’re very good at it,” she said.

“Thank you.”

“Shall we continue?” I asked.

“For an assailant, you’re pretty confident,” Connie said.

“Thank you,” I replied.

I pinched her already erect nipples between my fingers, making her flinch within her bondage.  Tied to the chair, she wasn’t going anywhere.

“Do you do this often?” I asked.

“Get sexually assaulted?” Connie answered.

“No, get placed in bondage.”

“Let’s just say that my husband satisfies my desires,” Connie answered, “no matter what they may be.”

“He must be quite some guy then.”

“Thank you, ouch!”

“For that, you deserve a paddling, darling!”

Connie’s next punishment took place across my lap.  Her ankles were still chained together, and her wrists locked behind her back.  The radio & TV were still playing, so any sounds that she made were drowned out.

“Do you get spanked often?” I asked.

“My husband spanks me a lot.”

“Really!”

Slap!  Slap!  Slap!

My bare hand impacted on her upturned bottom, leaving a red mark behind.  I set up a regular rhythm, striking one part of her red ass, then another.

Slap!  Slap!  Slap!

“I thought that you wanted money?” Connie asked, “Ouch!”

“Like I said, honey, I’ll take it in trade instead,” I grunted in reply.

“Ouch!  Ouch!  Ouch!” Connie squealed with every impact on her sore bottom.

“If that hurts, honey – time now for the Paddle!”

I started striking her bottom with the black leather paddle that I bought at the S&M shop.

Crack!  Crack!  Crack!

“Ouch!” Connie cried.

“What else are you going to do with?” Connie asked, “Since I’m helpless in my chains.”

“Whatever I desire, honey.  My are you always this wet?” I questioned as I placed my fingers into her wet slit.

“Let’s just say that I’m sexually orientated,” Connie answered, “Aaaaaaah!”

Crack!  Crack!  Crack!

“Please, please!  Don’t hit me with the paddle anymore – it hurts!” Connie cried.

Her mock protests of pain contrasted with the last time I had used the paddle and gotten tired – Connie had joked that was called “wearing your Dom out.”

“No sweetheart, I’m going to continue until that ass of yours will be as red as a Coke can.”

“No, no!  I’ll do anything – just stop hitting me.”

“Anything?”

“I’ll suck your cock,” she offered.

“What about those teeth of yours, honey?  I don’t want my dick to get bitten off.”

“Look on the wall – there’s an O ring gag.  You can gag me with it, then place your cock down my throat, and there’s nothing I can do to stop you!”

“Sounds good,” I answered.

I placed Connie on her knees on the floor, and on the rack was the gag.  I held it in hands, and then displayed it for Connie.  She opened her mouth, and I fitted the thing inside, buckling it at the back of her neck.

“Uuuuuuh!” Connie tried to talk.

I undid my black jeans and pulled my underpants down to reveal my erect and stiff cock.  Punishing Connie had now become a turn on for me as well, not just her.

I grabbed Connie by her hair, and pulled her closer to my chair.  My cock was poised at the entrance to her open mouth, outlined by the gleaming stainless steel ring.  Gradually, I pushed my meat into her red opened mouth, and she grunted as the cock drove further and further deeper.

“Mmmmmmm!” Connie cried.

“Make me come,” I ordered her, “Or I’ll start up again.”

Making limited use of her tongue, Connie sucked at my already erect and ready cock as I drove into her mouth.  Soon, I was ready to shoot my load, and I did so, into the back of her throat.  She gasped, but managed to swallow my come as it sprayed into her.

“Not bad,” I said as I withdrew, “I’ll just bet that you’re a lot better without that gag in your mouth,” I then unbuckled and removed the gag from her mouth.

“Aaaaaa!” Connie answered.

“But I’m still randy!” I told her, “get on your back, sweetie – let’s see just how good that cunt of yours is!”

Connie quickly obliged, and I placed a pillow under her so that the bracelets would dig into her back.  I produced the key, and opened her ankle cuffs.

“Now open wide, darling!”  This had better be good or else!”

I plunged my steel hard cock into her wet slit, and she moaned as I buried it up to my balls.  Then I started thrusting it inside her, making her moan and buck.  Still wearing her heels, she raised her legs to surround my body and my thrusting cock.

“Fuck me!  Fuck me!” Connie cried.

I rammed my cock inside her time after time, making her moan with both pleasure and pain.  My cock was hard as steel inside her, and I didn’t let up for a moment.

“I’m coming!” Connie cried, bucking underneath me.

Connie exploded into a mind shattering orgasm, the likes of which I’d never seen before.  Sure, after one of our usual sessions I would take her sexually, and she would experience a climax.  But this was a tidal wave of bucking and moaning.

“Aaaaaaah!  Aaaaaaah!  Aaaaaaaah!” Connie cried.

Did my putting on a ski mask and forcing her into a pretend rape really make that much of a difference?  It didn’t matter, since I was swept away by the same tide of emotion that overcame Connie.

I moaned in sympathy with her, holding Connie underneath me.  We breathed in unison together.

In the dining room I chained Connie to one of the chairs, then secured a belt around her waist and one over her shoulders.  She was naked, with her hands cuffed behind her back and her ankles chained together as well.

“My husband will be back soon,” said Connie, “You had better leave.”

“Soon darling,” I said, “Open wide!”

I inserted the penis gag into her mouth, since that had a small hole running through its length that she could breathe through.  I then buckled it at the back of her neck. Finally, I twisted her right nipple, making her squeal with pain.

“Thanks for a wonderful afternoon, sweetheart.  Tell your husband that he’s a lucky man.”

Leaving her bound and gagged to the chair, I exited the dining room.  In the foyer, I stripped off my ski mask and opened the front door and stepped outside.  Going into the Garage, I had a change of clothes waiting for me.  I quickly changed my clothes – Sam, loving husband, and Dom, replaced the masked intruder.

 “Honey, I’m home!” I announced as I opened the front door.

I walked inside the house, closing the door behind me.  Entering the Dining Room, I saw Connie in her bondage.

“What’s going on here?” I questioned.

The intruder had left the keys on the dining room table, and it was just a matter of minutes before Connie was unlocked and out of her bondage.

“Sam, when I got home there was a man waiting for me in the closet.  He cuffed me, ripped my sundress off, took me downstairs and then flogged and spanked me.”

“Anything else?” I demanded.

“Yes, he put his cock down my throat and I swallowed his come.  Next he took me on the floor, and fucked my brains out.  It was just so horrible!” she cried.

“We’ll just have to call the cops and get the locks changed,” I said in response.

“Yes, Master,” Connie, agreed.

Later that evening, when we were in bed together, Connie cuddled up close to me.  I could smell the perfume from between her breasts.

“That was simply wonderful, Master Sam,” Connie cooed softly next to me, “I’ve always wanted to be taken like that.”

“Just so long as you enjoyed it,” I told her.

“Perhaps the intruder might make a second appearance?” Connie asked.

“Maybe,” I answered, “Someday.”

I could see the look of contentment on her face as she drifted off to sleep.  In the garage, the ski mask smiled in response.

The End of “I Married A Sex Slave PT3: The Masked Intruder.”

Attn: Readers please feel free to send e-mail to the author. I do want to hear from you!



15.07.15

story continues in [**I Married a Sex Slave 4a: Tormented Toni**](imarriedasexslave4.html)

o0o
