---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/love_of_rubber_newlife3.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Love of Rubber
authors:
- Willy Jim
tags:
- F+/m
- mpov
- latex
- catsuit
- heavy
- layers
- public
- mittens
- hood
- gag
- inflate
- sleepsack
- cuffs
- mast
- breathplay
- climax
- stink
- enclosed
- transported
- sweat
- cons
- reluct
- XXX
date: 2025-02-15 00:00:00
---

#### New Life Part 3

We finally made it to Montreal and arrived at the hotel. We were staying at the Auberge du Vieux-Port in old Montreal. We deliberately made the most of our arrival with three lovely minxes in skin tight rubber driving up in a black hearse not to mention Dear Rubber Doll Scarlet and her escort. Every cell phone for locks was recording our arrival. Our cameras were also running full blast catching all of the reactions from the onlookers. Our checkin was just as audacious. Sandy checked us all in and we paraded through the lobby and eventually made it to our rooms.

“Here is your room Willy.” Sandy led me into my room together with all the cameras. She sat me in one of the chairs. “See you later Willy. Don’t get into any trouble.” She then left me there. Trouble? I can’t even leave the room with these rubber blowup mitts on so I just sat there like a rubber covered lady-in-waiting. An hour or so later Sandy and the girls returned along with the cameras. “Willy, it is time to get you ready for the night.” With that they began to undress me down to my rubber dolly suit and corset. They then began strapping me into a chair. “See you in the morning Willy”.I screamed into my gag. Candy kissed me on my rubber covered forehead and said. “Night night Poor Willy. Sleep tight.” and they left the room. Much to my surprise they returned in a few minutes this time without the cameras. “Well Will, you have probably had enough for one day. Let’s get you out of all of this and clean you up.” With that the girls began to undress me from all my rubber layers. I was finally down to my hero suit. “We will let you get the rest off and clean up. We plan to meet in the lobby in an hour. There is a lot to plan for Poor Willy for the upcoming weekend.

I cleaned up in the shower. I dressed in street clothes and joined the crew in the lobby. They applauded me as I entered. “Well done Poor Willy, Well done.” I wasn’t sure what to do so I took a bow as if I were in front of an audience. Sandy then said that she booked a spot in Auberge du Vieux-Port’s Living Room which is located in the heart of the Auberge so we could relax, talk, and have a few drinks before having dinner.

“Well, I suppose by now you have a few questions about the plans for the weekend and for Poor Willy. First off as far as the cameras and your loyal fans are concerned you are stuck in your rubber layers without a break for the entire weekend. As you can see that is not the case. We will however dress you in the doll suit each morning to give that illusion. Beyond that we have other plans for you which we will keep as a surprise. The shock value of you not knowing what will happen to you seems to make for a good video.”

“What about tomorrow or is that a secret?” I asked. “Since the fetish weekend officially starts the next day, we will have time to tour the city and have a solo photo shoot with Willy and the crew. Sounds OK?”

“I guess so. At least I will not be trussed up in all manner of rubber bondage for the day.” I looked for some form of agreement for the crew. They just looked at each other and politely smiled.

We talked about other plans for setting up the Kiosk and promoting our rubber suit line. The conversation then shifted to the exploits of the day. Eventually we decided to eat dinner and I arranged a table on the rooftop, Terrasse Sur L’auberge. It was a lovely evening and the perfect spot for a meal. The views are incredible, with a panoramic view of the Old Port, St. Lawrence River and Pont Jacques Cartier on one side, and St. Paul Street on the other. We drank and ate, enjoying the view and the rest of the evening. On our way back to our rooms I commented to Sandy “I suppose you have something similar planned for Poor Willy at the Euro Folsom. We will attend the Euro Folsom bash next month.”

Her response was “It will top anything we have done to date.” I somehow found that a troubling thought to sleep on.

---

The next morning the girls and Bobby showed up to set up for a continuation of my final scene last evening. I was ready, this time in my neck entry rubber suit. The girls redressed me in the doll suit and corset. This time I was without the rubber gimp suit. “Sorry Will but you will need to wear the gag again. Your grunting in the gag is too precious not to include.”

The gag was once again wedged into my mouth and I once again found myself in total rubber. They then strapped me to the chair to make it look like I was forced to sleep the entire night trusted up in rubber layers. The camera came in and we began to tape my morning ritual. I protested for the camera. They ceremoniously unstrapped me and then the girls redressed me in my Victorian gown and wig adding a rubber version of an Organza hat. I looked like I was going to the Kentucky Derby. They replaced the diabolical inflatable ball bondage gloves with rubber lace trimmed fingerless mitts. The girls were dressed as usual in their fetchingly tight rubber catsuits. This time they wore full masks. Bobby was dressed in an all rubber version of a Victorian men’s suit complete with a traditional cutaway morning coat and rubber top hat. Dress to impress, we were off to see the sights of Old Montreal.

Sandy chose today versus the fetish weekend days to give us alone time for photo ops. We had several destinations planned for the day. First was the Notre-Dame Basilica. We walked around the Old Port neighborhood of Montreal, until we saw the two large towers of the Notre-Dame Basilica of Montreal. We were impressed by the outside and took ample photos and videos of our group on the basilica steps. We continued to walk around Old Montreal. It is appropriately named as it is the oldest neighborhood in the city, and contains the site where Montreal was first established in 1642. Next we climbed Mount Royal. It is a mountain located right in the heart of downtown Montreal with its luscious view of the city.

Next we visited the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts for more photos. Then onto Sainte Catherine Street (Rue Ste.-Catherine locally) is the shopping hub of Montreal. Our “High” rubber fashion seemed totally in place here. Next we walked to The Underground City which is one of Canada’s busiest shopping streets. It was time to see what lies beneath it. Montreal is home to what is widely called an “underground city.” The RÉSO, as it is officially named, is a network of nearly 20 miles (32 kilometers) of underground paths and tunnels which connect shopping centers.subway stations, and buildings. This will no doubt be a favorite area for the fetish weekenders. The next place we visited was the Place des Festivals which is in the heart of downtown Montreal. It is an entertainment district known as the Quartier des spectacles. The centerpiece of that district, The Place is essentially an outdoor public square built to host big festivals and big crowds No doubt full rubber ladened fetish freaks beginning tomorrow.

We continued our photo session as we made our way back to Old Montreal and our hotel. It was late afternoon when we returned to Auberge du Vieux-Port. I was exhausted from all that walking, especially in this heavy rubber dress. The sweat in my inner suit formed a vacuum as I walked. The suit began to stick to my skin half way through the day, making each step arduous.

Once we entered the hotel, Sandy mentioned that we all needed to eat. I agreed. I was tired and hungry. “Lets’ feed Poor Willy first.” I was confused. Why not just get me out of all this rubber, call it a day, and we can all enjoy a nice meal? Instead they took me to my room and proceeded to feed me though my gag tube. *This must be for the camera,* I thought.

“It is getting late,” Sandy said, “Let’s get Poor Willy ready for the night.”

I went along with it figuring we need the footage for the video. They undressed me down to my silicone doll suit. I walked to the bed only to find that there was a heavy rubber sleep sack waiting for me. Figuring this was all just play acting and once the camera was gone, they would let me out of all this rubber until morning. I dutifully laid down on the sleep sack on my stomach. It took two of the girls to work the heavy zipper up. Once the zipper was pulled up over the builtin hood, they rolled me on my back and began to strap me in. They tugged on the straps with all their might making sure they were as tight as possible. I thought this seemed a little unnecessary since I soon would be out of all this rubber.

Once I was secure Sandy leaned over and repeated those dreadful words again. “Sleep tight Poor Willy.” With that everyone left the room. I lay there fully expecting that they would soon return. They didn’t. I came to the grave conclusion that this was all a plan to further add to Poor Willy’s suffering. I went crazy screaming in my gag and tossing myself around on the bed. All I managed to do was increase both exhaustion and the sweat in my rubber suits.

I did manage to sleep only due to my total exhaustion. It must have been early morning when I heard voices again.

“Do you think he is mad because of our little prank?”

“Not when he sees the results of the camera we placed in his room to record all his struggles. The Poor Willy fans will love his genuine agony. Let’s get him out and cleaned up for his ‘coming out party’ on the first day of the Fetish Weekend.”

The camera came in and I recorded me being wrestled out of my sleep sack and walked to a chair in my room. The taping was cut at that point I was allowed to undress and clean up. We all met for an early breakfast and discussed the upcoming plans for the day. The girls were going to work at the kiosk in the vendor area presenting our new rubber clothing line. Bobby and I will walk the show. I will be once more dressed as a Victorian rubber tart. Bobby would remain my escort for the day. We would join the various rubber groups in all merriment. This actually seemed like fun. After breakfast we went back to my room and finished the scene where we left off earlier. I first donned one of my rubber hero suits then I was put back in the silicone doll suit. As far as the cameras were concerned I never left any of my rubber layers since we departed Minneapolis two days ago.

Once dressed, we all poured into the black Caddy hearse and drove to the city central where the festivities were supposed to begin. The arrival of the hearse and the rubber crew prompted cheers from the crowd. We were a hit. We all hammed it up a bit. Then we split up. The girls headed off to the Expo Kick area where we set up our kiosk to see our rubber clothing line. Our first stop was at the Hotel Zero for brunch at their Estrella Restaurant. Unfortunately in my gagged state meant I could not eat. We could only mingle. Bobby had to do all the talking. Sandy was right. Actually being gagged for the affair added a bit of authenticity not to mention being a source of conversation…with Bobby.

We attended a workshop in the hotel’s lower level. Our VIP tickets got us into some of the demonstrations. We chose a class on latex design. It was fascinating but we were anxious to get out and socialize with other rubber eccentrics. We visited Expo Kink to see all of the various fetish vendors. Bobby and I stopped at our kiosk but there was such a crowd that we did not want to distract the girls.

We returned to the street where the chatter seemed to change. We were in a group of people from Germany all dressed in rubber when someone in the group pointed to me and said, “Did you know this is actually Poor Willy?”

“Poor Willy? You mean there’s a real, live, Poor Willy and he is not just a fictional character?”

Bobby reinforced their discovery by stating that yes, Poor Willy was a real person and that I was him. The group was awestruck as was I to think that my notoriety extended all the way to Germany.

That one other person spoke up and said, “I hear a rumor that under all that rubber doll costume Willy is wearing an airtight bondage suit and that he is forced to wear it the entire weekend. Is that true?” Bobby nodded. Suddenly the group was all a buzz with comments. “MY God! How can you stand it?”

“Are you alright in there?”

“I can not imagine what it must be like.”

“Poor Willy.”

From that moment on we became part of their group and spent the rest of the day striding through the other rubber groups as one by one they introduced me as the actual Poor Willy. I was amazed at the number of rubberist who have watched my videos and knew of the plight of my character. You would think I was some kind of rubber rockstar.

This continued until early evening when most of the planned events were scheduled to start. We planned to attend Strictly Latex Extravaganza at the hotel Zero1. It started at 7 PM and lasted until 5AM. It was a virtual showcase of some of the most fantastic rubber outfits, toys, gas masks, hoods and all manner of pervy accessories. The girls joined us for the evening which started off with a pre-party dinner. Our VIP tickets got us to the event and we prepaid for the dinner. This became a little awkward for Poor Willy. I was still gagged and there was now way to remove it without removing the doll suit. Sandy was prepared for this. She contacted the Estelle Restaurant in advance and ordered a “special meal” for me. While others ate I was “fed” with a straw through my gag tube. This entire ordeal became quite a spectacle drawing quite a crowd around our table.

After “dinner” we mingled with the rubber attendees admiring their creative costumes. We were by no means as flamboyant as many of the others. There was a self photo area where we were asked to join others for a few photos. This was about to change when we met up with our German friends who upon seeing us began to shout out, “There he is. There is Poor Willy.” It seemed like the entire room turned to look at us. If they could have seen my face through all this rubber they would have seen my face turn beet red from embarrassment. Suddenly we were besieged by a large group of rubber followers all bombarding us with questions. Some insisted that I answer and when I attempted to respond with gag-speak the crowd went wild.

The excitement finally tapered off and for the rest of the evening we tried our best to keep a lower profile. We were still subjected to occasional questions mostly about detail from our videos and was I actually forced into rubber the entire weekend. Occasionally someone would come up and drag me off for a selfie with them. Some took my Poor Willy persona too literally and began to grope and fondle and treat me like their masochistic toy. Sandy or Bobby would come to my rescue before things got out of hand. We left the party around 4 AM and headed back to our hotel. We were all exhausted. They took me to my room with plans to undress me so I could clean up and rest but when they returned I was sound asleep. That is how they found their Poor Willy rubber doll in the morning.

---

The next day marked the second official day for us here at the Fetish Weekend. There were new plans for Poor Willy today. Since I was outed yesterday, several spectators, or shall we say Doubting Thomas’s, insisted on us proving that Willy was layered up in rubber under all of my rubber doll costumes. To continue the illusion I would have to wear the rubber bondage suit everyone believed I was forced to wear ever since we left Minneapolis.

Thankfully I am finally able to get out of my rubber doll costume and clean up even though it would be short lived. Cleaned and dried, I was put directly into the heavy rubber suit wearing the obligor mouth gag and inflatable rubber ball bondage mitts. I also had my wrists cuffed to add to the illusion of my forced captivity. “This is going to be a tough day for you Will. Let’s get you some liquids to keep you hydrated during the day.” With that Sandy strapped on a rubber camelback filled with ice water and connected a tube to my gag. I could suck water all day as needed. Bobby was in a simple black rubber catsuit. I am sure that was a welcome change from the heavy rubber costume he wore the last two days.

It was noon when we joined the festivities. We began by dropping off the girls at Expo Kink. We stood around the kiosk having our photos taken by spectators. The fascination with Poor Willy continued. It was even more robust now that Willy was on display in his bondage suit. We stayed at the kiosk for about an hour then made our way over to the Peace Park to join in the Kinky Picnic. This gathering is free and open to everyone with a fetish only dress code. It was a potluck affair. We did not bring anything but snacks and refreshments were offered to Bobby from some of our admirers. We made a lot of new friends, some knew of Poor Willy, Others were introduced to Willy for the first time. There were plenty of photo opportunities with different couples and groups. Questions abound, especially those inquiring about my captivity and of course, the unthinkable idea that I was now in rubber layers for nearly four days. We kept up the illusion and played it to the max.

Sandy was right, this suit is intolerable. I am thankful that I was not actually forced to wear it for four days. My memory of Paris and the horrendous rubber suit I was forced to wear, gave me PTSD as it was.

Bobby and I soldiered on in the hot sun until we met up with a rather tough group of rubber men who seemed to recognize me. “Look what we have here. Our old friend the gimp from Folsom.” I did not recognize them because I was in a blind rubber suit but Bobby said he recognized them immediately.

Suddenly, I felt a hand grab me and begin to grope me all over my body. I heard a familiar voice. “Hey gimp. Bet it’s hot in there. Seems you are not alone this time,” referring to Bobby. “No worries, We’ll take care of you now. Don’t worry you are in good hands.”

With that they dismissed Bobby. “Sorry Willy, There were too many of them. They are holding me back. They wont let me near you. Sorry Willy.”

This was de deja vu all over again as if this was scripted. Then I heard a strange voice say. “Who’s going to make a mess in his suit like a little bitch in front of everybody?” I was already totally wet in my suit, walking for three hours in the hot sun. And there he was, a stranger, grasping my groin and masturbating me right in front of a crowd in broad daylight. I couldn’t stop him from doing what he wanted. The stimulation was overwhelming, spreading through the rubber suit. I could hear pictures being taken and I was not in control of my body anymore. An orgasm was building up, and I would cum for sure in a few minutes. The stranger was having his fun. “Cut his air and force him to struggle.” It gets me hornier and hornier. I screamed but all that came out was a mew. Soon, I couldn’t hold it anymore. I came, while my air was still cut off, muffling my loud screams. He told me, “Don’t worry. Scream all you want.”

I had no choice but to cum in front of dozens of people. I shut my eyes as I came. The orgasm was inhumanly intense. I just stood there. My whole body was quaking from my afterglow. When I finally opened my eyes, the rubber men were gone and all I heard was applause from the crowd. “Way to go Poor Willy. Way to take it.” Bobby then rushed up to me and whisked me away even before I had a chance to fully recover.

While I was regaling my strength I heard mumbling in the crowd. “I always thought Poor Willy was just fake play-acting for the camera. It appears this pathetic soul is the genuine article.”

Both Bobby and I were exhausted and tomorrow would be another trying day. We planned to take part in the famous Photo Fetish Walk at 2:00PM. After that our plans were to pack up and head home. The girls went on to enjoy some of the evening activities. Bobby and I went back to the hotel where Bobby helped me out of my heavy rubber suit. I cleaned and dried the suit because I would need it again for tomorrow. I ordered room service after which I fell quickly to sleep.

---

Sunday morning came all too quickly. This would be a busy day for all of us. The girls came in and laid out my rubber wardrobe for the day. It was a little more extreme than I expected. First there was my neck entry suit, then the heavy rubber bondage suit. I was gagged again as well as shackled hands and feet. The chain on the foot shackles was long enough for me to walk in short steps only. My hope is this photo fetish walk is only for a short distance otherwise this is going to be overwhelming for me to keep up. Once zipped and sealed in my heavy suit, Sandy produced the final surprise, my hooded gas mask and shoulder smell bag. I protested but my wrist shackles prevented me from stopping her as she stretched the hooded gas mask over my head. The smell from the smell bag hit me instantly. My guess is it was a collection of sweaty personal things donated to the cause by the girls. The smell was intense, not to mention how the smell bag reduced my ability to breathe. As usual the cameras were rolling as I was subjected to all these menacing preparations. I was seriously affected by the noxious smell that assaulted me. I protested violently, making Sandy say to herself.”This will make for a good video.”

We walked to the waiting hearse with me shuffling along as best I could. The moment I stepped outside of the hotel I could feel the torturous heat that would be the bane of my existence throughout the day. We drove as close to Peace Park as we could get. It took all four of them to get me out of the hearse and onto my feet. Then we began to walk. It seemed like miles before we even reached the park. The crowd was in an exceptionally festive mood. The word went out that Poor Willy had arrived and instantly a crowd swarmed around me. I soon became lost in this rabble mob of my rubber covered fans. I lost sight of my crew and had no idea where in the world these rubberists were taking me. We formed together with all the others at the walk and posed for photos. Since that was the purpose for today’s event, We posed for a lot of photos with both large and small groups. I was joined for at least a hundred photos with individuals or groups. Seems like everyone wanted a photo with Poor Willy. While I was posing for photos, I noticed our video crew in the crowd. I was later told that there was not one moment of the weekend where I was not being secretly recorded by our crew. I could almost hear Sandy say.”This will make for a good video.”

I lost track of time and I had no idea how much we had walked. All I know is I was in total misery in the tortuous suit breathing this vile air and wearing these intolerable shackles. Sandy and the crew caught up with me near the edge of the park and walked me to a waiting vehicle. I was relieved that the walk was over for me until I saw it was the van and not the hearse picking us up. This caught the eye of the crowd and soon the entire group swarmed around the van to see what was going on. Unexpectedly the rear doors opened up and waiting there in the back of the van was the heavy rubber coffin. My heart sank as they ceremoniously slid the coffin for the van. They unlocked the latches and slowly opened up the casket. The crowd pushed forward to see its interior. After everyone had their look, the crowd turned to me. We all knew what would come next. The next thing I knew I was being lifted up and stuffed into the bottom half of the coffin, gas mask, shackles and all. I struggled and screamed trying my best to keep from being put in this hideous coffin. My protests were real. I did not want to go back into this rubber tomb. My attempts failed and the lid was quickly closed, latched and locked. I heard the crowd go wild. Their screams and cheers could be clearly heard even through the heavy wall of this sepulcher. I was then loaded into the van. Once the doors were closed, all I could hear was the echoing of the crowd's cheers then total silence.

For some reason I was now beginning to feel a sigh of relief. Yes, I was in this rubber coffin but that was just for the crowd and the cameras. Soon we would be back at the hotel and I would be extricated from all this, I could clean up, and we would be on our way to Toronto. However no attempt was made to get me out of all this. I heard muffled voices and things being loaded into the van but no attempt was made to unlock the latches so I could escape this tight rubber prison. Before I knew it the van was moving. I realized then that the die was cast and I am going to be stuck in this situation for at least the next five hours until we reach Toronto. Here I am sealed again in layers of rubber breathing a vile concoction of sweaty undergarment, tightly sealed in this tight rubber box forced to endure who knows what before we finally make it home to Minneapolis. I know, I know, “it makes for a good video”..

The sweat in my inner suit has cooled to the point I am marinating in my own juices. All I can do is lay here in the dark and listen to the constant hum of the tires in the road with nothing but my thoughts to keep me company. Once again I marvel at how far I have come from my solo rubber days. Those days seem so far away. Today my rubber play is all about social relationships, first with Sandy, Bobby and the group, and second socializing with fellow rubberiest. Not long ago I was the esoteric head of a major company known only to those who worked for me and a few business acquaintances. Today I am a rubber porn star with an international following. and to think I own it all to my love for rubber.
