---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Weighty Issue
authors:
- Thomas Denny
tags:
- Sbm
- spandex
- leotard
- pantyhose
- stuck
- cons
- X
date: 2007-11-18 00:00:00
---

I was laying half on the floor and half in the
air. The part of my body that was hanging in the air was about from my
waist down. The upper half was pretty much face down on the carpet. The
main reason, well honestly the only reason I was like that was because
I couldn't find the knife to cut myself down. Believe me it wasn't such
a wonderful position to be in. However, let me start from the beginning.

My vacation finally started. It seemed like it
would never get here. I was trying to sleep in that first morning but like
everyone else I woke up early just like any other workday. I'm not married
so the house was quiet and peaceful. I just couldn't sleep late. I had
worn my Peter Pan outfit to bed. My Peter Pan outfit consists of a green
leotard over green tights. The same color Peter Pan wore in the movie.
I think the first time I saw that movie I fell in love with tights and
leotards for some reason. Just in case you haven't guessed yet I am a man.

I've been wearing tights and leotards and pantyhose
ever since. Even when I had to sneak them from my mother and sister's drawers
when I was a lot younger. I wear them every chance I get. There's just
something about the feel of them that makes me crazy. Anyway I couldn't
sleep in that morning so I got up and plugged the coffee maker in and started
the dishwasher. The coffee finished brewing and I sat down and turned the
TV on and drank my coffee. Still wearing my Peter Pan costume, of course.

I probably drank two pots of coffee that morning
before I took a shower. I took a warm almost hot shower. After I had dried
off I put on a black long sleeve spandex leotard over black tights. Then I put
a tight black spandex thong leotard over all that. The thong was tight enough to
pull the other leotard and tights up the crack of my butt. Excellent feeling.
I looked in the mirror and thought I looked good for a man wearing tights
and leotards.

By the time I was through putting all that on
I was horny. It was time for my self-bondage session. I got everything
ready. I tied my ankles together and looped an extra long piece of rope
around my ankles to run to my wrists behind my back. Before I tied my wrists
I pulled a pair of pantyhose over my head and wrapped the free leg around
my eyes and put duct tape over that so it wouldn't come loose. Then I repeated
the same thing for my gag, also putting tape to hold the hose in place.
It made it a little difficult to breathe but that was part of it.

It's not easy but I got my wrists tied behind
my back and found the rope running from my ankles and put my bound wrists
through the loop and pulled it tight. One more piece of duct tape around
all the loops and knots made my self-bondage almost inescapable. That's
why I always had a sharp knife lying on the floor by me. When I was through
I could always find the knife and make one cut and get loose from there.
This time I was more daring. I started out on the bed, which meant I had
to fall to the floor usually during or right after I had an orgasm. Straining
against the ropes always made my orgasms more intense.

I had also ran a piece of rope from my weight
machine to my ankles. The rope was attached to the rope on the machine
that had probably over a hundred pounds on it. So when I was on the bed
there was always a chance that it could pull me off the end of the bed
if I didn't keep enough tension on it. Moreover, of course the knife was
on the side of the bed. I finished everything and was just lying on the
bed getting ready to masturbate. I would push my penis down as far as it
would go between my legs and once the leotard was on it would keep it in
place. Then just by squeezing my upper legs together I would masturbate.
It was always a very intense orgasm.

For some reason that morning it didn't take long
for me to shoot my load all inside my tights and leotard. But it felt so
good. Even though I was a wet and sticky mess afterward. I had rolled around
on the bed so much trying to orgasm I couldn't figure out where I was on
the bed. I relaxed my body for a minute and the next thing I knew was scooting
of the end of the bed. The weight had pulled me off, again. In addition,
I still didn't know which side the knife was on. I lay there for several
minutes trying to thing and even trying to untie myself. Before I knew
it, though, I was about to have another orgasm. Not as much sperm as before
but much more intense. Nevertheless, it was enough sperm to make my crotch
more wet and sticky.

I decided to go to my left and try to make it
to the side of the bed. With my ankles and wrists tied so close it wasn't
easy to get across the carpet especially with the extra weight on the machine
trying to pull me back. Every time I would move my legs I could feel my
penis being stretched in and out between my legs. I knew it would be just
a matter of time before I came again. I was getting that feeling down in
my groin.

Somehow I managed to make it to that side of the
bed. I rolled around and tried to find the knife. All the time the weight
was trying to pull me back across the carpet. All that moving around did
the trick I could feel my sperm traveling up my shaft and coming out all
over the inside of my crotch again. It was so wet I could feel my juices
running down and trying to get in my butthole. Every time I moved my legs
it was like squeezing a sponge. I was about to give up and be pulled back
across the carpet when my head touched something.

I pulled with everything I had left and moved
up just enough to find the knife. Not wasting anytime I cut the rope to
the weight machine first. After that it took me some time to untie myself
but I did. And I still had an erection when I was untied. Not one to waste
anything I stayed on my knees and came one more time. That one was good
but not as good as the ones when I was tied up. I guess I had gotten used
to the wet crotch. I kept those tights and leotards on almost all day and
even took a nap with them on. They were pretty crusty when I finally took
them off before taking a shower that night. But that was okay I had plenty
more where those came from.
