---
original_url: https://www.dollstories.net/storiesad/dolly2.html
subcategory: Doll Stories
title: Dolly Part 2
authors:
- Querthe
tags:
- M/f
- dollsuit
- stuck
- latex
- toys
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Dolly**](dolly.html))

**Dolly - Part Two**

**Chapter 5**

The clock lancets arrived at seven o’clock. Outside the sun was going down, and also the hopes of Joan. Also that day the trial with the new solvent they created was not useful, and so Jean, her sister, was still trapped inside her dolly costume. At least the false skin Jack created and glued to her was perfect, and if someone was not looking attentive to her, no one could say she was rigid as a mannequin.

“SO?”

“Nothing. We arrived quite near the solution, but there is something missing, there is a small something that is rendering the glue perfect. Up to now…” answered the brunette sighing.

“YOU ARE TIRED, AND ME TOO. CAN WE CONTINUE TOMORROW?”

“It’s Friday today…”

“AH, YES, JACK, RIGHT. WELL, THIS MEANS THAT I HAVE A WHOLE WEEKEND IN THIS COSTUME AND YOU HAVE TWO DAYS TO RELAX WITH LAUREN AND ALBERT.”

“My husband! And how we can do with you? I can not leave Lauren again to my mother-in-law, and Albert will be mad to know what I have done to you.” She cried.

“NO PROBLEM. WE HAVE FOUND THE SOLUTION, I WILL GO WITH HIM.” she said, patting jack shoulder with her rigid mitten that was enclosing her real fingers.

“What?”

“Well, we would like to tell you before, but you were so interested in your trial, and so…” he babbled “You know, we would like to…”

“WHAT HE WANT TO SAY YOU IS THAT HE CAN HANDLE ME AND HE CAN BE MY HOST UNTIL YOU FIND A SOLUTION. WE HAVE ONLY TO MOVE MY SPECIAL TOOLS FROM MY ROOM TO HIS HOUSE AND I WILL BE SAFE.”

“But you… Jack… You don’t know him!” she said, looking in a bad way the man, that blushed.

“WHAT HE CAN DO WITH ME? RAPE ME? I HOPE SO, AT THIS POINT. THIS MEANS HE CAN AT LEAST REMOVE SOME OF THE HARD SHELL THAT IS ENTRAPPING ME. I WILL BE SAFE, JEAN, SAFE AS I WAS IN YOUR HOME.”

“But… but…”

“OK, IT’S DECIDED.” She giggled, knowing that cutting the discussion was the only way for her to move to her new home. And she was quite eager to move, considering she was sure he would be happy to use the remote, he had in his pocket, on her. She hoped he would use a lot on her. “JACK, CAN YOU HELP ME? I’M NOT EXACTLY GOOD TO DRIVE A CAR, TO TAKE MY DRESSES AND SO ON…”

“Yes, sure…” he answered, grabbing her by the waist and helping her to sit up from the clinical table she was on.

After she was dressed, always helped by her sister and her friend, the three went to Joan's house and in half an hour they had packed the dresses and the special devices in Jack's car.

“Are you sure that…”

“YES, I’M SURE. AND ANYWAY YOU CAN ALWAYS PHONE ME, IF YOU FEEL SCARED. COME ON, YOU WILL ONLY MISS ME FOR A COUPLE OF DAYS. ENJOY YOUR DAUGHTER, IT’S ONE WEEK SHE DOESN’T SEE YOU AND YOU DON’T SEE HER. AND KISS ALBERT FOR ME. A BIG ONE.”

“Ok.” She smiled and waived her hand until the car disappeared in the night. “Let’s hope all will be well.” She thought, re-entering in the house.

“SO, MY KNIGHT, ARE YOU LEADING ME TO YOUR CASTLE?” she said.

“More… more or less…” he smiled. “It’s not a big house, but there is a spare room that will be perfect for you. There is a bed, a small wardrobe, similar to the one you had in your room.”

“AND YOUR BED? HOW IS IT ?”

“Mine… Why?”

“WELL, I HOPE YOURS IT WILL BE BIG ENOUGH FOR TWO PERSONS, OR AT LEAST FOR A PERSON AND A DOLL…”

He blushed and started to sweat a lot. She laughed and giggled until they arrived at his house, where he parked and moved the various devices into the spare room, while she just sat on the sofa, after he refused her help.

“Finished.” he sighed, then watched the clock on the wall. “Oh, it’s late. What do you want for dinner? I have some wonderful orange juice, or pear juice. Tomorrow we will organize some better food.” He smiled, sitting near her.

“I DON’T NEED FOOD, AT THE MOMENT…”

“No? What do you need? Is there something I can do for you?”

“OHHH, YES. BUT FIRST OF ALL, CAN YOU REMOVE MY SKIN?”

“Really?”

“YES. IT SEEMS THAT THE SKIN YOU PUT ON ME IT’S PERFECT, BUT IS INTERFERING TOO MUCH WITH THE AIR CONDITIONING OF THE SUIT.”

“Ah, the Peltier cells. So, are you sweating inside it?”

“NO, THIS IS THE POINT. I CAN’T. THE GLUE IS SO INSIDE MY SKIN THAT I CAN’T, SO I’M REALLY BOILING INSIDE THE DOLLY, BUT ONLY THE LAST FEW HOURS, THIS IS WHY I'M SO TIRED.”

“I understand. This is a problem…” he mumbled. “Let's at least remove your outer skin and cool you down.”

“I DON’T WANT TO BE COOLED DOWN…” she said, moving her mitten slightly until she found his crotch and pressed as much as she could. “UNDERSTOOD?”

“Yes. I think I understand.” He smiled, pushing more her rigid hand over his member, finding it hard and pulsing. “Let me help you. Maybe I can do something.” he smiled, moving his free hand on her back and opening the zip of her dress, then helping her to sit up and undressing her completely.

“JACK…”

“You are so beautiful…” he said, kneeling in front of her and massaging her slim waist with his hands, his mouth so near her false yet sensual secret flower. “You are so beautiful…”

“JACK, PLEASE…” she sighed. “YOU KNOW WHAT I NEED.”

He nodded, kissing the plastic pussy he himself created, then he sat up and grabbed her mittens.

“Come on. I need to cool you down and arouse you at the same time.”

“WHAT ARE YOU SAYING? WHERE WE ARE GOING?”

“I need a shower, and do you too, so I can remove from your dolly surface the traces of the glue I used for the masking skin.”

She giggled and moved with him to the bathroom, where he used some special solvent to free her, until she was in front of him, naked as only a doll can be, her rigid and shiny lips so ready for him, so smiling at him. The water was warm and perfumed, the bath tub ready for them. They entered, him first, then her, helped inside because he just grabbed her slender waist and lifted her in the white tub.

“SEEMS YOU ARE REALLY HAPPY TO SEE ME.”

“Yes…” he sighed, his hand going down to stroke his member slightly, now fully erect.

“NO, JACK, PLEASE. LET ME DO SOMETHING FOR YOU.”

“But only after we've cooled down.” He smiled, starting to move a big soaped sponge tenderly all over her body, letting the water run over the plastic. “How is it?”

“AROUSING…” she sighed. “AND FRUSTRATING AT THE SAME TIME, BECAUSE I CAN SENSE THE COLD OF THE WATER BUT NOT THE SOFTNESS OF YOUR MOVEMENTS. AND I CAN’T CLOSE MY EYES TO ENJOY BETTER THE SENSATION.”

“You can’t?!” he howled with incredulity.

“YOU DIDN’T KNOW THIS? I WAS BELIEVING YOU PRODUCED THE SUIT WITH MY SISTER.”

“Yes, but she did some details, and I was not worried about it. How she arrived to…” he signaled his eyes, while continuing to move the sponge over her body. One of her mittens started to find his member and to touch it, stroking it, also if in a strange, and not totally satisfying for both, way.

“SHE SAID SHE USED SOME… FIN, OR SOMETHING SIMILAR… I KNOW ONLY THAT THEY STRETCHED MY EYES TOTALLY OPEN, AND I CAN NOT CLOSE THEM OR MOVE THEM IF NOT SLOWLY, OR THEY HURT. HOPEFULLY THE PLASTIC OVER MY EYES IS SO TIGHT IS NOT LET MY EYES DRY, AND IT’S BREATHABLE, BUT AS A COUNTERPART I CAN NOT CRY OR DO NOTHING WITH THEM…”

“Ah, yes. Now I remember you said something when we were together. I have to find a way to let you close the eyes, or if you go in the bright sun…”

“BUT AT THE MOMENT I DON’T WANT TO CLOSE MY EYES…” she giggled, using also her other mitten to touch his cock. She discovered that with some effort she arrive to touch it with both and obtain a quite effective massage, judging the moans escaping from his lips.

“Jean, please…” he murmured, grabbing her hands and freeing his member. “Not now. Let me finish cleaning you. The glue over your body in some point is like a scar. I don’t like you with such a horrible defect.”

“YOU DON’T LIKE DEFECTIVE DOLLS?”

“Yes, some way like this…” he answered, kissing her rigid and long neck.

“I will kill to feel the sensation of your lips over me…” she sighed.

“ONE DAY, ONE DAY MAYBE…” he said continuing to kiss her plastic body, from the neck to the breast, sucking the rigid nipple, then up again until their lips touched, and also if she know she couldn’t feel anything, she pressed hers over his mouth.

“Jhhean…” he mumbled, trying to move his tongue inside her mouth, and only at the third try he arrived to touch her, fixed in the slot created for her, for rendering her totally mute. “You hare shhho gooood…”

“THANK YOU. YOU CAN’T IMAGINE THE JOY TO FEEL FINALLY SOMETHING. SEEMS THAT THE PLASTIC OVER MY TONGUE IS NOT SO THICK, SO I CAN FEEL YOUR HEAT AND THE FACT YOU ARE MOVING INSIDE ME…”

He extracted his tongue, a small drop of saliva running from her lips to her neck. He quickly whipped it away and finished to clean her and himself.

After they were also dried, he lead her in the bedroom.

“You are tired?”

“YES…” she said, moving over the big bed and laying on its center. “TIRED TO WAIT… COME HERE, I NEED YOU.”

“Me and my remote, eh?” he smiled, all the traces of the shyness washed away with the shower and the excitement clearly visible.

“YES…”

He grabbed it from the pocket of his trousers, looked at her over the bed and pushed the three buttons, regulating the intensity to a medium setting. She started to moan, but he knew that she couldn’t reach an orgasm.

“Now you will really need to do something for me, if you want to be a good dolly. A good rewarded dolly…” he smiled like a predator, sitting on the bed and then kneeling over her, his cock just in front of her mittens, to help her to touch it. “More I’m going near the heaven, more you will go.”

She giggled, starting to move her rigid hands up and down slowly, moving his flesh, stimulating him more and more. He moved slightly the intensity control, and she sighed. His tongue started to lick her breasts and her neck, then went up to her face, playing outside her mouth, with her lips, then up, sucking her nostrils, stopping her breath for a second.

“JACK!”

“Just a little play, my love…” he smiled, cutting her air entrance again, then starting to inhale with his nose and exhale with his mouth and viceversa, giving her the necessary air, the pace similar to her pace on her cock.

“IT’S SO AROUSING. I NEVER DID IT BEFORE, BUT IT’S SO… SO… STRANGE.”

He put it at the maximum vibrations for a second, then turned them back again to a medium setting, moving his mouth to her eyes, kissing one at time, licking one at time, breathing heavily due to the increasing pace of her mittens.

“I’m quite ready…” he whispered, moving up the level of stimulation of her toys.

“ME TOO…”

He moved again his mouth over hers and licked with some difficulty her lips and her tongue. He was really near the edge, her pace quite furious, until he put everything at the maximum level.

“Oh my god!” she cried, deepening the strokes. After some second he howled inside her, his cry muffled by the plastic prison he decided to put his tongue, that was dancing over Jean one.

He stopped the vibrators and exited her mouth, smiling and puffing.

“Oooops…” he giggled, looking what he did over her.

“PLEASE…”

“A doll can not ask anything. She can only have what she deserves…”

“BUT YOU…YOU SAID… I WAS SO CLOSE, SO…” she mumbled, trying to move and sit.

He pushed her down.

“Dolls don’t move. And…” he grabbed the edge of her synthesizer. “Don’t talk!” he giggled, removing it.

“Mmmghtt… Nnnght…” she tried to speak, but without that small object she was quite mute.

He jumped on the floor and run to another room.

Jean, disappointed, tried to lift up and run away, but as soon as she started to sit up he was already returning, a sponge in his hands to clean her. He guided her on to the bed again, and with the vibrators at a low setting he removed every trace of him from the plastic skin, while she mumbled incoherently from the strange sensations he was feeling. In some way she wanted to cum, but in another she wanted to leave the time as she was in that moment for an eternity, so near yet so far from the orgasm.

 “Do you trust me?”

She shook her head while caressing his face.

“Thanks. Give me a second and you will discover the pure heaven…” he said, leaving her alone, her breast stimulator a little higher in intensity to let her moans be audible. She was sure she could talk she would shout her pleasure to the world.

A big cardboard box arrived, moved in the room by him. Inside there was a sort of mannequin head and other two parts of a mannequin.

“Mmmmghtt, nnnghhtt…”

“Yes, I know you need to come and you don’t know what these things are, but you will discover soon.. I need to sleep, and you do too.”

“Mmmghtt, nnghtt…” she shook her head. She did not want to sleep, she wanted pleasure.

“I know, I know. You will have both. Rest and pleasure. You are a doll, no? But dolls when not used by their masters, are not allowed to move…”

She started to understand the purpose of the mannequin parts.

“Mmmghtt…”

“I will sleep with you in the bed, but you will be as a real dolly. You will be able to breathe, but this is all. No voice, no hearing, no sight, no movements. As a real dolly without her master.”

She sat up and kissed his lips with hers. He enjoyed the kiss, then licked her hands, her lips again and eyes.

“Let say that I was involved in the creation of the model for your doll costume, and I used it also for some… small personal interest. With these parts on, a woman can move only arms and legs under the elbows and knees, and the waist. With your already restricted possibility to move, you will be totally immobile. The mask has only small nostrils holes, the same as you have in your nose, so there's no worry about suffocation, but it will have no other openings, and the pads over your ears will cut your hearing. I will close the mask, that as you can see has also the neck embedded and not movable, on you, then the other parts.” He explained while opening the hinged parts of the plastic armor like equipment. She let him enclose her shoulders. And with some effort he closed also the crotch part.

“Ready?”

“Mmm… Mmm.”

He lifted her head and put the back part of the mask resting on the bed, cupping her head, then lowered the second part over her and clicked it in place.

Everything was dark and silent for her. She tested her movements, but she found she had none. She was stuck, she was helpless, she was no more human, only an object able only to breath. And she loved it.

Then, the three toys started at their maximum intensity. She tried to scream, she tried to ask him to stop that delicious torture, but she couldn’t. She was alone, alone in the dark of her prison, human no more, only a dolly inside a doll costume. She wanted only to cum.

Her desire was satisfied a lot of times that night.

08.04.08

story continues in [**Dolly Part 3**](dolly3.html)

o0o
