---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: First Days Work at the Sex Shop
authors:
- Gravip14
tags:
- M-f
- bondage
- reluct
- X
date: 2002-11-18 00:00:00
---

8
8
First Days Work at
the Sex Shop
by Gravip14
This
story in purely fictional. No character in it relates to any real person.
If you are disturbed by bondage please do not read on.

Laura strode into her new
place of work. A four-storey sex store, which claimed to supply all interests.
She wore a tight, sleeveless, white top. Her nipples mounted on large breasts
evidence that she wore no bra. Her black, leather skirt covering the top
half of her thigh. Silver 5" heeled knee-high boots adding to her 5' 7"
slim figure. Blond hair hanging between her shoulder blades, bound in a
pony-tale. Large blue eyes and full lips crowning her appearance. She moved
with a confidence, which came from knowing every man here wanted her.

"Hi Josh." Said Laura as
she spied her new boss. A well built man in his 40's. Not bad, but too
old for her 26 year old tastes.
"Laura. Glad to see you
came dressed for work." He replied, openly drinking her in with an appraising
gaze. "You can help Jane here in 'Lingerie'. She's over there." He pointed.
Laura joined her new co-worker.

An hour passed. All was going
well. Jane and herself were getting on fine and she'd made a few sales.
Then Josh appeared from upstairs. 
"Hey Laura. Do us a favour
and relieve Harry for break for an hour. Just next floor up, 'Bondage and
Fetish'." 
"Eh. I don't know much about
that stuff. You sure you want me to run it."
"I've nobody else right
now, I'm afraid. You'll be fine, won't she Jane?"
"Yeah Josh." Jane replied,
a knowing glint flashed in her eyes, but was missed by Laura.

Laura met Harry at the top
of the stairs.
"Can I help you miss?" He
inquired.
"You Harry?" 
"For a nice girl like you.
Sure, I'm Harry."
"Quit the crap! If your
Harry, it's break time, if not, get lost!"
"Ah. Cheers Laura. See you
in an hour."
Harry was gone before she
could ask any questions about the 'Bondage and Fetish' section.

Laura made a quick tour of
the section she was to run for the next hour. The fetish gear seemed a
mixture of some interesting fantasy stuff, though not something she considered
worth the money or effort, simple foreplay was more to her taste, and some
stuff she just didn't understand or didn't want to know about. The bondage
section was closer to the latter half of the fetish section in her opinion.
Though teasing some helpless hunk did appeal slightly to her, she preferred
her men to be able to touch her as she liked.

Laura had place herself firmly
behind the cashiers' desk after 5 minutes of Harry's leaving. She had planned
to stay there, but within a few minutes a well-built, tall man in his late
20's came up the stairs and approached her. She was at once aware of his
presence. He carried a self-confidence, without arrogance, that she found
appealing. She knew she wanted him more than he did her. This in itself
was enough to set off her ego. How dare he not lust for her while she found
interest in his very entrance!

"I was wondering if you could
help me." He began.
She felt confident she could
despite her ignorance of the stock she was to sell. She would have his
interest to do with as she would, and how dare he not see the beauty that
she was. That she could want him and he shows no basic sign of interest
was unthinkable!
"Of course sir, what seems
to be the problem?" She interrupted.
"I was wondering about a
few of your products." He continued as if she had not spoke. His manner
conveying no offence, which made his slight all the more frustrating.
"Certainly sir. Show me
what your interested in seeing."
"Thank you." He responded,
and led her to the bondage rope section.

"Which of these would you
recommend? I'm looking for soft, but secure." He enquired. Laura felt herself
at a loss.
"I'm not really sure."
"Would you mind if I check
them?"
"Eh? Sure." She responded.
He had picked out a white length of rope before the word formed in her
mouth.
"If you would turn around
and put your hands behind your back."
"What?"
"So I can check the rope."
"Oh." Unsure what to do,
but still very intent on impressing this man she did as he said. He placed
her wrists together, right across left, and began to wrap the rope around
horizontally first then vertically, then a combination of both until finally
knotting it off.
"How does that feel?"
She tested the rope. First
trying to separate her wrists, trying to twist them, then moving her bound
arms around to the side as much as she could. The sensation was new to
her. Her hands tightly secured, but not uncomfortably so.
"Does it chafe?" He insisted
into her silence.
"No." She at last volunteered.
"Good. Now if you come this
way please."
"But my hands!" She protested.
"Just a moment. I need to
see something else." He walked to a shelf a few feet off.

Laura felt no choice, but
to follow. With her wrists bound she found walking a bit odd. She found
she was bending forward slightly. As she reached him he removed a large
purple collar and leash from the shelf. He immediately fastened it around
her neck. With her wrists bound she found herself unable to prevent him,
though he was gentle. She attempted to move her head but found the posture
collar made it difficult.
"Is it comfortable?"
"It feels strange. I can
barely move my head. Now can you take it off and untie me." Her patience
was beginning to run thin. Her interest in this charming man was wavering.
But as her request had left her lips, she felt the leash go taut and herself
taken with it. "What the?" she blurted.

She was brought stumbling
along for another few feet. The customer then picked up a something that
Laura could not even guess what its use was. I appeared to be a black ball
about an inch and a half in diameter connected to an assortment of purple
belt like straps.
"What's that?" She asked,
her curiosity distracting her from her predicament.
"I'll show you now." He
replied.
Just as she was about to
speak again he quickly placed the ball in her mouth and immediately began
to fasten the strap at the back of her head. His sudden movement surprised
Laura. Her scream was all but silenced by the gag. Strong, gentle hands
brought a strap that came from either side of her mouth to join at the
bridge of her nose and then over her head to be fastened at the back. He
then fastened another strap under her chin. Within seconds the ball in
her mouth was firmly secured. It prevented her closing her mouth; while
the straps prevented her further opening it or ejecting this alien object.

The gag muffled her protests;
as she strained against the rope that prevented her from unfastening the
harness gag herself. 
"Something's missing." He
commented.
She stared at him with rage.
Her useless protests grew. Apparently oblivious to her discomfort he took
the leash and led her back the way they'd come. He picked up another length
of rope and continued on until they reached a section with various lengths
of wood with leather straps on the end. He picked up a 2' long one and
lead her to one of the building support poles. Putting down the rope and
spreader bar he tied the leash up to a notch on pole. Taking the spreader
bar he moved behind her and attached it to her left leg. Moving her slim
legs apart with his greater strength he soon fastened the second leg. The
position forced her skirt to ride up her legs. Taking the rope he wrapped
it around her waist. Then after tying it at the front he brought the rope
between her legs, looped it to the rope at her back and brought back under
her crotch again to the front and tied it off again. This moved her skirt
well up her ass and it was obvious now that she wore no underwear.

Laura was now more than aware
of how exposed she was. She struggled hard in her bonds, but to no avail.
Unsurprisingly this event was drawing something of a crowd. Many just interested
in the show, others unsure of whether to help, a few regular shoppers smiled
with knowing grins on their faces, ready for the fun to continue. Meanwhile
the would-be customer brought out a small stand and placed it near the
bound young lady. It contained a soft cane. Not enough to harm, even under
the hardest of lashes, but able to give an immediate sting non-the-less.
Above the cane was a sigh
in large bold print.

New employee inauguration!
3 lashes per person!
5 additional lashes for
every item purchased!

To start things off with
3 quick lashes to her exposed bottom. Laura felt 3 sharp pains in on her
cheeks. Each fading after only a second, but each causing her to jump.
Her collar prevented her from seeing when the lash would hit. Beads of
spittle began to drip down her chin. A near continuous barrage of lashes
had Laura move back and forth. This caused the crouch-rope to stimulate
her sex. After continuous attention she soon found that even though the
lashes were growing fewer she was still rocking to a fro. Laura's soft
moaning made it apparent that she was beginning to enjoy herself. The show
had attracted customers who would normally avoid the 'Bondage and Fetish'
section. More and more gathered around, taking their turn to administer
lashes to the increasingly excited lady. The number of lashes began to
increase again. She found the lashes soon began to add to her pleasure,
each one being associated with increased pleasure to her womanhood. Her
passions began to drive her harder. Mindless now of the people watching
her beautiful bound body swaying. Her bondage also forgotten. She rocked
continuously, faster and faster, a world of ecstasy building inside her.
Her moans turning to grunts as she put all her effort into rocking. The
lashes had ceased. Customers gathered to watch the display provided. Laura's
passion swelled. With a loud moan she came. The orgasm rippling through
her. Drool ran freely from her gagged mouth, cum soaking her crotch-rope.

As she stood there panting,
the would-be customer returned. He removed her dripping gag. Her limp head
rising to meet his eyes. Josh and Harry arrived behind him.
"Consider yourself part
of the team now Laura." Said Josh.
"You bastard." She rasped.
But she could not help the grin that imposed her face, nor could she bare
malice after the ecstasy she had experienced.
"Easy there lady." He said
lightly. "You got it light. Remind me to tell you of my inauguration sometime.
Anyway you were the one who let Peter here put you in this predicament."
He added pointing to the would-be customer.
"Suppose I'd better untie
you." Josh remarked and moved to undo her collar.
 "No." Laura blurted
before thinking. Blushing she added. "I don't feel inaugurated yet. Could
you put me back as I was?"
The three men grinned and
Josh restored the harness gag. Harry took the opportunity to administer
5 quick lashes. Laura yelps, but felt her sex stimulated again.
