---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Bondage Renewal 2
authors:
- The White Knight
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- spank
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Bondage Renewal**](bondage_renewal.html))_

_[Part 1](bondage_renewal.html)
**Bondage Renewal
- Part 2**

The next day went as quickly as the last at work.  This time however
she did call me.  We talked about the kids and other non-controversial
topics.  Coming home was much the same as any other night.  Kids clamouring,
dishes to wash, children to be put to bed... the entire normal ruckus that
goes along with a family.  Ann kissed me as I came in the door, so I knew
that everything was all right.

When they were finally upstairs and in bed I tried to start up the
conversation.  "Hush", Ann said to me with a soft smile. 
"Wait till the kids are all asleep and than will talk... in our bedroom",
she gave me a wink and a peck on the cheek.  I made a grab for her, but
she eluded my soapy hands and returned to clearing the pots, pans and dishes. 
I went back to washing and prayed for the sandman to come to my house!

We sat through a totally innocuous television show, waiting for the last
noise form upstairs to end.  I refused to go sit at the computer. 
If I did that it was like giving Ann a 'get out of conversation free card'
and I wasn't about to do that.  I would talk about just about anything
with her as long as it involved sex.  Hell, I would talk to her about sex
all night long, if she would listen. From her point of view I could understand
her reluctance to talk about it.  She liked the status quo and every time
we talked sex I was looking for changes... or as a led into me setting up a
time for a bondage session.  Now, we had one heck of an interesting topic
to discuss and I couldn't wait for the discussion to begin.

The next thing I knew, Ann was standing before the TV, turning it off. 
She held out a hand to me.  "Come on, let's go upstairs".  We
walked upstairs hand-in-hand and went into the bedroom and closed the door.

She sat down on the bed and patted the comforter next to her.  I sat
down silently.  "Mike this is really hard for me to talk about. 
You know, what happened on Sunday night.  I've been thinking about all
of this quite a lot...", she said quietly.  "And... damn I don't think I can do this!"  She looked down at the floor and a tear formed
in the corner of her eye.

"Annie", I said to her softly. 
"I've told you things that I have never told anyone else.  Please
believe me, you can tell me anything."

Taking a deep breath she raised her eyes and met mine.  Starting just
were she had left off she continued in a soft but steady voice, "And...and
the end result is I want to have you to... to spank me again."   I
knew she wanted me to speak up and agree with her, but I had to let her get it
all out.  She had to do this by herself.  Tears began to form in
here eyes.  "I don't even understand why I want to do this.  It
just that that one time opened up a lot of feelings in me that I didn't even
know existed.... and I sort of have to find out if I feel the same way the
second time."  She finished her statement with a sigh, saying in
effect, thank God that's over.

I was truly surprised by this.  I had fully expected Ann to totally
repress the whole event.  She is just not the type to have fantasies like
this.  I had hoped... good God, I had prayed that this would be the case,
but now that it was happening I still found it difficult to believe. 
Taking a deep breath to steady myself I answered,  "OK, And just how do
you want to go about doing IT?"

"Oh no, your the creative partner in our marriage," Ann responded
quickly.  "You'll have to tell me what I should do, oh masterful
one."  She gave a wry smile at this last comment.  Playing on the
fact that I liked her to call me "master" during our bondage encounters.

That one threw me for a loop.  OK.  OK. I said to myself. 
I've got to think fast.  I stood up and started to pace in front of the
bed.  Ann smiled for the first time that night, obviously amused at my
consternation.  I smirked at her and then snapped my fingers!

"Stand up, young lady",  I commanded her in a stern and steely
voice.  My wife had gotten comfortable and was leaning back on both
elbows.  Her face clearly showed her shock at the unanticipated command. 
Slowly she responded.  It was as if she was fighting herself the whole
way to her feet.  I sat down on the bed and smoothed out my pants. 
This little bit of theatrics made it very clear to her where she was going to
spend the next few minutes.  "Remove your panties", I ordered.

Ann wore a long denim dress  that dropped to mid-calf.  It had
buttons down the front so that she could open it up to the level that suited
her mood.  This gave the skirt quite a bit of flexibility.  Today,
only a few buttons were open at the bottom, so she proceeded to open a few
more to gain easier access to her underwear.  Finished with this she
looked in to my eyes, perhaps searching for a reprieve.  "Hurry up girl
or I will have to increase your punishment!", I barked at her.  She
jumped at my statement, but then quickly complied.  "Pull your skirt up
about your waist and hold it there", I ordered sternly.  As directed
she pulled the long skirt upwards, bunching the denim about her waist. 
Standing there with her skirt at her waist and her beige panties strung
tightly above her knees, made her look extremely vulnerable.  I gulped
and worked hard to keep this all business like.  "Lay down across my
lap, but with your torso lying on the bed.  And don't forget to keep
the skirt up!"

I couldn't tell if she was enjoying this or not.  The expression on
her face was totally blank. Ann slid obediently into position.  Some of
the squirming that she did to get there made me wonder, though.  If she
was trying to get a rise out of me she had certainly succeeded.  So there
I sat with my lovely wife's bare butt resting in my lap.  I wanted to
break character so badly.  I didn't want to play her father spanking a
little girl.  If she wanted to be spanked, I wanted to play her loving
master giving her the satisfaction that she desired!  I tried to get back
into my role... but, I found that I couldn't.  This was something
sexual we were talking about here and involving her "father" even as an
image was just... wrong.  I'll admit that I am kinky, but that was just
totally outside of my bounds.

"Ann, honey", I started and then it all flowed out of me. 
Everything that I had been thinking.

Ann let out an exasperated oath and
said, "Mike, I don't know how much longer I can keep my nerve up to do
this and I really don't care about your motivation... just spank me!"

I was a little put off at first, but then I smiled.  "My you really are
a naughty lass", I said sweetly.  "Talking to your master that way. 
You most certainly will be punished!"

With that I gave her a solid blow, right at the top of her ass. 
SMACK.  Both cheeks rebounded, sort of like a bowl of flesh colored
Jell-O.  "Ooohhh", she sighed softly.  In this position I could
get a lot more force out of my blows than I had been able to before, but I
held back trying to find out her sweet spot.  SMACK.  Against only
the right cheek this time.   "Hmmmmm", Ann moaned.  My wife's tender rear was already turning pink where my blows had landed. 
Putting more force into the blow I planted it on her left check.  "Ooww",
she groaned as I was rewarded with a little kick of her legs and a twisting of
her rump.  SMACK.  SMACK.  Two quick blows closely together,
aimed more towards the bottom half of her soft crescents.  "Oooowwww",
she cried out loudly as her legs began to scissors and kick at the floor.

I was pretty sure that I had the force of the blows worked out, but I
figured that it couldn't hurt to make sure.  "Are my blows too hard
for you, lover?", I asked in syrupy soft voice. To my surprise she shook her
head in the negative and replied in a raspy tone, "No, master.  Maybe
just a little harder.... please master."  My God, my wife was virtually
begging to have me spank her harder!

Taking advantage of this little breather, I began to rub her heated rear
end.  It looked so inviting lying there, with those bright pink patches
against her milky white tush, that I couldn't keep my hands off of it. 
Ann moaned in pleasure, grinding her sex against my achingly hard member.

SMACK.  SMACK.  "Oh, Gooodddd",  Ann she cried out. 
Without giving her a breather this time I gave her red rump another pair of
hard blows.  That distinctive sound of flesh meeting flesh was quickly
overridden by her cries of pleasure / pain.  Damn, she was getting loud
and to make matters worse she was kicking her feet against the floor and
making even more noise.  In between series of blows, she continued to
moan loudly and kick her feet.  I put my hand firmly upon her legs and
tried to restrain them.  But that extremely annoying sound of her leather
soled flats making contact with the hard wood floor continued.

"Honey quiet down!" I said to her sternly.  "If you keep this up you'll
wake the children!"  This worked, like a charm and Ann quickly
settled down.  Her fingers dug into the comforter and grabbed at it
tightly.   A small-satisfied smile played at the corner of her lips
as she held her eyes tightly closed.

SMACK.  A particularly hard one this time, straight down.  SMACK.
SMACK.  Two quicker stinging blows on either cheek.  "Oooohhhhh my
Lord, yeesssss.....", she screamed excitedly.  Her hips rotated wildly
and her feet pounded heavily against the floor.  My wife was so out of
control that I could barely keep her from falling off my lap, forget
continuing with her spanking.  Lifting her up bodily I pushed her
entirely onto the bed.

"That's it", I told her.  "Game over.  Baby, you have
just got to calm down.  Your making too much darn noise!"

She
rolled onto her side and cried, "No, no, no.... you can't stop now. 
It was just getting good."  She looked at me pitifully, pleadingly.

"Annie", I rejoined softly.  "If our kids weren't such sound
sleepers they would have woken up already.  Besides, the windows are
open, what do you think this sounds like outside?"

That one caught her
for a loop, but still she persisted.  "I promise I'll be quieter."

Yeah, right I said to myself.  To her I said gently, "We tried that
already.  I warned you and three slaps later you were making more noise
then before."  I shook my head.  "I'm sorry baby, but this isn't
working out.  We are just going to have to wait for a day when we
can get the house to ourselves.  Get my parents to watch the kids or
something."

Ann had moved into a kneeling position besides me.  Her butt resting
just above her heels.  The skirt lay in disarray about her legs. 
She pounded her clenched fists against her knees.  "No, no, no... It
just not fair", she complained bitterly.  I huffed out a exasperated
breath.  "Hah, get used to it babe.  I have to wait all of the
time.  Heck, if I want to have anything beyond the simplest bondage scene
with you, we have to get the kids out of the house.  Do you think this is
any different?"

She looked up at me, as a devilish smile spread across her pretty pink
painted lips.  "You could tie me up", she said in a sexy singsong
tone.   With the tip of her pointer finger she began to trace little
sensuous circles upon my chest.  "You could even gag me... to keep me
quiet... master."  She was pushing all the right buttons and I was
hotter than a match head.  Thinking with my hormones I was ready to agree
like a shot, but using what was left of my brain, I had to say no.  The
same reasoning that I couldn't tie her spread eagle to the bed or some other
such way held true with this situation.  The kids could walk in on us. 
I shook my head in the negative as I struggled to come up with a way to make
this work.  Ann mistook my reluctance for something else and with that
sing song lilt to her voice, strove to sweeten the pot.  "I'll dress
for you too.... Any outfit that you want.... Heels...  or slippers....
seamed hose.... How about my red and black corset?"

That was too much!  If I were a kettle steam would have been coming
out of my ears!  There had to be a way.  There just had too. 
Then like a like bulb turning on, I thought of it.  The attic.  We
kept a full sized bed up there for company and the door locked!  We would
be a floor away from prying eyes and if one of them did wake I could go down
and comfort them back to sleep.  It was perfect.

"OK. OK.  You win", I told my life long companion.  She
smiled and put her hand up in the air for a high five, which I quickly
responded to.  "But don't think your getting off easily", I warned
her.  "I want everything that you promised... no, if ends or buts." 
I looked at her sharply.  "Are we agreed?"  She continued to
smile and nodded her head.  I made a come on motion with my hand,
signifying that I wanted more.  At first she didn't understand, then
she smiled wider and said sweetly the words I was waiting to hear, "Yes,
master."

"I want you in your satin corset, black hose and red slippers.  Fix
your make up, put on a little perfume and then meet me in the attic", 
I ordered my, for a change, enthusiastic wife.  She looked at me
questioningly and asked, "The attic?"

Patiently I responded, "We can't do it in here because of the children.  I could tie you to the
rafters in the basement, but I thought that perhaps you might enjoy the
comfort of a bed under you instead."  Ann caught on quickly and nodded
her head in agreement.  "Oh and by the way, no panties", I added,
"you won't be needing them."  With a shooing motion from me, she
ran off with a smile to the bathroom.

Retrieving the sack that I keep my toys in, I headed up to the attic. 
My preparations didn't take very long.  I simply emptied canvas sack
onto the low bureau in the room.  I arranged each of the white nylon
ropes in size order, so that I could easily grab the appropriate one as
needed.  I moved the home made ball gag and sleep mask / blindfold into a
small top draw.  I placed one other, special item, into the same draw. 
Being gagged and blindfolded were two things that were definitively not on Ann's
list of turn ons.  Seeing those two items when walking into the
room, despite her earlier assurances, might put her right out of the mood. 
I decided upon the dentist approach... don't show them the needle until your
ready to use it.

Finishing with this in only a matter of minutes.  I found myself
nervously pacing with nothing to do.  This isn't the way that I wanted
my lover to find me.  It was important to me that I look "in control"
and "calm",  even if my heart was racing at a hundred miles an hour. 
Moving a few bits of flotsam, leftover from my brother-in-law, off of a padded
chair I sat down.  Steadying my thoughts, I began to plan out each of the
phases of the coming event.  In what position would I bind the gorgeous
creature that called herself my wife?  How would I get her into that
pose, in step-by-step detail.  Where should I land my blows when I spank
her?  How hard should I hit her?

I was lost in this revelry when I heard the door on the floor below open. 
Then I heard the unmistakable click clacking of heels ascending the staircase.  
My seat was situated so that I wouldn't see her until she walked through the
door.  One of Ann's arms snaked around the doorway.  Her fingers
found the light switch and turned off the room's overhead illumination.

Doing a Mae West bump-and-grind movement she glided into view.  
Stopping in the doorway, she posed sexily and asked in a husky voice, "You
wanted to see me... master?"  God, every time that I saw my wife like
this, that is to say dressed as she was and in this type of mood, I couldn't believe how beautiful she was!  The only light source was from a naked
bulb in the hallway behind her.  This caused a funky glow to settle
around her, which highlighted certain features and left others in provocative
shadow.  She had added one more item to ones that I had requested she
wear.  A sheer black robe, from a peignoir set, which was virtually
transparent.  It of course provided no useful function, but it added a
whole level of magnitude to the sexuality of the outfit.  I absorbed the
view into me, trying to memorize her every nuance.

The lovely maidens' heels rested four inches off the ground, perched upon
red satin covered spikes. Her slippers were further enhanced by a puff of
matching bright red marabou feathers.  Black stockings covered her feet,
which were flexed steeply to accommodate the arch of the sandals sole. 
Gleaming black sheaths flowed up her shapely legs to end in lace tops, mid-way
up her thigh.  One leg was bent outward at the knee, invitingly, leaving
no doubt that she was not wearing any panties.  Healthy hips curved
inwards to her still youthful waist.  The hand that was the mate of the
flexed leg, rested on her satin corseted side.  Her arm bent suggestively
at the elbow, while her hand held open the transparent black negligee.

Ann's corseted body was an absolute pleasure to behold.  While this
was not a true corset, the satin still melded to her curves like a smooth
second skin.  Bright red front panels, framed a laced black satin psuedo-busk. 
Black satin also covered her side panels and breasts, with just a hint of lace
at the top of each cup.  Her breasts rose and fell beneath their shinny
black covering, betraying her apparent calm.  Soft pink lips smiled at me
as her deep brown eyes glowed with desire.  Beautiful auburn curls
cascaded downward, framing her angelic face and coming to rest upon her milky
shoulders.

I'm not sure if she became tired of standing in the same position while I
ogled her assets or simply was nervous herself, but she decide to walk into
and about the small room.  It was fun to watch her ham it up, strutting
her stuff and working hard to control her spindly high heels.  In the
corner she stopped to turn on a small table lamp, then she began her prancing
once again. At the furthest point from me she stopped.  Hands on hips,
legs spread she gave me a sexy wink over a lowered shoulder.  Then she
turned and strutted towards me until she was only inches away, flicking her
black robe into my face as she passed.  Again at the far corner of the
room, she called to me, "I think you'll like this move... master." 
With that she bent at the waist and clasped both ankles, smiling at me between
her legs.  Oh God, what a beautiful sight!  The sheer robe acted
like a black veil highlighting her wonderful matched set of milky half globes. 
She kept her spread legs straight which formed an inverted V directing my eyes
to her heated sex.   The toes of her sexy sandals were also spread
to either side, giving me a great view of her highly arched feet and providing
her with more stability.

"Oh, yes I do like it very much", I told her truthfully.  "But
as much as I admire your charms, I believe that it is time that I sample some
of them."  I motioned with one arm towards the bed.  "Please
remove your robe, then come over here and sit down."  Ann did as
instructed, sitting on the edge of the bed with her hands resting upon her
knees.  Her eyes met mine as I walked over to a position in front of her. 
We smiled conspiratorially at each other.

"What offence am I charged
with, for which I am going to be pummelled so... master?" Ann asked me slyly.

My smile knew no bounds.  "Why simply because you are a terribly
naughty young woman in desperate need.... of chastisement!"

My lovely
wife smiled back infectiously and replied, "Tsk. Tsk. Tsk.  Naughty me. 
But I do so ever NEED YOU.... master!"

She held her arms out towards me, looking for some hugs and kisses. 
But now was not the time for that.  "Perfect", I cried. 
Reaching around behind me I grabbed two of the cords.  "Just hold your
arms out like that while I secure these ropes to your wrists."  The
unexpectedness of my action took her slightly by surprise, but she stoically
did as directed.  I looped the rope expertly around her left wrist,
forming a cuff of spiralling white nylon around her delicate appendage. 
When I was finished I let the remaining length of rope simply dangle below her
wrist until it reached the floor.  Her right wrist was done in exactly
the same way, again leaving about four feet of rope to hang downward.  It
was a really an awesome site watching her sitting there, with both of her
wrists encased in the tight nylon cuffs which would soon be used to bind her
helplessly to the bed.

"You can put your arms down now", I informed my soon to be captive. 
Retrieving two more of the cords I knelt down in front of her and proceeded to
apply similar bindings to her ankles.  The bright white rope formed a
beautiful contrast against her silky black stockings.  The spirals dug
gently into the soft flesh, leaving visible indentations.  In minutes I
had completed my task and stood up to look over my work.

Ann had a blank look on her face, until she realized that I was looking at
her.  Then she smiled reassuringly as she shrugged her shoulders. 
Without words conveying to me, "I don't know what your doing, but I trust
you."  With this encouragement it seemed like as good a time as any to
go on with the next step.  Reaching into the top draw of the bureau I
removed the gag.  Ann's lips hardened into a single line and I could
tell she wasn't thrilled.  "That's a different ball from the last
time you gagged me?" She stated with a questioning tone.  It was a
homemade affair.  A simple children's hard rubber ball with a hole
drilled through it.  Through the hole was threaded a half inch thick
piece of double weight black satin.  Since the last ball had been
greenish blue it didn't take a whole lot of deductive reasoning to notice
the difference.

"I realize that it's been a long time, since our last bondage
encounter", I began.  I couldn't help but add the little jab about
how long it had been.  "But if you remember correctly that ball was
just a tad too small and didn't really fit properly in your mouth. 
This one is slightly larger and I believe that it will rectify that
situation."  She continued to give the ball a malevolent gaze.  As
far as she was concerned it was a necessary evil that she must contend with. 
Striving to make the situation a little less tense, I dropped the gag into her
lap.

Her mouth gaped open as she looked down at the intruding item. 
She let it sit there for a long minute, then finally picked it up in both
hands and held it up to me.  "What do you want me to do with this?",
she asked me dumbfounded  (read "You don't actually expect me to put
this on myself").

I had to smile.  She made such a pretty picture sitting there on the
bed in her sexy costume, holding the ball gag by its satin straps.  The
satin cords were stretched between her grasping fingers, as thick white nylon
ropes dangled from her wrists.  "I thought that it might be a little
easier for you if you put it on yourself.  I was hoping that it would
make the process a little less repugnant to you."

Ann studied the ball
intently.  Her face lost its blank 'I don't like this look' and
took on a more relaxed visage.   Again she shrugged her shoulders,
then brought the ball to her lips.  Looking mischievously over the hard
rubber, up into my eyes, she gave the ball a sexy kiss.  "I just want
you to remember what you will be missing... master", she told me coyly. 
With that she opened her mouth widely and pulled in the ball.  It quickly
became lodged between her two sets of pearly whites.  Stretching wider
and pulling harder she still wasn't able to get it all of the way in.

"Arrrrhhhh, Arrrrhhhh", she complained to me with angry eyes as she
shook the gags satin cords.

"Use the tips of your fingers and PUSH the
ball into your mouth", I calmly advised her.  Slightly mollified by my
words, she dropped the straps and did as instructed.  The ball that had
been held tightly, now popped behind her teeth sliding snugly into place. 
Her warm pink lips surrounded the bright yellow ball.  "Oooohhh...
oooohhh", she mumbled through her gag as she shook her head contently.  
Flipping her hair out the way, as only a woman can do, she tied the satin
straps behind her head.   These soft satin cords dug deeply into the
corners of her mouth, proving that she had not slacked in her tying. 
When she was finished, she raised her hands palm up in front of her inferring what's
next?

I took one of the longer pieces of rope from the bureau and folded it in
half.  "Raise your arms over your head", I ordered calmly.  Her
arms went up and I went to work.  Running the rope over each shoulder and
around her back, I formed a criss-cross pattern about her chest.  The
bottom ropes pushed into the base of her satin-cupped breasts, pressing them
slightly upwards.  I added one last turn of the rope directly across the
center of her chest digging deeply into the soft mounds of her bosom. 
The breast bindings were all knotted dead in the center of her back.  I
had extra rope left over, but I just left it there... for the time being.

"Now please, kneel in the middle of the bed, doggie style", I commanded
softly.  Turning she climbed like a cat onto the white sheeted bed and manoeuvred
into the desired position.  "Spread your knees a bit
more", I told her.  After she complied I said, "Thank you".

With that I used the rope dragging behind each of her bound ankles to attach
them to the short corner posts at the foot of the bed.  No great shocker
their, but my next command caused her enough concern to give me a double take. 
Placing a pillow just below her face, I ordered, "Rest your face on the
pillow and put each of your wrists along side its respective knee." 
Her eyes glared at me as she followed my directions.  Come now, I said to
myself, I can't make it too easy for the dear.  Now can I?  Just
as I had learned long ago in the boy scouts I tied perfect knots attaching
each of her wrists to the fleshy part of her leg just above the knee. 
Keeping her ass raised up like that put quite a bit of strain on her back and
pressed her face into the pillow.  "You may lower you rear... until I
tell you to otherwise, my dear", I informed my wife graciously.  She
mumbled some imprecations through her gag, but fortunately I was not able to
make it out.

She watched me intently as I took the rope lying against her back and
raised it towards the ceiling.  "Should be just enough", I said
mostly to myself.  I placed the ends of the rope through a decorative
hole in the tall headboard.  "Raise your rear once again, my dear", I
required of my bound lover.  Upon her completing my command, I took in
the slack and tied it off.  This, seemingly extra tie was essential, as
it would provide support to her back and help her keep her tush in the air. 
"Thank you, my dear, you may now rest", I once again informed her.

"Arrrrrggghhhh, aaarrgh ssssiiisish", she yelled through her very
effective gag as the unrelenting rope about her chest absorbed the weight from
her upper body.  "Sorry about that my dear, but you will need the
support when I start spanking your butt", I told her.  "Besides once
I begin to really whack you I don't want you flailing all over the bed. 
Or worse yet, falling off of it."  This seemed to slightly mollify her,
but I'm sure that she thought that I was just playing a dirty trick on her. 
You see now when she lowered her butt, her body weight pulled against the rope
halter encircling her chest. While not exactly painful, I am sure it was
definitely uncomfortable.

Using a long cord I bound one end to her leg just above the knee then
stretched the rope between her spread legs and bound the other leg. 
Sliding the rope under the bed and bring it back up on her right side where I
had started, I fastened the rope to the first binding.  This made it
virtually impossible for her to move her body, with of course the exception of
her rear-end.  Oh, and I intended that part of her anatomy to be moving
quite a bit in the very near future!
