---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Mummification Mistress
authors:
- BM
tags:
- F-m
- mum
- cons
- X
date: 2002-10-22 00:00:00
---

He had started to read all
kinds of mummification stories when he was younger in the military. He
started to read club magazine stories, and the diaries of a male slave,
that belonged to a wonderful mistress. He could not get these thoughts
out of his mind, no matter how hard he tried to forget them, he could not.
He started to look in local chat rooms, and many fetish singles but to
no avail, until one day. He found what he thought was a wonder women, that
could fulfil his dreams and many years of frustrated fantasies. They started
to talk online and eventually they progresses to calling each other on
the phone, he was getting what he needed and he thought she was getting
what she wanted - him.

They became closer than he
had ever been with a women like her before. It was like the more he talked
to her the more it scared him to submit to her, but it got to the point,
where it was like he was being reeled into her web, the more he thought
about her the more it excited him, and the more the thrill became real
for him. He was thinking of her all the time day dreaming of her at work,
and of all the things they had talked about and wanted of each other. He
was getting more excited of the fact that they had talked about him becoming
her pet, the last time they talked was wonderful, it gave him a hardon
that was intense, after all he was going to leave his home, and become
her pet, her slave, they had made a plan and it sounded wonderful to him,
she even gave him the address where he was to go.

Then the next night he tried
to call her and she was gone. Gone forever he never knew what happened
to her or what caused her to break up their relationship. So for a few
years he was lost in his search for a new ‘women in charge’ he called her,
until he found her. This time she was for real.  They talked several
times a week and became friends, they talked more about things in real
life then before, family friends, they were truly becoming good friends,
as he would learn that was the best way to do things. She was hesitant
at first to mummify him but she was willing to learn and slowly became
more into the thrill of wrapping him than he had ever been. She started
to read all kinds of books and watch all kinds of tapes, and movies on
the subject.

She started to reel him into
to her web of domination, slowly but surely, they talked about it to make
a plan for him to be helpless in her hands. They talked about it more and
they learned more about each other as the days went by. She got to know
him so well that is was like they were meant to be together. Until the
day that they finally met and she wrapped him with all her love and care.
She started to wrap his legs one at a time, and proceeded up to his chest
where she wrapped his arms one at a time, until she got to his neck, then
she had him sit down in a chair and started to rewrap his legs together
so they were one and they could not move at all. Then she crossed over
his arms, and started to wrap them across his body, she then showed him
what he looked like in a mirror.

Then she proceeded to put
ear plugs and eye patches on his head, so he could be totally isolated,
and alone. She wrapped his head and left his cock exposed so she could
play with it. He was totally thrilled and happy inside his wrappings and
wondering what she was going to do to him next, he was in heaven. She was
also in heaven wondering what she did to deserve such a nice guy that had
such trust and faith in her that he submitted himself to her to play with
knowing that once he was in her powers, he was helpless. This is what trust
is all about, as his mind was wondering as she continued to wrap him tighter
and tighter. As she was in heaven and wonder what a man he was to trust
her to do this to him. As they both enjoyed this time together and were
pondering what they would do next for their next adventure, in slave and
mistress.
