---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Hallow's End
authors:
- CelesteSparkles
tags:
- Other-m
- M+-m
- supernatural
- bond
- plant
- buttplug
- anal
- climax
- mast
- collar
- furry
- majick
- conditioning
- objectify
- enclosed
- costume
- transform
- bodymod
- reluct
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-04-19 00:00:00
---

#### *Chapter 1: A Wrong Turn*

Tommy let out a long sign. “Of course it’s starting to rain,” he thought. He wouldn’t normally be walking home from work, but his car was in the shop and his work wasn’t far from home. At least it wasn’t far when driving. Walking, however, was a completely different matter. It had taken him just over an hour to walk to work and now he was only twenty minutes from work with rain setting in.

Tommy knew the roads he had to drive down, and through this knowledge knew he could cut out a few corners by travelling down small streets and back alleys.

“Not the best route, it looks sheltered from the rain,” he thought, making his way down a covered back alley, the rain bouncing off the coverings.

“Damn,” he said to himself, “is this an alley or a tunnel?” As he continued down the long poorly lit alley, travelling into the darkness ahead.

Tommy could see light ahead, showing him that he was coming out of the alley. He just about knew which way home should be, hoping he’d be able to turn left down an intersection or similar. He was, however, rather surprised to see a large cobbled courtyard lined by bare, spindly trees.

“Well hello there!” greeted a man from his side. “It’s always lovely to see a new face here.”

“Erm, yes, hello, erm,” replied Tommy, dumbstruck. “I suppose it is always good to meet a new face,” he followed up with, managing to get his composure. He was still surprised by the area, looking more like a set from a horror movie than part of his hometown. The man who had greeted him seemed equally as out of place, he had uncanny valley vibes, his limbs looking too long and thin to be normal.

“Indeed, indeed,” the man replied, “so, what brought you to our little corner of the world? Oh, I’m so sorry, my name’s Solomon, how rude of me, forgetting to introduce myself.”

“I’m simply on my way home,” replied Tommy, not wanting to give too much away to Solomon.

“Ah, of course, of course. And what a way you’ve come! You should stay a while, or at least enjoy the festivities, it’s a special day today.” The words flew out of his mouth at such a pace, it took all of Tommy’s concentration to understand everything Solomon had said.

“I don’t believe I can, it’s been a long day, I have no energy for festivities, unfortunately.”

“Oh, you can at least have a look as you pass through. Here let me escort you.”

“Looks like there’s no getting out of this,” thought Tommy as Solomon took him by the hand, “hopefully it'll be short.”

Solomon wouldn’t stop chattering as he took Tommy down the courtyard, informing him about all the shops he passed, greeting everyone he passed on the way, knowing them all by name. These people looked equally as eerie as Solomon, though in different ways. This made Tommy feel rather out of place, especially as each of these people joined Solomon on his walk, gathering quite a procession.

“And here’s *la pièce de résistance*!” exclaimed Solomon as they came to the obvious centrepiece of the fair, a massive pumpkin, round and orange, the classic spooky face cut out of it, green tendrils snaking about. The only obvious variation from the average Halloween pumpkin was the seat back extending from behind the stalk, evidently designed for someone to sit at.

“It looks great,” said Tommy sheepishly. He was impressed in all honesty, but also still just wanted to get home.

It is, it is, isn’t it?” replied Solomon. “All it needs is the guest of honour sitting in his rightful place.”

“Yes, of course,” replied Tommy, humouring Solomon and the rest of the gathering. “Will they be here soon?”

They just arrived!” exclaimed Solomon, “now let’s get you up there!”

“Wait, what!” Tommy was concerned with this revelation.

“Every newcomer deserves to take their place at the introductory fair!”

“I think I'll be going now.”

“Oh, but we insist.” replied Solomon with a creepy smile, “it is why we're here after all.”

It was at this point that Tommy should have done something, he should have run, but he didn’t and all too late he felt strong hands around his arms.

“No, I don’t want to be here!” shouted Tommy in alarm.

“Oh, but you will after the festival,” replied Solomon as the townspeople lifted Tommy, his struggles having no effect, and placed him into place on the pumpkin. His plan now was to leap off and run, but as soon as the townspeople let go, he felt the pumpkins tendrils wrap around his limbs holding him in place, not that this stopped him from struggling. His struggling was stopped momentarily from surprise as he felt something pushing through his clothes and into his anus. He let out a sharp gasp, feeling defiled as the pumpkins stalk began to invade his ass. He redoubled his efforts to escape as his penetration continued, the stalk pushing deep into his virgin hole. He was sure it would keep on pushing through his body, the image of it pushing out of his mouth coming to his mind.

He was thankfully wrong as the stalk reached its full length deep in his hole. Tommy’s face grew red, showing his embarrassment as he realised that he’d been moaning throughout his first filling. “Thank god that’s it,” thought Tommy as the stalk started to recede, eliciting another embarrassing moan from Tommy. He thought it was done before the stalk reversed direction once again, pistoning deep into his ass. His moans grew louder and louder, deeper and deeper, more and more primal, as the stalk continued to pound his ass deep, hard and fast. Tommy felt his rock hard cock begin to spasm, shooting wads and wads of cum into his pants. It was then that Tommy realised he wasn’t the only one cumming, he felt the stalk spasm, pumping some unknown fluid deep inside him. It was so confusing, feeling so much pleasure from the experience but also so much shame and humiliation. He was exhausted from the experience and would’ve collapsed in his seat if not for the tendrils holding him in place. These tendrils, however, did not prevent him from passing out.

#### *Chapter 2: A New Dawn*

Tommy was awake, but couldn’t move. “Sleep paralysis,” his brain told him, “it'll go in time.” But it went on too long, his muscles were working too, but try as he might, they wouldn’t move. The fog of sleep slowly dissipated, his senses coming into sharp focus. The bed sheets were thick, slick and shiny, so slick that he should have been able to slide out if it wasn’t for the pressure keeping him from moving a muscle.

“Good morning,” said a man with a laugh, “what an evening that was, they’re always fun.”

“Who are you? What’s going on?” blurted out Tommy, interrupting the strange man.

“A true introduction is required, isn’t it? My name is Solomon, and yes, I do look different than I did earlier, everything here will, the veil has lifted now that you’ve become one of us,” he laughed, “or have started the process at least.” While his proportions were still as peculiar as before, there was now a certain sheen to Solomon’s skin, a sheen eerily smooth and too shiny for normal skin. “Now I do wish I could stay, especially with you stuck in such an enticing position, but being the Mayor of this town keeps me so busy. I suppose I could leave you like this, find you in the same position later, but that wouldn’t be fair to everyone else, would it? I suppose I’ll have to let you out to explore our lovely town and its glorious inhabitants.” With that, he tapped the side of the bed, turned on his heels and left, closing the door after himself.

After a small amount of time, the pressure holding Tommy in place decreased, losing its hold on him. Tommy attempted to get out of bed, which was harder than he expected. With the pressure gone, there was nothing stopping him from slipping and sliding around on the sick, slippery surface of the bedding.

“God, I need to get out of here. I should find some clothes, or even just underwear, just something that prevents me from getting arrested for nudity,” he thought. He headed straight over to a wardrobe, the only other pieces of furniture in the room being the bed he was on and a full length mirror. Opening the doors, he found a number of tops and bottoms of different designs and styles. The one thing that connected each item was that they were all made of the same shiny fabric. He picked at random, taking out a purple t-shirt. He gave out a large moan as he bent over to grab some pants, a large intrusion shifting in his ass. Blushing, he snapped back up, but that only moved it more. He needed to investigate what was going on and made his way over to the mirror, every step shifting whatever was in his hole, causing more guttural moans with each step.

As Tommy bent over in front of the mirror, the stiff intrusion shifted harshly, eliciting the loudest noise yet, more of a grunt than a moan. The pleasure was so much that his knees buckled, dropping Tommy to the floor. His arousal overcoming his combined willpower, disgust and embarrassment, Tommy clamped his hand around his hard cock. He pumped it hard and fast, pumping it to cum as quickly as possible. His hand moved up and down his member, stroking it like a machine only pausing every so often to focus on the tip, rubbing it, stroking it, doing whatever he can; unconsciously, his other hand had moved to his ass, pushing at the item in his ass, playing with it twisting it, moving it with the same rhythm as his other hand played with his cock. There was nothing he could do, his brain lost to pleasure, keeping him from thinking of anything but orgasming. He kept playing with his cock and his rear, twisting, pounding, pushing, moving, every action possible for long, far longer than he ever had before, though he was in no state to recognise the amount of time he’d been using himself for. He should have cum by now, the pleasure flowing through his body from his ass to his cock to his brain, overwhelming him. After so much teasing, Tommy finally felt himself ready to cum, his cock throbbing and spasming, finally releasing load after load into his stuffed hole.

“What the fuck was that? He thought, his mind suddenly coming back to him, the pleasure decreasing, his libido and need to cum decreasing to a level low enough to bring him to his senses. “Did I cum?” was all he could think. It’s so strange, he knew he shot his load from the post-orgasmic bliss emanating from his cock, but can feel his balls still full. All this thinking brought Tommy back to his senses, remembering what he was doing, why he came to the mirror and after some concerningly pleasurable twisting and squirming, managed to view his stuffed hole. “What is that thing? It’s… odd, the colour, could it be? It must be, fuck, that’s just so..” so many thoughts go through his head as he realised what’s in his ass, what’s been in his hole since before he slept.

It’s the stalk, detached from the pumpkin, still attached, inserted deep in his ass. He nervously reached for it, knowing the pleasure it will bring when touching it, but knowing he must pull it from his body. Sensations of needy eroticism spark through his nervous system as soon as he touched it, irresistible, but he managed to resist, grasping the phallic plant and pulling as hard as possible. “Urghhh,” he moaned as it shifted in his hole, drool spilling from his mouth. As hard as he’s pulling, he only managed to move it two inches before it completely stopped its movement, lodging itself tightly in Tommy’s now experienced hole. Tommy put all his energy into pulling, but it’s hard, so hard, and his grip was slipping. Eventually he can hold it no longer, his fingers slip off the stalk. With no opposing force, the phallus returned to its original position, with force, slamming into position. Tommy screamed in delight, in pain, in pleasure, the sensation of having his ass slammed was such a powerful experience. He knew that if he hadn’t been on the floor already, he would have crumpled to the floor. He was still crumpled, the ecstasy brought from the singular, intense pounding his ass took causing spasms throughout Tommy’s body.

#### *Chapter 3: Downstairs*

After what felt like an hour collapsed on the floor, which must have only been minutes, Tommy managed to get up, he still felt movement from the ex-pumpkin phallus, but after his recent experiences, it felt rather average, not enough to distract him even a little. Tommy grabbed some clothes at random from the wardrobe, ending up with a purple t-shirt and black pants. It took some time to put them on, as slick and shiny as the material felt, it also stuck to his skin, needing to be worked on bit by bit. The pressure from the pants continuously pushed the pumpkin phallus deeper into his hole.

Now dressed, Tommy left the room, ending up in a corridor with doors all the way down and large lift doors at the end. Tommy made his way into the lift, pushing the ground floor button. From his recent experiences, Tommy was rather concerned about what he’s going to find when he exited the lift.

Leaving the lift, Tommy found himself in the hotel lobby. There was a large bar against one wall and a check in desk next to the doors. Asides from that, the area was full of tables and chairs, with patrons of every shape and size sitting at them, some of these patrons were having food and drinks, others reading books or newspapers, but the most noticeable patrons were those with a head on their lap working away at their crotch. These heads were attached to other customers who Tommy noticed, after some observation, have each limb shackled to a table leg.

A smooth purring voice came from across the room, “Hmmm, so you're the new boy then?”

Tommy looked down at himself, wondering if it’s he who was being talked to.

“Yes, you. Or is there another new boy in town?” came the voice again, this time accompanied by a purring laugh. Tommy looked towards the owner of the voice. It’s a creature almost two metres in height, with a long snout and deep green eyes. Instead of wearing any clothes, he’s – and it was obvious that he was a he – was covered in strange, slick, rubbery fur. Tommy approached, beguiled by the attention he’s being given and intrigued by the wolf man’s form.

He let out a long purr, “Aren’t you gorgeous, come spend some time with me.”

Tommy nodded and went to sit down, “I didn’t say sit with me,” the wolf man says, pointing below the table. As Tommy hesitated, trapped in indecision, the wolf man took him by the shoulders, pushing him down. Tommy would have resisted, but just the touch of the wolf man's hands on his shoulders brings such arousal that he immediately gave in, sinking beneath the table. “Hmm good boy,” growled the wolf, as he shackled each of Tommy’s limbs to the table legs. Once settled in his seat, the wolf man pushed Tommy’s head onto his lap, positioning his mouth above his cock, pulling down until Tommy’s lips rested on the tip of his thick member. “Don’t make me put all the effort in,” purred the wolf man, as he slapped the back of Tommy’s head, making him jerk his head downward, his lips being pushed open as they slid down the wolf's dick. The wolf man’s thick meat caused Tommy’s lips to tingle, a sensation which immediately travelled to his cock, almost mirroring the pleasure being given to the wolf man. Without any encouragement, Tommy slammed his mouth far down the wolf man’s girthy penis, filling his mouth with it, coating it in his drool. He kept it there for as long as he could take, his gag reflex and need for air battling his need for cock until it was victorious, forcing Tommy to release the cock from his hungry maw, gasping for air. He got as much air in his lungs as possible before diving his lips back down the wolf man’s member, his throat bulging from the filling it was getting. Throughout this process, the wolf man had managed to keep his composure, retaining an air of nonchalance during the deep blowjob he was getting until, unexpectedly, he grabbed Tommy's head, pushing his mouth down his cock, making Tommy rhythmically suck his cock until, with a high pitched howl, he shot rope after rope of hot were-cum down Tommy's throat.

“Mmmm,” he moaned, “I needed that soooo much.” The wolf patted Tommy on the head. “You’re such a good boy. I shouldn’t let you out of my sight, and I’m sure you could use an escort while you explore the town, a thing like you wouldn’t manage to go five paces without getting his mouth used.” Tommy nodded to this, though he was not in the state to understand anything the wolf man said. “Carlos,” said the wolf man, the first word that even got inside Tommy’s head. “Yes, Carlos, huh?”

“It’s my name. You didn’t take in anything I said, did you?” He paused and smiled, “but you did agree to it, didn’t you?”

“Uh, I suppose I did.”

“Don’t worry. You just agreed to be accompanied around town,” he explained with a laugh. “Though if we are going out, we should get you properly equipped, you could really do with some shoes.”

“Oh, um, yes,” replied Tommy, still slightly out of step with Carlos, struggling to fully catch up.

“Don’t go anywhere,” teased Carlos, not that Tommy could while shackled beneath the table. Tommy waited nervously, half hoping that no one would take advantage of his position and half hoping that they would. A moan was suddenly forced out of Tommy as someone stroked his feet.

“Interesting, we might have to exploit that later,” came the mysterious but instantly recognisable purring voice of Carlos. “Let’s not get distracted.” Tommy felt a pair of boots being put on his feet, forcing them into a gentle arch. He was then let out of the shackles and let out from under the table, helped up by Charles. Tommy stumbled a little while finding his balance, discovering that the boots, as rubbery as the rest of his outfit, had a thin heel to them.

“Let’s go. You only get one first day, and then there’s the evening's entertainment.” While still new to the town, Tommy could easily guess what the evening's activities would entail.

#### *Chapter 4: A Day and Night on the Town*

“Come on,” he gave a bark of a laugh, “should really ask your name.”

“It’s Tommy, or at least it was, so much had changed over these last few hours that I wouldn’t be surprised if that had changed too.”

“Only if you want it to.”

“Well, I think Tommy still suits me for now.”

“Of course, Tommy, now let me show you the high street, all the places you should know. Let’s start with Kelly’s.”

Carlos walked Tommy out of the hotel and down to the high street. After a short walk they arrive at a store named Kelly’s Accessories.

“Kelly’s a sweetheart, don’t let the appearance or the shop's appearance fool you.”

“What does she sell?”

“He, Kelly’s a he, and he sells all the things that make fun more fun.” He ended the sentence with a wolfish giggle.

It was hard to tell what Kelly’s Accessories was like from the outside, dark velvet curtains blocking out any light that could extrude. A cheery bell rang as Carlos and Tommy entered. Tommy was taken aback, the walls and a number of racks were filled with chains, spiked leather and all manner of restraint, each looking more sinister than the last. A pair of white fangs gleamed in the darkness. A low, lazy voice slunk out from the darkness, “well well well, what do we have here? A dog and his owner?”

Carlos let out a mighty, terrifying howl, the energy in the air forcing Tommy to take a step backwards. A laugh was all that was returned from the teeth in the gloom. “Carlos, my friend, my love, my favourite customer! Always such a pleasure to see you here and even more a pleasure to take your money, or the favours you offer instead.” Kelly stepped into the light. He was shorter than Carlos though still taller than average. He had dark skin, so dark that it seemed to absorb any light around him, his ears were pointed and his eyes a deep hazel. Studying Kelly’s figure, Tommy gaze was drawn to his C cup breasts and hourglass figure, easily visible beneath his rubbery business suit.

“I know, I’m far too hot to be a man, aren’t I?” he asked, extending the vowels into a drawl, finishing with a light giggle. “Confuses even the best of them, though it’s not the top that’s important, but what’s below,” he pointed down to his groin. “Now what can I do you for? Or would you rather browse?”

“Oh, you know me, there’s ever so much I could do with, but I’m going on an adventure with this pretty thing and don’t want to lose him. I know you know what I mean, don’t want to ruin the surprise.”

“Ahh,” said Kelly with a cackle, “here you go. You can pay later, I know you're good for it.” Kelly winked suggestively at Carlos. “Now shall we do the ceremony? Close your eyes, Tommy, and you’ll receive what you need.”

Tommy closed his eyes, then felt something wrap tightly around his neck, then feeling a tugging sensation and the usual purring laugh. “You can open your eyes now.” Opening his eyes, Tommy could see himself in a mirror helpfully placed in front of him by Kelly. He saw the collar around his neck and traced the leash linked to it to the gauntlet around Carlos’ wrist. “Don’t want to lose you,” grinned Carlos. “Cheers Kel, be seeing you.”

“You know I hate you calling me that, Carlos.”

“Yes, your point?”

Carlos and Tommy left the store before they could hear Kelly’s response. “Well, we’ve still got a few hours to kill before your initiation, whoops said too much…” accompanied by the usual laugh. “What shall we do, what shall we do? Perhaps some culture to enlighten you.” Tommy had no choice but to follow as Carlos pulled him down the street by his leash. Carlos eventually dragged Tommy to the local art gallery.

“Welcome to our art gallery and penitentiary. They’re very much the same,” said Carlos with a wolfish grin. “I’m sure you'll love the exhibits.”

Walking through the first room, the pair viewed a large number of paintings, each of them depicting extreme acts of debauchery, including a number which don’t look physically possible. “Aheh, this is just the beginning,” remarked Carlos.

The first thing the pair noticed before entering the next gallery were the sounds of squeaking and moaning. That and the smell, an intense smell of rubber, even compared to the usual stench of the town's denizens.

The first installation to be seen in the hall of living sculpture was called “Three’s a Crowd”. A trio of women fully encased in black rubber, two frames were suspended between them, one at head height, the other at crotch height. These frames each had three large dildos extending from them, filling the trio’s mouths and pussies. All six of their breasts were also pierced with rings pulling their nipples to each other, keeping them stretched and taught.

Another sculpture featured eight men trapped in a singular octagonal suit.The men were each kept in alternating black and white sections. It was obvious from the positioning and movement of the figures that each man was sucking the next man and being sucked by the previous one.

There were many more sculptures of singular subjects, couples, trios and more, each completely encased and forced into any number of degrading acts. After a while, Carlos smiled at Tommy with his wolfish grin. “We should get going, it’s almost time to finish your introduction to our town. Not sure why I’m telling you, I could just drag you there anyway.”

#### *Chapter 5: The Final Ceremony*

Carlos led Tommy back to the place where it all began.

“Here we are, the majestic pumpkin, though I’m sure you remember the experience and the souvenir you took.” He slapped Tommy's butt precisely on the phallic pumpkin stalk, impaling his ass and eliciting a needy moan from Tommy who, having become adjusted to its presence, had forgotten all about it. “Oh and let’s get this off of you,” said Carlos, removing Tommy’s collar.

Solomon took his place on a small stage, erected right in front of the massive pumpkin.

“Come one, come all, to this splendid, majestic, magnificent ceremony! We are here to fully induct a new member into our beautiful community! Of course, we all know that, all of us but one that is, and so without further ado, we shall let them discover their new beginning!” With that speech done with, Solomon dismounted the stage, his lackeys rolling it out of the way, allowing the crowd to see the entirety of the pumpkin. The crowd funneled Tommy towards the pumpkin, each giving their support and encouragement, though most with a sly smile and a knowing nod or wink.

“Mmmm, this will be good,” thought Tommy. “More time getting properly pounded.”

Tommy took his place sitting on the pumpkin, his back against the rest, the phallus in his hole reconnecting to the pumpkin, he outstretched his arms and legs, allowing the tendrils to wrap around them, holding him back in place. Tommy let out a long loud moan as the stalk begins to slide in and out from his hole, beginning to bounce his ass up and down on it, being allowed to move by the tendrils but kept taut, increasing Tommy’s force, helping him slam his ass down harder and harder on the phallus. Tommy’s moans suddenly turned into a scream as he fell into the pumpkin, the tendrils pulling him deep, deep down into its centre.

Tommy’s scream was then muffled as a new tendril extended into his mouth, filling it, gagging him, keeping any sound from exiting his body. More and more tendrils extended into the cavity inside the pumpkin’s base, wrapping themselves around Tommy's body and limbs, writhing around him, bringing nothing but pleasure everywhere they touch. A separate, special tendril extended at crotch height, opening, taking his cock into its deep embrace, Tommy was so distracted by the pleasure from his cock and all the other tendrils that he barely noticed as a second internal tendril inserted itself into his urethra. Tommy continued to reel in his tendril cocoon, lost in the absolute pleasure of the writhing tendrils and the deep penetrations of his ass, his mouth and his penis. His mind was gone, his awareness lost to pleasure, he felt everything swelling, the tendrils inside him preparing to fill him with their peculiar fluids, the tendrils outside ready to coat his body, his cock ready to shoot his load. It all happened at once, his brain felt like it just exploded, every inch of his body inside and out had become a centre of pleasure, a complete and absolute full body orgasm.

As Tommy’s awareness came back to him, he felt himself sliding out of the pumpkins jagged toothed mouth. The ground was much softer than expected, he quickly realised that he had landed in a tight rubbery coffin, the light immediately disappearing as the lid was quickly shut, a sticky squelch being all he heard as it sealed shut.

Light came to Tommy’s eyes as his new home was suddenly opened. He had no idea how much time had passed, an hour, a day, a month? Who could tell? It couldn’t have been too long as there was no ache in any of his muscles.

The purring laugh surprised Tommy, in hindsight he didn’t know why he didn’t expect it. And then the voice, the oh so familiar voice.

“Hmmmm… let’s have a look at you, see what you’ve become. Ooooh, isn’t that something? What a look. Here, let me help you out, then you can take a look yourself.”

A pair of strong hands wrapped around Tommy, one around his shoulders and one around his hips, after a short detour about his crotch, that is. While being taken out of his old coffin home, Tommy noticed odd movement and a peculiar weight to his head. “Noticed it? Heh, you’ll see it soon enough.”

Tommy was taken fully from the coffin and presented in front of a full length mirror, allowing him to see his new self in his entirety. He saw a jester, a classic medieval jester, with a dangly pointed hat and all, all in green and black rubber. What a sight he was, beautiful in the peculiar, uncanny, eery way of every other resident.

Tommy let out a maniacal cackle, one befitting of his new self. “Well, Carlos!” he said through fits of giggles, “shall we try this new body out? It’s flexible, perfect for tumbling and other acts,” he contorted himself, almost breaking the bounds of the human body, twisting and flexing, and with much less effort than it should have taken, managed to get his mouth around his member. “I’m not sure if I even need you now,” he mocked, standing back up.

“There’s somewhere you can’t reach, let me help with that, then we can show the town what you’ve become.”

“The town?”

Tommy realised that they were in a large bedroom, the bed framed by a series of frames each with restraints in different orientations.

“Yes, it’s tradition. The one you got closest to gets first look and fuck. Well, the fuck isn’t obligatory, but I haven’t heard a story yet of a new resident refusing.”

Carlos picked Tommy up, flinging him onto the bed, watching with amusement as Tommy flipped once, twice, three times in the air, landing like a ragdoll in a pile, though it was obvious to see the purposeful suggestive placing of his body.

Carlos let out a rough growl. “Fresh meat, new prey, a morsel to be devoured,” his voice dripping with aggression.

The jester giggled manically, rolling off the bed, flinging itself to the side, trying to escape the wolf man but to no avail, the wolf man grabbing him in mid air, swinging him onto on of the bondage frames, the cuffs snapping shut preventing any escape.

“I have you now!” growled Carlos, stroking a claw down his back, circling his exposed asshole, then diving right in. All Tommy could do was moan, his moans growing in intensity as another claw was slipped inside. Jester Tommy let out a small whimper as the claws move in opposite directions, stretching his ass open. Suddenly, in one smooth motion, the fingers were removed, being replaced by Carlos’ hot thick were-cock. All the jester could do was wriggle and writhe in his restraints, the movement adding to his stimulation, amplifying the pleasure they were both receiving. Jester saw a pair of claws coming towards his face in his peripheral vision, the claws being shoved in his mouth. “Taste your hole,” growled Carlos as Jester instinctively started sucking the claws, licking every taste of himself from them. It was tasty, delicious, much more delicious than anything he had tasted in his former life. Distracted by his taste, Jester hadn’t noticed the rhythm of Carlos’ thrusts increasing, his grunts getting louder and deeper. He did notice, however, as Carlos orgasmed, load after load of hot cum spewing deep into his hole, the first load he’d taken since his experiences with the pumpkin and the first ass fucking he’d had from a person. Carlos had one final surprise for Tommy, as he pulled out of Tommy’s stretched hole, immediately replacing his cock with a fake one, a plug to keep his cum deep inside of the jester. “Got to keep it inside you,” Carlos said, back to his normal smooth voice, “don’t you know that’s how we spread the curse?” Carlos couldn’t resist laughing at that comment, setting off the jester in his maniacal laugh making Carlos laugh even more.

*This new life in a new town was all I’ll ever need,* thought Tommy, lost in the delights of Hallow’s End.
