---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Erotic Magic Club Part 3
authors:
- Doug S
tags:
- MM-fff
- bodymod
- magic
- packaged
- cons
- X
date: 2004-04-10 00:00:00
---

continued from [part 2](erotic_magic_club2.html)

**Part 3: Bowling Night**

By now you know all about the Erotic Magic Club.  You recall that,
after I helped to rescue Suzy from an illusion she was trapped in, her
father, who owns the club, invited me to a night out bowling with all the
girls.  Bowling night was about a month after the rescue, and I'd
spent the intervening few weeks sort of dating Josephine, one of the dancers. 
Therefore, it was Josephine who came to pick me up and show me where it
was that we were meeting.

We arrived at the Bowling Alley to find Stavro and Jim already there,
with some more of the dancers and some people I didn't recognise but were
obviously part of our group.  I learnt that Stavro had booked four
aisles together, and he organised us into groups according to ability. 
He and Jo were in the top foursome, and I volunteered to join the novices'
four.

If I had a job ten-pin-bowling I'd be bankrupt in a fortnight. 
Give me something with a hard disk and an Ethernet card in it, and I can
do wonders.  Put a bowling ball in my hand and I might as well just
drop it straight in the ditch before I start.  I threw ball after
ball down the aisle at those pins, and after however many goes you get,
I had twenty-six points on the board.  One of the girls brought along
her boyfriend who had never bowled before, and even he got more points
than me.

However, if I was the worst bowler in the building, Josephine was quite
the opposite.  Stavro and Jo, playing two aisles to my left, were
vying for the lead all evening, and with just two balls remaining each,
Jo was only three points behind.  They had the sort of scores I get
when I'm playing Scrabble.  However, after the final balls were bowled
-- Jo had three, Stavro only two, I don't know why -- Jo was suddenly streets
ahead.  Maybe I could bowl better if I understood the scoring.

Jim stood on a chair to announce the winners.  I got a wooden spoon
as the lowest scorer, and Spic Cheney, another dancer in my set of four,
got a prize as most promising newcomer.  "Now we always find something
exotic for our winner," said Jim, "and tonight is no exception.  Jo
has made the highest score during a Bowling Night since Stavro 'Seven-Strikes'
Mueller won the title in 1992, so we have a special prize for her tonight. 
I want her to take Doug here home and try it out, and she can tell us all
afterwards how she got on."

Jim pulled the box from his bag and handed it to Jo.  Marked on
the side in large, friendly letters were the words "Another weird idea
from Jim the Unhinged".  She read these words aloud, looked at me
in a sort of strange, almost frightening manner, and then looked back at
Jim.  "The instructions are in the box ?" she asked.  After Jim
nodded, she turned to me and said "Are you up for this ?"

"What do you mean ?" I asked.

"You've been to the club two or three times," she explained, "and you
know what his tricks are like.  If I know Jim, this is some untried
experiment that might turn you into a herring or something.  What
do you think ?"

"Well, if I expect you girls to put up with this treatment on stage,"
I said, "it's only fair I should help in the research.  Whatever happens,
I'm sure that Jim can make good any damage."

"Great stuff, Doug," said Jim, "I knew we could count on you. 
You go and let Jo do this trick to you, and you'll never be rude about
magician's assistants again."  I didn't think I had ever been rude
in the past, but never mind.

Well, I walked the half-mile or so back to Jo's flat with her and went
in.  She sent me in to the kitchen to make the coffee while she unloaded
her new toy onto the living-room floor, pulling out a sheet of paper covered
with Jim's instructions and diagrams.  When I returned with a pair
of mugs a few minutes later, she had assembled a small structure of chromed
metal tubes forming a pair of hinged hammocks swinging in a three-dimensional
metal frame.  The whole assembly was about nine inches high. 
She had lifted what looked like a leather triangle with straps from the
box and was laying it out on the table when I arrived with the drinks.

"Get your kit off, then," she ordered, putting down the last of the
strips of leather and reaching for my shirt buttons.  When I asked
her what was going on, she refused to tell me.  "Look," she said,
"Every Friday night you see me and the other girls half naked, and put
into whatever sick trick Jim's doing that night.  I don't think there's
a square inch of skin on any of the girls that you've not seen.  You've
been going out with me for four weeks now, and I've not even seen you with
your shirt off.  Well, now it's my turn.  Get them off, and you
can find out how the trick works as we go, same as us girls have to."

I had to concede that she had a point, so my shirt came off, followed
by my shoes and so on, until I stood there completely unencumbered by clothing. 
Jo was still in the jeans and T-shirt she'd gone bowling in, and took the
opportunity to play on our reversed roles.  She delighted in commenting
on my body, generally making me feel like an object.

"Yes, alright, I get the point.  Can we get on now ?" I asked. 
Jo passed me the black leather assembly -- a sort of triangular panel with
a circular hole in it.  A leather strap ran from each corner. 
I asked Jo what to do with it, so she took it back and knelt down in front
of me.  She put my dick through the hole, and then reached behind
the panel and pushed each of my balls through it, one at a time. 
It was quite a snug fit, and when she let go of the leather, it just hung
there in front of me.  She told me to turn round, and then took a
strap from each of the top two corners and connected them to each other
behind my back.  She pulled the bottom strap between my buttocks and
connected
it to the former two.  All three straps were tightened unmercifully,
and I asked her to be careful, but she reminded me of how I'd tied her
up the first time we met (me? that was Jim!) and made them all the tighter. 
When she was satisfied, she asked me to turn round to face her once more. 
She reached between my legs and felt for the bottom point of the triangle,
and pressed somewhere, and I felt something give way.  She did something
similar to the other two corners -- one in front of each hip -- and suddenly
she was kneeling up in front of me, holding the triangular plate of leather,
with my pride and joy still attached!  She stood and held the item
up alongside her face and, looking at me with a wicked grin, licked her
lips.  In spite of myself, I felt the blood coursing through my temples,
and watched in mortified embarrassment as my disconnected dick started
to fill.  Jo was delighted.

She turned round and put my cock and balls on the table, near the metal
frame she'd assembled while I was making the coffee.  "Now," she said,
"Did you ever watch Blue Peter ?".  I replied in the affirmative,
and she grinned and said "Well, here's something I prepared earlier." 
She reached into the box which Jim had given her and lifted out a matching
triangular panel of white leather, and framed in the oval aperture in the
leather was her own smoothly shaven sex.  She put her triangle down
face-up next to mine on the table and looked at me for my reaction. 
I don't think I've ever been so hard, or seen myself from quite that angle.

"When did you do that ?" I asked.

"When you were making the coffee.  If you work as a magician's
assistant, you get used to getting in and out of strange costumes quickly,
so getting my jeans off, popping the weasel and putting them back on wasn't
difficult."

"So what happens now ?"

"Now we get to test Newton's Cradle here," she said gesturing towards
the metal frame.  She took her triangle and slid it into the swinging
section on one side of the frame, facing the centre of the structure. 
She did the same with mine on the other side, and demonstrated how the
two sections each swung freely backwards and forwards.  "Now the best
bit," she said, "when I get to catch up on the last four weeks.  Four
weeks when all you've done is buy me coffees and hold my hand.  This
is what you should have been doing."

She swung both hammocks back to the limit of their travel, and swung
my weapon into line with hers.  She eased me in, and pushed the two
back together again.  "Now isn't that a lot better ?" she asked. 
"This is good," she said, "you'll like this."  She flipped a switch
on the base of the unit, and the two triangles started to slide slowly
apart.  A couple of inches out, and then the direction of travel reversed
until the two sides met, my balls squeezed out the sides of the two triangles
as our respective leather panels were pressed firmly against each other. 
"One cycle every five seconds," she said, "means that you never get to
go fast enough to finish.  I bet we can last for hours.  Get
your clothes on."

"Clothes on ?" I parroted, stupidly.  "What do you mean, get your
clothes on ?"  It is hard to think straight when you're talking to
someone while your detached genitalia are having sex with each other on
the coffee table a few feet away.

She lifted the frame back into the empty box, complete with our detached
bits and pieces still pistoning merrily away at twelve strokes a minute. 
"Two reasons -- no, three.  Firstly, Jim wanted us to tell him if
all this worked.  Then I want to see if we can adjust this thing for
speed.  Finally, I want to get him to build this thing for other bits
of our bodies.  So, We're off to Jim's house."

"Aren't we going to stop the machine and put ourselves back together
again ?"

"Not likely," she said.  "I haven't had any for six months and
I'm not going to stop now."

She finished both cups of coffee while I dressed, and taking the box
under her arm, led me out of the flat and round the corner to a three-storey
Victorian house about a quarter of a mile away.  It felt most odd
following her through the night time streets of Exeter while the machine
in the box she was carrying kept sliding me in and out of her at that maddeningly
slow pace.

We strode up the front steps of Jim's house and she rang the bell. 
She turned round to look at me, and her face was flushed and she was breathing
a little quicker than the short walk demanded.  She was about to say
something when the door swung back and a middle-aged dumpy woman looked
out.

"Hi Mrs D.  Is Jim here ?"

Mrs D opened the door fully and gestured us in.  "Hello Jo. 
Yes, he's downstairs with the twins," she said, "and he told me to expect
you about now.  This must be Doug."

I smiled and nodded -- I was in no state to make conversation -- and
followed Jo through a small door under the main staircase, and down a narrow
flight to the basement, a well-lit pair of rooms looking a little like
an old library or second-hand junkshop.  The stairs opened up into
a room about fifteen feet square, with a wide arch to another room of similar
size.  The second room had a workbench around the three far walls,
and the room we entered had a sofa and a couple of comfy chairs.

On the sofa were the twins,  Spic and Span Cheney.  They were
lying down with their heads at opposite ends of the seat, each wearing
a leather bikini top, one in brown leather and one in black.  They
were joined end-to-end at the waist so neither of them had any hips or
legs.  "Hi Jo, Hi Doug," said one, "excuse us for not getting up but
Jim's been playing surgeon again."  In the centre of the room their
two bottom halves, joined waist to waist, were knelt facing each other. 
Again, each was wearing the usual tight leather shorts, one each in brown
and black.

Jim came in from the other room with a tray and greeted us.  "Hello
boys and girls.  Coffee ?"  He placed the tray on the girl's
backs, where the two bottom halves of the Spanish twins were acting as
a table.  "Hey, Jo.  You remember when I tried to do this with
you and Suzy and it wouldn't work ?  Well, when I discovered that
Spica and Spanula were twins, I thought it was worth a try, and it works
a treat.  One lump or two ?"

Jo and I sat on the two easy chairs while Jim gave us a brief lecture
about tissue types and compatible immune systems.  He was pacing backwards
and forwards waving his arms like a college professor, delighted with this
latest experiment like a boy with a new toy.  The twins were unimpressed,
and grumbled about the difficulties of drinking coffee when they couldn't
both sit upright at once.  Jo and I had our own difficulties drinking,
since the box at Jo's feet was still driving me into and out of her every
five seconds or so.

"Bugger biochemistry," Jo exclaimed eventually, "we didn't come here
to discuss your cut-and-paste games with the twins.  We've  got
our own situation to talk about."

Jim picked up the coffee tray and took it back to the kitchen, while
Jo lifted our sex machine out of the box and placed it on the twin's backs. 
"Is that what I think it is ?" asked one of them.  "Damn right it
is," said the other, "these two have been bonking steadily since before
they came down the stairs."

Jim returned from the other room and looked at the chromed metal cage. 
"It worked, then.  You're both showing remarkable composure."

Jo reached out and rested her finger on the switch.  She waited
until the two halves of the structure were at their greatest separation,
and then flipped the switch to the off position.  She reached into
the frame and popped my tool out of its organic dock and sat back in her
chair.  "You can have too much of it.  And it's so damn slow,
going backwards and forwards like a train with leaves on the line. 
Can't it go any faster ?"

"It's only a motor," said Jim, "an old windscreen wiper motor and a
handful of batteries.  If I give it twelve volts instead of six, it
would speed up."

"What about doing this with other bits of our bodies ?" asked Jo, lifting
my dick out of the frame and handing it to me.  "I'm sure we could
do something interesting besides this."

Jim said he would see if he had something.  While Jo and I were
re-attaching our respective equipment in their original locations, he went
back to his lab and pulled a box out from under one of the benches. 
He pulled a handful of white leather garments out of the box and passed
them to Jo.  As I dressed myself once more, she undressed completely
and started to put on the stuff provided by Jim.  First, obviously,
was a pair of her trademark white shorts.  These were almost too small,
and the waist had to be pulled quite tight before it could be done up. 
A cupless bikini top followed -- two hoops of white leather, one at the
base of each breast, so that the flesh stood out from the hole in the centre. 
This was attached with a roller buckle in the back.  Two wide bands
of the same white leather formed a cuff at the very top of each arm. 
Finally, a white leather hood, with a circular aperture for her face, laced
tightly from the crown of her head down to the back of her neck.

"These work just like the things you were wearing earlier," Jim explained
to Jo, "we should be able to pop the panels off and break you up into pieces."

Jo had that expression on her face again.  She didn't know whether
to dread what Jim was about to do to her, or to look forward to it. 
I suppose the two feelings aren't too far apart.  Jo asked if Jim
would let her do most of the work herself, and Jim said that he didn't
see why not.  "Just lie down on the floor, and you should be able
to do most of it."

Jo stretched herself out on the floor between the sofa and the twins'
legs.  Instructed by Jim, she reached around behind the tops of her
right leg and pressed a certain spot in the hemline of the shorts, whereupon
her leg detached itself from her hip.  A cap of white leather covered
the top end of her thigh, but the place where it had been removed seemed
to be hollow.  Jim asked her to turn her leg around end-for-end and
push it, foot first, into the open leg-hole of the shorts.  She did
so, and as the leg slid home, the edge of the cap at its top end fused
with the open end of the shorts, leaving a distinctive circular ridge or
seam.  She then did just the same with her left leg, so she appeared
completely free of lower limbs, seemingly stopping at the hips.  "I
can't feel my legs now," she said, "it's as if they're not there. 
They each went numb just as they slid home."

The next stage was her waist.  Again on Jim's command, she felt
around her waistband for the release, and when she found it her hips, still
inside the shorts, dropped away from the upper half of her body. 
She picked up her hips, placing them on the floor in front of herself,
upside down.  Jo levered herself upright, so that she was stood on
the opposite cut surface of the same waist.  "I can still feel that. 
Now what do I do ?" she asked.

"Now you get your tits off." said Jim.  Very shortly the two white
leather hoops had split to release their mounds of flesh, and Jo placed
them face-up on the floor between her top and bottom sections.  "Your
arms want to go the same way as your legs," said Jim, "but I don't think
you'll be able to do them both."  Jo detached her left arm at the
shoulder with relative ease, feeding it back into the hole in the remaining
part of the cuff, but then she ran into trouble.  She could not reach
the spot on the cuff high up on her right arm using the hand on the same
side.  "Help her out, Doug," said Jim.

I knelt alongside her curtailed body and felt around the cuff at her
right shoulder.  I felt a bump, like a piece of metal embedded in
the surface of the leather, and pushed firmly against it.  The cuff
divided along its length and her arm dropped the eighteen inches or so
to the floor.  I picked it up and looked at it.  The severed
end was covered by the white leather which had formed one half of the cuff,
but the remainder of the arm was conventional enough.  The limb was
definitely still alive, since the hand was warm where I held it, and squeezed
back when I squeezed it.  I turned it round and pointed the fingers
at the gap in Jo's right shoulder.  As I fed the arm into the darkness
within, I felt it become steadily lighter.  It was as if the arm was
ceasing to exist.  When the cap at the end of the arm met the remaining
half of the cuff, the two edges seemed to swallow each other and she was
left with the cap over the armless corner of her shoulder.

"There's a cut at the bottom of her top, Doug," prompted Jim, so I felt
around the bottom edge of the white leather bikini and felt the stud under
where her left arm used to be.  I released it and lifted her shoulders
and chest away from her waist, which remained on the floor.  Jim bent
down and flipped her waist over so that it was upside down.  I lowered
her onto her inverted waist and watched the narrower end of it disappear
up inside her ribcage.  Again, the two edges of the leather garment
fused, and Jo was getting smaller and smaller.

Where is all this going, Jim ?" asked Jo.

"You asked if we could do the detached trick on other bits of your body,"
Jim replied, "and we're just demonstrating it.  Your face is next."

Jim knelt down in front of Jo and his finger stabbed out to strike a
spot just below and to the left of Jo's left eye.  His finger landed
on the edge of the circular hole in the white leather hood which Jo was
wearing.  The panel lifted away, a perfect circle about six inches
in diameter, and suddenly Jo's face was in Jim's hands.  He handed
her face to me, and I propped it up, resting on her inverted hips and looking
between her breasts at what was left of her top half.  The remainder
of Jo stood on the floor, a faceless head wrapped in white leather, an
armless pair of shoulders, and a breastless chest, the whole measuring
only a couple of feet in height.

"Nearly finished now," said Jim, "just your head and shoulders to go. 
Doug, pop the top edge of the boob tube."

I felt around the upper edge of the garment and found the stud. 
Lifting her head and shoulders from the leather-clad lower section, I inverted
them and lowered them into place.  Once the edges had sealed to each
other, we were left with the white leather cylinder which had previously
been the strapless bikini top, with two plain white disks where her breasts
had been, and plain leather surfaces on top and (I assumed) below. 
It sloped from about five inches high at the front edge to two inches at
the back.  Jim picked this up, crumpled the leather into a ball and
lobbed it back into the box from whence it came.

"So what happens now, Jim ?" asked Jo from her place on the floor.

"Now we re-assemble.  Doug, pick up her hips and come here."

I left her face on the floor between her detached breasts and brought
her hips to Jim's improvised table.  Jim was about to tell me what
to do when a voice came from the sofa.  "My knees are killing me,"
one of the twins said: "can we both stand up for a bit ?"

I picked up Jo's disembodied hips, and Jim helped the bottom half of
the pair of twins back onto their four feet.  This left us with a
table about three feet high.  I put Jo's hips back down again.

Jim picked up Jo's face and placed it on the top of Jo's hips, where
her waist had been detached earlier.  There was about an inch gap
on either side, so we pulled on the edges of the leather until suddenly
it caught, and the edges came together like a soap bubble popping. 
Her face had become secured to the top of her hips and the seam around
the edge had melded with the waistband of her shorts.

"This all feels very odd," said Jo, "I can't feel my body at all." 
She paused momentarily for a sort of internal audit, and grinned. 
"I can't feel my anything any more.  Jim, stop that."

"So  you can still feel these" said Jim, carrying her two breasts
nipple-to-nipple and rubbing them against each other.  "These are
going on where your legs came off."

With Jim on one side and me on the other, we attached her breasts to
the leg holes on her shorts.  Again, the leather seams leapt to knit
themselves together upon contact.

Now Jo rested before us dressed only in her white shorts, a bizarre
figure only a foot or so across.  her breasts stuck out of the leg
holes and the waistband framed her face.  Nothing else remained. 
"Those shorts have got to come off" said Jim. "Doug, will you oblige ?"

"Do you mind, Jo ?" I asked, concerned that the dramatically reduced
dancer might find her situation uncomfortable.

"I can hardly stop you," retorted Jo with a huge grin plastered across
her face.  I unzipped her shorts and pushed them back off her hips. 
I lifted her out of them and held her up to look at her, the perfect compact
girlfriend.  I had a breast and buttock in each hand, a face on top
and a pair of holes below -- what more could you want ?  Jo was delighted. 
"This is brilliant, Doug.  How to lose weight in one easy lesson. 
I could spend all week like this if you were here to feed me and keep me
clean."  I had to say that the prospect was attractive.

While I was admiring Jo, and she was making lewd suggestions about what
I could do to her in her restructured state, Jim was leading the twins'
four legs to the far side of the room.  He stood them table-fashion
near the wall, and asked me to put Jo down on the floor.

"Now Doug," he said as he walked towards me, "Your bowling earlier was
not far off the worst I've seen and you could use a bit of coaching."

"Jim, you bastard," shrieked Jo from the floor, "you are not using me
for bowling practice.  If you do I'll ..."

Jim kept walking towards Jo and me, and as he came he reached smoothly
into his pocket and retrieved a large white snooker ball from his pocket,
a ball with which Jo and I were already familiar.  I had just enough
time to place a bet with myself concerning what he'd do with the ball,
when he stooped and popped it into Jo's mouth, where it wedged snugly behind
her teeth.  He didn't even slow down.  He stopped a few feet
behind me and directed me to pick Jo up and join him.

Jim looked across the room at the twins' legs.  "I suppose this
is four-pin bowling."  He turned the furious Jo over in my arms, "You
need to hold your hand like this.  Put your thumb in here and your
fingers here ..."

Jo didn't talk to me for about three days after Bowling Night. 
I can't say I'm surprised.

story continues in part four - [**Sandy on the Pole**](erotic_magic_club4.html)
