---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/sophies_request.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Sophie's Request
authors:
- Gordian
tags:
- n/a
---

**Sophie's Request**
Chapter One

In answer to her messages on my answer-phone, I called Sophie back and
we had a long chat. She had calmed down and although she was still annoyed
and embarrassed I had involved Suzy in our 'games' she agreed to let me
take her out for dinner that evening, Saturday. Over dinner I apologised
for embarrassing her, explaining that I only wanted to surprise her and
enhance her experience of her own burglar-fantasy. Strangely, I didn't
mention my enjoyment of fucking both her and my ex-girlfriend at the same
time! Anyway, the apology was fairly well received and all Sophie seemed
to want in return was for me to provide her with her original fantasy -
but as she actually wanted it.

So, after dinner I took Sophie back to her apartment where after some
coffee we had sex on the sofa - just straight 'vanilla', but great at breaking
the ice.  Afterwards we discussed her original 'burglar' fantasy. 
Sophie wanted it just right, basically because I wouldn't be seeing her
again afterwards.  Her fiancé returned home next week and our
adventures were due to come to an abrupt end.

Sophie's fantasy wanted me enter her apartment one night during the
week, tie her securely, to make her suck me off and then to fuck her. 
I was then to leave her tied and gagged - her flatmate would check on her
in the morning and free her.  She wanted it to be as real as possible. 
All she wanted me to promise, was to stick to her story and not involve
anyone else.

Well, I readily agreed.  Not just because it gave me one last chance
to have her sexy little body all tied up for me, but also there was enough
scope within her instructions for me to give her a few 'surprises' of my
own and to have some fun at her expense! Talking about our next bondage
adventure got us both horny again and we ended up in a '69' on the lounge
floor.  More sex followed before I finally went back home to plan
for Sophie's 'burglary'.

I worked out a scenario that would stick to Sophie's fantasy but provide
her with plenty of unexpected surprises as well as me with plenty of fun. 
Sophie knew I nearly always had to work late Mondays, so she would least
expect me to take her that night.  Although that gave me less time
to prepare, it would be more than made up for by the element of surprise. 
And did I have some surprises for Sophie!!

I finished work early Monday evening and checked I had everything packed
in my 'overnight' bag. On Sunday I had filled a hold-all with everything
I should need for Monday night. I set my alarm for 2.30am and went to bed. 
Despite a raging hard-on, I resisted the urge to wank and saved all my
'come' for Sophie.

I awoke with a start to the sound of my alarm.   Getting my
thoughts together, I got out of bed and dressed in my dark sweatshirt,
jeans and shoes.   With my bag of 'supplies' already packed I
drove over to Sophie's apartment, parked up nearby and let myself into
her apartment block just after 3am.

By the time I got to her apartment door, my pulse was racing and my
cock rigid.  She was in for a right good fucking. Using my door key,
I quietly opened the front door and let myself into her apartment and closed
the door behind me.  Getting ready, I pulled on my black balaclava
and got the handcuffs, ballgag, blindfold and 2' long 1" leather strap
out of the bag.  Ever so quietly, I opened her bedroom door, went
inside and placed my bag at the side of her bed.   Sophie was
laying on her right side, her left arm raised onto the pillow by her head.  
The duvet was off her shoulders revealing a large white tee-shirt style
night-shirt.   From experience, I guessed she be wearing her
white panties also. Sophie was breathing slowly and steadily, obviously
in a deep sleep.  That was soon to change !!

Moving quickly I pulled the duvet from her shoulders and climbed onto
the bed to straddle her hips, rolling her onto her stomach.  With
Sophie's right arm now visible by her side I quickly snapped the cuffs
around her left wrist.  Holding it there, I grabbed her right wrist,
brought it behind her back and handcuffed her wrists securely behind her.  
All this was done in well under 3 seconds, with Sophie only properly waking
by time she was handcuffed.  Sitting astride her back, I pulled the
ballgag between her teeth and buckled it secure, despite Sophie's vigorous
head shaking and grunting.  The blindfold followed suit, and with
that too buckled securely Sophie was now almost totally helpless. 
Turning my attention to her legs, I shifted down her back so I was astride
her thighs, and with Sophie kicking her feet in an attempt to get free,
I wrapped the belt snugly around her legs just below the knees and buckled
it tight.   While Sophie thrashed helplessly around the bed I
got down and retrieved more supplies from my bag.

Even though Sophie must have assumed it was me, there was no way she
could know for sure due to the blindfold.  All she did know for sure
was that she was tied, gagged and blindfolded and unable to prevent her
captor from doing anything to her he wished.

Firstly, I upgraded her gag, tying a cloth gag and pad over the top
of the ballgag just to keep the noise down even more.  With Sophie's
knees tied, it was now easier to restrain her feet.  Buckling a leather
cuff tightly around each ankle, I fixed ropes to each and tied the left
cuff to the bottom right corner of the bed.  I undid the belt around
her knees and spreading Sophie's legs wide apart I tied the right cuff
off to the bottom left corner, spread-eagling Sophie face down on her bed.  
To keep her flailing arms in check and protests to a minimum, I used another
strap to bind Sophie's elbows uncomfortably tightly behind her back.

As Sophie mmmphed in protest I tied a rope around the handcuff chain
and lifted her arms up vertically.  With Sophie unable to bend forwards
to ease the movement of her arms up behind her in a strappado, I helped
her ease her hips up and bend her legs so she was kneeling.  Buckling
a 2" leather collar around Sophie's slim neck, I tied the the rope I'd
already looped around the 'D' ring at the front, down to the foot of the
bed, preventing  Sophie from straightening up.

Now, Sophie was not just kneeling on the bed, she had her legs spread,
elbows tied and arms pulled up behind her, forcing her shoulders down into
the mattress, unable to straighten up, ballgagged and blindfolded.  
We both knew what was next !!.   Never one to disappoint, I knelt
behind her, in between her spread thighs and slid her panties to the side.
What followed was quick but very satisfying - at least for me !! 
I ploughed in and out of Sophie's pussy, hard and fast, holding onto her
hips until I shot my load of come into her.

I got me breath back, eased my cock from her pussy, wiped it clean on
her night-shirt and left Sophie helpless and frustrated on the bed while
I got myself a drink and prepared for the next onslaught. I spent the next
ten minutes drinking a scotch while watching Sophie struggle to get free
as well as wiggle her butt trying to stop my come running down her thighs. 
That was soon to be the least of her worries.

Chapter Two

A still double-gagged Sophie was mmmphing in protest at her treatment,
being fucked and just left alone, unsatisfied.  But with Sophie no
nearer freeing herself and my cock suitably re-charged it was time for
some more fun - for me !!

To get Sophie's attention, as well as to remind her just how helpless
she was, I climbed back on the bed and kneeling between her spread knees
pulled her panties to the side once more.  As Sophie tried to yell
in protest, a muffled yelp was all that could be heard as I thrust my cock
back into her pussy. No warning, no foreplay, no speech - just plain fucked. 
Slowly at first, then faster, then slowing down so as not to come too early
again.  Not for her sake mind you, I just wanted to make the sex last
longer !!

After another round of slow, fast then slow I decided to tear off her
night-shirt and panties - she looked good naked.  Actually she looked
superb naked, tied and gagged, so I wasn't going to waste the opportunity. 
Once she quit struggling after having her panties ripped off, I untied
the ropes at the top and bottom of the bed fixed to her collar and wrists,
letting Sophie lay face down on the bed, albeit still securely tied, blindfolded
and gagged.

Next, I untied the rope holding Sophie's right ankle out to the left
bedpost and bending her knee placed her right ankle just above her left
knee, then tied it there securely. Doing the same with her left ankle meant
her legs were tied craupadine style, fixed together parallel at the calves,
ankle to opposite knee leaving her thighs spread nicely apart. Just right
for 'accessibility'!

I lifted Sophie up onto her side, difficult because of her leg bondage,
and rolled her onto her back.  I then lifted her up into a sitting
position facing me.  "Now, when I take your gags off", I told her,
"you are going to give me the best blow-job ever, because if you don't,
those gags go back in and a very naked, helpless and vulnerable young lady
is going to find herself sitting the night out in the main stairwell outside. 
Understand ?'.

After some emphatic head nodding and grunted 'yes' from Sophie, I undid
the cloth gag, removed the saliva sodden pad then unbuckled the ballgag
from behind her neck.  As I popped the ballgag out from behind Sophie's
teeth, a river of drool fell onto her breasts.  Holding her head in
my hands I bent her forward and guided her mouth onto my rock-hard penis.

With Sophie's mouth now around my cock I let go of her head and took
hold of her nipples with each hand, working them around with my fingers
and thumbs.  "Now, let's see some decent cock sucking", I told Sophie,
"or I'll cut these little buds right off".   As Sophie tried
to shake her head, I let go of her right nipple and took hold of the hair
at the back of her head, then started fucking her mouth in a steady rhythm.

With me already well horny, and Sophie working my cock with her lips
and tongue, it was not long before I was rapidly approaching orgasm.  
Trying my best not to give Sophie any warning, I stopped my thrusting and
told her to do it properly herself.  Although that delayed my orgasm
a bit, it didn't by very much.  Just as I ejaculated I grabbed Sophie's
hair and held her mouth over my cock while it spurted my warm come into
her.  Without being able to see and with little or no warning from
me, Sophie gagged slightly on my come and as I let go of her head she lifted
off my cock coughing and trying to spit the spunk out of her mouth.

"What's the matter ?", I asked, "I thought you were used to swallowing
?" and laughed.  "You bastard, I nearly choked" replied an angry Sophie.  
The ballgag soon silenced her whinging and I left Sophie sitting cross-legged,
still tied and protesting on the bed while I collected some more rope and
straps.

Sitting on the bed behind her, I undid the strap around Sophie's elbows. 
"That feel better ?", I asked.  Sophie nodded in appreciation. 
I then removed her leather collar from around her neck, but replaced it
with 3' long chain which I fixed around her neck with an open padlock,
leaving one long free end.   I then took this length of chain
down Sophie's back, underneath the handcuff link-chain and pulled it back
up towards her neck, lifting her wrists up her back.   When they
were as high up her back as Sophie could comfortably (!) manage I wrapped
the main chain around the middle of the handcuffs a few times and used
the padlock at the back of Sophie's neck to secure her wrists out of harms
way.

Still blindfolded,  Sophie was unable to see me take the pillows
from the top of the bed and make a pile of them in the centre of the bed,
just behind where she was sitting.   Holding her shoulders, I
lowered Sophie backwards so that although she was laying on her cuffed
wrists they were safely imbedded in the mound of pillows.  With her
breasts now thrust up towards me and her pussy nicely on view it was time
for some more action.

"Just so you don't think I'm a complete bastard", I said as I lowered
my head to her pussy and flicked her swollen clit with my tongue. 
Sophie let out a series of moans as I teased her clit and labia with my
tongue and her erect nipples with my fingers.  It wasn't long before
the horny little bitch was thrusting her hips upwards, trying to hump my
face.  Being the gentleman I am, I kept working on Sophie's pussy
until she stiffened and shuddered her way through orgasm. I let her come
back down slightly before using the vibrator I'd fetched from my bag to
start her off again.  Holding it against her clit, it was only a minute
before Sophie climaxed once more, her legs really straining against the
bonds keeping her knees spread wide apart.

As Sophie's climax began to subside I picked her up her left knee and
hip and rolled her back onto her front.  Then substituting the vibrator
with my now revived, and throbbing, cock I fucked her one last time. 
This time Sophie came before me and was still in the throes of her orgasm
as I shot my load up her wet pussy.

Pulling my cock out, Sophie assumed I'd finished - wrong.  Picking
up the vibrator, I turned it on high and guided it back inside Sophie's
pussy.  Before she could squeeze it back out, I tore off a long strip
of Duct-Tape from the roll in my bag and wound it around the top of her
thigh, over the end of the vibrator poking out from her pussy and secured
it around her other thigh. With the tape preventing Sophie from expelling
the vibrator, I made doubly sure by using a few more strips of tape in
an 'X' from her stomach up to her butt cheeks. By now Sophie had started
to orgasm again, so I climbed off the bed, got dressed and watched the
show unfold.

Chapter Three

As Sophie's composure returned, I unfastened her blindfold.  "I'm
finished now," I told her, "so I'll just get my things packed.  You
just lay there and enjoy yourself".  A very flushed and sweaty Sophie
lay on the bed watching me as I packed all of my stuff, other than the
restraints she was wearing, back in my bag.
"Well as promised, I'm going now and leaving you here for Julie to
find later this morning", I said to Sophie. "You can keep the handcuffs
as a souvenir.  In fact there is one more present I was going to leave
you".  I picked my bag up and put it on the bed behind her crossed
legs, just out of sight.

As Sophie looked round at me and mmmphed quizzically, I said "I assumed
you'd want the keys too".  Sophie smiled.  "But the question
is," I continued, "where should I leave them so they're safe but easily
found?"  Sophie mmmphed "Ohhher hhhair" and looked towards her dressing
table.
"No", I replied, "I've a far better idea".  I showed Sophie the
two keys, one for the handcuffs and one for the padlock securing her collar
and harness.   They were not on a key-ring, but were both fixed
onto another small padlock.  I lay them on the bed in front of her
face and using another key unlocked the padlock key-ring.  .

Then, I reached behind Sophie and collected my 'gift' to her from the
bag.  As I placed it in front of her face Sophie looked up at me,
eyes wide and shook her head vigorously 'No'. What she could see directly
in front of her was a large, black rubber butt-plug shaped like a Christmas
tree.  I had specially chosen one that had a wide flange near the
base then a sort stalk before the base.  Once I had inserted it and
it had pushed the wide ridge past her sphincter, I wanted her to be unable
to expel it.   I was assured by the sales assistant that would
definitely be the case!

Holding it in front of Sophie's face I turned it over so she could see
the small ring fixed into the very base of the plug.  I then fastened
the padlock holding the keys to the base of the butt-plug and locked it
shut.  Leaving it in full view I fetched a tube of KY-jelly from my
bag and copiously lubricated the top half of the butt-plug.  
With Sophie still protesting vehemently, I took the plug and placed the
tip into her tight little butt-hole.

Despite Sophie's muffled indignation and body twistings I slowly eased
the plug into its new home.  It was almost as if Sophie's butt actually
sucked the plug in itself the way her sphincter finally closed around the
end of the plug.   All that remained visible was just the round
base, padlock and keys - just like an iceberg with no hint what was hidden
below the surface.

Just for amusement I blindfolded Sophie with a pair of her own tights,
(pantyhose).   I then sat back for a few minutes watching Sophie
struggle to reach the butt-plug with her hands, (very unlikely) ; shake
it out from between her cheeks, (even more unlikely) ; then resort to pleading
at me with blindfolded eyes and gag-talk to remove it for her, (no hope
whatsoever).

What made it all the more fun to watch, was that all her twisting and
struggling combined with the vibrator still buzzing away had driven Sophie
to yet another climax. I sat on the bed next to a flushed and flustered
Sophie.  With both the vibrator still vibrating and the butt-plug
still plugging, I stroked the hair from her forehead.  "I hope you
like my going-away present," I said to Sophie, " I'm just sorry I won't
be here to see your face when Julie tries to pull it out !! ".
Sophie gave me one of her withering looks and mmmphed 'HHHUCKK 
HEW'.  "I only ever promised you I'd never fuck you up there, which
is still true", I replied, "plus it would hardly be a 'rape' if I did everything
you expected, would it ?".

I got up from the bed and made sure all my things were packed away. 
I kissed Sophie goodbye on the cheek, then unbuckled the ballgag and quickly
left the bedroom.  As I got to the front door of Sophie's apartment
I heard her call out "Please, Colin, don't leave me like this... please".
I really had planned to leave Sophie like she was, and I was smiling to
myself as I imagined the scenario of Julie trying to work the tight, oversized
butt-plug out of a helpless and embarrassed Sophie.  In fact, Sophie
probably guessed I was leaving her for real when I took out her ballgag. 
Firstly, I'd never leave her gagged and totally unsupervised and secondly
I wanted my ballgag back !!

Fortunately for Sophie my conscience got the better of me and I decided
against letting her flatmate find her helpless and with both orifices stuffed.  
I closed the front door to the apartment but stayed inside.  Taking
my shoes off, I crept back to Sophie's bedroom to witness her futile attempts
to rid herself of the butt-plug.  I could still hear the vibrator
buzzing away incessantly, but Sophie was sufficiently distracted in her
efforts for it to become no more than an irritation.

Having decided to take pity on Sophie and not let her be humiliated
in front of her flatmate, I still intended to play with her a bit longer
yet.  I spent the next fifteen minutes watching Sophie's struggles,
the funniest being when she strained and grunted as she bore down, trying
to expel the butt-plug with only her muscles. Having enjoyed the show,
I decided to make it a bit more interactive !!  Quietly making my
way to Sophie's bedroom door I made just enough noise opening it to get
her immediate attention.   Sophie lifted her head up and despite
being blindfolded looked hopefully towards the door.  "Julie ?", she
asked, in a worried voice.   Taking a ballgag from my bag of
supplies, I walked over to the bed and picking up the keys at the base
at the butt-plug pulled them gently upwards, causing the plug to lift slightly,
but stop due to its shape keeping it held with Sophie's tight little hole.

Sophie moaned, "No..... Julie, please".  I pulled the keys and
padlock up a bit harder this time, Sophie's butt rising of the bed with
it.  Sophie groaned once more.
"I think it's stuck darling", I said.  Sophie's head snapped round
towards me, "You fucking bastard, I thought you were Julie", Sophie replied
angrily.  "Now get this fucking thing out of me now".
As ever, the best way to stifle one of Sophie's outbursts was with
a ballgag.  Pulling it behind her teeth I buckled it securely, despite
Sophie's best efforts to prevent me doing so.
"You relax for a bit lover", I said, "I'll fix myself a drink then
make you a bit more comfortable".   I removed Sophie's blindfold
and left her struggling and mmmphing on the bed I went to the the kitchen
for a snack and a drink.

Chapter Four

"Well, now to remove your two little visitors", I announced on my return. 
Sophie just glared at me above the ballgag - she had the most expressive
eyes, it was sometimes a shame to have them hidden by a  blindfolded.  
I started peeling the Duct-Tape from Sophie's butt cheeks and stomach. 
Within a minute or so I'd removed both tape and the vibrator, which was
still buzzing away merrily.  "I assume you still want the butt-plug
removed before Julie finds you ?", I asked Sophie  rhetorically.
A nod and a grunted yes was the reply, combined with one of Sophie's
‘of course I do’ looks.

I used my key to open the padlock at the base of the butt-plug and removed
both the handcuff and other padlock keys.  I used the liberated padlock
key to undo the padlock at Sophie's neck and remove the chain forming the
collar and shoulder harness.   I then quickly fixed the end of
the chain to the base of the butt-plug with the  padlock, leaving
the end of the train trailing.

With her wrists no longer held high up her back by the harness, Sophie
was glad to stretch her arms down behind her, albeit still handcuffed.  
While Sophie stretched her arms, I untied the ropes holding her ankles
parallel and knees spread wide and let her stretch her legs also. I said
to a still handcuffed, ballgagged but otherwise free Sophie, "I'll be waiting
for you in the lounge.  Come and find me when you've taken your butt-plug
out, and if you're quick, I might just take off your ballgag too".  
Sophie glared at me above the ballgag, her hands reaching down behind her
to touch the base of the butt-plug, the padlock and the trailing chain.

As I got to the bedroom door I turned back towards Sophie and said "I
suggest you try to relax your muscles while you ease it back out, and take
it slowly".   I then left Sophie to her own devices, to remove
the large plug from her virgin rear hole herself, and in private. I took
myself and my drink into the lounge and turned the television on low, conscious
of Julie still asleep in her room, and watched a late movie while waiting
for Sophie to join me.

After waiting about ten minutes the lounge door opened and a naked,
handcuffed, ballgagged and flushed Sophie made her entrance.  
"Successful then ?", I queried.   Sophie looked at me and nodded,
sheepishly.  "Not still mad at me I hope", I asked Sophie.  
She shook her head and smiled.
"Good", I replied, "then come over here and you'll get your reward".  
Sophie made her way over to me and sat on my lap.  I wrapped my arms
around her and kissed her cheek, then I unbuckled the ballgag and we kissed
passionately. 
"I think we need to go back to your bedroom and finish this in private",
I laughed. 
Sophie, smiled, "Only if you promise to keep me tied".

"I'm sure I could manage that", I said as I picked Sophie up and carried
her back to her bed.   I deposited Sophie in the middle of the
bed, sitting, facing the foot-board.   Sophie spread her legs
in a V and said "spread-eagle me and fuck me hard, lover boy.  And
make it a good one, it's probably your last, remember!" I got some more
tights from her dresser and keeping her legs spread wide I tied each ankle
tightly to the bottom corners of the bed.   With Sophie still
sitting, I unlocked her handcuffs, lay her back on the bed and using more
tights tied her arms to the bedposts.

Having made sure Sophie was securely spread-eagled, I put two pillows
under her hips then climbed between her spread thighs and slid my cock
slowly into her.   After a few strokes, I pulled out and getting
another pair of tights, blindfolded Sophie once more.  I then went
down on her, licking, nibbling and sucking her pussy until she climaxed.  
I slid up her body so that I was sucking her nipples and my fingers were
fucking her relentlessly.  In minutes Sophie was coming again.  
As this one subsided, I pushed my cock back inside her and gave her fucking
she desired.

I lasted as long as I could, but it wasn't too long before my balls
tightened and I shot my come deep inside Sophie's pussy.   After
getting my breath back , I slid off Sophie's naked, still spread-eagled
body and started getting dressed.
"I mean what I said - about leaving me tied", said Sophie, " I wanted
this last time to be special and to last as long as possible".
I finished dressing, then sat next to Sophie on the bed.  "I will
miss you", I told her.  "And you me", she replied, smiling.
I took out the roll of Duct-Tape from the bag, and after checking that
the knots in the tights holding her spread-eagled were secure, I wrapped
a few turns of tape each of them for good measure.  Then, using one
last pair I blindfolded Sophie, using two pairs of her knickers as eye
padding underneath.

"Well, you know where I'll be, if you want to contact me", I said as
I kissed her one last time.
I left Sophie naked, tied and blindfolded, spread-eagled on her own
bed awaiting her flatmate to release her later that morning.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

It was some six months later that out of the blue I picked up my phone
to find it was Sophie calling.   With classic timing, I was with
my new girlfriend, Joanne, at the time, but pretending it was a work colleague,
told her to call me back tomorrow.   When I did speak to her
the next day, she told me she was now married to her fiancé but
he was away on business for the week and would like to see me again.  
After a long and friendly chat I explained that as much as I would love
to see her again, we were both involved in other relationships and that
I ring her back if my one went nowhere.   She was disappointed,
but agreed it wouldn't work as an on and off arrangement.  Unfortunately,
that was the last I heard from Sophie, but I have plenty of stories to
tell you about my adventures with Joanne!
