---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Weekend of Surprises
authors:
- R Sly
tags:
- F/m
- latex
- cons
- X
date: 2006-03-17 00:00:00
---

This story sent to me by Rubbersheep,
thank you for sending it in.
If you are the author of this story,
please let me know

**Part 1**

Hi my name is Robert and this was the
first time that I had lived away from home, having been moved by my firm to an
office in the City. After a
seemingly never-ending search, I found a flat to rent – more expensive that
I had had in mind, but much better than a bed-sit.
It was in fact an ordinary semi-detached house divided into two flats,
one on the ground floor and the other upstairs, which was mine.
A small garage was there for my car, and although somewhat uncared for
a very private walled garden at the back.
As part of the deal to get the flat, I agreed with the landlord to at
least keep the grass cut.

One great advantage for me of being
away from home was that I could wear my rubber clothing in privacy whenever I
wanted. I had amassed quite a
collection, mainly through mail order, which until recently had to be
completely kept hidden away, and only worn on the odd occasion.
However, this pleasure was overtaken before long by a feeling of
loneliness, as I hardly knew anyone in the area.
I knew that two girls lived in the downstairs flat, but although I
heard them from time to time, I never seemed to meet them.
The prospect of the summer bank holiday weekend with not very much to
do was rather disheartening.

The Saturday morning was bright and
sunny, and after visiting the local shops, I decided to tackle the back garden
to see what I could make of it. Much
to my surprise the lawnmower in the garage was in quite good order, and before
long I had made a reasonable impression on the grass.
Just then, the side gate opened, and a young lady appeared carrying a
laden washing basket.

“O K if I put this washing on the
line?” she said. “Certainly”,
I replied, “No problem”.

“I’m Janet by the way – Wendy
and I rent the bottom flat”.

“I’m Robert nice to meet you at
last.”

Janet offered a handshake, which I
quickly responded to, quietly pleased that she had left her rubber gloves on
– semi-transparent ones, although with quite long cuffs.
What was even more fascinating was what she was wearing – a tee shirt
and white cycle shorts together with a blue rubber apron, exactly the same as
the one hanging behind my kitchen door.

Janet pegged the washing on the line
as I finished off cutting the grass.

“Could you hold this sheet on the
line while I put the pegs on?” said Janet.

Out of the bottom of the basket came a
large red rubber sheet of the old-fashioned hospital type.
Needless to say I was very quick to assist.

I was invited to meet Wendy and to
have coffee. Whilst Janet peeled
off the rubber gloves, she left the rubber apron on, and I was mesmerised by
it.

Janet and Wendy must have been in
their mid-twenties, and were nurses at the local hospital.
Both of them were quite well built as well as being tall, and they were
really most pleasant, making me feel very much at home.
Both of them were on duty that afternoon, and I didn’t take any
persuasion to agree to take the washing in for them later in the day.
They were not working on the following day, and before I knew it we had
arranged a trip to the coast with an early start.
How much I enjoyed taking in the row of washing, which included a
variety of bras and knickers, and carefully folding the thick rubber sheet at
the end. I carried the basket of
washing upstairs to give the girls the following day.

I had set my alarm for early on the
Sunday, but was awake before it went off.
It was hot and sunny again, although the weather forecast from the
previous day had not been too promising. I
wondered what I could wear? Could
I get away with my blue nylon shorts that were lined with black rubber?
They looked perfectly ordinary, but tended to be “Noisy” to wear
with the crinkly rubber lining. At
least I could wear them while I had breakfast, so I put them on.
Straight away there was a tap on the door.
It was Janet, after the load of washing.

“Oh, I see you’ve got your shorts
on today – good idea, be sure to bring your trunks” said Janet.

In return for the transport, in the
form of my car, the girls had offered to provide the picnic.
In another bag they had packed their swimsuits and towels and some
spare clothes.

With our early start the journey was
easy, and we arrived at the selected beach by mid morning.
By now, however, high cloud had dimmed the brightness of the sun, and
darker clouds were to be seen on the horizon.

“We’d better make the most of it
while we can”, said Wendy, as we unloaded the bags from the car and climbed
down the steps to the beach. Whilst
I had offered the rug from the car to sit on, the girls said their groundsheet
would be better as the sand was quite damp from the outgoing tide, which also
meant that it was unsafe to swim. Much
to my pleasure the groundsheet turned out to be the thick red rubber sheet
that had been on the line yesterday.

Janet was the first to put her
swimsuit on. Two towels sewn
together provided an instant changing room.
Wendy held the towels up, whilst I was delegated to pass the clothes.
It gave me a very funny feeling as Janet passed me her cycle shorts and
then her panties from under the towel and I returned her swimsuit.
The swimsuit when revealed was most attractive – one that I had
noticed in a chain store a couple of years ago.
It was mainly blue Lycra, with high cut legs, but with inserts of black
rubber fabric on the front and sides.

Janet then held the towel up for
Wendy. The funny feelings started
again as Wendy passed me her shorts, and then to my great surprise a pair of
black latex briefs. Her swimsuit
was made from rubber wetsuit material – black with green stripes down the
sides, and she seemed to have quite a struggle to get into it.

“Right, your turn”, said Janet, as
she lowered the towels for me to step in to.
As I stood on the rubber sheet, Janet pulled up the towels around me.
Having worn them all morning I had almost forgotten that I had my
mackintosh-lined shorts on, and there was no escape from taking them off and
passing them to Wendy.

“I’ve not seen shorts like that
before”, she said, “That lining feels like rubber – are you a rubber fan
as well?”

Well, in for a penny in for a pound I
thought to myself, and I admitted that rubber was to my liking.
To my great relief this seemed no great deal to either of the girls,
and Wendy was quick to tell me that her previous boyfriend was a rubber
devotee, and had introduced both the girls to the subject.

“Actually, we’ve come to like it
ourselves”, said Wendy. “You
can’t have failed to notice that I was wearing rubber briefs this
morning”.

Needless to say, by the time we had
got our sandwiches out, it was pouring with rain, and a quick dash back to the
car ensued. It showed no signs of
improving, and so, along with everybody else we made a move for home.
The journey took twice as long, and it was getting on for teatime by
the time we got back to the flats.

I must have looked weary after the
long drive, and Wendy was quick to suggest that I took a bath in their flat,
whilst the girls sorted out a meal. I
thought this a strange suggestion, but nevertheless a welcome one, and was
soon stepping into a warm tub. No
sooner had I got in, then the door opened, and Wendy came in, having taken off
the tee shirt that she had previously put on over her swimsuit and replaced it
with the blue rubber apron.

“I’ve brought your shorts and
pants”, she said, “And whilst I’m here I might as well give you a scrub.
I expect you would like me wear rubber gloves as well – well I was
going to anyway because we always do in the hospital”.

Wendy pulled on the smooth
semi-transparent rubber gloves that she had brought with her, and I was very
professionally washed from head to toe. It
was done very quickly, and before I knew it I was getting dried.
Wendy asked if I could do her a favour by asking Janet up to my flat
that evening, as Wendy’s new boyfriend would be coming round.
I agreed to this without hesitation, needless to say.

“I do like those shorts of yours”,
said Wendy, “Would you let me try them on for a minute?”
She took the rubber apron off and pulled the shorts on over her
swimsuit. They were quite a good
fit and crinkled magnificently. “I
bet you wear these without underpants most of the time”, she said, as she
took them off and passed them back to me.

**Part 2**

After tea with the two girls I
volunteered to wash up, and on going into the kitchen I was handed a blue
rubber apron, and told to wear the yellow rubber gloves, which were by the
sink. That certainly made a
pleasure out of a chore! Wendy was
getting concerned that her boyfriend would be arriving shortly, and as soon as
the dishes were done I went upstairs to my flat, and Janet said that she would
be up in a few minutes.

There was soon a tap on the door, and
I let Janet in. “I’ve brought
some things that you might like,” she said, “And if it’s alright I would
like to rinse our swimsuits and hang them up somewhere”.
She handed to me two large red rubber sheets of the old “Hospital”
type, and a number of pairs of thin rubber gloves.
“They were clearing out an old store room at the hospital where we
work”, she said, “And came across these old rubber sheets which look as
though they had never been used – so I thought they might come in handy one
day and picked them up, because they were only going to be thrown away”.
I couldn’t believe my luck!

“Do you want me to do your trunks as
well?” asked Janet as she unravelled the girls’ costumes from the towels.
“Yes please” I replied, and gaining courage in the situation “Do
you want an apron or anything?” I
am not used to such an offer being readily taken up, but before I knew it
Janet had my blue rubber apron on, and rubber gloves and was washing the
swimwear. The job was soon done,
and the costumes hung on the old maiden that was in the bathroom.

“So how long have you liked
rubber?” said Janet. Hesitatingly
I explained that I had really liked it since I was thirteen or fourteen,
although I can remember one or two events before that, when I came into
contact with the treasured material. “And
have you got a big collection of it?” she enquired.
“The boy that I used to go out with had quite a lot of things, and
seemed to like shiny raincoats, although he was always too shy to ask me to
wear them. I couldn’t understand
that”.

Well, what an opening!
In acute embarrassment I stumbled through my life history as far as
rubber was concerned. I just
couldn’t seem to stop it all coming out.
And yes, I did have a large collection of items gathered over many
years, and always hidden out of the way. By
the end my heart was beating fast, and I was visibly shaking.
Janet took hold of my hand and said that I shouldn’t get so upset
about it, and there was absolutely nothing to be ashamed of.
“And what about girlfriends?” she enquired.
The simple fact of the matter was that I hadn’t really had any, and
certainly had never confided in anybody about my strange desires.

“Right then”, she said, “Why
don’t you put something on for me to see? And for that matter why don’t I
try something on as well?”

My heart still beating frantically, I
went to my bedroom, and after some hesitation pulled on my black latex top and
tight fitting trousers. “Well,
what’s wrong with that?” said Janet, as I stood before her in my shiny
black rubber. “I hope you’ve put some rubber undies on as well”.
Actually I hadn’t. “Have you
got some rubber undies that I could try on?” she said.

I fetched a white latex vest and some
loose fitting grey knickers, and suggested that Janet change in the bathroom,
which she did. The door opened and
there stood Janet wearing the rubber items that I had just given to her.
“There”, she said, “Nothing to be afraid of is there?
I tell you what, is it all right if I have a bath? And I tell you what
I would like you to do, and that is to put your apron on and some rubber
gloves and come and scrub my back in a few minutes time”.

I waited for a while after I had heard
Janet get in to the bath, and then plucked up courage and did as I had been
asked. By this time I was shaking
like a leaf – I don’t know if it was fear or excitement.
I did just as I had been asked and no more, and then made to leave, but
was firmly told not to be silly, and to stay just where I was whilst Janet lay
in the soapy water. “I always
enjoy a good soak, don’t you?” said Janet, “But I think I’ve been in
long enough – would you mind pulling out the plug for me, because then
I’ll have to get out”. I did
as I was told, but Janet still lay there whilst the water level steadily fell,
and it was only when all the water had gone that she stood up and asked me to
pass a towel.

“I hope you don’t mind”, she
said, as she dried herself, “But I really need to stay the night if that’s
all right because I probably won’t be welcome downstairs.
The settee will be fine”. How
could I object in my mesmerized state? “Is
it all right if I borrow your vest and knickers again?”
I went to find the spare pillows and a blanket for my unexpected guest
having taken off my rubber apron and gloves.
I put the pillows and blanket on the living room settee as Janet
emerged from the bathroom, once again wearing the vest and knickers.
“These do feel rather nice”, she said. “Rubber does have a very
soothing effect doesn’t it? Are
you going to wear something similar? Or perhaps you would like to have one of
those rubber sheets on your bed tonight? I
know, while you make us a drink, I’ll make your bed for you”.

Whilst the kettle boiled there were
some interesting swishing sounds coming from my room.
“I’ve put your pyjamas in the dirty clothes basket”, said Janet
as she returned to the kitchen. “You’ll
be better without them tonight, although you will need a bath in the
morning”. Having said goodnight,
I soon found out what she had meant, for Janet had completely remade my bed
using both of the thick red rubber sheets.
I hesitated momentarily and then took the plunge, sliding in between
the ice-cold layers of rubber. I
never expected to be able to sleep in such circumstances, but I was so tired
following the day’s events that I must have dropped off before I knew it.

**Part 3**

It was Bank Holiday Monday, and I
awoke with a start. Had everything
that happened yesterday been a dream? Apparently
not, for I lay naked between two thick rubber sheets, and just at that moment
Janet came in with a mug of coffee. She
was still wearing my white latex rubber vest, and grey loose fitting rubber
knickers.

“I think we both need to have a
bath” she said, “The rubber certainly makes you sweat.
But strangely I really feel fit this morning.
Perhaps you would like to share a bath with me when you have drunk your
coffee. But you had better put
some pants on – some rubber ones might be good”.

Janet headed off towards the bathroom
and I could hear the bath water being run. Who could resist such an
invitation? I certainly
couldn’t. I stepped out of bed and fumbled in the drawer for a pair of black
latex briefs, and having uncovered them at the bottom of my collection of
pants pulled them on hastily.

Janet was undressed and in the bath
already. She told me to get in at
the other end with my legs to one side and hers on the other.
“Please will you soap me all over, just with your hands,” she said.
This was something I had never even dreamt of doing before, and so with
my heart beating very fast I soaped my hands and then started on her feet and
legs, followed by her arms. Sensing
my hesitation she took hold of me by the wrists and pressed my soapy hands to
her breasts. “It’s alright”
she said, “You can touch me anywhere. It
is as nice for me as it is for you.” Still
hesitantly, but perhaps gaining a little confidence I continued with her
shoulders and tummy. Janet then
stood up and turned and told me to do her back and her bottom.
She turned again, and knelt in front of me with her legs apart.
Her hands guided mine between her legs and up to her vaginal opening.
“Just massage me there please”, she said.
I must have gone white as a sheet.
“Don’t panic,” she said, “It feels very nice”.

She
sat back in the bath, and between us we rinsed off all the soap.
“Right”, she said, “I’m getting out now, but you stay where you
are while I get dried”. She stepped out of the bath, reached for the towel
and dried herself leisurely in front of me.
“Where can I find some rubber gloves”, she said.
“There are some in the kitchen by the sink, or some new ones in the
bottom drawer of the chest in the bedroom” I replied.

Janet soon returned pulling on a pair
of new pink rubber gloves, but otherwise still completely naked. “I’m
going to wash you now” she said, “I thought you might enjoy it more with
these on. You better stand up and
take your pants off now”.

I did as I was told, and as I pulled
down the latex pants, I felt quite embarrassed by the firmness of my penis.
Sensing this, Janet told me not to worry about it at all, and it had
the advantage of making it easier to wash.
Then without any hesitation, and whilst I was still standing, Janet
soaped the rubber gloves, and firmly taking hold of my penis in one hand,
soaped my bottom with the other running her fingers right up the cleft.
After gently rubbing my penis, she then soaped my legs and told me to
sit back in the water. Then
followed very thorough washing of the rest of my body from face to toes.

“Lie down now to rinse off” she
said. I was sitting with my back
to the taps, and as I eased myself forward and lay back in the water from
behind me came the sound of the plug being pulled out.
“Plug’s out now”, said Janet, “You just relax while the water
runs away”. Once again Janet
took hold of my erection with her rubber gloved hand, and gently fondled it
until all the bath water had gone, by which time a drop of clear liquid had
appeared at the tip of my penis. “I
think you had better get out now, and get dried before you get cold”, she
said.

Janet asked if it would be all right
to try some of my other rubber clothes, a suggestion to which I readily
agreed. As I dried myself, Janet
disappeared back into the bedroom, and I could hear the opening of the drawers
of the chest where I kept my rubber clothing.
She soon returned with my blue latex vest and cycle shorts, as well as
my one-piece white rubber suit.

“Can I see you in this vest and
shorts please” she said, “and I wondered if you would like to try a pair
of my panties on underneath?” I
readily agreed, and before I knew it was pulling on a pair of pale blue bikini
briefs. “I hate to say this”, I said, “But I really need to do a wee”.
“O let me help you”, said Janet, “That’s something I always
wanted to try”

I stood in front of the toilet and
Janet stood close behind me, still naked except for the rubber gloves. She
reached round me and pulled the little panties down to my thighs, and then
gently took hold of my penis with her right hand and held it generally in the
right direction. I just about
managed to start, but my erection was becoming steadily harder, and the stream
soon dried up.

“You certainly like the feel of
rubber gloves on your willy”, said Janet. “Mind you, they quite turn me on
as well some times”. As I turned, Janet reached down and inserted a
rubber-gloved finger into her vagina, and then pulled it out. “Just look how
moist I am” she said, holding up the wet finger. “However, it doesn’t
stop me going like it does you”. With
that she turned and sat on the toilet and produced a golden stream before my
eyes. She wiped herself and pulled
the chain as she got up.

After pulling up the panties I
powdered the inside of my latex cycle shorts and vest and put them on,
stretching the blue latex rubber of the shorts as high as they would go.
I opened out the white rubber suit for Janet, powdered the inside, and
helped her step in to it.

“Is it alright to wear it with
nothing underneath” she said as I zipped up the front. “Of course it
is,” I replied. “It probably feels nicest that way”.
I found the belt and tied it quite tightly round her waist. The suit
fitted her very well, the thin white latex rustling gently as we made our way
to the kitchenette for something to eat by way of breakfast.
Janet had quite a struggle getting the rubber gloves off, as she has
pulled on the suit with them on and the wristbands were quite tight.

There was a small amount of washing up
to be done, and Janet suggested that not only should I put the rubber gloves
on, but the mackintosh apron as well. As
I stood at the sink Janet came behind me and ran her hands over the shiny blue
latex of my cycle shorts, and down to my crotch.
“Are you all soft down there now”, she said. “I think I should
have let you come when you were in the bath. If you like I will make you come
before I go to work”. At this remark my heart started beating hard, and I
must have looked rather worried. “What’s
the matter?” said Janet, “Have you not been masturbated by a girl
before?” “No” I hesitantly replied. “Well it’s certainly nothing to
be afraid of” she said, “In fact it should be rather nice for you, so we
will definitely have to give it a try”.

The washing up done, I suggested that
it would be a good idea to wash the rubber clothes that we had worn, which I
was quick to volunteer for as I still had the rubber gloves and apron on.
Janet also suggested that we should wipe the rubber sheets that were on my bed
as they probably were rather sweaty. Just as we were finishing this there was
a knock on the door. Janet didn’t think twice about opening it,
notwithstanding that she was wearing the white rubber suit.
It was Wendy, who was of course invited in.

“Hey that looks exciting,” said
Wendy, looking at the latex suit. She ran her hand over the thin white rubber
covering Janet’s shoulder and down her arm. “Is it just plain rubber?”
“It certainly is”, said Janet “ and I’ve got nothing on underneath –
it feels lovely”.

Wendy then noticed me. “And you
too” she said,” What have you got on?”
For some reason I took the rubber apron off, and peeled the gloves off
revealing the shiny blue rubber cycle shorts and vest. Wendy ran her hands
down my sides. “It’s so smooth,” she said.

Wendy had really come to see if Janet
was getting ready for work, as the girls had to be on duty at twelve o’clock. “Yes, I
hadn’t forgotten” said Janet, “But before we go I just wanted to give
Robert some hand attention, as he tells me that he hasn’t had it from a girl
before – perhaps you would like to assist?”

I suddenly felt very nervous. “Come
on”, said Janet, “Perhaps it would be most comfortable if you just got on
the bed. But pull your shorts down first.” I did as I was told, and standing
by the side of the bed rolled the latex cycle shorts down and stepped out of
them. “And the panties as well”, said Janet. She slid her hands down the
sides of the little panties and pulled them down for me to step out of them.
“They’re a bit damp”, said Janet, “Now on to the bed and lie down”.
I once again did as I was told. The rubber sheet was really cold, having
recently been wiped with a damp cloth.

My heart was beating faster and
faster, and despite the erotic situation I had no erection at all.
“There’s some rubber gloves here,” said Janet.
I found myself staring at the ceiling, as there was the sound of two
pairs of rubber gloves being pulled on. Two
pairs of hands with smooth rubber gloves were caressing my genitals very
gently on.

The situation was really too much for
me, and despite some very pleasant feelings, my Willy failed to become erect.
“It’s surprising how many men like the feel of rubber gloves”, said
Wendy. “Do you remember that bloke we had on the ward last week for a minor
operation. Sister told me to go and check on him because he was supposed to be
shaving his pubic hair off in the bath. Of course when I went in he asked me
to do it for him. Anyway, I pulled some gloves on, and of course the water in
the bath was too deep so I had to pull the plug out for a bit to let some
water out. By this time he really had a hard on.
I put the plug back in, although I couldn’t have got it in properly
as the water still seemed to be going down. I smoothed shaving foam on the
hair, and I couldn’t resist touching his erection. Anyway, after I had
shaved him, I gave his penis a couple of strokes and he just came into the
bath. I pulled the plug out again
straight away, and managed to wash his cum away just as the last of the water
was gurgling down the plughole. He
certainly seemed to enjoy it".

This little story, whether it was true
or not I don’t know did the trick for me, as my erection was suddenly very
solid. Wendy said that she would
leave Janet to it, and went out of the room.
Janet must have got some cream from somewhere, which she applied to my
penis, and before I knew it I was ejaculating into the palm of Janet’s
rubber gloved hand. What a relief it was, and somehow or other I didn’t feel
guilty at all, like I normally did. Janet
cleaned me up with a paper hanky.

I offered to give the two girls a lift
to the hospital, so that they wouldn’t be late.
Janet asked if she could borrow a pair of rubber panties, just to try
and see how she got on with them at work.
I told her to take whichever pair she liked, and she chose a pair of
pale pink elasticated briefs. Still
dressed in the rubber suit she went downstairs to the girl’s flat, taking
the rubber panties with her. Hastily
I got dressed. Somehow or other I
couldn’t resist pulling on Janet’s panties once more, even though they
were still a bit damp.

I went down and got the car out of the
garage. Janet and Wendy soon
appeared at the door, now dressed in their nurses’ uniforms.
All too soon we were at the hospital.
I got a big kiss on the lips from Janet, who whispered that she would
give me another treat that evening. I
could hardly wait!
