---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/the_good_neighbor10.html
title: The Good Neighbor
authors:
- Findar
tags:
- M-f
- F-f
- bond
- scarves
- oral
- rom
- cons
- X
date: 2026-06-27 00:00:00
---

### Part 10: Girl Talk

Alice woke up with a start. It took her a moment to orient to the fact that she was in Dan’s bed. Then the whole evening crashed back in on her. She looked to her left. Dan was there, snoring quietly. ‘He snores, I never noticed that before,’ she thought.

Slipping out of the bed in the gray dawn Alice grabbed her shoes and padded to the bedroom door. She slipped out into the living room, eying the open blinds with trepidation. ‘Oh well, if they didn’t catch the show last night they can get the early matinee,’ she told herself as she moved across the room.

Around the platform clothes and toys were scattered. Alice scrambled to retrieve her clothes. Pulling on her skirt she stopped and stared at her waist. “What the fuck?” she muttered. There at her waist was a length of chain. She recognized the links as coming from her bondage bag. The links were always useful for suspending a frozen key, thin but sturdy. But now it encircled her waist, held snugly against her skin by a small padlock. About eight inches of the links hung down from the lock like a tail.

What was it that Dan had said about her wearing his belt? He’d find something more permanent? This was on as permanently as the nearest set of bolt cutters, but it definitely sent a message. This was a mark of ownership.

Not bothering with her bra, Alice slipped on her blouse. She eyed Dan’s contraption as she buttoned up. There was a certain “evil genius” vibe to the bondage device that gave her chills. Bondage had always been about the struggle, the excitement of being bound while the chance for escape was there.

This thing turned that concept on its head. It was, in her opinion, inescapable. And yet she’d had complete freedom to move her hands and feet. But the bolts that held her would never yield to her questing fingers. No matter what she did her mouth and pussy would have remained filled with the dreaded toys. In it she was totally at Dan’s mercy.

For all of that she had made no attempt to end the evening. She could have easily signaled to Dan that she needed to stop. But she didn’t, and that frightened her most of all. Suppressing a shudder Alice slipped out the front door.

Alice needed time to think. And she didn’t want her mind clouded with morning sex with Dan. Instead, she retreated to her shower. Under the steaming hot water, she contemplated her evening. “Well, I definitely didn’t get my panties back,” she grumbled.

Her next unpleasant surprise came when she was lathering up. Alice winced as she rubbed the body wash over her breasts. Looking down she saw a reddish, purple line at the base of each breast. The skin there was red and tender. “Ouch,” she exclaimed as she ran her fingers over the damaged skin. That was a souvenir she hadn’t anticipated.

After toweling off Alice chose her outfit for the day. She was glad that she’d taken the time to go shopping with Gina. She picked out one of her new skirts and a matching satin blouse. The skirt would hide the lack of panties and the waist chain.

But things started to fall apart when Alice put on her bra. She gasped as the bra cupped her abused tits. The underside of the cups pressed against the reddened skin, making her grimace. “Oh fuck,” she moaned. “Now what?”

It was tempting to call in sick. But Alice wanted to get out of the apartment before Dan woke up and noticed her absence. She needed to talk to him about the previous evening, but now was not the time. “Okay slut, no bra it is,” she muttered in annoyance.

The blouse proved to be problematic. Alice’s nipples stood out against the shiny satin. She looked at herself in the dresser mirror. ‘Well, that’s a trip to HR,’ she said to herself. She chose a plain cotton blouse, which was better but still let the world know that she was braless. Searching in the back of her closet she found a cardigan sweater. It was too warm for sweaters, but it provided the camouflage Alice needed. Gazing at her outfit she muttered, “I look like the school librarian.”

On her way to work, late as usual, Alice debated what to do. Part of her found Dan’s assertiveness enticing. But part of her felt demeaned. She feared that their relationship would follow her previous one into a spiral of abuse. She didn’t know what to do.

Perhaps she would talk to Gina. She was there for the whole Richie debacle. She could probably give Alice some much needed objectivity. She thought back to the previous evening. When the two friends parted at the mall Gina had kissed her on the cheek. Alice was surprised by the move at the time, but her mind had been so full that she’d just forgotten about it. What did it mean? Was Gina just that concerned about her? Another puzzle to solve in her pulp mystery of a life.

Alice’s co-workers still did a double take when she walked in wearing a skirt. But at least the reaction was more muted than it had been the day before. It probably helped that she’d opted for the sweater. She could just imagine the gossip if they knew she was braless.

One problem that was persistently annoying was the chain Dan had locked about her waist. It wasn’t so much the chain-it was the little tail he’d left dangling from the lock. When she walked it swished about beneath her skirt, randomly touching her thighs. But when she sat it slipped down between her legs, lightly brushing up against her sex.

Alice somewhat solved the problem by standing up, clamping her thighs together and then sitting. Then the chain simply pooled at the apex of her thighs. But she had to keep her thighs pressed firmly together or the chain would slip down.

Adding to the stress of the day were the repeated text messages from Dan. They started out with him voicing his disappointment at her early departure. But when she’d failed to respond they took on a more concerned tone. Part of her wanted to respond, to tell him that she needed time to think. But in the end, she opted for, “Busy day at work, TTYL.” Even as she sent it Alice felt like a coward.

By noon Alice had lost count of the number of times the chain had slipped down between her thighs. In frustration she headed to the ladies room. She would try sliding the waist-chain off to one side. The tail would still dangle, but at least it would find a less provocative spot.

Coming out of the bathroom Alice was confronted by Gina. “Taking up teaching Sunday school,” she said as she gestured to the cardigan. “Or auditioning for a part in the Handmaid’s Tale?”

Alice hauled her friend into the little washroom and locked the door. By way of explanation Alice pulled open her sweater like a flasher, pushing out her chest in the process. Gina’s eyes went wide.

“No bra now?” she asked incredulously. “What’s this guy got against underwear, for Christ’ sakes!”

Alice closed her sweater, rolling her eyes. “No, this wasn’t him. Well, okay it was, but he didn’t tell me not to wear a bra. It’s just that my boobs are sore.”

Gina’s face was a thundercloud, “What did he do? I swear if he’s one of those needle-freaks I’ll cut off his balls!” she hissed.

“No-no it wasn’t like that,” Alice said defensively. Things just got a little intense.” She was interrupted by a knock on the door. “Look, can we talk about this after work?”

“Sure,” Gina said as she reached for the door. “But you’d better give me the whole story this time.”

Dan had been surprised and disappointed when he woke up alone. He had some ‘morning wood’ that needed chopping and the woodsman seemed to have left the forest. He was a bit concerned at Alice’s abrupt departure, but wrote it off to her being considerate and not waking him.

It was only when he’d knocked on her apartment door on his way to work that the specter of doubt assailed him. He normally left well before Alice did, and yet there was no answer. It was only after several unanswered text messages and Alice’s ‘TTYL’ response that he realized he was in trouble.

Self-doubt spreads like a case of poison ivy. And Dan had plenty of reasons to scratch. He’d been blown off enough times to recognize the dreaded ‘TTYL’. Had he pushed Alice too far? Or was it that he wasn’t assertive enough? Perhaps she wanted something stricter in her bondage, and leaving her hands free was a turn off? He realized that he didn’t have a clue as to what Alice really wanted or needed.

By the end of the day Dan was totally miserable. He looked at his phone no less than a dozen times. No messages came in. He wrote four different texts, each one alternately demanding, pleading or sorrowful and apologetic. He deleted each one without sending. He knew he needed to talk to Alice, but had no clue what he should say.

His inner voice tried to reason with him. He had never wanted to be involved with her brand of crazy anyhow. He wasn’t into the kinky stuff, so this was a good time to make a clean break. Except now that he’d gotten a taste of it, could he really put the toothpaste back in the tube? And did he want to?

Being an enlightened, intelligent male Dan arrived at the only logical conclusion. He would go home, marinate his questions in alcohol and wait for an answer from poisoned brain cells.

Alice and Gina met in the parking lot after work. After debating on where to go for dinner, drinks and quiet conversation they settled on take-out Chinese and canned margaritas at Gina’s place. Alice followed Gina in her own car as they drove out to Gina’s subdivision.

Over boxes of noodles and rice Alice decided to bare her soul. Gina listened in shock as Alice explained her fetish, how it had led to her abusive relationship with her old boyfriend and her explorations in self-bondage.

“So those times you asked me to call you and if you didn’t answer come over and make sure you hadn’t overslept,” Gina asked?

Alice gave her a sheepish look, “Yeah, you were my backup system in case I couldn’t get free.”

“Until you met this guy next door?”

Alice related the story of how Dan had rescued from a self-bondage session gone bad, and how they had come to an agreement on him monitoring her sessions.

“But now he’s freaking you out,” Gina finished for her.

“Well-yeah,” Alice admitted. “He’s always been super quiet and polite to me. But now he’s more-I don’t know, controlling? I’m not tied up, but I’m still doing everything he says. He didn’t want me wearing panties-so I didn’t wear panties. And I’m wearing this,” Alice said conspiratorially as she lifted her blouse. The chain shone in the dining room light.

“What the fuck,” Gina blurted. “Did he put that on you?”

“Who else? I woke up with it this morning.”

“And you can’t get it off?”

“With the key I could,” Alice said as she showed the padlock. “But Dan has the keys-and all my other bondage stuff. He said he didn’t want me to be playing games by myself.”

“And being tied up really excites you?”

Alice blushed, “I know, it’s pretty weird huh?”

Gina cleared away the food containers. “So, if I tied you up right now, you’d get all hot and bothered,” she said dubiously.

“I don’t know,” Alice said as she finished her drink. “But I do, when I’m by myself, and I do when a guy ties me.

“Let’s find out,” Gina said laughingly. She downed her drink and slipped into the bedroom. Moments later she emerged with a pair of scarves. She held up the scarves. “So how do you like to be tied?”

It was an awkward moment for Alice. Her best friend was offering to tie her up. Would that have the same effect as when Dan bound her? Would she get all horny and want to go home alone? Or would this just push her back into Dan’s arms?

Gina stood there, a curious look on her face. ‘I’ve already told her I’m a freak,’ Alice said to herself. ‘Might as well prove it.’ She went and sat on the living room sofa. Turning her back on Gina she presented her hands. “Behind the back works best,” Alice informed her. “Do you know how to tie a good knot?”

“Girl, my Daddy wanted a boy and an Eagle scout. He got me. I know my knots and how to field dress a deer.” She knelt behind Alice, pulling her friend’s wrists together. After double knotting the satin scarf about Alice’s wrists she stood up. “How’s that,” she said triumphantly.

Alice had started with scarves, but quickly progressed beyond them. They slipped too easily. But Gina had done a fine job. She tugged her hands, but they stayed secured behind her. “That’s good, she said as she pulled against the satin.

“Should I do your legs too? I’ve got another scarf,” Gina held up the second scarf.

Alice thought about it. If being helpless was what turned her on and not the person she was with then she should let Gina tie her legs. “Uh, I guess,’ she said uncertainly. She presented her legs, ankles together.

Gina knelt before her friend. She straightened the scarf, twisting it until it was ropelike. She then pushed Alice’s knees apart, crossing her ankles. Alice let out an exclamation of surprise as the scarf bound her ankles crosswise.

Sitting back on her heels Gina eyed her friend. “So, when does it start?”

“Well, it’s kind of weird with you sitting there staring at me,” Alice said defensively.

“Just pretend I’m not here,” Gina said brightly. She watched as Alice closed her eyes and began to struggle. “Do you think a blindfold would help,” she asked?

Alice was feeling more than a little uncomfortable with the whole situation. Having Gina watch her like she was about to put on a show made it hard to focus. “It might,” she answered. Before she could say more Gina was back in her bedroom. Alice could hear drawers slamming.

“This will be perfect,” Gina said as she returned. In her hand was a long red sash. “Snagged it off my bathrobe,” she said brightly. “Now turn around and close your eyes.”

Alice did as she was told. Her eyes closed, she felt the soft fabric pressed against her face. Her body relaxed as the darkness enveloped her. Leaning back into the sofa, she twisted her wrists against her bonds. She found a favorite fantasy and let her mind wander. Slowly the feeling of warmth built within her.

Gina watched in rapt fascination as her friend struggled. Alice’s bare nipples pressed against the fabric of her blouse, showing hard points through the material. Her legs twisted against the crossed ankles, trying to rub together. Gina leaned forward.

Alice felt the brush of fingers on her blouse. It took her a moment to realize that it was not part of her fantasy. “Wh-what are you doing,” she asked anxiously.

“Just seeing how that bastard hurt you,” Gina said quietly as she worked the buttons on Alice’s blouse. She slid a hand in, cupping the underside of her breast. When Alice let out a gasp, Gina drew her hand back. “Still kind of tender, I see. I’ve got some aloe that’ll help.”

Alice listened to Gina’s retreating footsteps. Did Gina really just fondle her? Or was that just concern accidentally invading her very personal space? Suddenly it seemed more important to escape her bondage than before. She tugged against the scarf that bound her.

Gina returned to see Alice struggling. “Wow, you really get into this,” she said as she seated herself on the sofa. “Let me just open this, so I don’t get aloe on your shirt,” she said as she tugged buttons free.

Alice felt panic setting in as her blouse fell away. “Uh, Gina I think it's fine. Whoa!” she said as the cool gel touched her skin. Gina’s hands were gently massaging her skin. The tender underside of her breasts felt the tingle of the warming gel.

“I’ve got to tell you Alice, I’ve always been jealous of your boobs,” Gina said as she stroked them. “Mine are so small by comparison. But yours, mmmm.”

Alice tried to shift away from her friend, but Gina leaned in, slipping her body between Alice’s legs. She pinned Alice in place before lowering her mouth to envelope her nipple. “Mmmm,” Gina hummed as she sucked.

“Gina I’m not-I don’t think we should,” Alice protested. “Ahhh!” she finished as Gina’s teeth closed on her hardening nipple.

“It’s okay, honey,” Gina said. “I’ve never been with a tied-up girl either. So, it’s new territory for both of us.” She cupped Alice’s breasts, working her thumbs over the nipples. “But I think I could get used to it,” she giggled.

Alice fought down a rising panic. She and Gina had been friends for a long time. She knew Gina liked both men and women, but their friendship had never been sexual. Now Gina was changing that. And despite the fear it felt deliciously wicked.

As suddenly as it started, Gina’s assault stopped. Alice shook her head, trying to assess what had happened. Gina had pulled away, leaving Alice alone in the blindfold darkness. She heard a rustling sound.

The sofa sagged beneath Alice as Gina climbed back on. Alice could feel Gina’s thighs press against hers as the woman straddled her. When she opened her mouth to object something warm brushed her lips. “Oh my God,” she murmured.

Gina’s nipple was small and firm. It brushed against Alice’s lips, inviting her to taste its sweetness. When she didn’t rise to the invitation Gina caught her by the back of the head, gently pulling her onto the nipple.

Though Alice had never been with another woman, she knew what she liked done with her own body. She mirrored that with Gina, a gentle sucking motion that brought a moan of pleasure from her friend. She felt the nipple harden as she worked.

Gina pulled back, dragging her wet nipple across Alice’s face, leaving a trail of saliva. She steered her other breast to Alice’s mouth. This time Alice needed no prompting. She wrapped her lips around the little nub and sucked.

Gina’s free hand reached down to stroke Alice’s bare breast. Still tender from the previous night, the nipple responded quickly, sending waves of arousal through her body. Alice felt the heat building between her legs. Arching her back, she pressed up against Gina’s weight.

“Oh my, we are a little slut when tied up, aren’t we,” Gina giggled. “Let’s just see how naughty you are.” Gina pulled back from Alice, catching her by the waist. She pulled, easing the bound woman onto the floor.

Alice found herself facing upward, her hands pinned under her body. The crossed tied ankles made it difficult to close her legs. She let out a frightened gasp as Gina lifted her skirt. “Oh God, please,” she whimpered.

“Was that ‘please yes,’ or ‘please no’ I wonder,” Gina said. She caught Alice by the knees, levering her legs wide. As Alice’s skirt hiked up past her hips Gina eyed her glistening mound. She drew her fingers lightly outside Alice’s labia, bringing a moan from the other woman. “That’s ‘please yes,’ in my book.”

Alice felt Gina’s lips feather over her clit. It was like she had touched a high voltage line. Her body locked in place, waiting for the next touch. Even she wasn’t sure if her plea was for more or less of what Gina was offering.

Gina worked her tongue over Alice’s clit. She toyed with it, enjoying the strangled moans and gasps from her friend. One arm snaked up to tweak Alice’s nipple, blending the sensations into a heady mix of arousal.

When Gina closed her lips over Alice’s little button it pushed her to the edge. But when she began to suck any hope Alice had of resisting crumbled. She climaxed with a scream, arching her back, pressing herself against Gina’s mouth.

Gina didn’t stop until Alice collapsed beneath her. She dragged her mouth along Alice’s thigh, wiping her lips. “And now it’s my turn,” she said quietly.

Alice felt Gina’s bare skin slip across her body as the woman straddled her. Even blindfolded she could feel her friend’s presence. She could smell the heady scent of her friend’s arousal. Had she been able to see Alice would have found Gina’s legs splayed either side of her, would have seen her sex hovering above her face.

A light touch brushed Alice’s face. It felt like the touch of a feather. Out of the darkness came a voice that was Gina, but wasn’t like her at all. It was a husky, throaty sound that told her, “Now you’ll do for me what I’ve done for you.”

Pubic hair brushed her face and then Alice felt the wetness that was her friend’s pussy lowering onto her mouth. “But I don’t,” came the muffled protest. “I’ve never…”

“Just do to me what you like for you,” Gina said quietly. She eased her body downward. “I’m sure I’ll enjoy it.” And with that she pressed herself to Alice’s mouth, ending all thoughts of discussion.

Alice couldn’t believe how sideways her evening had gone. She had come to Gina for a little ‘tea and sympathy’. But she’d ended up bound and blindfolded, with her best friend sitting on her face. When she laid there unmoving Gina shifted forward, pressing herself up against Alice’s nose, cutting off her air.

“Fair is fair, sweetheart,” Gina said warningly. “Give Auntie Gina a good ride.”

The threat was clear. Gina was calling the shots and could control Alice’s breathing with nothing more than a shift of her hips. She couldn’t even cry out for help. ‘Dildo gagged last night, pussy gagged tonight,’ Alice said to herself ruefully. With no other options she tentatively flicked her tongue upward at Gina’s waiting clit.

“Mmmm, good girl,” Gina purred. She shifted her body steering Alice to her ‘sweet spot’. Reaching forward and back, she simultaneously stroked Alice’s hair and breast.

Seeing that she was indeed pleasing her friend Alice settled into a gentle rhythm. Gina’s stroking helped her along, bringing her own pleasure centers back online. Gina’s juices smeared Alice’s face. ‘At least she won’t cum all over me,’ Alice told herself.

But Gina took a lot longer to climax than Alice had. Alice was getting tired, but when she would slow down Gina would spur her to greater activity. Alice found her hair pulled, her nipple tweaked or her breathing interrupted, according to Gina’s whim.

After a seeming eternity Gina climaxed, grinding her sex into Alice’s face as the orgasm took her. Alice struggled, fearing that she would suffocate beneath her friend, but that seemed to excite Gina even more. In the end Gina rolled off her, leaving the two of them gasping on the floor together.

Light flooded Alice’s eyes as Gina pulled off the blindfold. “Okay, I guess being tied up does make you horny,” Gina giggled nervously. Now roll over so I can untie you.”

Alice’s eyes widened to see her friend kneeling naked beside her. It was obvious that she would be naked. After all, she had been riding Alice’s face just minutes ago. But somehow seeing Gina naked made it real. She rolled to her side, presenting her bound wrists.

Once freed, Alice quickly buttoned her blouse. She stood up and lowered her skirt. Gina stood awkwardly next to her, still in the buff. Alice couldn’t bring herself to meet her eyes. “Well, it’s late. I’d better get going,” Alice said as she headed for the front door.

Gina followed closely. As Alice reached the door Gina caught her shoulder. “Alice, I’m sorry. I guess I got sort of carried away.” Alice turned to face her. Gina looked up with a hopeful expression. “Still friends,” she asked?

Alice gave her a weak smile. “Yeah, still friends.” She opened the door and slipped out into the night.

Gina, suddenly mindful of the fact that she was still naked, closed the door. She sank to the floor and put her head in her hands. “What the fuck have I done,” she moaned.

Driving home, Alice gripped the wheel tightly. It was better than feeling the shaking of her hands. She still couldn’t believe that Gina had done that to her. And that she had given the same in return. Worst of all was the fact that it was wonderful.

Once home, Alice moved to close the blinds. While closing the blinds by the slider she could see light spilling from Dan’s apartment. Part of her wanted to go and talk things out with him, but she was too exhausted both emotionally and physically.

She opted for a hot shower instead. She felt dirty, and wasn’t sure she’d ever feel clean again. But thirty minutes of steaming hot water improved her mindset. She toyed with the chain around her waist as she bathed, trying to decide what she wanted in her life.

Dan had spent the evening sitting out on his balcony, doing his best to not think about Alice. He was aided in this endeavor with a bottle of whiskey that while not cheap was decidedly not top shelf either.

What to do? He’d tried reining in the madwoman with discipline and restraint. That had caused her to slip out in the dark and ghost him on his messages. He’d tried cutting her off, but that seemed to end with her presenting herself in some kinky predicament at his front door. He couldn’t figure it out, and consulting with “Old Grandad” hadn’t helped.

It was late when he saw the lights come on next door. He imagined that Alice would come outside to her own balcony. They would talk, he would leap across the gap between the balconies and take her in his arms.

The light from Alice’s apartment dimmed as the blinds closed. Dan sat there, letting reality sink in. He stood up, eyed the drop to the courtyard below and poured the remains of his drink over the edge. Looking at the glass he muttered, “Thanks for the fucking stupid advice.”

With his bladder calling him Dan wobbled to the bathroom. As he relieved himself, he heard water running. Confused at first, he realized that Alice was running the shower on the opposite side of him. He finished his business but stood there, listening to the sound of running water.

Only when her fingertips started to wrinkle did Alice turn off the water. She stood naked before the bathroom mirror, petulantly refusing to comb out her hair. In light of where her mouth had been she decided brushing and flossing her teeth were a must. She was nearly done when she heard a knock on her apartment door.

Quickly rinsing her mouth Alice grabbed her bathrobe from the back of the door. The pink fuzzy robe made her look like a refugee from an Easter basket, but it was comfortable. The knock sounded again. Alice muttered, “Who the hell is knocking at this time of night?”

As the sound of Alice’s shower faded Dan shook himself. “Fuck it,” he grumbled. He went to his dresser, pulling out a neatly folded stack of women’s panties. From the top of his dresser, he grabbed a key ring. It had a half dozen padlock keys and one handcuff key dangling from it. Weaving slightly, Dan headed for the apartment door.

Alice reached her door and peered through the peep hole. Dan stood outside her door, his features distorted by the fish eye lens. ‘Oh my God,’ Alice thought, ‘he can’t see me like this!’ But when he started to turn away, she put vanity aside, flinging the door wide.

Dan had almost given up when the door opened. Alice stood inside, saying nothing. This was an Alice he’d never seen before-dressed in a fuzzy pink bathrobe with straggly wet hair. And it struck him that she was still beautiful.

Although the alcohol had motivated him to knock on Alice’s door, its influence didn’t extend to his speech center. Unsure of what to say, he stepped inside, awkwardly holding out the ring of keys and the stolen panties. “You probably want these back,” he said weakly.

Alice launched herself at him, wrapping her arms about his chest. Assuming he was being attacked by her, Dan backpedaled, crashing into the door and slamming it shut. He saw a flash of light as the back of his cracked against the steel door.

Dan was ready to fight when he realized Alice was crying. “Hold me, please,” came the muffled plea as she buried her face against him. Keys and panties had gone flying with their initial contact. Dan wrapped his arms around her.

He was sure that Bogart would have slapped the girl and then kissed her passionately. Dan settled for patting her back and giving an ineffectual, “It’s okay” as he led the sobbing Alice to the sofa. Once there he got a tearful, rambling explanation from her regarding the last twenty-four hours.

Between Dan’s alcohol level and Alice’s emotional state Dan gleaned very little information from the discussion. There was something about being an object instead of a person and something about lesbians, but he failed to put all the pieces together.

After about thirty minutes Alice wound down. Having cried herself out Alice snuggled in close and whispered, “Thank you for listening.” Minutes later she was asleep on Dan’s chest. He listened to the girl’s rhythmic breathing. “Fuck my life,” he muttered.
