---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Cara
authors:
- Rupes
tags:
- Solo-F
- F-f
- Sbf
- bond
- cuffs
- chain
- collar
- catsuit
- toys
- breathplay
- electro
- tease
- cons
- reluct
- XX
date: 2020-03-22 00:00:00
---

### Part 1

It has been a troubling year to say the least. My name is Cara, and I am writing this after a string of unfortunate events which I thought I would share with you. So lets start this in the usual way. I am 32, I am athletic, small chested, 5’ 7” tall with longish legs. I tend to dress on the edgy side of acceptable but am basically a weak fumbling woman just trying to make it through life with enough to enjoy it just a little bit. I am single and not really looking for anything serious now as I have just changed my job, I will start the story from just before something happened that changed me for good.

It is the best day of the week, Friday, I get out of bed with that positive Friday feeling. I love Fridays because in our office they do dress-down Friday or as I like to call it “Push Your Luck Friday”. The office was a bit stuffy the rest of the week, very old fashioned, skirts below the knee, low heels only, no low cut tops, shoulders had to be covered, no denim, no leather, no suede, and sensible shoes only. Up until I started there were three other women in my office, Tara, the horsey one, mad about horses and ponies. Clare the bitchy one, sexually frustrated, 2.4 children, soccer mom who was well known to talk bad about anyone, finally there was Kelly, she had some drink and anger issues. They are not important to the story, except for that bitch Clare.

I had worked there for about three years and was playing my own private Friday game seeing how far I could push my wardrobe on a Friday. I had been slow and subtle, and so far, nothing had happened, I am sure Clare had noticed and would bitch to the others by now. It started out simply enough, the first Friday I wore a simple pair of, what I would consider, mid heel ankle boots, 3”, black, thickset heel, bootcut jeans, and a simple t-shirt top that covered everything.

We are now three years on so today I pulled out my simple, yet stunning, leather mini dress, this is a simple zip up dress that finishes just low enough to be decent, by that I mean I can almost bend over at 90 degrees without showing everyone my underwear (which today was French and lacey (the bottoms anyway, as for the top, I decided to go for my enhancer bra, it basically gives me the appearance of some boobs! The dress has quite wide shoulder straps and zips up the back. I pulled out my thigh high 8” platform leather boots but thought that would be a step too far and given the age of some of the men in the office a number of coronaries may happen, I did not want that on my hands. So, I pulled out my suede 4” stiletto knee boots. These are leather lined, and so I decided to go sockless, don’t judge me I obviously have a bit of a leather fetish!

I am just about to go out the door when I see hanging up next to my jacket a bag from a little accessory store I go to, I knew it contained my latest purchases. On a whim I pluck it off the hanger and tip out the contents onto the dining room table. This place does such cheap jewellery and had a three for two offers on so there was quite a bit in there. There is a card which has five sets of gold hoop earrings in different sizes, so naturally I take the largest ones. Then I pick out six gold rings, three on each hand, a bunch of thin gold bracelets, I don’t know their proper name, but I call them jingle bangles as no matter how you move they jingle all the time. Lastly to really push it, I had bought a leather choker, this was black leather, with gold studs, it fastened with a gold buckle. I set off for the office locking the door on my way out. On my way I stop in at Starbucks, I normally just go through the drive-thru, but today I was a little early and hell, I look good, so I decide to go in. I get served by a young boy who could not be far out of school. I gave him my order, a Venti, Skinny, Low Fat Caramel Latte. I handed over my card, he took it, made a beep sound with his voice and handed it back, “No charge for you” he says with a wink. Hey, I am not proud, but I’ll take it!

I arrive at work and head into the main office where Clare is in full melt down, it would appear the boss had asked her to pick up a gift for his wife for their anniversary which she has completely forgotten to do. She has been pulled up by him already a few times this year, mostly for her bitchy attitude towards the other girls, but the last time because she had forgotten to buy the lottery tickets that we all pay into, there had been a small win of a couple thousand dollars which was about 100 bucks each, but the ticket money was still in her drawer. To their credit the company gave her a warning, but still paid us all out our winnings from company money. Clare knew this would be the end of her at this place.

Our boss comes in and asks for her to join him in his office with his wife’s gift, so she pulls herself together and heads in. A few minutes later there is some shouting, then it goes very quiet. Ten minutes later Clare comes out much calmer and takes a seat at her desk and starts going about her day to day business. I settle in and the morning progresses normally, nothing else is said about the lack of a gift. I presume she will go out at lunch and select something suitable.

Shortly before lunch a guy comes into the office and I am sure I know him from somewhere, he checks a note in his pocket, and then walks over to Clare’s desk, they talk for a few minutes then she makes a very quick phone call. She then looks over and points this guy in my direction. At this point the boss also comes out of his office. The guy I half recognise walks over and casually says, “Hi Cara, we meet again.” Then it dawns on me, I do know him, he is the officer that arrested me a few years ago when a bar I was in was raided. I had done nothing wrong, but he arrested me anyway, and when the case looked like it would collapse on them they did me for public intoxication. I had not mentioned that to my work, as it was over and done by Monday morning.

*What the hell is he doing here now?* I quickly found out, “stand up,” he orders. I do as I am told. Everyone is now looking out from their desks. “Place your hands on your head,” I am told. I protest and ask him what the fuck this all is about. He grabs my arm, and rams me down on the desk pulling my arm up my back. He slaps a handcuff on me, and then quickly pulls my other arm behind and cuffs that, tightly. “Sit,” he commands. I sit in my office chair.

I am upset but mostly angry. He goes on to say that someone in the office has witnessed me stealing, the object in question was a diamond ring, he goes on to say that it was an anniversary pres... He gets no further, I know exactly what has happened, that bitch Clare has made up some bullshit to cover her own arse. I am up and get about halfway to her desk before I am tackled and thrown to the floor. Two burly female officers enter the office, one of them is carrying a bundle of chains and shackles. She sits on me and puts shackles over my boots. Then she slips a waist chain around my waist locking it with a big padlock. The other female grabs my wrist and undoes one handcuff which is then pushed through a loop on the belt and my hands are then re-cuffed behind my back now through the chain belt locked around my waist.

I realise there is nothing I can do, so I stop fighting and let my body relax. I am picked up forcefully and put back on my feet. Clare comes over, she thinks she is safe. I will show her, so - and I am not proud of this - I spit in her face. Instantly one of the female officers produces a ball gag which is forced into my mouth and then buckled up tightly. I am then paraded out the office, down the corridor. As we are walking, I can feel all the eyes on me, looking at me as I am walking past, chained and jingling all the way. I am so embarrassed, the bright reg ball gag for everyone to see, I am so... I am so turned on right now? WTF?

At the station I am shoved into a holding cell, still gagged, cuffed, belted and shackled. I am left there for just over an hour before a gentle female officer comes in, and removes the gag, and the chains and replaces them with a chain belt with a handcuff either side. This affords me much more freedom as the cuffs have about six inches of chain attached to the belt. She takes me into the interview room, and I tell her all I know and about how Clare was that morning. I am put back in the cell and left.

A further two hours go past, when the officer who came to the office comes back in. Tells me they have searched my apartment and found nothing to link me with the crime. They had confronted Clare about what I said about her meltdown that morning and her not buying the gift in the first place. She had buckled and admitted it. So, I was free to go. But I had to go through a procedure. Given my last arrest and the spitting incident, I was re-cuffed exactly as I was when I had come in, and then he holds up the bright red ball gag.

“I don’t think we really need this do we?” he says.

For some strange reason, at that moment, I really wanted it, so I looked at him and said, “well procedure is procedure, I understand.” He shrugged his shoulders and I opened my mouth ready for the gag, he buckled it up loosely. I pushed the ball out my mouth as there was so much slack, I looked at him and said, “is that the best you’ve got?”

He laughed, put the ball back and then yanked it much tighter than before. He then grabbed a padlock and locked it in place. “Since you want the full experience...”

I am marched out the cell and then through a 45-minute procedure, as I am being walked out I pass Clare, who is now cuffed to a bench in the waiting area, sobbing her heart out.

We are now outside and stood by the officer’s car. I am aware of all the passing people looking at me chained up, I am so horny right now. “Would you like me to take you home?” he asks. I nod yes, as I don’t have my car here and my apartment is a long walk away. “Okay, turn around and I will undo you.” I look at him and playfully turn the wrong way, so he can’t get to the locks. He moves again and again I move out the way.

“Fine,” he says, and opens the backdoor, and I step in, I am sat on a plastic seat with a cut out to place my cuffed hands in, he puts my belt on and then closes the door. The back is like a cage there are bars at the windows and in between the front and back. We get to my apartment. He opens the car door and then follows me as I shuffle my way up to my apartment. He turns me around and starts unlocking all the chains and cuffs. Once he is done, he is stood there holding all the chains with the keys in his hands, along with a drool soaked gag.

“Cara, I feel so bad for this, you would have the right to sue the company and the police department over this. Is there anything we can do for you?” I am not vindictive, but he is right, although wrongful arrest would only be worth a few hundred dollars. So I take a chance and reach out and grab the chains. I want a souvenir, and these will be considered full payment. He lets go of them, and hands me a small set of keys. “You might need these too!”

“Thank you Cara,” is the last thing he says before he heads off to his car. I try and look cool and head inside, closing the door, and then before anything else I am closing the cuffs around my feet, locking on the waist chain with the cuffs in front. I buckle the gag and snap the padlock through, lastly I cuff my hands in front, fiddle to get my knickers down to my ankles and throw the keys into the apartment, launch at the floor and rub myself to a shuddering climax right then and there. Thank god I did the gag up tightly.

I lay there panting, hot sweaty and cuffed for nearly an hour before I had calmed down enough to go find the keys and release myself. My wrists were bruised and badly marked from the cuffs but OMG was it worth it!

### Part 2

Obviously after that I needed to take a few days off work, I wrote an email to the boss, stating that I would be back but that I needed a few days off to recover. In fact, the arrest had unlocked something inside of me. The next few days I had spent in my apartment, I did everything in my new cuffs, even showered in them. But there was something missing, I knew I could always just reach out and grab the keys. I wanted to be cuffed with no way out.

I figured I could stretch the time off out for another few days, and go back on Friday, which was my favourite day to go to the office. I emailed and let them know. My boss mailed me back immediately and told me to take all the time I needed. On a whim, I grabbed a padded envelope, threw in the keys to all the cuffs and locks sealed it up and wrote my own address on it. I then threw on my skinny jeans, top, boots and biker jacket and headed out to the car. I drove for about three hours to take me into the next state. Where I found a small post office. I took the envelope into the post office and mailed it, tracked, on an overnight delivery.

I raced back to my apartment. As soon as I got in the door, I ripped my clothes off and put on just my long leather boots and some leather gloves, which would protect my skin from the chafing of the cuffs. I was going to cuff myself in front and wank myself silly but at the last minute I changed my mind and went the whole nine yards and put the chain belt on with the loop at the back, I threaded the cuffs through, did up the gag and locked everything before taking one last deep breath and locking the cuffs around my wrists. That was it, it was not 3pm yet and I was cuffed and gagged until at least 8am the next morning, what’s more I could not even reach myself to get myself off. I was horny as hell and not a thing I could do about it.

I spent an awkward night not being able to sleep, and not being able to do anything. Eventually I heard the mail land and raced to the door. As I approached, I could see three was just one white envelope. One, non-padded white envelope. WTF, it was supposed to be a 24 hour service. With some effort I managed to get the laptop on the floor in front of the sofa, it took me over an hour to get to the website of the post office and type in the tracking number with my stiletto heel. The keys were still in the post. I checked the website and realised that 1pm was the cut-off time, so the keys would not be delivered until the following morning. Then I read something that made my blood run cold. The service I had used was not only tracked, but also signed for. This meant without a signature I was not getting the keys. I nearly came on the spot, then I wondered, I could type with the heel of my boots...

I managed to get myself crouched with my feet under me, and then wiggled until I got the heel in the right place, with some considerable effort I managed to get the heel into just the right spot and started rubbing myself. I found there was not quite enough stimulation so a bit of wiggling later, I managed to get the heel tip by the opening after while it slipped in easily and then I managed to fuck the long heel of my boot all the way. After this my situation began to play on my mind.

I could answer the door, or I could phone someone for help but who? Or I could just stay like this and use my boot heels to literally wank myself to death. I decided I would make a spur of the moment decision when the time came. Another night goes past, and by now I want nothing more than a shower. 8am sharp the doorbell sounds. I jump out of bed and shuffle to the door, I struggle but eventually manage to unlock the door. I try and stand behind the door and just peak around the edge.

The mailman is there and he says, “Hi ma'am, I got a package for you, but I need a signature.”

“Okay,” I said, and he hands me the slip to sign. It’s then I realise I can’t reach it without letting go of the door and turning round. I open the door and turn around. He looks at me, and says, “heck, well this is a new one.”

I invite him in, mostly because I don’t want the neighbours seeing me, he steps in and puts a pen in my hand, I sign on the paperwork as best I can with my hands cuffed behind me. He puts the package on the side and then takes one final look at this naked, cuffed chick and heads out the door. I kick the door closed and the latch locks with a pleasing thunk.

I then realise that he could have done anything to me, and I would have been totally helpless. He is not my type, but I would be lying if I said I was not a little turned on by that thought. I grab the envelope and open it as quickly as I can. It takes me a good fifteen minutes to undo one of the handcuffs. No sooner than I have I am on the floor ramming fingers in with the dangling handcuff banging against my clit. I come hard in seconds.

### Part 3

Today is Friday, which is the day I decided I would return to work after my arrest and ordeal after Clare the bitch of a colleague lied to save her own arse, even though it had backfired on her. Friday is dress down day, and after what happened I thought WTF, today I am being me, lovely, slutty me.

I pulled out my short leather micro skirt, my leather thigh boots, a bright red leather crop top, studded collar, hoopy earrings, and bangles to cover all the marks left by all my handcuffed adventures over the last few days! I trotted off to work stopping at Starbucks on the way. I got quite the reaction there, the kid was on the counter again, he looked at me, he remembered my name, my order and then said, “today I am charging you one kiss, what do you say then Cara?” Snotty little brat, okay two can play at that game. I grabbed his apron in a fist and yanked him onto the counter and Frenched him for all I am worth. After a minute I pushed him back over the counter where he landed in a heap on the floor, covered with the cakes and pastry that were on the counter, now stuck to his apron. All the other staff had been staring at the whole display, so I looked over the counter, smiled and said, “that was French roast. Next time call me mistress, now get my coffee.” I paused and then added, “bitch.”

There was giggling and stunned silence at the same time. He staggered to his feet and made my coffee. I walked out of there with as much wiggle as I could muster feeling every bit the empowered woman I had become. I literally owned it as I strutted into the office, to stunned silence. I slammed my coffee down on the desk, good everyone was staring. I am back, as you may know that bitch Clare set me up. I raised my arms up, “look no handcuffs now, so nothing to stop me. Anyone wants to say something smart, bring it.” There is a moment of quiet then feverish activity. After a minute, things are “normal” everyone is going about their business. I pick up my coffee and go and bang on the manager’s door. There is no answer so I open the door and walk in.

The big boss is there, he looks me up and down. “Is this her?” he says to my boss.

“Yes,” he replies.

“Cara, nice to meet you.” He holds out his hand. I look at him, and make no move to shake his hand.

“We need to talk,” I said, very abruptly.

“Yes, we most certainly do,” he states. “Come with me.” He opens the door and we walk to the elevator. He presses the button and the doors open, he motions for me to go first. I step in and the door closes behind him. He presses the stop button, and then looks at me.

“What does this company do Cara?”

I look at him a little blankly. “We make metal engineering parts for export across the globe,” I said, somewhat off guard.

He went on, “what if I told you, that you were half right, what if there was a little more to it than that?”

I looked at him, “okay, I like my job here, I like the people, the money, not so much the products they are the least interesting to me.”

“Tell you what, come with me, give me one hour, and hear me out, if you're still not interested, given what happened… how much do you make a month, Cara?”

“$1800.”

“Okay, so that’s about $30k a year. So I will give you a $60,000 cheque and you can be on your way.” I nearly hit the floor.

Trying to sound cool calm and collected I said, “Okay, show me, for the next hour I am yours.”

He pulled out a small key, which he put into a hole just above the keypad of the elevator, this opened a small flap under which there were five small unlabelled buttons, the first of which he pressed. It lit up in blue. He looked at me. “Most people think this building has 55 floors, it has 60. The top five are where the real R&D and money are made. Oh Cara, I forgot to mention, this is all highly secret and you are not to utter a word to anyone about this place nor the offer I make you, now or at any point forward is that clear?”

“Yes,” I said.

So, we get to the 56th floor. The first thing I notice is the décor, it’s much more expensive, much more flamboyant. There are leather sofas all over the place and everyone is dressed basically like me, much higher heels and shorter skirts than downstairs. We walk briskly past a few doors.

“Okay,” he says, “here we come up with ideas, we do things for the military, police and we make real money from specialist requests.”

“What sort of things?”

“Mostly restraints, but some torture devices for special applications.”

The next hour he shows me around the place, manufacturing on the top floor, testing in the middle and design and ideas at the bottom. He then goes on to explain how the male officer that arrested me is a friend of his and he told him about how I’d resisted having the restraints removed, and how when asked for anything compensation I’d simply taken the cuffs.

“We also put cameras in your apartment and saw everything that happened, and everything you did.” He then told me that the cuffs were one of our designs. An opening had come up in the design team and then all this happened, they were going to interview for the job but he had decided after hearing and seeing me in action that I would be perfect.

“I am more than interested, but what would my role here be?”

“Well,” he said, “I want you to become a designer, well more an ideas person. Look I am going to be very candid about this, kinky people are the best at the ideas, precisely because they are kinky, something that turns them on, is something that will strike fear into the hearts of most people. We make a shed load of money from these ideas. So, to start with, you said you earn $1800 per month downstairs, so my offer to you would be $18000 how does that sound?”

I look at him, a little confused, $18000 per year is less than what I earn now, but the idea of the job sounds like something I could really get into. So I said, no sorry I need more money than that. OK, he says, that was a low-ball offer, so let’s double that $36000 per month. You start Monday, please pick your team, we will pair you with an engineer, but you will need a product tester, who can try out anything you come up with, as we have to make sure it has the desired effect. I will give you some information to take with you. Here is your elevator key, and your starter pack, this will explain clearly all the rules.

Per month, was all I could think, per month, $36000 per month. I skipped home, stopping to look in the window at the Mercedes dealer, do I buy that one with my first paycheck or wait a couple months and buy that one? I laughed out loud. I got home and started flipping through the information pack. It was all a lot of same-old same-old, then I got to the “product testers” page.

Whilst we encourage designers to test their own designs, we also like to have product testers who will test out the full range of a products features and test the products for an extended period. They are rewarded well for this task but not to the level of designers or engineering staff. In addition, product testers are not considered to have clearance to be in this section of the building just their specific project. Hence, they remain employed in the lower echelons of the business and are pulled up for specific periods of testing. However, all testers must be restrained and senses muted until they arrive at the room where the product they are testing is being kept, they are not to leave this room until after testing is completed, and then they once again must be restrained and their senses muted until they are below level 55 of the building. You may pick any member of staff to be your product tester however to maximise profits it makes sense if they are of similar size and dimensions as yourself. You will be responsible for their transit around the building and for ensuring their clothing and restraints are both effective and suitable for the task at hand.

Now this got me thinking. Do I pick someone I want to work with, or someone I hate? I decided on the latter, and further decided on Clare the bitch. I messaged my new boss and he messaged back, suggesting that I had made a good choice and arrangements would be made to fish her out the police soup she was swimming in just as soon as she was needed. Jesus, I thought, this place does have some power.

I spent the next two months thinking of all the kinky devices I could, that I would want to try. In the end I decided to start simple. Something I had seen years ago, it was sort of a metal straitjacket. However, there were some additions to this one. Such as the giant phallus in the crotch strap which would either shock the occupant or tease them with vibrations just below climax for hours. It also had a special device in each breast piece that would, on command, pierce the nipples of the occupant. This could be programmed to allow healing time and then re-pierce the nipples again. It also had a constricting collar that could be controlled, so if the occupant was unruly the collar would tighten on command and stop them breathing once subdued it could be released or not in which case it would prove lethal. All of the metal was covered in leather to give a jet black intimidating appearance.

I decided that I would do the initial testing of three days, to make sure it was escape proof and then Clare would take over to test out the device long term which unluckily for her I decided would be 60 days. That should teach her.

It took my engineering team a whole month to get the prototype ready. They brought it in on a little stand and explained how it worked. Once they had left, I decided I would get myself ready to start the initial three days testing, I had ordered a black leather catsuit and plain leather thigh boots as my outfit to go underneath it. The catsuit had been ordered with open breasts and open crotch to facilitate the various devices. I was just trying to do the zipper up when my boss walked in.

“Here let me help you with that,” he said as he took the zipper and slid it all the way up. I walked across to the metal contraption and slid my arms down the sleeves, before he could see my naked breasts. He stood behind me and closed the back. “How does it work?” he asked.

I told him to latch the clasps on the back which he did, I then pushed the part with the phallus through my legs, he took the back part and said “here, looks like you need just a little encouragement.” as he ran his finger across my clit. “Oh, my mistake,” he said as I was already dripping with anticipation. He rammed home the phallus and then clicked the latch shut. I wrap my arms around me, and he clicks the latch closed.

“Now hit three and then days on the keypad over there.” He did, and the display asked for confirmation, he clicked yes, and I heard the clicks as the suit locked. My arms were drawn tightly around my body as the strap tightens itself. No sooner than it locked the vibrations started. It got me to the edge and then skilfully left me there. I knew it was monitoring all my vital signs and that no matter what I did, it would not allow me to go all the way.

I then walk with my boss to the secure testing room. This is basically a padded cell I designed, he opens the door and shoves me in, see you in three days, he slams the door which instantly locks. The room is padded, made from black leather, there is a dim bulb overhead, which my team have seen fit to make red for me. Perhaps they know me a little too well! At this point I hear my lead engineer over the intercom.

“Hi Cara, good luck in your first tests, I have personally adjusted the programming for your test, I hope you enjoy it.” Click, and the intercom goes dead. The vibrator is still going, but not enough to make me cum, but enough to keep me hoping that I will.

The first few hours go by, I am so horny but no matter what I do, how I twist, the vibrations adjust to lower or raise my arousal to compensate. I jump up and thrash about hopelessly. Afterwards I walk over the door and kick it as hard as I can, I am rewarded by just a dull thud, I kick it again and again, but nothing gives. I walk back and then charge at the door full speed, thud. I fall backwards on the padded leather floor. The intercom crackles into life. “Impact detected, escape attempt in progress, subdue subject.”

At this point the collar tightens and me breathing becomes much harder. Then the vibrator kicks up to full speed, then the electric shocks start, my climax is involuntarily building, then the collar tightens again, I can’t breathe. I am panicking, I start to cum hard, the collar tightens again, then again. I get my legs up onto the wall trying to catch my breath, then I cum again, hard, so hard I squirt up the wall and shower myself.

I black out, and when I come around, I am lying in a puddle of my own juice. The room smells of leather and my own heavy musk. The vibrator has stopped, as have the shocks, and the collar is loose again. I get on my feet and as soon as I do the vibrator starts up again. I look at the door, without any hesitation I run full force into it knocking myself backwards onto the floor. The intercom crackles into life. “Impact detected, escape attempt in progress, subdue subject.” The collar tightens, the vibrator ramps up and the shocks start. *You’re going to have to do better than that suit,* I thought, as I scramble to my feet and run again at the door, as hard as I can manage, I hit the floor.

“Impact detected, stage two initiated,” the intercom splutters out. The vibrator hits an even higher pitch, the collar goes directly to extremely tight, still no shocks, I can feel my orgasm building, but this time I am prepared and I am fighting it as hard as I can letting it build and build. Then without warning I heard a loud crack, and simultaneously my breast ignites with pain and I get a huge shock through the vibrating probe. It pushes me over the edge and I orgasm just as hard sending waves of squirting juice indiscriminately around the room. I pass out.

I eventually come around and the leather floor is like a slip and slide with all my pussy juice over it. I try to stand up and instantly slip over. “Impact detected,” everything starts up again, I try to stand up, and fall over again, “Level 2,” the intercom states. I manage to roll over and find a piece of the floor where I can get some traction, I manage to get to my feet, just as the shocks start, the collar is tight and I am struggling to breath, I am cumming again. *Oh for god sake not now*. The orgasm hits me like a wave and my legs buckle, I hit the floor. “Impact detected, lethal mode activated.” *Oh god did that say lethal mode?* That was enough to crest the hill again. I black out.

I come around, the jacket is loose, the door to the cell is open. I slip the jacket off and walk outside. I take the lift to the design floor. The place is empty, so I don’t need to worry about my breasts and pussy being on display. I walk to my design team’s room and on the desk I find a note from my chief engineer. It says, “We were told you would push this to the limit so we added a safety so that in the event you did try and orgasm yourself to death we would keep you safe, hope you enjoyed your time”. I looked up at the clock, it was only 9pm on Friday, I had all weekend to test this thing! I took a long shower and wiggled my way back into the catsuit which was damp from sweat and pussy custard! I went back to the testing room and retrieved the jacket, taking back to the design floor. I made some modifications to the programming. Nothing too amazing, I also added a second vibrator, and larger needles for the nipples.

Once I was happy, I took it back to my office, put it back on the stand which was designed to allow me to put myself in it without outside assistance. After about 30 minutes of struggling I was in, both vibrators were at most ¼ of the way in, I knew my new program would take care of that. I walked to the control panel which I had stuck to the office wall. I hit two with my nose and then days ‘confirm’. The jacket started with the collar strap, which is pulled finger tight, then the back straps one by one, each one set to be corset tight, then the arms were next I’d increased the tightness of these by 25% my arms inched around me, before finally clicking to indicate locked. Next up the crotch strap started tightening up, I had also increased this by 50% as before it stopped when it was just touching the skin. It inched the vibrators up inside me, the pussy one was ok as I was already dripping, but the anal one, hurt like a bitch, as I forgot to use any lube. Eventually the strap got tight and then a little tighter before it clicked and locked. I was now in this jacket for two days, as I had removed the release safety.

I walked my way back to the test room, walked inside and said out loud, “commence test.” The door slammed shut, and the vibrators pulsed into life, alternating between them. No sooner had the door closed I decided to test the new system. It detected my movement towards the door and by the time I was at full speed towards the door the vibrators were at full speed, which was much faster and harder than they were before. The collar had tightened two stages, so I was already near to passing out. I hit the door, and landed back on the floor, already starting to cross the orgasm bridge. I heard the intercom “Impact Detected, level five” that was my new level of personal discovery. I passed out.

Level five was my new program, in level five the vibrators won’t stop, each time I pass out from the strangulation caused by the collar, the vibrators will stop, as soon as I come around, everything starts again full speed, full intensity shocks, the collar then tightens until I orgasm then as I orgasm it fully tightens until I pass out. After five orgasms my left breast gets hit with the larger needle, then another five my right breast. The needles no longer retract, they are left through the breast and used to send electro-shocks through my breasts. I don’t even have to move now, In fact I am not sure I can.

After a blur of what seems like only a few minutes I come around and my chief designer is standing over me. He helps me up and tells me the test is over. I take a few hours to recover, shower then call the chief designer down for debrief and feedback.

He takes a seat and I start. “Right first things first, what was that ‘safety’ feature about?”

He looks at me sheepishly. “We were trying to keep you safe.”

“Okay,” I said, “but that gets coded out from here on in for the remainder of the testing on this product, is that clear?”

“Yes.”

“Yes, what?” I shouted.

“Yes, maam,” he repeated.

“That is ‘yes Mistress’, and make sure it’s with a capital M, understand?”

He smiled at me, “yes Mistress.”

“Right, vibrators, why was there only one and why was it so small? Make them bigger, in fact make them grow and contract with the mode of the suit. Also the locking mechanism was far too weak, who cares if we crack a few ribs when the occupant is trying to escape. In fact, let’s crack their ribs with their own arms.

“So Level 1: Vibrators half speed, collar tight, arms tighten, mind blowing orgasm, collar tight, lights out.

“Level 2: Vibrators 2/3 speed, collar tight, arms tighten more, at the crest of orgasm, nipples pierced, collar tight, lights out.

“Level 3: Vibrators full speed, collar tight, arms tighten more than stage three, at the crest, shocks through pussy and tits, arms tighten until their ribs crack.

“Level 4: Vibrators pulse then full, collar tight, at the point of orgasm, shocks, then tighten and lock the collar tight until life is extinguished.

“Get it? Got it? Good, make it happen.”

### Part 4

I finally got a secure email through telling me that the test was ready to roll and that I should plan for the test subject. I phoned my boss and told him it was time. He phoned me back 15 minutes later and told me to take the company van down to the county jail to collect Clare. I went down in the elevator, I got some looks in reception in my outfit. A short black leather business dress with designer high heeled boots.

I jumped in the unmarked van which had seats in the back. I put on my sunglasses and headed to the country jail. When I got there I said, “I am Cara, I have come for Clare.” I was told they knew exactly what to do and to give them her outfit, then to wait in the waiting area. About 20 minutes later a person shaped thing came in flanked by a guard. She had on the black leather jumpsuit I had given the officer. She was chained just as I had been, her hands were cuffed to a chain belt behind her back, she had shackles on around the boots I had given the officer. She was not gagged but she did have a leather hood on which was buckled and locked tightly. It was puffing up slightly as she breathed in and out. It also had a chain dangling from the collar the other end of which the guard was holding and using as a leash to guide her around. He gave it to me. I noticed it had a handcuff on the end which I slipped around my right wrist and double locked.

I lead Clare the bitch out to the van. Once in the van I sat her in the back seat, removed the cuff from my hand and cuffed it to a rail that ran across the van to secure a load to. I put on her seatbelt and headed to the office. She was quiet the whole way. Once there I sat in the back seat with her and started unlocking the padlocks on the hood which I then removed. She panicked when she saw me, then she assessed her situation and realised there was nothing she could do. I told her what the deal was. She could have her old job back, and a big raise - well for her anyway - but she would have to undergo some special assignments.

She listened intently and then agreed. I did forget to mention the lethal and rib breaking parts. But what the hell. Once she agreed she asked me to take off her cuffs. I told her that, as petty as it was, that would be my revenge against her, she would walk through that office in the same way that I had been cuffed, shackled, gagged and dragged out of there. She had no choice. I rammed in the bright red ball gag, cuffed her leash to my wrist and marched in the main entrance. She had no choice but to follow me like my faithful pet. “Get used to it bitch,” I muttered to her.

Once in the elevator. I slipped the hood over her head and then we whizzed up the 56th floor. I handed her over to my chief engineer, who took her directly into the room and started undoing her chains. Within 15 minutes I was told she was ready. I grabbed the control panel and headed to the padded cell where she was.

“I have spent three days in that thing, you’re in for a treat, oh by the way, there is no way out until your time is up. You are a tester, and this is your new job.” I pressed 60 then ‘days’, then ‘safety’, ‘off’, then the proceed button on the controller. I watched her face contort as the straps tightened up, the crotch strap was the best. Then she started shaking so I knew the vibrators were going at it.

She simply, carefully sat down, she looked over and said, “thank you, I am in heaven. I never got a moment's peace at home, nor in jail, and I never got any sexual excitement. Now all I must do is lay around in total silence and enjoy this for 60 days, thank you so much.”

The dumb bitch thought I was giving her a gift, WTF. I walked over and kicked the jacket as hard as I could. “Impact detected, Level one engaged.” She orgasmed in record time. She passed out with a huge smile on her face, we waited but she did not wake up, she just lay there snoring peacefully. I was livid. I looked at the chief designer. I had already caught him leering at me a few times, “are you a betting man?” He does not answer, so I continue. “If she makes it through the 60 days, you’re in the jacket, and you and I are in this room. You know how insatiable I am, well I promise you I will drown you between my legs, your last breath will be looking at my beautiful arse sat on your face enjoying my orgasm while you choke and drown in my juices. If she does not make it, then I will still put you in the jacket for three days with all lethal devices off, I will then dress in anything you like and fuck you as many times as you like in any way that you like for the three days. Do we have a deal?”

To be continued
