---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: How Did I Get Myself Here
authors:
- S M Ackerman
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- rope
- gag
- naked
- bdsm
- punished
- reluct
- X
date: 2010-08-10 00:00:00
---

I woke up in this dark place, it’s a very dark, wet and slimy place, and what is that stench? I am alone now, I think that I heard the sound of footsteps as my captor left. I am bound hand and foot, gagged tightly, with a cloth sack pulled over my head, and judging from how cold I feel, I am naked!

I pull against my arms restraints, trying to snap or stretch the cords securing them behind my back. I can’t budge them an inch. My wrists start to hurt as the cords cuts into my flesh, so I stop! I try straightening out my legs but they only move six inches before my wrists are being pulled. Behind me is cold concrete, somewhere in front of me I can hear water running, I am scared out of my wits, and just want to go home.

I live in a bungalow left to my boyfriend by his aunt, we share everything but frankly (well according to him) I can be a real bitch and selfish as well! When he said that to my face I went ballistic and told him he could fuck off! He laughed at me, so I added ‘and if you think you are getting into my pants you can have another think you bastard.’

He does not like me swearing, (its ok for him to, but not me). Sometimes he can be a right little Hitler. What with all the house rules and the cleaning, and keeping the floor clear in the bedroom, he makes my life bloody hard!

I guess it was my frustration that caused me to mouth off at him, but now I swear it was for the very last time, if only he will fetch me from this torment.

I screamed, not shouted at him, telling him ‘that he didn’t care about me!’

His reaction was almost funny; he stood up, pulled a bamboo cane out of our yucca plant and told me to bend over. Well you can guess where I told him to shove that idea! I’m not a child who needs to be caned even if I do deserve to be (as mum often tells me). He waved the cane around for a few seconds and then it was as though a light had switched on, his face lit up, he smiled and said .

“You know what Clair, your right! You don’t deserve to be caned today.”

Thank god for that I thought and sat down and eventually calmed down as well. I thought it was over, just another spat, we have been having quite a few of those, and at one point I thought he was going to ask me to leave. Well after that go at him I behaved for a while, and things returned to normal. I even offered him my pussy and to my amazement he said, ‘not until we have everything sorted out and rules in place.’ then he turned away from me and went to sleep!

I wondered exactly what he meant by ‘rules in place’ and ‘everything sorted out,’ now with the benefit of hindsight I wish I had bent over and let him cane me, because the punishment he is inflicting on me now is terrible.

You see, it is my boyfriend that has tied me up and placed me in this disgusting place. He told me (before he left me here) that he would be back in three hours and if I agree to accept any punishment he deems suitable from now on, two things will happen.

The first is I can carry on living in his home and being kept by him.

The second is that I will soon learn exactly what is required of a good girl.

I just wish he would return and let me promise to be a good girl, a very good girl, if only he will not put me down in this cold, dark, damp place again I will show him! I will change! I will be good and keep house just the way he wants, if only he would return and let me beg to be allowed to please him from now on. I really do want to be his good girl!

o0o

You probably think I put Clair in the sewers, or somewhere unsafe like that! I did not! I put her in our basement, having first soaked the wall and floor with cold water. The sound of running water was made by a pond pump placed in a child’s paddling pool. The smell was provided by a bag of pig manure I purchase three days earlier.

I also expect you are wondering how I got her there without her knowing. Clair, because she does not sleep well, takes a sleeping pill at night, so it was simple, I just picked her up very gently and carried her down once she was asleep.

Please keep this to yourself, as Clair does not know where she was put, and it has worked wonders in improving her behaviour! If she carries on like this I guess the wedding will be on soon.

I hope you don’t think me to harsh, but I love Clair with all my heart, but I cannot, and will not accept her frequent selfish behaviour. Her mother warned me about it, and she was right! Goodbye…

The End.
