---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Washing Machine
authors:
- Unknown
tags:
- F/m
- machine
- laundromat
- wash
- spin
- dryer
- laundry
- object
- detergent
- water
- stuck
- cons
- X
---

Most of the regulars here already know how badly I've always wanted to
be laundered in a washing machine and clothes dryer. My girlfriend
has been using me as her ironing board every week for the past year. 
That's been incredible, but the experience has just made me crave to
be put into a washing machine even more...

I've been very candid with my girlfriend about this fantasy (fetish?),
and she's remarkably agreeable. She seems to honestly enjoy ironing
on me, and she's always been very open to the idea of washing me with
her laundry.

For the last few months, we've been checking every laundromat we've
seen, looking for one that had an oversized industrial-type washer big
enough to hold me. We finally found one a couple of weeks ago. I
climbed into the machine that night (just a dry run), to make sure it
was large enough. There was plenty of room inside. All of the dryers
there were big enough.

We went back three times last week, late at night, to check things
out. Mostly, I wanted to see how the washing machine worked before we
went through with it. Being laundered was the ultimate turn-on to me,
but I had no desire to drown, and I wanted to be sure I could breathe
inside the washer while it was running.

The machine was a front-loader, with a \*big\* drum. There were three
angled paddles around the inside of the drum to agitate the clothes as
the drum rotated. Except for the paddles, the rest of the drum was
perforated with small holes to drain the dirty water out, just like a
home Maytag. The door was circular, with a glass window. It opened
to the side, and latched shut with a mechanical handle like the kind
on a walk-in freezer.

We ran the machine through several cycles, at all the different
settings. We also made \*damn\* sure my girlfriend could stop it and
get me out if I got into trouble. Most important, we figured-out how
full it would get at each setting. For a "small load" it only filled
about 1/3 of the way up the glass. A "medium load" was about halfway.
A "full load" was exactly that, full almost to the top. It was
obvious that the "full" setting was impossible. The "small" setting
looked pretty easy, and "medium" looked manageable.

All week long, my girlfriend has been asking me if I was sure, if I
really wanted to go through with it. I doubt anyone here wonders what
my answer was.

Last night, we went back to the laundromat for the real thing. We had
everything we needed; a laundry basket full of her dirty clothes, a
box of Tide, a bottle of Downy, and plenty of quarters for the
machine. And me. It was after 2am, and there was no one else there
when we arrived.

We decided to be extra-careful, and try it out in stages. First time
in, she'd set the machine for a "small" load and warm water, and let
me out as soon as the first cycle ended and drained-out. I'd only be
inside for about seven minutes, and she'd be there to get me out right
away if I pounded on the door.

I stripped out of my clothes and climbed into the machine, curled-up
backwards with my feet up near my head. It took a minute or so to get
myself positioned inside the drum, so that the paddles weren't hurting
my back. I finally told my girlfriend I was ready. She asked again
if I was sure, but by that point, nothing could have stopped me.

I swear, my heart literally skipped a beat when she slammed the door
shut. I could see her through the glass, and hear her feeding
quarters into the coin slot. I heard a couple of clicks as she pushed
the buttons on the machine, then one last click, and the water started
flowing in.

Up until then, I'd just been excited and turned-on. But I won't lie
about it: as the water started to rise, I started to get a little
scared. In my mind, I knew it would only fill about a third of the
way up the drum, but locked inside the machine, even that seemed like
a \*lot\* of water. At the same time, the water was warm and it felt
really good, just like a nice, warm bath.

I knew I'd have to time my breathing with the drum's rotation,
inhaling only when my head was above the water line. From watching
the machine before, I'd figured on inhaling once every three or four
revolutions, maybe once every two or three after I got the timing
down. I was ready for that, but I definitely \*wasn't\* ready for the
instant when the fill cycle ended. The water pump clicked off, and
the drum started rotating \*instantly\*. There was no warning at all,
no chance to take a last deep breath and get ready, nothing. The drum
just \*started\*. With me in it!

I was upside down with my head underwater a half-second later, and
then again and again, as the drum got up to speed. I probably went
around a dozen times before I remembered that I need to start
breathing when my head was above the water. It wasn't anywhere \*near\*
as easy as I'd thought it'd be, and for the first couple of minutes, I
swallowed more than a little water.

It took a few tries, but I discovered it was easier to grab a breath
of air if I held one hand over my face; that kept most of the
splashing water away from my mouth and nose when I inhaled. And all
the while, I kept tumbling over and over inside of the drum.
After I'd been revolving for maybe five minutes, I wasn't scared
anymore. I was getting the timing down, and I could breathe OK. It
finally occurred to me that I was actually being run through a washing
machine!

The warm wash water flowing past me felt \*good\*. I tried to
look out the glass to see my girlfriend, but the water was splashing
and sloshing too much, and I couldn't see anything at all. I knew she
was right there, and I knew she'd let me out if I pounded on the door,
but I was starting to wish she wasn't; I liked what was being done to
me, and I didn't want to be able to get out.
Naturally, right when I was starting to really enjoy myself, the drum
stopped rotating. My head was almost under water when it stopped, and
I had to hold my breath for a few seconds while the water started to
drain out.

As soon as the drum was empty, the door clicked open, and
my girlfriend was staring in at me.
I guess I must have had a smile on my face, because her first words
were, "You look like you're having fun! Is this what you've been
waiting for me to do with you?"

I told it was even better than I'd
dreamed it would be, and that I wanted to be trapped and helpless
inside the washer. She said I already was, and asked what I meant. I
told her I wanted her to lock the door closed, turn the washing
machine back on, and then go get herself a cup of coffee; I wanted her
to just leave me there, alone and trapped inside of the running
washing machine, with no way to get out.

Her answer surprised me: "What makes you think that you just weren't?
If you get-off being washed with my clothes, I don't have any problem
with it. But if you want to be part of my laundry, then I'm going to
treat you like laundry. That means you go into the washing machine
whenever I say you do, and you don't come out until I'm finished doing
the wash \*and\* decide that you're clean. It means you'll be washed
the same as the rest of the load, hot or cold, whites or permanent
press, normal or delicates. It also means that you'll be washed with
detergent, and rinsed with fabric softener. I almost never use
bleach, but when I need to, you're going to be bleached. If I have
four loads of laundry to wash, you'll go through the washer four
times, once with each load. From the washer, you'll go straight into
the dryer for a full cycle. And you'll continue to function as my
ironing board. If you want to become part of my laundry, those are
the rules. You decide. Is that want you want?"

I couldn't possibly deny it: I admitted that was \*exactly\* what I
wanted to be, and how I wanted to be treated. Then I started pleading
with her to slam the door, turn the washing machine back on, and leave
me inside of it while she left the laundromat.
This time, when the door slammed shut, my heart didn't jump. I wasn't
scared this time, either; just incredibly excited. I wasn't sure
which was better, having my greatest fantasy become reality, or having
a girlfriend who was so tuned-in and willing to indulge such an
unusual desire.

Before the drum started filling, I heard my girlfriend pushing a
couple of buttons, and I knew she'd changed the washer's settings. 
That didn't bother me. I knew in the future I'd be getting whatever
the rest of the load needed, so I figured I may as well start getting
used to it right away. I wasn't so sure a few seconds later when the
water started to flow. She'd obviously set the machine for "hot", and
that water \*was\* hot! The warm water before had been very pleasant,
but the hot setting definitely was not. The water was \*very\*
uncomfortable, and I could just barely tolerate it. At the same time,
I was incredibly thrilled, because I knew I was trapped in the machine
and couldn't get out.

My second surprise came just a minute or so later, when the water
didn't stop flowing. It kept filling-up the drum, and didn't shut-off
until the halfway point. Like before, when it finally stopped, the
drum started immediately. I was a little scared again at first, but
breathing really wasn't that much harder, even though there was a lot
more water in the drum.

It was still just a matter of keeping a hand
in front of my face, and sucking-in a breath when my head was above
water, at the "top" of the rotation. But I was glad we started with
the "small load" setting; I'm not sure what a "medium" load would have
been like without a little practice first. The "medium" setting in
hot water was a lot more demanding, but I didn't have much doubt that
it'd get me clean.

The second wash cycle ended and drained, but the washer door wasn't
opened this time. Instead, the drum refilled with fresh water, and I
realized that the first rinse cycle was about to start. As the drum
began to rotate, I tried imagine what it would be like to have the
rinse cycle cleansing detergent and dirty wash water out of my hair,
and out of the clothes in the washer with me. As strange as it
sounds, I was starting to \*think\* like laundry.

When the first rinse cycle drained, it was time for surprise number
three: my first spin cycle. WOW! I almost can't begin to describe
it. The drum starts rotating slowly at first, but it builds speed
very quickly, and the force you experience is simply unbelievable. 
I've seen documentaries that showed astronauts in a centrifuge; the
spin cycle in an industrial washing machine has to be pretty close to
that.
It was hard to tell how long the spin lasted, but as soon as the motor
clicked-off and the drum began spinning-down, more fresh water was
flowing-in.

Begin of the second rinse cycle. When the drum finally
stopped, my head was down near the bottom of the drum. I had to take
several deep breaths, and then finally hold my breath until the drum
filled-up and started to rotate. It probably wasn't all that long,
but it seemed like an absolute eternity. Now I really had a good idea
what it was like to be trapped inside of a washing machine, just like
any other article of laundry. And it was AWESOME!

The second rinse cycle was no biggie, but the final spin cycle was a
real ass-kicker. It seemed to last \*forever\*. When the washing
machine finally shut-off and the drum spun down, I just laid there
with my head still spinning. I was dizzy as hell. Not hurt or in any
kind of discomfort, just dizzy and a little light-headed.

That went
away after a few minutes.
I probably laid there for another 15 or 20 minutes before my
girlfriend finally opened the washing machine door. She had a
styrofoam coffee cup in her hand, from Denny's. She looked in at me,
said she'd gone for a little breakfast while the machine was running,
and asked me if I'd had a good time in the washer. I told the truth:
it was the best thing that had ever been done to me.

She asked me if I still wanted to become a regular part of her real
laundry, now that I'd experienced a solo test run. My answer was just
one word: "ABSOLUTELY!"

She walked away for a few seconds, and came back carrying her basket
of dirty clothes. She started tossing the rest of the laundry into
the machine with me, and asked if I'd enjoyed the hot water while she
was gone. I told her I was barely able to stand it, but it didn't
matter: I'd happily be bleached in hot water with a load of whites
every single day.

She laughed, and told me not to worry about that
for now, this load was mostly permanent press stuff, warm cycle.
While she finished emptying-out the laundry basket, she asked what the
"medium" water level was like. I told her it was harder to breathe,
but OK. She asked if the "full" setting still seemed out of the
question, and I told her I didn't think it'd be possible to breathe
with that much water in the drum.

By this time, I was half-buried in blouses, slacks, a couple of
skirts, and even a few pairs of panties. I saw her reaching-in to the
machine, with a plastic scoop full of Tide in her hand. She smiled at
me and said, "This is it! If we go any further it's for-real, and
there's no backing-out. Are you \*really\* sure this is what you want
me to do with you?"

I just nodded. She smiled again, and poured the
detergent all over me and the dirty clothes. She never said another
word; the door slammed shut again, and I heard her feeding quarters
into the machine. A few more button clicks. And then the water
started flowing.
The first time through the washing machine was incredible, but this
time was simply \*overwhelming\*. Just like she said, it was REAL this
time...

I was being washed right along with her dirty clothes. Warm
water, medium load. And even better, there were no breaks between the
cycles. I went through the first two wash cycles, then both rinses,
to the final spin cycle, without interruption. The only time she
opened the door was between the two rinse cycles, and that was only to
dump-in a cup of Downy, most of which splattered all over my face. 
She never said a word to me; just poured-in the fabric softener and
closed the door.

Aside from actually being washed with dirty laundry, the biggest
difference was the detergent. If any of you share this fantasy and
decide to go for it, take care to keep your eyes and mouth closed as
much as possible... Tide tastes awful, and it'll sting your eyes. I
haven't experienced it yet, but I imagine Clorox will be equally
unpleasant, to say nothing of turning me into an instant blonde. 
Downy fabric softener wasn't quite so harsh. On the other hand, the
fact that detergent and other laundry products are unpleasant in the
washer makes it a very "real" experience. It's an incredibly small
price to pay in exchange for actually becoming laundry.

After the machine was finished with the load, it was pretty-much the
same as the first time. I was laying there dizzy and semi-dazed,
thanks to the spin cycle. This time, though, I was surrounded by my
girlfriend's clothes, and we were all clean and sweet-smelling. I
don't believe I've \*ever\* felt closer to her than I did at that moment
(and I told her so later).

It wasn't over yet, though. My girlfriend helped me out of the
washer, and I'll be honest, I was a little wobbly. I'd been curled-up
inside of the drum for a couple of hours, so my joints were kind of
stiff. And the spin cycle takes a few minutes to fully wear-off. 
None of that mattered at all though; it was time for me to be put into
the dryer.
After the washing machine, the dryer seemed almost gentle. The drum
was about the same size, and it also had paddles (but four instead of
three, which made it much harder to find a "comfortable" position). 
My girlfriend put me in first, then tossed her wet clothes in on top
of me. She selected the "medium" heat setting (not for my sake, but
for her clothes-- it's a \*remarkable\* experience to be given less
thought or consideration than someone's clothing).

Even "medium" was
\*plenty\* warm enough.
The full cycle in the washer was only about a half-hour from beginning
to end; the dryer was a full 45 minutes. It wasn't terrible inside of
the dryer, but it wasn't pleasant either. The fact that it wasn't
comfortable just made that aspect of the experience an even bigger
turn-on (just like the detergent did in the washer)...
It's not \*supposed\* to be fun, it's supposed to get the laundry clean
and dry. And I can attest to one thing: afterward, I was cleaner than
I have EVER been in my entire life, and pretty damn dry, too!

Overall, the experience wasn't \*exactly\* the way I'd fantasized it
would be, but I wasn't too far off.
My expectations were both met and exceeded (in large part, due to the
\*incredible\* actions of my girlfriend, and the rules she established--
I never even \*dreamed\* that she would take such an active role in all
of this).
To sum-up the entire experience, I will say -- unequivocally -- that
being inside a washing machine or a clothes dryer is NOT fun. The
operating temperatures are extreme, the chemicals are harsh, and even
simple breathing is a challenge.

But, at least for me, those things
are \*exactly\* why I wanted to become laundry so badly, and also why I
enjoyed it so much. A normal person would probably regard being
trapped inside of a running washing machine to be an absolutely
\*terrifying\* situation, but I've never experienced a bigger turn-on. 
It was everything I'd hoped-for, and much, much more.
At the same time, it was a very, very dangerous activity. I do NOT
recommend that anyone follow in my footsteps. If you're crazy enough
to do so, take \*every\* possible precaution, and I assume no
responsibility for your actions.

As for the future, my girlfriend and I have talked about little else
for the last 24 hours. She now \*fully\* understands just how intensely
I've wanted to be washed with her laundry, on an ongoing basis. I am
entirely agreeable to her terms and rules, hot water, bleach and all.
So that's it. Whenever she does a load of laundry from now on, I'll
be in the machine. We've also agreed that she'll start washing my
clothes, also with me in the washer. It'll be a little bit
inconvenient, since we've only found the one laundromat with the big
washer, but neither of us really mind; I've already explained my
thoughts about being washed, and she seems to get a real kick putting
me in the washer. It's all good!



09.03.14

story continues in [**Washing Machine 2**](washingmachine2.html)

o0o
