---
original_url: https://www.mummified.net/storiessz/weird_science.html
subcategory: Mummified
title: Weird Science
authors:
- Helios
tags:
- Solo-F
- Machine/f
- capture
- wrap
- ducttape
- cocoon
- stuck
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2006-02-02 00:00:00
---

*This story is a remake of "Smart Duct Tape" by Naughtygirl*

Erika relaxed on her sofa, lying down as she read a magazine, sipping a
cold ice tea as she always did on a lazy Sunday when there was nothing to do
after her morning workout. Erika had very short dark brown hair, pale blue
eyes, stood around 5 foot 5 inches tall and weighed around 135 lbs and had a
distinct “tomboy” appearance, even though she was in her mid-twenties in
age. Erika simply wore a t-shirt, comfortable jeans, and a pair of socks; the
typical garb for a relaxing Sunday.

The magazine was full of interesting stories and articles,
mainly about movie stars and celebrities and the silly gossip surrounding
them. Erika’s eyes flicked back and forth as she explored the nether regions
of the magazine, the odd area that she liked most: the advertisements. Here
was where you could laugh at all the so-called miracle inventions, and order
some for an even bigger laugh. Wondrous cleaning products, useful articles
that didn’t even have an address in coherent English to send to for
ordering. Erika smiled over this.
Turning the page, Erika scanned the contents of this new rack of promotional
nonsense, mentally sorting away the advertisements that normally wouldn’t be
worth reading. However, Erika suddenly came across an intriguing article. It
was a simple one that read:
From Omega Tech Labs comes the latest product in home maintenance!
**SUPER DUPER DUCT TAPE**
The only roll that does the job for you, whenever it is needed!
Order now for a revolution in duct tape repair!
*Produced by Dr. I. Bondright. PhD. MD SRT MIT*
Erika couldn’t help but take notice. After all, this guy had more letters
after his name than she had in her surname! The address was also genuine, yet
another surprise. She read it and saw that it was just over the border in the
next state, along with the unbelievable price of only 10 dollars! Erika
fetched her checkbook and within minutes, answered to her compulsive side and
delivered a check and order in the outgoing mail.
Less than two weeks later, Erika arrived at her home and immediately noticed
the smallish but nonetheless bulky package left on her front doorstep, as it
was too big for her mailbox.
“This is it!” thought Erika excitedly as she took it inside, flopping down
onto the couch as she opened the package. Inside were two items: a small paper
booklet, obviously the manual/warranty and a shrink-wrapped opaque package
about twice the size of a duct tape roll.
“Odd.” thought Erika, as she rolled it over in her hands. It was
surprisingly heavy!
Erika then opened the manual, and to her immediate disappointment, the manual
wasn’t all it seemed. It was nothing more than pages of thick card stock,
and only contained three pages stapled together, with no words on the rear
sides of any of the pages. The first page was nothing but a silhouette of a
duct tape roll, and the second page was a thank you note for buying the
product. The last page consisted of three instructional lines. They read:

1) To use the OMEGA DT-2000, remove from wrapping and press both red studs
at the same time until they are completely depressed.
2) Once activated use these commands only. “Here” will summon the tape
roll to whatever position you are. “Fix” will activate the roll to fix
the object. “Stop” is self-explanatory. Adding “All” to fix will
order the tape to auto fix everything in your house needing repair.
3) Warning! The OMEGA DT-2000 will only respond to the first voice it hears.
It is not recommended to try this device out and then give as a gift to a
friend as the device will not respond.

Now Erika was intrigued as she picked up the opaque package. It felt bulky to
her as she slit open the wrapping, pulling it off the device. The device was
essentially a large roll of duct tape that sat on a little vehicle platform.
It was a small vehicle that resembled a tank with small tracks and two small
arm-like claws that were resting on the surface of the tank vehicle.
Erika held the device in her hand. It wasn’t that big, barely the size of a
football. The roll of duct tape was tightly compressed.
“There must be over a mile of tape on that roll,” thought Erika. “Well,
lets test this thing out.”
Erika found the two red studs, and pressed them hard. With a click, they
entered and Erika heard a small whirring. The only thing Erika saw next was a
yellow light lit up on the surface of the tank vehicle.
Perplexed, Erika put the device down on the coffee table and walked out of the
room. Erika walked into her bedroom, stood next to a picture frame that she
had tried for weeks to repair with no success and took a deep breath. Erika
blushed, feeling really silly talking to herself and called out, “Here!”
Without warning, Erika heard a high speed whirring, a thump, followed by more
whirring as the device came toward her. It came into her room at high speed
and to her utmost amazement, actually drove up the side of the bedside chest
of drawers where the picture frame was and waited patiently on the top. Erika
couldn’t help but laugh; it was hilarious! The cute little device had driven
up the side of the drawers unit and waited for her at her command!
“Now what to do,” thought Erika as she picked up the picture frame and put
it next to the device and said, “Fix!” in a firm voice. Instantly, the
device sprang to life, as Erika stepped back and watched in amazement. The
device picked up the frame with its tiny but strong mechanical arms. It placed
it on its front and proceeded to reel out some tape. But instead of just
slapping it on arbitrarily, it cut tiny threads of it, and layered them across
the split in the frame expertly to increase the strength ten fold. The device
picked the frame up and turned it onto its other side. Repeating the process,
the device stopped when it finished.
Erika walked up to the bedside table and picked up the frame, marveling at the
intricacy of the repair. It was incredible. She flexed the frame, testing it.
Nothing gave. The frame, despite having some tape on it was stronger now than
when it was unbroken!
Now was the time to really put this thing through its paces. Erika approached
the device and said, “Fix All!” in a firm voice. The device whirred into
action, zipping down the side of the bedside chest of drawers and rushing into
the lounge. It slowed down and patrolled the room. For the first time Erika
noticed the little electronic eye mounted on the front of the tank that the
roll rode around on. It was searching for something it was capable of
repairing.
Suddenly the device shot off, and Erika raced after it as it shot into the
rear junk room. By the time she arrived, the device was engrossed in repairing
an old toy boat with a broken funnel hanging off it. When it was done it
zoomed off again, leaving Erika to pick up the toy boat. The funnel was
attached with more strength than before, just like the picture frame. Erika
could hear more taping coming from the back patio. This time Erika didn’t
follow it; she knew it was doing it all by itself and it was pointless to
watch it all the time.
Erika went back into the lounge and turned on the TV. In the back of the
house, the device was busy as it looked around its new world. It saw only red
through its robotic lenses. Shapes. Images. Lines. It knew how to recognize
broken objects by visible stress on the edges of irregular lines on an object.
From this image it matched with the other edge and then applied tape in a
unique method to reinforce and repair. It was powered by its own internal
reactor and it had the smartest intelligence chip ever created. It had the
unique ability of a machine, to be able to learn ways to perform a task. Its
task right now: repair the damaged, wherever they may be.
The device moved slowly around the house now, from room to room, using its
optical eye to scan and monitor everything. All that it saw was being
catalogued and filed away in its own little microchips. It moved into the
bathroom and saw a mirror had fallen from its mounting and was resting in the
cabinet now. The device identified where the mirror had been and formulated a
repair method. It would turn some of the duct tape into a super strong
double-sided applicant and affix the mirror back to the wall, using the
existing screw holes and screw plugs as a support for the mirror's weight. The
device set to work and ten minutes later it was finished.
Almost like an artist, the device rolled back slightly and scanned its work.
Checking for stress, it saw plenty of invisible stress but it was uniform,
consistent and not getting any stronger. The repairs were finished and the
device moved down the wall, and along the floor out of the bathroom.
Identifying two repairable objects: the microwave heat seal and a power cord
from a hand held mixer.
Despite their appearance, the arms on the front of the little vehicle were
incredibly strong. It picked the electric mixer up around the rod shaft
emerging from the motor and pulled it, cord and all onto the floor. Now it
showed true brilliance. The device identified from its sensors the exact wires
to reconnect and in which order. It wrapped each wire individually with a
single layer of tape before wrapping all three in a double layer of tape to
insure they wouldn’t come loose again. It identified the on switch and
depressed it, awaiting the anticipated noise. The mixer whirred into action
and stopped as soon as the device turned it off. Success logged, onto next
repair: the microwave oven. With effortless determination, the device went to
work repairing the old worn heat seal on the rear of the microwave, but what
it got was far from what it expected.
As soon as the microwave whirled into action, it bombarded the poor little
device with short wave energy, leaking through the duct tape seal. While duct
tape makes a good heat seal and bonding agent, the device wasn’t radiation
proof and this was something the little device had not been programmed for.
Inside the device’s chassis electrical energy was flying all over the place
being directed and redirected by the radiation. The microwave turned off after
ten seconds of activity, but device was still feeling the effect of all the
short wave energy. Finally, the device’s internal computer shut down and
fell quiet.
From the living room where Erika lay quietly watching the TV, she overheard
the mixer turn on and off, then a little bit later heard the microwave turn on
and off, although, there wasn’t a whirring noise to follow, indicating the
device she bought was on the move again. Erika’s senses went on high and she
listened intently waiting for something to happen. Erika turned off the TV and
got up and to look where the device had gone, heading immediately for the
kitchen since that’s where she had heard the activity last and spotted it
lying on its side on the counter near the microwave.
Picking the heavy tool up, Erika noticed that the light was still lit but it
was blinking and another light next to the “Reboot” button was now lit.
Erika put the device down on the floor, upright and walked six feet away and
called out, “Here!”
Nothing happened. There was no point referring to the ridiculously short
manual, so Erika picked the device up in her hands and did the only sensible
thing. Pressed the two red studs in again.
The computer core activated upon receiving fresh energy from the reactor and
initiated its boot up sequence:

Check arms........OK
Check motion....OK
Check memory...OK
Check primes.....FAIL FAIL FAIL

In response to this, the computer activated its failsafe subroutine and loaded
a new set of prime directives, which were rules the computer must NOT ever
break. However, this time one was missing.

1. Shut down in case of failure.
2. >>> EMPTY <<<
3. Dormant mode upon completion of task.

The computer accepted this as it completed boot-up going into ready mode.
However, what Erika didn’t know was that the missing directive was:

2. Organic life is not repairable and not to be treated for repair.

The device now awaited its owner’s next command.
Erika walked away from the device, and called out over her shoulder, “Fix
All!”
The device activated and got back onto track, as Erika returned to the living
and turned the TV back on to watch the next program. Strangely enough, though,
Erika felt as if she was being watched. Erika turned around to see that the
device was positioned in the door way that lead from her room to the lounge
room. She could hear it whirring away, scanning the room.
The device’s scanner recorded only one repairable object, a slender but
heavily damaged object that was covered with stress lines and stress areas,
inherent to movement which it knew would lead to damage, wear and tear. The
solution: prevent the movement, equalize the stress and permanently seal all
stress areas. It decided the repair method best suited was a complete cast all
around the object since it detected no singular moving parts or power output
throughout the device.

Meanwhile, Erika had gone to her bedroom to change into her
swimsuit, as she planned to head to the pool for a swim. She was planning to
go to the local fitness center, and changed into her aquamarine swimsuit.
Although her athletic body mean A-cup sized breasts, her swimsuit did
highlight her firm buttocks and powerful legs.
Erika returned to the living room to collect her things, but then overheard
the sound of the device again.
Erika raised one eyebrow in skepticism as the device moved directly towards
her busily playing with its duct tape roll, reeling out a length. It moved
right up to her ankles and planted the end of the duct tape on her ankle. At
first Erika thought this was odd but when the device took off and ran around
her at high speed, binding her ankles together. Erika yelled as she fell over.
The device was pulled off its course and fell on its side. It immediately used
one arm to lever itself up but now the repair target had changed shape. In its
view screen Erika was now with several largish bumps and not tall anymore,
requiring a new repair method. Using its arms, it severed the length of tape
from its roll and backed off to scan for a new method of repair.
Erika freaked out, having fallen over and had her ankles taped together
tightly, she was scared now. Erika tried to stand up but it was too difficult,
managing only to fall down again. Erika quickly crawled together on her hands
and knees to her room and slammed the door, sitting up against it to bar
entrance. Breathing heavily and shaking, Erika found the stray edge of the
tape and began to unwind it from her ankles, amazed at how much tape was on
there in such a short time of wrapping.
Erika peeled off about three yards of tape and wound it into a tight ball,
throwing it into the corner.
“Why did it attack me?” wondered Erika. All Erika could imagine was that
the device must have been damaged somehow and by starting it up again, she
only made it worse. Now, Erika had to find a way to stop it. A pint-sized
machine with an attitude problem wasn’t going to hold her captive in her own
home.
The device patiently waited outside the door as Erika turned the handle of the
door, maintaining pressure on the door, as she peeked out into the lounge
room. Strangely enough, the house didn’t seem to be hers. It seemed
different, almost as if she awakened in a stranger’s house. Erika allowed
the door to come open half way, her foot still wedged behind it to allow her
to regulate how far it was allowed to open.
There was still nothing; perhaps the device was broken again. Erika knew it
wasn’t, as she saw the TV stand had been repaired. That was new, so it was
still out there, somewhere, waiting for her.
“What did it want?” wondered Erika as she cautiously stepped out of the
door, taking with her a sharp knife she took from the kitchen although she
preferred a baseball bat but didn’t have one.
Erika emerged into the living room as she looked under the table at the end,
hoping to see the device, but saw nothing. Wherever it was, it was hidden.
Erika walked slowly to the end of the living room, when she suddenly heard a
noise that sounded like clicking.
The clicking sounds became faster and louder; it was approaching her!
Erika prepared the knife, ready to use it if needed.
Then, from around the corner came: a toy wind-up dog. It was a cute little toy
she had received as a novelty gift years ago. However, it wasn’t making a
barking noise. Erika picked the little toy dog up, and turned it over, its
legs still thrashing about. The batteries were fine, but there was still no
bark. Erika’s eyes scanned around the toy until suddenly...
WHUMP!!
Erika fell flat on her back as something flew around her waist and dragged her
down to the carpet. Erika screamed, dropping the knife as she struggled to see
what had dropped her like that. Erika twisted around and thrashing around like
fish on a deck. Erika caught a glimpse of a strange hopping thing but that was
all, a glimpse.
Erika became aware now, during her frantic struggles, that something had bound
her legs together tightly. She knew it was the device and reached over to pick
up her knife where it lay. Just as her hands just managed to clasp the handle
of the knife as another streamer of blue duct tape flew over her wrists and
hand. It seemed to pull tight immediately, hugging it to her side.
More tape flew in front of her field of view, this time it landed over chest,
further pinning her arms down at her sides. It had wrapped itself around just
once and now Erika felt she was losing this fight. The dog was just a
diversion and the device had ensnared in sticky blue duct tape. Her arms were
almost useless, having been pinned to her side by a wide strips of tape as the
device continued wrapping more and more around her.
“HELP! SOMEBODY!!!!” yelled out Erika desperately, realizing that her
house was too far away from any neighbor to hear.
“What IS this stuff?” grunted Erika, struggling to her feet, desperately
trying to hop away.
Erika was helplessly cocooned by the blue duct tape wrapping. Her legs were
pulled so tightly together now that her poor crotch was flattened between her
thighs, with her vagina’s wetness trapped in a tight but tiny gap just below
her crotch. The device kept wrapping though, binding her cocoon as Erika
couldn’t move her arms or legs out.
Erika stood there like a cocooned mummy, desperately trying to hop to the
front door and somehow escape. She tried to test her bonds but they were so
absolutely tight that no give was found, not a slightest bit at all. While
frightening, it was equally the most incredible sexual feeling she’d ever
had! Helpless, wrapped, and impossible to escape; it was strangely sensuous.
Erika’s hobbled along only to be tripped up by the device as she fell onto
one of her loveseats.
“Let me go this instant,” ordered Erika, desperately trying to reason with
the insidious device.
The device hopped back up onto its usual position, working itself up the
loveseat and noticed that Erika’s feet were still free as it began unrolling
some more duct tape.
“NO! NO, DON’T!!!!” exclaimed Erika as the device wound the tape around
her feet, binding them up down to her toes. Erika was mummified from her
armpits down to her toes, tightly restrained beyond words as she strained
against her bonds.
Finished with its work, the device dropped to the floor as it stopped still
and began whirring. Inside its hull, the device's computer checked its code.
The trigger order, “Fix all” had been commanded and therefore the program
was set. Now that the program was over, the device went onto a special
program. This was only meant to be executed at the end of the first fix all.
Now that it was ended, the device played via audio a message from its creator
designed to promote the device.

“GREETINGS CUSTOMER. I AM PLEASED THAT YOU HAVE PURCHASED THE OMEGA
DT-2000 AND HOPE IT HAS SERVED YOU WELL.”

Erika heard this audio playback and thought, “Serve me well my ass, it
served ME into this situation!”

“THE TRIAL PERIOD FOR USE OF THIS DEVICE IS UNFORTUNATELY OVER NOW. SO DUE
TO THE HIGH COST OF PRODUCING THIS DEVICE, I WOULD ASK THAT YOU FORWARD $500
DOLLARS TO THE PLACE OF PURCHASE IN EXCHANGE FOR A RENEWAL CHIP THAT WILL
ALLOW YOUR OMEGA DT-2000 TO RETURN TO NORMAL SERVICE. IF YOU DECIDE TO
PURCHASE THE UPGRADE CHIP, YOU WILL HAVE ACCESS TO OUR SERVICE AND HELP LINE
FOR ANY MAJOR DIFFICULTIES YOU MAY HAVE. BUT FOR BASIC PROBLEMS, JUST
REMEMBER TO TELL YOUR DEVICE TO STOP.”

“AAAAAARRRRGGGGHHHH!!!!” yelled out Erika angrily, thrashing about on the
loveseat. After the Omega DT-2000 finished with Erika, it shut down and
awaited its owner to either upgrade the unit or throw it out with the trash.
Erika lay there, as she scanned the clock, seeing that she’d been mummified
for at least an hour. After the announcement from the machine, a million
thoughts had run through her head, with none of them helping. She was
mummified in duct tape, and wrapped so tightly she couldn’t move a muscle.
Erika realized she would probably die of hunger before anyone found her and
was just waiting for it to come. Her stomach rumbled yet again and caused her
to wriggle slightly.
As she rocked slightly from side to side in discomfort, Erika felt her muscles
strain as she struggled away, but was still unable to get loose. Although, in
a small recessed corner of her mind, Erika loved being like this. Wrapped
tightly and absolutely helpless. If only a man could find her now; but she
knew this was a stupid fantasy. Right now Erika praying for someone to find
her soon; anyone!
Meanwhile, the nearest house to Erika’s, Mrs. Harris, a middle aged widow,
was watching TV, and relaxing. She was tired after a long day at the community
relief center where she worked dispensing food to needy people, and she looked
forward to watching her favorite evening program. While watching the show, it
suddenly occurred to her that she hadn’t seen Erika at all that day.
Normally, Erika would come over on some nights and they would share coffee
watching the show, taking every opportunity to ridicule the pathetic scenarios
that the group of actors kept getting into.
Mrs. Harris felt alone all of a sudden and decided to ring Erika and see if
she could come over as she dialed the phone. However, no one answered. Mrs.
Harris looked at the clock: it was 7:35 PM.
“Where on earth would Erika be on a night like this?” wondered Mrs.
Harries, looking out the window and seeing her car still parked in her
driveway. She didn’t recall anyone pulling into her driveway, and was
beginning to feel that something was not right. Mrs. Harris resolved to keep
trying her number until she managed to get hold of her, hoping that she was
okay, and it was just her overactive imagination at work.
Erika almost jumped out of her skin when she heard the phone ring, listening
helplessly to its ringing until eventually it stopped.
“Who could that’ve been?” wondered Erika, with a faint glimmer of hope
forming in her mind.
“What if the person rang back again later, and again, and kept ringing until
they finally decided to come over and talk to her personally. Maybe they might
peek in the window, and maybe they might see me! And rescue me!!”
Mrs. Harris put down the phone for the third time. Although nothing had
changed between her first and last calls, she was more frustrated and worried
than ever before. All sorts of scenarios were playing through her mind, and
she was beginning to feel very scared for Erika.
Mrs. Harris was almost beside herself with fear and worry, and she had made up
her mind that first thing in the morning she would go over and find out if
Erika had left a note or something to indicate where she was. As she walked up
Erika’s driveway, Mrs. Harris made note of the drawn curtains and
automatically knew that if she wanted to see inside, she would have to find a
way in. She knew breaking in was illegal, but what if Erika had fallen and
hurt herself, or if she was sick or worse!
From her place in the living room, Erika thought she heard the click clack of
high heels outside her house. Erika was tied up tight for more than a couple
of hours now, that wasn’t even sure if the sound was real, or just in her
imagination. Erika waited, and hoped it would come again. Inside her mind,
Erika prayed that it was someone who would help her.
Outside, Ms Harris approached the rear bedroom and went to the first window.
She knew that by pressing it in slightly she could bypass the window lock that
Erika had installed in just the right way to deny entry to anyone who didn’t
know precisely how to bypass it. Erika had once shown Mrs. Harris this, in
case she was locked out of her own house and needed somewhere to go inside.
Mrs. Harris placed her palms carefully on the glass and pressed inwards, until
she heard the faint click that signaled the failure of the locking mechanism.
Mrs. Harris lifted her arms up, and slowly the window opened upwards, until it
was fully open. Mrs. Harris bent down and pushed one leg inside, then
supporting her weight, she managed to edge the rest of her inside.
From the living room, Erika heard the window open and knew someone was now
inside. She really didn't care if it was a burglar or anyone; she just wanted
help!
“HELP!!!! HEEEEELP!!!” cried out Erika.
Mrs. Harris entered the living room, realizing that the blue cocoon in the
loveseat was Erika!
“What happened?” asked Mrs. Harris as she got a pair of scissors, and
began cutting Erika free. Finally, she was saved.
“It’s a long story,” muttered Erika, embarrassed.
