---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/shelostthebet2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'She Lost the Bet 2: Another Lost Bet'
authors:
- Jon Deets
tags:
- M/f
- M+/f
- slave
- costume
- strip
- fondle
- bond
- gag
- lapdance
- oral
- sex
- group
- cons/reluct
- XX
---

(story continues from [**She Lost the Bet**](shelostthebet.html))

A Sequel to "[She Lost the Bet](shelostthebet.html)"

**Part 2: Another Lost Bet**

I honestly thought that my wife would never bet me again after our last little episode. But she can be somewhat of a slow learner. This time the bet was over the movie-line "take me to bed, or lose me forever."

"An Officer and A Gentlemen", she cried out.

"I don't think so", I said.

She immediately said "I will bet you anything, yes, including being your slave again".

"Are you sure", I asked?

"You remember last time"?

"Positive!" came the smug reply.

"Hmmmm", I said, "I sure thought that line was in "Top Gun".

"Shit!", she said, and turned somewhat pale. I told my wife that she should rest up, drink lots of liquids, and save her strength for a long night, and then I immediately began making plans.

That Saturday night I had six guys over for a high-stakes poker game. The stakes were high both in terms of the money involved, and also for my wife. I had selected her outfit for the evening based on a thorough anaysis of Las Vegas cocktail waitress dresses, and ultimately had gotten her an outfit from the "Paris" casino. I liked the fact that the outfit essentially has a "collar" (she is a slave, after all), and I like the Gendarme-style hat. As my wife bustled around taking drink orders and grabbing snacks for the guys, the game began with me being the dealer.

After a few rounds of drinks, and a few hands of "Hold 'Em", I explained to the guys that the "stakes were going up" as the old saying goes, and that in addition to the winner of each hand getting to take the money, they could also tell my slave to remove one article of clothing and have her sit on their lap until the next hand was played. "Awesome" was the universal response. John won the next hand, dragged the money, and told my wife to remove her jacket and come sit on his lap. John is a little shy, and thus just copped a quick feel or two of my slave's breasts but did not get very aggressive. Tom won the next hand and told my wife to take off her top which, because the outfit has a built-in bra, left my slave's wonderful perky breasts exposed to the world. On the very next hand, two things happened: Jim went "all in" and lost, and Joe won the hand.

"Okay guys" I said, "I think we need a two minute break any time someone is out of the contest, so Jim gets two minutes of entertainment from my slave."

Jim moved his chair back a little and my slave immediately gave him two-minutes of dirty-dancing that would make even a Russian topless dancer proud. Then Joe told my wife to remove her black panty-hose and come sit with him. By now the guys were getting a little bolder and Joe casually fondled my slave's breasts and upper thighs during the entire hand. On the next hand, two more of the guys went "all-in" and lost, which led to four minutes of sexy, skanky, slutty dancing - man, can my slave be sultry- and since Joe had won the hand again he said "off with the bottoms."

Again, since panties are not part of the outfit, my slave's beautifully trimmed quim was now exposed and the only remaining items of clothing she had on were high-heels and the hat. As the dealer, I felt compelled to remind Joe that his right hand needed to stay above the table at all times since he played cards only with that hand, but based on my wife's squirming during the hand I feel certain that some fingers from Joe's left hand were inside my slave's clit. John went "all in" on the hand and lost, which left only Tom and Joe in the contest. My slave gave John two minutes to remember and apparenly Joe's fingers had had some positive impact during the previous hand, because she left a lot of juices on John's shirt and pants.

Tom had won the hand and said "off with the shoes" and so the high heels came off leaving just the hat. "Gents", I said, "since its now mano-y-mano" and down to just two players, I am calling a five minute break to prepare my slave for her duties tonight"

With that, I led my wife to the bedroom and quickly helped her put on leather wrist cuffs, ankle cuffs, a collar, and a leash. Because the collar has a nice metal "O" ring on it, I also attached a nice riding crop, a flogger, and some nipple clamps. I thought seriously about putting a blindfold on my slave, but decided that part of her evening should be that she would be allowed to see the naked lust and desire of my card-playing friends. For the very first time that evening, her resolve to be a good slave and to honor her bet slipped a little bit and she whispered "please don't make me go through with this, I beg you."

I gave her a withering look, led her out to the card table and said "Let the final rounds begin...winner takes all which includes not only the money, but also the use of this slave for the evening."

With that statement, I tied off the leash to the table. locked the ankle cuffs together with one lock and the wrist cuffs together with another lock, and threw the keys onto the middle of the table where the pot of money would be. Tom and Joe sobered up instantly, their eyes became unreadable, and tension filled the air like it was the final round of the World Series of Poker. The game went back and forth for about 20 minutes while my slave stood tall, proud and naked except for the hat and the bondage gear. Finally, both players went "all in"...Tom turned over three kings and then Joe slowly, ever so slowly, turned over three aces. With an exhultant shout, Joe reached for the money and put it away, and then turned and faced my wife/slave and asked "what would you like to do tonight, slave, would you like to fuck me?"

Now I have trained my slave extremely well. She knows the ONLY appropriate response is to say "whatever you wish, Master." However, whether she had had too much to drink, or wasn't thinking, or was just swept up in the moment she mumbled "sure."

Joe was incredulous. "Sure?", he responded. No "Master"? No "As you wish"?

The color drained entirely from my wife's face as she realized her mistake. Joe stated "now you've made me angry. I was going to just keep you for myself tonight, and make it fairly easy on you, but now you have gone and pissed me off."

"Gents", he continued as he looked at the guys, "everybody gets a piece tonight, lets wear this slave's cunt out".

Joe untied the leash and unlocked the locks, and my wife immediately tried to bolt for the front door. The guys were on her like a pack of wolves on a deer, and the slave was quickly attached to spreader bars at her ankles and wrists, with her arms tied above her head to a secret little chandelier hook I showed the guys. The guys took turns warming up my wife's body with the flogger and the whip, and the nipple clamps had a chain with weights attached to it such that my wife had to choose between standing still and taking the whipping without moving, or jumping around to avoid the next blow and feeling like her nipples were on fire.

After the appropriate warm up time, Joe had four of the men take their pants off and sit on chairs and had my slave give each one a slow and sensual blow-job. He also let Tom fuck her from behind, doggie-style, since Tom had been the last man out. Joe finally said, "alright guys, carry her to the bedroom and tie her spread-eagled to the bed, it's my turn."

When that was done, Joe got undressed and son-of-a-gun if he didn't have a monster that would be at home in an NBA locker room. He proceeded to fuck my slave for at least thirty minutes as she thrashed and moaned, and then each of the guys went back for Round Two in order to fulfill Joe's command of "wearing this slave's cunt out". Shortly before dawn, all of the guys were exhausted, and they carried my slave outside to our back deck which is in plain view of many houses and overlooks a canyon. They then locked my wife up tight to the railing. naked as a Jaybird, and in full view of the neighbors once the sun came up.

Amazingly, the hat was still on her head (special hairclips, I later learned). With that done, they said their thanks and goodbye's to me for a wonderful evening.

"Wait a sec, guys, I said, "where are the keys?"

Joe laughed heartily and said "right here" as he reared back and threw them as far out into the canyon as he could.

"Well slave", I told my wife, "I will run to the hardware store when it opens and buy a hacksaw to cut off the locks or a leather cutting tool to cut the restraints off of you, but should I wrap a blanket or something around you so we don't shock the neighbors?"

"Yes, oh please yes" was her response.

"Well", I said, "I can see that you need slave remedial training, since the ONLY appropriate response to my question is "whatever you wish, Master".

With that, I left my wife on the back deck, naked and forlorn, thinking about whether to ever ever ever bet me again.

10.01.12

story continues in [**She Lost the Bet 3: The Third Lost Bet**](shelostthebet3.html)

o0o
