---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Shipping Terminal
authors:
- Subdriver
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- boxed
- transported
- stored
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2004-09-06 00:00:00
---

By nine-thirty this morning my wife was showered and ready for her day
to begin. We had discussed several possible scenarios for the day, but
she did not know which one was to be her fate. She knew only that she was
to be bound, gagged, and fully filled nude, then packed into a cardboard
box and transported to another location for extended play.

I began by binding her wrists in front of her, a rare deviation from
my much preferred hands-behind-the-back position of choice. Having her
arms in front was necessary however, as I knew from previous experiences
that the box was so small that she would need to tuck her arms between
her legs if the box was to be closed. I then gagged her by packing her
mouth with a nerf ball, securing it in place with several yards of elastic
bandage wound around her head. Extended packaging does not seem complete
unless the slave is thoroughly filled and sealed. A butt plug and a dildo
filled that need, and her, quite nicely. A nice, tight crotch rope made
certain that her packing was held securely in place.

Once she was nicely filled, she was ready to be packaged up. I had her
sit as I tied her into a lotus position, with her wrists tied to her ankles
crossed in front of her. I then lifted her into the box, placing her on
her back in the container. In preparation to bind her into this position,
I had draped several strands of rope across the empty box. With the rope
now under her in the box, tying her into the severely folded position was
easily accomplished by simply pulling the rope through itself and drawing
it tightly around her.

I then closed the box up and taped it shut. The box measured 30"x18"x12"
and was an extremely tight fit. I had to force the flaps shut, securing
them closed with strips of tape pulled tightly across the width of the
box. Once I had the flaps held closed, I was free to begin winding tape
around the entire box, across its width at the center and at each end.
I then repeated the process along the length of the box, until the box
was secured with nine bands of tape, each wound around the box many, many
times. Escape was now impossible for her.

I taped a shipping label to the outside of the box, addressed to some
friends in another city, one hundred fifty miles away. Inside the box,
she was moaning softly as I told her to whom she was now addressed. Finished,
I sat back and waited. At a quarter to twelve, a mutual friend of ours
arrived, and together we loaded the package into his SUV. With the back
of the truck open, we stood next to the box and discussed the best way
to get her to her destination. Since our friend had come over on his lunch
hour, we wouldn’t be able to deliver her until later in the day, after
he had left work for the day. Obviously, we reasoned loud enough for her
to hear, the best method was to simply have her delivered... tomorrow. Shipping
her, we reasoned, was our best option.

So we drove her to the shipping terminal, fifteen minutes from our home.

Once there, I waited with the package while our friend went in to get
a handcart. While she certainly is not heavy, we thought that wheeling
her into the terminal would accent the “cargo” theme we had going nicely.

She didn’t really think we had taken her to a shipping terminal... until
she heard the automatic doors open. Inside her box, she could hear other
customers being attended to as we waited in line with our nice little package.

Finally, it was our turn. I told the clerk that we had a hundred weight
package to ship. We lifted the package onto the special hundred weight
scale at the end of the counter. The clerk asked if we were shipping the
package by ground or express. “Ground” was my choice. She informed us that
our package would cost $85.70 to ship, and would arrive by six tomorrow
evening.

At this point, my wife was completely convinced that in moments she
was going to be tossed onto a conveyor belt, on her way to spending a night
sealed in a box on a loading dock, before being tossed aboard a truck and
driven across the state.

It was time to let her off the hook. I told the clerk that I only needed
the shipping costs at the moment, so that I could email them to the person
that had purchased the item from me on Ebay. We thanked her, and then loaded
our bundle back into the truck.

\* \* \*

She was really convinced that she was about to be shipped. She said
that she could almost feel what it was going to be like, trapped folded
up her box for over a day, being handled by strangers in distant locations.

Of course, it wasn't over for her. She thought she was going to be taken
to the home of some friends, 150 miles away. When we loaded her back into
the truck, we didn't take her home.

After we loaded my bound, boxed up little brunette back into our friend’s
SUV, I changed the label on the box to one with his address on it. This
was necessary to provide his part of the tale with some legitimacy. Finished
at the shipping terminal, and with his lunch hour drawing quickly to a
close, he dropped me off at the house before heading back to his workplace
with my packaged wife.

What happens next, I should mention, is a result of Feline’s suggestions.
Feline, my wife has you to blame, or thank, for this, as the case may be.

Now back at work, our friend carried the box containing my wife, still
bound and gagged nude inside, into his office. He explained to his coworkers
that he had purchased a piece of art on Ebay for his wife, and had requested
that the package be held at the terminal for pick-up to avoid his wife
discovering it. He further explained that he had gone to the terminal to
pick it up during lunch, and brought it into the office for safety, as
he did not wish to have such a large and tempting package sitting in plain
view in his truck all afternoon. The package had his address label and
tracking stickers on it, and no one had any reason to doubt such an innocent
story.

With that, he placed the box on a shelf in the break room, where it
remained stored alongside boxes of coffee filters and paper cups until
the end of work at five. Inside the box, my wife was forced to silently
endure her imprisonment as employees came and went, stopping for coffee
or tea. Some who had not heard his explanation stopped to read the label
on the box, sometimes shifting it on the shelf to read it better.

A little after five he collected his parcel and, having loaded it back
into the truck, headed off into rush hour traffic towards my home. When
he delivered the package at a quarter of six, I informed him that I “really
didn’t have room to have such a big box just sitting around on the floor”,
so we stashed the box out of the way in a closet before he left.

A short while later I retrieved the box from the closet and unpacked
my tired, stiff, sore, and extremely horny wife from storage and put her
to good use
