---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'I Married a Sex Slave 4a: Tormented Toni'
authors:
- sfmaster@att.net
tags:
- Solo-F
- M/f
- M/ff
- D/s
- cuffs
- collar
- gag
- toys
- mast
- video
- bond
- susp
- chairtie
- bdsm
- crop
- paddle
- tease
- oral
- sex
- voy
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2015-07-25 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**I Married a Sex Slave 3: The Masked Intruder**](imarriedasexslave3.html))

**Part 4a: Tormented Toni**

Toni Martin glanced at the bedroom clock, and was glad that it was after eleven PM. It was a Friday night, and by rights she should have been out partying with her girlfriends. Instead she had something else planned that was going to be far more satisfying than going out and trying to meet a man for sex.

She opened the bottom drawer of her night-table and removed a few of her “toys.” These consisted of a ball-gag, a black leather collar and matching wrist and ankle cuffs, leg shackles, and a vibrator. Toni also took out one of her other favorite toys, a rubber panty complete with a rubber male phallus, but decided she would use it tomorrow when she planned to do some housework. She fondled the rubber cock, remembering the seemingly endless orgasms it gave her when it was inside her pussy.

Still, these were enough toys for now, and she was determined to have a good time. Standing up, she removed her kimono robe, and glanced at herself in the mirror. At 32, she was very attractive and physically fit – dieting and exercise certainly paid off! Going to any singles bar or event would bring no shortage of propositions or pickup lines!

The only trouble was that Toni was bored with regular sex – she wanted something different.

What she wanted – was bondage!

It had all started the day that she had gone out to rent a videotape, and the clerk had given her the wrong tape by accident. She had placed the tape in her VCR without looking at the label, gone to answer the door, and when she returned to the screen here was a woman being bound an gagged by a women dressed in black leather.

Both appalled and fascinated at the same time, she sat and watched the entire tape. Not once, but three times that night, canceling a dinner date.

When the “Dominatrix” (a term that she had learned from a Cosmo article) had finally hung the “submissive” by her wrists the sub had been flogged.

Toni had then found herself masturbating to the image of the woman being “disciplined.” She moaned in tandem with every stroke of the flogger on the naked woman’s body. After returning the tape to the rental store her next visit was to a Porn Shop in NYC, not far from where she worked. Buying a few tapes from the same company, she eagerly anticipated watching them at home.

From watching tapes her next visit was to an S&M shop that she had found advertised in The Village Voice. Walking into the store, with the aroma of leather; latex; and PVC had almost been overpowering for her. Luckily, she was the only customer in the store, and the saleswoman had been able to help her with her first purchases, and even to try on some PVC clothing.

Toni had never felt anything like this sexually in her entire life. She would attire herself like the women she watched in the tapes that she was buying, and then bring herself to orgasm using her vibrator.

Which was tonight’s plan!

Toni first began with the leather collar, which she locked around her neck, careful to listen for the tiny click that would indicate that it was firmly locked. Just to make sure, she tried to pull it off, but it was closed and locked – and wouldn’t be removed until she used to key to free herself.

Next came the wrist and ankle cuffs, and to compliment her nakedness, she put on a pair of slutty four-inch high heels. A twelve inch chain was attached to the “D” rings on her ankle bracelets, giving her the feeling of being hobbled.

Toni then removed a dog leash that she had bought in the supermarket, and slipped the loop over the right head post on her bed. She clipped the other end to one of the metal rings on her collar. She then opened her mouth wide to accommodate the ball-gag, and buckled it at the back of her neck.

A matching short chain soon linked her wrists together, and using the remote control Toni turned on the TV and her new DVD player – one of the more expensive ones that could hold up to three discs without having to be changed.

Bound and gagged, naked and chained, Toni sat back to enjoy a few hours of watching women get disciplined. As the first disc started, Toni picked up her vibrator, turned it on low, and placed it at the opening to her sex, tracing the lines of her pussy lips.

“Mmmmmph!” Toni grunted with pleasure.

Watching the girl on screen being flogged, all that Toni could think was: ‘Some girls have all the luck!’

\* \* \* \*

“Flog me, Master?” begged Connie.

If someone had told me a year ago that my wife Connie would be standing naked and chained between two pillars in our playroom asking to be flogged, I would have probably decked them with a right hook. Instead I now regarded our D/s play as a perfectly normal part of our sex lives.

In the beginning, I admit that I had considerable moral and ethical qualms about what we were doing. Normal married couples simply didn’t have one partner as a sex slave!

Every time that I had placed Connie in Bondage, I wondered if I was really doing the right thing. Even more so when I had her at my mercy, and would then flog and mark her.

Was I doing the right thing in our marriage? What sort of sex life was this?

“Master?” Connie asked, disturbing my chain of thought.

“For that offense,” I said firmly, “you shall be gagged while punished!”

From the many toys hanging on the wall, I removed a penis shaped rubber gag that had an air hole to help Connie breathe. I inserted the gag between her lips, then buckled it at the back of her neck. Connie’s lips eagerly had surrounded the phallic shaped gag as I had placed it in her mouth, and now the power of speech had been taken away from her as well.

“Mmmmph!”

“There now,” I said, “that’s much better! Are you wet between your legs, slut?” I asked.

I inserted two fingers of my right hand between her legs, making Connie moan in response. I pistoned my fingers inside her dripping wet sex.

“You are such a bondage slut,” I admonished her, “who deserves to be flogged!”

After I had cleaned my fingers on a tissue, and pressed a half-dollar into the fingers of Connie’s right hand. That was our “Safeword” when we did a scene if gagged her. There would be no mistaking when she reached her limit when she released the coin onto the tiled floor.

“I think the flogger for tonight, my dear!”

I removed the flogger from it’s hook on the wall, and ran its many strands through my fingers. The heavy leather would certainly hurt on impact, and leave a Connie marked as well.

Which was, I knew, exactly the result that Connie wanted. She wanted to be naked and chained between the two pillars in our playroom. She wanted to flogged and whipped – and on a regular basis as well. Lastly, she wanted me to use all of her “holes” as she put it. The more that I used her, the better that she liked it.

“Prepare yourself, slave!”

Thunk! Thunk! Thunk!

Connie tensed and squealed every time the flogger struck her naked body. In the beginning, I always used mild strokes to warm her up – and me as well!

Thunk! Thunk! Thunk!

I watched as small sweat droplets ran down between her breasts, from her shaved underarms, and between her legs.

Thunk! Thunk! Thunk!

At one point, Connie had suggested that she shave her wonderful bush, so that she would totally bare between her legs to show the depth of her submission to me. I had refused, in fact ordered her not to do so. Her luxuriant bush covering her pussy was one of the most lovely things about her, so I commanded her to keep it.

Thunk! Thunk! Thunk!

“Mmmmmmph! Connie cried from behind her rubber gag.

The gag, I had quickly learned, was a truly wonderful device in bondage, because it took away any inhibitions that a slave might possess – not that I believed that Connie had any inhibitions in the first place! It was Connie, after all, that had made me her Master – not just her Husband!

Thunk! Thunk! Thunk!

“Mmmmmph!”

“Had enough slave?” I asked.

“Mmmmmmph!

I knew from past experience that Connie would literally stand here all night and allow me to flog her until her entire body was on fire – then beg me to fuck her on the floor.

I continued to flog her in a series of three strokes each time, taking care that I never struck the same part of her body twice in a row. I would slowly circle around her, marking a different part of her each time. Her underarms, shoulderblades, breasts, tummy, bottom, and thighs all bore my marks.

Thunk! Thunk! Thunk!

“Mmmmmmph!” Connie cried.

“Perhaps we should make this more interesting?” I suggested, “nipple clamps?”

“Mmmmmph!” was Connie’s only possible response.

She stood impassively in her chains as I fastened a pair of clamps upon her already erect nipples, pinching them beforehand between my thumb and forefinger.

“Perhaps a dildo as well?” I asked.

I then produced a black rubber dildo from our toy chest, and slid it effortlessly between her thighs. She moaned quickly in response.

“What a slut you are!”

“Mmmmmph!”

“I know what you require!” I told her firmly.

In short order, I had locked a belt around her waist, and had placed the dildo into a harness. Next, I drew the strap between her legs and inserted the dildo again inside Connie’s sex. Lastly, I pulled the strap between the roller buckles, implanting the phallus within her.

“Mmmmmmph!” Connie cried.

“Bondage slut!” I laughed.

Thunk! Thunk! Thunk!

With her nipples clamped and the dildo firmly implanted in her sex, almost every stroke of the flogger would give Connie an orgasm. From behind her gag, she moaned with both agony and ecstasy at the same time.

Thunk! Thunk! Thunk!

“Mmmmmph!”

I was becoming highly aroused as well by this time!

Thunk! Thunk! Thunk!

“Mmmmmph!”

I paused, and held Connie’s naked and bound body close to mine – I could feel that heat of her naked and punished flesh, and the slickness of her sweat drenched body.

“You really enjoy this, don’t you?” I asked.

Connie nodded her head up and down.

“Mmmmmph!”

I ran my hands over her tummy and her bottom, then pinched the skin between her thighs, making her flinch in her bonds.

“Slave!”

I then picked up the flogger again.

“Shall we continue, darling?” I asked, “the night is still young, sweetheart.”

Thunk! Thunk! Thunk!

Love and pain at the same time! What a concept!

“Thunk! Thunk! Thunk!

I watched in awe as Connie experienced one orgasm after another, as the combination of the flogger, nipple clamps, and dildo, and gag all produced a tidal wave of orgasm that overwhelmed my bound wife with their effects.

“Mmmmmmph!” Connie cried as she shook with one climax after another.

Whether by design or accident, Connie released the coin, which clattered to the floor. I immediately sprang into action, and undid the roller buckle holding the gag within her mouth. Connie took several deep breaths, her chest heaving with excitement from our session.

“Thank you, Master,” Connie said, “fuck me, please, I beg you!”

I removed the nipple clamps and dildo harness, and placed them on a nearby table. Releasing Connie from the columns, I supported her weight as I eased her down to the floor, where I had a mat and pillow waiting.

“First slave,” I ordered, “you must clean the dildo of your juices!”

“Yes, Master!”

I passed Connie the Dildo Harness, and she obeyed my orders as she took the rubber phallus into her mouth, and quickly cleaned it of her feminine secretions. By that time, I was nude, and my cock was fully erect.

“Make me hard as a rock but don’t make me come! Or else you shall be cropped all night!” I threatened her.

Connie obeyed, and soon my cock was deep inside her mouth. Actually, I was having a hard time keeping myself from coming. How else could I respond after what we had done together?

“Enough!”

Connie lay back upon the mat and opened her legs. Entering her was no problem – my cock easily slid inside her wet snatch, and she moaned in response as I began to piston inside her.

She still wore her collar and wrist and ankle bracelets that were a mark of her slavery. The scent of the leather mingled with that of her sweat, making a heady aroma matched by her own odor of arousal.

As a Master I had to learn considerable control myself, else I would have come far too early myself. In fact, I had come in my jeans a few times early in our Domination games while still flogging Connie. There was quite a lot of effort involved in being a Master, I had discovered!

“Aaaaaaah!” I cried, my body about to erupt!

“Aaaaaaah!” Connie cried, her body matching mine thrust for thrust!

Our bodies erupted together in one of the most mind-blowing series of climaxes that I had ever experienced in my life. I wasn’t sure who moaned more – Connie or me – but we sure made a lot of noise together!

This was totally unlike the usual lovemaking that I had been used to – where we were tucked in together in a nice comfortable bed, and the woman opened her legs and just laid there.

I withdrew my limp cock between Connie’s legs, and we lay together, panting in unison.

“Thank was very good slave,” I told her, “let us adjourn to the bedroom where I shall take you again soon!”

“Yes, Master,” Connie replied in earnest.

\* \* \* \*

Sunday was a back to normalcy. Except that Connie insisted on continuing to be naked and wear her collar and bracelets as we breakfasted together.

“Master,” Connie began, “do you know my friend Toni?”

“Sure,” I answered, remembering an attractive well-built brunette.

“I would like to ask if she could witness one of our scenes?”

I very nearly choked on the coffee that I had been swallowing.

“What kind of idea is that?” I questioned.

“Toni and I have been good friends for many years, and she always knew of my little secret. Recently, she began to buy some toys for herself and place herself in bondage and would masturbate while watching Porn films. Now she’d like to see a scene in real life – and we could do one for her!”

“You’re not serious, are you?” I asked.

“I’m very serious – Master,” Connie answered.

“But to have an audience – that’s something else!” I pointed out.

“If we ever get to a public club, then we’ll see an actual demonstration of techniques that other couples use. You will be able to learn quite a lot, Master.”

“In front of one of your girlfriends?”

“Why not? You’re quite a good Master, and this gives Toni the chance to see a loving Master in control of his slave.”

“What will Toni be doing while we’re having our session? Drinking a Coke and eating Potato Chips?”

“Well, you could order her to be stripped naked, and bind her to a chair, with her hands cuffed behind her back and her legs tied to the chair legs, and gag her so that she’ll be silent during the scene, Master,” Connie suggested.

“You’ve obviously thought this out, haven’t you?” I observed.

“This is not an uncommon occurrence in D/s, Master. It is rather obvious to place a guest in bondage to keep them from wandering while a session is in progress.”

“Will Toni enjoy her bondage?” I asked.

“Sure! Until now, she’s only tied herself up, with the key nearby. For the first time, someone else will have tied her up and she will be unable to free herself. I’m certain that she will really enjoy the experience, Master.”

“Let’s take this all the way. What happens if Toni gets so turned on by our little session that she asks if I wouldn’t mind flogging her for a session – what would be your feelings?”

“If you want to dominate Toni and do a session with her, that would be fine with me, Master.”

“You don’t mind if I dominate another woman in front of you?” I asked.

“Well it’s not like you’re going to be having sex with her, Master.”

“But it’s all right to tie and flog another woman.”

“Sam, there’s one idea about D/s that you still don’t understand. It’s perfectly all right for Doms to loan out submissives – its not like having sex. A submissive can be loaned out if a Dom will be going away and their Dom wants to make sure that their sub will be taken care of. Or for additional training, or to learn new bondage techniques. This isn’t swinging for sexual purposes. Greg used to loan me out lots of times to others – both men and women – and in advance the conditions of my loan were explicitly spelled out. None of them used me sexually, Master.”

“How can it not be sexual when you’re running around naked, chained, and beaten with a crop?” I asked.

“It’s not like I was going there just to go to bed with another person.”

“Oh,” I answered stupidly.

“If Toni gets so turned on by seeing me in a session you can either chain me up somewhere, or else have me perform as your assistant. That way you wouldn’t have to get the toys yourself – I could hand them to you, Master.”

“Just like in the movies?”

“Yes, Master, just like in the movies.”

Stranger and stranger!

\* \* \* \*

“YES!” Toni almost shouted in her bedroom after finishing on the phone with Connie.

Saturday night was the agreed upon date for Toni to watch as Sam and Connie perform a session for her. Finally her interest in bondage was going to progress from self-bondage to actually watching a Master and his submissive in action.

She didn’t have to place her hand between her legs to know that just the very idea that she was going to see a real bondage scene in the flesh had made her wet and excited. There was nothing else for her to do about it – except to get naked and give herself a much needed orgasm!

Toni quickly removed her clothes, and opened her goody drawer and removed her favorite vibrator. She lay naked on her bed, and opened her legs. Turning the vibrator ON, she heard it’s familiar buzzing sound and the vibrations in her hand. With her legs spread, she gradually eased the vibrator inside herself, thrusting it within her garden of pleasure. She moaned with excitement as the vibrator pleasured her, bringing her closer to orgasm.

“If only a man could be like this,” she said aloud to herself.

Of the many lovers that she had had over the years, most had climaxed too early for her. Toni wanted a man to stay hard inside her long enough for her to have a modest orgasm – why did men have to come so soon?

In contrast, the vibrator stayed hard at work – at least under the batteries wore out – which lasted far longer then most men could. When she had discovered the dildo harness – which could lock a phallus inside her – Toni had been overjoyed. There was nothing like the feeling of having the leather surrounding her thighs, and locking it around her body – and the forever hard rubber cock inside her would drive her to new heights of true ecstasy.

“Aaaaaaah!” Toni moaned when the vibrator hit her spot just right.

Beads of sweat rolled from her body, between her breasts, down her tummy, between her legs. Her heart raced from all of the stimulation that she was getting from the vibrator.

“Oooooooh! Ooooooh!” she cried, not caring just how much noise that she was making.

Her heart racing from the vibrator, her mind full of visions of bondage from all the tapes that she had purchased, Toni lay on her bed and drove herself to one powerful orgasm after another.

“Aaaaaaah!” she finally cried when the last climax passed through her cunt, and she lay limp and exhausted on the bed.

After she had rested a bit, she cleaned the vibrator off in the bathroom that adjoined her bedroom, and washed herself off with a wash-cloth. Putting on a robe, she walked over to the kitchen, and marked the Saturday on the calendar the date that she had been invited over to Connie and Sam’s house.

She couldn’t wait for the day to arrive!

\* \* \* \*

It was finally Bondage Day! Toni had been in a state of excitement all week since the appointment had been made, and she had valiantly tried to keep her mind off of the evening’s events. To that end she had cleaned her apartment and done all her laundry, even as she mulled over the idea of buying a Maid’s outfit like she had seen on her last visit to the fetish ship in NYC.

She had gone there just to kill some time and see a few new sex toys, and this woman had been there with her husband – and she had tried on and purchased a black rubber Maid’s outfit. Toni had gone jealous – not because she couldn’t afford the outfit, but rather because she didn’t have a companion to share her sex games with.

Eventually, the hour arrived. Sam and Connie would pick her up in their car, and take her to their house. She watched at the window, and the car came at exactly 10 PM as agreed.

Toni rushed out the front door, and Sam opened the back door of the Taurus for her. She slid in next to Connie, who was waiting for her. Sam got into the driver’s seat and they drove off.

“I’m really looking forward to this,” began Toni, “I’ve…”

“Silence until you are permitted to speak,” Sam calmly ordered.

“What?” Toni began, until Connie gave her a gentle poke in the ribs.

Then Toni caught on, and she remained silent. The drive didn’t take long, and soon they pulled into from of their destination. Sam exited first, then opened the back doors for the two women to leave the car as well. He conducted them to the front door, and opened it for them. Soon they were all inside and the front door was closed behind them.

“You may conduct and prepare our guest in the playroom,” Sam ordered.

“Yes. Master,” Connie answered, “this way, Toni.”

Toni remained silent as she followed her hostess down to the Playroom. The last time that she had been down there, the room had contained a bar and pool table. Now when the lights were turned on, she gasped – since it looked like a set from the tapes that she had been watching!

“Strip,” Connie instructed.

“I don’t understand?”

“If you wish to see a session then you must be properly prepared – that means being naked and bound – as I will be. This isn’t a tea party, Toni. Now or never – decide!”

Toni’s resistance had been an act. She would have done anything, and would do anything just then. She just wanted to test the waters.

She had worn a blouse and skirt, bra and panties, pantyhose and a pair of modest heels. It took her just a few seconds to get naked in front of her friend, and there she stood, her breasts and sex exposed.

“Very nice,” Connie observed.

“What do you want me to do?” Toni asked.

“Stand still.”

Toni stood naked as her girl friend removed a collar and padded bracelets from a cabinet, and then Connie locked them on her. Connie motioned her over to a wooden chair, and Toni seated herself. Toni then watched as her legs were opened, and her ankle bracelets were locked to the chair legs. Toni couldn’t close her legs! Then a wide leather belt was drawn around her waist, and the roller buckle closed behind her back. Her wrists were locked behind her back, rendering her totally helpless!

Next a rubber penis gag was produced, and Toni obediently opened her mouth, and the gag was inserted. Her lips enfolded the stubby rubber cock, and she found that it had an air hole for breathing. Toni sat in the chair silently as Connie buckled it at the nape of her neck.

Then Toni watched as Connie stripped off her clothes as well, and she admired her friend’s fit body. Had she not been gagged, she might have gasped when she saw the marks on her friend’s naked body. Instead she stayed bound and silent in her first bondage – which she was determined to enjoy to the hilt!

Lastly, Connie then placed a black leather padded blindfold over Toni’s eyes, cutting off her vision. Toni stirred in her bondage, waiting for whatever was going to happen next.

“Mmmmmph!” Toni grunted.

“Silence!” Connie commanded.

To emphasize her power, Connie reached out and pinched Toni’s already erect left nipple. Toni immediately quieted down.

‘I’m in bondage!’ Toni thought to herself, ‘and I can’t use a key to escape! I’m someone else’s prisoner! Connie can pinch my nipple – or thrust a dildo in my sex – or use a crop on me!’

She heard Connie move away from her, and then nothing! Whatever else was going to happen, she would have to be patient for the rest of this scene to unfold!

Toni waited patiently in her bondage, and she made careful breaths through her nose and the penis gag. She counted the seconds and minutes, tested her bonds without effect, and eagerly awaited the drama to come!

Suddenly (she had not even heard his footsteps) her blindfold was removed! The previously well lit playroom had been darkened somewhat, but she could still see the room.

Sam was now dressed in a black leather vest and T-shirt and matching jeans, and boots. Connie now knelt in the room’s center on a small throw rug, and she was naked and wearing the same collar and bracelets as Toni. Toni observed that Connie knelt with her legs open, and her hands were on her knees.

“Welcome Toni,” Sam calmly began, “you have been invited to witness a scene between myself and my slave wife Connie. She tells me that you two have been good friends for a long time, and have had few secrets between you. Is that correct?”

Toni nodded her head yes.

“Very good. You understand that a slave cannot keep any secrets from her Master.”

Toni again nodded yes.

“Connie has told me that you have become interested in the idea of bondage, and at home you have a set of sex toys and place yourself in bondage. Is that correct?”

Toni nodded yes.

“Very good. What you are about to witness here will be a scene between my slave and me. As my slave, I have the total freedom and use of her body for my sexual use. I can use any of her holes as I wish. In addition, the freedom of her body means I use it to punish her for any infractions of her behavior – or for just my pleasure alone.”

Toni sat in rapt silence as Sam spoke of the conditions of her friend’s sexual slavery to her husband.

“Connie, have you been a bad girl lately?” Sam asked.

“Yes, Master. I overspent my allowance this week.”

“What is the punishment for that?”

“The paddle and riding crop, Master,” Connie answered.

“Very good slave,” Sam replied as he sat in a chair, “you may proceed.”

Toni watched as her friend removed a leather paddle and crop from the wall, then knelt in front of Sam and presented the two implements to him. He took them in silence from her.

“On my lap, slave,” Sam commanded.

Connie draped herself over Sam’s lap, and Toni watched as he offered the paddle to Connie's lips. She kissed the paddle, and he then proceeded to massage her bottom with his right hand. Next, with the paddle in his right hand, he delivered the first blow.

Crack!

Toni’s lips tightened themselves around the rubber phallus, and her tongue ran itself around the fake glans boundary of the penis. She was excited as hell by what she was seeing!

Crack! Crack! Crack!

Each stroke of the paddle was delivered with just a little more force, and Toni watched in rapt attention as Connie’s bottom quickly reddened with each impact.

Crack! Crack! Crack!

“As you can see, I have complete freedom of her body, to do so as I choose,” Sam explained.

He then thrust two of his fingers into Connie’s wet sex, and she moaned in response. Sam then offered his two digits to Connie, who cleaned and sucked her juices off them without even having been ordered to do so.

“I have complete use your body – isn’t that so, slave?” Sam asked.

“Yes, Master!”

“Prepare yourself!”

Crack! Crack! Crack!

If every impact of the paddle on Connie’s bottom left it’s mark on her, it also had the effect of leaving a mark on Toni as well. Toni could not have been any more sexually excited that she was already. Had her bound hands been free, they would certainly have been between her legs, thrusting herself to orgasm. The penis gag also had the effect of exciting her as well, and Toni wished that it was a real cock instead.

Crack! Crack! Crack!

“Connie, do you enjoy your discipline?” Sam asked.

“Yes, Master,” she answered, between strokes of the paddle.

“Which to you crave more – my whip or my cock?”

“Both, Master.”

“Have you spent entire weekends in Bondage?”

“Yes, Sir!” she answered.

“Naked, and collared as you are now?”

“Yes, Master!”

Crack! Crack! Crack!

When Connie’s bottom was a dull shade of red, Sam ceased paddling her and began to rub her sore rear instead. Toni guessed that her friend’s flesh was indeed hot from the punishment that she had just received.

“Kiss the paddle, slave!” Sam ordered.

“Thank you for my discipline, Master,” Connie said as she obeyed his commands.

“You may stand up now.”

Connie got shakily to her feet, and Toni admired her friend’s lovely naked body, which was now going to undergo a more serious trail – the crop!

“How do you feel, slave?” Sam asked.

“Very good, Master.”

“Are you ready to progress onwards?”

“Yes, Master Sam.”

“Get the spreader bar for your legs and we shall use the ceiling chain instead of the columns.”

“Yes, Sir!”

Doing as she was told, Connie removed a spreader bar from the wall, and knelt on the floor, under a chain hanging from the ceiling. Sam walked over and motioned for her to stand, which she eagerly did so. Then her had Connie lock the bar to her ankle bracelets so that she could not close her legs. She raised her hands, and Sam next locked her wrists together and then to the ceiling chain. He walked to a control panel set in the wall, and Connie was slowly pulled taut as the slack was removed from the chain.

“Hanging from the wrists can be dangerous unless special care is taken,” Sam pointed out to his bound audience, “so I never suspend Connie more than a couple of inches off the floor – usually I leave it so that her toes can just touch the floor.”

Sam picked up the riding crop from where he had placed it after Connie had handed it to him when they had begun their scene. Toni could see Connie’s ribcage below her taut skin!

“Are you ready to receive your discipline, slave?” Sam asked.

“Yes, Master.”

“What is your safeword, Slave Connie?”

“Sinful, Master.”

“You know what a safeword is?” Sam asked his bound audience.

Toni nodded yes with her head.

“Good, I see that you are knowledgeable about D/s,” Sam commented, turning back to Connie he flexed the crop, bending it between his hands.

Sam began by running the folded leather tip at the crop’s end over Connie’s exposed and helpless naked body. Even though the lights had been dimmed, Toni could already see that her friend was sweating in anticipation of the ordeal to come.

For that matter, Toni could feel the droplets of her own sweat from her underarms, and between her breasts and thighs. She controlled her breathing, glad they had chosen the penis gag with an air hole, instead of the ball-gag!

Sam ran the folded tip over her exposed breasts, down her tummy, on the outside of her thighs, and finally on the sensitive skin between her legs. Starting there, he began to use the crop like a metronome from music class, striking the inside of first one leg and then the other!

Toni found it all very sensual and exciting! The crop flicked between her thighs, and she emitted low moans in response to its effects on her flesh.

“Aaaaaah!” Connie moaned.

Sam picked up the tempo and force of his strokes, having to bend down in order to punish Connie between her thighs.

“Aaaaaah!”

Once the crop had marked the inside of Connie’s thighs, Sam stopped and presented the crop to Connie’s waiting and expectant lips. She kissed she crop without having been ordered to.

“Very good, slave,” Sam complimented Connie.

Sam next used the crop on Connie’s exposed breasts, gradually flicking the tip onto her flesh and leaving a small red mark behind, then moving from one breast to another. Connie did not flinch in her chains – rather she stood proudly and received her discipline like a woman!

Then Sam moved on and used the crop on the taut skin below her underarms, and left a series of small red marks behind.

“A true Master,” Sam described, “does not break the skin, nor does he draw blood. That is for lurid sadistic novels – not real D/s practice.”

Initially, Sam had been terrified of the basic idea of doing a scene in front of an audience. But with Toni bound, gagged, and unable to interfere, she was the perfect audience! In addition, the months of their D/s sex play had given Sam the confidence and ability to perform in front of another person. D/s he had to admit was no longer something new and strange, but rather had become a normal part of his sex play with Connie!

Connie moaned slightly whenever the crop repeatedly struck her naked body, the crop elevating her to new levels of pleasure and pain both at the time. She was enraptured by her ordeal, made even more so by Toni’s presence.

“Aaaaah!” Connie cried when the crop struck a sensitive spot, making her writhe within her bonds.

Connie’s sexual aroma and sweat combined to form a heady mixture which Toni could not help to smell and be aroused by. Bound in her chair, she felt herself horny as hell watching the scene before her.

Sam had used the crop to great effect on Connie’s naked form, and her white skin was marked red wherever the crop had struck. Shiny beads of perspiration ran down between her breasts and thighs, and she moaned softly.

He finished the scene with a series of harsh strokes that made Connie cry out and jerk within her chains, bringing Toni suddenly to attention – for she had fallen into a dreamlike state imagining that she was the one being punished!

“Aaaaaah!” Connie cried.

“Kiss the crop, slave!” Sam ordered.

“Yes, Master!”

Connie did as she had been ordered to, and her red painted lips kissed the instrument that Sam had used upon her. Sam then proceeded to unlock her from her bondage, and helped her to sit on a chair after her trying ordeal.

“Are you all right?” Sam asked.

“Yes, Master!” Connie answered.

Sam then removed Toni’s penis gag, and she took several deep breaths.

“Thank you, Master Sam,” said Toni.

“You’re welcome. Did you have a good time?” Sam asked as he unlocked her wrists, and then the belt around her waist.

“Yes Master, very nice indeed, thank you ever so much!”

Sam bent down on one knee and unlocked her ankle bracelets from the chair legs, and finally Toni was free of her bondage. Then he stood up, looking at Toni’s naked figure.

“You’re quite welcome, Toni,” Sam replied.

Toni did not rise to her feet, instead she got onto the wooden floor onto her knees, and crossed her wrists in front of Sam.

“Please Master Sam, this humble novice seeks to learn from your experienced hand. I beg that you instruct me and place me in your bondage, so that I may feel your chains and your whip. Please make me your slave!” begged Toni.

All that Sam could do at that moment was to cast a glance at Connie, who was seated in her chair.

Now Sam had two naked women in his house that wanted him to place them in bondage – what was he going to do now?

The End of IMASS4A: Tormented Toni

Attn: Readers please feel free to send e-mail to the author. I do want to hear from you!
