---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Adventures of Abigail
authors:
- ZTVFemdomtales
tags:
- F/m
- bond
- kidnap
- teen
- zipties
- chair
- feed
- straps
- cuffs
- smother
- collar
- sex
- reluct
- cons
- X
date: 2021-06-04 00:00:00
---

My name is Abigail. I am a collector. I collect boys. Not minors, of course, that would be too messy. No, my prey is always eighteen. Boys leave home at this age so no one notices if they go missing. A fate I had planned for Tyler the moment I saw him.

---

"Silberman! Pay attention!"

"Sorry, Coach!"

I need you to understand something before we begin. Normally I'm laser focused when on the diamond. I was team captain after all. No one wanted us to finally reach Nationals more than I did. The problem was the field we were forced to use. We were a small high school so the board had to make a choice between a baseball or football stadium. Guess which one won. For our practices and home games we rented a field in the local sports park. That's where my troubles lay today.

The park was run by Chas Stockly and yes, he's as big a douche as his name sounds. To drum up business he was currently micromanaging a commercial full of bikini models. Needless to say, having them prancing around the place made it hard to focus. Especially with that lead model they hired. She was fairly tall, I'd say just under 5'10", with deeply tanned skin complemented perfectly with wavy dark brown hair that flowed over her shoulders. Her long slender legs and meaty thighs were clad in white knee high socks, wide hips, massive jiggly ass and breasts that could be best estimated as DDs were clad in a way too small white bikini. She was trouble.

We passed by the shoot on our way to the field. As we did she reached out and pinched me on the ass. I jumped, turning back to face her. She just gave me a wicked little grin and got back to work. A little later, while we were in the dugout, she came up right behind me and whispered through the fencing, making sure only I could hear.

"I bet your head would fit perfectly between my breasts."

All I could do was gulp. Well that, and get very, very hard. All throughout the game I would spot her watching me, licking her lips. It was a miracle we even finished the game let alone won, but we did. We were going to Nationals! While everyone else went off to celebrate, Coach Lurie made me stay behind and pack up the gear and take it back to the school. This would help me focus in our next game, he figured. By the time I had everything ready to go I was all alone. Well at least I thought I was.

A pair of slim but strong arms wrapped around my chest pulling me back against what could only be a woman's body. My head became nestled in a valley of tit flesh.

"I was right, your head fits perfectly."

Blushing like crazy I pulled away, turning to face her.

"I thought you guys left before the last inning," I said, trying to regain control of my rampaging heart.

"The others did. I stuck around to watch. I wanted to see if you'd win or not."

"You did? Why?"

"I like to watch your little ass when you run."

The blush was now burning.

"I'm glad I can amuse you."

"Amuse me? Baby, you turn me on."

I didn't know what to say to that.

"Come home with me."

She didn't phrase it as an offer but more as … an order.

"What?" I asked after a minute.

"If I heard correctly you just led your team to Nationals for the first time ever and your reward is this menial bullshit? It's my fault you're in this, after all I was teasing you the whole game, you deserve a reward."

"That's very kind of you, but I can't."

She walked up to within an inch of me.

"Time to go."

She grabbed me, yanked me close, holding me in a bear hug. My face was smushed deep into her cleavage. Surprisingly strong she simply lifted me off the ground and started walking away as if it were nothing. When she finally dropped me we were in the parking lot next to a red Ferrari. She opened the passenger side door.

"In."

"No."

What she did next caught me completely off guard. She pulled me close and shoved her tongue deep into my mouth. She then turned around and climbed backwards into the car, pulling me in with her. What happened next was a blur. All I knew was she was driving away and I had been buckled in, with my feet and hands secured by zip-ties. This woman had just kidnapped me in under two minutes.

Now don't get me wrong, I knew I should have been panicking during this whole ordeal. Though in my defense it is a little hard to be scared when a beautiful woman fondles you through your pants all the way to her house. I have no idea how long it took us to get there. Each time I tried to ask where we were going she would just stroke my face lovingly and shush me like I was a crying baby. She also took the back roads to further make sure I could not find my way back.

When we arrived she pulled some wire cutters from her glove box and clipped the ties holding my feet and hands together. Before I could react she was on top of me again. My face was forced back between her breasts and she led me into the house. She deposited me into a black inflatable chair. As I attempted to catch my breath she fastened my arms and legs into the cuffs built onto it.

"Now you sit there and watch a little TV while I fix us some supper."

She started something playing and sauntered off into the kitchen. Sexy music started playing. Looking at the screen I saw she was playing her demo reel, showing off all her commercial work. That wasn't helping relieve my now painful erection. I looked around the room. The walls were covered in framed poster sized prints of the print ads she'd done. Well damn.

Finally she returned with a plate of something. I didn't recognize it but god did it smell good. She sat down on my lap, plate in hand.

"Open up."

She didn't have to tell me twice. I sat there and let her spoon feed me like a baby. It wasn't like I could really do anything about it. Once the plate was clean she set it aside and undid my restraints.

"Come on, let's get you out of those dirty clothes."

She led me into the bathroom and began running a bath.

"Well go ahead. Take them off."

I blushed.

"I'll wait till you're done."

"Don't be silly," she said, taking off her top exposing her beautiful breasts, "take them off."

I just stood there gaping as she slipped the last of her very minimal clothing off in front of me. Taking a deep breath, hands shaking madly, I took off my clothes.

"There you go," she teased.

She took my hand and pulled me after her and into the tub. She stretched out, forcing me to do the same on top of her, wrapped in her arms, head resting on her breasts. God this woman was just trying to keep me hard wasn't she? We never spoke. She stroked my head slowly as if lost in thought. I almost fell asleep in this comfortable position. Eventually the water turned cold and she pulled me out of the tub with her. I started to towel myself off but she took it from me and proceeded to very, very thoroughly dry my body. Once finished, she wrapped the towel around me, covering my arms. She grabbed two belts that were laying nearby, wrapping them around me, pulling them tight, trapping my arms.

"Now sit here," she told me as she placed me on the toilet, "I'm gonna go throw our clothes into the wash."

I struggled but it was no good, I couldn't get free. It was getting late. Surely someone had to be wondering where I was. That was the problem though, wasn't it? No one would think to look for me here. Wherever the hell here even was. My kidnapper returned.

"My look at the time. We'd better get some sleep. We've got a lot to do tomorrow."

"We do?"

"Oh yes, just you wait and see."

"Like what?"

Instead of answering she pulled me close and dragged me into the master bedroom. She undid the belts, and tossed aside the towel. She slipped a leather strap around my waist, fastening it tight from behind. She then locked my arms in the cuffs on either side, trapping them against my body. As a final touch she locked my hands in the cuffs attached to the front.

"Perfect," she said, kissing on the mouth afterwards.

She pulled me close again and drug me into bed. She wrapped herself around me hugging me tight, my face trapped in her cleavage again. Within moments she was asleep. It was several hours before I could join her.

I awoke feeling strangely cold. It took me a second to realize why. My kidnapper was gone. I was laying naked, alone on the bed. Where had she gone? Why did I want her back in bed with me so badly? Soon enough she returned in the same bikini and socks from yesterday.

"Now I've got to go finish up that stupid commercial," she explained casually, "I'll be back around lunch."

She propped me up against a pillow, and covered me with the blanket. She then turned on the TV and started playing the demo reel again. Gah! This woman was such a tease! She blew me a kiss and skipped out of the room.

When she did I almost cried in relief. Please let this teasing nightmare end.

"Did my little man miss me?"

"Yes."

"Good, because I've missed you too."

She climbed into bed with me, pulling my face into her breasts.

"God, it's like your head was built for this."

Hoping to move things along I started kissing her breasts.

"Now there's a captive who knows his place."

She unhooked me from my straps.

"Come on, you can stretch those arms while I fix you some lunch."

She led me to the kitchen. A small shopping bag lay on the table.

"I bought you something," she told me.

Reaching into the bag she pulled out a pink leather collar. She slipped it around my neck, locking it into place with a small padlock.

"Is that really necessary?"

"Yes, this way you can never lose this symbol of my love."

"Never? I'm not wearing this thing all the time. People will laugh at me."

"Baby, what other people do you think you're ever going to see?"

I began to back away from her, scared.

"What the hell are you talking about?"

She began to laugh uncontrollably.

"Oh you should have seen the look on your face."

"I don't understand."

"I'm just teasing you silly."

She handed me a small golden key.

"You can take it off whenever you want. It's yours to keep, to remember our time together."

"Are you letting me go?"

"Of course I am. I can't take care of a full time hostage. What I need is a willing slave. What you need, however, is a good screw before I drop you off."

Before I could think about what she'd said she drug me back to bed. Tossing her bikini and socks aside she mounted me. I gasped at the unexpected pleasure. Grinning wickedly she began to slowly, painfully slowly, ride me. As horny as I was I should have exploded right there and then but she knew how to keep that from happening. In fact it was hours before she let me cum.

We won nationals! I should have been much happier about that than I was. It didn't really feel important anymore. I graduated with honors but I didn't care. I sat in my room a week later just feeling … lost. My parents had just left for a week so I reached into my underwear drawer and pulled out the collar my nameless kidnapper had given me months earlier and put it on. I wore it whenever I could. It was the only thing that made me happy anymore.

For about the hundredth time I read the golden dog tag attached to it.

> "Captive"
>
> If found please return to
>
> 473B Manchin Ave.

Finally I made a decision. I packed my bags, left a note for my family and drove out to Manchin Ave. I knocked on the front door of 473B. My kidnapper answered wearing a skimpy white dress.

"Well hello there, Captive."

I took a deep breath.

"Are you still looking for a slave?"

She smiled.

"Always."

"God this is crazy. I don't even know your name but I just gave up my entire life in the insane hope you may want to keep me as your loyal and loving slave."

She stared at me for a minute. God, this was a mistake. She lifted up her dress, exposing her white bra and panties, pulled me up against her, shoving my face between her breasts. She covered me with the dress, still holding me tight and, backing into the house, shut and locked the door behind us.

I think I just scored a real home run.
