---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Tough Love Part 6: Party'
authors:
- Graymangazer
tags:
- F+-m
- M+-f
- FF
- D-s
- femdom
- chast
- party
- torment
- cuckold
- oral
- sex
- anal
- group
- denial
- climax
- hum
- cons-reluct
- X
---

(story continues from [**Tough Love Part 5: Humiliation**](toughlove5.html))

**Part 6: Party**

Over the following days things subtly changed, roles became defined. It was clear my job now came second to my duties at home. I did all the household chores. Whereas Lynn previously supervised and on the odd occasion helped me, she was now completely in control of me whenever Lucy wasn’t at home. Lucy no longer gave me instructions as to what she wanted doing around the house. All orders were now conveyed through Lynn, and orders they undoubtedly were. I might still have been a joint owner of our house but I had no illusions as to who was in command and what my position now was.

Lucy no longer consulted me on any decision, whether trivial or important. If she was working late or staying the night at an hotel or such, she informed Lynn and she would pass on a message to me. Next, my door key was taken from me: Lynn lost hers and it was decided that I should give her mine, at least until another could be obtained, but that never seemed to happen. So I now had to rely on Lucy or Lynn to allow me entry to my own home. I tried a few times to resist their authority about something or other, but Lucy always seemed to have a winning argument as to why I should obey.

Lucy also used me sexually whenever she desired. She used her dildos on me most days and I would always lick her to orgasm at the end of any session. I was never allowed to cum and the subject was never raised by Lucy. I never asked for an orgasm, or to be freed from chastity. I was terrified of giving her an excuse to punish me.

Because of my failure in my career and my inability to be faithful to my wife, I became no more than a servant in my own house. But even so I was happy in a strange way. I loved Lucy and she loved me. She provided for me and we cared for each other. The only times Lucy was cruel or spiteful to me was when we indulged in sexual activities. But I soon came to understand that Lucy had found a dominant side to her personality and she was expressing it through her treatment of me. If she felt this was what she needed, who was I to tell her what she should like or dislike. If being spanked or penetrated by my wife kept my marriage safe I could handle that.

I lived in constant hope that I would have my chastity device removed sometime soon. Lucy promised me that I was slowly gaining her trust and yes, I would indeed be free to love her as a normal husband. Until that time I satisfied her mostly with my mouth, licking and sucking her lovingly. After all, with my manhood locked away, Lucy was also going without proper sex.

\* \* \*

Some weeks later Lucy decided to host a party. It was mainly because she had to entertain some Italian clients to finalise a deal which would earn the firm a huge contract. I had no idea who, or how many people were invited, but I spent a lot of time and effort preparing everything to Lucy’s satisfaction, all under Lynn’s supervision of course.

Friday evening, the night of the party, Lucy was buzzing around ensuring all the small details were taken care of. I, of course was kept busy and just as everything appeared to be ready and we were all about to prepare ourselves Lucy approached me.

“John, Stephen and our clients will be arriving in Stephens car and I agreed that you would drive them home after the party, so it would be just as well if you didn’t drink, Okay”.

She was terse and she left no room for argument, I supposed she was a little stressed so I decided not to make an issue of it.

The party was going along fine. Everybody seemed to be happy and having a good time. Lucy had invited around thirty guests, mostly friends and colleagues, and some of her favoured clients. I felt slightly jealous as Lynn and Amy had also invited a handful of their friends. I recognised a few people from work, but I appeared to be the only person at the party without a particular friend. Nevertheless I was enjoying myself. For the first hour or so Lucy and I were just like your normal married couple, she clung to my arm as we mingled and it was as if she had turned back the clock a few months. I felt proud, having such a beautiful wife to show off to everyone.

Around nine thirty a smooth looking, tanned man of around thirty years old approached us. He was very good looking and I immediately took a dislike to him.

He shook my hand and introduced himself, “Hello, you must be John. I’m Mario. I’ve heard all about you,” he said in a thick Italian accent. He was very charming and I could see that Lucy liked him. That made me like him even less.

After a few minutes of polite conversation between the three of us I was called away by somebody needing ice from the kitchen. When I returned Lucy and Mario were still talking. I thought they must be discussing business. I thought it best to give them some privacy, so I tried to mingle with the other guests.

“You have a beautiful house Lucy,” Mario said.

“Why thank you Mario,” she replied. She liked Mario, she could easily fancy him. But her main concern this evening was the fact he was a client who could earn her a huge bonus.

“But I think not as beautiful as you,” he said leaning in closer.

Lucy smiled at the compliment, “and I think you are a flatterer,” she said

“Your husband is a very lucky man” he said gesturing toward John with the hand which held his whiskey glass, “but If I were him, I would not leave your side. I think, maybe I would be jealous with so many other men here,” he now ran his other hand down her back to rest upon her ass.

“John and I trust one another. Besides we have a special understanding,” Lucy made no move to avoid Mario’s questing hand.

“You do?” he asked as his fingers slid slowly between her buttocks.

“Yes we do” she said as she turned to face Mario, “John does exactly what I tell him and I do whatever I want.” she smiled.

“I’m happy to hear that,” he whispered as he moved closer to Lucy, their lips were just a few inches apart, “I was hoping to experience your special negotiating skills that Stephen has told me about.”

“We’ll talk business later Mario, and I promise you, you will have never been negotiated like you will be tonight,” she said huskily, pushing her breasts against Mario’s chest.

“I hope you aren’t going to monopolise our lovely hostess all night?” a voice interrupted them.

“Oh Stephen are you jealous?” Lucy said, moving apart from Mario. She turned to face Stephen, “We were just talking shop,” she kissed his cheek and playfully ran her hand over his crotch.

“Oh no, I’m never jealous. I just need some information. Tell me Lucy, who is that lovely creature over there?” he asked pointing with a jerk of his chin.

Lucy followed Stephens gaze, “that’s Lynn, she’s my housekeeper,” she told him.

“I thought your husband was condemned to cleaning the house,” he said and turned to look at her again.

“Yes that’s correct,” she replied and then smiled, “perhaps a more accurate job description for Lynn would be slave trainer”.

Stephen smiled knowingly, “I see. I was thinking, maybe it would be entertaining to watch a little show, you and Lynn together perhaps?” he said.

Lucy laughed loud, “Well, you really get straight to the point…. hmm… maybe. But I might have a better idea, why don’t you make your way to my bedroom in ten minutes and I’ll see what I can arrange,” she said.

“Am I invited? “Mario asked.

“I’m afraid not this time Mario. But don’t worry, I promise you won’t leave here tonight disappointed,” she kissed him lightly, letting her tongue run along his lips. He responded by caressing her ass.

\* \* \*

“Oh Lucy, you made me jump. Is everything alright?” Lynn said when she felt a hand on her shoulder.

“Yes everything’s perfect. Tell me Lynn, what do you think of Amy?”

Lynn looked over to where the dark haired woman was talking to Barry.

“Amy? she’s lovely, why?” she shrugged., puzzled as to why Lucy was asking.

“Do you fancy her? “ Lucy asked.

“Why would I fancy her? Why do you want to know?” Lynn said. She was concerned as to where this conversation was going.

“Oh come on Lynn, it’s a simple enough question: do you fancy her?” Lucy pressed.

Lynn sipped her wine, “Of coarse I fancy her, wouldn’t anyone?” it was no secret that Lynn was gay.

Lucy stroked Lynn’s arm to reassure her. Although she continually told herself she didn’t fancy women she had wondered what it would be like to take the young woman to bed, she fully intended to find out in the near future.

“Yes I supposed so,” she replied, briefly picturing those times she had gasped in pleasure under Amy’s ministrations, “ look, I don’t really have time to beat around the bush so I’ll speak straight. Stephen, my boss,” she continued, nodding toward where he was talking to Mario, “he’s expressed a desire to watch two women making out, and he particularly likes you”.

“How nice for him,“ Lynn said sarcastically. Then turning to Lucy added more friendly, “the thing is Lucy….. Well, I’d jump at the chance of going with Amy, but I certainly don’t want an audience”.

“I can perfectly understand your reservations Lynn. But please, you must realise, he’s very important to me, and so he’s very important to you. I like to keep him happy, and if Stephen’s happy, I’m happy. Of course, there would be a substantial reward for both of us,” Lucy explained.

Lynn wasn’t sure whether to feel insulted or not. Being offered money for sex like that smacked of prostitution. But surely, Lucy wouldn’t get her into anything untoward would she? She really liked Lucy, she had in fact often fantasized about seducing the sexy redhead, and she certainly didn’t want to jeopardize the ridiculously excessive wage she got for doing such a fantastic job. She couldn’t afford to fall out with Lucy, and would it really hurt if she agreed? Maybe she could just pretend she was alone with Amy, after all it would only be one old man…. Okay, I’ll do it, she thought.

“Okay I’ll do it!” she said

“Wonderful. I knew I could count on you Lynn. Just give me one minute, I’ll be back,” Lucy was overjoyed.

“Just so you know,” Lynn caught Lucy’s arm before she could move away, “I’m not doing this for him or the money, I’m doing this for you,” Lynn told her. Lucy felt genuinely touched. She turned toward Lynn, she smiled and hugged her tightly, then she kissed her on the mouth softly and lingeringly.

“Thank you Lynn, that really means a lot to me,” she said huskily. She turned to go but Lynn stopped her again.

“What if Amy says no? what if she doesn’t want me?” she asked.

“Don’t worry about Amy,” Lucy told her as she stroked Lynn’s face tenderly, “she’ll do as she’s told, …haven’t you noticed? Just give Amy an order, tell her to make coffee or something and her panties become damp,” she turned to go again but again Lynn stopped her.

“Does this make me a prostitute Lucy?” she asked.

Lucy smiled sadly.

“No my love, it doesn’t. It means you’re a slut just like me,” she turned to go but then turned and said, “By the way, trust me, the things that girl can do with her tongue will drive you wild”.

\* \* \*

I was somewhat bored, and talking to Barry ten minutes later when Lucy approached us.

“John, Amy’s feeling ill so Lynn and I are taking her upstairs to my room. I think it’s just something she ate, but we’ll let her have a lie down for a while. Can I leave you to make sure everyone is kept happy? I’ll be back down as soon as I can,” she kissed me on the cheek and left before I could composed a reply.

“Lucy, is there anything I can do?” Barry called after her.

She turned and answered as if she were talking to an annoying child, “no, nothing Barry, you just enjoy yourself”

Barry looked crestfallen. I rather suspected he had a crush on Lucy. I felt sorry for him in a way. He may have my job but he would never have my wife.

\* \* \*

Lucy opened the door to her bedroom and followed the two younger women inside. She closed and locked the door. Stephen sat on a small sofa facing the foot of the bed, he smiled and stood as the three females entered.

“Stephen, I think you know Amy, and this is Lynn,” Lucy introduced them.

“Ah yes, the beautiful twosome. I’m sure it will be a pleasure getting to know you,” he shook their hands in a formal manner.

Both girls smiled nervously. Amy took Lynn’s hand as if seeking comfort and waited for instructions.

Lucy put her arms around both girls shoulders. With her head between theirs, she whispered, “Why don’t you both go to the bed and just do what comes naturally. Just pretend we are not here,”

She sat down next to Stephen as Lynn led Amy to the bed.

The two girls faced one another. They were both obviously nervous. They placed their hands on each others hips and began to sway, as if to some unheard music. Soon they were kissing, their tongues exploring the others mouth. Lynn’s hands moved over Amy’s body. They seemed to forget they had an audience as they moved against each other, their mouths locked together in a passionate kiss, their lips never parting.

Without taking their hands or mouths off one another they climbed onto the bed. They began to undress each other and soon they were left wearing only panties. As they lay on the bed Lynn concentrated on kissing and sucking Amys breasts. Amy lifted her hips and removed her own knickers as Lynn’s left hand found it’s way between the other girls thighs.

Lucy was spellbound watching the two girls and incredibly turned on. She jumped slightly as Stephen grabbed the back of her head with his hand and pulled her toward him. Watching the two women on the bed from the corner of her eye Lucy undid Stephens fly to release his erection. She lowered her head and licked around the bulbous head before sliding her mouth over and down the shaft slowly.

Lucy continued to watch the girls as much as she could while she moved her mouth up and down Stephen’s penis. Feeling so aroused she couldn’t resist pushing her right hand into her panties to sink two fingers into her sopping pussy, causing her to moan lustily around Stephens prick, “God she would be in heaven if she could only have a huge cock to replace her fingers” she thought. Watching the girls was more sexy than she could ever have imagined and the feel of Stephen in her mouth made her realise how much she had grown to love sucking cock. She pushed her head all the way down to take Stephen deep into her throat. As she sucked she idly wondered what effect swallowing a daily dose of sperm was having on her body.

Meanwhile Lynn and Amy were naked. They were now oblivious of their audience as they lay facing one another. They had their legs entwined grinding pussy against pussy. Lynn’s hand roughly kneaded Amy’s breast as she sucked greedily on Amys tongue. Amy’s nails dug hard into Lynn’s back as her orgasm approached, her body stiffened and she mashed her lips hard on Lynn’s face as she climaxed.

She came down from her shuddering high and clung tightly to Lynn, who was still moving her hips against her. Lynn hadn’t climaxed and Amy still wanted another orgasm. She managed to untangle her limbs and raise herself up, she turned around into a sixty nine position above Lynn. Immediately she buried her face in Lynn’s crotch, causing the younger girl to throw her head back in ecstasy in reaction to Amy’s wonderful mouth. She then dived forward to return the favour, lapping and sucking deeply.

Stephen was enthralled by the spectacle before him. He pushed Lucy’s head down on his cock hard with one hand, as he crushed and twisted her breast with the other, using all his strength, he wanted to underline the power he held over her. He climaxed and virtually exploded down her throat, filling her airways with his hot salty load.

Lucy gagged and swallowed as much as she could, trying to clear her throat. She writhed and struggled in pain from the abuse Stephen was inflicting to her breast. Eventually Stephen relaxed the pressure and Lucy was able to lift her head, tears ran down her face. She had thought she was going to suffocate, she gasped for breath as drool and cum ran from her mouth over Stephens half erect penis. He looked down to see the mess and pushed Lucy’s face back toward it. She knew her duty, she licked and kissed him, cleaning away the sticky mess.

The two girls on the bed were cuddling and kissing in their sexual afterglow. Stephen smiled happily, it had been one of the best shows he had ever seen. It had been the real thing and not just poor acting like some tacky strip show turn. Yes he was happy, and all the more so because he had degraded the beautiful and proud Lucy at the same time. Life was good he thought as he stood and zippered himself up. He left the room without a word or a backward glance.

\* \* \*

“How is she?” John asked Lucy when his wife returned to the party.

“Amy’s fine. Lynn’s with her. I think they will be down soon,” she told him.

“Good, I was a little worried, though not particularly because it was Amy,” he added quickly.

Lucy smiled, “he’s such a good man bless him,” she thought and felt a small twinge of guilt for all she had put him through.

“You sound a bit croaky, are you okay?” John asked her, he looked concerned.

“Oh, its alright, just a bit of a sore throat. I think I swallowed something I shouldn’t have,” Lucy said holding back a giggle.

“Would you like me to get you a drink?“ John asked as he caressed her neck gently.

“Oh yes please. I’ve got a taste in my mouth that I just can’t seem to get rid of. A white wine would be nice, but not too large. I still have the meeting with the Italians later and I think it might just get a bit tiring,” she said.

“You work too hard Lucy. Why not let Stephen or Barry do it? you could do with a rest,” he told her.

“I’ll be okay” she said, “they insisted they only wanted to deal with me. Apparently there are things that I bring to the table that no one else can. Oh well I suppose we’d better get on with it. Don’t worry about my drink darling, I’ll get myself something. I’ll go see if they are ready, would you make sure we are not disturbed my sweet.”

“Of course. Don’t concern yourself about anything out here, you just go in there and kick ass,” John said, Lucy hugged him and kissed him hard on the mouth.

“I really love you, “ she said, then left to talk with Lynn.

Lucy found Lynn as she came through the door with Amy. She looked at her assistant guiltily but spoke to Lynn.

“I’m going to my office now. I want you to make sure nobody disturbs us, especially John. Just keep him busy serving drinks or something, or maybe have him tidy the kitchen. I don’t want him enjoying himself just because I am,” she instructed.

Lynn said to leave everything in her hands.

Lucy then went to find Barry. She needed sex desperately. Stephen, as usual, had used her and left her frustrated. She was angry with him for hurting her. She realised some time ago that he was becoming more and more rough in his treatment of her, and she knew it was only a matter of time before he really hurt her. She hated pain but also knew deep inside that she couldn’t resist him, or stop anything he wanted to do to her.

She had felt humiliated by Stephen, she was angry and in her frustration she had tried to sake her lust on Amy. Pulling the naked girl roughly away from Lynn, Lucy had knelt astride the girls stomach. She laughed as she grabbed the unresisting girls nipples. She began twisting and pulling, causing Amy to cry out. Releasing one nipple she reached behind her and began slapping the poor girls pussy wildly. She knew she couldn’t hurt Stephen but she wanted her revenge and Amy was a convenient substitute. She growled as she struck out blindly, wanting to hurt somebody, anybody. Suddenly there were arms around her, holding her. Someone was kissing her cheek and ear, whispering, cooing soothing words. Lucy stopped slapping, she turned her head to see Lynn talking to her. Lucy was crying. She slowly came to her senses and released Amy’s nipple, then she slumped and cried into Lynn’s shoulder as the young girl held her.

“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I hate him, I hate what he does to me, I hate what he’s turned me into. Do you see what I’ve become?” she said between sobs, she lifted her head and looked at Lynn as the tears ran down her face.

“I love John so much. Why am I doing this to him? I should go down and tell him everything, tell Stephen to fuck off,“ she said.

Lynn stroked Lucy’s hair gently and kissed her brow. Now was not the time to start doubting their plan. Lynn was enjoying her life and intended to carry on what they were doing. She already had command of the house in Lucy’s absence, and could see no reason why she couldn’t progress to something more. John was becoming as much her slave as he was Lucy’s, and she planned to have Amy under her control as well. Having tasted the life of luxury that came with working with Lucy she wanted more. She knew, with careful planning and some cunning she could be mistress of this house and all within it. She just needed to keep Lucy on track.

“There now, just relax. You’re angry that’s all. You’ve put a lot of time and effort into this and we are so close now. Just forget Stephen. don’t let something like this undo everything you’ve achieved. I know you love John, we all do! But you know this is the best thing for him: he needs your control. Anybody can see how he worships you, he wants to be your slave. You see how willingly he accepts everything you do to him,” she wiped Lucy’s tears away with her thumb and taking her face in both hands she kissed Lucy tenderly on the mouth. Still holding Lucy’s face she told her, “be strong, go downstairs. Find Barry and the Italians. Do what you planned: get yourself fucked good and proper. Work out your hurt on them: do it the way you enjoy".

Lucy had calmed down somewhat. She sniffed and wiped her eyes. Lynn was right: they had come too far to stop now, John had become so submissive and she herself had grown into a true dominant. She now enjoyed, even needed to inflict pain and humiliation on her husband. The more he submitted to her, the more she wanted to make him suffer. She also loved the sex she was now getting. She freely admitted she was a complete slut: she didn’t care who she had sex with, she just wanted others to use her. Having a cock in her mouth or pussy now seemed like an obsession, and denying John any relief only made her more excited. She nodded in acceptance. She would take Lynn’s advice. She looked at Amy who was sitting hugging a pillow.

“I’m so sorry Amy” she said and stroked the younger woman’s arm, then to Lynn she said, “you’re right Lynn. I don’t need Stephens consent to enjoy myself, I’m not going to let him rule my life. I want an orgasm and I will have one. In fact I’m going to have lots. There are three men downstairs just waiting to give them to me” she declared.

She kissed Lynn long and tenderly on the lips, then climbed off the bed, Amy watched the two of them kiss. She felt a surge of jealousy, but she wasn’t sure which one she was jealous of.

\* \* \*

Lucy led the way into her office. Then closed and locked the door after Barry and the two Italian clients had entered. Mario and Claude stood with glasses in their hands while Barry sat down in a leather armchair.

Lucy turned and smiled at the three men. She knew she was beautiful, she knew they wanted her and now they were going to have her. She decided to forgo any pretence as to why they were there, she strode across the room, turned and faced the men and leaned her backside on the edge of her desk. She wore a dress in her favourite style: figure hugging silk, cut low at the top to emphasize her breasts, and knee length with a split in front. She reached down and grasped each side of the split, she parted and raised her hands to expose her long legs in hold up stockings and panty covered crotch.

“I think we should start this meeting,” she said.

Mario was first to react; he approached her and placing his right hand behind her neck he kissed her hard while he let his left hand roam her body.

Lucy immediately felt herself becoming wet and moaned against Mario’s mouth. She had her eyes closed and soon felt other hands on her body, caressing and kneading. Her dress was unfastened and she allowed it to slide down her body to pool at her feet. Mario stopped kissing her and before she could get her breath his mouth was replaced by Claude’s. Claude was older, around the mid fifties. Lucy wasn’t sure how she would feel about having sex with a man so old, but as his tongue delved into her mouth she found herself sucking on it and kissing back passionately. Claude had a weathered face, he looked like someone’s uncle. He was also the gentlest of the three of them.

Her panties had gone and there seemed to be hands everywhere: at her pussy, her ass and her breasts, all the time and when a hand was removed it was replaced immediately by another, or a mouth sucking, biting, kissing and licking.

Keeping her eyes closed, she didn’t know who was doing what, but she felt she was in heaven.

She was lifted and placed on the desk scattering papers and pens. A mouth was feeding on her naked pussy, it felt gentle and firm at the same time. Lucy guessed it was Claude and looked down her body to see that she was correct. She laid her head back with a sigh. Just before she closed her eyes again she caught sight of Mario’s cock approaching her mouth. As it touched her lips she parted them wide and it slid deep inside. With her pent up frustrations Lucy was soon nearing a much needed orgasm. She sucked hard on Mario, wanting to feel his whole length in her mouth. The tongue in her pussy was doing what was required and she arched her back as she climaxed, filling Claude’s mouth with her juices. She pulled her mouth off Mario’s cock as she gasped for breath. Wrapping her slim fingers around Mario’s erection she slowly masturbated him. Raising her head Lucy saw Barry sucking on her nipple and the top of Claude’s head between her thighs. He stopped his licking and stood upright. He then replaced his mouth with the biggest cock Lucy had ever seen. She had to stretch her long legs as wide as possible to accommodate him, it felt wonderful.

“I must have her ass. Turn her over,” she heard Mario declare a few minutes later. She felt herself being lifted and rolled over. The strong hands handled her like a rag doll as she was placed on her front, but not before Barry wormed himself beneath her, and she was impaled on his up thrust erection. She automatically brought her knees up to support herself, and lay on Barry’s chest savouring the feel of him inside her.

She purred in delight as fingers rubbed around Barry’s shaft and over her throbbing clitoris. Then those same fingers transferred the wetness to her ass, a finger pushed inside causing her to gasp. Lucy had never had anything larger than a finger in her ass and hoped she could take Mario’s prick. She pushed back hard on Barry’s penis and this parted her buttocks, inviting Mario to enter her. The finger in her ass was removed and something larger pushed against her opening. Mario’s hands griped her hips and pulled her backwards as he thrust forward. He slid inside her in one long stroke. Lucy groaned loud, she felt she was being torn apart. She tried to move away to stop the pain but Mario held her fast. She tried to tell him no, but for some reason she couldn’t speak. She arched her back and screamed silently, her mouth wide. A firm hand gripped her chin pulling her face round to the side, and Claude’s prick was pushed into her mouth. She realised it was even bigger than she thought. She didn’t know which was being stretched more, her ass or her mouth.

She forced her lips over the giant penis and sucked, her mouth was completely filled, she didn’t even have room to move her tongue.

Mario began steadily thrusting in and out of her. This had the effect of moving her back and forth on Barry’s prick and also moved her mouth over Claude’s huge weapon. Very soon the pain in her ass changed to a pleasurable feeling of being filled. She was being used in all three of her holes, and hands still groped and caressed her everywhere. Lucy felt she would go insane with pleasure. She had never felt anything this good in her life, she wanted it to last for ever but couldn’t deny the climax building inside her.

Lucy screamed but Claude’s cock stopped any sound emerging as she thrashed in the biggest orgasm she had ever had.

As she came down off her high, she relaxed and savoured the feeling of being fucked so completely.

Shortly after however, Claude announced they should change places. Again Lucy was manhandled into position: this time she was on her back with her hips hanging over the edge of the desk. Claude held her ankles keeping her feet high in the air and wide apart. He manoeuvred his hips to position his cock at Lucy’s ass, she panicked, “No, no please Claude not there. You are too big. Please fuck my pussy, I want to feel you in my pussy again,” she pleaded.

Claude smiled. He released one of her legs and took her by the hand, he kissed it gentlemanly “I will be honoured to fuck you anyhow you like, but I mean to have your beautiful ass sometime soon,” and with that he pushed into her pussy in one long slow stoke making her swoon with delight. A semi erect cock was pushed into her unresisting mouth. She opened her eyes to see it was Mario and Lucy briefly thought about how he had just been inside her ass, but in her present state she didn’t care and sucked him all the way into her throat greedily, feeling him grow hard once more in her mouth..

\* \* \*

Lucy lay on the desk, idly playing with one of her nipples. She felt sleepy. She was full of sperm from three men who had used her as they wished and she had loved every second. Now they were dressing and she knew she had to move. Slowly she pulled her aching body off the desk and almost collapsed as she tried to stand. Claude and Mario were soon at her side supporting her. She smiled her thanks and looked down at herself, her skin was red and scratched in places and she had splashes of cum all over her body. Her stockings were torn and soaked and becoming worse as the cum leaked from her pussy and ass to run down her thighs, she bent down and removed them. She would have to return to the party bare legged and hope John didn’t notice. Finding a box of tissues in the bottom drawer of her desk, she had to use most of them to clean herself sufficiently to dress. Again Claude helped her, but when she looked for her panties she couldn’t find them. Then she saw Mario holding them to his face breathing in her aroma, with a smile and a flourish he tucked them into his jacket pocket. Lucy laughed and felt strangely flattered.

\* \* \*

“You look exhausted Luce,” John greeted his wife when she returned to the party.

“I feel it. It was non-stop in there,” she replied, then sipped her wine.

“How did it go? I hope you got everything you wanted,” he said.

“Oh yes. I’m well satisfied. Claude gave me much more than I ever expected,” she said, she squeezed her thighs together, she imagined she could still feel him inside her.

“Well I’m glad, if anybody deserves it its you: the amount of hours you put in,” John told her and kissed her cheek.

The party started to break up an hour or so later and Lucy found John talking to Barry.

“Stephen and the clients are ready to go now, take Stephens car and get yourself a cab back, here that should cover it,” Lucy handed John the keys to Stephens car and some cash then turned away to say her goodbyes to those guests who were leaving.

John stood for a minute. Lucy had spoken to him so coldly, as if he were a servant. But then, wasn’t that what he had been just lately? John knew Lucy must be tired after all the work she had done this evening. Perhaps she was a bit irritable because of it. Maybe it was just as well that the party was winding down so she could rest. He sighed and went to collect his passengers.

\* \* \*

As soon as the last guests had left Lucy got busy preparing a few things. She had Lynn and Amy go around making the house as untidy and messy as they could, while she took Barry to the pool house.

This was Lucy and John’s dream project when they first married. A small one room building to one side of the pool which they furnished with items to provide a sexy and romantic den to spend warm summer nights. They had had a few special times in there and Lucy stood for a minute fondly remembering. She shook her head, “get a grip Luce,” she told herself. She pulled the mattress from the bed, then she had Barry replace it with one she knew was in the garage waiting to be disposed of. Then she splashed water over the bed. She removed the bedding save for one single blanket, which she spread over the damp mattress. Following Lucy’s instructions, Barry then moved various items into the pool house to make it as unwelcoming as possible.

When they returned to the house Lucy was pleased with the mess the two girls had made.

Lucy called Lynn to her, Amy followed like a pet puppy, “Well done you two,“ she congratulated them, “now listen,“ she continued, “I will be leaving early in the morning and I’ve arranged it so John will be sleeping in the pool house. I’ve had you make this mess because I don’t want him sitting around all day tomorrow. So it’ll be up to both of you to keep him busy. Oh, and Lynn, I bought you a gift,” she gave Lynn a box two inches wide and two feet long. Lynn opened it and removed an ebony riding crop. She slipped the leather loop over her wrist and flicked the crop from side to side. A wide smile split her face.

“As I said, I want John busy. You two are to have as much fun as you can, make this weekend the most miserable he’s ever had,” Lucy instructed them. She took Lynn’s face between her two hands, looked into her eyes and told her “I bought you that crop for a reason, so use it. I want to see some nice welts on John’s body when I return. Now, he should be home soon, so take your new little pet,” she reached over and stroked Amy’s cheek and ran her thumb across her lips and into her mouth, Amy automatically sucked on the invading digit “and have a good night,” she told them.

\* \* \*

By the time I had dropped Stephen and his clients off, and then managed to summon a taxi I had been out of the house almost one and a half hours. When I eventually arrived home the party was over. Lucy and Barry were the only people left in the house. Lucy relaxed on the sofa sipping wine, Barry was slouched in an armchair, he looked the worst for wear.

“Hello darling, you made it home safely then?” Lucy greeted me cheerfully “I’m afraid Barry has had a bit of a heavy evening. So I told him he could stay over tonight, and with the spare room still being full of stuff I thought it would be better if he slept in your room. You don’t mind do you? no of course you don’t, you’re such a dear. I thought you could sleep in the pool house. Its a nice night so you shouldn’t be cold”.

I was taken aback, this had come completely out of the blue. I tried to process it.

“But ..emm… why don’t I sleep on the sofa?” I asked, not understanding why I should give up my bed, but unable to put my thoughts into words.

“Oh no, just look at the mess,” Lucy said as if it were a ridiculous suggestion, “besides I have to leave early tomorrow and I wouldn’t want to disturb you. Now, I’ve poured you a scotch and I’m tired, so if you would give Barry a hand up the stairs we can all get some sleep,” she said and stood to show there would be no more discussion.

Reluctantly, I helped Barry to my room, and wishing my wife a good night I made my way to the pool house. I was stunned. I didn’t really know what had just happened. I had already been relegated to the spare bedroom, now suddenly I was no longer sleeping in my own house, while the bastard who had taken my job now slept in my bed. It never even occurred to me to suggest sleeping with Lucy. I merely did as she told me. Something that I had been doing more and more lately.

The pool house was a mess The bed was covered with junk. I wracked my brain trying to think how it got into such a state. looking back at the house I could see that all the lights were off, so Lucy was probably in bed. I knew I had better not disturb her, so with a sigh, I started to clear the bed. I had even forgotten to drink my whisky.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=193.0)

28.11.12

story continues in [**Tough Love Part 7: Beaten**](toughlove7.html)

o0o
