---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Binding Connection
authors:
- Woody
tags:
- MM-fff
- bond
- kidnap
- n-c
- XX
---

Patrick stuck the taser to
Dee Dee, the oldest of the three in the backseat.  She flopped while
her sister Cheryl screamed and pawed at Patrick.  Cheryl tried to
open the door on her side.  They already had told them the door was
broke, jammed in place.  On the other side Robin tried to get out,
but her door was up against the wall of the abandoned gas station Billy
had pulled into.

Cheryl was crawling out the
window, her long hair almost touching the concrete.  Billy took the
noose he had fashioned from plastic clamps and pulled it over her upper
body, then yanked it tight.  Her arms were pinned just below her elbows,
tight to her side.  She fell out and Billy caught her before her head
went crack on the pavement.

They were out of town but
not out of touch.  This had to get done.  Billy got her the rest
of the way on the ground; she called him an asshole as he sat on her back.

"You shut the fuck up. 
Get your hands behind you.  Get them now."  He yanked her hands
back near her ass and crossed them over.  He had another plastic clamp
for her wrists.

"Ow shit that hurts, you're
cutting my hand.  You freak what are you doing?" screamed Cheryl.

Dee Dee was slumped among
the empty beer cans in the back and Robin was shoving by her.  Now
she crawled over the front seat into Patrick's hands.

He didn't tase her. 
She clawed at his face; he slapped her hands away.

She came back with a right
hand to his face.  "Goddammit.  I'm going to yank your head off."

Robin ignored that and fought
to get out, to run off.  Patrick let her out, then kicked her right
leg and she tumbled next to Cheryl.  Cheryl opened her mouth to scream
and got the gag Billy had put together earlier.

He stuck one end of the Nerf
football on the right side of her face, popped it past the comisure, then
ran it from one palatoglossal arch to the next.  The middle of the
soft gag bulged out of her mouth, flowing up to her philtrum.  He
thumbed it down, back under her upper lip.  The football had a plastic
cable threaded through one end, into the middle and out on the other side. 
She had so much hair; he couldn't find the ends of the cable.  Dammit
here they are.

"Arrumph argagmiff," she
screamed as he yanked and locked the cable behind her head.  The cord
was biting the corners of her mouth.  Her tongue was buried under
the avalanche of foam from the football.

"Help somebody, help help,"
yelled Robin.

"Shut up.  Shut her
up Pat goddammit."

Robin jumped up and shuffled
to catch her balance.  Patrick shoved her and they stumbled away from
the dome light of the car.  Patrick couldn't see her, but grabbed
the back of her shirt between the shoulder blades, they went to the ground,
he on top.  He felt the bare flesh below the blue denim shorts Robin
wore.

She grabbed some skin on
his right arm and pinched.  Then raked her nails down it.  She
felt a punch in the right rib, then one in her stomach.

"Ow, oh stop stop hitting
me.  Help help Urmmph!"

"Lay still!  Stop fighting
or I'll zap you dammit."  He felt her lips moving under his left hand. 
Then Robin was still.

Dee Dee staggered from the
back seat.

"Shit" said Bill.  "Don't
try to run off or your friends will get it."

She stood up, then fell next
to her sister.

Patrick pulled Robin to her
feet and shoved her back towards the car.

"Turn around and put your
hands on top the car.  "Bill are the rest of the cables under the
front seat?"

"Hell yes, get me one for
her feet."

Patrick pushed Robin to the
right and fished around under the seat, pulling out a mess of the plastic
cables.

"How many you need?"

"Throw me two."

Bill snagged them and crossed
Cheryl's ankles and yanked the tie closed.

He fastened one just below
her knees, then rolled her over on her back.

"I need some for Dee Dee."

"Orgump orgumff," said Cheryl,
trying to tell her sister to get up and run.

"What are you doing this
for?  You guys are going to prison for this, you better quit now,"
said Robin.

"It's party time.  Get
you hands back behind you.  Keep them like that.  Sorry did that
hurt?"

He pulled on her connected
wrists to check how tight the cable was fitting.  He added one to
join her forearms, then turned her around to face him.  He moved in
close, pushing Robin back against the car.  He could feel her left
breast against his chest.

"You're such a chatty Cathy. 
Here open up so I can put this in."

"What?  Why are you
doing this."

"Is that a stupid question. 
Aren't you on the honor roll at school?  This should help you understand
what the deal is.  It's just a little rubber ball, I found it out
in my back yard.  Maybe some dog left it."

"Screw you I'm not taking
that."

"The fuck you're not. 
Open up before I bust your nose."

He grabbed the back of her
hair, yanked down so her chin went up.

"Get that away fragump gollow
cruelin."

Patrick shoved the ball into
Robin's mouth.  The tip of her tongue slid out the right side, licked
the side of the ball, and then disappeared underneath it.  Her incisors
scraped the surface, trying to chew it up.

"Hold it in there, hold it
or you're done for.   Now where's the tape?"

"Where the fuck the other
stuff is, was, now throw me the rest of those fucking cables," said Billy.

They came via airmail and
he missed them in the dark.  Dee Dee had sat up, groggy from the tasing. 
Billy scratched around until he found the plastic ties, then started locking
them on her.  He did her forearms first, feeling down her arms from
the Pink border print shirt she was wearing.

Then he did her wrists, which
way he couldn't tell for sure in the dark.

Then felt down the legs of
her Khaki jeans.  She was the tallest of the three, had the longest
legs.  He did one above her knees, then her ankles.

She rocked back and forth.

"What the fuck?  What,
where is dousing umlugh arrump oomeg," came oozing from her mouth as she
got another of the Nerf ball gags.  This one a basketball with a tie
poked through the middle.  Her mass of tight blonde curls swallowed
up the ends, but Billy dug them out and pulled them into the lock tab and
tight above the nape of her neck.

Patrick had the tape out,
tearing a piece off.  It was tough to rip and the piece he put over
Robin's mouth was jagged on the left side, leaving that part uncovered.

"Noo mummph," she said. 
He tore off some more.  The second was as messed up as the first,
but after that, the next five he put over and around her mouth were neat,
did their job.  Her mouth disappeared.  You could tell where
it was supposed to be by the round mound shape of the ball that her teeth
wouldn't quite let settle all the way past her lips.

"Umpp ummph fufflem."

"Sure sure just shut the
fuck up Robin.   None of your cheerleading bullshit," said Patrick.
"Are all the plastic clamps gone?"

"They might be.  Let
me get the rope out of the trunk," said Billy.

Patrick shoved Robin to her
knees; she looked up at him while Billy climbed over Dee Dee and around
Cheryl.  The sisters rolled on the ground, groaning in the dark while
Billy unlocked the trunk.  He pulled out several short lengths of
rope.

"Help me tie Robin up some
more," said Patrick.

"Ummph munmew," she said,
the pleading obvious in the garbled message.

They laid her out and Billy
tied her ankles.  He worked a coil of rope around her torso, just
below her breasts.  He knotted it in back.

"She might as well go first,"
he said.

"Orgumph oomuh narfuff!"

He got her feet and Patrick
her shoulders.  Billy walked backwards until they were even with the
trunk, then they eased her in.  He shoved with both hands on her butt,
felt the nylon material of the track trunks she was wearing.  He scooted
her to the back of the trunk.

Dee Dee was next.  Her
long legs had to fold up a bit before they got her in.  Bill was glad
they'd taken the spare tire out. They put her sister in, almost on top
of her.

"You think we should tie
their hands to their feet so they can't kick on the lid and make noise?"

"Naw they're wedged in there
pretty good.  We're going to drop them off soon enough."

"I was thinking we shouldn't
drop them off, I mean let's start doing it now."

In the dim light from the
trunk, Patrick shook his head no.

"If we're going to make this
last more then a day, we got to get home and set up an alibi.  They
can hold them for us.  No way they'll back out on the deal. 
That's how fucked up they are."

"Man this is great. 
We did it, I mean really," said Billy.

"Dude you are so right. 
And they look happy about it.  Ready to go girls?"

The shock was wearing off. 
The attack had been so quick.  Now it sunk in, they were gagged, bound,
and in the trunk of two guys they usually wouldn't give the time of day
too.  They were no angry sounds, just muffled whimpers, and gagged
pleading.

Billy got behind the wheel
and started his car up.  Patrick stayed at the mouth of the trunk,
staring at the trio of trussed women.  Too bad they couldn't have
taken the whole cheerleading squad.  Well I guess they wouldn't have
had room.  Would have had to use one of the Johnson Brother's hay
wagons.  Better get up to their place.  He wanted to say something
to the squirming females; they kept up their pleading.  He needed
to say something evil, like a bad guy in a movie.  Sleep well or something. 
But he couldn't think of a damn thing so he just shut the lid.

TO BE CONTINUED! 
© 2000 by the author,
all rights reserved.



05.08.02

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!
