---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Neighborly Love
authors:
- Softi
tags:
- Solo-F
- F/f
- dollsuit
- latex
- hood
- force
- drug
- mc
- tease
- strip
- torment
- remote
- climax
- reluct/nc
- X
date: 2014-01-28 00:00:00
---

Rain always put the damn cable on the fritz. 'Ironic,' thought Liz as she sighed and selected the recorded programs menu. 'Works perfectly when you want to be outside.' She hoped it would be working before "Grey's Anatomy" came on. She flipped through the screens and settled on a Lifetime movie she'd recorded. The commercial looked good. It looked romantic, unlike her life. Not that she should knock her husband or her kids. Just sometimes, it was, well, boring.
\*knock\* \*knock\*
Liz turned to the door and sighed. It was Girl Scout Cookie season and the every girl in the neighborhood would stop by her place, knowing she was an easy target. Resistance of Thin Mints and Peanut Butter Patties was futile.
Liz pulled herself out of the sofa and wandered toward the door. 'It better not be Jean.' Liz's neighbor Jean found so many excuses during the day to stop by. Liz wasn't sure she could take that now. If she didn't know better, she'd thing Jean was hitting on her.
'Maybe it's a some hunk come to sweep me off my feet.' Liz felt a little tingly thrill. 'Better not keep him waiting!' She grabbed her wallet off of the foyer table and yanked the door open, fully expecting a a little trooper.
"Hi..." Liz stopped. The girl was taller and more developed than the average Scout. The uniform wasn't motherly either. Black leather and high heeled, calf-length boots weren't the typical soccer-mom look.
"Hi, ma'am, I was looking for Elizabeth McBride?" The woman smiled brightly, like she was about to ask how Liz felt about school funding or saving owls three states over.
"Sorry, don't want any..." Liz pushed the door to close it. Some of her friends had mentioned lingerie parties, which she wouldn't be caught dead at. That kind of thing was private and embarrassing. Did they go door to door now?
The woman put her hand out. "Elizabeth? Great!" She barged past a shocked Liz. "I have such wonderful things to show you!" The woman strode into the living room and placed her bag on the coffee table.
"I, uh..." Liz stepped towards the woman. "Um, please, I don't really..."
"Here's our latest product, the Doll Maker." The woman held up a large piece of latex. "It's a favorite. Why don't you try it on?" She sniffed gently along an arm. "Smells like chocolate and mint."
Liz's mouth dropped open. She and her husband were certainly not... not... deviants. Only seriously bent people would even consider wearing something like that. It was all... shiny, slick, confining. Liz backed up to the stairs. "You need to leave." She looked directly at the woman. "Now!"
The woman gazed back. "It won't hurt to try." She closed with Liz. "Will it?" She ran the fabric through her fingers. "I know you don't want to be naughty." She smiled again. "But we're just trying new things here, and being a little naughty can be fun sometimes." She beckoned to Liz. "Come over here and add some spice to your life. You might enjoy it."
Liz caught her breath. This was too strange to be believed. When did Girl Scouts start selling club clothes? Why did the room smell like chocolate and mint? "Is this the Thin Mints special? All minty chocolate goodness?" Liz said. 'Where did that come from?' Liz shook her head. "OK, enough. Please leave my home, now!" She pointed at the door.
The woman persisted. "Liz, let me show you what an exciting product this is." She stepped within reach of Liz and flicked the fabric against Liz's exposed arm. "You'll love the feel against your naked body."
"No! NO!" Liz backed away. "Please just leave before I call the cops!" She reached towards the phone that should be sitting on top of the counter behind her. Why was her arm tingling?
"No Liz, you need to try this on. It will change your life!" The woman closed again quickly and hugged Liz, holding the soft, slick cloth against Liz's face and neck. "Smell how delicious this outfit is."
Liz stumbled back against the counter, the phone slipping from her fingers. She felt butterflies fluttering down her belly to her suddenly moist pussy. Her nose filled with mint and chocolate.
"You like that?" The woman kept rubbing the soft fabric against Liz's exposed skin. "It's even better against your naked body." She flipped Liz's shirt up and slid the black latex against Liz's smooth belly.
Liz moaned and her knees buckled.
The woman held her against the counter. She pulled Liz's top off and wrapped her arms around the boneless housewife. "It feels wonderful." She leaned in close and whispered in Liz's ear. "It smells wonderful."
Liz could only croon her pleasure. Something in the cloth rubbed her the right way, a very naughty way, that made her hot and wet. She tried to pull back and think of her husband and how she should act, but he had never made her feel like this. Nothing had ever made her feel like this.
"Let go. Try it on. You'll love it, I know." The woman pressed her body against Liz's to hold the garment in place and slid her hands down to unsnap Liz's jeans. She slowly pushed them down. Liz sank to the floor as the slick fabric rubbed the newly exposed skin. "This underwear will interfere with the full effect." The woman unhooked Liz's bra and pulled it off, then reached down to slip off Liz's panties. Liz slipped down, lying on the floor and moaning as the cloth touched her most intimate areas.
"Put it on, Liz."
Liz lay naked, wet and wanton. She had never felt so depraved and exposed. A stranger pressed a dirty outfit against her. It held her libido's attention. A part of her still struggled against the allure, but she was overwhelmed by her desire. She grabbed it.
The soft latex almost slipped through her fingers. She lifted her legs and drew the cloth slowly up. Her cunt sang as the garment cupped her naked pussy lips. Liz lifted her ass to pull the body suit up to her chest. She sat and slid her arms in, letting the woman pull the zipper up her back. Liz tingled all over.
"Stand," the woman directed. Liz stood up, and stayed as straight as she could. "Stay still." Liz felt the latex tight against her skin, cupping her breasts and splitting her pussy lips. She was on the brink of an incredible orgasm. With just a little motion...
But she wasn't supposed to move.
Her clit sang anyways.
"Now for the next piece." The woman walked back to her bag and pulled out a hood.
"No, no, I'm not like this!" Liz cried out. "Don't put that on me!" But her body stayed still, encased in soft plastic and controlled by her pussy's pleasure.
"Shhh." The woman slipped the mask over Liz's head. "It's too late now. Enjoy it."
Liz felt the woman attach the hood to the body suit. Liz felt a little pressure high on her back. Her cunt suddenly spasmed in joy and she nearly collapsed as the orgasm spread in waves through her body, but the suit constricted slightly and helped her stay up. She felt safe and wonderful and controlled. The woman slipped the hood over Liz's head.
"Now for the final piece." Liz couldn't see through the fabric. She stood still because it felt right and good. Something slipped against the back of her neck. She felt a sharp jolt and the world went white.
Was it God?
"Wait a second..." The light adjusted, and Liz could see again. The room came into focus. "Let me try a few settings." Liz felt cold, and pain, and hot, and pleasure. "Looks good."
The woman walked to the phone lying on the counter. Liz tried to turn to see what she was doing, but only Liz's eyes would move. A part of her mind tried to be scared, but it was quickly overcome by searing lust.
"Hi, Jean? Yeah, it's Blanca. She's ready. Come get her. No, it's ok. She'll wait." Blanca hung up. She walked in front of the new toy. "So, your neighbor Jean is on her way." Blanca held up a remote control. "She paid for this, a little device that controls you now, like this." Blanca hit a button and Liz came hard. "That's just a taste." Blanca walked to the coffee table and put it down. She picked up her bag.
"Maybe your husband will get home first and save you." Blanca walked to the door. "Maybe your kids. They might play with you."
"Or maybe Jean will share you with them. I don't care. Goodbye."
Blanca walked out.
