---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/howwalterbecamewendy.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: How Walter Became Wendy
authors:
- Wendy
tags:
- F/m
- cd
- caught
- maid
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2007-08-11 00:00:00
---

I was between jobs so it only seemed right that I
should tackle the housework while my wife worked.  But
before I was able to get a new job, Dianne got a
promotion and huge raise; she proposed that since she
never liked housework anyway, and we did not need an
additonal income, that I become the full-time "wife."
(We have no children nor do we want any.)  I told her
that was fine with me.

What I did not tell her is how I fantasized about
this, being a live-in servant.  To play the role, I
had bought a maid's outfit, which was really a red
skating dress - - a turtleneck leotard with short
skirt attached - - and a pair of fishnet tights.

I
would put these on after she had left for work, and as
I did my housework, I got increasingly turned on.  I
would stop for a break and stroke the bottom of my
balls (which were right next to the thin spandex
crotch); invariably, this would result in a very
pleasant orgasm.  In mid-afternoon, I washed out the
crotch of the dress and hung it to dry in the attic.

This went on for a couple of weeks and then suddenly
she showed up, home many hours early!

It was
embarrassing enough to have her find me dressed like
that, but doubly so because I had just had my orgasm
and there was a definite tell-tale spot in front of my
crotch.  (The skirt was not only enough to hide it.)

She was not feeling well, but gathered the strength to
tell me that this was unacceptable to her, and that
the spot (from an obvious method of release) was the
reason I was unable to satisfy her in bed lately.
Then she went to bed to sleep off her sickness.  And,
I hoped, her anger.

The next morning was Saturday so she slept late, and
then told me to sit down for a talk.  [Naturally I was
dressed in normal clothes.]  She would allow me to
continue dressing up for housework but with a few
changes.  She would tell me about them when she got
back from shopping.

When she returned, she again
summoned me to her presence - - that's the way I felt,
since she was using her high-power business attitude.
She handed me a small bag and told me to go into the
bedroom and put it on.  It was a pair of briefs with a
plastic athletic cup inside a little pouch!  Man, was
that thing snug when I got it on.  I returned to the
living room and she inspected it, making sure the
pouch could not be shifted.

"This is what you will wear under your maid's outfit.
We will dye it red so it looks like it is part of your
dress.  There will be no more playing with yourself
while you work.  Now go get your dress on!"

I looked in the mirror and had to admit that it did
look good, apart from the shite sticking out a little
from under the red leotard.  And the snug crotch bulhe
did look great!  Then she told me that we were going
shopping.  Yes, in my maid's outfit, even though I
protested.

We drove to the mid-sized city an hour
away and stopped in front of a fetish store.

"You don't think I was going to let you be seen by
anyone who knows us, did you?  That would reflect on
me.  But these people will be happy to see you as you
are dressed."

We went in and she took me over to the restraints
section.  Selecting a nice one-inch collar with a ring
in the front, she put it around my neck and locked it
in back.  But there was more than that, as I found out
when I reached around; she had also locked the zipper
of my leotard to the collar.  The check-out girl
smiled with approval and suggested a leash, but Dianna
was not interested.

However, when we got home, she did add something to
the front ring on the collar - - a large jingle bell,
secured by a small padlock.

"This is what you will wear every day from 9:00 to
5:00.  And when I am home, the jingle bell will tell
me where you are!"

Knowing that I had to hold onto my urine, I drank as
little liquid as I could for the twelve hours before.
At the end of the week, Dianne remarked about how
improved my housecleaning was.  And also that I was
now able to satisfy her in bed.
Another week later, she brought home a little tag that
read WENDY and locked that onto my collar with the
jingle bell.

The bombshell came two weeks after that.

"My business associate Carla just lost her maid, and
she has a big party coming up this weekend.  I think I
will lend you to her to help her prepare for the
party."  Before I could say anything, she continued,"
But don't worry about your identity.  I told her I
thought I saw an ad in the paper.  I will call her and
give your cellphone number.  You can stipulate that
you will be masked at all times.  And you can dedice
how much to ask in payment."

What was I to say?  Deep inside, I loved the idea of
being a maid.  Of course I got no sexual satisfaction
from it, at least not in the form of an orgasm.
(There was no dislodging my penis from the athletic
cup, and even when I put it in facing up, the cup
would not let it grow.)  But I did tingle at various
times and when I took off the cup, it was sticky
inside.
But to do housecleaning for someone else?

Well, I
knew what the answer would be.  I objected, and my
objection was overruled.
Just the way I wanted it!

Carla called and she accepted my terms.  I went back
to the fetish store and bought a black spandex mask
with just eye and mouth holes.  When Dianne dressed me
for the asssignment, the mask went on before the
collar; it had a back zipper.  Dianne put the collar
on me, locked it, securing both the zippers to it, and
then sent me off to my assignment.

Wendy [wendy\_rbbns@yahoo.com](mailto:wendy_rbbns@yahoo.com)
