---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: An Exciting Time
authors:
- Dana
tags:
- Sbm
- cd
- lingerie
- stockings
- rope
- gag
- cupboard
- caught
- cons
- X
date: 2006-09-18 00:00:00
---

I have an inn that I am converting to condominiums. The real estate agent can,
at any time, show the empty condos. Out of courtesy, she lets me know ahead of
time so that I can make sure they are dusted. I have to tell of an exciting
(now) experience that happened to me in one of the unsold condominiums.

I am a man who loves to dress in sexy black lingerie, black stockings,
5 inch high heels, a short tight fitting dress, wig and heavy makeup. (When I am dressed, I
am very hot looking, it is quite
exciting).

Well, anyway, I went to one of the condominiums to treat myself. I have developed a
selfbondage system that leaves one completely helpless. More than just pulling a rope around ones
wrists, this leaves one with their wrists tied tightly behind their back, with rope around the
arms, pulling them toward each other behind their back, other rope around the body above and below the
breasts, rope
around the waist (over their bound wrists) and rope under the body rope and up over the shoulders.

The
ankles, knees (above and below) and thighs are also very tightly tied. This is finished off with a tight
fitting soft ball gag. All a person can do is squirm, wiggle and say "mmfflllop, mmmoophiff? moffifp!!!!!"

I put my
escape device in the closet, set for about an hour. I then bound myself. There I was, a hot sexy
looking blond in
a short dress (riding up over her thighs) in 5 inch high heels, very tightly bound and
gagged, squirming around on the
floor. How exciting!!!!

I heard the downstairs door opening. My agent had not called me, and was showing the
condos.

I COULD NOT BE FOUND LIKE THIS.

I had no way of getting free.

They went into the downstairs condo,
in a short while they would be up here.

I squirmed and wiggled into the closet and got the door closed. I was so tightly
tied that I could hardily move. I got my back against the door and my feet against the back wall, and waited.

I heard them come in the condo.

The agent saying "this a very large and nice condominium".

They were
looking around, perhaps they would not check this closet. I heard the agent, right outside
the door, say
"look at these large closets".

I heard the doorknob turn. (oh shit) I braced, and felt the door push against my back. "It must
be stuck" the agent said, trying again.

"Let me try" a mans voice, (oh shit, shit), I braced harder. The
door crushed against my back, and my, tightly bound feet began to slip.

Then, "I will show the other closets" said the
agent, and they walked away. "I'll tell the owner" the agent saying.

I couldn't make any noise, I moved under my escape devise, and
it landed on me with a soft "thump".

After I was sure they were gone, I still had a job getting
lose. I was in a closet, with no light and no way of reaching the doorknob. The, sexy, hot blond
finally got free.

HOW EXCITING
(I can say that now)
