---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Stockade Made For Two
authors:
- Cropsncuffs
tags:
- M+/f+
- bond
- stocks
- oral
- sex
- catsuit
- leather
- pegging
- strapon
- mast
- drug
- cons
- reluct
- X
date: 2024-08-04 00:00:00
---

I got a brief glimpse of two matching heads of wild blonde hair and loosely similar features before he bustled me past them and into the dark beyond.

“And you told me I was wasting my money, but I was right. You said I was wasting my money buying a set of double stocks and that I would never get them filled, but there you see it. A babe in both sets of stocks. You owe me the bet my friend.”

I looked back at the beautifully made piece of dungeon furniture that stood in the light in the middle of the room. I was a classic set of stocks made double. I had made them myself and I admit I had tried to put him off the extra expense of having them made double, and I had rashly taken the bet that he would never get to use them both together, but it appeared I had been wrong.

Facing me across the room were two gloriously tight arses where the beautifully finished stocks had two female forms bent over at the waist. He had been very specific in his construction instructions. Where my dungeon toys were frequently made more for look than absolute effect, these had been made to be as utterly effective as they could possibly be. Every aperture was padded with leather so necks, wrists and ankles would be firmly but comfortably gripped. Yes, ankles too. He had specified that the centre pole should be extended backwards to offer restraints for the victims ankles to complete their feeling of complete, inescapable confinement. Ankles that could be widely spread or held tightly together depending on which fitment had been bolted in place.

The two vertical sets of boards were clamped tight about two necks and four wrists. As I watched I could see them both have a moment of desperation as they fought the boards. Boards I had lovingly cut, sanded and polished until they shone under the artificial light. Held tightly together by simple over-centre catches that were easy to latch and unlatch without a key but completely secure if you could not reach them. And once your limbs were enclosed by those hanged boards there was no way you could reach them. Once fastened you were the prisoner of the stocks until someone came to set you free.

I watched silently as the arses writhed for a frantic few moments then stayed still. The brief frantic efforts had covered both women with a light sheen of sweat that made them gleam.

“There appears to be a family resemblance,” I ventured “Sisters?”

“Oh nothing quite so desirable,” he murmured “Mother and daughter. One made a rather rash bet and the other felt she had to honour it for reasons I shall spare you. Shall we take a closer look?”

We approached the gleaming duo in their bent over bondage, both admiring the tightly toned arses that were facing us, legs spread wide by the wooden spreader bars my commissioner had chosen to bolt in place for them.

He reached out and gently caressed one arse with the flat of his hand. The touch was unexpected and the lady let out a gasp. He ran his hand gently over the soft curves and she purred. Gently shifting the way his hand moved he curved two fingers and slipped them smoothly inside her. She gave a squeal and tried to jump away from the sudden intrusion, but my closely constructed stocks held her rigidly in place.

He gestured towards the arse in front of me and my hand repeated his actions. A gentle caress followed by a rough invasion. Moments later we were both thrusting our fingers in and out of their upturned sexes in time and watched them bucking in their bondage. Truly my work was being well tested and it looked magnificent.

We walked around the now whimpering duo until we were standing in front of them. Both faces were facing the floor and both lovely ladies were panting, their breath coming in short gasps. Heads of thick, wavy blonde hair had fallen forward and were largely covering both faces from where we stood. From what I could see the family resemblance was remarkable and they truly could have been sisters.

I reached out and stroked one of the heads, and within the rightly confining stocks blue eyes looked up at me from behind a curtain of hair. A tongue flicked about her lips. I reached out the two fingers I had violated her with and slipped them gently between willing lips. I felt a willing tongue licking them clean. Caressing them, worshipping them then crying out for me to insert a far more welcoming part of my anatomy.

I looked across at my customer and saw that he had already dropped his trousers and was gently taking his pleasure of the other no less willing mouth that protruded from the implacable stocks I had created.

Torn briefly between the pleasures offered to me by her helplessly spread legs to the rear or the flickering and clearly willing tongue that stood inches from the fast swelling manhood in my jeans I slipped down my jeans and surrendered to the flickering warmth of her mouth and tongue, thrusting gently into her. Her lips closed firmly about my manhood and I heard her choke when I lent in too deeply, her tongue dancing across the tender tip as I pulled back, and moments later I filled her willing mouth with my semen. I heard her gulp, swallowing, a few lines dripping from the corners of her mouth as she looked up at me. Whether she was mother or daughter I never did find out, but I heard my customer let out a cry as his willing mouth had the same effect on him as mine had on me.

“I have to ask,” I said as we sat back with our coffee, “what was the wager that got them into your stocks together? I thought you would never fill both sides together, really I didn’t.”

“Well,” he said, “it was more of a bet they made with me. Drink up your coffee and I’ll explain.”

I took a deep pull on the coffee and awaited his explanation.

“Well, the mother said she had a certain fantasy about stocks, and when I showed her my set she made a certain offer that I just could not refuse.”

“And what was their offer?” I asked “Is it me, or is it hot in here?”

“No, that is the effect the sedative in your coffee is having upon you. You see, you were part of her fantasy. Perhaps the word ‘bet’ was not entirely correct when I was asking you to come round.”

That was the last thing I heard or felt until what I presume was quite a while later.

When the clouds cleared from my mind I could not move. Every limb was tightly gripped by something soft yet firm and unforgiving. I twisted my head to left and right and all I could see was a wall of gleaming wood with my hands protruding from it. I tugged at my restraints but there was no give and the fast clearing part of my mind registered that I was the prisoner of my very own creation. I tried to move my ankles but they remained spread widely and I was quite unable to move them. Clearly the spreader bar part of the rear of the stocks was being used on me. Treacherously I could feel my manhood slowly rising to attention as I took in my terrible but oh so arousing bondage. The space next to me in the stocks was empty but who knew for how long.

Soon I heard the clatter of high heels and voices as they approached.

“Here you are ladies,” I heard my customer saying, “exactly as you fantasised. The creator of this stunning bondage device restrained in the machine of his own creation. You may do with him as you will.”

The mother and daughter walked into my field of view. Both were identically dressed in tight leather playsuits. Their heavily applied makeup made them look identical, and both worse studded harnesses over their playsuits. From the crotch of each extended a wicked black strap-on that made me blanche.

One stood before me and caressed my face, stroked my head and finally slipped a thumb between my lips. I licked it hungrily, sucking on it as it was thrust back and forth between my lips.

The other had moved around behind me and I heard myself yelp as I felt the head of the strap-on touch my anus and pause, leaning against the virgin opening with just enough pressure to make sure I could not forget its presence.

The thumb was withdrawn and when I raised my eyes again the gleaming black phallus was bobbing before me. It advanced and touched my lips, forcing me to kiss it. I knew what was coming and I dreaded it, but part of me was turned on as much I could feel my manhood bobbing desperately for some attention.

At the moment the huge black phallus pressed firmly but gently into my mouth and I felt my treacherous tongue flick over as if it were real flesh. The intruder from the rear thrust equally firmly between my buttocks and took my anal virginity.

They thrust forwards and back tougher and in a terrible unison as I was being spit-roasted in my own creation. Hardly able to move I could do nothing but endure until a hand from the rear grasped my raging manhood and started to stoke it. Then, as I whimpered past the strap-on in my mouth, she took a firm grip and proceeded to wank me briskly in time to the thrusts of her strap-on.

When I came it was both terrible and mighty at the same time. Part of me was insanely turned on while another was utterly disgusted as my response to the anal assault in my bondage. I felt myself sagging as far as I could in the bondage of my own creation and when no one unsnapped the latch, I wondered with all my kinky heart what was going to happen next, and at the very thought I felt my manhood swelling again.§
