---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Chain
authors:
- Budman
tags:
- MF/f+
- bond
- rope
- piercing
- needles
- oral
- toys
- cons
- XX
date: 2023-07-02 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 42: The Weekend, Helen and Needles

Fred had been letting Regina, and Clair, experience different types of impact play as a part of their weekend long play session. He had been flogging Regina’s cunt and was just about to stop when everyone heard “Hellloooo? It’s Helen. Is this a good time?”

Fred stopped mid swing. Clair burst out laughing, “Depends on your definition of good!” she yelled back. Then Clair turned to Regina and asked, “are you OK to meet Helen now?”

Regina was so far into subspace that she was barely aware of the conversation. “Yea, I’m fine!”

Fred just stood there, flogger in hand, feeling awkward. Neither of them considered that Regina was still laying on the bench, legs pulled back and spread, swollen and red pussy facing directly at the door.

Clair started towards the basement door to greet Helen, hollering back as she went, “Just FYI, Regina and I are naked, but Fred’s clothed. Come on down if you’re OK with that, we are.”

“Well,” Helen said as she came in the door, “isn’t that a delicious sight,” when her eyes fell on the splayed genitals in front of her.

“Oh shit,” Fred blurted out, “Regina, you may break position. Sit up.”

“Huh... oh!” Regina said as she slowly drifted back to reality.

This was the first time that Clair had ever been naked with her Mom’s friend and keeper, but Fred noticed that she didn’t seem to notice or care as she gave Helen a huge hug.

Fred, still feeling slightly out of place, just said “Hi!” then added. “Helen, meet our friend Regina, Regina meet Helen.”

Later, in thinking about this moment, Regina would acknowledge that she was tired, in pain, massively high on endorphins, wet as hell and probably not thinking clearly. But, on seeing Helen for the first time, Regina almost swooned and fell off the bench she was sitting on. Helen was not a great beauty, she was short, stocky, with short hair. She was wearing the standard Schwartz Iron Works uniform of overalls. The only concession she had made to going out in public was to add a tube top to cover her significant side boob. But it wasn’t her appearance that made Regina swoon, it was the power radiating off the woman as she walked right up to the naked Regina and said, “So, this is the newly budding pain slut you told me about. You look well used and desperately wet Regina. It suits you.”

All Regina could say was “Thank you Ma'am.” And then she just stared, wide eyed at this magnificent dominant.

“Regina,” Clair said, not yet realizing what was going on in Regina’s head, “It’s just Helen, you don’t need to use protocol.”

“Yes Ma'am.” Regina said, causing Clair to really look at her and see the glazed stare. Regina didn’t take her eyes off Helen.

“Well, what have you perverts been up to this weekend!” Helen said with a smile, and Clair began to relate all their activities in probably more detail than Helen was asking for. When Clair just matter-of-factly related the blowjob Regina gave Clair, Helen looked at Fred with new respect. “I thought you guys were monogamous?” Helen said.

Fred was smart enough to realize that what Helen was asking was “is everybody OK with this?” so he took the time to say more than just “Yes.”

“Clair and I talked about it at length, we’re both good with the limits we’ve set. And yes, Regina is becoming like a good friend. A good friend with benefits.” Fred explained and Clair nodded.

As Clair kept narrating the weekend's experiences, when she got to the part about the rope bondage, Regina sort of moaned loud enough for the three of them to hear.

“Oh, so not only a pain slut but a rope bunny too?” Helen commented.

“I love rope!” Regina exclaimed, “I just wish we could have tried a suspension.”

“Well why not?” Helen asked.

“We missed the munch where they did the suspension tutorial,” Fred explained, “I’m not foolish enough to try that without more experience.”

“Well, I don’t have to be back to Schwartz until dinner.” Helen said thoughtfully, “ I have done a lot of suspensions, especially of women. What do you say Regina, still want to go flying? With your approval of course Fred, I wasn’t trying to take over your scene.”

Regina almost fell off the table saying, “Yes please Ma'am?”

Fred was equally enthusiastic and excited about learning from Helen.

Clair was curious, “Have you ever suspended Mom?”

“Clair,” Helen scolded, “You know we aren’t going to talk about Jill and I, that is my job and anything about what goes on in this basement is entirely hers to share. But no, we have everything we need in the cabinet, but we’ve never done suspensions.”

“Sorry, I just got excited, what I really meant to ask is: do you have the stuff you need or have you ever done a suspension down here.”

“So, Helen,” Fred asked, “I really want to learn. Do you think we have enough rope to suspend both our subbies?”

“OH, YES Please!” Clair chimed in.

“Well, let's go take inventory.” Helen said to Fred.

It took a few minutes, but Fred and Helen used some heavy chain to hang an eight foot 2x6 from Bob’s shop from the ceiling. Then they positioned a long six foot folding table under the beam. After looking at the hanks of rope in the basement cabinet, Helen went to her car and grabbed her bondage duffle bag.

“You keep a bag full of BDSM stuff in your trunk?” Regina was amazed.

“Hea, you never know when you might get the chance to play – like now!” Helen answered.

Getting both women to sit on the table, Helen tied an elaborate chest harness around Regina. Bob followed her, step by step. Regina was already zoning out again; she couldn’t believe she was being tied by this amazing woman! Clair was, like Fred, taking everything in, leaning all she could.

“Use all that rope Fred,” Helen coached, “you want as many wraps as possible to spread the weight.”

Next, Helen tied Regina’s right hand up and behind her back with the arm pointing down and the elbow pointing up. She then tied the left hand the exact opposite, with the arm pointing up and the elbow down in one half of a ‘reverse prayer’ position. Then she wrapped even more rope around the chest to trap the arms to the back.

Helen continued by wrapping multiple strands of rope around Regina’s waste and crotch, forming a classic climber’s harness. She then frog-tied one leg, bending it so the ankle was behind the thigh. With Fred still copying her on Clair, Helen tied multiple loops of ropes from the side of the chest harness, the side of the waist harness and Regina’s knee to the 2x6 making sure they were all very secure and even. She then went over to Clair and inspected Fred’s work, straightening several wraps of rope.

“You don’t want the strands to cross each other any more than you can help Fred,” Helen explained, “It can create pressure points that damage nerves or excessively restrict blood flow. Otherwise, great job!”

Once she was satisfied that Fred’s work was safe and secure, she went over to the cabinet and came back with a double-sided silicone dildo gag and two condoms. Handing the dildo and condoms to Fred she indicated he should apply them to both ends of the dildo. She then spun Clair around so both Women were laying on the table, facing each other then attached Clair’s ropes to the 2x6.

When she and Fred were done, Helen lifted Regina and Fred moved one end of the table away from under her. Regina was amazed at how effortlessly Helen lifted and handled her. Next, they did Clair, with Fred lifting and Helen moved the table completely away. Both women were flying! But Helen wasn’t finished.

“Open up.” She said to Regina and presented the gag to her mouth, putting the 3 inch penis between her teeth and buckling it on. She then ran a piece of rope behind each side of the gag strap.

“I’ll let you do this Fred because you know how much Clair can take – just remember she has to breathe.” Helen said and she indicated that Fred should stick the other end of the gag, which was at least six inches long, into Clair’s mouth and tie her to it with the ropes attached to Regina’s side of the gag.

“Devious!” Fred exclaimed as he started pushing the dildo into Clair’s mouth while watching her eyes to gauge what she was willing to take.

Clair quickly realized that, although she was pretty sure she could deep throat this thing, there was no way she could breathe with all the way in her throat. She also realized that she would have to clamp down on it with her teeth to keep it from sliding on back. So when she felt it approaching her gag reflex, she bit on it. Fred tied the ropes around behind her head. Helen suggested looping them around her neck, both to make them more secure and also to choke Clair if she tried to push the dildo gag out too far.

Helen then applied the blindfolds to both women and she and Fred stood back to admire their work.

“That was pretty cool!” Fred exclaimed, “I would like more experience before trying it by myself, but I get the basics.”

Clair, meanwhile, was starting to feel the sensations of being suspended, naked and helpless. She had been so focused on watching and absorbing everything Helen and Fred were doing that she really hadn’t relaxed and floated into subspace, but now that was changing.

In contrast, Regina was completely gone, she didn’t have a coherent thought in her head.

What made Helen a genius, Clair realized as she floated away, was the connections of their mouths. Normally each of them would have stayed mostly still. But little adjustments were attempted to make that rope pinch less, shift that pressure point, breathe more easily, or even hold their heads in a more comfortable position. But now, each move one of them made rippled through the double-sided gag and moved the other. The result was a symphony of subtle motions that Fred and Helen were enjoying.

With the women blindfolded, Clair and Regina couldn’t see Helen wink at Fred as she said, “That was hard work, let’s go get a beer!”

Neither of them would have left a submissive tied up as they were, but both of them were up for a little mind fuck. Fred opened the door to the base, which squeaked, and they walked across to the stairs, all the while talking about what brands of Beer they preferred. They then went ½ way up and back down the stairs loudly then went quiet.

Clair could spot a mind fuck a mile away. She knew Fred would never violate Safe, Sane and Consensual and leave her in such a vulnerable position. And she had seen how Helen made sure her safety scissors were out and on the table before she tied the first knot. But Regina was convinced they were alone. And with three inches of dildo in her mouth there was no way to ask Clair.

As they tiptoed silently back across the basement, Helen whispered to Fred, “Have you guys tried playing with needles? It’s another specialty of mine. I couldn’t help noticing how inviting those two cunts are exposed as their free leg hangs down and the frog tied one is pulled up.”

“Nope, that’s another thing I don’t have enough experience in.” Fred explained.

“How do you think Regina would feel about it? I know Clair would be up for it.” Helen said.

“Regina gave us permission to do anything that doesn’t leave marks or damage that lasts for more than a week. She’s been begging for new BDSM experiences and has taken anything and everything we’ve thrown at her. I’m sure she would be up for it – especially from you.” Fred added.

“What do you mean ‘especially from me?’” Regina asked.

“Oh come on, surely you’ve noticed that she can’t take her eyes off you. She’s been gobsmacked ever since you walked in!” Fred exclaimed.

“No, I hadn’t noticed. I just assumed that was how she reacted when she was in a scene. She is kinda cute, in an innocent way,” Helen said thoughtfully.

After several minutes, to let Regina really feel helpless and abandoned, Helen stroked her hair and said “I wouldn’t leave you. I’m responsible for you and I’ve got you. You’re safe in my ropes,” Helen purred.

Regina visibly relaxed and her breathing deepened.

Fred took a slightly different tone. Pinching one of Clair’s nipples, hard, he said, “Enjoying yourself slut!?”

Clair stiffened and squealed, causing a ripple of motion to pass across the two suspended women.

“We have decided that you two have been such good girls that we’re going to give you a new and painful experience to both of you.” Helen said.

Regina barely heard Helen, she was so lost in the sensations of the rope and Helen stroking her hair.

Clair wondered what Helen and her sadistic husband were cooking up that she hadn’t already experienced. Her mind went through an inventory of BDSM but was mostly focused on different implements to hit them with.

Fred was watching Clair and he realized she was having a lot of trouble gagging. The penis gag had slowly, millimeter by millimeter, slipped further back in her throat. She had tried to keep her teeth clamped down on it, but she would lose concentration. To push it back out with her tongue required she release her teeth’s grip on it for a second but every time she tried that, the way she and Regina were tied just pushed it in further. She was almost to the point of grunting three times when Fred noticed and removed the double sided gag from both women.

Helen pulled the table back over nearer the suspended bodies and grabbed the supplies she needed from her bag. She had sterile alcohol wipes, several gauges of sterile needles in packages, and gloves. After laying out what she needed she took Fred to the sink in the back of Jill’s cell and they both scrubbed their hands with disinfectant soap, drying them and putting on the gloves.

Clair, hearing the handwashing decided she and Regina were about to get fisted. She didn’t know how she felt about that. Fred had tried it a few times and had never managed to get all the way in, but Helen’s hands were probably smaller. But surely, with her concern of not playing with Clair, Helen wouldn’t fist her, would she? That meant that Fred would try to get his big hands into her again. Shit.

Regina, being a nursing student, heard the handwashing, knew what they were doing, but could come to no conclusions about what was happening. Besides, she was in full subspace, zoned out and floating. Having Helen talk in her ear while stroking her hair had left her completely calm and trusting. So, when Regina heard the unmistakable sound of an alcohol wipe being torn open and the cold of it being rubbed across her labia, her scream of “YELLOW!” shocked everyone including herself.

Fred, who had moved to Clair’s end of the table to begin copying Helen’s actions on Regina, moved at the speed of light. He was at Regina’s head and removing her blindfold before Helen could react. Feeling guilty for not specifically asking Regina about needles, he started to say “Regina, I’m sorry, I...”

But Regina had lifted her head, looked at the table with the alcohol wipes, the sterile needles, and the gloved hands. Then she looked at Helen’s face and saw deep concern there.

“Oh,” Regina said, “OK, carry on, sorry for the interruption.”

Clair, who by now had figured out that she wasn’t about to get fisted, was actually relieved. Then the impact of Regina, the woman who had taken everything thrown at her up until now, had just called a yellow. It was Clair, hanging suspended next to Regina who looked across the short gap between their faces and said, “Not so fast Regina, you don’t call a Yellow without explaining yourself!”

Helen agreed, “I’m not going to ‘carry on’ with anything until you tell me what’s bothering you!”

Regina took a minute, then said, “I’m sorry but, look, in nursing school they pound it into us, again and again, the importance of a sterile field. As soon as I realized you were going to stick me, the nurse in me had to know, with what, and that you knew what you were doing. At that moment, I wasn’t a submissive, I was a nurse. I’m sorry. Please don’t let this ruin the afternoon, I’m having a wonderful time. Please?”

Fred, still feeling guilty said, “Regina, I should have discussed this with you, this is really extreme stuff for a first time, I’m the one who should be sorry.”

“Well,” said Clair, starting to slowly spin in her suspension, “I for one want to try those needles so if you too have finished apologizing to each other, can we get on with it before my endorphins wear off?”

Helen looked at Fred, this weekend was his show. Fred looked at Helen, he looked at Clair who smiled, he looked at Regina who mouthed a silent “Please?” and he reached up to put Regina’s blindfold back on.

Helen finished cleaning Regina’s Labia with alcohol. She cleaned both the inner and outer parts of the clit and clit hood really well. Fred copied her on Clair. Then she started a row of four needles down the outside of Regina’s right labia. Regina, who had given and received many practice injections during training, was amazed how different it felt to run a needle just under the skin vs. into the muscle. Each needle that Helen pushed through her labia felt different and there was no pattern. The nursing side of her brain decided it depended upon if the needle hit nerves or how deep under the skin it went. Some pricked. Some stung. One really hurt. All of them produced pressure as they traveled under the skin and emerged.

Then Helen started an identical row of four needles down the left labia. When she finished, she walked around to Clair’s bottom end to see how Fred was doing. He had just finished his first row and it was nowhere as neat or evenly spaced as Helen’s but it was a nice first effort. He had also had to back a few needles half way back out to get the exit in the right position and that had resulted in a few small drops of blood. Helen still complemented Fred and to Clair’s discomfort suggested he completely redo one needle.

After watching Fred finish his second row, Helen went back to Regina and started moving, spinning, pulling and twisting the needles. This produced various interesting sensations, none of which Regina’s brain categorized as ‘Pain’ but each sensation increased her endorphin output and her feeling of floating. Fred copied Helen but, lacking the delicacy of a woman, was a bit more aggressive and produced even more drops of blood.

Helen then reached into her bondage bag and produced a bright red roll of ¼ inch Christmas Ribbon. She cut about four feet off and handed it to Fred then cut 4 feet for herself.

“Watch” she instructed Fred and she proceeded to lace the two rows of needles together, pulling them tight and completely closing Regina’s vagina and ending with a nice bow at the top. Fred, with a huge grin on his face that Clair found a bit scary, did the same on Clair but pulled it even tighter than Helen. His bow was also downright lopsided, but he was proud of himself.

“Cool!” he said as he took a few photos of Clair’s sewn cunt.

“Now,” Helen announced, “I’m going to put one more pin in Regina. This pin requires great skill and precision. Place it wrong and you can ruin a woman’s orgasm for life. Do you trust me, Regina?”

“Yes ma'am!” Regina replied.

“Don’t I get one?” Clair asked.

“I don’t think so, Clair.” Helen answered, “I’m not going to stick your clit and Fred’s not ready for this level.”

Fred, why don’t you get a couple of vibrators out of the cabinet. There should be two Hitachi’s, one cordless and one you can plug into that extension cord.

Helen took one last needle and, starting just above Regina’s swollen and prominent clit, inserted it under the clit, emerging below the clit. When she felt where the needle was going, Regina’s whole body went rigid. But after a sharp prick, this one felt amazing going in.

Fred handed Helen the cordless vibrator and Helen started a slow, light, relentless circle of Regina’s cunt. She touched the ribbon so that all the needles and Regina’s whole cunt was vibrating. Then she would brush the vibrator across the top of Regina’s clit, or touch just the top of the needle and the vibrations were transmitted directly down the needle and into the nerves of the clit.

It was less than three minutes and Regina was bucking, twisting and swinging in her suspension wildly. Helen had to be extremely careful not to let Regina’s wild gyrations bang a needle against the vibrator and do damage.

Fred was mesmerized. Once Regina’s orgasm had passed, he tried the same technique on Clair. His finesse wasn’t quite up to Helen’s, but Clair didn’t notice. She may have taken a minute longer to cum, but her orgasm was so strong, she arched her back so violently that she hit her head on Regina’s and wound up spinning away from the vibrator.

“Time for round two,” Helen announced and started her vibrator again.

“May I please suck your cock sir?” Clair asked as Fred turned his Hitachi back on.

“Helen, do you mind shifting around so you’re facing away from me please?” Fred asked.

“I appreciate your respecting boundaries kind sir.” Helen laughed as she heard a slurping sound behind her.

Fred found it difficult, but not impossible, to keep the vibrator in the right place with one hand and his other hand behind Clair’s head. Helen hadn’t planned the height of their suspension for this activity but it just happened the table on which they started the suspension was just the right height.

Clair came twice before she felt Fred start to pulse into the back of her throat.

Regina lost count but Helen thought she felt five or six orgasmic spasms roll through Regina’s body.

After everyone had a few minutes to come back down and Fred had cleaned himself up and zipped up, Helen cleaned her stuff off the table and pulled it back under the women. She and Fred lifted first Regina, then Clair onto the table. Helen pulled the clit needle out of Regina and she was surprised it hurt a bit coming out. When Helen started to untie the ribbon, Regina stopped her, “Can you please leave that in for a bit, I want to see what it looks like.”

“Yea, me too!” Clair chimed in.

“OK, I don’t see why not.” Said Helen as she started untying the ropes from Regina and Fred started untying Clair.

It took the women several minutes of slow unbending and stretching to get back to normal. They both admired each other’s rope marks and then admired the red lace on their cunts.

“Can we run upstairs and look in the mirror, please sir!” Clair asked Fred.

“Sure, we’ll come up and join you in a few minutes, I think we’ve done enough for today.” Fred announced.

He and Helen began cleaning up the play space and Helen repacked her BDSM bag. When they came upstairs, Regina and Clair were standing in front of a full length mirror in the downstairs bath and taking turns using a hand held mirror to examine their needles.

“This is amazing you guys!” Clair gushed. “And thank you Fred, but now I know why we women don’t let our men wrap Christmas Presents!”

Helen burst out laughing, “I have had a bit more experience at inserting needles.”

“Here,” Regina said, “let me re-tie that bow a little neater.”

“OK, you two, why don’t I re-tie it,” Fred asked, “And I’ll pull it REALLY tight!”

Both women squealed and then slammed the bathroom door in Fred’s face.

When the door opened again, Clair’s bow was just as neat and even as Regina’s but, Fred noticed, the ribbons were still laced just as tight if not tighter than he had done them.

“Can you stay for dinner Helen?” Fred asked. “I have a couple of slave girls that are pretty good cooks.”

“No, I told Jenni that I’d be back for dinner, so they will be expecting me.” Helen said.

Regina rushed up and hugged Helen, somewhat surprising the more reserved Helen.

“Thank you SO much for a wonderful afternoon!” Regina said, sounding for all the world like a teenage girl thanking her date for dinner and a movie.

“You’re welcome. It was fun, you’re very trusting and brave, perhaps we can do it again sometime.” Helen answered.

Clair could swear that Regina blushed.

As Clair and Regina were fixing spaghetti for dinner, with their cunts still laced shut, Regina asked shyly, “So, can you give me Helen’s phone number?”
