---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/spandex/storieslz/voyeur.html
subcategory: Maid-bot Stories
title: Voyeur
authors:
- XVX
tags:
- Solo-f
- machine/f
- catsuit
- sleepsack
- susp
- climax
- caught
- M/f
- mc
- bond
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2010-04-06 00:00:00
---

This story was an entry into the 2010 Winter Fetish Story Contest

It was not the idea situation to be in.

It could be a lot worse. In fact it could get a great deal worse.

And a great deal better.

It started out for Kelli O’Kelly, Yes it is her real name, innocently came to such a rather unusual predicament enough when several unrelated items fell together. And as such things happen. They do not occur all at once.

First her uncle, the one she was named after. Died and left her a small amount of money. Not that she needed it. She was in collage on a full scholarship. Cheerleader scholarship. Odd but true. But her degree was going to be engineering. She had grown up with all sort of building toys. Lego. Erector sets. Lincoln logs. Building an creating things. It was her passion.

So she invested the money and put some in a co-op. Land she learned. They only can make so much of it.

Then she graduated collage with honors and found a job waiting for her. Two years passed and she was climbing up the corporate ladder and not afraid to get her hands dirty.

But then something began to gnaw at her.

She was lonely and her biological clock was ticking away. Her friends where married and had children.

High school and collage never was time for any lasting relations with men or boys. Plus at the time there was a wave of date rapes happening. So it did deter her from making the date scene.

Now the shock of her virginity was setting in. She wanted some one to love her for who she was. It is a lot to ask and now regret was seeping in.

She wanted to feel the most intensive orgasm in the world.  She wanted to make up for lost time.

Kelli was a smart girl and did her homework. Would any man give her what she wanted or how would she know.

She needed a base line to compare it to. But aside from having sex with one man to the next just seemed too much of a bother. She needed a scientific approach.

It was at work  another piece fell into to place. NASA needed ideas and concept for manned deep space mars trip.

One factor was weightlessness.  Short term effect and long term effects. How it could be managed could artificial gravity be created. How to combat its effect. And so on.

Her company threw it out to all employees. It would be a free lunch on a Friday. So on a sunny Sacramento afternoon she decide to participate in this free thinking forum in the company arboretum.

These bull session often lead to rather amazing ideas and International Engineering was known for some radical ideas. Which was one reason she wanted to work for them. They where happy to have her.

It was at this session the company new wonder boy. A intern came up with two ideas. Semi suspended animation. And the movie the Matrix. The first one.

Another movie. 2001 seemed to been suggested. But the medical profession had been placing people in a induced coma at times. A study of that may be useful.

A closet trekkie herself. She remembered the old series and the second movie. The Wraith of Khan. The premise was Khan people had been in suspend animation. The episode ended with them being marooned on a planet. Then in the movie found them again.

From this free thinking. A spinning ship proved to be to costly and hard to control. The idea of the astronaut in  a magnetic space suit made it to problematic because of the equipment needed on the journey would be too sensitive to any magnetic astronaut. Plus the weight of opposing magnets made the ship too heavy.

However place an astronaut in a prickly suit. As they called it. Seemed to have some merit.

Like in the Matrix. They had to re-grow Neo muscles. A suit lined with electrodes. Small miniature shocks. Would keep atrophy at bay.

Then the wonder boy. The intern Kyle. Threw something in the mix that got her curiosity. Why do astronauts need feet and legs. His thought the suit should have a mermaid look. After all, legs in space are more of hazard. Swimming in space was more efficient.

NASA had a huge moon pool where they trained weightless in. It just taking the concept one step further.

Not the suit in space should have fins or anything. But again the idea had merit.

She found her self attracted to him because like her. He had a brain. He was attractive and was not afraid to speak his mind even it the idea was totally insane. A quality she had learn to tone down during her years in working here.

Kelly and Kyle found themselves going to a internet café afterward. She had asked him. Which was very awkward because she never was sure if she ever asked anyone for dinner or coffee after work

It was not a date. Not that she called it one. They worked through every pad of paper they both had and then it was to napkins.

Kyle Landrew was a late bloomer. Tried for the army core of engineers but a broken leg got him a medical discharge.

He still got some of benefit and pushed his way through college. He did not get the full ride like she did. Benefits covered tuition and book. Not much else. This intern job was dumb luck. He was only three years younger than her.

He was on his last year of school then would have to see if IE would hire him.

Another piece fell into place. When she found he was in the apartment complex across the alley from hers. Two floors down and one across. She did not tell him where she lived. Nor did she tell him that she was his landlord. Or at least one of many.

The final pieces where ready to fall into place.

Once at her home she tried more searching online. She stumbled across a website that intrigued her .

Winter Fetish. More over the material. A Darlex sleep sack. It almost seemed made to order.

It had the mermaid idea and with a little modification or even a separate inner suit. With the electrode and other monitoring probes. It could work.

The arm binder also was a turn on. Kelli stayed up all night. And in a burst of supreme inspiration. Wrapped herself up in a sheet as tight as she could. It felt good. Too good. As she squirmed around she was starting to get off. Her body heat rose. Blood pressure racing. Her brain was releasing all sort of long dead chemical stimulus. She had to force herself to stop.

It brought back a camping memory. One she was not proud of.  One girl. Her name she had forgotten. Got a bit too drunk. And went to sleep in her mummy sleeping bag. Then they placed her in a hammock and duct taped her in. she looked like a fly webbed and wrapped tightly waiting for the spider to come.

Her struggles where amazing to watch. She actually wanted a spider to show up.

She seemed to having a good time and now she began to understand a little of what that girl was feeling and possibly doing while cocooned.

It was late morning when she unwrapped herself. She felt renewed and alive. Like a butterfly reborn and she had not even ‘gone all the way‘.

She took a small trash sack and place both arms in it behind her back. Although it did not bind her arms as the arm binder did. It gave her a good idea on the feeling and what to expect. The restriction. Helplessness. The compression. Her mind reeled with the possibilities.

Some how ideas began to flood her brain. How could she get into and out and arm binder and sleep sack.

Plus how to monitor her condition and vital signs.

That week at work she and Kyle batted more ideas back and forth. She kept her own motive secret.

She set up private account. Kelli had access to a number of contractors through her work. She began to construct her self bondage device.

Plus be suspended and control by a computer program. It sent erotic chills down her spine.

Underwater presented too many problems. But a hammock of sort. Like a harness. Seemed to answer a number of problems.

A ball gag also with liquid nutrient force fed into her. And a tube to remove liquid wastes was also needed.

While she began to order the right part and assemble it. She also experimented on diet.

Using herself as a test subject. The best she could survive was six days. Maybe seven. With out any degradation to her overall health.

A crew of six could rotate like in the movie 2001. Three on and three off. This would extend supplies. Save air and keep the crew fit.

She and Kyle spent every free moment working on it.. And after two weeks they submitted a proposal to the head of IE. Who then sent it off to NASA.

That would have been the end of it. Of coarse it was. From a working theoretical stand point. She used the data and took it to the next level.

Her spare bedroom would be ideal. It was going to be a inter sanctum where she could work and not be effected by the outside world.

It was heavily insulated and double pane safety glass and heavy curtains kept any noise form entering. Or perhaps leaving.

She found a way to have the arm binder close and fasten itself on her. The internal sleeve on the Winter Fetish sleep sack would hold any equipment and small sack of fluids. A back up reserve. A spandex cat suit from the same fetish company had be transformed into the prickly/sensory suit measuring everything she felt and did. It also was design to ‘re-grow’ her muscle but not in the way  the movie would.

In fact the electrode where connected to a computer program the would find a way to would gauge her reactions and try to improve them.

She nicknamed it the Excessive Machine. A nod to the campy Barberella movie she had seen in collage.

A set of tiny LCD screen that could go clear  where mounted inside a swim mask visor. This allow her to see outside the mask but only for five minute and she set the program to allow her to so once every twelve hours.

 The LCD screen would ask her questions on how she felt. Was it good for you and anything with a yes/ no or true false A or B answer. Kelli even rigged it that if she got one hundred questions right she would get a reward of pleasure base on the last successful response she had. Her visor would remain clear until the ‘go’ code was entered.

Some where she had read that devoid of external stimulus. The brain gets a little crazy and more focused. So she hoped not only would she have the ultimate sex machine she would come out a smarter.

 Her response was controlled by a squeeze bulb in her right hand. She could enter an abort code. Which would release her. But the abort code could only be enable after fifteen minutes. On her left arm she strapped a small knife and scissors in a nylon sleeve.  It was her last ditch back up. Just under the arm binder would be a rip cord.

The rip cord needed two hands and required squeezing the handle and pulling the two circle inside the handle away from each other. An action that could not be performed while her hand where bound inside the binder.

‘Pulling’ the cord would release all the cables and would drop her to the ground.

Between her arms was the back pack where camel back water supply was. It was the primary reservoir of water. The sleeve in the sleep sack held her food reserves. The backup water bladder, along with all the electrical connections. It would also confine her arms just a bit more.

From the back pack, tubes and wire ran to feed her and give her water. If she wanted water she would chew on the ball gag. Water would be squirted into her throat. She practiced it to make sure she did not choke.

Piece by piece she tested every item on a dummy with the same weight, height and build as her. Something else she needed. She just ordered a human analogue like a used crash test dummy which she named Barbie.

After all she was an engineer. She had to make sure it did not work once but all the time.

Then she put it all together.

First the prickly suit went on. securing the pee tube and vibrators. Then connecting all the external wires and tube the went down the umbilical cord. Bondage hood. Then the mask and ball gag. Posture collar made of hard plastic to reduce head movement prevent her being strangled if something should go wrong in the harness. Then the arm binder and then the sleep sack. Then lie down in the harness and press the ‘go’ combination with the squeeze bulb.

She watch the Barbie arms become a single mass behind her back. The cable attached to the modified straps tighten it until the strain gauge told it to stop, Then the sleep sack pulled up and tighten. Then lying down on the harness. When the target white dots on the sleep sack she painted lined up with the optical sensors. The Excessive machine pulled the harness tight and lifted her up. The visor went dark and the machine began it evil work.

Twenty time she did it with Barbie. Making small adjustment here and there. Kelli was not sure which was giving her the biggest thrill. The fact that she had created such a machine or what it would do to her.

Now there was the moment of truth.

It was midsummer now. She turned a request for a weeks vacation. In two weeks time she would be at the mercy of her own diabolical device.

She did a ten minute test run the following weekend.

It took a bit of squirming to get herself lined up with the targets but she managed. Vibrators where off. She was saving herself for the big moment.

But even the squirming gave rise to her emotional level and her expectations.

Arms tightly bound behind the back. Legs compressed to a shapely single limb. Blind to the world except to what ever the Excessive machine displayed. Hear ears only hearing the sound of music or beep and tones. For the first time in her life.

She was not in control.

Chills where running from the top of her head to the toes on her feet. And she felt alive.

Kelli felt the world open up to her. Her brain seemed to expand beyond anything she thought possible. Idea and concept she never would have thought of came to her in a rush.

She had to focus to keep herself in this world. She used the recall code on the squeeze bulb and she was let down and could wiggle out of the sleep sack and then stand up. Hook the tip of the arm binder d-ring on a hook and pull it off her like a sock.

Once free she looked at her equipment. She wanted to go again. And nearly did. It was a siren song. It called to her. Her creation had a life of it own now and it needed her as she needed it.

It took some amount of will power that Kelli did not know she had to close the spare bedroom door behind her.

But everything worked. The scissors and knife where still strapped to her wrist and she removed her last failsafe.

She would have to wait.

It was not easy.  What few friends she did have she told she was going to a hotel in San Francisco  for a few days.

She also gave Kyle a spare key to her apartment. Finally revealing that she was his neighbor. But not telling him that she was part of the co-op that owned the building. Kyle was her last minute back up. If all went well. She would not have explain anything.

From noon Saturday to midnight the following Saturday she would be in the clutches of the Excessive machine.

Perhaps a bit melodramatic. But it certainly added flavor to this whole insane idea.

Three days to go and she had to work to focus on work. She also began her special diet. It was necessary to purge her system of any solid waste. It was hard concentrating knowing what lay in wait for her.

Nothing had come back from NASA on their ideas which was months ago but that was typical. Kyle seem a little out of focus. It had surprised him when she let him have the key.

But she had to have a back up plan.  They had not been seeing each other as much after work as they had but that was expected. The office talk had died down as well.

Friday night she could barely go to sleep. She could not wait and yet she dreaded it. She had a routine she had to observe. ‘Eat’ her liquid diet. And she added half a glass of wine and a dinner mint.

To her it meant that she had taken the poison pill and drank the power potion.

That night she pulled on a spare sleep sack and bondage hood she had ordered from Winter Fetish. She slid her arms into the internal sleeves. While lying  in bed she imaged that her tormentor whispering all the thing it would do for, and to her. From this moment on. She was a under the mind control of the Excessive machine.

Even though she could not pull the zipper all the way up. It felt good.

At six a.m. she bathed in scented oils. Imaging she was a being prepared as a sacrifice and turn up the air conditioning. It was going to be warm in the prickly suit. But she imagined she was descending into the cold caverns where the machine siren call guided her.

She double checked everything then began to go down checklist. She was sweating even though the room was a chilling seventy degrees. Prickly Suit. Hood, Gag, Collar. Connections. Wrist bulb. Knife and scissors. Visor. Halfway slip on the arm binder and press the go code.

The arm binder slid up and held her arms tightly behind her. The sleep sack slid up and then she lowered herself down into the harness. The visor showed her an over head view of herself and line up the targets.

When all was ready. The harness tighten and lifted her up. The visor asked if she was ready.

This was the final step.

She answered yes. There was no going back now.

The visor went dark.

She could see nothing. Hear nothing. Feel nothing. She had no sense of time. She wanted to deprive her senses of any input. But for how long it was up the Machine. She was totally not in control. She become a slave to the machines whims.

Boredom and anticipation where her first thoughts. Squirming around seemed to make her feel better.

At first it started slowly. She was barely aware of it. There was not vital reading it did not have or square inch of skin it could probe.

Questions on any subject would distract her at times. It was annoying but the machine would not continue unless she answered them.

Slowly the adaptive program was learning what it needed to do and how to do it.  What music to play  what probe and vibrators to use and at what intensity.

She felt it was attacking her and she was feeling the crunch. She answered it truthfully. Indicating what felt good and what did not

Then it went for broke.

She had not idea what day it was but the machine was going to get what it wanted.

Vibrator wavered up and down matching bio rhythms and heart rate to pulse rate to brain waves.

She could feel her eyes roll back into her head. She felt the earth move and her head seemed to explode. Her body gyrated in the harness wildly. Then had the mother of all orgasms. It was like flying. She could feel her consciousness leave her body. Her mind freed of it mortal shell seemed to flash with all manner of ideas. Concepts. Things so far advanced they were hard to grasp yet she did.

Then she came crashing down. The machine had stopped.

Kelli cried and screamed. But she had insulated the walls to muffle any sound. The window was double pane safety glass and the drapes where drawn.

The visor was not responding. She tried the abort code. Nothing. She tried to cut herself free but the sweat of her anticipation had made it possible for the armband with her knife and scissor to slide up her arm as the arm binder cinched up. So now the other back up, the rip cord, was impossible to use.

She was trapped.

In the silence she thought she heard some thing. Very faint. Car alarms. A lot of them.

She drifted off. What had gone wrong. She tried to wiggle out but suspended as she was. She had no leverage. But the effort did seemed to stimulate her but it just wasn’t enough. The machine had spoiled her.

Then her visor was lifted off her face.

It was Kyle.

He undid the ball gag. It was not hard for him to figure out what had happened.

Kyle seemed to understand. She confessed to everything. What choice did she have?

Then he explained there had been an earthquake. A big one.  When she felt the earth move. It had. Her combined flailing in the suspension harness and the earthquake had twisted the frame ever so much. It snarled the cable reels and her laptop had fallen off the table. It screen was cracked and had shut itself down.

Thankfully her water was not controlled by the computer and her food was a simple pump controlled by a timer and battery.

She had been in the clutches of the machine for three days.

Then something happened she did not expect.

Kyle demeanor had changed. He began to rant of how he had lived in her shadow at collage and how at work everyone was saying why he could not be as smart as her.

Then came the deal with the devil.

She would help him. She would help him write his term paper.

Kelli agreed.

She though she would be set free but Kyle seemed to have other ideas.

He force the gag back into her mouth and left her. Then returned with cable cutter and cable stays. The cable stay where clamped and prevented any slack. So after cutting the cables. She would not be able to wiggle out of the harness.

He began to mess around with her back pack. Then to her lap top. He took out her hard drive and placed it onto his own computer. He began poking around and found what he was looking for.

The Excessive Machine program.

She sucked on her water and food watching helplessly as he began to dissect its program. It was getting dark. The forth day was starting. He remarked about the data and wonder if it could kill her if had taken things too far.

He then confessed something to her.

He needed money and supplied a number of collage boys drugs. Nothing like meth or crack cocaine. No what he did was supply them with the date rape drug.

Using a dead drop and rented post boxes. He made a small amount of money. Not a great deal. He was nearly caught once.

She was feeling drowsy. She tried to concentrate on him but something was happening.

Then he let loose a bombshell. He had drugged her.

When she woke up she was in a warehouse. It was looked to be a storage place for caravel rides.

She began to look about some more and spotted Kyle working on one ride. It had three rings. It was a single seated ride that spun you in all three axis like a gyroscope.

She hated that ride.

She began to slowly try to slink away. She got about ten feet when he caught her. Between the drug and her orgasm. She had not a lot of strength to fight him off. Worse the effort of just trying to slither away began to make her feel the need.

A brief half second before he scooped her up she envisioned crawling her way back to the machine.

He began to secure her to the inner ring. She tried to scream but he said something to effect of ’ Mew like a kitten.’

Then she began to mew like a kitten. Pitifully weak little mewing through her gag.

Kyle explained the drug was a mind controlling hallucination compound he made that weakens the will of the subject and makes them very susceptible to suggestion even after the drug initial effect have worn off. It did not work on all people. But her will had been broken down by the Excessive Machine. She was very susceptible.

She tried to stop mewing but she could not. It was like being hypnotized. You know something is not right yet you continue to do it.

Once he had finished. He dragged a fun house mirror to show his work.

She was in a center of web. Cables radiated from all point her body holding her fast to the inner most ring.

He told her she was now connected wirelessly to The Machine and her gyration would only be enhanced by body position. The machine would also seek out the correct angle to place her. Spinning and g forces. Along with not know which way would be up. Would give her a mock sense of weightlessness.

He also would be able to tell if she was lying to him. For the data her machine had already collected formed a base line to which he could compare it to.

She was his term paper.

So now here we are.

It was not the idea situation to be in.

It could be a lot worse. In fact it could get a great deal worse.

And a great deal better.

Kyle place the visor on her. From here she would be his little lab sex toy. She would say, do anything to have one more experience. To, in her words. Try to touch the face of creation.

Kelli mind had expanded yet her body was grounded. It is said that human only used ten percent of your brain. To go beyond. To be a voyeur. Is something she tried to achieve. But at what cost?

Kyle used her. A human computer. An oversexed and overclocked one to be sure.  But a computer none the less. She would spout out idea and concept beyond imagining.

Kelli had became what some wish to be. But often as it is not. When the abyss looks back upon you.

It is best not to blink.
