---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Mommy's Surprise
authors:
- Rubee01
tags:
- Solo-M
- M/m
- MM/m
- D/s
- latex
- fem
- inf
- tv
- suckle
- denial
- mast
- oral
- anal
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2005-03-06 00:00:00
---

Johnnie had been excited by rubber ever since he could remember. He
had been raised by a mother that kept him in rubber pants and rubber sheets
when he was an infant. He had learned to welcome the warm slippery feel
of rubber as a comfort when sleeping in his crib. His mother also had draped
a rubber sheet over her shoulder and lap to protect her clothes while nursing
him, and his infant mind soon learned that the feel of rubber was the satisfaction
of his need for love and nourishment.

In Johnny's early childhood his mother became ill and short tempered,
and had little patience for giving him the attention and love that he needed.
Lacking this maternal love, he turned to his infant memories and found
love and comfort in his old rubber sheets that he had found stored away
in the attic. He was too young to have any awareness of sex, but whenever
he felt bad, either from his mother's neglect, or just general tiredness,
he would retreat to his room, wrap himself in the rubber sheets and nestle
in his bed. This always made him feel warm and happy. He always wrapped
in rubber to sleep for the night and always slept well, dreaming of his
mother. He would often wake in the morning to find that, in his sleep,
he had taken a corner of the rubber sheet into his mouth and was sucking
on it, as he dreamed of nursing at his mother's breast.

As he started to reach puberty, Johnny would feel strange stirrings
in his penis as he cuddled his rubber and sucked on the sheet. He had long
since wrapped his pillow in a rubber sheet and placed bunched up towels
under it to form breasts, and would go to sleep covered in rubber and nursing
on the rubber covered breasts. He woke up one morning, sucking on the rubber,
and felt his penis stirring. He felt his penis and it was standing straight
out. It felt good as it moved against the rubber sheet and he reached down
and rubbed the sheet against it. He did not know what was happening, but
it felt wonderful. He continued sucking on the rubber breast as he pumped
his erection against the rubber sheet. It was slippery with his juice and
felt better and better as he thrust faster and harder. He was consumed
with pleasure as he sucked on the breast and worked his erection against
the sheet. Suddenly his penis jumped and spurted creamy cum onto the rubber
sheet. He was afraid that he had wet the bed, but when he looked down he
saw his lovely creamy load. It reminded him of milk, so he spread it on
the rubber breast and started to nurse on it. It tasted good and he licked
up all of it, running his tongue around and around on the breast as he
sucked on it.

Life continued much like this for the next couple of years. Each night
Johnny would set up his rubber bed with his sheets and rubber pillow. He
had found that he could partially inflate rubber balloons and put them
inside the pillow for breasts, with the neck of the balloon serving a nipple.
By the time he slid between the rubber sheets, he would already be hard.
He would wrap his erection in the rubber sheet and caress the rubber against
his balls. Then he would pump his penis into the sheet until he was about
to cum. Releasing his penis from the sheet, he would spurt his load of
cum onto one of the rubber breasts, and then slide down between the sheets
and take the breast in his eager mouth. He would suck and lick and drink
up all the cum, imagining that it was milk. Then, falling asleep with the
taste of cum on the breast that was still in his mouth, he would literally
sleep like a baby. Johnny reveled in his rubber nest every night and no
one could understand why he was always eager to go to bed so early each
night.

Johnny lived like this through his teen years, during which his parents
passed away leaving him with the house and enough money to keep him through
school. One day he passed a hospital supply store that had a sale sign
for rubber sheets and incontinent bloomers. They were selling off all of
their rubber goods before stocking up on the newer materials He bought
up all of their supply and rushed home to enjoy his purchases. From that
day forward he always wore a pair of knee length rubber bloomers under
his regular clothes.

After high school he felt that he needed to find a job, but he had not
done well in school and had to take whatever lowly positions he could find.
He eventually was hired as a janitor in an adult club that catered to the
fetish community. It didn't pay much, but he loved seeing all the customers
in their fetish clothing, especially the ones in rubber. He never had the
nerve to approach any of them, but, by just seeing them, he was totally
excited by the time he got home. He would rush to get undressed and into
his rubber bed for his nightly pleasures.

One evening, while sweeping the floor, he noticed a woman seated at
the bar. She was dressed in a beautiful purple rubber dress that accentuated
her large breasts. He could even see her nipples outlined under the rubber.
He was mesmerized. All he could think of was sucking on those beautiful
rubber breasts. He stood staring as his now rigid penis leaked pre-cum
into his rubber pants. She glanced at him, seeing the large bulge in his
pants, and addressed him in a low husky voice, asking him if he liked her
dress. He was numb with shyness, but managed to nod as he stared at her
breasts.

The woman saw him greedily staring at her breasts, and gently placed
her hand under one breast, lifting it to point directly at Johnny, and
asked if he wanted to suck on it. Without thinking, he mumbled, "Oh yes
mommy". Her eyes gleamed as she glanced at his bulging pants, that were
now jumping as he shot his cum into the rubber, and she asked him if he
wanted a rubber mommy and to be her rubber baby. He nodded dumbly as she
softly caressed his pants, feeling the slippery rubber underneath. "Come",
she said, "I will take care of you", and led him out to her car.

On arriving at Mommy's house, she led him into a bedroom and told him
that this would be his nursery. The bed was covered with a rubber duvet,
which she turned back to reveal soft white rubber sheets. She instructed
him to remove his shoes and lie down on the bed. As he did so, the feel
of the soft rubber sheet brought his penis to life, and by the time he
had lain down, his pants were again bulging. Mommy removed his clothes,
leaving only his rubber bloomers, which were now forming a tent over his
erection. She commented on what an eager rubber lover he was as she fondled
his slippery penis through the rubber pants. He shook with pleasure as
the slippery rubber moved over his engorged glans.

Mommy sat on the bed beside him and lifted his head against her rubber
covered breasts. He immediately started to lick on the tight rubber until
his tongue found a nipple. Johnny was so happy to again be at a real breast,
in his mind he was back in his childhood and took the nipple in his mouth
and started to suck. He opened his mouth wide and took in as much of the
breast as he could, sucking hard as his tongue played around the rubber
covered nipple. As he nursed happily on the rubber breast, Mommy gently
massaged his slippery rubber pants over his quivering erection. He snuggled
close to her rubber body in joyous pleasure. He was happy for the first
time in years. He had a loving rubber mommy to care for him. Finally the
pleasure was too much for him to hold back, and he squirted another load
of cum into his rubber pants.

Mommy lifted him from her lap and lay him on the rubber sheet. She asked
him if he was really ready to be her rubber baby, accept her as his mommy,
be a good baby, accept all of her instructions and never say no to her.
Lapsing into baby talk, he replied, "Oh mommy, I loves you. I be good boy.
I not say no."  Mommy gently patted his rubber rear and told him that
if he ever said no to her he would get a nasty spanking.

The first task was to get him cleaned up. She removed his cum filled
rubber pants and threw them in the trash. Then she cleaned all the cum
from his body, and rubbed baby powder all over him, giving special attention
to his balls. Then she brought out an adult sized diaper, which she pinned
onto him. As she worked his penis started to rise. She pushed it down between
his legs and told him that he would not need that any more. She had decided
that he would be her baby girl. He was not to be allowed to cum again and
if he continued to get hard, she would place his penis in a device that
would prevent it.

After the diapering, he was dressed in a frilly pink rubber outfit consisting
of loose baby doll panties and rubber top. Mommy covered him with the rubber
duvet while she left to change into a lovely rubber night gown. When she
returned, she lifted him in her strong arms and carried him to the rubber
upholstered sofa. She sat down, cuddling him in her arms as she guided
his head to her breast. Without further instruction he started to nurse,
sucking happily on the rubber covered breast . After a few minutes of sucking,
mommy produced a bottle of milk with an adult sized rubber nipple, held
him in her arms, and placed the nipple in his mouth. He was hungry and
sucked eagerly on the bottle. He finished all the milk and looked for more.

Mommy said she was a good girl and she had a special treat for her,
an even better bottle. She moved Johnny down so that his head was in her
lap and lifted her night gown revealing her penis. She was a transvestite!!
Johnny gasped in surprise and looked questioningly at his mommy. "Just
think of it as a special bottle of cream and you must suck it all out."
she said, and slid her hardening cock into Johnny's mouth. He started to
nurse, sucking and licking, as he held the base of her penis and gently
squeezed and rubbed. Oh, it was good! He hungrily sucked as he took the
tasty organ deeper and deeper into his mouth.

As he was sucking on mommy's delicious cock, she reached inside his
rubber pants and diaper and tickled his anus with her rubber gloved finger.
She ran her finger around it and pressed gently into the opening. Johnny
moaned in pleasure, and mommy slid her finger into him, moving it around
inside him. She found his prostate and started to press and rub. Johnny's
penis started to tingle with pleasure, but, being trapped in the tight
diaper, it could not get hard. Mommy inserted a second finger, and then
a third, and started pumping them in and out. She told Johnny that every
girl had to have a pussy and that was what they were going to call this
hole from now on. "Now," she said, "I am going show you what girl's pussies
are for."

Mommy slid her cock from Johnny's mouth, and, to satisfy his sucking,
gave him a large pacifier. She turned him over, pressing his face into
the rubber upholstery, and raised his hips in the air. She pulled down
the back of his rubber pants and diaper, threw the front of her rubber
nightgown over his back, and spread his cheeks, revealing the entrance
to his 'pussy'. She pressed the head of her excited cock against the opening.
She was already wet and slippery from Johnny's sucking, and it easily slid
in. Johnny moaned with pleasure, and responded by pushing his hips back
and forth in time with Mommy's plunging cock. It was thrilling feeling
Mommy's slippery cock pumping in and out of his 'pussy' while her rubber
gown brushed softly over his back. As the fucking grew faster and deeper,
Johnny felt his insides start to shake and tense with pleasure. Suddenly
he dropped the pacifier from his mouth and screamed with sexual release
as waves of mind numbing ecstasy ran through his body, He had had his first
orgasm! At the same time he could feel Mommy's cock jump as she unloaded
her cum deep inside him.

As they slowly separated from their rubber loving, Johnny fell into
Mommy's arms and looked at her adoringly. "Mommy, I love you", he gurgled,
as he again nursed at her rubber breast.

"I love you too, my sweet rubber
baby girl." Mommy responded, "We are going to have a wonderful life together,
and I will teach you all about how to be a complete rubber girl".

First we must get you ready to go shopping. "You must get undressed
and put these on." she said, handing him a pair of tight rubber briefs
with a large rubber penis on the inside.

He pulled them on and the dildo slid easily into his 'pussy' which was
still dripping with Mommy's cum. She told him that he must always wear
them and keep his 'pussy' filled except when she was using it, and that
his useless penis must always be pushed back tightly between his legs.
As he had no other clothes, he put on his man's clothes, and Mommy led
him out to the car. She remarked that she couldn't wait to get rid those
awful things, and get him dressed like a real little rubber girl.

Mommy drove into town, parked, and took him by the hand and walked him
to a fetish shop where she was well known. They were greeted by a sales
person dressed in a tight fitting yellow body suit that beautifully displayed
large breasts with inviting nipples. Johnny was quivering in excitement
at seeing this gorgeous creature. Mommy introduced him to her and explained
that this was her new rubber girl, and that she wanted a full rubber wardrobe
for her. "Oh," she said, "that'll be a pleasure. My name is Annie, and
I suggest that we go to one of our private viewing rooms where you can
make your selections."

Annie led them into a room entirely furnished in rubber. The walls,
floor and furniture were all covered with rubber. At one side was a large
sofa, and on it were several large rubber sheets. Annie directed Johnny
to strip, leaving only his dildo pants, and led them over to the rubber
sofa. Mommy sat and unfolded one of the rubber sheets, wrapped it around
Johnny and took him in her lap. Annie excused herself for a moment, and
while they waited, Mommy swished the soft rubber sheet around his body
with one hand and with the other reached under his behind and played with
his dildo. He was in heaven, cuddled in his Mommy's lap, wrapped in the
rubber sheet, with the dildo filling his 'pussy'.

**Mommy's Surprise Pt.2**
By Rubee01 Rubee01@yahoo.com
Annie returned with three models, each dressed in rubber. Each turned
and strutted in a beautiful rubber display, and, one by one, left to return
in a new outfit. Mommy had instructed that they be shown only items appropriate
for a young girl. They were shown a wide variety of rubber underclothes,
baby doll nighties, dresses, stockings, and gloves. Johnny knew Mommy was
pleased with the rubber wardrobe; he could feel her excitement rising under
his rear. He could hardly wait to be dressed in one of the rubber outfits,
partially because he knew how good it would feel, but mainly because he
knew how much it would please Mommy.

Finally Mommy made her selections and purchased a rubber wardrobe for
every occasion; lovely night gowns and baby dolls for nighttime, lounging
pajamas and robes for around the house, and two complete ensembles for
street wear. Mommy asked to have it all wrapped for immediate delivery,
except for one of the outfits, which Johnny was to wear home. Johnny wondered
about the walk to the car, it was several blocks, and a lot of people were
on the street. What would they think? Still, he did not dare question Mommy's
wishes.

Mommy stood him in the center of the room as Annie came in with the
pile of rubber that he was to wear. As Mommy slid the rubber sheet from
his shoulders, Annie reached down and peeled off his panties. The dildo
slid out with a pop, and left him with an empty feeling. Annie smiled gently
and promised to replace it soon. He did not have time to feel embarrassed
about standing there naked, as Annie quickly slid on a pair of heavy rubber
briefs to hide the evidence of his maleness and confine it between his
legs. He could feel cool air at his rear, and knew his 'pussy' was exposed
by a hole in the rear of the briefs. The hole was quickly filled by the
well lubricated remote control dildo which Annie slid through it into his
'pussy'. She pulled the opening in the briefs over the base of the dildo
to hold it in, and then walked him over to the sofa, wrapped him a rubber
sheet, told him to sit, and handed the controls to Mommy.

Mommy could not wait to try the controls, and pushed one button that
caused the dildo to expand and contract, sending pulsating waves of pleasure
through Johnny's body as it pumped against his sphincter and prostate.
He gyrated his rear end against the rubber sofa and pulled the rubber sheet
over his head and buried his face in it, as he moaned and jumped with rubber
pleasure. Then Mommy pressed the second button which added vibrations to
the motion of the dildo. Johnny convulsed in spasms of passion, bucking
his 'pussy' against the sofa and rubbing the rubber sheet all over his
face and body. Annie and Mommy laughed at his antics and decided that he
was really ready to be a rubber girl. Finally they turned off the dildo,
but left it in place.

Johnny was exhausted, and meekly participated in the process of getting
dressed in his new rubber outfit. Annie had lubricated everything with
talc, and the process was easy. First was garter belt and white rubber
stockings, followed by pink rubber panties that came down to the middle
of his thighs with frilly rubber lace at the bottom. Annie then slipped
a lightly padded rubber bra over his shoulders, indicating that it was
necessary to enhance his image a girl, and to make his dress fit properly.
The dress was a very girlish pinafore style in pink and white rubber. It
felt wonderful as Annie slid it over his head, guided his arms into the
puffy sleeves, and slid it down over his body. The full skirt swished sexily
over his pink panties, and was short enough to reveal the lacy rubber trim
every time he moved. The ensemble was completed when Annie slipped a pair
of shiny black rubber low heeled shoes onto Johnny's rubber stockinged
feet.

When Annie and Mommy stood back to view their rubber girl a glaring
omission was obvious. Johnny's masculine hair just would not do. Annie
quickly brought out a wig with long blond curls, in a cute Shirley Temple
style, slipped it onto Johnny's head, and stepped back to view the results.
With a big smile she threw her arms around Johnny and pulled him tight
against her rubber breasts, as she told him what a beautiful rubber girl
he was. Johnny nestled happily against Annie's breasts, feeling the beautiful
rubber caressing his body. Suddenly he was aware of the swelling between
Annie's legs, realizing the she, too, was a he/she. He thrilled at the
idea of this beautiful rubber goddess making rubber love to him, but she
quickly turned him to face Mommy. She was obviously pleased with what she
saw, and Johnny ran to her, and, holding her close, murmured, "Oh Mommy,
I love you, I love my new rubber clothes, and I love being your rubber
girl."

"I love you to, my rubber darling." Mommy whispered. "Now It is time
to go home."

Johnny expressed his fear that people on the street would laugh at him.
Mommy told him that if he was happy in his rubber life, he should be proud
to be such a lovely rubber girl. If people did not understand, that was
their problem. Johnny nodded and they walked out arm in rubber arm. As
they walked up the street most people did not even notice, a few stared,
but said nothing. One old man tried to proposition them, but Mommy sent
him off with some choice invective. Johnny pranced proudly up the street,
loving the feel of the rubber swishing around his body and revealing the
rubber lace of his panties at every step. His penis started to harden and
ooze pre-cum, especially when Mommy hit the remote and started the dildo
throbbing in his 'pussy'. Suddenly he wished he could cum, but his tight
rubber briefs prevented any possibility. Mommy sensed what was happening
and turned off the remote, telling him that he was not ready for that yet.
She told him that the time would come when his training was complete.

On arriving home, Mommy suggested that he must be tired from the shopping
trip, and he readily agreed. Mommy helped him out of his rubber clothes,
leaving only the tight briefs and dildo. She then dressed him in his baby
doll nightie and put him to bed between his rubber sheets, while she went
to warm his bottle. He rested, snug in his rubber bed until Mommy returned
with the bottle. It had a large nipple in the shape of a penis. Mommy sat
on the bed and held him in her lap as she slid the nipple into his mouth.
He sucked eagerly, drinking in the warm milk, while Mommy caressed his
rubber body. He was happy in his Mommy's arms and sucked hungrily on the
penis nipple until the milk was gone.

He was delighted when Mommy suggested that he might like some of her
special cream for desert and immediately slid his head under her rubber
skirt to find her 'bottle' already in full erection and dripping pre-cum.
He licked the pre-cum from it and slid his lips over it, sucking it into
his mouth. Mommy could not hold back and she started to pump in and out
of his mouth as she massaged her rubber skirt over his head. Johnny was
hungry for the taste of Mommy's cream and sucked hard as he massaged the
'bottle' with his tongue. At last he could feel Mommy jump as her cream
spurted into his mouth. She had waited all day for this and shot load after
load into him. He loved it and sucked hard to get every delicious drop,
savoring it in his mouth before swallowing it all. He loved the feel of
Mommy's rubber skirt around his head, and the beautiful 'bottle' hidden
there. He loved the smell of it, the feeling of it sliding in and out between
his lips and running over his tongue, and the taste of the wonderful creamy
cum that rewarded his efforts. Most of all he loved knowing that his rubber
Mommy was pleased with him.

Mommy left the bed and told him to take a nap. He nestled happily between
the rubber sheets in his rubber nightie, and quickly fell asleep. He woke
to feel Mommy sliding the dildo from his 'pussy'. and as she went to toss
it in the bath tub for later cleaning, he saw that she was wearing a lovely
rubber night gown She slid behind him between the rubber sheets and held
him close, running her hands all over his body. He grew more and more excited
as he felt her penis hardening against his behind. Finally she slid down
his rubber panties and slid her slippery penis into the hole in his briefs.
It was well lubricated with her pre-cum and slid easily between his cheeks
and into his 'pussy'. It felt so good as she took short strokes, plunging
it deeper each time, until he was full with her whole rod. She started
with a long slow pumping. It felt wonderful as she thrust in and out, thrilling
him with every stroke. He tightened his muscles around her penis to increase
the wonderful feeling, and soon he felt the tempo quicken as she came closer
to completion. She rammed it in and out faster and faster until he felt
it jump as she filled him with her cum. He hated for it to stop, but Mommy
told him to go back to sleep. He happily snuggled in the rubber bed, knowing
that he had a loving Mommy to take care of him, and keep him happy in rubber
love.

When he awoke he got out of bed, still dresses in his baby doll rubber
nightie, and went looking for Mommy. To his surprise, he found her sitting
on the sofa with Annie. They were both in rubber body suits and were hugging
and fondling each other. Both had obvious large erections showing through
the rubber.

"Oh, Johnny. I'm glad you are awake. We were just talking about you",
Mommy said, "Come sit between us my rubber darling."

Johnny sat and his head was immediately trapped between four rubber
breasts as they both hugged him close. He was in heaven as he turned his
head back and forth, feeling the rubber massaging his head. Soon he found
a nipple and started to nurse, and then turned for a second one. He switched
back and forth, nursing first on Mommy and then on Annie. Mommy and Annie
were getting hotter and hotter and reached to fondle each other's penises
through their rubber suits.

Suddenly Mommy pulled back and told Johnny that she had another bottle
of cream ready for him. She opened the front of her suit and revealed her
cock already oozing pre-cum. Johnny leaned over to take her in his mouth,
but she stopped him and told him to stand between her feet and lean over
to suck on her. This was different but he did as he was told. He stood
in front of her and leaned over. She thrust her cock upward and he licked
the juicy beads of precum from it before sliding his lips over it and lowering
his head to take in her whole length. He loved the feel of Mommy in his
mouth and happily licked and sucked.

In his pleasure he barely noticed when Annie stood up and stepped behind
him, but became totally aware when Annie pulled down his baby doll rubber
pants and removed his dildo. He heard Annie unzip her suit and felt
her cock press against his 'pussy'. She was well lubricated with precum
and slid easily into him. She did not pause, but plunged her entire cock
into him, pushing him forward onto Mommy's penis shoving it all the way
down his throat. It felt like they were trying to meet in the middle and
he loved every bit of it. He was trapped between these two beautiful rubber
creatures as they timed their thrusts to rock him back and forth in a wonderful
explosion of rubber loving. Both Mommy and Annie eased off whenever they
were about to cum, making the pleasure last and last. Johnny was lost in
a passion of rubber love and hoped it would go on forever. Finally neither
of his lovers could hold off any longer and they both exploded deep inside
him. As he sucked up Mommy's cum he could feel Annie load streaming into
his insides. His own cock quivered and shook in it's rubber confines and
his balls ached for release. He wished he could cum too, but he knew that
was not allowed.

In the ensuing months, Mommy slept with him in his rubber bed every
night and they would make wonderful rubber love before falling asleep in
each other's arms. Often he would wake to the feel of Mommy's penis sliding
into his 'pussy' and they would fall back to sleep with Mommy inside him,
locked together in rubber bliss. Often Annie would visit for an evening
of three way rubber love, and sometimes she would stay for the night. Then
the three of them would play together in the rubber bed, with Johnny in
the middle, pleasing his lovers over and over again. More and more Johnny
wished that he too could be like them and empty his pent up sperm. One
night he hesitantly said, "Mommy, I want to be like you and Annie. I want
to be a she/he too."

Annie and Mommy looked at each other and finally Mommy said, "Yes, I
guess you are ready." They explained to him that they were members of a
club called 'The Sisterhood of Rubber She/He's', and that they met every
week for mutual fun and games. The club provided a service that arranged
paying sessions for men that liked rubber T-girls, and that it was how
they earned their living. They would take him to their next meeting and
initiate him into the club. Johnny was so excited he could hardly wait
for the day to come.

But that is another story.
