---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Widow, Corset, Ropes, Submission Part 2: Moored On A Yacht'
authors:
- Margaret M
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- rope
- submission
- nipple
- tease
- outdoors
- oral
- sex
- climax
- 'true'
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Widow, Corset, Ropes, Submission**](widowcorsetropessubmission.html))

**Part 2: Moored On A Yacht**

On Wednesday Jerry called to let me know that he was going to take me to a sea food restaurant on City Island and that after dinner, if I would like, we would borrow a friend’s boat and take a short cruise around the bay. I told him I’d never been on a boat but thought it sounded exciting and was looking forward to it.

Since we were going to go on a boat I wore jeans, shirt, sneakers and, even though it was July, Jerry suggested I bring along a light jacket in case it got chilly on the water.

He picked me up at about 7:00 PM and as most of the traffic on Friday evening is heading out to Long Island we made fairly good time going to the Bronx and then to City Island.

The restaurant was small and the food was scrumptious. We ate and talked for hours but never once spoke about the events of our first date. By the time we left to go to the boat it was almost midnight and I asked Jerry if it wasn’t too late. He laughed and said "not at all. We’ll go out for an hour or two, enjoy the view, and maybe even do some fishing."

I told him that the last time I went fishing I was a very young girl and had gone with my father and sister to fish off a pier. He said not to worry, he’d show me the ropes (and, yes, that is exactly what he said and, yes, I immediately thought about how my hands were tied on our last date).

It was exciting to "cast off" from the dock and stand next to Jerry as he guided the boat out of the marina and onto the star lit bay. Far off lights on the distant shore flickered, and aside from one or two other boats that I saw, we seemed to be all alone as the boat (Jerry called it a yacht) continued it’s journey on the bay. The sea breeze was lovely and, although it wasn’t cold, it did feel a bit chilly so I was glad to have brought the jacket.

Jerry stopped the engines and let the boat drift as took me in his arms and kissed me. I held him as tightly as I could and I (surprisingly) kissed him with a passion I thought long lost.

As before, Jerry reached up and took my hands in his and, while looking deep into my eyes, brought them down to my sides and then behind my back. He held them tightly together when he leaned in to kiss me. With my eyes closed I returned his kisses and very gently moved my hands in a not very serious attempt to free myself. My struggle was more submission than attempting to escape and as I began to move against him and put my tongue deeper into his mouth all I could think about was being under his control (again) and wanting him to do to me what he did before.

This may sound so cliché or totally corny but I did say, "yes, yes, please, take me".

Jerry pulled back and smiled and after releasing my hands from his grip he took me by my wrist and led me towards the back of the boat. There, in the corners near the rear were two poles (which I later learned fishing rods are inserted into) and after backing me up to one of them he helped me to sit and lean against it. From one of the seats in front of the pole Jerry grabbed a short piece of rope and began to tie my wrists in front of me and then over my head and to the pole.

Almost instantly all the feelings I had when I was tied the last time rushed over me and I again asked him to "take me". His smile glowed and before he used another rope he had grabbed he got on his knees and kissed and fondled me. His hands roaming over my breasts, his lips crushing mine, his nuzzling of my neck, his nipping my ear lobes, all making me wriggle and beg him not to stop. Gently he unzipped my jacket and tore open my blouse and, when he lifted my breasts out of my bra and put his lips on my nipple, I nearly screamed for more.

I was devastated when he stopped!

"What’s wrong", I asked, "Did I do something wrong?"

"You’ve done nothing wrong my dear, I’m just going to make you a bit more secure."

Despite the fact that I was now laid out on the deck of a boat in the middle of the bay with my hands tied to a pole, and was frightened and scared of what could happen I was also excited, both mentally and physically. I understood why I was scared and nervous but I didn’t understand why I felt so darned stimulated and, quite frankly, at that moment I didn’t really care why, I just wanted Jerry to keep doing what he was doing.

Moving his hands slowly over my breasts and down to my tummy, Jerry kept a slight pressure on me and with his fingers at my waist band he opened my jeans and pulled both my pants and panties down to my knees and then, after taking my sneakers off, pulled them completely off. Leaning back over me he kissed me and then began to OH SO SLOWLY! move his lips and tongue down my neck, my breasts, sucked on my nipples, and then started to work his way down to my puss. To say the least, this was driving me crazy and when he put his head between my thighs I tried to wrap my legs around him, to hold him there, to make him keep doing what he was doing!

Instead, he stopped and, again, leaned forward to kiss me. I could taste my own juices!

Reaching around the pole he took another piece of rope and went down to my ankles, took my left ankle, moved it to the opposite pole and tied it there. This left me with my right leg still free but it also made it so much easier for Jerry to touch and tease me. He was literally driving me wild, I could never have imagined anything like this happening!

With a final piece of rope he took my right ankle and tied it back to my right thigh. Now I could not even "grab him" with my legs. I could twist and turn and struggle and moan and plead but I was now forced to endure whatever devious thing he wanted to do and he certainly didn’t disappoint.

I’ve no clear recollection as to how long he teased me like that. But after a while he once more put his lips on my puss and began to roll my clit with his tongue while sucking it into his mouth. When I thought I couldn’t hold out any longer he put his fingers in my puss and with his (thumb?) began to massage the area between my puss and rear. This time he didn’t stop and I had the most fantastic orgasm I could ever have imagined!

Panting, trying to catch my breath, I had closed my eyes and hardly felt it when Jerry took his hand and mouth away and got on top of me. My eyes flung wide open as I felt him rest just at the entrance to my puss and then so damn slowly move forward and into me. I tried to wrap my legs around him but, of course, that was a useless effort.

Leaning more and more onto me his weight held me down as he quickened his pace. I tried squeezing him with my puss but wasn’t able to do much (today of course, after much practice, I can do much better but back then, no).

When he came I could feel his body stiffen and as he held himself still (inside me) I was cumming too. I screamed and screamed but was eventually silenced by his kiss. So hot, so damn hot, so damn wonderful!

He asked if I was all right and I told him I was better than all right!

Laughing he pulled himself up and told me to relax for a while. He went to the steering wheel, started the engines, and began the trip back to the marina.

I lay on the deck, still tied, exposed, spent, my nipples pointing at the stars, and I actually began to doze off!

Sometime before coming into the marina Jerry untied me and by the time we docked I was dressed and sitting on the seat next to him. With so many questions racing through my mind I didn’t know where to start. I didn’t even know how to tell him how I felt. This was only our second date and I hoped it would not be our last.

As he instructed I sat quietly in the car as he drove me home. He told me how much he loved tying women (bondage) and how much it meant to him to be with someone that would allow him to control her, to tease her, to control her in many ways and to also sexually torture her before and after orgasm.

I couldn’t really grasp everything he was saying, most of it I heard, but a lot of it was just a sort of background noise. As fidgeted in the car thinking of what he did to me, thinking of how I loved what he did to me, and thinking about how much I wanted him to do it again, I just couldn’t keep up with everything he was saying.

At my house he walked me to my door but when I asked if he wanted to come in he said he had an early appointment in the morning and had to leave. I was crushed. How could he, after everything that just happened, leave?

He kissed me and held me tight as I tried to rub myself against him, wanting him to change his mind.

Laughing, he pulled my hands down to my sides and told me that for trying to tease him just then he would make me pay the next time I saw him.

Laughing with him, he kissed me again and, as he turned to go to his car, I said "promises, promises".

With a final look at me from the car I watched him pull away and didn’t go into the house until he turned the corner and I could no longer see him.

In my bedroom I stripped, took a shower, put on my nightgown, snuggled under the blanket and with my last thoughts of Jerry tying me and forcing me to be his sexual plaything I fell asleep.

Due to conflicting schedules I didn’t see Jerry again for about three weeks. We talked on the phone several times each week and we spoke more and more about "bondage" and his likes and dislikes. The different types of things he enjoyed doing with his partner (submissive); that is, in addition to tying her up he insisted on her dressing "for him", the different things he loved doing in private as well as in public, how he loved being with a woman that also enjoyed some nipple play (squeezing, twisting, clamps, etc), spanking, subtle public humiliation, strict and sometimes uncomfortable bondage, anal sex and (as he described it) blow jobs.

All of our talks kept me a nervous wreck, lots of fear as to where he wanted to lead me, lots of fear as to how much I thought about being under his control. I even went online and did research and was amazed at how many sites there are dealing with bondage and all forms of what I’ve since learned to be BDSM and D/s. Instead of spending my time on the computer playing Bejeweled or Mahjong or looking for new sewing patterns or recipes almost all my time at home after work was spent reading about all this and trying to figure out where I fit in. I was utterly lost in a whirlwind of internal conflicts yet there was something, deep inside me, that wanted to go further. Why? I had no idea and I really do not care about the "why" any longer. So far this has been a journey that is taking me to wonderful new places and despite the fact that I got a very late start, it’s a journey I will continue on for as long as possible.

When I saw Jerry again I was still fearful and very scared as to where this was taking me but I was even more excited about the journey than I was frightened. Our conversations coupled with all I read about on the internet gave me just enough courage to go further and I am extremely happy that I did.

30.01.12

story continues in [**Widow, Corset, Ropes, Submission Part 3: Waist Knot Want Knot**](widowcorsetropessubmission3.html)

o0o
