---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sculptress & Art
authors:
- Ryric
tags:
- M/ff
- kidnap
- bond
- bdsm
- torture
- electro
- mc
- cond
- cement
- statue
- reluct/nc
- XX
---

Julie woke up, groggy and wondering where she was.  The last thing
she remembered, she and her roommate Kirsten had just gotten into Julie's
car to drive home from a movie, and Kirsten remarked that she smelled something
funny.  Now Julie was here.  The room she was in was about 8
feet square, with 3 featureless walls.  The fourth wall had a small
niche in which was a basin about 2 feet square.  Several bags of cement
mix were stacked in the corner near the basin.  In the center of the
room was a large metal x-frame, to which Kirsten was attached, naked.

Kirsten was an attractive brunette in her early twenties, with full,
pert breasts.  Apparently she also kept herself shaved down below,
or someone had shaved her while they were unconscious.  That last
thought, of whoever handled them naked, made Julie shudder.  Julie
was blonde and also quite attractive, if only a little less so than Kirsten. 
Julie was also naked, with the exception of what seemd like a tight metal
thong around her waist and between her legs.  It seemd like some sort
of chastity belt from the middle ages.

She spent a couple minutes trying to see if she could remove the metal
belt with no success.  It cinched around her waist too tightly, and
she couldn't even slip her fingers under it to pull.  It didn't seem
to be hurting her, so she took a look at Kirsten.  Julie managed to
bring Kirsten around with only minimal effort.

"What happened?  Where are we?  Get me off this thing!" 
Kirsten got more panicked with each moment, until she was struggling furiously
with her bonds.  Metal bands encircled her wrists, thighs, ankles,
and neck.  Julie tried to open or loosen the bands but to no avail,
they were securely locked.

"I can't get them open," Julie started to say, when a voice boomed
from the ceiling,

"Excessive motion or attempts to escape will be punished severely." 
The voice sounded like one of those distorted voices they use to disguise
people's real voices on TV.  At that moment, Kirsten began to twitch
uncontrollably from the electric current running through her restraints. 
After a few moments the currents died down, leaving Kirsten panting for
breath and whimpering in pain.

"Failure to obey will result in punishment.  Doing what you are
told will result in a reward," stated the voice.  "Now, girl who is
able to move, I will call you Sculptress.  Girl strapped to frame,
Art.  Sculptress, pick up a bag of cement mix and empty it into the
basin.  Now."

Julie just stood there dumbfounded.  Sculptress?  Art? 
Huh?  What was their captor talking about?  Her eyes narrowed. 
She wasn't going to play whatever sick game this was!  "No!" she stated. 
Suddenly Kirsten started twitching from shocks again, only this time they
didn't die down.  Kirsten began to shriek with each heaving breath. 
She twitched and writing in her restraints, her face a rictus of pain.

"The punishment will continue until you comply, Sculptress,"  stated
the voice calmly.

Seeing she had no choice, Julie picked up a bag
of cement.  It was quite heavy and she had to use both hands to lift
it.  Loose particles of cement sprinkled down her front.  As
soon as she picked it up, the shocks stopped.  Kirsten slumped down
again, crying.  Julie managed to tear a hole in one corner of the
bag, and dump most of the dry mix into the basin.  The rest got all
over her.  She was suprised to feel a light tingle in her crotch,
under the metal belt.  It felt a little bit good.  Was this her
"reward" for compliance?  Once she was done emptying the bag into
the basin, water began to pour into the basin from a small tube in the
niche.  After a couple minutes, the flow stopped.

"Now mix the cement, Sculptress," stated the voice.

"With what?" asked Julie, looking around for tools and finding none. 
If there were tools, maybe she could use them to escape!

"Use your hands.  Now,"  stated the voice.

Julie briefly considered mixing the cement with her hands.  Surely
he would let her wash it off, and she didn't want Kirsten to get shocked
again.  Kirsten was watching Julie, hoping not to get punished again. 
Julie plunged her hands into the basin.  The water that was used was
cool, and if Julie closed her eyes she could pretend she was mixing mud. 
But it wasn't mud.  She pulled her finger through the mixture, kneading
and mixing with her hands, almost like flour in water.  The depth
of the basin meant she had to put most of her arms into it to reach bottom. 
As she mixed the cement, she felt a growing warmth in her groin. 
It began to feel better and better the more she mixed.  After about
10 minutes, she had the cement mixed.  It was a gooey, thick mass
that clung like gray mud to her arms when she withdrew them.

"Now cover your friend completely with the cement," said the voice.

"What? No!" cried Julie, agast at the idea of imprisoning Kirsten in
cement.  Suddenly Kirsten started to flail around from shocks again. 
Julie railed againts the wall, pounding on it.  "Stop it! Stop shocking
her!" she cried, but there was no change.  Her cement covered fists
left gray splotches on the otherwise featureless wall.  But no matter
how much she pleaded, or maybe because of it, the torture continued. 
Soon she began to smell a burning smell coming from Kirsten, who had become
hoarse from screaming.  "Okay, okay," relented Julie as she reached
to smear cement on her friend.  The shocks stopped immediately, and
the warmth in her crotch resumed with renewed intensity.  Kirsten
hung motionless, croaking out, "please."

Julie decided that if she had to cover her friend in cement, at least
it was better than Kirsten dying.  She began by smoothing a layer
up Kirsten's left leg.  She slowly coated the calf, then did the calf
of the right leg.  Julie then coated the lower thighs of each leg. 
Switching to Kirsten's arms. she covered each gently from wrist to shoulder
with a thin layer of cement.  Julie worked cement in between each
of Kirsten's toes, covering her feet.  Next Julie did the hands, leaving
Kirsten's arms as cement laden as her own.  Now Kirsten was covered
in cement from shoulder to fingertip, and mid thigh to feet.  As Julie
did this she began to get more and more sexually excited.  She knew
it was the belt, but it felt so good to cover her friend with cement. 
Julie started the torso with less apprehension.  The frame was small
and thin, and Kirsten back was easily coated with a thin layer.  Next
Kirsten's midriff was coated, leaving only her breasts, crotch and head
free of cement.

Julie hesistated at this point.  She really didn't want to coat
her friends face, and really didn't want to touch Kirsten's breasts or
sex.  When Julie stopped, the pleasure also died down.  Suddenly
she was afraid the shocks would start again.  She dove to the task
of covering Kirsten's breasts, trying not to think about where she was
touching another woman.  The pleasure came back, stronger than before. 
Kirsten's nipples were hard from the cool cement as it slowly was spread
across her beautiful bosom.  When Julie knelt to begin on Kirsten's
crotch, Kirsten groaned, "Julie, no, let him shock me.  Please don't
cover me with cement down there."  But Julie didn't care at this point. 
She was getting on the verge of orgasm and knew she wouldn't get it until
her friend was completely covered.

Julie covered Kirsten's upper thighs with the thick gray goo, thne turned
to her firm buttocks.  After covering those, she started to sensually
rub the cement between Kirsten's legs, covering her pussy and asshole. 
Julie parted Kirsten's pussy lips, making sure to thoroughly coat the inner
lips and clitoris as well.  Julie had grown glassy eyed and was panting
from the extreme levels of pleasure the belt was producing.  She didn't
care that she had just given her roommate cement underwear; in fact, she
didn't even think of Kirsten as a roommate, or even a person, but as Art. 
And Julie couldn't come until Art was finished.  Julie grabbed a new
handful of cement and moved to cover Kirsten's face.

"Please not my face, Julie.  Please stop this.  Let him kill
me with the shocks," pled poor Kirsten.  But her pleas fell on deaf
ears.  Julie heard nothing- Art doesn't talk.  Must be her imagination. 
Julie worked cement into her sculpture's hair, making sure each strand
was coated well.  She covered the back of the neck, then the mouth
and nose. The mouth seemed to fall open sometimes, so she made sure to
coat the interior of it just in case.  Kirsten's tongue and teeth
became a dull gritty gray.   Lastly, she covered up Kirsten's
eyes, selaing them shut with caked cement.  Kirsten let out a tear
which left a small clean trail down her face, a trail which was quickly
obliterated by Julie's finger following it down.  As soon as Julie
covered the last bit of skin, she exploded into an unbelievable orgasm.

Recovering from her orgasm a few moments later, Julie came back to her
senses.  She looked up at her friend, covered completely in cement. 
Kirsten was beautiful on the frame, each feature highlighted by a thin
layer of slowly drying cement.  "What have I done?" she thought, looking
for anything to scrape the cement from her friend.  Julie smelled
something funny, which was her last thought before collapsing into unconsciousness.

Kirsten's unconscious form was taken from the room, where she was posed
and various tubing was installed.  A feeding tube was inserted into
one nostril, with a breathing tube in the other.  Small tubes were
also attached to her anus, urethra, and vagina to allow her bodily functions
to continue.  She was kept unconscoius in her pose until the cement
hardened and cured, after which she was relocated to a gallery showcasing
other lovely girls from around the world who shared her fate.  She
would wake up into a world devoid of any sensation, devoid of sight, sound,
taste, or smell, her only physical contact the everpresent cement hugging
her like a second skin.  Her only sense of the passage of time came
from her daily feeding, and that just from the warmth and fullness in her
belly.  The only action she was capable of was a muted whimper, sound
barely escaping through her sealed mouth.  Visitors in the gallery
would come and stare at her beautiful naked form, marvelling at how well
her nipples and clit stood out in thieir stony prison.  Kirsten prayed
for a quick death, not knowing most of the girls in the collection lasted
years.

Julie woke up back in her car at the movie theater.  Her tape player
was going, speaking in a voice she could barely hear at all, and she certainly
could make out no words.  She went to adjust the volume, but forund
her cement covered arms hardened to the steering wheel.  Suddenly
it all came back to her, and she started crying, tape forgotten. 
Her hysterics caught the attention of passerby, and she was taken to the
hospital.  After they had removed the cement casts from her arms,
and she had spent endless hours telling and retelling her story to the
police, they finally let her go home.  On the way home, she was walking
in the road next to a freshly poured sidewalk, when she felt the strong
need to push a passerby in!  As the hapless bystander fell into the
cement facefirst, Julie felt a rush in her groin.  She ran home, pursued
by the shouts of angry workers, where she could barely tear her clothes
of fast enough to masturbate.  "What happened to me?  Why did
I do that?  Why did I enjoy it?" she thought.

Little did she know that the forgotten tape in her car had implanted
hypnotic suggestions that she be sexually excited at covering people in
cement.

She also didn't know that she had signed her hospital release
form as Sculptress.

26/08/01
