---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Company Dolls
authors:
- Northern Chill
tags:
- F-f
- lovedoll
- magic
- transform
- nc
- X
date: 2006-05-17 00:00:00
---

Esmerelda
tapped on the desk with her pen as she gazed at the computer monitor in front of
her. Judging by the pronounced frown on her face, the owner of Adult
Products and Accessories ( APA was its' stock symbol) was not a happy woman to
say the least. According to the figures the woman was looking at, her
company was operating at a loss for the last four months and projections over
the next year were dismal to say the least.
Turning the
monitor off, Esmerelda leaned back in her chair and stared at the ceiling in
quiet contemplation. She mulled over her options of how to solve her
problems but there was one thing she could not do: use her powers of witchcraft
to fix her financial problems. When she decided to live in the mortal
world, the High Council of Witches had reminded her of the decree they had made
long ago that she could not use her powers to better her finances and that she
should not use her spellcasting abilities blatantly in full public view.
" *If
it wasn't for the High Council's edict, I'd turn that bitch Serena into a big
statue of gold, melt her down into bars and make the money I need by selling her
to antique dealers and collectors. I wonder, though, if I can get around
the edict and still get rid of that slut,* " Esmerelda thought to
herself as she sat up in her chair and started thumbing through her rolodex.
She was about to start dialing phone numbers of people she thought suitable to
replace the product manager when her cell phone started chiming.
To her
consternation, it was her husband Dick calling to tell her he had to cancel
their plans for the weekend as he had to go out of town to attend an advertising
and marketing meeting that the firm he worked for was holding. After
mentally grumbling for a moment, Esmerelda wished her husband well at his
meeting and exchanged words of love and affection with him before hanging up.
" *Geez,
this day just keeps getting worse and worse by the moment.... I better find a
replacement for Serena to improve it in a hurry.....* " the witch
thought as she started dialing the numbers she had selected. After
finishing arranging the interviews for the following week, she turned her
attention back to what was most troubling to her: her company's sagging
finances.
Esmerelda
figured that part of the problem was that most of the company's products were
geared towards the male 18-49 customers particularly with the love doll
products. If she could discover a way to tap into the female side of the
equation, her company would be much better off. Looking at some notes she
had jotted down, she figured that her company would produce a new love doll that
would be for the woman like herself who spends time away from a husband that may
be fooling around her. If the product ( specially imbued with a spell she
cast) worked the way she envisioned, the woman who bought the doll would be very
happy indeed with her purchase.
She was
just sketching out pictures of what she figured the prototype would look like
when her desk phone lit up indicating an incoming call from the personnel
department. Picking up the phone, Esmerelda heard the familiar voice of
Camellia, head of the department, letting her know that Serena wouldn't be able
to attend the meeting with Esmerelda as she had called in sick earlier in the
day.
" *Hmmmph... can't
even show up to be fired.... sheesh... I bet she's off enjoying an early start to
the weekend... maybe I'll take a peek and see.....* " Esmerelda
thought to herself as she stood up from her desk and, grabbing her organizer,
went into her private bathroom.
Looking into her
organizer briefly, the witch then gazed into the large mirror that loomed over
the sink. Speaking several words in Latin while gesturing with her hands
rapidly, Esmerelda watched as the mirror's surface turned from normal glass to a
swirling pink smoked opening.
" Show me
Serena ! " Esmerelda intoned while looking at the mirror. Moments
later, the smoke started to clear somewhat showing what looked like the interior
of Serena's house. However, the images that followed caused Esmerelda's
jaw to drop open and her eyes to spark with intense anger. The witch saw
Serena and Dick walk into view holding hands in a very intimate manner before
stopping and embracing in an intimate manner. Moments later, there was a
long kiss accompanied by both of them exploring each other's body with their
hands. Esmerelda gestured angrily at the mirror causing the image to fade
away before she saw anything more of the secret tryst.
" Damn them.... damn them both to hell ! " the witch fumed out loud as she stormed
back into her office and flopped down a nearby couch to brood over what she had
just seen. After a few minutes of contemplating her options, she came to
several conclusions of how she should react to what she just found out.
The first thing she decided was that she would forgive Dick as she loved him too
much to say goodbye. She also partially blamed her heavy workload and long
periods of time away from home for causing Dick to astray from his wedding vows.
As for
Serena, Esmerelda was more determined than ever to get rid of the little bitch
but how to do it without violating the Witches Council's edict ? That was
one question that Esmerelda pondered as she stood up and went back to her desk
to think over her options. She stared at her desk for several minutes
while randomly gathering up the papers on and about its' top and turning off her
computer monitor. The witch was about to stand up and do a little pacing
back and forth when she glanced at the sketches of her prototype love doll she
had done earlier. As the seconds ticked by, an evil and truly wicked smile
appeared on Esmerelda's face and she nodded as if answering an unspoken
question.
" Well,
well, what's that saying ? Two birds with one stone.... yes, this will do
nicely..... " Esmerelda said as she spun herself around in her chair
in obvious delight.
**Monday
afternoon.......**
Serena
entered Esmerelda's office feeling everything from trepidation to nervousness
and even anticipation as she waited for her boss. When she got back from
her road trip, she found a message waiting for her from her boss stating for
Serena to be at a meeting just before the end of the day in the head office.
The message also mentioned the fact that Esmerelda was heading out of town so it
would be a short meeting.
Emboldened by
the message, Serena decided to prepare for yet another secret tryst with Dick by
wearing a sexy, black laced corset, see through and barely hiding her private
areas, to work that day under her normal clothes. Before heading up
for the meeting she was currently waiting for, she went into her office and
slipped out of her outer wear before throwing on a long, white lab coat over
herself making sure no one could see her lack of clothing underneath.
" *If
I can get out of this meeting quick enough and not have a bunch of crap from the
bitch to deal with, I can get hold of Dick and we can have some fun while she's
out of town,* " Serena thought to herself while absently twisting
one of her long locks of sandy brown hair. She was about to walk over and
pour herself a cup of imported Czech coffee ( with a blend perfected by
overworked computer technicians of that country) when Esmerelda stormed
into the room and took a seat behind her desk.
" All
right, Serena, come over here next to me. I want to conduct this meeting
face-to-face with you so there's no misunderstanding what I'm going tell you
today. This affects your future so you might want to pay close attention,
" Esmerelda said as she got out what looked like a large red candle
and black mat and put it on top of her desk.
" *What's
the old hag up to... is she inviting me to a meal or does she have something
crazy in mind ?* " Serena thought as she timidly walked up to the
desk and stood next to her boss, who was wearing a strange looking blue and
white overcoat.
" Just stand
right there, Serena. I've got my daily ritual to perform that is based on
an old family tradition of evoking the spirits of good luck and fortune, "
Esmerelda said with a mysterious smile as she lit the candle and placed both her
hands on the mat.
" *Geez,
she's even wackier than what Dick suggested. Maybe I should tell Dick
about this and he can get a quickie divorce from her based on diminished
capacity..... uhhhh.... why do I feel so strange all of a sudden?* "
Serena thought to herself before her thinking was interrupted by what seemed
like an intensely erotic feeling that seemingly passed through her entire body.
At that same moment,
Esmerelda had started to chant what seemed like sort of ancient Latin words
while gesturing feverishly in the air above the mat. She would pause every
few seconds and gesture dramatically in Serena's direction before resuming her fevered
chanting. This went on for several minutes with Esmerelda
occasionally rocking back and forth in her chair and rolling her eyes
dramatically.
During the whole ritual,
Serena remained silent with her hands clenched tightly to her lab coat as if she
was using them to anchor herself from emitting a loud whoop of laughter over
what she was seeing. Strangely, the erotic feelings she was experiencing
were growing more intense by the second and she felt her nipples starting to
slightly harden in response to them.
After another minute or two,
Esmerelda stopped her chanting and hand waving abruptly. Before Serena
could ask a question or say anything, she felt herself surrounded by a faint
yellow tinged aura. She tried to ask what the hell was going on or even
take a step towards her boss but found her ability to speak or move had
vanished.
" *Geez, did this crazy
bitch do something with all her mumbo jumbo?.... ya don't suppose she is sort of
witch?.... uhhhh... I feel pretty good though.... if only......* "
Serena thought to herself as the pleasure she had started to feel before seemed
to increase. Oddly, her immobility and inability to tell anybody about it
didn't seem to bother her as much as it normally would have as the pleasure
going through her body seemed to blot out all her normal thinking.
However, Serena's mental
enjoyment abruptly ended when Esmerelda pulled out a fairly large mirror from
her desk and set it down so Serena could see herself in it. Strangely,
Esmerelda also turned her computer monitor so that Serena could see it as well.
" *I don't want to just
stand here the rest of my life.... I swear, Esmerelda, I wasn't trying to seduce
your husband... it was all just a game.... well, in the beginning, it was
but.... HUH??....* " Serena thought to herself before she noticed,
to her amazement, that her thoughts were showing up on the monitor she was
staring at. It was as if she was typing the words at the same time that
she was thinking them. At the same time, she saw her reflection in the
mirror from what she looked like at the present to one of her wearing just her
lingerie and finally an image of her completely naked. She glanced around
as best she could and saw she was still wearing clothes which conflicted with
what she was seeing.
Suddenly, Serena felt
another jolt of extreme pleasure ripple through her body but this felt different
to her this time. Glancing down with her eyes, she saw her breasts seemed
to be swelling and pushing outwards against her corset and the lining of her lab
coat. She also felt what seemed like a growing sense of lightness creep
through her body as if she was becoming something that was not human.
When she gazed at the
image in the mirror once again, it confirmed what she was feeling. She saw
blemishes and freckles rapidly disappearing from her entire body as her skin
seemed to be taking on an artificial appearance with what appeared to be a tan
color. The pleasure that had started rippling through her body just a few
minutes ago was increasing in strength at the same time her body was changing.
Although Serena couldn't
talk any longer, a faint gasp escaped from her lips as she felt her pussy start
to twitch and contort on it's own. She saw, in her reflection, her pussy
forming into a perfect ovular shape with the interior turning bright, artificial
pink in color. As she looked on in silence, the image in the mirror seemed
to rotate around to show her from the backside and the changes that were
happening to her there. She saw ( and felt) her anus move upwards by
several inches before forming into the same O shaped opening as her pussy.
She also saw something growing out of the small of her back that, crazy as it
seemed, looked like an inflation plug for adding or subtracting air.
" *What's going on?.... What's Esmerelda doing to me?...... Esmerelda, let me
go.... I'll quit my
job, move far away and never have anything to do with Dick again.... please let
me go!..... please... oooohhhh....* " Serena mentally pleaded even
as pleasure continued to assail her mindset over and over. She saw her
pleas show up on the monitor screen upon which Esmerelda turned and regarded the
newest thoughts of Serena quietly as if she was considering granting the
request.
" Sorry, my dear, but I'm
afraid I'll be only able to grant part of your request today. After this
little incantation is done, you won't have to work your job anymore so that part
I can give you. However, I'm quite sure you won't be going too far
from my home in the near future and, in fact, you'll be having a lot more to do
with Dick from now on, " Esmerelda said with a trace of irony evident
in her voice.
" *More time with Dick....?...... what do you mean?.... ohhhhh......* " Serena thought
before another, perhaps most intense so far, wave of pleasure rippled through
her as her transformation continued upwards. She could see what looked
like seams were now very prominent on the mirror image even as her breathing
ceased altogether. She felt her breasts become rigid mounds of latex that
were firm yet looked to be squeezable by someone like Dick. Her normal
nipples and areolas were being replaced by similar ones that were bright pink in
color and seemed to beg to be fondled, sucked or nibbled.
When her transformation reached
her head and shoulders, Serena felt her head tilt back slightly and she was no
longer able to view the monitor or mirror. However, at this point, she was
becoming certain what it was that she was changing into even as her mouth's
interior dissolved and formed into a smooth rubber sac.
" _**A LOVE DOLL... I'M
BECOMING A LOVE DOLL.... ESMERELDA IS TURNING ME INTO NOTHING MORE THAN AN
INFLATABLE FUCK TOY!!!...... WHY IS SHE DOING THIS?.... SHE'S A WITCH, SHE COULD
HAVE TURNED ME INTO A FROG OR A BAT BUT GOES FOR THIS.... AN INANIMATE SEX
DOLL!!!*** " Serena mentally wailed as she found herself
slightly bobbing back and forth with her lightweight latex and rubber body
buffeted by the waves of cool air emanating from a nearby A/C unit.
" Why am I doing this,
Serena? Let's just say that having you in this state makes my plan that much
easier to play out. Hmmm... very nice, " Esmerelda murmured as
she reached over from where she was sitting and pulled open the white smock on
the doll. She noticed how the frilly black lingerie's straps were pressing
deeply against the love doll's glossy skin while simultaneously pushing upwards
her firm, hollow breasts.
" Let me just
relieve you those garments, my little love dolly. Oh, don't worry, though,
I'll find some new garments to show off your sexy new body, "
Esmerelda murmured as she pulled off the smock somewhat roughly with her right
hand. The witch's efforts resulted in the doll becoming unbalanced and
tipped towards the seated woman. Chuckling softly with her tongue clucking
in mock disapproval, Esmerelda reached up with her left hand and stopped
the love doll from landing on her or toppling to the floor.
Standing up, Esmerelda
proceeded to quickly strip the doll of its' corset, panties and high heels shoes
before setting the doll lying face down on her desk. She then put the
clothing in an empty cardboard box that was sitting next to her desk before
returning her attention to the love doll.
" Well,
Serena, I guess its' time for me to explain to you why I changed you into a love
doll. You see, I've been thinking of starting up a new product line of sex
dolls that would be bought by both men and women. The doll, such as
yourself, is going to be enchanted so that when it is dressed in the lingerie
that comes with it, it triggers a rather unique spell. When the man goes
to use the doll ( regardless of whether the lingerie remains on the doll or
not), his wife or girlfriend will feel the pleasure simultaneously as if the man
is actually fucking her. To make sure there is no misgivings afterwards,
the husband will feel like he has had a great night of sex with his wife instead
of just fucking a sex doll. I think a sex toy that gives pleasure to both
a man and woman simultaneously would be a great seller in the marketplace.
Wouldn't you say so, Serena? " Esmerelda said as she flipped the doll
over and whispered the last part as she leaned close to the doll's synthetic
face.
"_**What?..... I'm
some sort of test product for the company?... you bitch!.... how could you?.......*** " Serena mentally wailed in anger and distress. If her
new state wasn't bad enough, the blonde felt her tormentor reaching around her
back and rest her fingers against her inflation plug. The doll felt a
momentary pang of intense pleasure but this was quickly washed away by Esmerelda
tugging the plug open and the air escaping with a quiet *hissss-ssss-ssss*.
As the air rushed out, the little bit of Serena's consciousness that remained
disappeared as well until there was nothing left.
Once the doll was
nothing more than a flattened piece of latex devoid of shape or form, Esmerelda,
chuckling softly, carefully folded it up into a pile with its' lust filled face
sitting on top. The witch then slid the doll into a clear plastic bag and
then placed the bag inside the box with the clothes. After closing the box
lid, Esmerelda gestured briefly at the box with her right hand and, moments
later, the words **LOVE DOLL FOR TWO** appeared in bold type on the lid with **Pleasure
for both a man and woman... guaranteed!** in smaller type below.
" I
guess it's time to take you down to my car so I can drop you off at home before
I leave for my trip. If everything goes according to plan, you'll be
having a night of incredible passion with my husband.... and I'll be experiencing
every single moment wherever I am. For me, it'll give new meaning to the
phrase ' virtual sex'....Hahaha!!!!!!!! " Esmerelda chortled as she
slid the box under her right arm and strode out of her office confidently.
Unbeknown to the
witch, there was another individual viewing the activities at APA: a squirrel
perched on the ledge next to a window of Esmerelda's office. If the
sorceress had looked closely at the furry animal, she might have noticed its'
eyes were almost inhuman in nature.
The squirrel's eyes
were, in fact, a mirror much like Esmerelda's but the viewer of the office's
activities was her chief rival Matilda. As the sorceress saw Esmerelda
sashay out of the office in an arrogant stride she had seen far too often,
Matilda slammed her hand down on the side of her large black cauldron.
" Damn that
Esmerelda! I was hoping I could use Serena as a way of discrediting
Esmerelda with our fellow witches but that stupid blonde bimbo had to make a
play for Dick...... darn that bitch's luck!!!! " Matilda fumed as she
waved at her wall mirror. As the surface returned to normal, the witch
went over to the smooth rock tableau that she used to compose her potions and
write down her incantations and sat down atop it.
Putting her right
index finger to her lips, Matilda stared around the vast cave that she used for
her private meditations outside her normal activities. As she gazed at the
trinkets she stored in her centuries of existence, the raven haired woman's
mouth slowly formed into a wicked smile.
" I think
Esmerelda might have been too smart for her own good this time.... "
Matilda muttered softly as she stood up and started to briskly walk around the
cave scooping up items she'd need to make the plan she was formulating.
**Three hours
later....elsewhere......**
Dick opened
the front door to his home and stepped inside with a relieved look on his face.
It was the end of another long week, his wife would be out of town for the
weekend and he was looking forward to spending some time with Serena.
Tossing his briefcase on the living room couch, the dark haired man made his way
to the bedroom where he started to slowly take off his suit and prepare for the
evening ahead. He had stripped down to his underwear when he noticed a box
wrapped in blue and yellow paper, lying in the middle of the bed with what
looked like a note sitting atop it. Intrigued, Dick stopped dressing and,
leaning on the edge of the bed, plucked the paper off the box. He opened
up the note expecting it to be from his wife and he was not disappointed:
Dick,
Since I couldn't be at home with you on your
birthday, I thought this gift might keep you
entertained while I'm gone. Enjoy!
Esmerelda
Cocking
his head slightly in puzzlement upon finishing reading the note, Dick set it
aside and turned his attention to the gift. Pulling the box closer to him,
he unwrapped the box quickly and was surprised to find that it was one of those
expensive, lifelike inflatable sex dolls that he had heard about from a few of
his friends at work. Even more surprising, the pictures of the model the
sex toy was supposed to look like when inflated bore an uncanny resemblance to
Serena right down to the sultry wanton look on the model's face.
" *Heh...... wait
till I tell Serena about this...  she'll be shocked by how an adult toy
manufacturer found a woman who looks like her to be a product cover subject.....
hmmm... might as well try this out....* " Dick thought
as he gently pulled off the contents of the box. He was amused to find
that in addition to the deflated doll neatly folded up, there was an inflation
pump and what looked like a lingerie outfit tucked neatly in a bag next to the
sex toy. According to a note inside the box, the doll's owner should '
dress this amazingly realistic sex toy in the sensuous lingerie provided and it
will greatly enhance the pleasure felt when using the doll'. Grinning,
Dick took the inflation pump and quickly inflated the love doll to its' maximum
proportions.
" _**Dick,
it's me!!!... SERENA!!!!.... your wife did this!... I'm not just some fucking sex
doll for you .... oooohhh ... don't touch me.... yessssssss!!!!.....*** "
Serena thought as her mental shouts of protest quickly became mixed with ones of
pleasure as she experienced the sensations of her soft vinyl skin being caressed
by Dick as he slipped on the lacy black corset and stockings she had worn when
still human.
When the lingerie
was fully on the doll, the second part of Esmerelda's spell took effect and
Dick's mind started to become cloudy. His perception of the scene before
him changed dramatically though his mind, in the foggy state that it was in,
didn't seem to notice the change. Instead of an inflatable love doll
dressed in provocative lingerie lying in the middle of the bed, Dick now saw his
wife, wearing the same clothing, beckoning to him from under the satin sheets on
the bed.
" Let's make
love, honey.... a night of nothing but hot, steamy love, " the voice
of Esmerelda seemed to call out Dick from the bed. In reality, the room
was completely silent save for Dick's breathing that was growing ragged with
lust.
" I think I
can accommodate you, darling, " Dick said with a smile as he quickly
stripped off his clothing and climbed on the bed. In his mind, Esmerelda
reached up with her arms and pulled her husband closer to her. However, in
reality, Dick was pulled the doll's hollow latex arms upwards until they were
wrapped around his body.
"_**Dick, I'm
not your wife!..... it's Serena.... oooohhhh..... STOP THAT!!!!!....... DO IT
AGAIN!!!..... NO!!!!!..._** " Serena mentally shouted even as the
pleasure she was feeling from Dick groping her soft latex breasts and probing
her inviting vagina with his hardening member threatened to wash away her
protests. Indeed, as Dick's passion grew and his movements more fervored,
all the doll wanted was to be fucked......and fucked again......
Several hundred miles, in
an expensive hotel room, Esmerelda was starting to experience the reward of the
spell's second component. As Dick started to have sex with the love doll
in earnest ( unaware of its' true nature), Esmerelda, naked and lying in the
middle of her bed, experienced the first of what she knew would be many waves of
pleasure courtesy of the sex toy. Now that it had been dressed in the
lingerie, the witch would feel the sensations of Dick's passionate usage of the
doll wherever she was in the world. In a way, it was a bit of delicious
irony - Serena had been spending the last few months (or longer) fucking
her husband and now she would be able to continue in that role though Esmerelda
would be the beneficiary of such passion.
**Monday..... around
noon........_*
Esmerelda arrived home from her
plane trip in a better mood than she normally would have been. The
pleasure she had felt earlier was quickly balanced by the fact that the plane
she had originally boarded for the return trip had encountered mechanical
problems shortly after take off. After the plane returned to its' original
airport, Esmerelda found out that the next plane for her wouldn't be until early
morning. Consequently, she was late returning and would miss half a
day at work.
Ordinarily, such a disruption
in her schedule would have enraged Esmerelda and the sorceress would have been
tempted to turn the ticket agent that gave her the bad news into a gerbil or
something similar. However, Esmerelda's victory over Serena had left her
in such a good mood that she quietly accepted the delay and spent her waiting
time thinking up ways to torment her dollified rival in the future.
Throwing her bags on the living
room couch after entering her home, Esmerelda quickly made her way to her
bedroom to see where Dick had left his ' gift'. She figured it would
be shoved in the closet or under the bed in a hurry if she knew her husband's
habits.
However, to her surprise, there
was no sign of the doll or its' box anywhere in the bedroom. Puzzled and
annoyed, Esmerelda made her way out into the dining room where she saw a note
waiting for her on the dining room table.
Esmerelda,
I know what you did to the one who was screwing your husband
behind your back. I thought I might examine your transformed
rival a little more closer so I've borrowed her temporarily. If you
want to have your little toy back, meet me at the place we first
did battle - my home in the Caves of Zartok. We can discuss the
terms then. See you soon!!
Matilda
" That bitch!!!!
" Esmerelda grumbled as she tore the note to pieces. Just when
she had resolved a thorn in the side of her personal life, her old rival Matilda
sneaks in and messes things up. Esmerelda figured that Matilda must have
observed Serena's transformation in a manner similar to her spying on Dick
earlier.
" Well, I can't let her
spend her time with Serena. She's not the smartest witch in the world but
if she's given enough time, she'll figure out the special part of the dolly.
I guess it's time to resolve things once and for all! "
Esmerelda said as she grabbed her favorite wand and mesmerized a few spells to
unleash on her hated rival. After a quick glance around to make sure there
was nothing else she could bring with her, Esmerelda waved her wand around her
in a dramatic gesture and, seconds later, vanished in a puff of crimson colored
smoke.
At that exact moment, Matilda was
preparing for her foe's imminent arrival. The interior of the cave,
thanks to Matilda's spellcasting in the past, resembled the interior of a
suburban home rather than the cold, stony interior of a typical cave. In
the center of what would be considered the dining area, the Serena doll was
lying on a metal table fully inflated and starting to recover from the
sensations of being probed by the machine she was hooked to.
The machine itself looked to be
something that could only be made by practitioners in the black arts. A
set of knobs and an oversized timer were visible on the front part of the
device. On the top part of the machine were three long slender rods of
steel that looked to be adjustable in length according to the machine operator's
desire. At the end of each of the rods, there was an object several inches
long made of rubber or plastic that resembled a dildo or sex toy found in the
local adult shops.
" If this doesn't get Esmerelda
here in a hurry, I don't know what will. Imagine my surprise when I cast a
simple magic detection spell over the doll and discovered that in addition to
the transformation spell, Esmerelda had also cast a symbiosis spell afterwards
on it so that she could feel what the doll felt. When I saw that, I hooked
up this love doll to a rather insidious machine that will fill all three of its
openings for 2 minutes on 10 minute cycles. If the stimulation doesn't
overwhelm Esmerelda too much, I think she'll be here as quick as she can
suffice, " Matilda said with a soft laugh as she ran her hands over
the soft surface of the doll.
After a few moments of indulging
herself, the witch took her hands away from the doll and glanced around the room
in obvious contemplation. She then raised her hands and gestured
dramatically with her hands for several seconds in all directions.
Seconds later, a shell of shimmering energy became visible around the area
extending several feet in all directions from the table area.
" Well, now that I'm all set for
my company's imminent arrival, I should get a few other things ready.
Serena, I think I'll take you off the machine for now. Don't worry,
though, I'll be giving you some more pleasure in the very near future, "
Matilda said softly as she reached under the table and started looking for a few
items that the witch would need in her looming encounter......
**Twenty five minutes or so
later..........**
" Uhhh... puffff.... that.... mmmm... bitch Matilda..... I'm... going
to... turn..... her into some sort of microscopic lifeform
when I find her, " Esmerelda said panting noticeably as she entered
the perimeter of the caves. Originally, the sorceress had planned to
appear instantly in Matilda's HQ and surprise her hated rival. However,
her concentration was broken in the middle of transportation and she was forced
to break off the incantation about halfway to the caves. From that point
on, every time she tried to start up her transportation spell again, she felt
intense waves of pleasure flow through her body that almost caused her to double
over. As a result, she found herself walking the remaining distance to the
caves with pauses to deal with unexpected feelings of pleasure that seemed to
center around her openings. Esmerelda realized almost immediately that
Matilda had figured out the sympathetic magic cast on the love doll and was
taunting her with it.
" Almost there.... a
shortened form of my teleportation spell should get me around the entrance of
Matilda's home and avoid the traps she has there. She's so predictable
when it comes to attacking me... if only she was better at battle magic. Oh
well, after I'm done with her, she won't have any more chances, "
Esmerelda muttered as she twitched her fingers in front of herself along with
the flinging of some blue dust in the air.
A few moments later, Esmerelda
found herself standing on the inside of Matilda's home and, to her surprise,
there were no magic traps anywhere in the vicinity. As she cautiously made
her way forward, wary for any surprise attack from behind an object or the
shadows, the witch saw what looked Matilda towards the back of her home standing
next to a slightly elevated table. On top of the table, Esmerelda saw the
Serena doll lying flat on its back with a bit more of a sheen than before, which
Esmerelda figured was due to her rival's ministrations.
" Well, I see you've found
my newest toy, Matilda. If you give it back to me now, I might not turn
you into an eight legged tarantula for more than a year or two..... maybe......
" Esmerelda said trying to unsettle her foe long enough for her to
get the upper hand.
" Hmmm... let me see........ surrender and be turned into a spider or fight it
out?.... I think
I'll pass on giving up though you might give it a thought or two..... "
Matilda replied as she briefly ran her right hand along the doll's torso for a
second or two.
" Uhh... no, I don't
think so. Prepare to be enwrapped in the Chains of Klarzeth!!! "
Esmerelda exclaimed as the witch raised her hands above her head and her eyes
narrowed in concentration. Almost instantly, a ball of swirling energy
formed around her hands that shimmered and coalesced before streaking towards
its target. Strangely, at least to Esmerelda, Matilda made no attempt to
erect a defensive shield or move out of the way of the energy ball.
Esmerelda's bewilderment
disappeared immediately after seeing the ball of energy bounce off what looked
like a shell of energy surrounding Matilda and dissipate harmlessly against a
nearby wall. Matilda's smile broadened just a little as she took out a
tube of what looked like lubricating cream and started to apply it to the end of
the vibrator.
" Cute..... real
cute, Matilda. You realize that a defensive shell like that prevents
offensive magic from going either way and can last for a limited amount of time
at best. Of course, I can advance the dropping of the shell by a simple
focused time acceleration spell spoken for 60 seconds or so. Once I recall
it, I.... MMMMPPPHHHH!!!!!..... " Esmerelda started to intone before
her words became unintelligible as if her tongue had gone numb.
" Hmmmm...?
What's that, Esmerelda....? I can't hear you..... could it be that I
just inserted a nice, big dildo into the doll's mouth? Geez, isn't that
too bad? " Matilda said with an evil chuckle.
" MMMMPPPHHHH!!!!!!
" Esmerelda replied in muffled tones as she realized spoken spells
were impossible at the moment for her. Figuring that this was not the time
to be arrogant, the witch used her trembling fingers to trace out a single word
in the air using a simple Word Embolden spell - NEGOTIATE?
Matilda laughed upon
seeing the gesture and picked up the vibrator without hesitation. "
Considering our current positions and the fact you weren't going to extend me
any mercy, I think I'm going to pass on that. However, I will make your
visit to my home a little more pleasant, " the witch said as she
picked up the lubricated vibrator and started to tease the outer edges of the
doll's O shaped pussy with it. Almost immediately, Esmerelda doubled over
in response to the intimate pang of pleasure going through her body.
" _**THAT.... THAT.... OOOHHHH!!!.... WHEN
YOU'RE DONE, EDICT OR NO EDICT, AND THAT SHELL COMES DOWN, I'M GOING TO REDUCE
YOU TO ASHES!... YOU... UHHHHH!!.......*** " Esmerelda railed
angrily in her mind as she tried to cope with the pleasure that was threatening
to make it impossible for her to concentrate.
" Does that
bother you? Awww, that's just too bad. I'd ask Serena how she's
feeling but you've taken that option away, haven't you? Let's see if we
can raise the distraction up by a level or two, shall we? " Matilda
said as she flipped over the love doll so that it was lying on its chest.
The witch reached over and picked up the remaining sex toy lying on the table, a
rather large butt plug, before returning her attention to the inflated doll
before her.
" Hmmm..... let's see
if this fits or if there is actually something out there with a tighter ass than
you, Esmerelda, " Matilda said sarcastically as she teased the edges
of the doll's anus with the butt plug. Turning her head for a moment, the
witch saw Esmerelda fall on her ass with her rival's face turning bright red
from the three pronged assault on her senses.
" Ummmppph... uhhhh... geez,
I guess this dolly is going to be a tight one after all. Maybe I'll use my
new tube lubrication for this.... I just whipped it up today...... "
Matilda muttered as she reached under the table and pulled out a bright yellow
tube as well as a pair of rubber gloves. Quickly slipping the gloves on,
the witch opened up the tube and smeared a generous amount onto the butt plug.
After recapping the tube, Matilda set it aside and started to shove the plug in
once again.
"_**WHAT
THE HELL IS THAT BITCH UP TO?..... EXTRA LUBRICANT?..... IT WON'T BE LONG UNTIL
THAT DEFENSIVE SHELL IS DOWN AND........ UHHHHH....... WHAT'S GOING ON?........
WHY
DO I FEEL SO STRANGE?......._** " Esmerelda thought to herself
before a sudden pang of intense pleasure went through her body that emanated
from her anus. She tried to stand up and cast a spell of some sort to
defend herself but found she didn't have the strength to do so. The witch
could see herself in the shiny surface of the table and the image she was seeing
was alarming to say the least. She could see patches of gloss starting to
appear on her skin that looked artificial and very familiar to her. Her
legs started to spread apart of their volition and Esmerelda felt an itching
sensation in the area of her vagina.
" ***GEEZ,
WHAT'S GOING ON?..... COULD MATILDA HAVE CAST A SPELL THROUGH THAT SHELL?....
SHE COULDN'T..... UHHH.... THIS IS...... OOHHHH..... WHY DOES THIS FEEL SO
FAMILIAR?........._** " Esmerelda thought to herself even
as she sensed what seemed like her skin was being stretched tighter by the
second with blemishes around her neck disappearing rapidly. She was so
preoccupied by what was going on with her body that she didn't even notice that
the magical shell around Matilda had dissipated with her hated rival strolling
boldly towards her.
" What's
the matter, Esmerelda? Are you having a few problems? Maybe it's the
cream I put on that butt plug for the Serena dolly..... did I mention that it's a
very special cream? " Matilda said chillingly even as the doll
continued to twitch slightly in the background from the power of the vibrator.
" _**SPECIAL CREAM?..... WHAT DOES SHE MEAN?...... OHHHHH.... HEY!....
LEAVE MY CLOTHES ALONE!....... MMMMMMMM....... YOU CAN'T DO...... UHHHHH!!!!!.........*** "
Esmerelda mentally shouted in anger as she felt her garments stripped from her
body.... a body that was rapidly feeling stranger to her by the second. The
glossy look she had been seeing was spreading rapidly to all parts of her body.
She could see what looked like seams starting to appear on her limbs as well as
around her tits. When Matilda had taken off her clothes, she had left
Esmerelda's arms and legs stretched out at right angles to her and Esmerelda
sensed that whatever strength was in them was dissipating rapidly.
However, it
was the next set of changes to Esmerelda's body that finally made the witch
realize what was happening to her. She mentally shuddered from unwanted
pleasure as her pussy twitched and formed into a perfect O shape with the same
happening to her anus. Before she could try and fathom that, her teeth and
tongue dissolved away as her mouth's interior formed into a smooth sac that felt
like rubber. The mouth quickly formed into the same round shape that her
other two openings had already formed into.
"_**I'M..... I'M
BECOMING A LOVE DOLL!!!........... JUST LIKE WHAT I DID TO THAT BITCH
SERENA..... UHHHHH!!!!.... BUT HOW?....... THERE WAS NO SPELL SENT MY WAY.......
OHHHHH!!!......_** "
Esmerelda thought even as the simplified thinking of a fuck toy overwhelmed her
thinking. The final part of her transformation concluded with her breasts
slightly swelling even as they became two firm mounds of latex capped by pink
nipples and areolas that were decidedly artificial in appearance.
Esmerelda's hair grew long and blonde in color and looked nothing like her
normally coiffed looks.
The sex
toy that Esmerelda now was slowly settled onto its back with a slight wobble to
the side thanks to the inflation plug that had grown out of her back. With
her eyes, which were now nothing more than painted features on her hollow head,
Esmerelda saw her hated rival bend down and wave the mysterious tube that
Matilda had used earlier.
"
You know, when you cast a sympathetic magic spell on someone, you have to be
careful about the drawbacks. When I figured out the spell you cast on
Serena, I was trying to figure out how to use it to my advantage. I
remembered that, in my last trip to the local flea market, that I picked up a
tube that was originally manufactured on the Earth plane of existence.
It's called ' Doll Gel' and transforms the subject into an incredibly lifelike
love doll on a permanent basis. For Serena, it's perfectly harmless since
she's already a doll but you.... well.... I think you can figure out the results,
" Matilda said with a boisterous laugh.
" ***BITCH.... YOU BITCH!!!... YOU.... YOU.... OWNER???......._** Esmerelda mentally screamed
even as her new doll thinking became more and more pervasive........
**Epilogue...... about
a month later..........**
For the four participants in this tale of magic, love and transformation,
although their fates were different in the end somewhat, their futures were
intertwined to a degree....
- For
Matilda, she took over the CEO position of Esmerelda's company and runs it far
more efficiently than its former head. Since no one died as a result of
her plan, she never had to face the Witch's Council for breaking their
edicts......
- For
Serena, she remained a love doll for Darren, now a single bachelor, to use at
his whim. Considering their past relationship was primarily based around
sex, it was an existence she could live with.........
- For
Darren, his newfound bachelor life was like a breath of fresh air to him.
A side effect of Esmerelda's transformation was that he no longer remembered her
existence. For a time, he visited the local night clubs for the chance of
starting a relationship with a woman. Inevitably, however, he found
himself drawn back to his favorite plaything...........
And Esmerelda?
Esmerelda found herself in the APA product testing labs.... as the prototype for
a new, amazingly realistic love doll.
"
I'll sell millions!!!!...." Matilda proclaimed to her board of her
directors in a happy one.
For
Esmerelda, it was a fate worse than Serena's...... transformed into a love doll
yet denied the basic function of the toy.... to give and receive pleasure.....
Magic just works like that sometimes.....
