---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/finally_collared.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Finally Collared
authors:
- NoxServa
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- bdsm
- enema
- oral
- anal
- cons
- XX
date: 2008-12-11 00:00:00
---

This story was originally an entry into the S(A)X Leather 2008 Bondage Stories Contest

We had been dating for almost six months but with no sex and I had not been collared. One night, we had been cuddling for a while on the couch when he suddenly asked, “Would you like to live here full time kitten?”

I smiled: I was pretty much living here; I had a bedroom of my own where I only kept my belongings but I rarely slept in there. “Yes master, I would love that.”

“Good; but first, I need you to pass a test. There is one thing you have yet to do and I want to make sure you are capable of doing it.”

“What is that Sir?” I asked in a low voice.

He glared at me, then smiled, “If I told you, then it wouldn’t be a test. Now, do you remember your safe word?”

“Yes Sir, my safe word is intermission.” It came from the Latin word to pause. In our relationship master said, it did not mean stop but rather pause so that I may be able to continue. I never understood it but he always asked me if I knew it before something planned.

“Good. Now I think you should go strip and wait for me in the living room.”

I went and striped for him then I returned to the living room. I put my arms behind my back, place my legs two feet apart, and waited for him. When he walked in, I lowered my eyes to the floor. He then ordered me, “Your hands behind your neck, please.” I moved my hands as ordered.

“Now for your test tomorrow: I want you to shower and shave your legs, pussy, and armpits. Your toenails and fingernails must be the same color; do this before you go to sleep tonight and you will sleep in your room.” I was surprised, since I hardly ever slept in my room unless he wanted to punish me for I hated this, and I never slept as well as I did next to him.

“You are to wake up, put your hair up out of the way but simple, no clips, or pins- only a couple of bands; if it comes down so be it. No lotions, no sprays.” He kicked my legs farther apart, “I want you to face the window, standing as you are now by eight o’clock. Now I am not going to repeat myself nor tell you anything more, so do not ask. The rest of today you can do as you please; however you will not dress nor leave the house.” He walked away, but I did not move, “You can go do whatever.” He added with a smile.

Later that day there was a delivery of a large box from Sax Leather. I asked him, “What is in the box?”

He smiled, “You will see tomorrow.”

Through I had less than twenty-four hours until I found out, I was more anxious than a child at Christmas.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

At 7:30 that morning, I awoke to my alarm. I brushed then put my hair up. I double-checked my legs, armpits, and pussy. I looked to the alarm clock and saw that it was 7:59; so I went to the window and lifted my arms. Thirty seconds went by until I heard him enter. He came over and did not say a word, so I did not. I knew then that this test was going to be far from pleasant. He then placed a medium blindfold over my eyes; it was quite comfortable- it did not push my eyes as the old one did, but sat over them while keeping me completely in the dark. It was soft as if it was lined in fur. He ran his fingers along my armpit, which being extremely ticklish, caused me to wiggle. “Hold your position.” He felt my other armpit, which I laughed aloud along with the wiggling. “Already you disobey me.”

“Master I am sorry, but you do know I am ticklish.”

“If I know that, then why are you telling me?” he replied with a snort.

I knew then he was baiting me into a spanking. If I did not answer, I would be in trouble, but if I did answer, I would be in trouble for answering a rhetorical question. So, I went ahead and answered, “Master, I am sorry to assume you know anything, and I am sorry I moved and spoke, Sir.”

“Covering all your bases? Turn around and lean over the bed. Now this little puppy will be on you at all times, if you pass my test, for quicker access. They call this one a pike leather slapper; it has several wide strips of leather.” I heard him hit his hand with it, “Ouch, I bet this is going to hurt a little bit. Now let’s see, one for moving each time, and another for avoiding my touch each time, one for laughing, two disobeying me, and finally one for each time you said sorry. So that totals to nine, so let’s make it an even ten.” I could tell he was smiling, since he was going to give me an extra lashing for nothing.

“Now I want you to count for me slut,” he dragged it along my spine. I could tell that the strips were firm and that this was going to hurt more than ‘a little bit.’

“One Sir,” swish, slap, “Thank you, Sir.” I gasped for breath. “Two Sir,” swish, slap, “Thank you, Sir.” He continued all the way, until he got to ten. I was actually happy I would not be sitting much that day.

He pulled me up.

“Good girl, you took your punishment, and didn’t move your arms, not even once.” He adjusted my blindfold and then kicked my legs apart. “Fair warning; I am going to touch you again. Do not move.” Using the back of his finger and rubbed my armpit again. I wiggled, my arms fighting the urge to put them down. “Well I guess I will let you slide with that.” I knew he knew he was not going to get anything better from me. His hands circled my leg and rubbed it to the top, then did the other, “you did alright with your legs, but you did miss twelve hairs on one leg and 8 on the other. Now the bed is right behind you. Sit on the edge. Good. Now lay back.”

He put my feet on the edge of the bed. He then spread my legs by laying my knees down to the sides. He started his search for more hairs I missed. “I can only find two hairs. Now you hold your position. I felt him place a toy over my lips laying it directly on my clit; it was the raspberry colored layspot vibrator. We had had it for a while, and he loved torturing me with it. “Hold still” he warned me and I held still as he turned it on. He suddenly turned the toy to high. This caused me to jump and moaned. “AGAIN, with the moving. What will I do with you?” I hear him smiling as he said it.

I knew then he was looking for reasons to punish me not because I actually disappointed him but because this was the test. I thought, then, that he must wanted to see how much I could take. I was determined to take all that he would give me. Until that time, I had not used my safe word to him and I was afraid to use it and him to refuse to honor it. I knew that if he refused to accept it as my ex did, then I would never be able to trust him again. I wanted to trust him and he never crossed the lines I had given him. I wanted to be his forever and I knew to be so I had to pass this task he placed before me.

He lifted my legs up and inserted a finger with lube on it. I then felt him insert Njoy butt plug; it was a cold metal and felt quite large for such a small opening. Definitely, it was largest he had used on me until that point. “Put a hand on your vibrator; don’t move, it just hold it in place.” He then stood me up and fastened cold leather against my waist. He pushed apart my legs and pulled the leather attached to metal up tight against the toys as he moved my hand. I did not know what to do with it so I put it back on my head. I could hear a soft clinking sound as he moved it. He fastened them and bent down to my ear. “That should keep those toys in you.”

I realized then it was the S/S chastity belt. It was only a few weeks ago when we were looking on line together and he was asking my opinion on a few new toys. He must have bought them after that and wanted them for this ‘test.’ So far, I had seen everything he had used on me and I was not sure if I was afraid or anxious to see what else he had gotten; some of those toys looked intimidating to me. “Stretch your arms out. Good, now behind your back.”

He then took my wrists and put them into more of that cold leather but it was comfortable, the economy wrist lockable cuffs. I heard him click close two locks and then attached them together. He bent down and attached the economy ankle lockable cuffs to my ankles and again I heard the clicking he attached them together using two snaps and a 30 cm chain. “Open your mouth.” I did so and he pushed in an inflatable rubber gag with a breather hole, though it hole in it, I still could not make much of a sound. He started pumping it up. He stopped, “say you safe word.” I attempted to, he let out some of the air, “again.” I did so, “Okay, I can understand that.”

He led me down stairs and into the garage. It was where he took me when he really wanted to play or to punish me severely, which was a total of three times since we met. I took a deep breath as I walked into, it knowing I was entering into a world of pain. He led me into the middle of the room, unhooked my arms, and brought them to my front and above my head. He attached them using to the ceiling using some purple bondage rope. He had it pulled over the rafter and tied it together. My wrists were connected over the knot. I had a bit of slack in my arms. Then I felt him undo my ankles from the chain and pull them apart. He attached them to the adjustable leg spreader, which he adjusted until I had almost no slack at all. He stood behind me and took more of the purple bondage rope, and tied it around my middle just below my breast and took it and tied it tightly to the other rope.

Into my neck, he whispered, “Alright, down to business, my love. Remember your safe word. When you need to use it, use it. Understood?” I nodded. “Good. Now remember this is a test today and you have not earned what I am about to do to you.” I nodded. He stepped back; I could hear it coming. Smack! It stung as he pulled back again and hit me over and over again. It was the flogger whip made of suede, its bark was worse than its bite, which was no kiss on my tender backside. He moved to my front, aiming for my breasts then moving down to my thighs. Only a couple of the strings would hit my most sensitive place, which thankfully was mostly covered by the chastity belt..

He stopped; I felt cool water being poured over my stinging body. He rubbed the layspot vibrator against my clit, causing me to moan. He bent to my nipple and sucked on it as his free hand pulled on the other. He kept it up for minutes until I was screaming into an orgasm, as he was saying “cum for me, my pet.” I slumped against my bounds, unable unwilling to move. He turned the vibe down to low. He pulled out the gag, and offered me a straw. I sucked it; it was water. I drank until he pulled it away. “That is enough for now.”

He replaced the gag, bent down, and began to suck on my nipple again until it was so hard that it almost hurt. The shooting pain went through my body as he placed one of the deluxe nipple clamps that had an adjustment to it. He always threatened to put them on without any adjustment to them, when he wanted to scare me. I did not want to think about how much they would hurt if he did. However, it was hurting me more than normal. I groaned as he started to suck on my other nipple, “yes, they do hurt more than normal, I loosen the adjustment, but I know you can take it. And if you can’t you can always use your safe word.” I shook my head and attempted to say, no. “No?! What do you mean no? Of course you can, you can always say it.” He went back to his sucking and added the other clamp to it. I almost screamed as he added it.

He left me alone for a few seconds, leaving me to my pain. I straightened back up. He hit me with a new toy. It hurt. I screamed into the gag, as my ass was beaten by it. I then remember this crop from the website; he had never used a crop of any type on me before. It was purple, a crop with a leather tip, if I remembered correctly. He loved the color purple when it came to bondage; he said I looked good in it. He started to beat me with it. He started with my ass and worked his way down, never hitting the same place twice. When he got down to almost my knees he started again. He walked around me, using the tip hitting my sides lightly. He moved to my breasts and picked up the swing but only using the tip. He went down to my thighs. Then, he moved to my inner thighs and continued to hit them using the sides of the crop. I could feel the tears coming. I did not know how much more I could take from him. I merely whimpered, “Please.”

“You know the safe word,” was his only response. Through he did turn the vibe up a little bit, without missing a beat with the crop.

It seemed like hours as he worked my breast, thighs, and backside over with that nasty little crop. My eyes were stinging from my tears, my throat was dry from screaming, and my arms were sore from remaining above my head. I knew the rope around my middle was the only thing supporting me. Though I was in pain, my juices were flowing down my thighs mixing with sweat that covered every inch of my body.

Suddenly he stopped. He poured more cool water over my body. He reached up and removed my gag. He lifted off my blindfold over my sweating forehead. He looked into my eyes and I saw compassion, pity, and maybe even a hint of regret. He shook his head and he tried to make his eyes into the angry, cruel, and uncaring ones that he wore when he punished me. He stepped back and undid his leather belt, which was just 25mm wide. He looked me over; I could tell he wanted to stop.

I looked into his eyes, and with a horse voice, I said, “If you do not want to do anymore, then release me.”

Then his eyes truly turned to the angry, cruel, and uncaring eyes I had seen before, when I had been in the garage before, “Did I give you permission to speak, Slut?”

“No, Sir.”

“I have my mind made up. I will continue the test until you pass or fail.” He took a step back, and poured more water over my stinging body. As he took another step back, his arm swung back. He, then, swung his arm forward and the belt swung with it. It stung like no other as it wrapped around my side hitting my back and my other side. I let out a scream of bloody murder. “Well, we can’t have that.” He lifted the gag to my mouth and I accepted it. He then returned to hitting me with that belt. It wrapped around my back to my other side several times, astounding me. I screamed almost as loud as I did un-gagged, when it wrapped around my thighs. He stood in front of me the whole time never breaking eye contact.

It felt like he hit fifty times with that belt. I, finally, said, “Intermission,” it was barely a whisper.

He stopped immediately, “what did you say, my pet?” I did not answer just stared at him. He stepped back, swinging his arm forward and let the belt wrap around my thigh one more time.

I screamed, as loud as I could through the gag, “INTERMISSION!!!”

He dropped the belt, pulled out the gag, “what was that, baby?”

“Intermission, sir,” tears flowed down my cheeks, I looked to the floor, “I am sorry, Sir I cannot take anymore, I am sorry I had to use it..”

He lifted my chin up to force me to look into his eyes, “Sweetie that is all I wanted.” I looked at him confused. “Since you told me of your ex, I just wanted to know you would use your safe word to me.” He kissed me with all of his might. He undid the chastity belt and removed the toys. He untied my wrists and then my ankles, finally my midsection.

He picked me up before I fell and carried me into the bathroom. He sat me in the tub, kissed me on the forehead before turning away to start the bath water. He stood up and took off his clothes. He returned facing me and took my hair down. He pulled down the showerhead and washed my tear stained face and then my hair. He continued washing every inch of my body. When he was done, he unplugged the drain. He stood and rinsed me off. He pulled out a big fluffy towel; he then wrapped me in it. He picked me up, took me into his bedroom, and when finished drying my body off, he dried my hair and started to brush it. He tucked me in, “I will be back, in a little bit; you rest now.” I could not say anything. I just smiled and fell asleep before the door closed.

I awoke, several hours later, I looked around, and he was not anywhere to be seen. I stayed in bed. I was still sore and did not wish to move, anyway. I must have dozed off, because when I opened my eyes, he was sitting on the edge of bed looking down at me. “Well, good morning love.” He bent down and kissed my forehead. “I brought you a snack,” I saw a tray with slice fruit; “I want you to eat then go into the bathroom and follow the written directions.” He smiled kissed me again.

I went into the bathroom and I saw a paper on the sink, I want you to be cleaned, inside and out. Then come down stairs, nude. I then noticed the colt shower shot enema. It had a metal tube leading to a penis shaped dildo. Next to, it was some lube and a post it note, take as much as you can and leave it in for five min and then repeat, until it comes out clear. I looked in the shower, and I saw a douche. I decided I should start with the enema. I lubed the dildo and inserted it; I turned both knobs on at the same time but only to half power. It took me three times to finish. I left the dildo and tube in the sink. I started the shower. I stepped in.

I dried off and brushed my hair. Looking in the mirror, I saw the damage from earlier; I was amazed how badly my breasts and stomach looked. I stopped on the way through the bedroom, at the full-length mirror, my thighs looked worse and I looked over my shoulder, my backside was black and blue. You could still see the welts and some places had not even started to bruise; it was a while before I was going to be healed. I walked down the steps. I saw him in the living room. He motioned for me. I walked to him and started to kneel before him but he stopped me and sat me next to him on the couch.

“Do you love me?”

“Yes, Sir.”

“I love you, do you trust me?”

I chuckled, “Yes, Sir.”

“You want to be mine?”

“More than anything, sir.”

“Will you obey me and be only mine?”

“Yes Sir.”

He pulled out a steel cable collar, “will you wear this for all time, and be mine?”

“Yes Sir.”

“No, think about this carefully. By saying yes, you are giving yourself to me and only me. You will always have the freedom to leave, but you will not be able to leave and then return as you wish.”

“Sir, I want to be yours and only yours. I love you more than anything and I swear all I want to do is to please you, to serve you, and to obey you.”

He smiled, “very well.” He locked the collar on my neck; it was cold but comfortable. “Now, I have the key and you must ask to have it removed rather it be for temporarily or permanently.” I must have given him a strange look, “I know right now you don’t want it to come off, but things change, and as for temporarily, if you get another job or you are going out or something it may not be appropriate. There is also this little gem. You will wear it most of the time.” It was a jewel butt plug, emerald. “Now bend over and accept this.” I got to the floor on my knees and elbows. He slipped it in. I turned around on my knees and looked up to him.

“Now there is a new rule for you. You are not to touch yourself without permission, and you are not to ask for permission either. Now, stand up.” He had the belt of the chastity belt, it had the PK slapper he used earlier on me, attached with a sort of quick release. “Now, that is so I don’t have to go looking for it every time you misbehave.”

He stood up and led me back to his bedroom. He laid me on the bed and, using the wrist cuffs from the night before, he attached me to the headboard. He looked down at me, and he smiled as he said, “do you want me to take you?”

I moaned, “Yes.”

“Now, remember while you have your safe word, you can only stop me.” I nodded. He went on, “do you have a choice?”

“No, Sir.”

His hand found my clit was working it as he spoke, “do you want to have a choice?”

“Only, if that choice is to make you fuck me right now.”

He chuckled and smacked my clit lightly, “well you don’t really have that choice, do you?”

“No, Sir.” I moaned and pushed myself against his hand.

He pulled his hand away, I let out a disappointed moan, and he smiled, “just for a second.” He pulled off his clothes and climbed between my legs. “Now leave your legs to the sides, do not wrap them around me or I will quit and restrain them.” I nodded. His head went to my pussy. I struggled to keep my legs apart. Sensing this he held them apart for me. I was approaching the edge after a few seconds he pulled away, “I am not ready for you to cum yet.” He returned to sucking my clit.

I was struggling against the cuffs and the pull of his legs. I could hardly breathe, almost yelling I pleaded, “Please sir, I need to cum.”

He spoke into my pussy, “cum for me, my pet.” I yelled as I came. He sucked and licked my pussy through my orgasm. He, then, climbed up the bed over me to slide his cock into me. He whispered into my ear, “clean my face, slut.” I did so.. Licking with all my might, I cleaned most of his face as he lay there, with his hard cock just sitting inside me. When he was satisfied I cleaned his face, he pulled away and started pumping into my pussy.. He curled his back and sucked on my nipples for a few seconds. He then arched his back pumping me. He bent down and sucked my neck. As he started to cum he said, “cum with me. Now.” He kept pumping my pussy for a few moments, until he got hard again. He straddled my face, and said, “Open.” I did not want to and looked to his eyes, they were stern so I opened my mouth and began sucking until he came into the back of my throat.

He undid the cuffs. He flipped me over, and reattached them to the headboard. He then attached my ankles to the sides of the bed. He kneeled to my side, and using his hand, he hit my ass, pausing after every slap. He removed the plug and tossed it to the side. He then pulled the lube out. He continued to smack my ass. There was another pause, but then he put a lubed finger into my ass. He moved between my knees. He pumped my pussy a couple more times, and finally he slid into my ass. He pumped until he came. He put his head next to mine, “now you are mine, no hole of yours is virgin to my cock.”
