---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesad/big_risk.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: The Big Risk
authors:
- Otto Dix
tags:
- Sbm
- corr
---

Hello Gromet.
That about does it.  Thanks for the ride.  It was certainly
a journey of self discover and escape from the bondage of shame and guilt.
Take care,
Otto.

**The Big Risk**

I can confidently say that I know tons about self bondage.  Not
just techniques, but also about motivation.  Why do we do it, and
how does the behavior affect our habit?  We get such a rush out of
that point of no return, but the same bondage activity soon becomes tiresome,
and we search for something different.  We look for different risks
to take, longer bondage sessions, and inevitable pain and torture.  
We start with basic self-imprisonment with a release in one to two hours. 
Then we might experiement with long sessions with uncomfortable positions. 
Perhaps some partial suspension.  We start using vibrators and fetish
clothes to highten our level of sexual arousal.  Perhaps a little
public bondage.  Perhaps some electrical torture.  We keep escalating
our self-bondage behavior looking for greater and greater adrenaline rushes,
but like a heroine addict, nothing ever seems to match that first time
we found ourselves completely helpless to release ourselves.

During our careers in self-bondage,  we have become escape artists. 
While bound, we test our ability to imprison ourselves, and are dissapointed
to find a method of release that we had not anticipated.  Eventually,
we devise simple yet effective means of inescapable self-bondage. 
When does the self-bondage activity stop being fulfilling?  What level
of risk are we willing to take, and still feel that we are acting responsibly.

Now that I am in my mid thirties, I am taking a serious look at my self-bondage
activities and the risks I take.  Before the internet, I never knew
that I was not alone in my activities, and even if I knew that others enjoyed
self-bondage, I had no means to communicate with them.  This isolation
leads to shame and guilt.  Public attitudes of bondage, especially
of men that like bondage are very unfavorable.  I kept my behavior
a secret.

I don't publicly announce my interest in bondage, yet I know longer
feel embarrassed or ashamed of it.  The internet and sites like Gromet's
have had a lot to do with that.  I have really enjoyed talking to
other people interested in self-bondage.  I am especially impressed
by people that don't even try and hide their real identity.  By the
way, Otto Dix is not my real name.  Otto Dix was a German painter
that painted impressions of the First World War.  Later, Hilter declared
his art as "decadent" since it portrayed war as less than glorious.

As I get older, I start to fear the idea of not doing bondage, more
than I fear the attitudes I might face.  With this shift in motivation,
I prepared an email for my wife.  I wrote down almost everything. 
I told her that I have always been interested in bondage.  I told
her I felt very guilty everytime I tried to hint at it with her, and that
I really should have told her about it a long time ago.  I told her
that I loved her and that I would never want to do anything to harm our
relationship.  I told her that I want our sex life to be fun and I
wanted to please her in many many different ways.  I suggested that
the next time we met, we should have a long, and honest discussion of sex
to discover what we liked, and how we can please each other.

I sat there for the longest time with my cursor on the send button. 
This felt like a point of no return for me.  The biggest I had ever
faced.  I took a couple of deep breathes, and clicked the mouse. 
Panic set in.  What the hell did I just do?

I waited and waited for a reply.  I was almost sick with anxiety. 
Near the end of the day, I received an email back from her.  First,
she wrote and nothing short of having an affair would ever change the way
she felt about me.  Then, she wrote that the first thing we are going
to have to do is get new head and foot boards with many posts, and she
didn't want to mess with a ton of rope, so I was going to have to get some
lockable cuffs and straps.  She looked forward to the discussion I
proposed, and indicated that she had a couple of requests herself.

The relief I felt from that email was nothing like anything I ever felt
before.  It was the ultimate release mechanism.  When we met
next, I suggested some ground rules for a discussion.  First, I pointed
out a trap that many people fall into when talking about sex, or trying
to communicate desires.  First, people will often do something to
their partner in hopes of reciprocation.  So instead of saying "I
want you to do this to me", they do it to them in hopes that the partner
will then do it in return.  Second, they will ask if the partner likes
an activity, instead of coming right out and saying "I like this, please
do it to me".

So, we had two ground rules for the discussion of sex.  The first
is that we take turns.  Second, we are allowed to either make a statement
about what we like, or ask a question about what the partner might want. 
Questions are only to find out about the sexual interests of the partner. 
They should not be used to communicate one's own desire, and the partner
should not interprete the questions as a hidden desire.  One should
never be insulted by a question.  If your partner asks you if you
want anal sex, and you don't, you just answer "No, not for me, thanks for
asking."  As an added element, you can offer your partner the opportunity
to get either a statement or a question from you.  In other words,
when it is your turn to talk, you ask "Do you want a statement, or a question?"

We lied down beside each other and began sharing interests.  We
made statements, asked questons, and clarified exactly what we did and
did not like.   As we talked, we fondled each other.  Turns
out that one of my wife's biggest turn-ons, is talking about sex. 
I found out a couple more things that she liked.  Being tied up is
not one of them, but we now know what to do to really turn on the other
person, and we really enjoy seeing each other becoming very aroused and
having great sex.

I don't think I will be doing that much self-bondage any more. 
I would encourage people to take the BIG RISK.  The payoff is worth
it.

Otto.
