---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/jillsadventureintototalslavery.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Jill's Adventure into Total Slavery
authors:
- Mistress Lisa
tags:
- Solo-F
- F/f
- D/s
- latex
- catsuit
- cuffs
- gag
- toys
- insert
- machine
- program
- bdsm
- strap
- electro
- denial
- climax
- cons
- X
---

**Part 1**
(All characters are fictional as is Frieda’s fashion house)

It was Thursday morning and Jill Evans was at her desk at the accounting firm she worked for, thinking of the upcoming weekend and what was going to be happening to her. Jill was 24 years old and after graduating from University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School of Business (head of her class) with an MS in accounting and Business Administration and she also took some electrical engineering and mechanical engineering courses and was one of a few people in the world with an IQ over 200.

After graduation she took a job at a leading accounting firm in New York as a junior partner. She was attractive with long flowing red hair 5’10 ‘, 128 lbs. and had a 36C-24-34 figure which made men and women stare at her, but she was not interested in anyone at work as she was afraid her secret fetish would hurt her career.

Jill was into hard core bondage, fetish wear, and pain and dreamed of becoming a total slave to a Master or Mistress, but no one at the accounting firm had a clue what she was looking for.

Jill had always enjoyed bondage but had never found anyone that was into the scene, or someone she could trust, so she practiced self-bondage. While at home she dressed as a slave wearing rubber, leather or latex slave outfits, a collar and cuffs on her wrists and ankles pretending to be owned. She always would masturbate while in bondage.

After graduation, Jill had bought a small ranch home in northern New Jersey; just across the bridge from New York and one of the features of the old house was it had a fallout shelter in the basement which she converted to her play dungeon.

Jill first met Frieda when she was assigned the account for her high end clothing store and she took Jill on a tour of the store. The first floor had the latest and very expensive designer clothes and Jill was amazed at the cost. The second floor was shoes, jewelry and lingerie. Frieda said that the third floor was a discrete specialty area and where they also held exhibits.

Upon entering the third floor Jill stopped short as she saw leather clothes, bondage items, crops, whips and lots of other BDSM items.
Frieda noticed Jill’s reaction to what was there and she asked Jill if she knew what these things were for. Jill blushed and admitted she did know and was into self-bondage but had not found anyone she trusted to serve, and she fantasized about being an owned slave and asked that nothing be mentioned to her firm. Frieda assured her she would not tell them.

Frieda also said since Jill was a perfect model size, would she consider modeling some of the fetish wear at shows that she did for special clients and that Jill could wear a hood so no one would know who she was, and she could keep the outfit for free or at a large discount. Jill agreed, as this was what she loved and it was a wet dreams come true.

When Jill got home after work that Thursday, she was so horny thinking about the upcoming weekend where Frieda had informed her that she would be modeling a new bondage suit especially designed for her and that after the show she could spend the weekend as her slave. Jill just had to take the edge off and decided to do a self-bondage session.

Jill had built in her dungeon; equipment for self-bondage which was controlled by her computer, and she designed it using her engineering background.

Once she entered her dungeon she stripped completely and locked on her slave collar, so she could start the slave session. Jill got her neosteel chastity belt from its box and attached the largest steel dildo and anal plug available to the belt and the wires from the belt to a tens unit which was on the waist band of the belt. Jill lubed the anal plug and slowly inserted it deep into her ass. The dildo needed no lube as she was very wet.

Quickly she locked the belt in place knowing all the keys for what she was using were in a locked box that would not open until the computer program opened the box so she could release herself. Jill setup the whipping machine (a motor with leather belts) that the computer would turn on but only one cycle at a time. Once she was secured to the table the belts would move on a track to hit her breasts, belly and thighs.

Jill attached the cables from the tens unit to the computer and then got on the bondage table. She closed the leg stocks which locked in place holding her legs spread wide apart. She made sure the key box was next to the table and connected to the computer so it would open for her release, she started the computer program, which gave her 2 minutes to finish the bondage.

Jill quickly attached cloverleaf nipple clamps to her large nipples and knew once the program started they would be slowly pulled and tighten as to slowly crush her nipples but stopping before any real damage would be done. She placed a large dildo gag in her mouth and locked in tightly so it could not be pushed out. The gag had a tube attached to it and at random the computer would squirt a milky liquid (stimulating cum) from the bottle hanging from a chain above into her mouth.

Finally she placed her wrists into the leather cuffs attached to chains running to the top of the table that the computer would pull tight stretching her body until the timer released them.

Before she could change her mind the program started and her arms were pulled taunt locking her in place. She felt the metals inserts start to vibrate on low speed which would frustrate her as her orgasm would build but would not be reached. She was enjoying the feeling when the first motor kicked in and the belt strapped both breasts leaving a welt. She screamed in to the gag and bite down which caused a shot of the cum like fluid to squirt into her mouth. She wondered if she had gone too far as the timer would not stop for another 2 hours and this was more than she usually set it for.

For the next two hours the belts slowly whipped her body leaving it welted and as the pain grew, she was getting very wet. Just as she was on the verge of a climax the tens unit started sending an electrical shock from the anal plug across to the dildo stopping her from cumming. Finally just as the program was ending, the vibrators went on high speed which was so intense and she had her first orgasm. Jill was now in a steady orgasmic state from the whipping, tens unit (which switched from vibration to shock at random) to the clamps pulling on her nipples.

Finally the time was up and the computer shut off everything and released her hands and unlocked the key box. Jill released herself from the table and barely could make it up the steps to her bed as she was totally wiped out from the 2 hours of pure pleasure and hell.

In the morning she was sore and her body still had some large welts. She soaked her body in her tub for about ½ hour before having breakfast and then started to get ready for the work.

Frieda had often used Jill as her slave for weekends over the last year and had promised Jill that after the show tonight she would serve as a slave for the rest of weekend in tight bondage and Jill was looking forward to being a real slave.

Jill left work early and arrived at Frieda’s store around 1pm as instructed. She was taken to the third floor area to be prepared for the night and to be dressed in the new outfit by designed by Frieda.

Jill removed all her clothes and then took a shower to get ready. She looked at her body, which was hairless from the neck down as she had a laser hair removal treatment. Frieda informed Jill that the outfit was custom made for her as it needed to fit perfect, and after the show it would be hers for free if it sold as expected.

Jill’s long red hair was braided tightly around a leather strap into a ponytail. Her hands were then cuffed to the hanging chains, as Frieda knew she enjoyed being helpless while being dressed. The kelly green rubber body suit was brought out to be put onto her. Jill saw it was made of thin rubber with a zipper up the back of the body suit.

Frieda and her helper powdered Jill’s legs and started to pull on the suit. It stretched tight and formed a second skin on her. As it reached her groin Jill felt a lubed finger slide in her asshole indicating she could expect that a plug was going in there. Frieda quickly slid the large, thick 10” dildo into her wet cunt and the matching 10” thinner dildo was inserted in her now well lubed ass.

Frieda showed Jill a small triangular block which was slid into a pocket in the front of the suit and Jill soon discovered the edge of the wedge pressed up against her clit.

Once the suit was passed her waist her right arm was released, powdered and slide into the body suit. Jill discovered the sleeve ended in a tight mitten. Her left arm soon followed the right into the suit making her hands useless, which caused her to become really excited. As the body suit was stretched up her body her breasts slide into cups, which had small rubber nodules inside to stimulate them. Jill could see her erect hard nipples through the thin rubber, which turned her on even further.

The zipper was pulled up the back with great difficulty, but the effect made her body look fantastic. Next a matching hood when over her head with her ponytail feed through a hole in the back, and was laced tight and she looked like a green rubber doll.

As Jill looked in the mirror she saw she was in totally secured in rubber and loved the look. A 4” matching posture collar went around her neck covering the body suit and hood and was locked so that the suit could not remove until after the show. Next a matching rubber corset was wrapped around her waist and this was cinched tightly pulling her waist to 18”. Finally her feet were placed in leather boots with 6” heels which were also locked on.

Frieda informed her that the dildos in her were vibrators, as was the mysterious wedge and that they were controlled by a remote control. Finally a ball gag was placed in Jill’s mouth and the strap was pull tight so she could not push the ball out. A secondary strap went under her chin and was also locked in place. Jill started to get worried about what was going to happen to her, but she was too excited by the bondage to really care and she knew that Frieda would not let anything happen to her.

Jill was lead out of the dressing area, by the leash that was attached to her collar, to one of the rooms that was used to demonstrate new items. There the mittens were cuffed to chains hanging from the ceiling and her ankles were cuffed to a spreader bar. Next her ponytail was attached to a third chain which was pulled until she was stretched taunt, making her totally immobile. From the corner of the room a robo spanker was pulled out and setup with a leather paddle.

Frieda pressed a remote to turn on vibrators inside her a low setting. Frieda then said, “I am going to change for the show so have a good time and laughing said don’t go anywhere and the spanker is set to deliver a whack every 5 minutes so enjoy.”

The lights were turned off and Jill could feel the vibrators starting to get her excited and when the first stoke of the paddle hit her ass sending pain through her she screamed into the gag and her cunt was flooding with her juices. Jill knew she was in for a long exciting weekend.



12.03.15

story continues in [**Jill's Adventure into Total Slavery 2: Carmen & Jason**](jillsadventureintototalslavery2.html)

o0o
