---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tied by Flatmate
authors:
- Marky J
tags:
- M/m
- cd
- bond
- rope
- gag
- chair
- cons
- X
date: 2010-05-21 00:00:00
---

It was a typical Saturday afternoon; I had just got back from playing football and went in the shower.  My housemate started banging on the door, "Hurry up will you, I need to get ready" I got dried and changed and let him have the bathroom.  About 45 minutes later he came in the living room in his dressing gown and sat down, "I"ll have 10 min and get ready".

"No problem" I replied, at this point he started to paint his nails.

Now I was not puzzled at this as I knew my flat mate Jamie was a cross dresser, now I not gay or into this but me and Jamie have been friends for years and when I got my new place he was the perfect housemate, clean, tidy, always good fun to be around plus we had been friends for nearly 10 years so we knew each other well.

Jamie went off to get ready whilst I as usual went on the x-box, about an hour passed and Jamie came in the living room fully dressed.  He was wearing knee boots, a long pvc dress and shoulder length pvc gloves, and would also be wearing a pvc coat when he goes out.  In my opinion he would or could pass as a female but seeing as I knew him, I knew it was a male but still with the makeup and wig etc he was really convincing.

Whilst he gave me the usual abuse of how bad I was at my game I asked what goes on at these nights out he goes too.

"Oh you don't want to know," he said

"Come on try me!"

"No," he responded

"I bet you all sit down drink wine, listen to music and whinge like most women," I mumbled.

"Nearly right," he said, "we drink, dance, have fun, tie each other up and have fun."

I paused the game, "Hold on, you tie people up!" I laughed, "at school you had Velcro shoes because you couldn't fasten your shoe laces!"

"Yeah well, things have changed."

"And how many people escape?" I retorted.

"None, do you want me to show you?" Jamie replied with an evil grin on his face he then left to go to his room and returned with a small bag.

"Doesn't matter what you do, I will get out and continue my game."

"Right, sit here," as Jamie pointed to the computer chair.

I sat down I felt his pvc gloves grasp my hands and place them behind my back.  Jamie then started to loop a length of cord around my wrists a few times and then tie it off to the metal bar of the back support.  This secured my wrists to the chair, "How does that feel?" Jamie said grinning.

"Ok, that is a bit tight" I replied.  "Hey what you doing?" I said as Jamie began to loop rope around my chest and waist and tied it off to the back of the chair.

I felt something go in my mouth as Jamie placed his gloved hand over my mouth, "Sssshhh, that to keep you quiet for the rest of this," later I realised he shoved a sock in my mouth.

From this Jamie got a roll of pink pvc tape and taped my ankles to the legs of the chair and then taped just below my knees to the legs of the chair.  Jamie disappeared and came back smoking and sat on my lap.

"How do you like that?" Jamie asked.

"Mmmmmpppphhh" was all I could muster and coughed a little as Jamie blew smoke in my face.

"Oh sorry," Jamie said as the sock was pulled out of my mouth, "can you get out?"

"No, ok you can tie me up, now let me mmmpphhh!" I was cut off as Jamie placed his pvc gloved hand firm over my mouth.

"No, no gaming tonight, no talking and I think I will keep you here for a while".

I grunted.

"We need a good gag for you," Jamie said and with this he grabbed a sponge ball and forced it into my mouth and then used the pink tape to seal it in.

"Mmmmmppppphhhhh" I said as Jamie just laughed and smoked, then reapplied lip gloss.

This was the start of bondage fun, more to come

Marky J
