---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: My Life as a Robot
authors:
- Sinsub
tags:
- Solo-F
- M-f
- online
- chat
- fantasies
- hypno
- memory
- program
- transform
- mindcontrol
- enslave
- cons
- X
date: 2018-08-17 00:00:00
---

Kelly sat blinking at the computer screen. There were words there flashing
before her eyes, but she had no awareness of them. There was something
happening to her. Powerful, expansive tingles crawled across her shoulders,
slipped down her spine, a thousand little nerves twinkling with pleasure,
like a thousand swarming stars enveloping her naked body. She was amazed
by the pleasure, the constant pleasure, running the length of her body,
head to toe, rushing up and down so fast she felt them as shivers and wondered
if she was cold. Should she get up and turn down the thermostat? Should
she get a sweater from the closet? Should she put her clothes back on--

She felt her eyelids blink suddenly. Such a heavy blink. Her eyes felt
tired and dry. Too many hours on the computer. This IRC thing was getting
to be a habit. She felt the sudden need for bed and told her friend online
she was signing off now. She'd never chatted with him before and didn't
recognize the nick. Astyn.

By the time she'd clicked out of the program and shut down her computer,
she was all but stumbling into bed, falling asleep the moment her head
hit the pillow.

The dreams that came to her were strange and wonderful. She'd had dreams
like this as a child, confusing. They were too personal, too hard hitting,
too close to the center of everything she considered unique to herself.
If felt almost as if things were being moved, separated, examined, then
gently replaced, like a polite robber in her family home.

When she awoke the next morning, she spent a long time rolling around
her sheets, stretching, yawning, feeling the sleep drop from her like so
many bricks. She swung her legs off the mattress, feet searching sleepily
for her slippers, hands seeking out her robe. But before she headed for
the bathroom, she did a strange thing. She lifted her nightshirt and gently
rubbed her belly. She poked her navel with a finger then shook her head
as a moment of disorientation passed.

'*Huh. Must've stood up too fast.*'

The phone rang. Her bladder was about to burst so she let the stupid
thing ring. The machine played its message and beeped, but the caller hung
up. If it'd been important they would've left a message. This depressed
her a little. There was no one important to her now, was there? She'd broken
it off with her boyfriend less than a month ago, and now she felt the severe
loneliness that came with such breakups. It was an unpleasant thought that
mimicked her mother's voice. 'You failed again, didn't you? You could've
made it work. You should've tried harder.'

As always, while she showered, brushed her teeth, rubbed lotion on her
skin, she defended herself. 'He just wasn't right. It just wasn't right.
I didn't fail. I learned . . . right? Isn't that what you were supposed
to do, try people on for size then keep the one that fit the best? Right?
Right!'

It sounded hollow.

She chose her office clothes, noticed a laundry emergency in the making,
and got herself together the best she could. It wasn't a glamorous job,
but it paid the bills.

The phone rang again.

Honestly! If this was a salesman she was really going to let him have
it. She wished she could do that. She was too damn nice to follow through.
She spritzed herself with perfume on her way to the phone.

"Hello?"

"Hi, is this the Robinson residence?"

"Um, yes, who is this?"

A friendly laugh. "Kelly?"

She flinched, a little nervous. "Yes . . . who is this?"

"Enter program mode."

The floor was rushing up, the carpet, the ceiling slipping away, the
ground humming like an old stereo. She felt dizzy and tried to put a hand
to her forehead but seemed to have missed it. Then she realized her hand
was still by her side. She hadn't moved at all. She stood there for what
seemed an eternity staring at her answering machine, watching the glowing
red light, feeling very blank . . . very . . . open. . . .

"Awake now."

She felt a rush of adrenaline. "Huh? Oh, I'm sorry. What were you saying?"

That friendly laugh again. "It was good to finally speak to you in person,
Kelly. I look forward to our next chat."

"Oh, yeah, me too." She felt suddenly very warm. Was she blushing? Was
she flirting with-- Who was this again? "Oh, look at the time. I'll talk
to you later, okay? I've got to get to work."

"Sure. See you soon."

"Okay, bye." She punched the off button on her phone. With another shake
of her head, her mind finally came clear. Work. Yes. And later, she'd get
on the computer. She couldn't wait for that, couldn't wait to get home
and find Astyn again. Just the thought of it gave her a tingle. She felt
practically giddy at the idea.

\* \* \*

The moment she got home, the phone rang. She answered it and heard his
familiar voice. He spoke to her quietly. She nodded and stared hard at
the answering machine, wondering why she felt so far away, so disconnected,
hearing her own voice as unintelligible hum.

And just like that she was hanging up the phone, massaging her face,
trying to clear her mind again. But as she did so, she realized it was
somehow becoming too clear! She was too focused. She understood she was
moving stiffly, every step, every motion deliberate. Every thought was
about what her next movement should be.

There was no time for television. She had tasks. Chores must be done.
And they must be done well, efficiently. She set about gathering her clothes,
separating them into their appropriate piles. Her movement felt jerky,
uneven sometimes, but she was getting used to it. It was beginning to feel
normal, and any time it didn't, she found herself thinking about her bellybutton,
rubbing her finger around it, waiting for the urge to poke it. Why, there
was an urge now. . . .

Tingles made her shoulders shudder. She let her head fall back, closing
her eyes, enjoying each last sparkle, hearing her voice again, feeling
her lips move by themselves. She didn't bother to listen to what they were
saying, she was lost in the tingles, surrounded by a million popping bubbles.

When they were done, she felt the change almost immediately. Now, she
was very stiff. Each move must be planned. Every move must accomplish a
goal. Every motion must be well directed. She spent the next three hours
loading her washer with clothes, moving them with short efficient movements
into the dryer, bending over at the waist, claiming dry clothes with locked
elbows. Folding them was a challenge.

In three hours, she felt the urge to prod her navel with a finger almost
six times. By the time eight o'clock arrived, she was nearly exhausted.
She was tired from all the tingles, and yet charged with nervous energy.

She logged onto IRC and waded through chatrooms and annoying come-ons
until she saw him. Astyn.

> Kelly: Hi :)
>
> Astyn: Good to see you. Get all your laundry
> done?
>
> Kelly: Yes. How did you know I was doing laundry?
>
> Astyn: Well you did ask for a more robotic
> experience.
>
> Kelly: huh?
>
> Astyn: laughs and pats your friendly bottom.
>
> Kelly: Hey! You keep your hands off my friendly
> bottom. Understand pal?
>
> Astyn: Enter program mode

She found herself blinking slowly again, watching the computer screen .
. . absorbing. . . .

She arrived at the airport late. Better late than never. When she walked
past him, he noted her confused expression. Yes. She would be wondering
how she'd gotten here, wouldn't she?

Kelly stopped by the phones, her hand on a receiver, wondering who she
should call. Home? Someone here? She felt a presence behind her. She turned
and looked at a stranger with a generous, friendly smile.

"Um, can I help you?" she asked.

"Enter program mode."

She awoke in a chair. Her hands were strapped down, her legs as well.
She thought she should be frightened, but she wasn't. That just didn't
make sense. There was a stranger adjusting something around her skull,
tightening a band of some kind, turning screws, gathering wires. He noticed
her open eyes.

"Oh, hi. How do you feel?" His voice was pleasant enough.

She swallowed. "I . . . I'm not sure. I feel okay. What's happening?"

He shook his head in surprise. "You really don't remember a thing do
you?"

She tried to shake her head, but it was fastened in place. "No. I'm
. . . what's going on? I don't-- Where am I?"

He put a cool hand on her forehead. "It's okay, Kelly. Open memory module
1."

She felt her eyes drift for a moment. Something opened in her mind,
unpackaged itself and spread itself out to be examined. With some trepidation,
she began moving through it, remembering. . . .

She'd met him online. They'd discussed her fantasies. He'd asked if
she'd like to try hypnosis online. She scoffed. How could hypnosis work
through a computer. He asked her to trust him and see if it would work.
She agreed. She remembered watching the words, feeling nothing at first,
but trying to visualize the images he typed out. Then there was the awareness
that it was, at least it seemed to be, working. She remembered being startled
by that.

While she was falling for what felt like forever, he began asking her
questions. She recalled how easily she'd answered, without thought, just
answering any question he asked of her. She remembered how open and trusting
she felt. She remembered him playing with her, telling her to feel his
hand on her belly rubbing, soothing her deeper and deeper.

Then the real questions began. Questions about her life. About her fantasies.
About her sex life. She admitted to all of her most embarrassing inner
thoughts. She'd never told them to anyone. She couldn't. They were too
weird. Too perverted.

But they weren't strange to him. He admitted he'd picked her because
he'd noticed something about the way she chatted online: the words she
used, the IRC gestures, the channels she visited, the topics that sent
her blushing with pleasure but laughing as if it didn't affect her at all.

All this unfolded in her mind. She blinked her eyes, realizing she'd
been staring at the empty wall for a long time. "Oh my god." It was a whisper.
Her whisper. She was stunned and oddly relieved at the same time.

She heard an vacuous whirring from behind her.

"Kelly?" Astyn peered hard into her eyes. "You okay?"

She gulped. "Yes. But I still don't understand. What are you doing to
me?"

"Open memory nodule 2."

And another burst of memories rushed up out of some hidden place deep
in her mind:

She remembered being so deeply under she couldn't even type anymore,
only watch and listen. Her eyes had been glued to the monitor. She was
blank. Totally without thought, without hope or complaint, utterly receptive.

He had questioned her most severely, learning things about her she didn't
even know herself. This had been going on for weeks. He'd remained hidden
from her, hypnotizing her into not remembering before she was ready.

And in one of these powerful trances she confessed her soul to him.
Her deepest desire. Her years of guilty masturbation, imagining herself
being turned into a dog in her early years. How it had changed in her teen
years. How she'd read some books about bondage. Fourteen to twenty-one,
she'd imagined being whisked away to Persia or some such place and being
brainwashed, or conditioned, or just manipulate somehow into total submission.
Being enslaved, and feeling terrible about it when the waves of pleasure
had subsided.

Astyn promised to take away the guilt. After twenty-one, another more
bizarre fantasy had come to life. More guilt followed. Her self esteem
was being damaged now, eroded away by feelings of shame. The slavery wasn't
enough anymore, was it? She needed true compliance. The utter abandon that
being ripped from her human body could provide. Too many stories online,
she supposed, about androids.

By chance, or fortunate accident, she remembered her brother talking
about an old Star Trek episode. She sought it out now, renting it over
and over from the nearest video store. People as androids.

"And memory nodule 3 as well I think," Astyn continued.

He'd asked her if she would really do it if given the chance. Would
she? Become what she desired? It was possible, whether she believed it
or not, but the body never survived the transfer. It was irreversible.
Out of the deepness of her mind came the word, "yes".

Astyn held up a remote. Clicked it once. There were small pinches all
around her head. She winced, feeling tears in her eyes. No, it hadn't hurt
that bad. It was emotional, wasn't it?

"Do you understand what I'm about to do, Kelly?" Astyn whispered.

She closed her eyes, tried hard to blink away the tears, feeling the
insufferable itch of their trickle down her cheeks. She tried to say yes,
but could only swallow again and again. "Will it hurt?"

"No. You'll be asleep. Are you sure about this? This is your last opportunity
to change your--"

"I'm sure," she choked out.

He stared at her for a long time, finally came close and gave her a
soft kiss, peering hard into her eyes, searching for something. She wasn't
sure what.

He clicked a button on the remote and a wall of darkness fell over her
eyes. She felt as if a carpet was ripped from beneath her, and she began
to tumble. . . .

\* \* \*

" . . . activate all segments please."

She felt a mechanical kick in her spine. Her eyelids popped open. The
vision was perfect. All colors surreal, so bright, so vivid. Everything
was clear and clean.

"How are you doing in there?"

"Good, I think. I'd like to . . . see myself."

"Certainly. I think, yes, you're in the green all the way. There should
be a three way mirror to your right. Please. Be my guest."

She jerked at first, then things began to go smoothly. All her movements
were perfect. The liquid sway of her hips, perfect. The easy sway of her
arms, perfect, like palm fronds waving in a warm tropical breeze. The gentle
motion of her legs, perfect. She was perfect, wasn't she?

The beautiful, utterly female visage approached her from three directions.
She touched her long, auburn hair, blinked her eyes, so green and perfect.
She rubbed her soft arms lightly with the tips of her fingers. She felt
her movements so natural, languid and strong, like a trained ballerina.

She turned to him, almost surprised, a warm blush on her cheeks, smiling.
"I'm . . . I'm perfect."

He nodded, breathing out, " . . . yes . . . you are."

"But I . . . I feel okay. I don't feel . . . robotic. I don't feel like,
well, obedient. I guess I thought I'd feel-"

"Enter program mode."

She felt herself stiffen. The humanness of her was falling away now.
The emulator had clicked off and now she was left in the empty world of
calculation and instruction. A self examination was performed quickly.
Core checked. All programs intact. Yes. She had specific instructions that
were clear and easy to read in this state, yet only moments ago, she'd
had no awareness of it.

"Unit ready to obey."

Astyn's smile was enormous. "Kind of amazing, isn't it?"

Kelly remained motionless, staring fixedly at nothing.

He stepped close and pressed his fingers lightly to her lips. "How complete
it all is. . . . This what you wanted, Kelly. Enslavement. Total enslavement."

He pinched her nipple severely, checking her eyes carefully for any
sign of pain. There was none. The skin would not bruise. Short of a major
catastrophe, it would never blister, bleed, or break. She was perfect.
In every way.

"Ready to receive instructions, my sweet little bot?"

"Ready to receive instructions, Master."

So . . . very . . . very . . . perfect.
