---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/eroticstories/storiessz/yielding.html
subcategory: Spandex
title: Yielding
authors:
- Frosted Moonwright
tags:
- F/m
- strapon
- pegging
- anal
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2025-04-26 00:00:00
---

Nikki opened the door to her flat with more of a rote despondency than she wanted. Work was hard, even the long hours did not contain enough time to get done all that was demanded of her. She knew that she was **far** more productive than her peers in the same level, but as the old adage so aptly described, “the reward for work well done is the opportunity to do more”. Well, she was good at her job, but promotions were few and far between, and seemed to all go to the executives’ golfing buddies instead of those more qualified for them. So she bided her time until an opportunity at another company opened up for her, and **then** her problems would be solved. She emphasized the last half-thought with an enthusiastic shutting of the door, and mentally shifted gears to the next set of problems for her to solve.

First, her flat looked to be in the exact same state as she had left it this morning. That meant her live-in boyfriend, Tucker, hadn’t actually done any of the things that he promised he would do. This was annoying, but mostly expected at this point. *Probably just gaming and getting high again*, she thought, *I wonder if he even remembered that it’s my birthday?* As she entered the living area, her initial guesses were confirmed: Tucker was half-sitting, half-reclining in his usual spot in front of the TV, headset on, controller in hand, cigarette hanging limply out of his mouth. His natural good looks were a bit marred with a somewhat glazed expression on his face and a general lack of upkeep.

“Hi Tucker,” she said, knowing that he hadn’t heard or seen her come in.

“Hey, babe!” he drawled after a brief moment. His brogue had once seemed exotic and alluring, and now just spoke of laziness to her. “How was work?”

She knew this latter question had no weight behind it. He didn’t really care how her day had been, but there had been enough sharply-worded arguments between them that he at least understood the need to pretend to be interested in small talk. *Not that there’s ever any* _**deep***_talk with him either,* she thought, *It’s always sportsball or games or the latest cryptocurrency.* “Work was fine, just too busy as always.”

Formality assuaged, he settled back into his chair and focused on his game. “Did you pick up food on the way home, babe?” he asked plaintively, “I’m starved!”

Sigh. “It’s Wednesday, Tucker. It’s your night to handle dinner.” She tried to not let her expression show her disappointment, and knew she wasn’t successful. But he didn’t see it anyways, since the game was more important at the moment.

“Oh, sorry, babe, I forgot,” he said dimly, “I mean, I wasn’t sure what you’d want, and I forgot to ask you about it.”

She briefly considered calling up one or more of her girlfriends to get dinner and drinks somewhere, just to escape this mundane pattern that repeated about every other week, but decided that she wasn’t in the mood for that type of socialization either. She just wanted some good food, maybe a bath, and then a long night of sleep.

“Ok, I’ll just order some takeaway,” she said, not really expecting a response other than maybe a grunt. She called up her favorite local shop to see if they’d deliver something for her.

“Good evening, Nikki, my favorite customer!” boomed the shop owner without waiting for her to say hello. She knew this was a lie, as she’d heard him say as much to probably fifteen other customers over the years, but appreciated the sentiment all the same.

“Hello, Leander,” she said, trying to put a smile into her voice for his sake. The jovial man had this aura around him that just made her feel more at home. “Can I put in an order for delivery? To my flat.”

“Of course, my dear. Your usual, I assume?”

“Yes, that’d be lovely. And a #7 for Tucker, too.” It occurred to her that she knew all of Tucker’s preferred meals, but he probably didn’t even know her overall favorite, much less her preferences at each vendor.

“Coming right up! Should be at your door in about fifteen minutes! Call me if you need anything else!”

She thanked him, and hung up the phone. It felt strange that such a brief conversation with a food vendor had made her feel better than talking with her boyfriend. *Eh, c’est la vie.* Some day, she’d have everything figured out.

---

The food showed up punctually as predicted, delivered by Leander’s minion Javier. Nikki tipped generously, as she always did. Javier even promised to share the tip with Leander, and Nikki chose to believe him this time. She dropped off Tucker’s food, and he started eating without so much as a “thanks”, and sat at the table to eat her own dinner. As she finished with her meal, she noticed a small extra package in the bag, and curiously removed it. It was one of Leander’s homemade desserts, which he didn’t sell in his shop, with a small handwritten note that said “Happy Birthday, Nikki!” *Now why am I starting to tear up over this? I shouldn’t be so sensitive. It’s not like he’s the only one that remembered…*

“Hey babe, can you grab me a beer?” the request came from the other room, without so much as checking if she was even there. She didn’t move or respond, as she didn’t want to break her brief reverie. “Ok, I’ll get it myself… Hey, whatcha got there?” He read it over her shoulder. “Hey, happy birthday, babe!”

*Ok, this is maybe worse than him not remembering at all. Now if I’m not ‘appropriately appreciative’, he’ll be all whiny about how* _**he***_remembered and I’m just being self-centered or something.* Sigh… “Thanks, Tucker,” her voice said flatly, distantly.

“We should celebrate! I, uhh, didn’t get you anything,” he admitted. “How about a massage?”

She sighed internally. She did actually really enjoy massages, and Tucker’s had enough muscle to be able to do it properly, but it was almost always just an excuse to get her naked. *Never lasts long enough to even count as foreplay, either. On the other hand, I’d still have time for that bath before bed.* “Ok, Tucker, but just the massage. I’m not up for anything else tonight.”

He silently pouted for a second, before remembering that he was supposed to be doing something nice for her birthday. “Sure thing, babe! One entirely professional massage coming right up!” She rolled her eyes at this, but walked to their shared bedroom, disrobed, and laid on her stomach on the bed. She pulled her long wavy pastel pink hair up over her head, stretched her arms out by her sides, and tried to relax. She smelled the massage oil, and hoped he’d washed his hands today.

His touch was strong and confident, as he was well-versed in this practice. When he thought about it at all, he considered it as a bit of a trade: *give the girl a massage, and she’ll usually ‘thank’ me later.* And now he had Nikki, who he admitted was one of the best pulls he’d ever managed. So he tried to give her a good time, finding the tight muscles and encouraging them to relax.

Nikki was enjoying the massage for the moment, even if she knew her mental space wasn’t quite right for it. No matter how well he worked his hands, she’d still be carrying some tension. *Better than nothing, I suppose*, she conceded. And she was rather unsurprised when his hands worked their way down to her exposed butt and stayed there for far longer than was necessary. She knew she wasn’t particularly tight or holding tension in those muscles. It was just Tucker being easily distracted, and having probably already forgotten about his promise for a professional massage. *Typical.*

“Hey babe, I just had a great idea. You’re looking particularly luscious tonight, and I remember you had said that you wanted to try anal sometime.”

*I said no such thing, you buffoon,* she thought, *It’s* _**you***_that always brings it up. And every time I tell you that I’m not interested.*

“Yeah, babe, when we talked about our dating history, you said you’d swung both ways with your other boyfriends. Why you been holding out on me?” he couldn’t keep the whining note out of his voice at this last question.

Sigh. *Even a nit like you should know that ‘swinging both ways’ means I’ve also dated women, you dolt.* “Tucker, I’m not interested in having sex tonight, can you just let it go?”

“What was so special about those other guys and not me?” he whinged. “After everything I do for you, you won’t even try it?”

*Oh, that is* _**IT***_!* she internally exclaimed, before quickly composing her facial expressions. “Alright, Tucker, but only because it’s my birthday. I’m going to get cleaned up and prepared, will you be ready when I come back? Fresh condom, please.”

He grinned like it was **his** birthday. “Sure thing, babe! I’ll be right here!”

She glided to the bathroom and made a bit of a show of getting ready. She slipped her favorite lingerie on, a web of thin black straps that wrapped her from neck to thighs. It emphasized her already-large breasts even more nicely, and had reduced many partners [of all genders] to fawning stares. She briefly fondled herself as she finished up her clothing choices, nipples already standing at attention.

When she walked out of the bathroom, Tucker was reclining on the bed, already naked, with a condom on his erect dick. He was stroking himself, as the stimulation was needed to maintain his erection. *I’d have thought that something new like this would keep him awake, but I guess not,* she thought. His attention started on her face and gradually worked its way south, appreciating every curve and highlight, but unexpectedly became a little unfocused when they arrived at her crotch. Instead of the smooth mound and hidden pleasure center that he expected, there was another collection of black straps, holding what looked like a fleshy pink penis.

Nikki smiled, softly at first, then more widely at Tucker’s confusion. She reached down, pulled the tip of her strap-on up to her stomach with one finger, then let it go to bounce erratically. “You seem confused, Tucker. Is this not what you’ve been asking for?”

For once, Tucker seemed entirely at a loss for words. He just stared dimly at the artificial cock, which was a good bit larger than his own. He continued to not react as she slowly walked to the bed, squeezing a thorough quantity of lube onto the dildo and stroking it slowly, as if she could feel it.

“Well, let me know if you change your mind,” she said in a sultry voice. “Otherwise, I’m not stopping until I’m satisfied.” She moved onto the bed on her hands and knees, approaching him almost as if she intended to go down on him. As he still hadn’t said anything, or moved in any way, she slowly lifted up one of his legs, followed by the other, and put his ankles on her shoulders. *This position should be familiar for you,* she laughed internally. When the tip of her strap-on finally touched his virgin rosebud, he made his first noise or movement since her reveal: a squeak! She had expected **something** more than that, but it would do. She slowly helped relax his opening, agonizingly haltingly slid the tip of her toy in, and teasingly rotated her hips around to give him different sensations. He was already open-mouthed and trying to make noises, but nothing seemed to be coming out. As she slid the tip languidly in and out, she could see his hands clench at the air, but he made no attempt to grab anything or push her away or even say anything.

*Time to up the ante a bit,* she thought, as she slowly slid the entirety of the dildo into his anal cavity. He appeared unused to the experience, but did not seem to be minding it, if the hardness of his own dick was any measure. She guided it a few centimeters in, before backing it up a little less distance, and she repeated this pattern slowly to introduce the whole phallus without any particular discomfort to interrupt the moment. When she was nearly at full extension inside, she thrust strongly to bottom it out, and firmly pressed her hips against his. And to her surprise, he clenched down hard in response and had a hands-free orgasm! *I don’t think he’s ever done* _**that***_before,* she thought slyly, *He really must be fancying this.* She kept sliding smoothly in and out as he spasmed.

She felt a familiar tingle in her pussy as she continued. It likely wouldn’t be enough to make her come, but she did revel in the feeling of being in control and making somebody else come. Admittedly, she’d had a lot more of this type of experience with her previous girlfriends than with any of the men she’d dated. *Maybe that’s changing now,* she thought. *Maybe they’re just not confident enough to allow themselves to enjoy it.* Sensing that Tucker’s orgasm was over, but noticing that his erection hadn’t diminished at all, she started doing medium-speed, long strokes with her strap. His head was rolling back and forth, eyes still screwed tightly shut. There were little whimper noises coming out of his open mouth, but still no attempts at speech. His hands were still hovering at his sides, occasionally clenching, and he’d made no attempt to move away, stop her advances, or even touch himself. So she kept thrusting, enjoying the melange of facial expressions and twitches.

And then before she knew it, he was orgasming **again**! She relished being able to give this pleasure to a partner, grinning unseen to anybody. She let his orgasm play out, but before it had completely finished, she pushed his ankles away from her shoulders, holding them with outstretched arms over his own head. His hands came up tentatively to grasp the backs of his thighs and pull his knees into his own chest. In this position, she could **really** thrust, and so she did. She’d learned this ‘rabbit fuck’ technique from a previous lover who had been much more attentive of her needs, and it served her well this time. Quick, fast strokes with little delay between them. *Not too deep, now,* she thought, *Just have to find that right spot for it.* At first, she thought that this new technique had extended Tucker’s orgasm, but quickly realized that he was having another one. And then barely a minute later, **another one**. He was orgasming in rapid succession, sometimes overlapping, and it seemed to be entirely out of his own control. He was metaphorically and physically just hanging on. And Nikki was **loving** it, and continued to play with Tucker’s responsive body for a long time into the night.

---

Later that night, having exhausted herself physically, but with a satisfied feeling and expression, Nikki looked at her sleeping boyfriend and thought to herself, *Maybe this wasn’t the worst birthday after all.*

---

When she woke the next morning, Tucker was gone from the bed. Unusual, for him to get up earlier than her, but not entirely out of character. She got up, put on a robe, and walked into the living space, absently curious about what type of conversation they might have in retrospect of last night. What she found frankly astounded her. Tucker was **not** in his habitual gaming sprawl, but was cooking breakfast! And from the recent changes, it looked like he’d been cleaning and sorting some of the various collections of miscellaneous things that their flat tended to acquire. The trash was collected, and several tables and shelves were cleaned and more organized than they had been. He’d even cleaned the entire kitchen table so they could both eat there at the same time, which hadn’t happened in weeks!

“Uh, hi, Nikki,” he said hesitantly. “Sorry if I woke you.”

“You didn’t,” she waved a hand at the room. “What’s all this, then?”

“Well, I was thinking that I haven’t really been pulling my weight around here lately. I haven’t been appreciating you as you deserve. And maybe,” he shrugged shyly, “if I stop being such a waste of space, maybe you’ll do what you did last night again sometime?”

“I think that can be arranged. If you’re a good boy.” And she smiled.
