---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Warning Unheeded
authors:
- Jennifer
tags:
- Sbm
- F-m
- bond
- infantism
- cons-reluct
- X
date: 2006-01-05 00:00:00
---

A Warning
Unheeded by Jennifer Sbm; F/m; bond; infantism; cons/reluct; X

sequel to 'Out of the Frying Pan'

 

CHAPTER 1

 

           
My wife Sally was a girl in a million. She knew that ever since I could
remember, my favourite fantasy was to be dressed up as a cute little baby girl
and then restrained in a cot or pushchair. And with her sense of humour and
slightly sadistic tendencies, she was more than happy to have fun by obliging
me, which usually meant considerable discomfort to me and fun to her. Let’s
face it, a sadist and a masochist is the perfect combination.

           
Briefly, my great pleasure was to be humiliatingly dressed up as a cute
little baby girl, and then securely restrained and gagged with a large dummy
until Sally decided to release me. I enjoyed straining and squirming helplessly
within my restraints, and she enjoyed making it as uncomfortable and humiliating
for me as she could, while teasing me mercilessly. And she was good at *that*!
By the time we’d been married a short while she’d become a bondage expert
who could truss me up in such a way that I had no chance of releasing myself.
She knew every escape trick in the book, and always kept the rope knots and
strap buckles well out of reach of my prying fingers.

           
When she first moved in with me before we were married, I didn’t have
the nerve to tell her about my secret fantasy, so I had to put on my baby outfit
of nappy, plastic pants and baby frock and tie myself up when she wasn’t
around. It wasn’t very satisfying though, because I had to be able to release
myself at any time I wished to.

But inevitably, on one occasion
she came home unexpectedly and found that I’d trussed myself up a bit too
well, and hadn’t been able to untie myself. She was annoyed because it showed
that I hadn’t trusted her to understand my unusual means of pleasure, and also
the fact that it looked as if I didn’t need her to enjoy myself. It made her
feel peripheral to my pleasure, and irritated, she said that she would be happy
to indulge my penchant for being dressed up and tied up whenever I wished, but
on one condition. She warned me in no uncertain terms that if she ever came home
and found that I’d tied myself up again without her participation, she would
make me regret it.

If only I’d heeded her warning,
which brings me to the sequel to that occasion. 

           
As I mentioned at the beginning, one of my fantasies was to be dressed as
a baby girl and then helplessly restrained by Sally, who would tease me
mercilessly until she’d had *her* fun and decided to release me. For the
purpose of our fun and games I made an adult sized baby’s cot with barred
sides that could be raised and lowered, fitted with a plentiful array of straps
and a set of made to measure traditional leather baby reins so that ‘baby’
could be restrained in proper infant fashion. The cot was made of wood, painted
white with small nursery transfers on it, and was a perfect replica of a genuine
baby’s cot. Sally was good at dressmaking, and made several baby outfits to
fit me. We also obtained such items as nappies and plastic baby pants on the
internet, and thus equipped we spent many happy hours indulging ourselves in the
many inventive games that Sally was so good at devising.

           
We kept the cot in the spare room, which we’d fitted out as a nursery.
With my talent for woodwork, I’d also made up a large baby’s high chair,
also fitted with restraints to hold the occupant firmly in place, and we’d
even been able to acquire a large sized toddler’s pushchair which I could be
strapped into by Sally, unable to get out of the escape proof lockable
restraints. All I could do was wriggle and writhe helplessly like any real
toddler. On one or two occasions Sally dressed me up as a baby in a nappy, dress
and bonnet, and left me out in the garden for the day. She even threatened to
take me out for a walk like that, but fortunately she hadn’t carried out her
threat. So far.

           
But eventually I tempted fate just once too often. Although Sally had
warned me not to in no uncertain terms, I continued with my self bondage
sessions from time to time when I knew she would be well out of the way, and for
quite some time I got away with it, and she never found out.

           
One weekend, she had to go up to
Manchester
 to attend a conference, and said
she’d be away from Friday until Sunday evening. We hadn’t had a session for
a couple of weeks, so I looked forward to indulging myself on the Saturday,
while the coast was clear. I did some shopping on Saturday morning, had a nice
lunch at the local pub, and went home very much in the mood for a bit of self
bondage, dressed up as a baby girl to spice it up with some humiliation.

           
As soon as I reached home I undressed and had a shower, and then went
into the nursery and laid everything out ready for use. First of all I folded a
large terry towelling nappy into a kite shape and spread it out on the cot. Then
I took an adult sized disposable nappy and placed it on top of the terry one to
act as a nappy liner. 

           
I clambered onto the cot and positioned myself on the two nappies, and
drawing the disposable nappy around me, I fastened it securely in position with
the self adhesive tapes. Then I drew the bulky terry nappy between my legs and
around my sides to the front, and pinned them tightly in place. I got up off the
cot, and picking up a large pair of translucent plastic baby pants, I pulled
them on over my feet and drew them up my legs. I pulled them on over my nappy,
and tucked them in around the leg and waist openings. I was now definitely
watertight.

           
Now for my dress. I opened the wardrobe door and took out a large sized
baby frock which Sally had made for me. I took the dress off its hanger and held
it up in anticipation. *How about this*? I thought, *isn’t it sweet*?
Sweet wasn’t the word. It would have been positively adorable if I *had*
been a little girl, and was exactly what baby girls are expected to wear. The
frock was made of white satin, and styled with a peter pan collar, short puffed
sleeves, a row of small pearl buttons down the back, and a broad sash which
fastened in a large bow at the back. There was a smocking pattern across the
front, and the dress was quite short, which meant that the wearer’s baby pants
would be frequently visible. All in all it was the perfect dress for a baby
girl.

*Right* I thought, *that’s enough
looking, time to put it on*. I placed the dress over my head, put my arms
through the sleeves, and pulled it down around me. Then I fastened the buttons
up my back one by one, terminating with a hook-and-eye fastening behind my neck.
Finally I tied the sash belt in a large non-slip bow behind my waist and
smoothed the dress down around me.

           
Next came my feet. I picked up a pair of white cotton ankle socks, sat
down on a chair, and pulled them onto my feet, turning them down neatly. They
were typical little girl socks, with a lacy frill around the ankle. Now for my
shoes. I picked up one of the shoes I was to wear and looked at it. It was a
typical little girl style, a black patent T-bar strap shoe with a buckle at the
side of the foot. I took the first one, and with the aid of a shoe horn,
squeezed it onto my foot. Then I buckled up the strap tightly. Repeating the
exercise with my other foot, I soon had it prettily imprisoned as well. The
shoes felt tight, but didn’t seem to feel too bad.

           
Now for my cot restraints. I went to the cupboard where we stored our
ropes and straps, and took out a pair of white leather baby reins that Sally had
made to fit me exactly. They had babyish transfers on the front, and were fitted
with three small bells that jingled every time I shook them. With a grin of
anticipation I put my arms in through the straps, and buckled them up tightly
behind me. The reins had been made with restraint in mind, because they were
fitted with several D rings which could be used to anchor the wearer onto almost
anything.

           
It was time for baby to be secured in her cot. I checked that all the cot
restraints were in position, and then clambering onto it, I raised the barred
side, locked it in position, and sat down.

           
First came my feet. I buckled two straps each fitted with a D ring around
my ankles, and clipped each one to a strap attached to one of the bottom corners
of the cot. I shortened the straps and secured them so that my legs were
stretched well apart, and then laid down on my back, and pulled myself up the
cot so that the straps stretched my legs wide apart.

Now for the top end. There were
four more straps attached to the edges of the cot. One running from each of the
two corners at the top end, and one running from each side, level with my chest.
Each strap was fitted with a strong clip at the end, and I carefully clipped
them onto the D rings attached to my baby reins. Two at the front, just below my
shoulders, and the other two were on the left and right ends of the decorated
chest piece. Once the straps were clipped onto my reins, I pulled them tight and
buckled them up so that I was now securely held down by both my ankles and my
chest.

It was time to complete my
babyish appearance, and that meant that baby had to have a dummy in her mouth of
course, which I’d put on the cot mattress ready for use. I picked it up and
looked at it. This was no ordinary baby’s dummy. To begin with, it was
enormous. Secondly, an arrangement of long pink ribbons attached to the oval
mouth cover was designed to keep it securely in place once it was in the mouth.
I carefully arranged the securing ribbons, and pausing for a moment, I opened my
mouth wide and pushed the large silicon rubber bulb of the dummy deep into my
mouth, pressing my tongue down. Pulling the ribbons tight, I wound them several
times around my head before tying them in a non-slip bow behind my head. With
the huge rubber bulb filling my mouth, I was now completely silenced in the most
humiliating way imaginable.

That just left my bonnet. I took
a comb and parted my hair in a centre parting and combed the front forward in a
neat fringe. Then I picked up a large white satin baby’s bonnet with a wide
brim to frame the face, and pulling it down securely on my head, I brought the
two broad securing ribbons tightly together under my chin and tied them in a
neat non-slip bow. I lay there for a moment, and grinned as I knew how
humiliatingly babyish I looked. Then it was time to make myself completely
helpless.

In the cot with me I had the two
cuffs of what had once been a pair of old fashioned Hiatt handcuffs, the type
that used to be used by
London
 bobbies. I’d sawn off the
links joining them so that they could be used separately, so picking each one
up, I closed them around my wrists, and locked them shut with a satisfying
click. I’d fitted each cuff with a short chain of just a few links, and in the
end link of each was an open padlock, ready to be clicked shut.

I stretched out my arms wide on
either side of me, well away from my body, to where two strong steel rings had
been screwed deep into the frame of the cot, just within reach. With my heart
thumping, I inserted the loop of the left hand padlock through the steel ring on
my left, and clicked it shut. Then I stretched my right hand out, and just
managed to slip the right hand padlock through the other steel ring. After a
moment’s hesitation, I clicked it shut. I was trapped.

But not really of course. As on
every other self-bondage session I’d enjoyed, it was slightly marred by the
fact that I was not totally helpless. Naturally I would have to be able to free
myself when I’d had enough, and this was no exception, so just within reach of
my right hand, the keys to the padlocks and handcuffs hung on a piece of string
so that I could unlock myself.

Nevertheless, I began to squirm
and struggle against my restraints, imagining that a group of girls had dressed
me up and restrained me in the cot, to be mercilessly teased and taunted. I
heaved and strained against the strong straps, but I couldn’t move. I yelled
at the top of my voice into the dummy gag, but only a muffled ‘*Mmmmmph*!’
could be heard. I really was as helpless as a baby. until I chose to release
myself.

But as I said, you can tempt fate
once too often. Happy in my fantasy world, I squirmed and pulled at the straps
and chains, knowing full well that I couldn’t possible break free. The only
way to release myself was with the keys, and I gave a muffled gurgle into my
dummy as I revelled in the fact.

Then the thunderbolt fell. I
suddenly heard the sound of the front door being opened and closed, and a voice
calling out ‘Hi Tommy, I’m home.’ It was Sally, and I went cold with
panic. Desperately, I began to fumble for the keys that would release me, but
I’d deliberately made them difficult to reach, and I heaved and strained as my
outstretched fingers tried to grasp them.

A few seconds later, Sally came
into the room, glanced at me for an instant, and then strode over to the cot.
She folded her arms, leaned on the side of the cot, and looking down at me with
a malevolent smile on her face said ‘Well well well, what have we here? A
little baby in her cot. How sweet.’ I frantically reached for the keys, but
she was there first. ‘Oh no you *don’t*’ she said, and quickly
grabbed them. She untied the two keys from the piece of string, and put them in
her pocket. I groaned inwardly as I realised just how precarious my situation
now was.

Suddenly her grim smile turned to
anger. She was clearly furious, and looking down at me she said ‘How *could*
you? I trusted you, and you let me down like this when you thought my back was
turned. You idiot, didn’t it occur to you that I might be back early? You’re
as stupid as you are treacherous.’

She said nothing else for a
couple of minutes, frowning while she pondered her next move. Then she said
‘Well I did warn you that if you ever tried anything like this again I’d
make you regret it. Remember?’ I nodded. ‘Very well’ she continued, ‘In
that case you’ve only got yourself to blame for what happens now. Now let me
see, what can I do to make you uncomfortably humiliated without actually hurting
you?’ She stared down at me deep in thought, until she broke into a wicked
grin. ‘Ah *yes*’ she chuckled, ‘The perfect punishment to fit the
crime. All right then, I’m going to indulge your fantasy, but by the time
I’ve finished, you’ll wish I’d never started. First of all, let’s make
sure you’re properly restrained shall we?’

She lowered the sides of the cot,
and checking the straps one by one, shortened them so that I was more tightly
stretched out on the cot. I couldn’t move. ‘That’s better’ she said with
a smile, ‘We don’t want baby getting out of her cot, do we?’ She raised
the sides of the cot again, and clicked the latches into place.

‘Now then’ she said, ‘With
what I have in mind, I’ll need to go and get a few things from the shops. So
you just lie there like a good little baby and I’ll be back in an hour or so.
Enjoy yourself!’ With a grin and a little wave of her fingers, she went out of
the room.

I heard the sound of the front
door being opened and closed, and then lay there, stunned by this turn of
events. Suddenly it began to sink in. With Sally’s imaginative talent for
satisfying my fantasy in the past, I wasn’t looking forward to what she might
do if she actually wanted to punish me while I was helplessly trussed up like
this. I was completely at her mercy, and whatever she had in mind, It was bound
to be unpleasant.

Suddenly I panicked, and began to
heave and strain against my cot restraints as if by some miracle I could break
free. I threw myself into the effort, and gurgled with impotence into my dummy
as I pulled with all my strength at the straps. It was hopeless of course, and
after a couple of minutes I realised it was futile. The only way I was going to
get out of that cot was when Sally chose to release me, and I had a nasty
suspicion that it was going to be quite some time before she’d do that.

I lay there quietly, and after
about an hour I heard the front door open and close, and Sally reappeared
carrying several bags of shopping. It seemed she’d been busy. She came over
and looked down at me with a grin on her face. ‘Still there?’ she smiled,
‘Good. Now I’m just going to take this stuff into the kitchen, and then
we’ll get started.’ I didn’t like the sound of that, but there was
absolutely nothing I could do about it, and I lay there nervously as I heard her
busying herself in the kitchen.

Eventually she came back into the
room carrying a tray and put it down on the small table. I didn’t like what I
saw, and realised why she had been shopping. On the tray were two bowls, a small
jar of baby food, a baby bottle of milk with a teat, and a bib. ‘Din dins
time’ she smiled, and lowered one side of the cot. She picked up the bib, and
leaning over me, put it under my chin and tied the tie tapes at the back of the
neck. She spread the bib out across my chest and then said ‘Now then, I’m
going to feed you, so I’ll have to remove your dummy for a while. But one word
of warning. A single word from you or any attempt not to eat your baby food, and
I’ll put the dummy back in your mouth along with some nice yummy slugs and
insects from the garden. So you’ve been warned.’ With the mood she was in I
had no doubt that she would actually do it, so I certainly wasn’t going to
risk anything. The threat guaranteed my silence.

Sally removed my baby bonnet, and
untying the securing ribbons, eased the dummy out of my mouth and put it to one
side. Then she sat down next to me, picked up the bowl of mushy baby food and
started to spoon it into my mouth. The bland tasteless cereal was followed by
the jar of vegetable puree, and for dessert came a bowl of chocolate mousse.
That done, she placed the teat of the baby bottle into my mouth, and I had to
suck the bottle dry in true baby fashion. I assumed that was the end of the
meal, but Sally had a surprise in store. She went out to the kitchen for a
moment, and came back carrying a large two litre bottle of water fitted with a
baby bottle teat. She sat down again, and said ‘Here we are, we don’t want
baby getting thirsty do we? I thought this amount of water to you would be the
equivalent of a baby bottle to a real baby. So start sucking, sucker!’ I was
in no position to refuse, and opened my mouth to receive the teat.

By the time the bottle was empty,
my cheeks ached from the sucking, and my stomach felt bloated. I was absolutely
full. ‘There’s a good little baby’ grinned Sally as she put down the empty
bottle, and standing up again, she picked up my dummy and pushed it back into my
mouth before tying it in even more tightly than before. Then she combed my hair
down the centre, arranged it in a fringe at the front, and pulling the baby’s
bonnet on my head again, tied the two securing ribbons tightly under my chin in
a non-slip bow. Finally she arranged the rim of the bonnet so that it framed my
face neatly.

She stood up, looked down at me,
and smiled. ‘Don’t you look sweet?’ she grinned, ‘Very nice. A sweet
little baby in her cot. Delightful. But it’s not going to be very delightful
for you I can assure you.’ Smiling broadly she said ‘Now your problems are
about to *really* start. Let me tell you something. You no doubt noticed
that I fed you with a generous bowl of chocolate mousse. Well, that was no
ordinary chocolate mousse. Oh no. It was laced with a whole packet of dissolved
laxative chocolate, plus a huge overdose of ground up essence of senna tablets.
I guarantee that within twelve hours you are going to have a nice full nappy,
and there’s absolutely nothing you can do about it. And I’d say that with
all that water inside you it’s going to be soaking wet as well. You want to be
a baby, do you? Well you are going to find that one of the nasty things about
being a baby is helplessly lying in a full nappy for hours on end, and the
painfully sore nappy rash that follows it. I think that several days like that
will be enough to teach you a lesson, so I’m going to leave you like this
until I feel you are contrite enough.’

At this I gave a muffled wail of
despair into the dummy filling my mouth, and heaved and strained helplessly in
the cot restraints.

Laughing, Sally picked up the
dirty plates and bottles, and took them out into the kitchen. I couldn’t
believe that I’d walked into this nightmare of my own volition, and gurgled
into my dummy with humiliation and frustration.

A short while later, Sally
returned with some blankets to cover me up, so I was obviously being bedded down
for the night. She was kind enough to remove my dummy, which would have made
sleep impossible, but she removed it with a warning that if she heard one peep
out of me, the dummy would go back in, along with some unsavoury garden snails
and slugs. That was enough to ensure my complete silence.

Sally raised the side of the cot
and clicked it into place. Then with her arms resting on the side of the cot,
she looked down at me, smiled, and said ‘Well there we are, one little baby
all tucked up in her cot. How sweet. My word Tommy, you really are going to
regret ever having crossed me like this. You can think about that as you start
to fill your nappy. Sleep tight!’ With that, she went out of the room, leaving
the door ajar, and I heard her go into the lounge and switch on the TV.

Gradually it got dark, and under
the warm blankets I found it possible to doze off from time to time during the
night. At first, it was easy to sleep as I felt so exhausted, but as the night
wore on, I began to feel an irresistible urge to relieve myself. Somehow it
became almost a point of honour not to wet my nappy, but I was fighting a losing
battle. The pressure in my bladder steadily increased as time passed, and
eventually I just had to let go. A warm flood poured out into my nappy and ran
around my crutch, turning the nappy into a wet, soggy lump around me, trapped
within my plastic baby pants. Unable to do anything about it, I soon relaxed and
drifted off to sleep again.

 

CHAPTER 2

            Just as it
was getting light, I woke up with a gurgling sound coming from my bowels, and
felt a movement within. Something was happening. As full daylight began to
stream through the window, I began to moan and writhe against my restraints as
the huge laxative overdose began to take its effect on me. Slowly but surely my
bowel movements increased in frequency and intensity, and a grim determination
not to let go overcame me. As the laxative worked towards its inevitable result,
I tried to squeeze my buttocks tightly together, but because my legs were
strapped wide apart, it was impossible.

After a little while, I heard the
sound of Sue getting up, and a little while later she came into the room fully
dressed with a battery powered electric razor in her hand. She put it down,
lowered the side of the cot, and removing my blankets, inspected my restraints.
They had done their work well, for she didn’t have to tighten them.

‘Right’ she said, picking up
the electric razor, ‘We can’t have our little baby girl with a six o’clock
shadow can we? So each morning I’ll give you a trim just to keep baby’s skin
nice and smooth.’ She removed my baby bonnet and quickly shaved me before
wiping down my face with a damp flannel, and I gave a small moan of pleasure
which she deliberately interpreted as a baby noise.

‘Did I hear baby moaning?’
she said, smiling, ‘Dear dear, that won’t do. Obviously you want your
dummy.’ I watched in despair as she picked the dummy up, pushed it deep into
my mouth, and tied it tightly in place with the securing ribbons. Then she
replaced my bonnet, and I was once more humiliatingly silenced.

Another gurgle and movement in my
bowels made me renew my struggles against my cot restraints, and Sue grinned
with delight. She knew exactly what was happening, and began to giggle. ‘Oh
boy’ she said, ‘I knew this would be an effective punishment, but I didn’t
realise just how much fun it was going to be. Come on baby, let me see you fill
your nappy like a good little girl.’

By now I was getting desperate as
I felt the contents of my bowels creeping inexorably down towards my bottom. I
heaved and groaned, but knew that I just couldn’t hold on any more. With a sob
of humiliation I finally let go, and a warm sticky flood gushed out and filled
my nappy. It oozed into the wet terry towelling cloth, and I could hear it
squelching around my bottom every time I moved. I was devastated with
humiliation as Sally burst out laughing. ‘Well well’ she grinned, ‘At
last. How does *that* feel? Nice?’ She clapped her hands with glee, and
tears of mirth ran down her cheeks. ‘Lovely’ she laughed, ‘Absolutely
perfect. A completely helpless little baby girl waiting to have her nappy
changed. Well I’m afraid baby’s going to have to wait for several days
before we’re going to take off that nasty smelly nappy. And by then I’d say
she’ll have a monumental nappy rash she’ll never forget. I reckon baby’s
botty will be sore for at least a week, and there’s nothing like a sore botty
to make you remember, is there? Now I’ll go and get you your breakfast.’ She
gave a last little giggle, and went out of the room leaving me overwhelmed with
humiliation as I felt the horrible mess oozing around my bottom inside my nappy
and plastic baby pants. I was utterly mortified.

I lay there in the cot as
helpless as an infant, and every time I tried to move I heard the rustle of my
plastic baby pants, and the sticky muck squelching around my bottom reminded me
of my stupidity in getting myself into this horrendous situation. I could hear
Sally preparing my breakfast in the kitchen, and guessed it would be more of the
same. I was right. After a little while she came into the room with a tray and
set it down on the table next to me, just as she’d done the day before. She
lowered the side of the cot, removed my bonnet and dummy, and proceeded to feed
me again with exactly the same baby food as before,

‘You’d better get used to
this’ she grinned, as she spooned the baby cereal into my mouth, ‘Because
it’s the only food you’re going to get until I release you. And that won’t
be for quite some time.’ I groaned with despair, and she gave a chuckle. She
was enjoying every minute of it, and with her sadistic inventiveness, I didn’t
want to think what else she had in store for me.

When my feed was over and I was
once again dummied and bonneted, Sally bent over me and said ‘Well I expect
you’ve been wondering what other little treats I’ve got in store for you.
I’ve had all night to think of a few, and believe me, I intend to enjoy myself
at your expense. I’ll teach you to cheat on me. So just to give you something
to think about, I’m going to invite Julie and Sarah over this afternoon and
show them my lovely little baby. Won’t *that* be fun!’

I was horrified. Sally had never
divulged my secret to anyone before, but now she was about to show me to her two
closest friends. I was devastated, and gave a loud muffled ‘*Mmmmmph*! *Mmmmmmm*!
*Nmmmmmmm*!’ as I squirmed and struggled against the cot restraints. I
heaved myself from side to side, and strained with all my might against the
straps, but it was hopeless, I couldn’t move an inch.

Sally stood and watched this
display of helpless frustration with a broad grin on her face and said ‘Oh
dear, doesn’t ickle baby want to be admired by my friends? Well she’s going
to be. This afternoon. And she’ll just have to hope that they won’t tell
anyone else, won’t she?’ She chuckled with undisguised amusement before
picking up my breakfast tray and taking it out into the kitchen. I lay there
with my heart pounding from both my exertions, and the dreadful prospect of
being seen by Julie and Sarah. She couldn’t. She *wouldn’t*! But I knew
she would, and I almost cried with the anticipated humiliation of it.

After a few minutes she came into
the room, sat down next to me, and said ‘Now then little girl, let’s get
this afternoon’s entertainment underway shall we? Watch this.’ She took out
her mobile phone, and after punching in a number, she put it to her ear. After a
brief pause she said ‘Oh hi Julie, how’s things? Are you free today? You
are? Good, because I’ve got a lovely little treat in store for you. Can you
come over this afternoon? Fine. Well in that case, can you give Sarah a call and
we can all meet at Mario’s for lunch first, and then you can both come back to
my place and I’ll show you what I’ve got. What is it? Never you mind, it’s
a surprise, and I guarantee you the laugh of a lifetime. OK, I’ll see you at
one o’clock. Great. Bye.’

She put her phone back in her
pocket and grinned down at me. ‘There we are’ she said, ‘All done. Now you
can just lie there and look forward to being laughed at by the girls. That was
part of your fantasy wasn’t it? I think you’ll find the real thing somewhat
less enjoyable than the fantasy, and I can’t wait to see you lying there in
your nappy and baby frock with a dummy in your mouth, squirming with
humiliation. Now I’ve got a few things to do, so I’ll leave you to look
forward to your next little torment. This is *fun*!’ She gave a final
chuckle and went out of the room.

Sally left me alone with my
thoughts for a few hours, and all I could do was lay there helplessly, waiting
for her afternoon’s amusement at my expense. After a while she came into the
room with her coat on and said ‘Right, I’m off to meet the girls for lunch.
A nice bit of wine and pasta, while all you’ll be eating will be baby food.
How delightful. Now you just lie there quietly and suck on your dummy, and
I’ll be back with the girls later. Byeee!’ With a parting giggle she went
out of the room, and a moment later I heard the front door slam shut. I was
alone, waiting for the coming ordeal.

It seemed like an age that I lay
there, occasionally straining fruitlessly against the cot restraints and
gurgling into my dummy. My jaw was beginning to ache as the large rubber bulb
filled my mouth and pressed down my tongue, but after a few attempts to push it
out of my mouth, I soon realised that Sally had done an expert job of tying the
securing ribbons, and the dummy remained firmly in place. I almost began to doze
off, and then I suddenly heard the sound of girl’s voices outside, and the
front door being opened. ‘Here we are’ I heard Sally say, ‘Hang your coats
up and then come straight into the nursery.’

I turned my face towards the
door, and a moment later Sally came in, followed by Julie and Sarah. They came
over to the cot, and leaning on the side, looked down at me. I could tell
they’d had a couple of glasses of wine, and had a feeling that they were game
for anything at that moment. I looked up at them, half hoping that the girls
wouldn’t find it funny and demand that Sally release me, so I strained at my
cot restraints and yelled a muffled ‘*Mmmmmph*! *Nmmmmg*! *Mmmmmm*!’
But with the mood they were in there was little hope of that. As I wriggled and
squirmed and gurgled into my dummy, they simply burst out laughing, and giggled
until the tears ran down their cheeks.

After a few minutes they wiped
their eyes and Julie said ‘Oh isn’t she *delightful*! And I love the
bonnet. What a cute little baby girl! A bit big perhaps, but *very*
cute.’ She burst out laughing again and Sarah added ‘Isn’t she gorgeous?
She’s got an amazing resemblance to Tommy, hasn’t she?’ Another round of
laughter followed, and Sally said ‘I thought you’d find it amusing. But
somehow I don’t think *he* does.’

‘I’ll bet he doesn’t’
said Julie, ‘So what’s it all about Sal? I mean he looks hilarious, but
what’s it all in aid of? Some kind of forfeit?’

‘No it isn’t’ said Sally
with a grin, ‘It’s actually a punishment.’

‘Punishment? Well it sure is
some kind of punishment. But why? What’s he done?’

I lay there and blushed crimson
as Sally told them everything about my liking for such things when it was all in
fun, and how I’d betrayed her trust. When she’d told them just about
everything, Julie looked down at me, smiled, and said ‘My goodness, you *have*
been a naughty little baby haven’t you? Letting Sally down like that. Well in
that case you deserve everything you get.’ She grinned and said ‘I must say
it’s an exquisite way of punishing him. Making him live through his fantasy,
but in a way that will give him anything *but* pleasure. Yes I like that.
Very appropriate. Well, knowing you Sally, I don’t envy him the next few
days.’

Turning to her she said ‘How
long are you going to keep him like this?’

‘I haven’t really decided
yet. In the morning I’m going to ring his office and say he’s got the flu
and won’t be in this week. I reckon something like a week in the cot should
teach him a lesson he’ll never forget.’

‘A *week*!’ said Sarah,
‘A whole week as a baby in a cot? My word, you don’t do things by halves do
you Sal? I mean, what about him going to the toilet?’

Sally gave a wicked smile.
‘What about it?’

‘Well won’t you have to untie
him when he has to go to the toilet?’

‘Silly girl. What do babies do
when they want to go wee wees and poo poos?’

Sarah grinned as she realised
what the answer was going to be. ‘They do it in their nappies’ she chuckled.

‘Exactly. And this baby is no
exception.’ She lowered the side of the cot, and leaning over me she pulled up
the hem of my baby frock. The girls looked at my nappy and plastic baby pants,
and burst out giggling. ‘So as you can see’ added Sally, ‘I don’t have
to release him to go to the toilet, do I?’

‘But what about changing the
nappy?’ said Julia, ‘That’s not a job I’d fancy.’

‘Who said anything about
changing it?’

‘But you can’t leave him in a
dirty nappy for a *week*! Can you?’

‘Why not? It won’t kill
him.’

‘No, but just think of the
nappy rash he’ll get with a full nappy next to his skin. It’ll get horribly
sore.’

‘Exactly, that’s all part of
the punishment. Not only is it going to be horrendously humiliating for him to
fill his nappy like a baby, but in a day or so he’ll start to get a very
painful botty!’ She pulled down the hem of my baby frock again and arranged it
neatly. ‘And I’ve devised a lovely way of guaranteeing that baby fills her
nappy regularly’ she added with a grin. ‘I feed her three times a day with
exactly the same baby food every time, well laced with laxatives. I give her a
baby’s bottle of formula regularly, and make sure she drinks enough water to
guarantee a permanently wet nappy. Ingenious isn’t it?’

‘Well it’s certainly that’
grinned Julie, ‘You *are* going to enjoy yourself, aren’t you?’

‘I sure am’ chuckled Sally,
‘And the lovely thing is that since I work from home nowadays I can baby sit
him all day with no trouble at all.’ Raising the side of the cot again she
said ‘Well we may as well go into the lounge and have coffee and a glass of
port. Baby will be safe here until tea time. Would you like to feed her
later?’

‘Love to’ laughed Julia.
‘By the way, you can’t really go on just calling her *baby* can you?
How about giving her a name? A sweet little girl’s name.’

‘Now that’s a good idea’
said Sally, ‘Any ideas?’ There was a moment’s silence and then Sarah said
‘How about Emily? That has a nice ring to it.’

‘Emily’ said Sally. ‘Oh yes
I like that. OK then, for the next week she’s Emily. Good choice.’ She
looked down at me and said ‘There you are *Emily*, you’ve got a proper
baby girl name. Now you just lie there and have your afternoon nap like a good
little girl and we’ll bring you your tea later. I’m sure you can guess what
it will be, can’t you?’ I gave a muffled little whimper into my dummy, and
she laughed.

The girls went out of the room,
and I lay there helplessly while they relaxed in the lounge over a cup of coffee
and a port. How I wished I could have been sitting there with them instead of
being securely strapped into my cot dressed as a baby, feeling my full nappy
squelching around my bottom. It was horrible. Oh well, I’d asked for it, and
now I’d certainly got my comeuppance with a vengeance. I had to hand it to
Sally, she certainly knew how to get her revenge.

After a couple of hours or so I
heard the girls go into the kitchen, and judging by their laughter I assumed the
subject of their amusement was me. After a short while they came into the
nursery led by Sally carrying a tray. It was baby’s tea time. She put the tray
down, and lowering the side of the cot, unfastened my bonnet and removed my
dummy. ‘I have to take his dummy out to feed him of course’ she explained,
‘But don’t worry, he won’t say anything. I told him that if he so much as
utters one word, I’ll tie the dummy back in his mouth along with some nice
yummy snails and bugs from the garden.’

‘Oh *yuck*!’ laughed
Julie, ‘Yes, well I can imagine that would guarantee his silence. My goodness
Sally, you certainly have got him under your control, haven’t you?’

‘Sure have’ said Sally, as
she tied my baby’s bib in place. ‘OK Julie, off you go, you can feed baby
Emily, and Sarah, you can give her the bottle.’

‘Right’ said Sarah with a
grin.

Barely able to contain her mirth,
Julie spooned the baby food into my mouth as she made cooing baby noises to me
as one does when feeding an infant. The others giggled as she deliberately
smeared a generous amount of the food around my mouth, which they found
particularly amusing when it came to the chocolate mousse.

Suddenly Sally said ‘Just a
minute, I *must* get some photos of this.’ My heart sank as she went to
get her digital camera, and a few moments later my humiliation was being well
recorded for posterity. ‘This is great’ she said as she zoomed in and out so
as to show my face clearly, ‘And I just realised that with these photos up my
sleeve I can make him do just about anything. That is if he doesn’t want me to
email them to all sorts of people who I’m sure would find them amusing. His
work mates for a start.’ The girls grinned at the idea, and Sarah said ‘What
do you mean by making him do just about anything?’

‘Well’ grinned Sally, looking
at the pictures she’d just taken, ‘I can think of some wonderfully
humiliating ways of punishing him if he doesn’t behave himself from now on.
For instance, I wouldn’t mind dressing him up like this, strapping him into a
pushchair, and then taking him out for a walk. That might be rather amusing.’

‘Oh you *wouldn’t*!’
laughed Sarah.

‘You want to bet?’ chuckled
Julie, ‘I reckon she would. Well if you ever do it Sally, let me know and
I’ll be glad to help. I can just see us taking him shopping like that. It
would be a scream.’

‘Yes, well I’ll only do it if
he needs punishing again’ said Sally, ‘But I imagine it’s within the
bounds of possibility. Come to think of it, I might just do it for fun sometime
anyway. Let’s face it, by the time I’ve taken lots more photos of him during
this week I’ll have more than enough ammunition to ensure his co-operation.’

I’d been listening to this
conversation with increasing horror. This was turning into a nightmare, except
this was no dream. I shuddered to think what the future might hold.

Julie finished feeding me, and
Sarah took over. She sat next to me, and pushing the teat of the baby bottle
past my unresisting lips, she said ‘Now come on Emily, drink your milk like a
good little girl.’ I had no choice but to suck at the baby bottle, much to the
amusement of the girls, and I groaned when Sally fetched the large water bottle
and made me empty that as well.

My feed over, Sally replaced my
dummy and bonnet and pulled up the side of the cot. ‘Well there we are’ she
said, ‘That’s baby’s last feed for the day. Now let’s go in the kitchen
and I’ll make us something for tea.’ The girls looked down at me and giggled
once more before they went out of the room and I was alone once more.

I lay there quietly, trying to
make myself as comfortable as I could, and after a little while they returned
with broad smiles on their faces. They came over to the cot and Sally said ‘I
think it’s Emily’s bed time, so let’s tuck her in shall we?’ She lowered
the side of the cot and removed my bonnet and dummy. ‘She won’t make any
noise’ she said, ‘Because she knows that it’s the snails and dummy in the
mouth treatment if she does.’ She replaced my bonnet, laid the blankets over
me, and tucked them in. Then she raised the side of the cot again, and the girls
giggled as she said ‘Nighty night baby Emily, sleep tight. Oh by the way,
we’re just going to go upstairs and have a look at some adult baby bondage
websites and get a few ideas as to how to make this week as unforgettable as
possible for you. I imagine there are some lovely ideas out there, so we’ll
see what they come up with. That should give you something to dream about.’
And with a final giggle, the girls went out of the room.

I lay there in the darkness
trying to drift off to sleep, and soon heard intermittent bouts of laughing and
giggling coming from upstairs as the girls acquired some no doubt imaginative
ideas for tormenting me. It was going to be quite a week.

 

CHAPTER 3

  

           
I was woken by the sound of Sally getting up and having her breakfast,
and after a while she came into the room carrying my breakfast (if you can call
it that) on a tray. While she fed me in what was to become the usual manner, she
smiled and said ‘Well my goodness me, we *did* have an interesting time
on the internet last night. Some of those baby bondage websites, well I thought
I was imaginative, but some of the things we found were really ingenious. We
ordered a few items, and you’re going to be the one I’m going to try them
out on.’ I gulped in nervous anticipation. ‘Now one of the things I have to
do today’ she continued, ‘Is go to a shop in the city that deals in this
kind of stuff, and get a couple of shall we say, *unusual* items that I
can’t wait to inflict on you. I *am* going to have fun!’ With a wicked
chuckle, she cleared up my breakfast tray, and making sure that my dummy and
bonnet were replaced and my cot side raised, she went out to the kitchen.

           
I lay there, pondering my fate and full of self-pity, until a little
later she came back with her coat on. She checked my restraints, and said
‘Right. I’m off to the city. Don’t get into any mischief while I’m gone
will you Emily? See you later.’ With that, she gave me a wave and a smile, and
went out to the hallway. I heard the front door open and close and then she was
gone, leaving me in helpless silence.

           
The hours dragged by, and for a while I seriously tried to work out a way
of freeing myself. If only I could have slipped one of my wrists out of its
handcuff I would have been out of that cot in no time. But the cuffs were
designed to prevent just that, and after some tentative pulling and tugging, I
gave up.

           
I lay there, miserably contemplating my fate, and at long last I heard
the sound of a key in the lock and the front door being opened and closed. A
moment later Sally came into the room and came over to me carrying some bags of
shopping. ‘Wait until you see what I’ve got in *here*’ she grinned,
holding up one of the bags. ‘That shop was fascinating, and the guy there gave
me some wonderful ideas for teasing and tormenting you. You want to be glad *he’s*
not looking after you, believe me! I’ve given Julie a call and she’s coming
over after work to help give you your tea. Boy, are *you* in for an
unpleasant surprise! Now you just lie there until she comes, and in the meantime
I’m going upstairs to do some work.’ She went out and I heard her in the
kitchen preparing something for a while before she went upstairs.

           
The room was warm, and despite the ever increasing discomfort of my
position, I began to doze off. I was beginning to find it easier to relax.

           
I was woken up by the sound of the front door bell ringing, and Sally ran
down the stairs to answer it. She opened the door and I could hear the sound of
Julie’s voice. She was back, no doubt to indulge in some fun at my expense.
The two of them went into the kitchen, and I heard the sound of food preparation
interspersed with frequent giggles and shrieks of laughter. I didn’t like the
sound of it one bit.

           
A little later, the girls came into the room, and looking down at me,
Julie smiled and said ‘And has Emily been a good little girl today?’ I
glared back at her in silence over my dummy, and she laughed. ‘Well’ she
continued, ‘It seems that Mummy’s been shopping, and she’s bought some
lovely little toys for you.’ Sally burst out laughing and added ‘And soon
you’re going to find out what one of them is. Now let’s give you your tea
shall we?’

           
She readied me for my meal, and then came the first shock. Once my bib
was in place she sat next to me, picked up a food bowl and said ‘I’ve
decided to give you something really yummy for your tea. Would you like to see
what it is?’ Curious, I raised my head to see what was in the bowl, but she
held it up for a moment so that I couldn’t see what was in it, and said ‘No,
first of all let me tell you what it is.’

           
With a huge smile on her face she said ‘Now I know that three
vegetables you absolutely detest are brussel sprouts, broccoli, and squash. I
know you can’t stand them and that you never eat them. So you can guess
what’s in this bowl, can’t you?’ *Oh no* I thought, *she couldn’t*.
*She* *wouldn’t*. Unfortunately, she could and she would. The
expression of utter distaste on my face told her everything she wanted to know,
and she grinned as she said ‘Yes, that’s right, it’s a bowl of overcooked
sprouts, broccoli and squash that I’ve pureed and allowed to go cold. That
will be yummy, won’t it? And remember, if you don’t eat every bit of it, I
just might have to consider something nasty by way of punishment. I do have
something in mind, and eating these greens is a much better alternative, believe
you me.’ I *did* believe her, and resigned myself to eating the horrid
tasting concoction she’d made for me.

           
‘Right’ said Sally, giving Julie a grin, ‘Let’s start shall we?
Open wide Emily.’ With a sigh of resignation I opened my mouth, and she
shovelled in the first spoonful. Nothing could have tasted worse, and I screwed
up my face as the foul tasting cold vegetables slid down my throat. I gave a
groan of despair, and the girls laughed. ‘Now now’ teased Sally, ‘You’ve
got to eat all your greens if you want to grow up into a big strong girl.’ I
couldn’t believe this nightmare, but was soon reminded it was real as Sally
pushed another spoonful against my closed lips, and with a giggle smeared some
of it around my face. With a gulp I opened my mouth, and once again found
another foul tasting load going down my throat. I couldn’t even hold my nose,
so I was fully aware of just how awful it tasted.

           
With refined judgement, Sally spun it out to make this torment last as
long as possible, and I squirmed and writhed in my restraints as the worst
tasting meal of my life went down my throat. But mercifully it came to an end,
and as Sally scraped the very last drop from the bowl and spooned 
it into my mouth, she said ‘There’s a good little girl. I can see how
much you enjoyed that, so from now on I’ll make sure you eat a nice big bowl
of it every day. Aren’t I kind?’ I looked at her in despair, which was
exactly the reaction she anticipated.

           
At least the vegetables were followed by a jar of apricot puree, and I
was relieved when Sally said ‘Oh by the way, there are no laxatives in your
chocolate mousse tonight. Thought I’d let you know.’ I could hardly believe
my luck, and actually enjoyed it as she spooned it into my mouth. At least the
taste of the vegetables was gone.

           
But I should have guessed that Sally had something else up her sleeve.
She wiped my mouth, removed my bib, and took the dirty bowls out to the kitchen.
Then she came back into the room carrying something in her hands. Julie looked
at me, grinned, and said ‘Now we’re going to play with one of the toys Sally
bought today. This *will* be fun!’ I tensed in my restraints, aware that
something unpleasant was about to happen.

Sally came up to me, and held up
what she’d bought. At first I thought it was simply another oversized dummy
like the one she’d been using on me, with a mouth cover and a cute little ring
on the front. In this case though, it had thin straps to go around and over the
head much like a bridle, to hold it in the mouth even more securely than the
ribbons attached to the other dummy. And there was a much more important
difference. Instead of a rubber bulb to go in the mouth, this one was fitted
with a hollow ball made of hard plastic, full of holes. Unaware of the
significance of the design of the ball, I looked at it curiously.

           
‘Right’ said Sally, ‘Time for your new dummy Emily. Open wide’ I
knew better than to resist by now, and she pushed the dummy into my mouth. I was
surprised to find that the plastic ball was bigger than I thought, and it filled
my mouth, pressing down my tongue so that I couldn’t move it. She quickly
pulled the straps over and around my head before buckling them up tightly at the
back of my neck. The dummy was now very securely fixed in my mouth and I knew
there was no way of pushing it out by even a fraction.

           
‘There’ said Sally, smiling at me, ‘Isn’t that nice? A lovely new
dummy. But this is a special kind of dummy. Oh yes, and you’re about to find
out why. But first we need to keep your head still.’ She went to the box in a
corner of the room where we kept our bondage restraints, and took out a long
strap with a clip at either end. Coming back to the cot, she attached one end of
the strap to one of the corners at the top end. Then she passed the strap under
my chin, and clipped the other end of the strap to the other top corner of the
cot. The strap was adjustable, and she shortened it so that the strap pulled my
head immovably up towards the top end of the cot. I was now completely unable to
move my head, and anxiously waited for what was coming next. I didn’t have
long to wait.

           
Sally went out to the kitchen for a moment, and came back with a small
bottle of clear liquid that she placed on the small table. I could no longer
turn my head, so I didn’t see what it was. ‘Now’ said Sally, ‘Let’s
show you just how different this dummy is from the other one.’ She took hold
of the ring on the front of the dummy’s mouth cover, gave it a twist, and
began to unscrew it. After a few turns she pulled it out, leaving an open tube
leading from the front of the dummy into the plastic ball filling my mouth. I
could now breath through it, and found it a relief from having to breathe only
through my nose with the other dummy.

           
But my relief was to be short lived. Sally picked up a small funnel from
the table, and inserting it into the front end of the tube, she carefully
screwed it into where the ring had been. That done, she checked that my head was
immovably secured and that the funnel was correctly positioned. Then she looked
at me and grinned. ‘There we are’ she said, ‘I can now pour anything I
like down that funnel, and if I hold your nose, there’ll be nothing you can do
but swallow it. Clever, isn’t it?’ I now realised what a diabolical toy
she’d bought, and whimpered as I realised that she could force me to drink
anything she chose at whim, and there was nothing I could do to stop her.

           
‘So this is where the fun starts’ she said. She picked up the bottle
from the table, and held it in front of my face so that I could read the label.
I couldn’t believe what it said, and jerked in my restraints as I now realised
just how unpleasant the next few minutes were going to be. The bottle was
labelled *Castor Oil*. The dreadful taste of castor oil is legendary, and
naughty children used to be punished by being given a spoonful of the foul
tasting liquid. And here was Sally holding the equivalent of about half a glass
of the stuff. I couldn’t believe what was about to happen. But it was. With a
wicked grin, she tormented me by slowly unscrewing the cap while staring me
straight in the eye. She was loving every minute of it.

           
She put the cap down on the table, and holding the bottle next to the
funnel she said ‘All right Emily, time for your medicine. Julie, hold his nose
will you?’ Just as one does when making someone take their medicine, Julie
gave a grin and pinched my nose shut. I gave a last wail of despair as Sally
tilted the bottle and a thin stream began to pour into the funnel. As soon as it
ran into the hollow plastic ball filling my mouth, I realised how ingenious this
feeding dummy was. If there had just been a rubber bulb with a single tube down
the centre, I could have blocked the end with my tongue. But with this
arrangement there were so many holes in the ball, that no matter which one I
blocked with my tongue, the foul tasting liquid simply streamed out through the
other holes and down into my throat. With Julie pinching my nose shut, I began
to swallow the vile stuff automatically, and there was nothing I could do to
stop it.

           
As soon as the foul tasting castor oil hit my taste buds I groaned and
gurgled, and jerked in my restraints. I desperately tried to jerk my head from
side to side in an attempt to disrupt the awful taste which had now invaded my
mouth, but it was hopeless. My head was held in a vice like grip and there was
absolutely nothing I could do but swallow. 

           
Sally looked me steadily in the eye with a huge grin on her face, and
Julie giggled as the steady flow of castor oil disappeared into the funnel and
down my throat. As I saw the bottle emptying, I could hardly believe that
she’d do such a thing. She’d given me a gigantic dose of castor oil.

           
Once the bottle was empty, Sally put it down and Julie released my nose.
Suddenly I received the full force of the horrible taste of the castor oil, and
shuddered. Sally looked at me and grinned. ‘That was fun wasn’t it?’ she
said, ‘But not half as much fun as what will happen shortly. We don’t need
the feeding dummy now, so let’s give you your proper one, shall we?’ She
unfastened the strap holding my head in place, and then removed the feeding
dummy. I moved my aching jaw, but barely had time to enjoy the relief before she
took the other dummy and fastened it tightly in my mouth with the securing
ribbons. She tied my baby bonnet on again, and pulled up the side of the cot.
Then she looked down at me and grinned. ‘Well’ she said ‘Now you know why
I didn’t have to put laxatives in your chocolate mousse tonight. I gave you
something *much* more effective. And very quick acting. I’d say you’ll
be filling your nappy within an hour or two, so we’ll come back and see how
you’re getting on in a little while. Enjoy yourself won’t you?’ I groaned
with despair as she and Julie went out of the room to prepare their own tea,
leaving me to go through yet another horrendous and humiliating experience.

           
Just as on the previous occasion, my bowels soon began to gurgle, and
once more I groaned with humiliating discomfort as a warm sticky flood emptied
into my nappy, and I writhed as I felt it squelching around my bottom, seeking
every nook and cranny.

           
A short while later the girls returned, and could immediately tell that
the castor oil had done its fiendish work well. Sally grinned as they leaned on
the cot rail and looked down at me. ‘Well I must say that feeding dummy is a
wonderful idea’ she said, ‘I can think of all sorts of unpleasant things to
give you to drink, such as the water I boiled the sprouts and broccoli in. Or
perhaps some sour milk that’s gone off. That has a really nasty taste,
doesn’t it? Oh yes, I think I can come up with some lovely goodies, as well as
plenty more doses of castor oil of course. That’s much more fun than just
plain old laxative chocolates. They’re *much* too nice!’

           
I groaned at the thought of the foul tasting drinks she had in store for
me. The trouble was that she knew exactly which tastes I liked and which ones I
absolutely detested, and she obviously intended to take full advantage of the
fact.

           
Sally decided to put me to bed for the night, and removing my dummy, she
covered me with my blankets before she and Julie left me to it. For a while I
lay there with the residual taste of the castor oil still in my mouth. It was
hard to get rid of. I tried to ignore the foul mess squelching around in my
nappy, but every time I moved it reminded me of my situation.

           
But eventually I dozed off, wondering what other horrors Sally had in
store for me.

 

 

CHAPTER 4

 

           
Next morning I awoke with a start. A searing pain suffused my bottom, and
I realised that the contents of my nappy had been going to work on my skin. A
steadily increasing soreness became more and more intense, and I realised that
Sally’s prediction of my acquiring nappy rash was coming to fruition. I
shuddered, wondering just how painful it was going to get.

           
A little while later, Sally came in with my breakfast tray, set it down,
and started to feed me. As I sucked at my baby bottle of formula she said
‘Well, Monday morning. I’m going to phone your office in a minute to tell
them you’re down with the flu. I think it’s rather amusing to think that
what you’re suffering is something *much* worse than the flu. And
you’ll be receiving far more attention than if you were merely ill. Oh yes,
Julie and I are going to give you lots of attention, and it certainly won’t be
to your liking.’

           
I drained the bottle, and as she put it down I shifted my position and
moaned as a searing pain once more suffused my bottom. Sally guessed what it
was, and grinned as she said ‘What’s the matter baby? Sore botty?’

           
‘It’s agony’ I whimpered, ‘It’s really sore!’

           
‘Oh good’ she smiled, as she picked up my dummy and pushed it into my
mouth, ‘This is just about the time I expected your nappy rash to start, and
believe me, it’ll be ten times more painful by the time the week’s out. All
that lovely wee wees and poo poos will burn its way into your skin, and even
after I release you, I guarantee you won’t be able to sit down for days. Now
you know why some babies cry so much.’

           
She finished securing my dummy in place, tied my bonnet on my head, and
raised the side of the cot. Looking down at me she smiled and said ‘Don’t
you wish you’d listened to what I said now? Just think, if you hadn’t been
so silly as to tie yourself up after I deliberately warned you not to, you
wouldn’t be lying there now dressed as a baby in her cot, with a full nappy
and a sore botty. Oh well’ she grinned, ‘I must say I’m thoroughly
enjoying myself! Now you can just lie there all day. I’m going to go and call
your office now, and then I’ve got some work to do. I’ll close the door, so
no matter how hard you try yelling into your dummy for attention, I won’t hear
a thing. I’ll be back to give you your midday feed later. Have fun little
girl.’ She picked up my breakfast tray, and going out of the room, closed the
door behind her.

           
So began the painful and uncomfortable boredom I was to suffer for the
entire week. A daily round of just lying there in silence, unable to do or say
anything. The only breaks in the monotony were when Sally decided to have some
fun by teasing and tormenting me, with the eager help of Julie and Sarah. It was
certainly a week I was never to forget.

           
By the end of the week my bottom was a raging sea of soreness, and I
dreaded to think what condition my skin must be in by then. But on the following
Sunday morning my torment finally came to an end. Sally came into the room,
looked down at me and said ‘Well, I suppose it’s time to let you go.
You’ve suffered a week’s punishment, so let’s get you out of this.’

           
She lowered both sides of the cot, and after removing my bonnet and
dummy, unlocked my handcuffs and unfastened all my restraints. ‘You’d better
just lie there for a bit while you regain your mobility’ she advised, ‘I
imagine you’ll be pretty stiff for a bit. So just lie there for about an hour
and then I’ll help you to the bathroom where you can undress and clean
yourself up. *I’m* certainly not going to do it for you!’ It was sound
advice. I lay there on the cot, painfully flexing and bending my stiff arms and
legs, but gradually they began to recover until I felt capable of standing up.

           
After a while Sally returned and said ‘All right, let’s see if we can
get you to the bath room shall we?’ I eased myself off the cot, and stood
there unsteadily for a moment, holding onto the headboard for support. It was
wonderful to be standing upright again. I took a step forward, and was glad to
find it easier than I’d expected. Sally held my arm, and we went along the
passage to the bathroom.

           
‘Now then’ said Sally as she unfastened the back of my baby frock and
pulled it off over my head, ‘You see those three large plastic bags there?’
I looked at the bags resting on the floor in the corner.

‘Yes’ I said.

           
‘Good. They’re to put your dirty nappy and baby pants in. As I said,
I’m not going to clean you up, you can do that yourself. As soon as I’m out
of the room, Take them off and put them in one bag. Tie it shut and put it into
another bag. Then put that one inside the last bag and tie *that* shut.
That way we won’t have any smells to contend with. Your botty is very messy I
imagine, so use plenty of toilet paper to wipe yourself clean, put it in the
toilet and flush it away. Then you can take a hot shower. No doubt you’ve been
looking forward to that for several days.’

           
‘When you’ve dried yourself off, give me a call and I’ll see what I
can do about that nappy rash. All right then, I’ll leave you to it.’ She
went out of the bathroom and closed the door behind her, and I started to remove
the baby pants. I pulled them down and put them in one of the bags. Then I
unpinned the terry towel nappy, removed it, and put it in the bag. Suddenly the
smell of my full nappy hit me, and I screwed up my nose. Phew! It was awful. I
finally unfastened the tabs of  the
disposable nappy I’d used as a liner, and put it into the bag before quickly
tying it shut. I put the bags one inside the other, and put them down on the
floor.

           
The moment I started wiping my bottom clean I could feel how sore it was,
so I wiped it very gently. But at last I was relatively clean, and I flushed the
soiled paper down the toilet before stepping into the shower. I turned on the
hot water, and gave a yelp of pain as the hot water hit my tender skin. I felt
as if my bottom was on fire, and groaned as I soaped myself clean.

           
After a long and soaking shower, I dried myself down, gently dabbing my
sore bottom dry. I turned to have a look at it in the mirror, and gasped. My
bottom was scarlet with the effect of the nappy rash I’d acquired, and I
rubbed it tenderly. It sure was painful.

           
I went to the bathroom door and called out to Sally that I was ready. She
told me to come into our bedroom to dress, so I wrapped my towel around me and
went along the passage to our room. Sally was there, and grinned as she said
‘Better?’

           
‘What do *you* think?’ I said ruefully.

           
‘How’s your botty? Sore?’

           
‘Of *course* it is!’ I retorted.

           
‘Let me have a look. Bend over the side of the bed.’

           
I did as she said, and she gave a chuckle. ‘My goodness’ she said,
‘You *do* have a classic case of nappy rash, don’t you? Must be as sore
as anything. Would you like me to put some ointment on it for you?’

           
‘Yes please’ I said, surprised at her concern. Sally took a tube of
ointment out of a drawer, and removing the cap, she squeezed a generous portion
into her hand. Putting the tube down, she said to me ‘Right, just bend over
and I’ll rub it in.’ I bent forward, resting my hands on the bed. Then she
put her hand on my bottom and began to rub the ointment well in. In a few
seconds a searing pain spread across my bottom, and I yelled in pain. Knowing
her wicked sense of humour I should have suspected something. It wasn’t
soothing skin cream, but full strength deep heat ointment, and the pain brought
tears to my eyes. Sally burst out laughing as I leapt up and desperately tried
to rub off the ointment from my bottom, but that just made things worse. Still
giggling, Sally gave me a cloth to wipe my hands as the pain subsided slightly,
but I realised that I was going to have a very sore bottom for several days to
come. ‘That was fun’ she chuckled, ‘Don’t worry, it won’t last
forever. Just a little souvenir from your week in a dirty nappy.’

‘Well’ she continued, ‘I
think we can say you’ve officially paid the penalty for cheating on me and I
hope it’s taught you a lesson. But take it as a final warning. If I ever find
you trying to deceive me like that again, I’ll make last week seem like a
picnic. I may not be lucky enough to find that you’ve very conveniently
trussed yourself up for me as happened this time, but with the aid of all those
delightful photos I’ve now got stored in my computer and also Julie’s
computer as a back up, I’m sure it won’t be difficult to make you
co-operate.’

           
Horrified, I blurted out ‘But that’s *blackmail*!’

           
‘No it isn’t. Let’s just call it coercion. Now get dressed and
we’ll have some breakfast.’ She went downstairs to prepare breakfast, while
I dressed myself in something decent for the first time in a week.

           
Breakfast was accompanied with a lively discussion on the justice of what
Sally had done, but I could hardly argue with her that I’d deserved it. I’d
blatantly disregarded her warning, and suffered the consequences. Besides, I
knew that despite my horrendous experience of the previous week, I still wanted
to continue with our mutual sessions of Sally tying me up as a baby or a little
girl and being playfully teased and taunted. Some fantasies are just too strong
to ignore or discard, and Sally was my only means of continuing to experience
that fantasy.

So we continued living together
and both enjoying our mutual pleasure, but after my week as a baby in the cot, I
vowed never to get caught like that again.

           
Unfortunately, as somebody once said, *the road to hell is paved with
good intentions*, and eventually my common sense deserted me again. A few
weeks later, when Sally was away on a business trip, I started to indulge myself
again, and was soon up to my old tricks. I got away with it for nearly a year,
but inevitably, fate stepped in and I got caught in the act again. Sally’s
resulting punishment did indeed make my week in the cot seem like a picnic. But
that’s another story.

 

THE END
