---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Warm Up
authors:
- Rath
tags:
- M-f
- D-s
- naked
- bond
- cuffs
- rope
- bdsm
- flogger
- paddle
- cane
- toys
- mast
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2015-05-17 00:00:00
---

Lucy lay on the bed in front of Jason, ready for the night’s session. She was in “the position” which is face down, fingers interlocked behind her neck and legs spread. Jason approached and ran his hand up her shapely leg and let it glide quickly over a firm ass cheek. Fingers traced slowly up her spine, stopping at her hands. He grabbed her wrist firmly and lifted it, ratcheting a handcuff shut around it. The other wrist was cuffed as well and Lucy’s arms were lifted above her head. Next a rope was wrapped around each ankle and tied off to the corners of the bed, a little tug ensuring her legs were well sperated.

Without a word, Jason strode to a nearby table and picked up a wide flogger. Returning to his willing captive he immediately swatted her ass with the flogger first on the left and then on the right cheek. Lucy let out a shrill yelp and jumped from the sudden pain then settled back down into the mattress. More blows landed several at a time on each cheek. They increased in speed and intensity until a series of moans, followed by cries escaped Lucy’s lips.

As Jason walked back to the table Lucy was gyrating her hips and rosy cheeks in time with the now abated flogging. Jason returned with a small wooden paddle and again began slowly and firmly hitting Lucy’s ass. This time a combination of sensitivity and the increased sting of the paddle caused cries to immediately escape her lips. As the intensity of the paddling grew so did the intensity of Lucy’s cries. Just as she was about to scream from the pain wracking through her mind, Jason stopped and began to slowly stroke his hand over her abused ass. His aim had been good and although each cheek was now a dark, angry shade of red, there was almost no bruising… yet.

He admired his work for a few more minutes before replacing the wooden paddle with a lexan ruler. This time though, as he began to run his fingers up Lucy’s legs as the blows rained down on her. When his finger found her moist lips Lucy started and thrust herself into his hand. Two fingers slowly slid into her womanhood as the intensity of the paddling picked up. The intensity of the pain and pleasure were driving Lucy mad and her cries of pain became suplanted by groans of lust.

Jason began pumping his fingers in and out of Lucy’s pussy in time with the strokes of the lexan, purple bruises rising up all over her butt. He continued down the back of each thigh, leaving bright rectangular marks as he went. Lucy’s body seemed to build each increment of stimulation upon the last, blurring pain and pleasure into euphoria. Just like that, in an instant Jason stopped.

Lucy groaned with frustration and threw her cuffed wrists back and forth to illustrate her exasperation at the denial. Jason returned quickly though and this time he carried a vibrator which was applied to her clit as a finger slid back inside her love tunnel. As the stimulation of the vibrator flowed blissfully into Lucy’s body she quivered with excitement. Jason’s body brushed over hers as he leaned forward to whisper hoarsely in her ear “Do you want to cum like this, painslut?”

“N-no S-sir.” slipped heavily from her mouth. The hesitation in her voice was clearly not the result of trepidation but rather pure lust.

“And what is it you do want?” His tone was approving and meant to goad her.

“P-please… please sir… cane me while I cum.” Jason let out a low guttural laugh and turned toward the table of toys. “Sir?” this was the first word she’d truly enunciated so far. Jason turned and ran his fingers into Lucy’s hair, not applying pressure but making his presence well known.

“Yes slut?”

“Please do not be gentle.”

As Jason let go she let her head slump back into the bed to await her torment. Jason generally tried to maintain the somber tone of a punishing master in their sessions of corporal punishment but to this request he could not help but smile. Jason quickly returned with a rattan cane and positioned the vibrator in the perfect spot.

Just as the vibrations started the first blow landed on the rear of Lucy’s thigh. She cried out and ground her hips into the vibe. Another blow landed right next to the first and two purple welts grew out of the spots where it had hit. Jason then landed two blows, one right after another, in a similar spot on the opposite thigh. He delivered more strokes far enough apart to let the excruciating wave of one reverberate through Lucy’s body before delivering the next.

As her excitement built he worked his way up her thighs, leaving a dozen thick welts on each one. She was now moving around wildly, lost in her own excitement and it was becoming harder to keep the vibe in place.  Several strokes of the cane landed upon Lucy’s severely bruised ass and she screamed out from the shock. As the sensation of those blows struck home her body tipped over the edge and she was lost in orgasm.

Jason felt her body tense and landed 5 more blows across both cheeks of her bottom, driving Lucy further and further into her own orgasmic bliss. Finally, as Lucy’s frenzied state began to subside, he relaxed onto the bed and gently cupped her head while gliding his hand down her back and up her side. Sensing his captive was returning to lucidity, he slid his hand firmly under Lucy’s neck and lifted her head to look into her eyes and to whisper in her ear again.

“So was that enough foreplay for you painslut? Or do I need to cane your breasts before I fuck you?”

 Several moments of glazed stare pass before… “Yes Sir, please Sir.”
