---
original_url: https://www.dollstories.net/storiessz/teddy_fetish.html
subcategory: Doll Stories
title: Teddy Fetish
authors:
- Plastic Chic
tags:
- F/f
- M/f
- costume
- dollsuit
- stuck
- transform
- deflate
- box
- sex
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2010-03-28 00:00:00
---

My name is Sharlotte. When I was a little girl, there were two things I adored: Barbies and Teddy Bears. When I hit 18, I changed Barbies to love dolls, but I still loved Teddy Bears. I am 25 years old now, and I had just gotten the job at "Freaky Fetish."

I told the manager, Chloe, my secret love of teddy bears, and she said she could help.

A week later, when on a date with my boyfriend, Joseph, Chloe called me, she said, "I have something I may want to see."

When I arrived, she told me to follow her out down to the basement.

I didn't know about it, so I was mildly confused.

Suddenly, Chloe pulled out a box that said, "To Sharlotte" in Chloe's handwriting. She said, "I think you might like it."

I opened the box and there was fur. I pulled it out of the box, to find that it was a costume in the shape of a teddy bear.

She said I should try it on, but I waited until I got home with Joseph.

Joseph saw the box and asked what's that.

After I told him, he said, "Wow. Well Try It On!"

I had slowly put it on. It felt so warm on my skin.

Soon I was completely inside. I walked over to a mirror. I looked like a teddy/Barbie fusion! I loved it.

Then I noticed something. There was a hole in the front and back, over my vagina and anus. I had realized that it wasn't a costume, but a love doll suit!

I ran downstairs and showed Joseph.

He felt exhilarated to find that it was a love doll suit, and he pestered me to finally test it out.

That night, Joseph, at first, didn't put too much force into it. But, slowly, it became rougher and rougher. I loved it! It felt like have sex for the first time all over again.

After he finished I attempted to take off the suit, but... the zipper was gone.

I looked for it for a few minutes and couldn't find it. I ran over to the box that the suit came with and found a note.

From the makers of Sheera Love-Doll, comes Fur Fun, a new line of.... skip that... WARNING, before use of the suit for sex, please remove the FFCord, otherwise the suit will attach to the host. The host will start to feel lighter and more likea(n) (insert animal here).

If this occurs, please contact the following number...

I looked for the number, but I saw that it had been torn off. At the bottom of the box there was a note.

To Sharlotte,

I hope you enjoy the Teddy Fur Fun Suit I gave you. I also know you would never read the instructions so the surprise is, I hope, a wonderful surprise! I will be at your door at 10:00 PM to pick you up. Your New Owner Will Love You!

Love, Chloe

P.S.You've been a wonderful employee, and I hope you enjoy your new life.

I looked at the clock, 9:55 PM. I tried to scream, but soon I found it hard to speak. I, then, started feeling lighter and softer. I started losing the ability to move my body. I could move my left hand only. I saw my stomach glowing too... so I pressed at it

"I wuv You!"

It was my voice... I started to lose hope.

Soon I saw the clock... 9:59 PM. Then, my arm was frozen. I could still see, hear, feel, and think. I heard footsteps coming. Then I was picked up and taken away.

"Hi there, Sharlotte. I hope Jason Scott loves you."

I was taken into a car and saw a box that said 'Share-A-Lot: The Love Bear'. I felt a yank, and started deflating.

I was then placed in the box. Then, it went dark.

My name is Sharlotte. When I was a little girl, there were two things I adored: Barbies and Teddy Bears. When I hit 18, I changed Barbies tolove dolls, but I still loved Teddy Bears. I am 25 years old now, but I'm not so sure, my memories a little fuzzy.
