---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Lonely Eyes
authors:
- ZTVFemdomtales
tags:
- F/m
- mpov
- kidnap
- strip
- sex
- rope
- bond
- chairtie
- gag
- reluct
- X
date: 2022-03-20 00:00:00
---

I sit down at the bar, completely downtrodden by another year of failure in the romance department. I see something in the corner of my eye and I turn around to see the hottest woman I've ever been in the same room as in my entire life. As a gentleman I feel I must start with her face. It is round, plump is a better word. It is cute but her eyes hold a fiery, predatory passion. Now for the part I am really focusing on. Her massive K-Cup tits that are trying to rip apart her low-cut red dress. I try to keep my cool as I approach her.

She licks her lips looking me over.

"Hello sexy."

I look around myself making sure that she's talking to me.

"Forgive me but are you talking to me?"

"Of course. no one else here is nearly as sexy."

I blush big time from her compliment.

"T-Thanks, though I would disagree as you are way more sexy than I am."

"Well yes, but I can't hit on myself now can I?"

"Fair enough, so how's your night going?"

I ask as I get a bit embarrassed.

"A lot better now that I've got you."

"I see, so wanna go do something?"

"I am. You."

"Yeah. I do actually."

"No, silly boy, I want to do you. On the bar. Now."

"Re-Really?" I ask as my entire face gets red.

She pushes me onto the bar and forces down my pants. My manhood springs out ready to comply. I can’t believe this is actually happening to me! She mounts you and begins fucking you hard. I moan as she does so. She takes me to three orgasms in a row.

Once I’m spent she climbs off and picks me up bridal style.

"Did you have fun little boy?"

"Yes ma'am. It was great."

"Do you have anywhere you need to be tonight?"

"No, truthfully I don't have anywhere, but I will say this, you are without a doubt the sexiest woman I've ever seen before."

"Making this too easy. How about the near future?"

"Just work tomorrow."

"Will anyone there miss you if you play hookey?"

I blush at what she's implying.

"Well, I guess that I have a couple of days left in my vacation time for the year."

"I'm going to kidnap you now."

"Oka-wait, what?"

"Don't roleplay a lot do you?"

"I don't actually. I don't exactly have a great track record of even one nighters."

"From this moment on we're going to play pretend. I am a predatory nympho and you are the innocent small town boy I've kidnapped to corrupt. We will play it out 24/7 until you have to go to work. That includes bondage and dominance."

"Olay, guess that works for me if it's what will get me to be able to see you longer tonight, then I am willing."

"Not just tonight. Do well and you can sleep over a lot more."

"Okay, I will. I hope that it lives up to your standards."

"You're doing great so far. Take my tit out and suck it as we go home."

"Okay, I will."

She heads for the door.

"So, you learned about me, what about you?"

"When we get home. Now suckle."

"Okay."

I then take her nipple out and start sucking on it. I stop momentarily to exclaim.

"It tastes amazing."

"Good, we're going to do this a lot more."

I nod as I continue to suck. We arrive at her home and she sits me down.

"Strip."

I start taking my clothes off.

"Faster!"

I speed up on command.

Once naked she shoves me into the chair. She pulls ropes out from under the chair and ties my arms and legs tight. I don't try to stop her as I think it's just part of the roleplay thing she mentioned earlier. She just admires me.

"This is so beautiful."

"Yeah, it is," I say, loving the sight of her.

"Well, good night."

"Good night."

She goes to her room and locks the door. I sit there for several hours, confused, before finally drifting off.

I awake to her gagging me with tape and stealing my phone from my pants on the floor. A warm fire has been set in the fireplace beside me. I make muffled sounds in confusion. She looks up a number and calls it on hers.

"Yes I'm calling about your employee."

She gives them my name.

"Yes, I'm a doctor at St. Sarafina. I'm afraid he's been in an accident and will be stuck here with me for some time."

She leaves and she continues to chat. When did I tell her my name? I see my open wallet on the floor. Oh. She returns a half hour later.

"There I called everyone in your phone. No one will think you're missing now. Not until they can't find that fake hospital. Plenty of time for me to cover our tracks.:

I look at her in utter confusion.

"Oh sweetie. Haven't you figured it out yet? I'm not roleplaying. I really have kidnapped you."

I let out a few muffled sounds out of protest and surprise.

"Oh please. you should be flattered."

I just glare at her.

"A woman like me takes you to be her lover? It's a dream come true."

I just make muffled sounds in response.

"Can you honestly say life was better before?"

I shake my head admitting that she has a point.

"Did you hate fucking me yesterday?"

I once again shake my head admitting that she, once again, has a point.

"I am wealthy and don't work. you will spend all your time fucking me. Is that a bad thing?"

I shake my head a third time.

"Then why fight me?"

I then motion to the tape. She smiles and pulls it off.

"The reason is because, while you are hot, I never thought you would actually kidnap me."

"That made it easy to kidnap you. So how do you feel about all this?"

"It depends on what you mean exactly."

"Your kidnapping so far?"

"To be honest, the one doing the kidnapping is hot and all, but that doesn't mean that it's right to kidnap people."

She puts the tape back on.

"I need to cure you of that delusion."

She slips her dress off. I glance all over her body, most notably at her boobs. She sits on my lap.

"The tape will stay off when you can admit I did the right thing kidnapping you."

My penis gets unbearably hard when she sits on my lap as I gulp at what she said.

"When I'm done you will never *want* to leave your goddess."

She assaults my face with kisses. I give into the kisses, moaning as my boner gets harder and harder.

"See? You love me already."

She set about collecting my clothes and wallet off the floor and tossing them into the fire. I let out a soft moan when I get the nice view that her bare body gives. She straddles me again.

"I love your body. I love that I own it now."

My boner grows even harder. She takes the tape off.

"Please keep me."

"Of course. That was never in question. Not from the moment I saw you."

"Thank goodness, sorry for being so rude earlier. I don't know what came over me."

"Tell me kidnapping you was the right thing to do."

"Kidnapping me was and is the right thing to do."

"Again and call me Mistress."

"Kidnapping me was and is the right thing to do, my amazingly beautiful Mistress."

She kisses me hard and grinds against me. I moan as I kiss her back, trying to match the passion.

"Beg me to fuck you."

"Please, give me the best screwing in the universe Mistress, I know I didn't do anything to deserve the honor but I want nothing more than that."

She slips me inside her. I moan at the pleasure she causes.

"Happy Valentine's Day, Slave."

"Happy Valentine's Day, Mistress."

Then she fucked me silly.
