---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Chain Ladies Tea Society
authors:
- Budman
tags:
- F/m
- bond
- chastity
- oral
- training
- gag
- paddle
- cuffs
- outdoors
- collar
- breathplay
- transported
- cons
- XX
date: 2023-09-23 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 6 – A Walk in the Woods

When Dr. MacDougal sent Dee the Ultimate Chastity Device owner’s manual Dee couldn’t wait to read it. And then she read it again. The third time she read it, it was with Paul’s head between her thighs. She had three orgasms before she finished that third reading. She could tell that Paul wanted to know what she was reading but he was already too well trained to ask. He just assumed it was a really good Femdom porn story. Little did he know that he was reading HIS future story.

Over the next two months Dee and Julie had many deep conversations, on the phone. over lunch, or at the Ladies Tea Society meetings which Dee never missed. Julie guided Dee into carefully and firmly taking Paul deeper and deeper into his submission. Following Julie’s suggestions, Dee started adding a couple of new submissive acts to their routine each week.

Dee had Paul kneel beside her chair at dinner and she fed him by hand from her plate. Paul thought it was wonderful but was surprised when he realized this was a permanent change, his chair at the table simply wouldn’t be used anymore. He also realized that he should eat a good lunch, because Dee only fed him what she considered excess. After a few nights he tried putting more on her plate. She didn’t say anything but still only fed him a minimal amount, leaving him to rake the rest into the trash.

After a few more nights, Dee caught Paul sneaking bites of food while he was cooking. When she confronted him, he said he was ‘tasting to make sure the seasoning was right.” Dee went right to the computer and ordered a 2-inch penis gag with Velcro straps. When it arrived, Paul had to wear the penis gag any time he was within the kitchen. If he was cooking, he had to strap it on with Velcro straps. If he was just running into the kitchen to grab something for Dee, he could just pop it into his mouth and hold it with his teeth. But the gag HAD to be in his mouth if he was across the kitchen door threshold. When he wasn’t in the kitchen, the gag hung on a hook on the kitchen door frame.

Paul was still unaware that there was an intentional training agenda, designed by his wife and her new friend Julie. He went on with life, going to work each morning, coming home and cooking and serving Dee each night. He was secretly impressed that his wife had become such a powerful dominatrix in such a short time but so far, he was loving every minute and excited every time she announced a new rule, protocol, or service.

The next weekend, Dee had Paul hang a 2ft-by-2ft white board in the kitchen. She took a marker and wrote “Demerits” across the top then divided it into seven vertical areas. She also put a 2-inch three ring binder on the counter under the whiteboard. She explained to Paul that she thought he needed more structure in his service to her, so she wanted him to spend the rest of Saturday on the family computer documenting all the rules and protocols she had laid down for him. She would read it and make corrections. As they added new rules or protocols, he was to type them up and add them to the notebook. Over time, as she added cleaning and laundry duties to Paul’s service, she would make him document, in great detail, how all of the cleaning, laundry, folding and storing of clothes was to be done.

Every time she was disappointed in his service to her or forgot a rule. or broke a protocol, she would place a mark under the appropriate day. Dee explained that from now on, every Sunday night, before bed, Paul would bend over the footboard of (now) Dee’s bed, and she would spank Paul using the implement of her choice. She explained that these included her hand, a ping pong paddle from the table in the rec room, Paul’s old ceremonial fraternity paddle or a doubled leather belt. The implement would be chosen, solely at Dee’s discretion, based on if and how angry she was with him. Paul would start the week with ten demerits. He would always get ten spanks, to remind him who was in charge, even if he had a perfect week.

This was the biggest step Dee had taken with Paul and, although she didn’t show it, she was incredibly nervous that he would simply say “No, no more, we are done with these games.” Dee had come to realize that she was really enjoying being in charge of their marriage. That if Paul did back out, she would honor his wishes, but she doubted their marriage would survive. She didn’t need to worry.

Paul couldn’t believe his luck, all his fantasies were coming true! When he married Dee, he absolutely loved her, thought she was beautiful, enjoyed her personality and laugh. But he also felt a little like he was settling. He just never figured he would find a truly dominant woman that he loved as much. Now, the woman he loved was becoming the dominant he needed. His only problem was learning to separate his “normal” work life and his “submissive” home life. More than once he had stopped himself right before saying “Yes Ma’am” to one of his female coworkers.

The following week, Dee and Paul went clothes shopping, for Dee or course, followed by dinner and a movie. Dee used the outing to deepen Paul’s submission and start training him for skills he would need at the Ladies Tea Society. Dee explained to Paul that he was to always walk one step behind and beside her except when he rushed ahead to open a door. When shopping, he carried everything. She also insisted that when they were together, he would speak only when she gave him permission, or if she asked him a question. If someone else asked him a question, she would answer. She ordered dinner, he paid. She ordered the movie tickets, he paid.

Over the coming weeks they went out almost every other night. Sometimes they just went after dinner to get ice cream. They went to the home improvement center to get plants for Paul to plant around the house. They went to the furniture store to get a new lamp. They went to the Grocery store, even though this was normally Paul’s job, Dee used all these trips to deepen Paul’s training.

Mrs. Wainwright’s estate included a large, wooded area that bordered on a branch of the Coosa river. The estate included several miles of walking and horse trails and there was a back entrance to the estate with a parking area at one end of the trails. At Julie’s suggestion, Dee called Mavis and asked if she could take Paul for a walk and Mavis enthusiastically gave Dee the gate code. On a bright, warm Saturday afternoon, Dee simply announced that Paul should put on his walking shoes and nothing else. When Paul was ready, she put a leash on him, led him into the garage and had him get into the back seat of her Tesla.

As Dee backed out of the garage Paul asked nervously, “Umm, where are we going?”

“You’ll find out,” Dee laughed, “but you might want to lay down on the floor back there as we go through town.”

That made Paul very nervous. He assumed that Dee would just ride him around the block or something to give them both a thrill, but they were obviously going somewhere. But where? Paul took her advice and wiggled down on the floor between the front and back seat where, for some reason, he felt even more naked, vulnerable, and embarrassed.

After ten or fifteen minutes, Paul couldn’t tell exactly, he realized they were on a dirt road, then Julie said, “Stay put,” and got out of the car! Paul was now getting very nervous. He wasn’t the jittery type, but he was almost shaking. When Dee came back and opened the back door, she could tell he was distressed.

“Paul,” she asked with a kind voice, “do you trust me?”

Paul answered with a quick almost clipped “Yes Ma’am!”

“Then take three deep breaths and focus on how much I love you.” Julie suggested.

“Paul,” she asked again after a few minutes, “do you trust me?”

This time Paul had gotten a grip on his emotions and answered with a deliberate and confident “Yes Ma’am.”

“I’m going to push you today, and you’re going to have several new experiences that will please me very much. But if you want to go home right now, just say so.

Paul shook his head no.

“Look me in the eye and tell me! All of it!” Julie demanded.

“I want to please you! I love and trust you! I don’t want to go home Ma’am!” Paul answered in a firm voice and he realized, as he said it, that he really meant it. He would do whatever Dee wanted him to do just to please her.

“Get out of the car and go lean over the hood!” Dee instructed as she went to open the trunk. Paul looked around as he got out of the car and didn’t recognize anything. They were parked in a small gravel area in a deep wooded area. Coming around the car with a backpack she took handcuffs, a belly chain, and two water bottles out of the pack. While Paul was leaning over the hood, she pulled his hands around behind his back one at a time and locked the professional grade handcuffs on each wrist. After spinning him around to face her she made a show of putting the handcuff keys into her sports bra. Next, she spun him back around facing away from her, wrapped the belly chain around his waist and, using a single padlock, locked it tightly around his waist and captured the handcuff chain into the small of his back with the same padlock. This key she dropped into the other side of her sports bra.

Pushing Paul’s ass back against the car fender, she grabbed his testicles hanging from the bottom of his Chastity cage with a firm grip and squeezed. At the same time, she wrapped her left arm behind his neck and pulled him in for a deep and long kiss. This took Paul completely by surprise and had exactly the effect Dee wanted; Paul’s penis began to strain even harder against the cage.

After a few minutes of deep kissing and fondling, Dee broke off, and without warning drove her right knee hard into Paul’s testicles. The pain was intense, and he immediately dropped to his knees on the parking area’s gravel.

“Don’t EVER put your tongue in my mouth again unless I expressly tell you to!” Dee said sternly while thinking “Well, that should keep him off balance.”

While Paul was seeing stars and clearing his head, desperate to rub the pain from his balls, Dee put the backpack on and took the top off one of the water bottles.

“Stand up! Drink this” she said as she held the water bottle to his lips.

Paul managed to drink most of it although his body just wanted to curl up around his testicles.

Dee grabbed the end of the leash that was still attached to Paul’s collar and walked off towards an opening in the edge of the woods. Paul followed; he didn’t really have any choice.

They walked along a well-defined trail in a mature southern forest. The trail wasn’t rough, but Paul was grateful that Dee allowed him his walking shoes especially since there were occasional piles of horse manure. There were times when the trail narrowed, and the branches and brush scraped against Paul’s legs and arms. It was weird being out in the woods just wearing shoes, a chastity cage, handcuffs and a collar. The further they walked from the car the more Paul sank into a submissive headspace. He was now totally dependent on Dee and that was becoming more obvious the farther they went into the woods.

After a few hours hiking, the trail reached the Coosa river and started along the bank. They hadn’t seen or heard anyone during the hike and there was no one in sight on the river. Dee paused at a sandy spot along the riverbank, tied Paul’s leash to a branch just above his head and began to strip off her clothes.

“Ummm – Dee?” Paul started, uncertainly.

“Shhh” Dee replied while pulling her sports bra over her head causing the keys within to fly out onto the ground.

“Ooops” Dee giggled, guess I should pick those up, as she bent over, making sure her ass was facing Paul so he could get a good look. Dee then waded into the river until it was up to her neck and splashed around a bit. When she came out Paul thought that he had never seen his wife looking more beautiful. She looked like a forest nymph coming up out of the water as the sun glinted off water droplets running off her body. Paul’s penis was in real pain straining against his cage. Dee noticed.

“Having a problem there darling? Perhaps a swim in this cold river water will help!” Dee said as she untied his leash, took off his walking shoes and led him into the water. Paul wanted to say something, anything. But he was so deep in subspace, so under control of his wife, so amazed at how she was controlling the scene that he just followed silently.

When they were in waist deep water, Dee stood beside him and fondled his cage and balls. The cold water wasn’t helping shrink his penis which was bulging out of the cage painfully and Dee’s attention wasn’t helping.

“Remember Paul, you trust me completely!” Dee didn’t say this as a question, just a statement of fact. Dee then laid Paul back in the water with one arm while putting the loop on the end of his leash around her left foot with the other hand. As soon as Paul was floating on his back with Dee’s arm supporting the back of his neck he felt the leash pull his head underwater. Dee was using her foot to pull his leash to the sandy bottom of the river. She hadn’t given Paul any warning, he hadn’t taken a breath, he just barely got his mouth closed.

With his hands tightly chained in the small of his back, his leash pinned to the river, Paul’s very life was in Dee’s hands. He wanted to kick, his legs were still free, but he focused on what Dee had said right before she pulled him under: “you trust me completely!”

He tried to relax, he tried to see her face above the water, he wondered how long he could hold his breath. He was right on the verge of panic when she pulled his head up just enough for him to breathe.

Once she thought Paul had a good breath, she smiled at him, and pulled him under again. After what seemed like an eternity, she leaned over, put her face in the water and kissed him, a deep passionate kiss. All Paul could feel was his rising panic.

This time, when Dee pulled his head up out of the water, she stood him up completely. She positioned herself in water just up to her waist, spread her legs, finding a solid footing for each foot.
“Eat me Paul, make me Cum!”

Paul never even considered if it was possible. Could he hold his breath long enough to get his wife off? All he had was his mouth and tongue, his hands were out of play. And water would wash away any ‘natural’ lubricant which means he might quickly make Dee’s cunt raw. None of this occurred to him until much later.

The chains around his waist and on his hands countered his natural buoyancy and he had no problem lowering himself and getting to work. He knew how Dee liked him to eat her, but how did he adapt that for underwater? He did his best but he quickly realized he would never do it in one breath and so he came up for air.

When he came up Dee was looking bored. “If that’s the longest you can stay down there, I guess I should wrap your leash around my foot again!”

Paul dove under the water and went back to work. It took him eight breaths before Dee finally shuddered, grabbed the top of his head and kept him down long seconds past when he wanted to come up for air while she finished her orgasm.

Leading Paul out of the water she had to admit that she was surprised he was able to get her off in the water, it was cold, he was obviously working fast, and he kept coming up for air every minute or so. But the sheer dominance of the situation, her sub giving up his very breath for her pleasure, tipped her over. To be honest, it wasn’t a great orgasm, but she came.

They both laid out in the sun on the sand to dry off. The whole river scene was total improvisation on Dee’s part, so she hadn’t planned and brought a towel or a hairbrush for that matter. Paul was so tied and in sub-drop space that he went to sleep for a few minutes. When Dee woke him, she was already dressed. Dee had been thinking about how she was going to put Paul’s walking shoes back on. It was such a simple thing – but she didn’t want to uncuff him so he could do it. And she really didn’t want to kneel at his feet to put them on for him – that would set a completely wrong mood. But when she was Paul laying on his back in the sand, she had the answer. Picking up his shoes, she had him raise one leg straight up. She then put one foot on his cage and testicles and held his leg while she put the shoe on that foot. Switching legs and which foot she had on his package, she put the other shoe on. It was a very controlling way to handle the situation and Dee was impressed and pleased with herself!

They continued walking, Paul noticed, on down the trail and NOT back towards the car. The trail diverged from the river and started up a hill finally entering a circular clearing with a single, tall, straight pine in the middle of the clearing.

“Ahh, here we are!” Dee said. Mavis’ instructions and trail map had been perfect. As they approached the tree Paul noticed a chain around the tree and a lock hanging open.

“Do you like this lovely clearing dear?” Dee asked.

“Yes Ma’am,” Paul replied, eyeing the chain.

“That’s good, because you’re going to be spending some time here.” Dee explained.

Paul desperately wanted to ask his wife what the hell was going on, but he also wanted desperately to please her. His desire to please overcame his curiosity and he remained silent.

Dee simply took the open padlock on the chain that was wrapped around the tree at waist height and locked it to the chain wrapped around Paul’s waist, so he was facing the tree. She then smacked him firmly on the ass and walked off without saying a word. Paul strained to look around behind him to see Dee walk back into the woods on a different trail than the one they had taken here. What Paul didn’t know was that, although they had walked a little over three miles that morning, they had actually made a huge loop and were only a few hundred yards from the car. They were also only a tree line away from Mrs. Mavis Wainwright’s mansion, and Mrs. Wainwright knew he was there, chained up in her clearing.

It didn’t take long for Paul to realize that the bottle of water Dee had made him drink had made its way through to his bladder and was insisting on coming out. Well, he didn’t know how long he would be here, so he angled his body and pissed beside the tree. He immediately began to regret it.

South Alabama has all kinds of annoying insects. The most annoying of these are called No-See-Ums by many, biting midges by entomologists and “Five-o’s” by folks in Alabama because they come out and do their biting around 5pm. Paul had fended off the occasional horse fly, these trails were used by Mrs. Wainwright and her guest as horse trails, and a few had bitten him. But the torment from an occasional horse fly was nothing to what he started to experience once the Five-o’s came out. Paul figured he had already been standing by this tree for about four hours. His legs were tired, he was bored, his urine smelled. He had to keep repeating the mantra his wife had given him “you trust me completely” over and over to keep the panic down. But now these damn bugs were everywhere and stamping his feet, shaking his head, rubbing against the tree, nothing was helping keep them off him.

Paul was exhausted, naked, being bitten everywhere, and starting to let fear overcome him. His shoulders had been burning for hours from having his hands chained behind his back. He was so miserable he started to cry quietly.

“There there, little boy, your wife has sent Mavis to take care of you!”

Paul was so wrapped up in his own misery that hadn’t heard anyone approach. And now this kindly female voice like a southern grandmother was right behind him. It took a while for her words to soak into his miserable, tired brain. *Mavis? Mavis Wainwright, NO, he couldn’t be seen by the Chairperson of the board where he worked, naked, chained to a tree in a chastity cage.*

*Wait – Dee sent her?*

Again, he heard Dee’s voice in his head, “You trust me completely!”

“Thank you Ma’am!” Paul finally said quietly.

Mavis unlocked Paul from the tree and took the end of his leash as she said, “So well trained! Dee has done a good job with you boy, come with me.”

As if Paul had a choice.

They walked to a third path out of the clearing and in just a few minutes entered the back of Mavis’s patio, the one where the Ladies Tea Society meetings were held. Mavis had her staff put some ‘furniture’ around the patio, even though such things were usually only brought out on Sunday’s and then only if the program required them. But on this evening, there was a Saint Andrews Cross, a Crucifixion cross, several different types of spanking benches, and a couple of steel cages. Paul instantly knew what each was from porn videos. But because he was having to focus on keeping up with Mrs. Wainwright he didn’t have much time to study them.

Mavis took him around the outside to the front of her house, a classic southern antebellum front with massive Greek-inspired columns. She pushed him back against one of the columns and wrapped his leash around the column, attaching the loop to the clip effectively trapping Paul against the column. It wasn’t chain, but he wasn’t going anywhere with his hands still chained behind his back. At least there were no insects on the front porch yet, but his shoulders were still on fire, and he was deathly tired of standing.

“Dee will be along to collect you sometime before morning, you be a good boy in the meantime and don’t mess my porch.” Mrs. Wainwright said in her kindly southern way. “Oh, and Paul, if we run into each other at work, we’ve never met, you’ve never been to my house, and I certainly have never noticed that you have an extremely tiny penis!”

The penis comment was humiliating enough, but why did she have to mention messing the porch, now Paul’s bowels were starting to rumble, and he had no idea how long Dee would leave him here. How much more humiliating could this get.

As Paul stood there, looking down Mrs. Wainwright’s LONG driveway several things started to come together in his brain.

Mrs. Wainwright wasn’t surprised or angry, she knew he would be chained to that tree, she had probably put the chain and padlock there. She and Dee had planned this.

There was a lot of bondage stuff on that Patio. Was that the patio where Dee said the Ladies Tea Society met? What kind of club was this?

Why was his penis growing painfully inside his cage again?

After about thirty minutes Paul noticed the gate at the end of the driveway slowly opening and Dee’s car driving up the driveway.

“God you’re a dirty mess, and you smell like piss, no wonder Mavis put you out here.” Dee exclaimed disgustedly. As she unclipped Paul’s leash she said, “Get in the trunk, I’m not letting you get my seats dirty.”

Paul wanted to obey but he was also desperate to have his cuffs unlocked, to stop the pain in his shoulders, to scratch his bug bites. As he thought about the long ride home, in the trunk, with his hands cuffed, he started to sob. He dropped to his knees on the driveway, looked at his wife’s shoes submissively and asked “Please Ma’am, may I have my hands uncuffed?”

Dee was moved. She did love this man, and he had done so much today to deepen his submission, suffer and please here.

“I’d love to Paul,” she answered, but after a minute added, “But I left the keys at home.”

Paul sobbed openly now, but got up, and crawled into the trunk facing the front.

In a few seconds he felt Dee’s hands on his wrists and felt her unlocking his cuffs.

She had been testing him once again and he had passed.

She simply said “Good boy” and closed the trunk.

One more good thing about Tesla’s, she didn’t have to worry about exhaust fumes in the trunk.
