---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Greedy
authors:
- Raven
tags:
- M/f
- D/s
- bond
- sbf
- toys
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2007-07-12 00:00:00
---

It was just a little mistake. I had just gotten a
little greedy. Who doesn't once and a while? But the
price I had had to pay for it hardly seemed fair. But
I couldn't really blame anyone but myself.
I was down on all fours at the foot of my husband's
bed. An H-shaped steel frame held me with my forearms
against the smooth carpet. Leather cuffs were locked
to the frame at my wrists, elbows, knees, and ankles;
so I wasn't going anywhere.

My heavy breasts hung
between my elbows. The DD implants I had gotten
several months ago were large enough that my nipples
brushed against the floor supporting the weight of the
large steel ring in each nipple. My head was wrapped
in a tight leather hood with openings at the eyes,
nostrils and mouth. Clipped to a D-ring at the top of
the hood was a thin chain that ran down between my ass
checks, through my slit, and was connected to the
cross piece of the frame beneath me. The taught chain
held my head up so I was forced to stare at myself in
the mirror in front of me. It let me rest my head, but
only by painfully cutting into my tender sex and clit.
Where it ran between my cheeks, it held a small butt
plug in place so I could not expel it.

Several wires
ran from the plug to the laptop sitting on the floor
near me. The computer also had several wires that ran
to the thick penis gag that was strapped into my
mouth. This was one of my "training gags". Inside the
thick shaft of the gag were several pressure and
vacuum sensors. If I didn't regularly stroke the
bottom of the shaft with my tongue or suck on the
shaft, a little signal went to the computer. This
would send a pulse to the butt plug and I would
receive a painful shock to the inside of my stretched
ass.

The first few times I had been put into this
contraption, I had had a vibrator in my pussy buzzing
away to distract me. But it had been insisted upon
that I should be trained to lick and suck without
receiving any pleasure of my own. The worst part of it
was that I was the person who had insisted on this.

How it began:

I've always been told I was "cute" and should use this
to my advantage with men. But I always chose to stand
on my own two feet. I went to business school right
after college, graduated and got a job with a major
international bank. I rose rapidly and was placed in
charge of international fund transfers by my late
twenties. Every day I oversaw the movement of millions
of dollars around the world. This system is very
closely watched and so I was surprised when I kept
noticing small errors. Money would leave one bank, a
bank in another country would acknowledge receipt of
the transfer, but the amounts wouldn't match. A small
error in exchange rates meant the hundreds of dollars
a day would just "disappear".

I did a little research
and discovered this had been going on for years, but
no one had noticed. I should have taken the discovery
to my boss. I'm sure I would have gotten a bonus and
promotion, but I got greedy. Now it gives me something
to imagine as I while away the hours, suffering at my
own request, imagining what my life would have been
like.

I watched in the mirror as my husband walked into our
room and dug around in the closet. Distracted, I
neglected to keep my mouth working and got a painful
shock. My muffled cry got his attention and he walked
over to stand behind me, looking at my face in the
mirror.

"Are you lonely?" he asked.

I nodded with the
small amount of movement the chain allowed. He reached
down and unclipped the chain at the top of my hood. My
head hung down and I could finally relax my neck. He
kneeled down behind me and gently pried the chain from
between my lower lips. Although sore, the pressure of
the chain had kept me a little wet and his finger slid
easily into me. He stroked me for a minute to get my
juices flowing and then unbuckled his pants. As he
fucked me slowly from behind he leaned forward and
took my breasts into his hands. He had protested that
I didn't need any help when I proposed implants, but I
could tell he loved them.

I got shocked twice before he came and the pain was
enough to stop me from going over the edge. He could
tell I hadn't come, but knew better than to ask if he
should keep stimulating me. As he wiped himself clean
he asked if I had had enough and wanted to be set
free. When I nodded again, he stopped and stared at
me.

"Why do you do this to yourself?" he asked.

I
winced, remembering the strict request I had given him
about what to do if I ever asked to be released early
from a "training" session. He thought for a moment and
then picked up the chain from my hood. He fed it back
over my plug and through my slit. But instead of
clipping it back to the metal frame, he reached under
me and grabbed one of my nipple rings. He slowly
pulled my tit down and back until he could clip the
chain to one nipple piercing. Squeezing my tits
together he got the other nipple ring hooked to the
same clip.

Now I was in really tough shape. Even with
my new huge breasts, my nipples were painfully
stretched to reach the short chain. I strained to keep
my shoulders as low as possible to give my nipples any
relief I could. What little bit of movement I had
before was now gone and my whole body shook gently as
my mouth worked away.

He stared at me for a few
minutes with a worried look on his face before kissing
one upturned butt cheek and leaving the room.
The ironic thing is that I was just about to stop when
it all happened. I had been secretly stashing away the
extra money for a couple months. Nothing huge, but
even a hundred or so a day added up. When my coworkers
started to comment about my new clothes and car I knew
I had to stop before I got caught.

I almost deleted the first email I got from M. All
it said was "I know what you've been doing."

I
immediately stopped transferring the money and try to
clear up my tracks. But a couple days later he
contacted me again. At first they were just gently
threatening. He made it clear he knew exactly how I
had been stealing. He sent documentation from the bank
and my personal accounts so I knew that he could prove
it even if I cleaned everything up. Finally, after a
couple weeks, he said, "I want in."

He told me I
should send him half of anything I took and gave me
instructions on where to send the money. I tried
desperately to track him down, but with no success. He
clearly knew the international banking system as well
or better than me. I couldn't trace his emails,
accounts, or anything. Facing humiliation and jail, I
saw no choice.

At first he was content to get a piece of the small
stream of extra "income" I had been pocketing, but
that didn't last. After a couple months he sent me
instructions for a complex scheme to steal much larger
amounts. It was brilliant and I didn't see how I could
get caught. But after each theft, he would send me
more documents to show that he could easily turn me
in. I was getting pulled in deeper and deeper with no
way out.

Within 6 months I had stolen almost a
$100,000 with most of it going to my mysterious
conspirator. That's when his demands started to
change.
I was driving like crazy trying to get home in time,
but I could tell I wasn't going to make it. My evening
routine was busy enough without the extra punishment
for being late. I pulled into the garage at 6:05,
close, but not quite. I headed into the house and
changed into my evening clothes. The sheer black body
suit didn't really hide anything and the big stainless
steel rings in my nipples glittered in the light. I
had been at this long enough to know what was coming
eventually and wondered how long it would be before I
had matching rings between my legs.

My husband wasn't
home yet, but he would check the logs on the alarm
system so I had to make amends. There were several
items I could wear as punishment for lateness. Since I
had a lot to do I decided against the ones that
limited my arm or leg movement. My sore jaw from last
night's training session made me skip the gags. I
picked up a tall, black, leather posture collar. I
carefully wrapped it around my throat and buckled it
at the back. A small padlock assured that I wasn't
taking it off myself. I paused to look at myself in
the mirror. I did have to admit that the collar gave
my neck a long elegant look and really emphasized my
straight blond hair. It also made it clear I wasn't
just some young wife in sexy lingerie waiting for her
husband to come home, but a trained and disciplined
slave who willingly humiliated herself.

After some quick cleaning and a tiny low calorie
meal that kept my waist at the slim 24" I hadn't had
since I was a teenager, I put together the fancy meal
my husband enjoyed every night. My mouth watered and
my nearly empty stomach grumbled as I laid out his
food and poured him a glass of wine. He would be home
any minute so I assumed my position kneeling in front
of the door, back arched, arms folded behind me, eyes
cast down.

M's emails began to include rants about the proper
role of women. He would go on at great length about
how we should all be at home serving our husbands
instead of getting in trouble working. Finally he
informed me that stealing for him was no longer enough
and I now needed to change how I lived. His first
instructions were that I must throw out any underwear
I owned made of cotton and that I immediately begin a
strict diet to get the body that my husband deserved.
He informed me that I should send him photos of myself
in all the lingerie that I owned and that I would send
him weekly photo updates of my weight and measurements
so he could track my progress. I instantly sensed that
his demands were about to take off in an entirely new
direction and ignored his contacts for about a week.

The next Friday I received a package at my office that
contained detailed documentation of all my crimes and
a list of addresses that included all my friends,
family, coworkers, and several law enforcement
agencies. The enclosed letter made it clear that I had
two choices, full compliance or complete destruction
of my life. I was apologetic in my next email to him,
hoping to lessen whatever damage I had done.

He struck
a firm, but conciliatory tone. He stated that he
believed firmly in marriage and that I would never be
forced to do anything to break that bond. But he also stated that he intended to turn me into the wife that
every husband secretly dreams of.
My husband commented appreciatively at my new
wardrobe choices and it did help to reinvigorate our
love life which had started to dwindle after a couple
years of marriage. But I knew in my heart that this
wasn't going to end with my choice in underwear.

My husband leaned down to give me a long kiss while
cupping one prominent breast. He made no comment on
the collar that kept me from tilting my head back to
kiss him properly. As he went into the bedroom to
change I crawled to the dining room and assumed my
position; kneeling under the table directly in front
of its only chair. He returned wearing his robe, sat
down and began to eat.

Between bites he stated, "Balls
only tonight, and don't make me come. I want to fuck
you later."

I gently parted his robe and took his
scrotum fully into my mouth. My training sessions had
done the trick and I had no problem slowly sucking and
stroking his balls with my tongue for the 45 minutes
he spent eating and going through his mail at the
table.
   The rest of the evening was uneventful. After
cleaning up and giving him his regular back and foot
massage he led me to the bedroom. He made the kind of
slow, gentle love to me that reminded me of the days
when I was just his wife. After resting briefly in our
afterglow, that illusion of my old life vanished
though. As always, I got on my knees in front of him
and proceeded to work my fingers deep into my wet
pussy. Once my hand was covered with the mix of my
juices and his cum, I brought it to my mouth to suck
it clean. I stared into his eyes as I continued to
work my fingers in our juices and then suck them off.
We had both agreed that this would be a particularly
humiliating way to end any session of normal sex.and
it certainly was.

At first it was just pictures of me nude and in
lingerie that M. demanded. But not long after, he
instructed me to get a small digital video camera and
start recording me and my husband having sex. My
husband was reluctant at first, but gave in after I
told him how much it would turn me on and how I would
do "anything" he wanted while we were taping. M. had
correctly predicted this speech would convince him.
After taping the first few sessions and emailing the
files off, I got back an email with a link and
password. Clicking on the link took me to a website
called "Slave - Slut - Wife".

Once I logged in with
the password I was greeted with close up shots of me
getting fucked doggy style by my husband. The page was
full of all the photos and videos I had been forced to
take of myself. An email the next day made it clear
that failure to obey instructions wouldn't just mean
jail, but also that this site would be made free to
the public and advertised on every porn site M. could
find. He made it clear that he would be adding to his
collection of embarrassing photos of me and I was
about to be "tested". He gave me my next assignment. I
was to take video of myself in garter belt and
stockings, down on all fours, getting fucked up the
ass for the first time. He specified that there should
be audio and that I should be clearly heard begging
for my husband's cock to be shoved up my ass.

My husband was a little surprised at my request
that night. But it took him less convincing than I had
expected. My loud begging for his cock mixed with my
whimpers of pain, moans of pleasure, and the slurping
sounds of my well-lubed ass as he took my last virgin
hole.

My training tonight was giving my mouth a rest but
working my other holes. M. had said that all women
should train their pussy and ass to stay tight for
their men. I walked slowly and carefully as I did my
evening chores. I was naked from the waist down making
it easy to see the two large orange dildos between my
legs. Each was about 2 feet long so most of the shaft
dangled between my thighs. They were smooth and
untapered, so I had to keep my pussy and ass
contracted to keep them from sliding out of my slick
holes. Despite my best efforts, every once and a while
the shafts would slide out of me and drop on the floor
with an obscene plop. Unfortunately, I couldn't just
reach down to slide them back in. The short chains
that ran from my wrists to my collar meant I couldn't
reach anything below my belly button. When the plugs
fell on the floor I had to carefully get down on my
knees and bend forward until I could pick up the
slippery shaft.

This maneuver usually caused the other
shaft to slip from its warm hole as well. I padded
back to the study where my husband was reading. First
he would punish me for disturbing him. I turned and
bent over so he could give me five firm slaps on each
ass cheek. He was being gentle, but by the third time
we had gone through this my ass was on fire. I turned
to face him. Since we couldn't risk damaging the ass
and pussy he loved to use so much, I couldn't shove
something dirty in there. That meant the dildos had to
be cleaned. I took each one deep into my mouth to suck
of the bitter mix of lube, my juices, and dirt from
the floor.

As instructed, I stared into the camera he
had turned on when I walked in; sucking the long
orange shafts like they were lovers. Now clean, my
husband re-greased the two plugs and slid them back
into their waiting holes. Grunting, I gripped as tight
as I could with my stretched pussy and ass. I walked
slowly from the room, praying I could avoid another
spanking and cleaning session before the night was
over.

At first, I had been the driving force in changing our
marriage into a relationship between master and slave.
Each time I proposed some new humiliation, he would
protest that he loved me and didn't want to hurt me.
Often I had to beg and plead with him to convince him
to take my tasks to the next level. Of course, all of
these conversations were taped. One of the worst that
was posted on my website was the one where I begged
for my husband to whip my tits because I had allowed
some of his cum to drip out of my ass, staining the
carpet. It wasn't many months though before my
husband's reluctance faded and he became more
enthusiastic of each new request. Within a year, he
was the one usually coming up with the new ideas for
training and punishment. Each time he came up with a
new humiliation, we would tape him describing it and
my reaction. That way it was well documented how
"enthusiastically" I agreed to his suggestion and how
I routinely begged to be subjected to each new horror.

The next package I received from M contained hundreds
of pages of legal documents and it took me several
hours to completely understand what he had sent. He
had drawn papers for a complex legal arrangement for
me and my husband to enter in to. It created a
corporation of which my husband was sole owner and CEO
and with me as its only employee. All of our assets,
including our home and savings, would be transferred
to the corporation. My employment agreement with the
corporation included rents and fees I would have to
pay to stay in my house, eat food, and serve the
company. Combined, they far exceeded my salary. It
stated that I could owe the company the unpaid
balance, but that repayment would be due immediately
if I ever left or was fired from the company. In
short, even though we would still be married, my
husband would have complete control and ownership of
everything we owned and every dollar I ever made. He
could "fire" me at any time, for any reason, and I
would owe him thousands of dollars. If we divorced, I
left without even the clothes on my back. In addition,
the contracts contained a power of attorney which gave
my husband the right to act as my legal guardian, sign
papers on my behalf, make all legal decisions for me,
and declared me "incompetent".

Once signed, I would
officially be a child, with no rights, no property,
and no control over my own life.
I found a lawyer in a nearby city to review the
documents. After some weird looks and a brief speech
about how I would be crazy to ever sign these, he
confirmed that it was all legal and would hold up in
court. He stated the only way to challenge them would
be to show I was coerced into signing. And I knew the
only way to prove that was to reveal my theft scheme
and face prison. M's letter spelled out exactly how I
was to present this to my husband.
That Friday I asked my husband if I could be relieved
of my normal duties for the next day because I had
something important I wanted to discuss with him.

After making him breakfast the next morning, I set up
the video camera and got ready. I stripped down and
kneeled in front of the camera alone to make the
speech I had had to memorize from M's letter. I went
on for about 15 minutes about how I had come up with
the idea of turning myself into a slave, how much I
loved serving my husband, and how I now wanted to
complete my transformation. I went through the details
of the legal agreement we would sign and described why
I thought each part was important. Knowing what would
happen if M was unhappy with my performance, I put my
heart into it. Anyone watching this tape would be hard
pressed to believe I wasn't sincere.

With the camera still running, I greased and slid in a
thick butt plug with a small bell clipped to the end.
I clipped similar bells to each nipple and the three
kept up a steady tinkling as I went on with my
preparations. I wrapped a wide leather posture collar
around my neck and secured it with a lock. I ran a thin chain from the piercing in my septum, through a
d-ring in the collar, through my belly button ring,
and finally locked it to the thick ring in my clit.
The chain was a little short and forced me to keep my
head down to avoid pulling painfully on my nose or
clit. I locked two short chains from my nipple rings
to my collar, lifting my full tits and letting their
full weight stretch each nipple. I locked a 12 inch
hobble chain to the cuffs I placed around each ankle
and locked each wrist cuff to my belly ring so I could
only keep my hands together in front of me. I stood
stooped over in front of the camera - naked, chained,
and plugged - and announced that I was now going to
give myself completely to my husband.

I brought my husband into the room and kneeled before
him. Again I went through how much I wanted to
complete my transformation into a complete slave. I
said that I was no longer satisfied with the current
arrangement since my "obedience" to him was really
based on my choice. I said that I would only be truly
happy as an actual slave to him with no power or
control over my own life. Since slavery was not legal
I had devised a way to give him as much power over me
as was possible. I explained the legal documents that
sat on the table next to us and what it would mean
once we signed them.

Silence filled the room after my
long speech. He silently stared down at me. The
constant tinkling of the bells hooked to my body made
me realize that I was breathing deeply. I shifted
slightly to find a more comfortable position for the
butt plug and felt the slick spot on the floor where
my dripping pussy revealed my arousal. I realized that
M had done more than find a way to force me to turn
myself into my husband's slave. He had trained me to
like it, even to love it. He had turned my husband
from a kind and loving partner into a cruel and
demanding master. I realized that before me lay a
lifetime of pain and humiliation, that I could do
nothing to stop it.and that I was happy.
