---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Latex Sorceress
authors:
- Dollmaster
tags:
- F/m
- magic
- transform
- latex
- doll
- object
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2007-07-15 00:00:00
---

Marissa searched through the old bookstore, hoping she would find a marital
guide. Her marriage was in shambles. She had just found out her husband Don
had been cheating on her with his secretary. Marissa didn't want to admit it, but
secretly she knew she wasn't as pretty as that slut. Marissa loved Don, and she
didn't want to believe he had married her a year ago just because she gave good
head.

She couldn't find what she was looking for, and she headed for the door. She
was stopped by the store's owner, a hunched old woman covered in a black
shroud.

"I have what you are looking for, my child."

"Really? I didn't see it."

"You're eyes can deceive you...don't trust them."

She motioned for Marissa to follow her. They went to the back of the store, and
the old woman handed her a dusty book.

"This has everything you need to fix your problems."

Marissa looked down at it. It was very old, but she figured it couldn't hurt.

"How much?"

She smiled. "Consider it a gift, from one woman to another."

"Thank you so much."

Marissa smiled and raced back to her apartment. She plopped on her bed and
began to read, trying to find a way to save her marriage. Her husband wouldn't
be home for several more hours, so she wouldn't be disturbed.

After a few hours of reading, Marissa sat up and rubbed her eyes. What sort of
book is this, she thought. Runes and lines of force? Incantations? She thought a
moment. Wait....this is a book of magic. She closed the book and started to cry.
How was a magic book going to help her with her marriage. The phone rang,
and the machine picked it up before she could get to it.

"Honey, it's me...work is going to keep me here all night. Sorry."

Yeah right, she thought. That slut is keeping you there all night. They're
probably going to fuck on the boss's desk. Her mind went back to the book.
Wait a minute...if I can learn to do it, I can magic Don back to me.

She ran back into her room and opened the magic book. She read more
thoroughly, and began to understand what she had to do.

\* \* \* \*

Marissa sat in the middle a secluded wood, surrounded by red and purple
candles, the book open in front of her. She was nude, as the book suggested she
be, the soft candlelight playing off her smooth skin. She wasn't as unattractive
as she thought she was, just not super-gorgeous. Her long hair was smooth and
shiny, and her skin was perfectly clear. Her body was well-proportioned, with a
layer of womanly fat in the right places. She was quite cute, but she didn't want
to be cute.

Marissa picked up the book and stood in the circle of candles She began to chant
in an alien language, and the air started to move around her. She got further
into the spell, and the air created a vortex around her, spinning leaves into the
air. She could feel the earth's power being drawn into her feet and legs. She
yelled the last of the spell over the whirling wind, and the magical power
exploded into her body. Marissa screamed with ecstasy as the energy filled her
and caused an orgasm.

Marissa woke up the next morning as the sun was coming up, naked and cold.
She found the book lying beside her and grabbed it. She went back to her car
and drove back into town, hoping no one would see her. She got back to her
apartment and sprinted inside. She shut the door and found her husband
standing naked staring blankly at the wall.

"Don?"

"Yes, Mistress..." he said rather monotonously.

She thought for a moment. Mistress?

"Get on your knees, Don."

He silently kneels in front of Marissa, awaiting her command. She noticed her
was only inches from her furry crotch. She smiled.

"Slave, lick my pussy."

His tongue reached out and grazed her flesh. She smiled and shuddered as
pleasure ripples up her spine.

"Keep going, slave...eat my pussy."

Don latched himself onto her sex, mouth pulsating wildly. Marissa's legs slowly
turned to jelly, and she lowered herself to the floor. Don positioned himself
between her legs and pressed his face into her sex, his only thought on making
her come. And she did with a great moan. She lied on the floor for a moment,
basking in the glow of her orgasm.

"Slave, go put on a catsuit and hood."

Don got up and silently did as he was told. A few minutes later, he returned a
glistening latex slave. The catsuit was her favorite. It had attached feet and
gloves and penis sheath. The hood covered his entire head except for his eyes,
and had short tubes in his nose. Marissa walked over and, with a big smile,
impaled herself on her slave's erect rubber cock. She rocked her hips back and
forth, and felt another orgasm building. She exploded, squeezing her slave's
cock tight with her muscles. Don's face was impassionate, like a doll's.

"Hmmm...now I what I am going to do with you, Don...you've been a bad boy
lately."

She ran her hands over his body, and the rubber seemed to become even
shinier, almost wet-looking. She pressed against his crotch, and felt it give ever
so slightly. Curious, she pressed again, and watched as part of Don's rubber
sheathed penis was absorbed into the rubber suit. She giggled and sculpted his
manly crotch into something smooth and featureless. She moved up to his face
and pushed his facial features into his head, creating a blank, black rubber
globe. She laughed at her husband's predicament, an androgynous, black rubber
statue.

"And now for the final touch."

Marissa walked around behind the black doll and placed herself firmly against
his backside. She reached around, and slowly pulled his body toward her. The
black rubber oozed around her body, forming a shiny coating. She pushed
Don's legs against her's, and the catsuit began to form around her body. She
smoothed the latex along her arms and breasts, leaving only her head uncoated.
She could feel her husband's rage as he became the catsuit. She silenced him and
absorbed his life-energy, leaving him a mindless slave catsuit. She pressed the
head to her face, and coated her head in rubber. She smoothed it over her face,
and the rubber became tighter and tighter, creating a perfect replica of her face.
She did the same with the rest of her body, causing the catsuit to shrink and hug
her form. Her nipples stood proudly out from her breasts, and the folds of her
sex were well defined. She finished with her feet, each toe perfectly separated in
shiny black latex. Marissa looked in the mirror and smiled with black rubber
lips. She looked shrink-wrapped in black latex.

"Hmmm....it need something."

She went into her room and grabbed her only pair of heels, and put them on.
The latex flowed around the 3-inch shoes, making them a seamless part of the
catsuit.

"Perfect."

Her hands went down to her crotch, and she began to caress it. The latex
shifted, forming a solid rubber dildo. The dildo grew into her wet pussy as she
fondled herself, and she felt herself getting weak in the knees again. She smiled
when she felt the dildo throb inside her, as if her husband's cock were trying to
come to life. She dropped to the floor and massaged her sex until she came,
thrashing around the living room. Marissa took a few moments to regain her
senses, then stood up and ran her finger down the middle of her back. The
catsuit came apart, starting at the top of her head and going down to the top of
her round butt. She reached up and pulled the hood from her head, and the
catsuit sort of slipped off her body into a pool of shiny latex on the floor. Not a
trace of sweat was inside the rubber. She stepped out of the suit and carefully
folded it and put it in her dresser, then called the police to report her husband
missing.

\* \* \* \*

After three months, the police declared Don dead. For all intents and purposes,
he was. He now only existed as a latex catsuit to pleasure Marissa. The life
insurance check came, and Marissa fell to her knees, crying. $6.2 million. I'll
never have to work again, she thought happily. She moved out of the apartment
and bought a condo, and began her new life as a latex sorceress.
