---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesad/boy_toy_to_older_women2.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Boy-toy to Older Women
authors:
- Sensual Robert
tags:
- F+/m
- bond
- chastity
- oral
- collar
- nc
- X
date: 2020-07-29 00:00:00
---

Continues from [part one](boy_toy_to_older_women.html)

### Part 2

I was released from the bed and allowed to leave, although my cock was still trapped in that small, pink chastity device and the unattractive, older woman, Anne had the key. Barbara told me I was their sex toy, their boy-toy and that I now belong to them. I begged them to release my cock but Anne told me "No! We don't want you fucking any other young sluts. That cock belongs to us now." Barbara then slapped my ass and told me to go home and show up at her place next weekend for a special party. If I don't show up the embarrassing pictures would be released to my family.

I arrived at Barbara's address at 6 pm and I was scared about this special party. Barbara was dressed in a tight, black skirt, an elegant pink, silk, bow blouse and sexy, black, high-heeled boots. My cock was getting hard in the chastity device as I stared at her sexy outfit! Then the overweight woman Sally grabbed me by my belt and led me into a room. She instructed me to get naked and put on the attire laying on the bed. Sally quickly kissed me and told me that she could not wait to use me as a sex-toy later!

I got naked and looked at my attire for the party, a bow tie, the sissy white satin apron and black boots with a 4 inch heel. I looked like a Chip N Dale performer with the bow tie and bare chested. The satin apron covered my chastity device and it was hard to walk in the high heeled boots. I walked into the kitchen feeling embarrassed and exposed. Barbara gave me a tray and told me that I would be the sexy waiter at their party and I would serve snacks and drinks to her guests.

I walked into the living room wearing the pretty satin apron and bow tie as all the older women stopped talking and were now staring at me. There were at least 15 women there and I recognized two of them! Carol was my nanny when I was a kid and Samantha was my 2nd grade teacher. There were only 2 or 3 women that were somewhat attractive, the rest were unattractive, very elderly and overweight.

I approached one older lady who was wearing a see through ruffle blouse and I can see her sagging tits.

"Would you like a snack or a drink?"

She said, "I want you as a treat!"

Before I can say anything my former nanny Carol grabs my arm.

"Let's get a look at you...my, my, aren't you a sexy little thing!"

"Please Carol, help me escape from these crazy women! They are forcing me to be their boy-toy."

She ignores me and lifts up my pretty satin apron and checks out my trapped cock.

Carol said, "Soon you will be my boy-toy!"

As the party continues I am groped, fondled, teased, kissed, and stared at.

Later in the evening Barbara approaches me and makes an announcement. Anne comes up behind me, removes my bow tie and replaces it with a metal slave collar that gets locked on.

Barbara says, "Throughout this house there are 2 leashes, find them and you can attach your leash to the boy-toy’s collar and take him into the bathroom!"

Suddenly there is a mad search for the leashes as I stand and try to plead with Barbara but Anne quickly kisses me and fondles my balls.

"Don't worry sexy, soon your cock will be free...for the orgy!" Oh shit! An orgy with 15 unattractive, overweight women!

Then Samantha, my older, unattractive 2nd grade teacher, attaches the leash to my collar and drags me by the leash into the bedroom! All the women are watching and chanting, "Lick her pussy!"

I’m forced to follow Samantha like a pet into the bathroom. She lifts her skirt, pulls down her large panties and orders me to lick! I lick and eat her old pussy as my own cock gets hard in the chastity device. After 10 minutes I am released but only to be leashed again by another older woman and the bathroom ordeal continues.

Barbara then grabs my leash and makes another announcement, "The orgy will begin soon after we tie our boy-toy to the bed." I decide to risk it and make a run for escape, but a very large amazon-type woman stops me, picks me up easily and carries me into the bedroom. She sits on me as the other women spread eagle me and tie me down to the bed. Anne unlocks my chastity device, takes my hard cock and gives me an unwanted blowjob. I cum hard into Anne's mouth and she says, "You are now ready for your first customers!"

Samantha grabs my now over sensitive cock and begins to torture it by sucking it. Another woman forces her old pussy in front of my face as I taste her disgusting pussy. Throughout the night the women bite me, kiss me, force their tongues into my mouth, slap my balls, ride my hard cock and offer money for me. After 3 hours of ordeal my chastity device is placed back on and I am free for the time being.

Barbara says, "We will be calling you soon. Some women wanted to buy you as their own personal sex toy. We will consider the offer. Who knows you might end up being owned by that large amazon woman!"

Continues in [part three](https://grometsplaza.net/world/tg/storiesad/boy_toy_to_older_women3.html)
