---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: It's Good To Be The Queen
authors:
- bentbliss
tags:
- MF/f+
- tg
- slave
- maid
- buttplug
- chastity
- oral
- collar
- mittens
- cell
- hum
- punishment
- shave
- gag
- depilate
- sex
- reluct
- XX
date: 2025-01-25 00:00:00
---

### Part 4: Coup

Carol was vacuuming the floor of one of her clients as she had been for a while since coming back to her Queen. She was wearing her traditional pink and white maid uniform. Her white stocking tops barely reached the petticoats under her skirt. Her pink ballet boots were locked on and had become a permanent part of all the maids' uniforms. Her wrists and ankles were locked in leather cuffs with eight-inch chains in between.

While serving her Queen made Carol happy, many of the changes didn’t make her happy. She knew early on in her return this was going to happen but now that she had been doing it for a while, she nearly dreaded it. Nearly. At least she would go back to serving Mistress Kelly on her non-client work time. She was always at work as serving others was literally not a job but her place in life now. She had willingly, no, begged to be what she was now. She just didn’t expect things to turn out this way exactly. She thought she would serve Queen Beth and the other maidens only.

No, that was happening less and less. Other than her Mistress, Carol spent more time with men each and everyday. Whether it was in the gloryhole at the adult store he still was required to work multiple times a week or the maid service he was currently at. Most of them were sleazy men looking to use Carol or any other maid they paid for. Worst was Carol was required to service them in any way they desired and still perform her maid duties. Most just did the basics of wanting oral and/or anal, but a few including the occasional women he was sent to were far more devious and often rougher much to Carol's chagrin.

Speaking of sleazy men, Carol watched as old man Johnson entered, and she had become accustomed to his desires. Old man Johnson was Carol's main repeat customer. If it wasn’t for him trying Kelly a couple times, and the fact he couldn't afford Jen’s fees, Carol had become his personal maid a couple times a week. Even with new additions to the maid pool, he only chose Carol now. At the very least when compared to the other clients Carol had had, old man Johnson was a breeze to handle and deal with.

Old man Johnson leered at Carol who returned a flirty smile as she continued her vacuuming. Carol had learned her lesson the hard way about bad reviews. She was used to old man Johnson and how to manipulate him and ensure she received excellent reviews to avoid punishment.

That is why she took the opportunity to turn and bend over like she was picking something off the ground. The skirt and petticoats were short when standing straight, bent over her ass was mostly exposed. He got a chance to see the pink jeweled end of her large buttplug and glimpses of her caged clitty. Despite the initial sadness and the reality that his fantasy truly became reality, Carol knew she was truly Carol now. There was no going back. The amount of hormones going through her body was exasperated by the sensitivity of his chest. Her corset cups had been slowly and steadily filling out more. Eventually she might have enough to flash a little cleavage to the disgusting men.

One advantage to serving old man Johnson, who wanted her to address them as Master or Sir, was that he had no stamina, and his dick was small. She still struggled at times with larger cocks, but those she mostly dealt with in the gloryhole. Most of her clients so far were considered average at best, though thankfully most were on the smaller end. Then again Carol didn’t get the high end, more attractive clientele like Jen and the newer maids. Maybe it was her less feminine state or the fact she didn’t have a pussy to fuck as clients could pay to have the maid's chastity removed while they were working for the client. Carol didn’t get that option as removal of her cage wasn’t even an option except for her Queen and Mistress which would only happen during maintenance.

Carol finished her vacuuming and made her way over to the still leering man sitting in his recliner. Dropping into her well practiced curtsy, Carol asked, “How may I serve you, Master?”

His answer was his normal which in most ways made things easier as there was no guesswork. Dropping to her knees in between his legs, she went to fish out his small dick. Working to loosen his belt and unbutton his pants was becoming a thoughtless process. She kept a smile on her pink glittery lips as she kept her eyes on him. This wasn’t for enjoyment, but to play the game to get the results she needed.

As per usual his limp dick was exposed, and her real work began. His size was laughable. His impotence was the real issue and what Carol needed to overcome. She had failed more often than not in the beginning and endured the punishment of her failures when she returned home. Now she had experience working on subtle things to improve her chances.

“I expected you to be ready to ravish my ass finally, Master. Looks like I got my work cut out for me to prepare you once again,” Carol said as she wiggled her ass getting him staring at her skirt and petticoats as they shifted. “You know I am looking forward to the day you claim me just as much as you.”

Carol kissed the tip of his tiny flaccid penis while bringing her hands to play with his small balls. Time to work her magic, literally. This was no easy feat to get him up. Her saving grace is once it is almost the way up, he quickly expels and is spent. Thankfully it was one of those days where it all happened quickly enough, and her ass was saved once again, not that she would have noticed him with his size insignificant to the plug she constantly wore. He really didn’t have much as Carol swallowed what was there and cleaned him up.

Carol reclined the chair and unfolded a blanket to tuck him in before asking, “Is there anything else you need or want before you take your nap while I finish my chores?”

“What I want is for you to be mine permanently. I could use a full-time maid to care for me and be my bed warmer. That isn't in the cards for now, but it is my desire. Don’t think I don’t see through your plans. I will own and use your ass eventually.”

His eyes were already closed as Carol smiled. She didn’t think she would have to worry about that. It used to give her a little shudder when she thought about it, but she didn’t fear the possibility anymore. Instead, she went back to finishing her chores so she could get back to her Mistress and if she was lucky, she would attend to her Queen for a change.

---

Kelly always knew her duties would be changing and at the very least getting busier if not harder. She accepted being the head peasant and in charge of the others and ensuring things ran properly. She was even excited about the control over Carol and was adjusting to punishing her for her mistakes and inadequacies. She still didn’t like it, though she pretended to for Carol's and her Queen's benefit. It was also for her benefit, but she still struggled with the emotions of it. She was doing her queen's bidding and serving her as she was required and always wanted after the first time she was left tied up and forced to endure those seemingly endless orgasms.

Things were easier when it was just the four of them with Jen included, but that number was steadily increasing with the new peasants being brought in to be trained and serve as maids for the new business. She was thankful to still have pretty much full control of Carol as she always had a reason to see her daily. Jen was still a pain in the ass, but they worked out if she behaved and did what she needed with no issues, she got to help punish Carol. This took some of the burden off of Kelly's feelings about punishing Carol though there were days when she was frustrated enough to be more than glad to have the outlet herself.

When she first started out in her new role as head peasant, things were great. Carol was back and she got more time with her. She wasn’t thrilled with her training to please men, but that was her duty now for better or worse. Mainly she was excited and happy to spend more time serving her Queen directly. While she shared her duties with the others, she still got more time bathing, dressing, cooking, and orally pleasuring her Queen. She wasn’t a huge fan of all the cream pies she was required to eat from both holes of her highness. But since the other two had many other responsibilities that took them away from the mansion, she got more time with the Queen. Though much to Kelly's frustration that was becoming significantly less. She didn’t like the man, but their King was around more and inserting his will more. Kelly was witness to the changes and the secrets that were becoming more prevalent but was helpless to do anything about it. She was expected to serve him like the Queen even though that wasn’t entirely true. He had exceeded her in power and command. They all served his whims now when he wasn’t busy with her.

---

Beth found herself naked in one of the cells in the dungeon. She had put many in here before over the years, but now it was her who spent the most time at least in this one. She had regretted sitting on the ultra short toilet, but she really needed to go. The reasoning for her regret was simple, it was incredibly hard to get up from in her current state. The six-inch heels strapped to her feet already made this tougher. Her obesity and lack of exercise was something she was further regretting as it interfered with her standing up. Not being able to use her hands and arms properly made it infinitely more difficult.

She was being punished for touching herself without permission. Beth wasn’t the greatest at self control and her nympho-like sex drive was its own blessing and a curse. Her King now dictated her well… everything. It wasn’t supposed to be like this. As much as she had time to contemplate it, she knew she messed up. Though she still had hope to get out of this eventually.

Her mittened hands pulled on the metal collar around her neck as she tried to stand. The mittens were connected to the collar ensuring she couldn't lower her hands to touch herself again. Even now she was desperate to do just that as she tried to focus on getting off the toilet. She tried leaning back to get her shoulders against the wall behind her. The floor was slicker than she liked, especially in her heels. This made things more precarious as she worked to get her feet further under her. The back of her shoulders scraped against the wall as she pushed up with her legs. She could feel the small abrasions she caused herself as she slid further up the wall until she was solidly standing over the toilet. Catching her breath from the exertion and the pain, Beth was even more frustrated knowing she couldn't wipe herself down there. It was something she had no choice but to live with.

She looked around in her current prison. Most of the amenities and comforts had been removed. Besides the metal toilet, she only had the metal frame to the bed. The mattress and all the coverings removed. The desk and chair along with literally anything not connected to the floor were gone. The walls were not truly made of stone, but the outer layer had a stone finish. The scrapes on her back were indicative of semi-rough texture. The floor was much smoother than the walls and with her heels, it could be slick to walk on if she wasn’t paying attention. There was a very dim light overhead which barely lit half her cell. It was a very drab and dark setting. The bars on one side of the cell which included her door were hard to see as all the lights in the dungeon were currently off.

She was alone and had been since early this morning when Kelly brought her breakfast. They knew better than to talk for fear of further punishment. Beth ate from the dog bowl much like she had made Carol and eventually the other peasants eat. Kelly had taken the bowl after she was finished with whatever she was doing down there. She wasn’t even finished eating, but this was in line with how she ran things before. She would need to learn to eat faster. Part of her breakfast still covered her face, and she was quite hungry, wondering when lunch would be.

Her mind still ran through how she got here as she sat on the metal bed frame. She should have known better after their first date. He took advantage and bound her without permission. Despite being upset and not wanting to see him again, she couldn’t get out of her mind how he fucked her pussy and ass into submission. Those glorious orgasms. It was her apparent weakness as she knew she had to feel them again. She knew the cost initially, but she couldn’t stop as she fell down the rabbit hole, deeper in submission to his control. Having Kelly release her, and lick clean all of his thick musky cum was also a driving force behind her fall. It wasn’t Kelly's fault as she obeyed as all peasants should. No, Beth let things go too far. The more her king kept her bound and slowly stripped her power over time. She was still technically the Queen, but reality was she was a prisoner now as she spent most of her time in the dungeon. She knew more was going on up above, but she was removed from the daily workings of the mansion. Worse, she knew she was likely being replaced by **her** in her bedroom. Fucking blonde bitch, she wanted to scream out.

---

Jen was on her way home from her office job. This was her last day there, all the attention on her, even a party. She was quite pleased as her life was looking up. If all things went well, she would finally get what she wanted.

Kelly met her at the door when she got home, greeting her with a curtsy, “Dinner will be ready shortly, milady.”

“Where is he?”

Kelly responded and Jen dismissively ignored her as she sought out their King.

Being in the bedroom made it easier on Jen. She had no issues using her looks and her body to get what she wanted. She had been manipulating the man since she had first met him. She was willing to do anything to steal him from Beth and punish her for what she did to her. While it had started weeks ago, it was supposed to be official tonight.

Entering the bedroom door, she was shredding off her work suit. She had caught his attention when she entered. By the time she was in her lingerie, he was all hers. She hopped on the bed as he followed. She still wasn’t used to his size fully, but she didn’t care. She was excited and horny, looking to get both of them ready.

He tore her panties off, which was something she was learning to love. Pressing the tip of his cock against her waiting slit, she asked, “Is everything ready for tonight?”

He didn’t respond initially as he pushed in causing her to gasp. He was still too big, and he hadn't ruined her pussy as it seemed difficult to get in each time he entered her. She only let him in her ass when she really needed something because it stretched her out and was painful for days. She definitely didn’t walk right after. Well, she really didn’t walk right after he fucked either hole. Deepthroating him was still an absolute nightmare, but it was better than in her rear. She had no doubts he enjoyed her gurgles when she tried to take him deep in her mouth or the screams when he ripped apart her ass, in her mind. Thankfully he was a big fan of her pussy. It was her desired hole to be filled and one day she would get used to it.

She remembered the first time he unlocked her belt the swine had forced her to wear. Thankfully it wasn’t long compared to the others but still a couple weeks. Now she was free, and she wasn’t going back into the belt unlike that swine. She had more important things to do at the moment, namely getting impaled by her king.

He eventually answered her as he pushed deeper into her, “All of the maidens will be here after dinner and everything else is here.”

---

Carol's walk home may have been only from next door, but her ballet boots precluded her from cutting across either lawn even if she was given permission. The chain connecting to her ankles cuffs also slowed her down and made climbing up and down steps harder. Both estates had large and long front yards. The bigger cruelty was the paths from the residence to the street were anything but straight. The use of the driveways was also forbidden ensuring Carol was required to take the longest path possible between the two residences. Her uniform and restraints were typical wear for her, but she never really enjoyed being in public wearing them. While she was mostly at risk of being seen when walking on the sidewalk in view of the street, there have been plenty of occasions she caught a passerby's attention. Humiliation was one of her specific kinks she begged from her Queen though she wanted it in more private settings. There was little she could do but hope no one notices or cares to make a scene about the pink and white French maid bound and walking the neighborhood in ballet boots.

As Carol reached the outer gate of the Johnson residence, she noticed a broom with a note attached. She wanted to groan, but didn’t know if anyone was watching her. The note was just as she feared with her name on it. She needed to sweep the sidewalk and the walkway up to the door. Her chances of escaping notice significantly dropped, and it meant they were having guests. Worst part was there was no one to keep the walkway and sidewalk clear even after she swept it. The trees would continue to drop leaves, and the light breeze would stir up other things, meaning she was likely to be punished. That didn’t count the chores she needed to get to before dinner.

---

Beth found herself in darkness as the dim bulb burnt out some time ago. She couldn’t tell how much time passed other than her hunger steadily increasing. She was sure it was well past lunchtime by now. She was left to her thoughts as there was little else to do. One thing she regretted was foolishly signing over the rights to him as the ultimate authority over what happened in the mansion including her. That stupid moment of weakness she has continually paid for.

She let out a small cry as her eyes hurt while adjusting from the light coming through the bars that just turned on. Her eyes were adjusting and trying to focus still as two bodies stepped in front of her cell. Before she could figure out much, one of them was inside and hauling her to her feet.

As she was being walked out, Jen spoke as they passed her by just outside the cell, “She is disgusting and such a pig. Hang her from the ceiling.”

“As you wish, your highness,” responded Carmen. She was one of the new peasant maids added to the pool for clients. While some were part timers, Carmen was one who had nothing and was desperate to get off the streets. She wasn’t an image of beauty in any form, but she was mentally sharp and capable of performing her duties. Now she had a home and a job serving the mansion and its other interests. That just left her like Carol and what should have been Jen.

Beth’s mittened hands were held over her head to a chain from the ceiling. She stood on her toes that were crammed into the dastardly shoes. Her extra weight offered her no favors and the pressure on her arms when trying to alleviate the pain in her toes quickly seemed worse. She was now regretting her decision to force the peasants to wear them as part of their uniform. Then again, she had never imagined herself in this position.

Jen was now in front of her with a snarl on her face. The woman is considered quite beautiful with her long blonde hair and her well-proportioned body. Her large breasts and ample ass with her corset trained slim waist. Her legs were long for height while carrying some tone that didn’t rival Kelly but was more than pleasant to look at. She was the prom queen in high school, and now she was going to become a queen. No more being beneath others other than her King, but she knew how to manipulate him into getting what she wanted.

“You truly are disgusting, swine. I am going to further show it to everyone. Your new, deserved place in my kingdom is that of an animal, but you will suffer as a peasant as well. I am not as weak or pathetic as you as you shall soon find out,” Jen said as she grabbed a lock of Beth's hair. “Other than this, I don’t see what those two useless idiots saw in you. But that won’t be an issue much longer.”

Beth went to speak, but Jen slapped her hard, “Don’t you dare speak without permission from your new Queen, swine. You will find my patience and mercy are non-existent.”

Beth had done much worse for less. She was already struggling from her treatment lately, leaving less will to fight. Fighting it would only make things worse. She knew Jen was out for blood, and there was nothing she could do right now.

Carmen handed Jen an electric shaver. With an evil grin, Jen turned it on and brought it up to Beth's scalp. Tears immediately formed in Beth's eyes as her long red hair was removed. She watched as long clumps were pulled in front of her and dropped to the floor. Jen had no intention to make it easy or comfortable. She pulled and jerked her head as she shaved Beth's head.

Her head was not the only target of Beth's body. She felt the shaver against her pubic region. It took everything not to burst out crying so far for Beth. Jen was cruelly removing some of what Beth prided herself on. The worst part was she would and had done similar things to others. The tears started to flow as she felt her well maintained patch removed from her, taking away more of her identity.

Jen finished and commanded Carmen, “Use the cream on her whole body.”

Jen went and took her place upon the throne and watched her former queen's fall continue. Soon Beth would be hairless and further humiliated and punished. It excited Jen just as much as officially becoming the queen. Things were about to change, and she would get her way.

Upstairs, Carol met Kelly working frantically, “What's going on, Mistress?”

“We have guests and other things tonight. Perfection is expected more than usual. We don’t want any mistakes or mess ups. That is all you need to know. Now you take over making dinner. I have more to do then there is time for.”

“I can help, Mistress.”

“You are by making dinner and ensuring it is the best one ever,” Kelly said as she left Carol and the kitchen.

Kelly gave instructions to a couple more maids as she headed upstairs. While she was better than everyone else in the ballet boots, walking upstairs was still difficult and more painful the further into the day it went. She reached the door to the royal bedroom suite and knocked before entering.

After her curtsy, she noticed her king was on the bed naked as she entered. He smiled at her as she tried to keep a straight face to disguise her disgust.

“You will run me a bath after your mouth cleans me,” he said while holding his slimy, semi-erect cock.

“As you please, your majesty,” Kelly responded. Internally she was screaming. He was setting her up to fail along with torturing her as he knew full well how much Kelly wasn't into men or sucking cock, especially with the wannabe queen's juices covering it. In the past she didn’t mind Jen's taste. Since he freed Jen and made her his main lover, she has become a royal bitch. She had always been bitchy and looking down on everyone, but most of the maidens did as well.

Kelly slithered her way onto the bed and in between his legs and gripped the slimy flesh in her hand. No matter her feelings, she had a job and her role to play. She knew she was not as attractive as the others. Even Carol was special and had more to offer even with her own disadvantages.

Looking up into his eyes, Kelly stuck her tongue out and licked his ball sack.

“I should make you the official royal cock cleaner,” he goaded her.

It took everything not to roll her eyes. “*How dumb is this guy,”* she thought to herself. “*His dick is in my hand with my mouth right there. He should fear what I can do to him. One day I will stop being weak and end this farce.”*

Her mouth reached the tip and struggled to engulf his girth. She continued to think to herself, “*Not only does he know I hate this, but he is also keeping me from getting everything done. The bitch is going to punish me, and she won’t care about the reasoning. They are playing games, and my choices are virtually none. I need to get this over quickly and get back to making things perfect.*”

Beth’s body burned. The chemicals were doing their job inside her pores even with the original stuff sprayed off of her. She didn’t doubt that she looked like a lobster. She knew her hair would never grow back like before. With enough applications, she will be permanently hairless. Her life has truly changed, and it is doubtful this is the last change of the night, much less the future.

“Get her belt and the rest of her outfit,” she commanded Carmen again. Her attention was back on Beth, “Time for the rest of your transformation this evening before the big announcement.”

Beth grunted as the waistband to the chastity belt encircled her tightly. It dug into her skin much to the delight of her tormentor. The metal crotch band was even tighter. If the finality of the click of the lock wasn’t enough to cement her fears, the words immediately after were.

“Your whorish cunt will never touch my man again. Ideally your cunt will never be touched again. What better way to cure your pathetic nympho-like tendencies. It's tempting to just get it all removed and sealed up. But for now, I want to leave it all there and out of reach. I want to see you squirm and beg. I want you to have hope that one day I will be merciful,” Jen smirked as she added, “just like you were.”

Beth went to speak but Jen harshly slapped Beth’s breasts causing her to squeal.

“I don’t want any excuses or anything from you other than for you to obey and squeal like the pig you are in response to being questioned or ordered to do something. After all, that will be what you are tonight and likely the foreseeable future, swine. A fat piggy squealing to please the humanity around you as your humiliation is just starting.”

Beth soon found out Jen wasn’t exaggerating. The harness placed on her head gave her floppy pig ears with a gag that stretched her mouth wide with a thin opening along the width as her lips pressed against the gag. Hooks pulled up her nose forcing it to scrunch. A thick metal collar engulfed her neck helping keep the head harness secure and nonremovable. Her hands were forced into something resembling a pig's feet and leaving her fingers and thumbs useless inside. The ballet boots were placed on her feet with her lower legs folded at the knees and bound to her upper legs. Her buttplug was replaced with one that resembled a pig's tail attached to her ass.

Carmen attached a chain from the wall to Beth’s collar as Jen said, “Get used to moving like an animal and practice your squealing. After dinner, you will be part of the entertainment. If you want any chance at eating, you had best please me, Piggy. That is your name now and who you are. I'm looking forward to announcing it to everyone and showing off my newest livestock.”

Jen, followed by Carmen, left the dungeon and Beth in darkness. Beth wanted to cry, but also couldn't forget Jen's words. They didn’t feed her lunch, and she was quite hungry. She had no doubts that Jen would hold back her food tonight as well. This night was about power, and Beth’s humiliation would be at the forefront. Jen wasn’t dumb and was clearly vindictive. Beth had probably lost any chance to escape or regain control. She had to keep trying. If it went on much longer, her fate would be in greater danger than anything Jen or Derrick did. They have no idea who or what held the true power. It was Beth who was in charge of this area and her failure… Beth didn’t want to think about that now.

Carol knew she wouldn’t have dinner ready in time. The interruptions that she and Kelly received left them destined to fail. His loveable and usually upbeat Mistress was tense and frustrated. It hurt Carol to watch, but she was in no position to do anything beyond what she was told. While Carol had heard the rumors, she hoped they weren't real. But this evening seemed to be leading to the boiling point, and she had no idea what the future held.

Kelly finished her responsibilities with his highness. Her throat still spasmed and she wanted to retch. Her time was gone as she was summoned by the royal bitch, once again preventing her from her duties. This night was a nightmare, and the worst was yet to come.

Kelly knocked before entering the room Jen was in. Multiple maids, including Carmen, were fitting Jen in her dress. Kelly curtsied and asked, “How may I serve you milady?”

Jen turned towards Kelly. The arrogance covered her face. Hatred and narcissism filled her eyes. She was above them, truly and completely. *Tonight, will make it official*, she thought briefly to herself.

“That will be the last time you address me like a commoner. That is why you were called here. You will be announcing me as I take my rightful place. This is what I expect…”

---

Kelly was horrified by how much wasn’t ready. Many of the maids were scrambling to finish what they could. Problem was, the guests and King were ready. In moments her part was due no matter how much she dreaded it. A reckoning was coming when this was all over, and Kelly deeply feared it. She wanted to serve Queen Beth and had taken to being Carol's Mistress. This was becoming something much worse, and she couldn’t escape even if she had the courage to do so.

The music cut off and everyone went quiet, it was time to play her part in this farce.

“Your highness and ladies. We are here as a celebration of the ascension of one of our truly esteemed into something more and greater than us. She is blessed in every way. Her sight brings envy and desire to grace her immaculate presence for those of us beneath her… It is my greatest pleasure to announce the start of the coronation ceremony of a divine beauty for us all to witness.”

Jen made her entrance from the top of the stairs. All eyes were on her as they should be. Her dress was a mix of being regal while being sexy. The dress enhanced her figure showing off her lovely curves. Her breasts looked significantly larger than normal which already were DDs. She was clearly not wearing a bra as her nipples pushed out against the tight fabric wrapping that section.

Each step down the stairs highlighted a leg as they flashed her purple stockings. Some would even call them regal purple. Her high heels were in contrast to the stockings and matched the dress in its gold color. A gold choker with purple gems encircled her neck. Her hands and arms past her elbows were encased in gloves that once again could be considered regal purple. Her hair and makeup added to the look and screamed look at me.

Kelly thought to herself, "*She looks like she is shooting the intro to a point scene or she's a peacock strutting around looking for cock." Yeah, personality is a mixture of a peacock, a viper, and a badger, maybe a bit of trash panda thrown in.* Kelly failed to stop her snicker at the final thought. All attention turned to her. Worse was the daggers Jen was staring at her; she knew she was fucked. She just didn’t know how literally yet.

Kelly wisely dropped her head as she turned red until the attention was back on Jen. King Derrick met her at the bottom of the stairs and helped her down the last step. Moments later he crowned Jen and Kelly made that last part of the announcement.

“It's been an honor and a privilege for all of us to have witnessed this ultimate event. Her ascension is complete. We now will show our gratitude for our new ruler, the Glorious Gift, Queen Jenna.”

Kelly curtsied her new Queen while bowing her head. She wasn’t aware of the movement until the last second when a hand struck her face. This caused her to lose balance and hit the floor. Kelly let out a cry through her shock at what happened.

“You dare interrupt my moment, you selfish peasant. You will pay for this transgression and your other failures tonight, just later. For now, my loyal subjects wish to grace and congratulate me. You will get back to your duties and get them properly accomplished,” Jen was sneering between her seething. “You have made a grave mistake, and you will become one of the many examples tonight. I am no pushover and will not allow rebellion. Now get back to work.”

Kelly got up as quickly as she could while wearing the difficult boots. She scampered away as quickly as possible, noticing Jen's tone change as her attention turned to everyone else. She reached the kitchen where Carol was there to console her. That didn’t last long as they had much to do including finishing and serving dinner to the royal couple and guests.

---

Beth was crying in the darkness at her predicament. She expected things were about to get worse this evening. So when the lights of the dungeon flickered on, temporarily blinding her, she heard the click of heels descending the steps. “This is it,” she softly sniffled.

Carmen stood in front of her unlocking the chain and attaching a leash to the collar. She was soon led up the stairs. Unfortunately she had no padding for her knees on the hard surfaces. On top of that, the pigs feet covering her hands were awkward as she wasn’t used to them. This bit of pain was nothing compared to the humiliation that awaited her. Her body was hairless and naked except the chastity belt, the restraints, the ballet boots, her pigs ears, tail, and feet, and her collar.

It was soundproof down here, so she had no idea what exactly awaited. She was merely an animal now. That would no doubt play a large role, leaving her further depressed. That didn’t even count the likelihood she would be shown off now to any guests, cementing her new role in life.

“Ah my pet has finally arrived. You were awfully slow and need to do better. I know you are fat, disgusting, and out of shape, but that isn't an excuse as you serve me now. I will let it go this one time but future infractions will be dealt with extremely, especially for you. Now squeal if you understand. Remember pigs don't talk because that is one of the worst offenses you can do. That will end with the removal of your tongue and your vocal cords removed. So squeal for me, Piggy.”

The look of hatred as they both stared at each other as she talked. Dressed like she was Queen Slut. There was little Beth could do but follow orders. Disobeying sounded like a recipe for disaster. She squealed for her owner, the Queen.

“Now you will squeal when responses are appropriate. And you will obey all commands. Peasant Kelly already got a small dose of what happens for disobeying. This is my celebration. My night. You should be thankful I am allowing you to experience my ascension. And yes, I want to thoroughly humiliate you. This is the first night of many. The first night of my reign. The changes will be swift for all. Now let's put on a show for the guests. After all, you are the entertainment now.”

The crawling was uncomfortable, but Jen showed no mercy yanking the leash trying to get Beth to move faster. Entering deeper into the mansion, brought Beth further shame especially as they entered the main area of the party. If her body still wasn’t red from the chemicals, it surely was now due to the embarrassment. The gasps, whispers, and shock from her former subjects was like a dagger sunk deep into her heart. This was only the beginning of her humiliation and she wanted to die already.

“Everyone meet Piggy, the royal pet. She will be here for your entertainment as well as earning her right to eat our scraps. After all, pigs will eat just about anything and surely we can put that to the test this evening. Now say hello, Piggy,” Jen said with a smile on her face, but her intent was clear.

Beth let out a squeal as it wasn’t time to consider defying her. Assuming there would ever be a time, Beth thought.

Carol was helping serve drinks and hors d'oeuvres to the guests. She was horrified when she saw Beth. A sense of rage settled deep within Carol. She loved Beth and wanted to serve her more than anything. This travesty of what the new Queen and King have done to her was more than Carol could take. She had looked at Beth dressed as a pig and being made to squeal. Her hair removal was equally horrible. How they taunted and played with the woman who was supposed to be in charge. They treated Beth no better than Carol and that was really the final straw.

As Carol stepped forward a hand grabbed her shoulder causing her to stop momentarily. She looked over at Carmen who's hand was on her shoulder. She didn’t know the maid well or any of the other new maids. She was constantly kept busy in service of others whether in the mansion or elsewhere. What breaks were usually reserved to pleasing her Mistress as of late.

Carmen then whispered in her ear, “Now is not the time. Upstaging her or defying her during her coronation will only end worse for you than it already will. Go see your Mistress in the kitchen while I cover for you out here.”

Carol wanted to say something, but Jen turned to look at him with utter hatred in her eyes.

Carol froze for a moment before turning to Carmen, “I will see what she needs.”

With a quick curtsy towards the room, Carol left to find Kelly. As much as he wanted to console his Mistress or be consoled, there was simply too much to do. Carol was sent upstairs to ensure the guest bedrooms were properly prepared and ready. She hadn't expected one of them to be occupied. Carol walked in on a couple having sex on the bed.

“Can't you see we are busy. Get the fuck out,” a familiar female voice shouted.

Carol quickly curtsied as she apologized, “Sorry for the interruption.”

Carol turned to leave, but the familiar voice spoke again, “It would be you, wouldn't it.”

Carol definitely wanted out now and tried to get out the door.

“Stop, maid. Get back here.”

Carol could see Roxi’s face looking around the larger body on top of her. She was on her back and with her legs folded towards her head. He was still pumping away at her. Carol noticed his girth and how it split her swollen, lower lips. Moments ago, Roxi was biting her lip to suppress her noises, but now an evil grin split her face.

“You still want some ass, big man? This trashy maid whore spends most of her time spitroasted with a cock deep down her throat and one up her formerly tight hole.” He muttered something Carol couldn’t understand. Roxi quickly responded, “It’s fine, she will finish me with her mouth while you pound her fuck hole covered in my juices. It will be a treat for all of us.”

Carol knew better than to argue and found herself leaning over the bed. Her mouth getting its first taste of Roxi today and the aroma of her well fucked pussy blasted her senses and filled her lungs. Her butt plug was forcefully being removed as she started.

She started to cry out as he entered her from behind due to his size. Only King Derrick had been that big as far as what she has taken if you don’t count the monster sized strap-ons Roxi has used on her. Her cry was cut short as Roxi’s hands gripped the back of her head and forced her face deep into the hot and wet pussy.

---

Dinner came far too soon and it was a disaster. Well a disaster if Kelly was to believe Queen Jen. Her tirade towards the servants, including Kelly, was off the charts. It didn’t help that Carol lost her balance while serving the Queen and dumped a boat full of gravy down the front of her. Her plunging dress made it easy for the warm liquid to cover her cleavage, but also slither its way between her oversized breasts. Oversized in Kelly's mind, but still not as overinflated as her ego. Kelly couldn’t be sure what happened was an accident, but there would be hell to pay.

Unfortunately that hell started with her. She along with a couple others servants she couldn’t afford to spare went with the Queen to clean her up and get her changed.

“You imbeciles continue to ruin my night. All of you will be gone soon enough. I will not put up with this incompetence…”

The rant was nonstop. Kelly was more worried about the others, instead of herself. What had been done to Beth was deplorable. She worried what would happen to others. Her biggest fear resided with what would happen to Carol. She was brought up enough during the rants. What happened at dinner was likely icing as she genuinely disliked Carol even when she was Carl. She hated the attention being on him/her. The worst part was Kelly had no idea how she would react when more was done to them. It was never a question of if, but when.

Carol knew this was the calm before the storm. She found herself underneath the table pleasuring the various guests in turn. She wasn’t sorry for what she did to Jen. The reckoning would be extreme, but she knew it would be anyway. Short of escaping, she was going to suffer no matter what. Watching what she had done to Beth, Carol knew the target would shift to her eventually. She wanted her form of revenge while she had a chance.

She couldn’t see well in the darkness under the table. A set of legs clamped against the side of her head when she got in between ready to pleasure the next guest. Her voice came to Carol from her seat at the table.

“It seems you can't get enough of me today. Don’t worry, soon I will be humiliating you daily. That is assuming she doesn’t murder you when she gets back. Now be a good peasant girl and pleasure me properly once again,” Roxi said.

Carol was far too focused on one part of the message and missed the subtext of the other part. While Carol feared death, she didn’t regret her choice. Jen had gone too far. Beth along with Kelly were her everything. This was not how things were supposed to happen. Carol didn’t doubt things would get much worse with Jen in power.

Carol had orally served half a dozen more under the table as the new Queen returned.

“Get that useless maid out here and string her up. It’s time she gets what she deserves.”

---

Kelly was in the crowd with everyone else watching what was to come. There was plenty of anticipation from everyone there. No one was sure what to expect other than the Queen was going to make a statement. For many, especially the peasants, they were glad the focus wasn’t on them.

Carol was hanging by her wrists, her legs tied to prevent her from kicking. Her maid dress, bra, and panties had been removed leaving her in stockings and high heels. Her small but growing breasts were on display along with her chastity cage. Her head leaned forward, sagging towards her chest. Her pink dyed hair hung past her face hiding the fear of what was to come.

Jen was wearing a blood red corset. Its symbolism wasn’t lost on anyone. That was assuming you got past the way it made her large breasts seem even larger with ample cleavage on display. Overall it helped enhance a figure many already would have killed to have.

A cruel smirk was plastered on Jen's face before she spoke, “While this peasant is due punishment, you will find I am a benevolent Queen.” Jen reached to grab Carol's chastity cage as she continued talking, “This one has been denied what she has wanted for so long. What my predecessor failed to give her.” Another maid came up to Jen carrying something on a pillow. There were gasps from the crowd when Jen removed the object. “The last vestiges of manhood will be removed and her life-long dream of becoming a woman will advance further.”

There was only a second or two as Jen pulled on the chastity and her other hand swung.

Kelly was instantly screaming as was many others including Carol. Not that Carol lasted long before she passed out. Jen proudly held up her trophy as Kelly tried to make her way towards Carol.

Unfortunately for Kelly, strong arms grabbed her and held her back. She could hear the squeals coming from Beth as well, but couldn't see her. This nightmare became more real while she looked at the blood spattered face of Jen who was licking her lips. Her sadistic grin formed when her eyes caught sight of Kelly.

“You got your dream of becoming a peasant to serve the Queen. I told you I would become the Queen and now it is reality. Which means you serve me now as well as our King. He has taken a liking to you and desires you to be his personal toy. You should be quite honored. He is quite insatiable. Good thing you will keep him busy until I finish my coronation ceremony. Then you will watch how a king and queen make love. Have fun serving, peasant.”

Kelly hadn't realized it was King Derrick who was holding her back. She soon found herself dragged through the crowd and up the stairs. She couldn’t help but cry. Both Beth and Carol suffered true harm and humiliation, but she couldn’t deny her own indignation and frustration of what was her unenviable predicament. She didn’t like men and hated Derrick since he first showed up. She was just as helpless as the others, but this was done to punish her. Kelly wanted to hope things would get better, but she only expected escalation from the new Queen.

Beth didn’t get to see what happened to Carol. As the screaming started, multiple mini-cattle prods pressed into her pale flesh causing her to squeal. She suffered not knowing what happened to her former lover. It wouldn't be until later that she found out and that in many ways she got off easy. Things were definitely bleak and Jen and Derrick weren’t the worst problem coming.

Jen passed off her new trophy that would be turned into a proper trophy. Carol should be thankful for her mercy and benevolence. She would live and would be going to a new home. While she really didn’t have much against Kelly, it would be fun to watch the lesbian be used by the king often. What she had done to Piggy was just a start. That animal would suffer at Jen's hands for a long time to come.

Jen didn’t remove the blood even from her blonde hair as she moved through the party. She regaled at the attention and finally was getting what she deserved. What she felt should have been hers long ago. She relished everyone metaphorically kissing her ass. She was on top. It is why it is good to be the queen.
