---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Snowbound 15: Cassandra Takes Beth'
authors:
- sfmaster@att.net
tags:
- FF-ff
- D-s
- mansion
- collar
- cuffs
- naked
- bond
- bdsm
- spank
- paddle
- tease
- torment
- strapon
- lesb
- ora
- climax
- slave
- maid
- cons
- X
date: 2017-01-29 00:00:00
---

story continued from [part 14](snowbound14.html)

**Chapter 15: Cassandra Takes Beth**

Cassandra sat in front of the dressing table in her bedroom, wearing nothing but a dressing gown! After her first session as a Dominant, she had rushed back to her bedroom and taken quick shower to remove the sweat she had produced while whipping Beth!

She knew that Beth was now being prepared by Kate for her night’s pleasure!

Mistress Allison had complimented her for the way she had whipped Beth, delivering the right amount of strokes, and varying their intensity!

“But I did not make her come!” Cassandra had protested.

“A skill that takes time to learn,” consoled Mistress Allison, “one that you will master someday. In the meantime, take Beth to bed and enjoy yourself!”

Cassandra was startled when she heard a knock on the door!

“Come!”

The door opened, and it was Kate leading a naked Beth by a leash! All that Beth was wearing was a pair of high heeled pumps, and her collar and bracelets, and Cassandra knew that her arms were locked behind her back!

“Beth as ordered, Mistress!”

“Thank you Kate, I won’t be needing you again this evening,” said Cassandra as she rose from her seat!

She walked over to Kate, and took the leash from Kate, who bowed to her before exiting and closing the door!

“Kneel!” Cassandra ordered.

Beth knelt on the carpet and bowed her head.

“Yes, Mistress!” Beth replied.

“You served me well in the Playroom earlier, and now you can serve me in the bedroom. Did you enjoy your session under the lash?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Good. I hope that one day you will wear my stripes again!”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Come!”

Cassandra pulled on Beth’s leash, drawing her to the bed. Cassandra sat on the bed, and removed Beth’s leash. Pulling on her “D” ring on her collar, Cassandra pulled Beth onto the bed with her, also removing her robe!

Next, Cassandra unlocked Beth’s wrists, but made certain to lock a chain from the ring-bolt above the bed to Beth’s collar!

“That’s just so you don’t run away from me!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

Cassandra lay back on the bed, and opened her legs to reveal her scented pussy!

“Satisfy your Mistress!” ordered Cassandra, as she removed a riding crop from her night-table.

“Yes, Mistress!”

As she lay back on bed and Beth went to work between her legs, Cassandra saw the stripe across Beth’s bottom that had made her scream! It was then that Cassandra had a thought that she did not consider in the Playroom: if she had been allowed to whip Beth, then someday Beth would be allowed to whip her!

Being a submissive was more complicated than Cassandra had ever realized!

Cassandra soon moaned when she felt her pussy licked and playfully bitten by Beth’s experienced mouth! She had lost count of the number of times they had made love, both locked in the Playroom of the Pennsylvania house, or else chained in a bedroom!

But this time was different! She had taken the crop and whip to Beth’s naked body, and she had worn a Domme’s bodysuit!

The feeling that surged through Cassandra could only be summed up in one word: power!

For months, ever since she had stumbled into Beth’s rural house during the Blizzard, she had been a submissive! But now, to inaugurate their new Dungeon in the Chicago Mansion, she had won a card draw to dominate Beth!

Now she understood why Mistress Allison had begun to teach her how to use the whip and crop!

She looked at Beth’s naked body and saw the marks that she had left behind.

“Aaaaaaaah!” Cassandra moaned with pleasure as her pussy was licked, sucked, and bit!

“Whatever my Mistress desires, I shall do!” said Beth, her face full of Cassandra’s bush.

Cassandra again moaned and threw her head back, again in the throes of pleasure! Before, orgasms had been rare in her life, even with the vibrator at her bedside. But now, she was even paid to have them! It didn’t matter to Cassandra if that meant that she had be punished first! For pain and pleasure were now two sides of the same coin, and she wondered if she would ever be able to experience pleasure without having to be whipped first!

“Aaaaaaaah! Don’t make me come too soon!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

Licking and biting Cassandra’s clit had nearly brought the sexually charged Cassandra to an early climax! What Cassandra wanted was to be made to orgasm slowly, to make this wonderful evening last forever!

But it was not to be! She was already sexually excited by the events in the Dungeon, and it took but little effort to bring her again to a raging climax!

“Aaaaaaaaah!” moaned Cassandra as she began to bounce on the bed, as the orgasm overtook her conscious control of her naked body!

All the while Beth continued to lick and bite her nubbin, driving the already sex crazed Cassandra to greater heights of lesbian passion!

“Ooooooooh!” Cassandra moaned as she bucked on the bed, as the relentless orgasm rolled over her, unstoppable!

“Aaaaaaaah!” Cassandra screamed out her pleasure!

But eventually all things come to and end, and that included Cassandra’s raging orgasm! Finally, the tremors stopped, and she regained her senses!

“Thank you, Beth!”

“You’re welcome, Mistress!”

Cassandra then pulled Beth up to her lips, and kissed her on the mouth, tasting her own juices in the process!

“Looks like you’ve made a mess of the nice makeup job that Kate did! Why don’t I give you a tissue to clean up?” suggested Cassandra.

“Yes, Mistress!” Beth agreed.

Cassandra then put her riding crop down and removed two tissues from the box on her night-table, and passed one to Beth. They both cleaned their lips of the combination of rouge and Cassandra’s juices from their lips!

“Thank you for pleasing me!” said Cassandra.

“You’re welcome, Mistress!”

“That’s better, Beth! Now then, which do you prefer, my whip or my prick! I’ve really become attached to that nice little sex toy you bought me!”

“Both, Mistress!” Beth answered.

“Do you know I’ve even taken to wearing it when I’m not sleeping with Kate? Like every girl, I’ve always fantasized what life would be like with a cock between my legs, and now you’ve helped me to fulfill another of my dreams!”

“I’m happy that I’ve helped you realize one of your dreams, Mistress!” Beth answered cautiously!

“You’re welcome, darling! Now that you’ve given me a wonderful climax, it’s all I can do to return the favor! So I want you to lie back on the bed, and I’ll get between your legs!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

Beth lay back on the bed as instructed, and it didn’t take too long before Cassandra was on top of her, holding her close! Their wet mouths met in a frenzy of passions, kissing and being kissed! Their breasts rubbed against each other, erect nipples betraying their sexual excitement! And their wet cunts were so close, their juices mingled together!

“Ooooooh!” cried Beth, you’re so good!”

“You’re welcome,” cooed Cassandra.

Their arms and legs were tangled together in a display of pure passion, as Cassandra took Beth’s naked sweaty body for all that she could! Her passion was driven to new heights by her new Dominant role, and the realization that she could tomorrow be collared again!

So Cassandra took advantage of Beth, because she was indeed on top - for now!

Their scents and sweat mingled to create a heady perfume of lesbian lust all their own, driving the two women to crush themselves against each other!

Cassandra, after taking Beth’s mouth several times with her lips, began to plant her kisses on Beth’s neck! She playfully bit Beth on the neck, leaving teeth marks behind!

“There now!” said Cassandra, “I don’t need a whip to mark you!”

“No, Mistress!”

“A hickey will do just fine!” giggled Cassandra.

“Yes, Mistress!” laughed Beth!

Cassandra then kissed her way down to Beth’s breasts, sucking and gently biting her erect nipples! She inhaled the scent that Kate must have sprayed on Beth’s body - Opium?

“What do you want most now?” asked Cassandra.

“You between my legs, Mistress!” Beth answered.

“Then that it what you shall have!”

Cassandra kissed her way down Beth’s belly, finally to arrived at the gates of pleasure!

“You’re a wet slut!” Cassandra observed.

“Yes, Mistress!”

“After I bring you off, should I use my strap-on or the paddle?”

“Both, Mistress!” Beth answered.

“Then I shall grant your wish,” Cassandra answered.

On an impulse, she had asked Kate to bring her the paddle from the Playroom. Now she was going to have a chance to use it on Beth’s bottom! For that matter, she had never spanked another woman before, and the possibilities of that vista now opened before her as well!

Cassandra dived between Beth’s legs to begin to lick and suck her pussy! Beth was already wet with excitement, and it didn’t take much effort to make her moan and sigh!

“Aaaaaaah!” Beth moaned.

As she dived between the curls of Beth’s pussy hair, she suddenly wondered if her idea of being cat burglars who got their pussies shaved was such a good idea after all! Beth’s fragrant curls were sexually enticing, and the sight of her naked sex might not be so attractive after all! Still, Beth had liked the idea, so maybe they would do it, and then allow her pussy hair to grow back!

For that matter, Cassandra wondered just how she would feel after having her pussy shaved! To have her sex totally naked was an idea that she had not yet fully considered!

Cassandra then began to lick and suck Beth’s clitoris, driving her to near orgasm! Since Beth was already sexually ready, it did not take much to bring her to near orgasm!

“You’re a randy slut!” said Cassandra, her lips coated with Beth’s pussy juices.

“Mmmmmmmmm!” Beth moaned.

Cassandra continued to lick Beth’s erect nubbin, driving her companion to moan and buck, her naked bottom bouncing on the bed beneath her!

Beth obliged Cassandra by opening her legs even further to accommodate the attentions given between her legs! Beth moaned in pleasure as her pussy was licked and sucked, and she could not contain her pleasure!

“Ooooooooh!” Beth sighed.

Suddenly, Beth could no longer contain herself! She orgasmed, one, twice, three times!

Cassandra held onto Beth’s legs, but she was like a bucking bronco as she came repeatedly! Beth moaned in pleasure, a contrast to her ordeal in the Playroom with pain!

Finally, her spasms subsided, and she looked as Cassandra, who was looking up at her from between her legs!

“That was fabulous!” said Beth.

“You’re welcome, Beth!”

“Thank you, Mistress!”

Cassandra then raised herself from Beth’s pussy, and could not believe the events of the last few hours! Had she really whipped her employer, and then pleasured her to orgasm?

She then cleaned herself, also giving a tissue to Beth, so that she could clean herself as well between her legs! Once her mouth had been refreshed, and Beth’s sex had been cleaned, Cassandra was now ready to move on!

“Beth, there’s one thing I’ve always wanted to do to another woman.”

“What’s that, Mistress?”

“To give her a spanking!” Cassandra declared.

“Yes, Mistress! Would you like to give me one?” Beth asked.

“I’d love to!” Cassandra declared.

From the nearby night-table Cassandra removed the paddle, which joined the riding crop and dildo harness! Cassandra had a growing use of sex toys, and her bedroom expectations would never be the same again!

Cassandra sat on the side of the bed, and Beth draped herself over her knees! Cassandra was now confronted by the lovely sight of two perfect plump buttocks, just asking for a spanking!

“Do you like to be spanked?” Beth asked.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Good, I’ll start with my hand, and you can count out each stroke!”

At first, Cassandra had not understood why Mistress Allison made her count out each stroke while she was being punished. Then she understood that it was a further form of humiliation, along with thanking her at the end of her punishment!

“One!”

“Two!”

“Three!”

“Four!”

“Five!”

Cassandra noted the way that Beth’s skin gradually reddened as she applied each stroke with the palm of her hand! In the Library, Beth had several Spanking DVDs, and now Cassandra would give those a try! Until now, she had mainly watched classic Porn & Bondage DVDs; but now she would broaden her interests!

Running across Beth’s bottom was the stripe of one of the many strokes of the whip that she had administered! She could see her handiwork on the body of another woman, and it thrilled her to no end!

Then she remembered how after each session with Mistress Allison she had preened herself in front of the mirror as if she had been wearing an expensive dress! What she was admiring were the marks left by the crop and whip, as well as her collar and bracelets!

Cassandra realized that she now felt naked without either her collar, or the marks of her submission! She craved doing sessions with Mistress Allison, and wanted to feel the whip on her naked body!

Tonight’s session where she had whipped Beth and bedded Beth had driven her to new heights of desire! Tomorrow she’d be on the floor, begging Mistress Allison for the whip herself!

“Six!”

“Seven!”

“Eight!”

“Nine!”

“Ten!” cried Beth, as her bottom was now hot, red, and punished!

“Well, my darling, is my rump roast about done?”

“Yes, Mistress!” Beth cried.

“What a lovely shade of red, Beth!”

“Thank you, Mistress, for the punishment that I have received!”

“You’re welcome, my dear, but given the opportunity, I simply MUST use the paddle! Tomorrow I’ll be back in my collar, and I won’t know when of if I’ll ever be given the chance to use the paddle again! So I mustn’t let my chance go to waste!” said Cassandra.

“Yes, Mistress!”

Cassandra picked up the paddle, glad that Mistress Allison had given her a chance to practice on pillows!

“Kiss the paddle, and thank me for your punishment!” Cassandra declared.

“Thank you, Mistress!” said Beth, doing as she was instructed!

Cassandra thought back a few weeks when she herself had felt the effects of the leather clad paddle for the first time!

“One!” Beth cried.

The leather paddle, with it’s greater imprint, could impact more flesh than a human hand.

“Two!”

“Three!”

“Four!”

“Five!”

Again a surge of power flooded through Cassandra! Was this the power exchange that she had heard so much about?

Perhaps she was really a switch, and not just a submissive! That idea opened up whole new areas to explore her sexuality; again something she had to thank Beth for!

“Six!”

“Seven!”

“Eight!”

“Nine!”

“Ten! Owwwwww!” Beth cried as tears fell from her eyes.

“Kiss the paddle!”

Beth did as she was instructed, held back her tears, and kissed the paddle as ordered.

“Thank you, Mistress!” said Beth, “thank you for punishing me!”

“You’re quite welcome, my dear. Naughty girls like you deserve to be punished!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

“Now sit up on the bed!” Cassandra ordered.

Beth winced when she sat back on her bottom, and Cassandra knew that she would feel the effects of her punishment for days afterwards!

“Did you enjoy my spanking and use of your bottom?” Cassandra asked.

“Yes, Mistress!”

“We’ve now done pleasure, and pain, and now it’s time again for pleasure!” Cassandra recounted.

“Yes, Mistress!”

Ever since Beth had given Cassandra the dildo harness, Cassandra had taken to wearing it constantly in her room! She enjoyed the sight of the rubber phallus sticking out from between her legs, taking a perverse sexual pleasure in the knowledge that few actual men could match the shaft she now wore!

Cassandra stood up from the bed, strapped the dildo harness around her loins, and took her time adjusting the leather straps until they were comfortable and secure!

“I want to thank you ever so much for giving this to me!” said Cassandra, “I never knew that I wanted one until the first time I strapped it on!”

“It’s called penis envy, and women always fantasize about what they would do if they had one,” explained Beth.

“Besides making love to you I’ve also used it with Kate! I just love it!”

“You’re welcome, Cassandra. Remember, my goal here is to help all of us experience our sexual fantasies.”

“This time, I’d like to make love first in the usual position, and maybe doggy style later!” said Cassandra.

“Your wish is my command!”

Beth lay back upon the bed and opened her legs, as Cassandra opened a latex condom and unrolled it onto the rubber shaft! Kate was right - a condom did make cleaning up sex toys easier! Which was something that she appreciated since it would now be her duty to clean and maintain the same objects that were used in her scenes - like cleaning and oiling the whip!

Cassandra now reversed the progression that she had made earlier! She began by tenderly kissing Beth’s already moist pussy, her loins still scented by the scent that Kate had sprayed before!

“I hope I didn’t hurt your sex by using the whip between your legs,” said Cassandra.

“No, Mistress! It would take a lot more than that to hurt me!”

“Perhaps next time I’ll use a crop with the large flat pad on your sex and between your legs!” Cassandra suggested.

“Whatever my Mistress desires!” Beth replied.

Cassandra had by then reached Beth’s breasts, and she sucked at bit her erect nipples!

“You’re such a randy slut, Beth! No wonder why you need the whip!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

With her mouth on Beth’s nipple, Cassandra then used her right hand to fondle and knead Beth’s sex! Beth moaned and writhed under all the attention that her naked body was receiving!

“Mmmmmmmm!” Beth moaned.

“Do you like having sex with a gag in your mouth?”

“Yes, Mistress!”

“Maybe next time!” said Cassandra.

One of the sexual discoveries that Cassandra had made about herself was that she enjoyed being whipped while gagged! It increased the tension she felt, having lost the ability to protest her bondage with the rubber ball in her mouth!

The gag also made the sensations of sex even sharper too! It changed the entire dynamic of lovemaking for Cassandra, and she loved it!

Finally, her kisses found their way to Beth’s open and willing mouth! The kisses and scents again merged into a heady perfume that drove Cassandra wild with desire!

She had become an expert with the shaft between her legs, and positioned it correctly at the entrance to Beth’s sex! Without hesitating, she then pushed it inside with a single massive thrust, making Beth moan with pleasure!

“Ooooooooh!” Beth cried as the thing penetrated her wanton sex.

Cassandra now lay on top of Beth, their lips, breasts, and loins pressed together! The difference between them was that Cassandra had the dildo harness between her legs, and her cock deep inside Beth’s pussy!

She then began to piston the shaft in and out of Beth’s pussy, making her moan as each thrust drove her again to orgasm!

Even as Cassandra made love to her bedroom and bondage companion, she imagined that it was herself under the lash and receiving the cock!

“Aaaaaaaaah!” Beth moaned with pleasure as the rubber shaft thrust again and again between her legs!

“That’s good, slave!” said Cassandra.

Cassandra had realized that just before they had all made the move to Beth’s Chicago Mansion that she truly was a slave: of her collar, and the whip! She wondered how she would be able to manage a normal sex life in the outside world from now on! It this arrangement were to end, would she seek out the harshest Lesbian Mistress she could and beg for the harshest punishment? Which was why she never wanted this to ever end!

“Oooooooooh!” cried Beth as sweat formed on her body, and ran between her breasts and legs!

Cassandra did not say anything more as she concentrated on fucking Beth with the rubber shaft! Was this really what men felt as they fucked women, she wondered!

“Ooooooooh!” Beth sighed, again and again!

It did not take too much effort to bring Beth to a state of orgasm, and Cassandra knew that her lover was close! Small tremors went through Beth’s body, signaling that she was about to come!

“Aaaaaaaaa! Aaaaaaaah! Aaaaaaaah!” Beth screamed as the tremors matured into full fledged orgasms!

Her body shook again and again as one orgasm after another tore through her naked whipped body! Beth moaned constantly as the sexual energies built up were finally released in a combined wave of pain and pleasure that she could not resist!

“Aaaaaaaah!”

Cassandra held onto Beth, and continued shafting Beth’s sex! She would only withdraw when Beth was spent! Until then, the cock would continue stimulating her to orgasm - again and again!

If anything, Beth’s orgasms were more intense than the first time that Cassandra had used the dildo harness with her! Cassandra now reflected that every woman should have a dildo harness in her night-table for just such circumstances!

Finally, Beth stopped moaning and shaking, and her orgasms subsided! Cassandra withdrew the cock from her pussy, and lay on the bed next to her, the cock still sticking up from between her legs!

“Did you have a nice time?” Cassandra asked.

“Yes, Mistress!” Beth answered.

Cassandra rolled up the condom, wet with Beth’s juices, and threw it in the nearby wastebasket! She pretended to give herself a hand job, holding the cock inside her hand and rubbing it up and down!

“I’ve got to get it erect again!” laughed Cassandra.

Beth joined in on the fun, and laughed along with her! It was, thought Cassandra, one of the best nights that she had ever had in her life!

And it wasn’t even over yet!

\*\*\*

It was just four weeks after the new Dungeon in Beth’s mansion had been inaugurated. Cassandra was wearing her Maid’s uniform and corset, and was dusting the stacks in the Library.

There had been a knock on the door, and Kate ushered in Beth, wearing her “O” dress.

“Mistress, Beth wished to see you,” said Kate, attired like Cassandra.

“Of course. Beth, please have a seat, what can I do for you?” Mistress Allison asked.

“Thank you, Mistress,” said Beth as she sat in the chair in front of Mistress Allison, who was wearing a black shirt, jeans, and high heeled boots.

“What can I do for you?” Mistress Allison repeated once Kate had left and Beth had settled in the seat.

“I need Friday off for a business meeting in Chicago, lunch with an old friend, and possibly dinner as well,” Beth replied.

“Of course Beth. You know that I would never let your bondage fantasy interfere with either your business or personal relationships.”

“Thank you, Mistress Allison.”

“Those of us who lived and worked in High Finance on Wall Street understand the value of meeting face to face with business associates.”

“Thank you, Mistress Allison.”

From between the bookcases, Cassandra tried her best to remain silent and invisible! It was easily apparent who was really in control here!

Beth may well have been collared wearing her “O” dress and her breasts exposed; but she was the one really in charge of the situation!

“For the past couple of weeks I’ve been talking to Valerie Newman on the phone, and she’s impressed me that she’s a changed person. Perhaps I was wrong to wholly exclude her from my Bondage fantasy! She has said that she’s been trained by an exclusive Domme; and is now an experienced submissive.”

“Really, that’s quite interesting,” Mistress Allison replied.

“Of course, before I let her back in I’ll want you to evaluate her training.”

“Thank you for your confidence in my abilities.”

“I’m sure that you’ll be able to tell if she is telling the truth or lying,” said Beth.

“Yes, the lash has a way of exposing the truth,” answered Mistress Allison.

“That will be for you to find out,” said Beth, “thank you for your assent.”

“You’re welcome, ma’am!”

“I’ll be letting myself out,” said Beth, “thank you again, Mistress.”

Once Beth had excused herself from the Library and closed the door behind her, Cassandra emerged from the Library bookcases.

“Mistress Allison, does this mean my position is endangered here?” Cassandra asked.

“Sit down, Cassandra.”

“Yes, Mistress.” Cassandra did as she was told, in the same seat that Beth had just occupied.

“One thing that I learned while working on Wall Street is that the rich and powerful stick together. They go to the same schools, attend the same clubs, get into the Social Register for generations. The rest of us are merely looking in.”

“I understand, Mistress,” Cassandra replied.

“Good. Beth will do whatever she wants to do. She has hired all of us to play a part in her Bondage Fantasy. Wherever this all leads, only time will tell.”

“Yes, Mistress, thank you!”

“You’re welcome, Cassandra!”

The End of Chapter Fifteen
