---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/batgirlvsprofessor14.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'Batgirl vs the Professor 14: Return to Real Life'
authors:
- StealthBinder
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- maid
- mc
- cons
- X
date: 2009-06-01 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Batgirl vs the Professor 13: Intruders**](batgirlvsprofessor13.html))

**Part 14: Return to Real Life**

Barbara Gordon turned the hot water off.  Though the workout was a long, hard one, the strength on her body was returning nicely.  She was finally growing accustomed to her new breast measurements, a strange side affect of her week long ordeal, and she actually liked how they now looked.  But some of her librarian clothing was going to need replacement.  Feeling clean and fresh again, she dried off and brushed out her black hair, which was going to need a cut soon.

She still had no hair growing on the rest of her body.

In her bedroom, she dressed in new undergarments, jeans and a t-shirt.  She gave Charlie a fresh bowl of water and added food to his dish before blowing him a kiss before heading back down stairs.

Bruce Wayne was sitting in the large den, reading through several news papers with the TV on but turned down low.  Dick Grayson was busy at the desk, a book and his laptop open, with a bottle of water at close reach while he reviewed his advance calculus for an exam the following day.  A cheery fire was burning in the massive fire place.

Bruce smiled when she entered and wrapped an arm around her when she plopped down on the leather couch next to him.  For the first time in over two weeks, she felt at ease.

Barbara had only spent one night in the hospital after the doctors found she had no physical ailments to treat, other than she was a little dehydrated and had lost a few pounds.  The newspapers reported that  ‘Since her release, Barbara Gordon has been staying with her long time friend and suspected romantic interest Bruce Wayne during her recovery from the ordeal she had gone through.’

For the past week, Barbara has been staying in a lavishly appointed bedroom at Wayne Manor.  Her bird Charlie had been retrieved from her home, along with a suitcase full of clothes, courtesy of Robin easily slipping past the reporters stationed there, making sure nothing was amiss and everything secure.  Alfred, Bruce’s long time butler, mentor and confidant, readied Barbara the bright and cheerful room and expertly prepared all of her favorite meals, serving her huge portions she never could finish.
 
Bruce had put Barbara on a rigorous exercise program to rebuild muscle strength and tone her dancer’s body back to crime fighting shape.  All three caped crusaders participated in the program and both men were quite impressed on her progress and hard work.  She nearly kept up with Dick on endurance and was far more flexible and limber that either of the men.  Her outrageously high and powerful kicks were back in crime fighting form quickly.  In fact, her entire body returned to a remarkably good shape faster than anyone could guess.

Her nightmares were still not getting any better.

Her BatCycle was in the Batcave, getting an overhaul and refit.  Barbara was amazed at how many incredible devices Batman had devised and constructed for their war on crime.  Working by his side, she knew that Batman was twice the keen mind the Professor could have ever claimed to be.

Good thing he was one the right side of the law.

The only visitor allowed to see her was her father, who came nightly, even if was for only an hour.  Though he had wanted Barbara to stay with him, the Commissioner knew that with his duties and work schedule, it would be hard for him to spend much time with his daughter and that Bruce was being a perfect host and nurse.  Nightly, the father and daughter spend dinner or time alone together, Barbara slowly telling her bizarre story, carefully leaving out some details of the erotic scenes she was forced to participate in and all references to Batgirl.

Reporters were left out at the secured gates.

A top of the hour news broadcast came on the local TV station that caught their attention.  Barbara turned up the sound and all three listened in.

‘Annie Goodbody, former Miss Gotham City contestant, was released from doctors’ care today, amidst a sea of reporters.  Her horrific story, along with fellow captive Barbara Gordon, Director of the Gotham City Public Library System, is yet to be fully told to the public.  Doctors at Gotham City Mercy Hospital report Miss Goodbody is in excellent physical shape despite her year-long ordeal, but will need years of counseling to help erase the affects of her months in captivity at the hands of the deranged criminal inventor known only as the Professor.

‘While Miss Goodbody has not recounted her story to the media at this time, she did release a press statement today thanking the Dynamic Duo for her rescue and is hoping to return to her university studies as soon as possible to pursue a career in medical research.  Miss Goodbody has no immediate plans to talk to reporters any time soon, asking that she be given privacy as she seeks counseling, but promised to tell the details of her dreadful story to the media some time in the coming months once she comes to grips with the ordeal. Though doctor’s are not hopeful that much will be learned from the former beauty pageant contestant and fashion model, believing she had blocked much of it out from her mind and may never full recount her tragic story.

‘In a related story, it has been leaned that Miss Barbara Gordon plans to return to her leadership position at the library system and working within her many charitable duties in the coming days.  She too has promised to tell her story in the coming months.’

“Do you think Annie Goodbody has a realist chance at a normal life ever again?” asked Dick as the anchor went on to other unrelated stories.  The national networks would pick up on the report in hours.  The story was big news nation wide, but more on Annie than Barbara.

“I believe so.” Bruce said.  “I’ve spoke with Dr. Winters today.  He’s a top Psychologist when it comes to dealing with traumatic experiences.  While it will take a few years, he believes Miss Goodbody will make a full recovery and be able to move past the experience.”

It was Bruce who had brought the specialist in and was paying for her medical care.

“Only thanks to Mind Bender.” Barbara added.  “I still feel incredibly guilty that we put her back into that awful device.”

“It had to be done.” Bruce said. “And in many ways, the humane thing to do.  The horrors of the past year have been blurred, jumbled and erased.  She clearly remembers all that happen to her prior to her first trip into Mind Bender, but little since her last.  She knows she was with the Professor, was there in the lab and assisted him in his work and that horrible things happened.  But the shock, guilt and disgust of it all have been greatly reduced, along with the memories of the things she did physically with him.  And she knows only Barbara Gordon was there with her in the ordeal and played a role in the downfall of the Professor, but will remember nothing of Batgirl or that she was responsible for the Professor’s death.”

“If only there was another way.” Barbara said.  “You have no idea what it was like.”

Barbara was also counseling with Dr. Winters while staying at Wayne Manor.  She too showed promise.

“And no one else will ever know it.”  Bruce said.  “Mind Bender is destroyed, as with much of the Professors other demented works.   Even his notes and computer files are burned up or wiped out, with no chance of his works falling into the wrong hands and being used again.”

A massive fire broke out at the warehouse of the Professor a few nights earlier, burning the complex to the ground even before fire fighters could reach the blaze.  Inspectors suspected something left unattended inside sparked the blaze and the contents help fuel the fire. While it robbed the police of evidence, it put a sudden end to the case.  The remainder of building was scheduled to be razed and the rubble hauled off to a landfill in the coming weeks.

The Professor’s remains will go there too, his body never being discovered by the authorities.

“And Miss Goodbody did consent to being placed back in.” Dick said.

“She understood why and agreed to it.” Bruce continued.  “She needed to forget, especially the guilt she would feel some day about what she’d done in killing the Professor.  So yes, she has a very good chance at a normal life again.  Who knows Dick, you might even meet up with her some day at the university.”

“Yeah, that wouldn’t be awkward.  ‘Hi, you don’t know me without my costume, but I’m the guy who helped rescue you, but you were in a trance and later got you mind erased, so I doubt you remember.’”

The three of them laughed.

“At least we know she’d met a decent fellow.” Barbara joked.

“But I still don’t understand why didn’t we use Mind Bender on Catwoman and the kittens before we destroyed it?” asked Dick.  “I mean, we could have reversed or erased what was done to them as well.”

“And what, turn them back into criminals and thieves?” Barbara said.

“No, of course not.  But we could have made them anything we wanted, including normal and useful members of the greater society.” Dick replied.

“And how would we be any different than the Professor?” Bruce said.  “If we justify it once for that purpose, we could very easily justify it for another and start down a very slippery slope.  Do we use it on Joker or Scarecrow next, or any other criminal we deem needing a new mindset.  Where do we stop, and who decides what they should become?  And what if it fell into the wrong hands, even those intending it for good, but worse, for evil?”

“I see your points.  But to leave them like they are, it’s almost cruel when we had the chance to get them back to, well, something else.  Is that not nearly a crime as well?” Dick replied.

“Someone once said ‘with great power comes great responsibility.’  I personally don’t want that kind power or responsibility.  It’s playing God and I’ll happily leave that power to Him.” Bruce said calmly.

“And yet we did just that.” replied Barbara.  “And lied to the police, and held back information and destroyed evidence.  Talk about criminal.”  Guilt was still heavy on Barbara.

“I do not work for the police or the DA.”  Bruce said just as calmly, as if he was restoring order and perspective to a hostile board meeting. “I do what I do because it needs to be done because some work above and beyond the reach the law.  Each one of us has taken the law into our own hands to dispense justice for valid reasons, yet we stayed within the framework of the law.  This is one case where I felt there is a greater good to be considered and some discretion was warranted, yet not repeated.  The public has been served and protected in ways they will never know, and we have protected ourselves so we can go on doing what needs to be done and further protect the public.  And for all she has been put through, Miss Goodbody deserves a fighting chance at a normal life that was robbed from her.  We can’t give her that year back, but we gave her a good chance at the next year and the ones beyond.  No, I have no guiltily feeling about what we’ve done, nor do I plan to dwell upon it.”

“And the Professor is out of business, for good.” Dick said.  “We can breathe a little easier knowing we won’t be facing any more of his evil devices ever again.”

All three of the crime fighters took comfort in that knowledge and personally reasoned out Bruce’s comments.  They concluded he was right, as always.

“How are the kittens?” Barbara asked.  “Is there hope for them?”

“Dr. Winters believes so.” Bruce responded.  “Their programming is severe, but with treatment, counselling and medications, he thinks he can suppress it over the long term.  They remember nothing about what happened.  However, they will remain institutionalized for many years, so they will stay out of trouble, especially for their own sake.”

“Sadly, we can’t say the same for Catwoman.” Dick said.

“The Professor’s wrath against her was immoral and brutal.” Bruce said.  “There is no mind to bring back.  He made her mind a blank slate and created someone new. Everything she was is gone.  Fortunately, she’s innocent enough that she can eventually be educated and directed her into a new life where she won’t be taken advantage of.”

As Bruce finished speaking, a beautiful woman waked onto the room.  She was dressed in a classic black satin and white lace French maid’s uniform, complete with white satin apron, black fishnet pantyhose and 4 inch stiletto heeled pumps with ankle straps.   A white lace headband atop long black flowing black hair and while lace gloves completed her attire.  The uniform sculpted to the curves of her very feminine figure.  The short skirt and high heels made her already long legs seem to go on and on.  With her make-up expertly applied, drawing attention to her full lips and large expressive eyes, she looked absolutely beautiful.

“Excuse the interruption, sir.  Alfred wishes to inform you that dinner will be ready in a few moments.” she said soft and sweetly.  “Commissioner Gordon phoned to say he will arrive in a few moments.”

“Thank you Katrina, we’ll wait for Commissioner Gordon to arrive.” Bruce replied.

Katrina the striking yet submissive maid did a small curtsy and exited the room, her heels clicking on the hard wood floors as she gracefully walked away.

“Does she really have to wear so seductive a style of uniform?” Barbara said, giving Bruce a questioning eye.

“It’s all she will dress in.”  Bruce said.  “Both Alfred and I have tried repeatedly to get her to wear something else less seductive, but she steadfastly refuses.  She informed us she would wear nothing if I took her uniforms away or replaced them.”

“Either way works for me!” Dick said.

“What was that about a decent fellow?” Bruce joked, knowing Dick had his kinky side too, having discovered his taste for erotic play after a bondage endured encounter with one of Catwoman’s lustfully charged lady followers.  Robin eventually reversed the kinky play on the sexy kitten and used to his advantage both sexually and to help capture the thieving gang.

As in most lines of business in Gotham City, power and sex sometimes mingled.

“Don’t worry, as sexy as I may think she is, I swear I have no designs on her.” Dick said with a laugh.  “Right now, I’m treating her like a little sister that needs my protection.”

“Well, at least she’s safe here.” Barbara said.  “Alfred is taking good care of her.”

“Yes, they’ve formed a close bond and he’s become a mentor to her.  In an odd way, this is the most normal life she’s ever known.  She knows the value of friendship and hard work.  While there’s no way to make her non-submissive, we can channel it into something more constructive.  When the time comes, we’ll find a new place in a productive life for her.  And, as Dick mentioned earlier, she will become a useful member of the greater society.  It’s the best we can do for her, which will end up being a rewarding one for her as well.”

“And Catwoman is out of business forever and no longer recruiting naive young women to her cause or trying to eliminate Batgirl.” Dick added, closing his laptop.  “In another odd twist, she’s repaying in service to the one she tried the most to hurt.  Strange how little bits of good have come out of all this.”

“But how do I escape it?  I’m still under Mind Bender’s influence.” Barbara asked.  “It appears I may wind up being the worst victim of all.”

“Are you?” Bruce said.  “Barbara, stand on your head and sing opera.”

“Excuse me?”  Barbara said in mock shock.

“Care to explain Dick?” Bruce said with an amused grin.

“Don’t you see Barbara, you’re not captive to it any longer.” Dick explained as he knelt next to her.  “The Professor programmed your mind to obey HIS commands, not everyone who comes along.  If he were still alive, you’d need to worry.  But with the Professor dead, the programming has become obsolete, defunct, useless.  No one will ever be able to take advantage of what he did to you or you personally.  You’re already free Barbara!  You’re free”

Barbara began to cry, realizing what the men were telling her.  She hugged them both tightly, happy knowing she was truly free.

Barbara went off to change before her father arrived.  That night, all 4 had a fine dinner together.  The Commissioner never realized the attractive woman serving them had once been Catwoman.

Dick went to his room to study further after dinner was over. The elder Gordon left for the night after giving his daughter a long loving embrace.  Katrina and Alfred also retired to their separate rooms, leaving Bruce and Barbara alone.

“I plan on returning to work at the library tomorrow.” Barbara told him as the sat together on the couch before a dying fire.

“You think you’re ready?”

“Not entirely, but to finish mending, I need to get myself back into my normal life.  As if being the Batgirl could be considered normal.”

“I can understand that.” Bruce said.  “You know there will be questions.”

“Yes, and I’m prepared for them.” She said.  “I’m ready.  And I think it’s time for me to go home too.”

“You’re more than welcome to stay as long as you like.”

“Bruce, you’ve been wonderful, so much more than a friend could ever be.  And once again you saved my life when all looked hopeless, which I wonder if I can ever repay you for.  I’m eternally indebted to you, but I can’t stay here indefinitely.”

“Actually, you could.” He said.

“Are you making some kind of proposal?” she asked, springing up.

“Not a very good one.” He said with a smile.  “But there’s something I would like you to consider.  Now that the masks have been removed, so to speak, there’s nothing to hold us from being full time lovers, more than the part time ones we have been.  And I mean for more than a few hours at night.  I’d like to take our relationship to a next level.”

“I would like that too, so I’ll consider it.”  She said as she settled back into his chest.  “But wouldn’t I cramp you’re millionaire playboy lifestyle?”

“Who ever said I enjoy being a playboy?  You of all people know how important it is to keep our identities a secret from the public.  It’s a persona, a false image I hide behind.  Dating a different woman every week gets old very fast, contrary to what the magazines and frustrated husbands say.  At heart, I’m an old fashion kind of guy and want to give my affections to just one woman full time.  I have great affections for you Barbara, and great admiration for Batgirl.  But I always needed to keep both of you at arms length, even though it broke my heart to do so.”

“I can relate to that.” Barbara said.  “I’ve felt the same way too with Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne.  But before I make any commitments, I need to find my independence once more.  I still need to be Barbara Gordon again for a while, and I need to be Batgirl again too.  Both need to recover from the ordeals of the past weeks, and the only way is for both to fully live again, at least for a little while longer.”

“You can be both.” He replied.  “I don’t expect you to give up being Barbara and all you do for Gotham City.  And now that we know what we do about each other, I think the team benefits from being united as a crime fighting trio.  I’m not asking you to give up anything, except the evenings you might spend with other men.”

“Are you sure you’ll be happy with just me?” she said.

“I know I can be, and I hope to make you too.  And I hope to get you’re father’s approval as well.”

“I’m sure he’ll approve.” She said.  “Then all you need to do is ask me to dinner this weekend and try to win me over.”

“I’m relentless when I want something.”

“I know.”  She said as she looked in his eyes, knowing both Bruce Wayne and Batman were motivated men for different reasons.  “It’s one of the things I love about the two of you.”

Bruce escorted Barbara up to her bedroom a short time later.

“Bruce, you’ve been so good to me and I know I’ve been a real imposition on you for the past week, but could I ask of you one last favor?”

”It’s been my pleasure to have you here and you’ve not been imposing at all.  Ask for anything you wish, Barbara, and I’ll grant it.”

She took his hands and pulled him toward his bedroom.  “Tie me up and make love to me.”

“Are you sure that’s wise?”  Bruce had made special effort not to be too affectionate with Barbara while she recuperated under his roof.  He didn’t want to complicate her recovery, so he too was being more like a brother than a friend to her.

Or a lover.

“You’ve done that to me in the past in such a loving and giving way.  I so love being rendered helpless by you, making myself vulnerable to you, to counter all the things the super criminals have forced me to submit to.  I see the desire in your eyes when you have me tied and vulnerable, yet how loving and giving you are.  After all that’s happened, I need you to show me it can still happen like that.  I want to know if you find Barbara Gordon an object of desire and that I can still fulfill a man’s needs while I’m willingly helpless under his powers.  There’s no one else I trust or desire enough to find out with.  That is my wish.”

“As you wish.” He said as he picked her up and carried her to his bedroom.

Even as Barbara thrilled and responded powerfully to the experience of a loving and erotic relationship again, she couldn’t help think, after it was over hours later, that she could find real satisfaction once again from some of the Professors sexual inventions.

Little did Barbara know (or Dick for that matter) that Batman had not destroyed all of the Professors devices.  Down in the Batcave, locked in a hidden vault with other items recovered from the warehouse, were a few select sex devices Batman had recovered from the Professor’s stockpile and carried off.  Even as he did, he had slim hopes that one day he would see or use any of them on Barbara Gordon or any other woman.  While his chances had greatly increased that evening, the subject needed to be approached slowly and cautiously, for Barbara’s sake.

Included (and most intriguing) in the collection were the red, black and purple pleasure suits.

Especially the purple one, which held special significance and produced particular imagery in Bruce’s mind.  Then their mutual but unspoken fantasy of a dominate, a controlling Batman and a submissive, bound and gagged Batgirl coupling together in erotic and kinky ecstasy would be fulfilled.
