---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Professor Kink's Escape Room Challenge
authors:
- thepinkbishop
tags:
- M/f+
- latex
- bond
- cage
- chain
- cuffs
- toys
- buttplug
- collar
- pillory
- gag
- clamps
- chastity
- chair
- piercing
- electro
- predicament
- blindfold
- oral
- enema
- climax
- reluct
- XX
date: 2025-06-15 00:00:00
---

### Episode 3: The Consequences of Failure

Isabel was pressed down on her knees; barely able to move. The pressure on her body almost made it hard to breathe and her muscles felt cramped and stiff. She knew she was dreaming; that inability to move, that sense of dread. It felt like she was in a tiny cage, the bars squeezing in on all sides and in front and behind her, her arms held securely behind her back. It had to be a dream, her mind playing tricks on her for failing to escape from the underwater base scenario. It was going to be humiliating; the great Isabel Schwarz, defeated by an escape room scenario. Except that the scenario couldn’t have been real, there was no way the scenario could have progressed as it did after they escaped the submarine wearing those suits… Though, in truth she’d rather enjoyed it; in the dream, things had turned decidedly kinky with bondage suits, Priya disclosing her bondage fantasy, Tiffany turning all submissive and calling her mistress. Then Charlotte had kissed her. If only that had been real.

No! That sealed it. She’d never have kissed Charlotte. She’d certainly never have kissed Charlotte in a tight rubber suit and watched her stride off into battle mounted - impaled - on some mad mechanical fighting machine. It was a shame they hadn’t escaped though and she felt a sudden wave of shock as she recalled the wailing siren and flashing red light that denoted the final minute of the scenario. She had been trying to solve the final puzzle, override the security to activate the emergency protocol and release the base from the seabed so they could escape while around her the others had fought Kink’s guards. Then the gas had come through the vents.

It didn’t matter, of course, if it was a dream, except that Isabel liked to succeed, even in her dreams.

If it was a dream, and it clearly was, it didn’t explain why she was in a tiny cage with some sort of thick bar wedged in her mouth that forced her head back and prevented her from turning it to look from side to side. She tried to move but only managed tiny movements hearing the click of chains when she made them, like she was shackled of cuffed with chains fastening her ankles and thighs to the sides and perhaps the bottom of the cage and her wrists and elbows behind her back to the top; there seemed to be a collar too, snug around her neck and fixed in some way to the sides of the cage.

Something was pulling between her legs and…and there was…something inside her; two things in fact like there had been in the…dream; large intrusive things like those that Charlotte and Priya had impaled themselves on when they mounted the machines. Her nipples too were being…stretched and something was definitely pinching them. It was almost as if those rings were still in them, the rings that had come from the suit, the suit that restrained her and pierced her and turned her into some sort of sex object.

---

Then she remembered waking up before.

While she’d been out someone had crucified her; she’d been hanging, arms and legs spread, one of those things she’d got herself trapped in in Kink’s office on the base, her hands and feet locked in metal cylinders and, when she looked down she’d seen that she was naked.

She’d been in a large dark room with a central pool of light and when she’d turned she’d seen that she was on the end of a line of four similar restraints, Charlotte hanging next to her, head slumped forward, Priya beyond and then Tiffany.

Kink was walking towards her, having just, she gathered, done something to Charlotte. Something that, presumably, he was about to do to her.

‘Miss Schwarz.’ He’d smiled up at her.

He’d changed slightly, a little taller perhaps although dangling from the cross slightly above him it was difficult to tell. His face was a little thinner and he had a moustache. He was dressed differently too…

The costume of a showman or ringmaster…

‘I’m just checking everything’s ready for your next escape attempt., he’d said cheerfully.

‘Next…?’ Isabel said, looking down at him and then at the metal cylinders around her hands and feet pinning them in place. ‘We only signed up for one.’

‘On the contrary, Miss Schwarz, you signed up to take on my escape challenge. I take it you read the small print of the contract.’

‘Of course, I…’ Isabel stopped. The contract had stipulated that, if they escaped, they would win the $100,000. On reflection it hadn’t been very specific on what would happen if they didn’t escape; she remembered the phrase ‘face the consequences of failure’. At the time she’d thought it meant the humiliation of taking on an escape challenge she couldn’t complete.

‘You can’t keep us like this.’ Isabel pulled uselessly at her bonds.

‘I’m surprised at you, Miss Schwarz.’ Kink tutted. ‘Such sloppy use of language. I most certainly can keep you here; furthermore, I am keeping you here.’ He’d smiled up at her. ‘But then, also, I may keep you here; you and your friends have, after all, signed a contract.’

‘You have to let us go.’ Isabel had felt a knot of fear inside her, a pain in her belly.

‘Let you go?’ Kink had appeared genuinely surprised. ‘Where would the fun be in that?’

---

Isabel’s eyes flew open.

In front of her, beyond the bars of a cage, she could see Charlotte. The blonde’s head hung down as if she was still unconscious or asleep or drugged or whatever ‘he’ had done to move her…them from the ‘base’ to ‘here’; wherever here was. It definitely hadn’t been a dream and they hadn’t escaped, they were still prisoners! Charlotte was locked into a steel pillory, bent forward at the waist, those perfectly toned legs straight, boots on her feet that forced her up onto her toes; Isabel could see the blonde’s wrists locked securely in place on either side of her head and each of her hands constrained inside steel balls around her fists. There was a strap with a buckle across the back of her neck suggesting she was gagged. There were clamps on her nipples too, fastened by wires to the floor and stretching her small breasts; there were wires clipped to her nipple rings too, insulated electrical looking wires and, although Isabel couldn’t see what was fastened to her own nipple rings, she guessed that she might be similarly wired up. Beyond the pillory, Isabel could see the rounded domes of Charlotte’s buttocks. There was some sort of pipe running up to what looked like an i.v. fluid bag or, probably, Isabel deduced, an enema bag.

Based on his underwater lair escape scenario, Professor Kink certainly lived up to his name and given that his particular kinks seemed to include bondage, genital piercing and sexual torment; an enema was probably right up his street or, in this case, Charlotte’s. Isabel only hoped that the plug apparently filling her back passage wasn’t similarly connected. Realisation of the reality of her situation flooded through her and she strained wildly and completely ineffectually at her bonds achieving little but a click of chain, pain in her shackled wrists and sharp pinches to both her nipples.

Somehow, bizarrely, after the escape room scenario they had entered, she wasn’t entirely surprised by any of this. The words of the contract she and her friends had signed up came back to her; a ‘truly stimulating escape room with very adult themes’. They’d been a little more focused on the ‘significant prize’ offered than the consequences of failure; she hadn’t for a minute that it meant actual imprisonment.

---

Glancing to her left, Isabel could see Tiffany, stirring in her bondage. The busty redhead was lying on her side, hooded, with her arms were restrained behind her back as if she were pressing her hands together in prayer behind her by a strappy black harness that was very reminiscent of the enviro-suits they’d donned before entering Professor Kink’s underwater base. The suits that had morphed to their bodies and reconfigured as they had progressed dealing out bondage and punishments, gagging them and stimulating them increasingly intimately as they had tried to escape. Here, Tiffany’s bonds seemed to be made of conventional leather as did the thigh high toe boots she was locked into. Isabel also noticed that Tiffany was wearing some sort of steel chastity belt and guessed that it was to hold things inside rather than to keep them out.

To Isabel’s right, she could seen Priya; the fourth member of her team of ‘escape-roomers’. Like Tiffany, she was hooded and rather obviously gagged with a huge black ball that bulged between her teeth. She was also fastened tightly to a heavy wooden chair; thick leather straps around her neck and crossing between her full breasts, around her waist and her thighs and ankles so that her legs were pulled back on either side of the chair opening her sex and displaying the ring that now pierced her clitoris; a perfect match for those that also pierced her dark brown nipples; rings that apparently now pierced all their nipples and genitals. Priya was still unconscious or sleeping too and her head hung forward, saliva drooling around her gag and running onto her breasts. Like Charlotte, Priya had insulted wires clipped to her nipple rings and she had clamps on her nipples that were fastened by cords to the sides of her gag.

---

Around them, Isabel could see only darkness as if they were in the centre of some huge stage, their helplessness picked out by a single spotlight and she strained her senses trying to discern some clue as to where they were. Try as she might, she could see nothing beyond and hear nothing but the breathing of her companions, the creak of the leather straps holding Priya and the gentle click of her own chains as she adjusted her position.

Then she heard footsteps and saw ‘Professor' Kink stride out of the darkness that surrounded them. He wore a long black leather coat that billowed open as he walked revealing a white shirt open to the navel and tucked into tight black leather trousers; knee high black riding boots; a silver tipped cane completed the outfit and, despite her predicament, Isabel couldn’t help thinking as when she’d seen him before, he looked rather dashing.

‘Such a shame,’ the Professor said, walking towards her, shaking his head ruefully. ‘I really thought you were better.’

‘You shlsh red ush go.’ Isabel said angrily around her gag, spittle flying from her lips as she spoke.

‘Let you go?’ Kink’s face took on a shocked expression. ‘I recall you were quite willing to sign up for the $100,000 if you got out in four hours.’ Then his lips curled into a smile. ‘This is my prize for defeating you.’ He gestured around him at the four helpless girls. ‘Isabel Schwarz and her intrepid escapers roundly defeated. Quite a coup for me.’

At that moment, Tiffany moaned into her gag and Professor Kink looked down at her, smiling to himself. ‘The voluptuous Miss Tease.’ He laughed. ‘Though I think we should change that to ‘Teased’.’ He lifted his cane and pointed it at Tiffany.

The redhead moaned loudly and rolled onto her back spreading her knees. Isabel could see wires running to the chastity belt, wires and a chain that ran away across the floor disappearing into the darkness that surrounded them.

The Professor looked back at Isabel. ‘Shall we wake the others?’

Isabel glared at him.

‘I’ll take that as a ‘yes’.’ He pointed his cane at Charlotte.

The blonde’s head snapped up, her eyes flying open. ‘Ngghhhnn.’

Isabel watched as her friend jerked in her bonds, body spasming as she tried and failed to move. Sparks of light flashed on her nipple rings. ’Unnghh.’ She cried more loudly into her gag, her blue eyes wide with pain. The gag was so big, Isabel thought her friend's jaw must be on the point of dislocation.

‘Shdob id,’ Isabel shouted angrily.

‘It’s just a bit of harmless revenge.’ The professor said turning to Charlotte. ‘After all, she did attack me at the end of your last challenge. ‘The current’s quite low level, it won’t do her any lasting harm.’ He leaned towards her and winked. ‘The sparks are more for show, a quirk of the graphene rings but visually effective don’t you think?’

Charlotte whimpered into her gag again, her eyes fixed on her tormentor with a mix of anger and desperation.

‘After all, I wouldn’t want to damage my most important assets.’

Charlotte’s expression of pain faded but she continued to regard him angrily even as her eyes blinked back tears.

‘The shocks are very mild.’ He grinned in a very self satisfied way. ‘Barely more than those you found so titillating from my suits.’ He looked down at Isabel, helpless on her knees in the cage. ‘Shame for you to miss out, Miss Schwarz.’

Isabel felt a sharp pricking sensation in her nipples that quickly built into a jolting sensation as if her sensitive little buds were being slapped fiercely.

‘Uhh.’ Isabel couldn’t prevent a slight whimper escaping her throat but then bit down on her gag feeling a strong desire not to cry out as she fixed her eyes on Kink’s.

They glared at each other for what seemed to the helpless brunette a very long time indeed then the pain disappeared leaving a hot sensation.

‘Just Miss Prince to wake up.’ Professor Kink turned to Priya. ‘Quite the dark horse, I’d say, if you’ll forgive such an expression. Let’s hope there are more revelations to come.’

Still recovering, Isabel gasped as she saw a spark jump across Priya’s clit ring.

‘Aaggghhh.’ Priya started awake, her head lifting and snapping back until the movement jolted the clamps on her nipples and she cried out again, her head moving back then from side to side as she discovered her predicament. Then she stilled, a smile creeping onto her face around her gag. Isabel watched as she gently lifted her head, tugging on her clamped nipples and moved subtly on the chair.

---

‘So…’ the Professor said, ‘The gang’s all here and I have your full attention. I’m going to give you another chance, another escape challenge.’ He smiled. ‘Quite literally this time. I’ll apply the same terms, I’m generous like that. You have an hour to complete it.’

He turned looking at the four helpless girls.

‘All you have to do is get out of the door over there.’ He waved his cane vaguely in the direction from which he’d appeared.

‘An’ if we don’d agee?’ Isabel asked.

‘Oh, you’ll agree.’ Kink produced something from beneath his robe and set it down on the floor. It was about a foot high, white and cylindrical like a mini lighthouse with red glass on the top. He twisted the top.

‘Activated,’ the device said. ’Fifty nine minutes and fifty five seconds…’

Kink smiled. ‘You’ll find it offers certain encouragements. Pleasure and pain…you know the drill.’

Isabel squirmed in the cage, growling almost at her impotence.

‘Escape and we’re all square,’ Kink said.

‘An’ if we don’d?’

‘Oh, I have a lot more scenarios for you to try.’ He walked towards Isabel, looming over her. ‘Allow me to give you another clue.’ Standing at the side of the cage, he twisted the bar that was wedged between Isabel’s teeth and pulled it gently. There was little the helpless girl could do except allow him to slide it from between her teeth then she licked her lips and closed her mouth gratefully.

‘Fifty nine minutes and fifteen seconds,’ said the voice.

‘Better get a move on.’ Kink said. ‘You really don’t want to get too far into the inducements.’ He held the steel bar aloft and walked towards Tiffany. ‘Open your mouth, Miss Tease.’

Lying on her back, Tiffany obeyed, parting her soft pink lips to allow Kink to slide the steel rod between them.

‘Fifty eight minutes…’

‘Well, I’ll leave you to it.’ Kink said then turned, his black leather cloak flaring, and strode away, vanishing into darkness the way he had come.

---

‘Whad do I do wish shis?’ Tiffany said, lying on her back with her hands strapped tightly behind her and her knees spread wide, apparently deep-throating the steel rod which Kink had just removed from between Isabel’s teeth.

‘Can you get up, Tiff?’ Isabel asked.

‘I give id a go.’ Tiffany said, the rod between her teeth bouncing as she spoke.

Isabel watched as the redhead rolled, with difficulty onto her side with a creak of leather and rattle of chain and then, after several attempts, made it up onto her knees. She lifted her head then shook the mass of red hair that hung in a loose ponytail from the back of her hood. ‘Nearly dhere.’ The buxom redhead was kneeling with her bottom in the air and Isabel could clearly see the shining steel of the chastity belt between her full, pale buttocks and the ring piercing her clit which was visible outside her belt. Like the others Tiffany seemed to have wires clipped to her clit ring, there was a chain padlocked to it too.

Tiffany grunted, rocked back and forth, the padlock between her legs swinging, and then launched herself up onto the formidable heels of the leather thigh boots which, Isabel estimated, must have been at least five inches. She tottered briefly, the spiked heels clacking on the floor and the chain fastened to her clit ring clicking softly. For a moment, Isabel thought she would fall but, despite the heels and the single ring locking her ankles together, the redhead managed to stay upright.

‘Ogay,’ she panted around the bar in her mouth, sounding pleased with herself. ‘Whad now?’

Isabel looked around. She was sure getting Tiffany to do something with the bar in her mouth was the right approach to do but she wasn’t entirely sure what.

‘Fifty six minutes…’

‘Ing u ong im.’ Charlotte said. Which might have been ‘In your own time.’

Isabel glanced at her. The blonde’s eyes were wide with a genuine disquiet that Isabel didn’t think she’d ever seen in the blonde before, but she was clearly no longer in pain.

‘Give me a moment.’ Isabel snapped.

Charlotte scowled but then winked.

‘Ogay.’ Tiffany said. ‘I’m nod going anywhere.’

Isabel swept her gaze across the other two girls, all as immobile as herself. She looked at Charlotte’s hands locked in the steel balls and moved her own hands in the cage. Tiffany’s and Priya’s were both similarly useless.

Left to her own devices, Tiffany began to turn round, shuffling in a slight crouch to maintain her balance on the huge heels with her hands restrained, forced to take tiny steps by the single loop locking her ankles together. As she moved, Isabel saw something glitter that revealed another clue. Clipped to each of Tiffany’s nipple rings were tiny silver keys but which of the many locks restraining them they fitted and what to do with the ‘first clue’, the steel rod, remained unclear.

Then she spotted it; a cradle of some sort behind Charlotte. ‘Tiff?’

‘Uh ha?’ Tiffany turned blindly, the chain between her legs clicking on the D-rings sewn into her boots, the keys on her nipple rings swung and glittered teasingly. The way the boots and her strict bondage forced her to lean forwards made it look as if she was deliberately displaying her voluptuous breasts or perhaps shaking the keys tantalisingly in front of Isabel.

Helpless in her cage, all Isabel could do was guide the blindfolded redhead round behind Charlotte, watching with mounting frustration as she minced along on tiny restricted steps. Then, when she finally reached the right place Isabel directed her through placing the heavy bar in the cradle.

‘Now, let go.’

‘Sure?’ Tiffany wavered.

‘Go for it.’

Tiffany opened her mouth and the bar dropped, pulling the cradle down; the bag of fluid, the enema bag, behind Charlotte moved slightly then everything stopped.

Isabel closed her eyes in silent prayer.

When she opened them, Charlotte’s blue eyes were even wider than before.

‘Mmmph!’ She glared at Isabel. ‘Uj abnn?’

Isabel watched as the blonde struggled in the pillory.

‘What is happening?’ Tiffany echoed.

‘I think something may have got stuck.’ Isabel said.

Charlotte shook her head, blonde hair swinging. ‘Nnn. Nod sdk. Shshn abn.’

The enema bag was definitely emptying. There was a click and a sudden movement behind as it rose up into the air, lighter now than the steel bar in the cradle and a plate dropped on some sort of lever arm.

‘Ok, Tiff.’ Isabel called. ‘There’s a plate in front of you with something in. Can you grab it?’

Tiffany leant forward. The plate was suspended by chains, part of what looked like an old fashioned set of scales. Tiffany bumped against it and Isabel heard metal slide on metal.

‘Careful!’

‘I’m doing my best.’ Tiffany snapped back. ‘I am somewhat handicapped.’

‘Sorry, Tiff.’

‘Sz nod sry.’ Charlotte said. ‘I gdn a fgn nma.’

‘What did she say?’ Tiffany asked.

‘Don’t worry about it, Tiff.’ Isabel glanced at Charlotte then watched Tiffany’s pink tongue explore the plate, pushing something across it then she used her lip to tip the bowl.

‘Ohh!’ Tiffany gave a little gasp. ‘Did anyone else get that.’

Isabel had felt it too, a little tingle in her nipples. She squirmed slightly, the chains holding her inside the cage clicking.

‘You’re doing fine, Tiff.’

‘More than fine.’ Tiffany smiled and took hold of a metal pin with her teeth; it was about three inches long.

‘I think that’s some sort of key to free one of us.’ Isabel said.

‘Obsh.’

Isabel guided Tiffany back towards her and, as the redhead approached, felt her nipples tingle again.

‘You might have to give it to me so I can use it to free you.’ Isabel suggested as the redhead stopped in front of her. ‘Turn round so I can see.’

‘Fifty two minutes…’

Tiffany turned again and then at Isabel’s request crouched down. Her bonds were of thick, heavily stitched black leather, her hands inside a single mitt locked to the back of a high thick posture collar by a heavy padlock like the one dangling between her legs; her arms were encased in leather sheaths held tightly folded behind her back and strapped securely in place; there were a number of padlocks holding the straps; none of which looked as if they would take the ‘key’ she held in her mouth.

‘I can’t see anything.’ Isabel said despondently. ‘Perhaps it will work for Priya or Charlotte.’

‘I anj.’ Charlotte said. The blonde's face was flushed and she was sweating, her blue eyes still wide.

‘What?’

‘Anj.’ The blonde said, looking left and right.

Isabel followed her gaze and saw a small black hole in each of the steel balls encasing Charlotte’s hands.

It would have been difficult and frustrating trying to guide Tiffany to push the metal pin into the hole; with the redhead bent over in her tight bondage, all Isabel could see was her rounded bottom and, although Charlotte could see, she was securely gagged; it thus fell to Tiffany, balanced on the killer heels, the keys hanging from her nipple rings swinging teasingly from her large breasts to probe blindly for the hole. However, after a little experimentation, she managed to push the pin in and the ball around Charlotte’s left hand popped free.

Isabel cheered and felt a familiar buzz in her nipples.

The blonde wiggled her fingers and then stretched her hand towards her head but it was too far for her to be able to release her gag.

‘Tiff.’ Isabel said. ‘There are keys hanging from your nipple rings; you’ll need to move forward to let Charlotte grab them.’

‘I wondered what I could feel.’ Tiffany said, tottering forwards and Isabel watched as Charlotte tried to grab the key but succeeded only in holding on to the redhead’s nipple.

‘Oh, Charlotte.’ Tiffany chided. ‘I never knew you cared.’

‘Usj.’ Charlotte said. She was still sweating and her voice was tense with the spasms of pain from the enema that had been released inside her. She tried again and grabbed the key, pulling on it.

‘Ow.’ Tiffany staggered forward. ‘Careful.’

Charlotte twisted her hand and managed to free the key.

‘Tiffany.’ Isabel directed. ‘Turn round and crouch down.’

‘Forty seven minutes…’

For several painfully long minutes, Charlotte tried to insert the key into the padlocks in Tiffany’s bondage with the redhead crouched on increasingly shaky legs in front of the blonde’s pillory.

‘Forty one minutes…’

‘Nnnsg.’ Charlotte said finally. ‘Cnd ugn d i.’

‘I don’t think this is going to work.’ Tiffany said. ‘I think these keys are for something else.’

‘There’s one on your other nipple.’ Isabel said. ‘But it looks the same.’

‘What about Priya?’ Tiffany said. ‘I assume she’s here.’

‘Mmm.’ Priya called out through her gag and Isabel saw her nod, her nipples following the movement.

‘There’s something between her legs.’ Isabel said.

‘Lucky girl.’ Said Tiffany. ‘Not that I’m complaining. I’m feeling very full myself.’

Priya gave a contented sigh.

Charlotte whimpered into her gag.

Isabel guided Tiffany to stand in front of where Priya sat strapped tightly to the chair with her legs spread.

‘You’ll have to go down on your knees.’

‘Shd.’ Charlotte said.

Tiffany looked round. ‘Did she just call me a slut?’

‘I don’t think so.’ Isabel reassured.

‘Ej I dd.’ Charlotte said.

With her ankles cuffed together Tiffany was forced to crouch then drop forward onto her knees like a slave paying homage to her mistress. Once she had her balance, she leaned forward her face nuzzling Priya’s crotch.

‘Ooohhh,’ Priya squirmed excitedly.

There was a chain emerging from the Indian girl’s spread pussy and Tiffany leant in searching for it with her tongue.

Isabel felt a tingle in her nipples and pussy. Priya squirmed and giggled, shaking her head and making her nipples dance. Tiffany gave a gentle sigh.

‘Od id.’ Tiffany said triumphantly, pulling back with something that looked like a key fob on a chain dangling from her teeth.

‘See if it unlocks Charlotte’s pillory.’ Isabel watched as Tiffany once again struggled to her feet then guided the redhead back towards Charlotte and was rewarded with another tingle in her nipples.

‘Thirty four minutes…’

---

Charlotte’s pillory popped open and Isabel watched the blonde start to straighten up.

‘Unghhh.’ She stopped suddenly, crying out as the clamps on her nipples tightened.

‘U gd a awnd m.’ She gasped, her free left hand moving to her breasts.

‘Sorry.’ Said Isabel earning herself a glare. ‘I should have warned you.’

Isabel watched as the blonde cautiously explored her clamped nipples.

‘Ungggggghhhhhhh.’ The blonde removed one of the clamps.

‘Ungggggghhhhhhh.’ She removed the second clamp.

She tried to stand again but the wires were still connected to her nipple rings.

‘Fggghh!.’

Reaching behind her head with her left hand, Charlotte fumbled with the gag and managed to undo it.

‘Bashdard!’ She said angrily as she pulled the huge ball from between her teeth. ‘Thish guy’sh a shycho!’ The gag had been huge and Charlotte was still having trouble speaking but at least she was more able to make herself understood. Her hand went back to her tormented nipples and she fumbled with the clips. ‘Why the fugg didn’t you releash my right hand?’

‘Sorry.’ Isabel said again. Apologising then shutting up to let her get on with it. Experience told her this was the best approach when Charlotte was working up to a full tantrum.

Moving awkwardly, Charlotte reached to the floor and picked up the key to the ball on her right hand, using it to pop off the restraint and then wiggling her fingers.

Three keys spilled onto the floor bouncing away from her.

At the second attempt she succeeded in removing the clips from her nipple rings and straightened up gratefully, standing with her legs still cuffed at the ankle.

‘Fuck!’ Her hands went to her belly. ‘Did any of you get a fucking enema?’

‘Not yet.’ Isabel said.

‘Nope.’ Said Tiffany, standing blind and helpless. ‘I am wearing a very large butt plug though.’

‘No comparison.’ Charlotte shot back, her blue eyes shining and Isabel thought she detected a flash of excitement.

The blonde was clearly wearing a chastity belt like Tiffany’s and her hands went immediately to it, identifying the wire clipped to her clit ring and removing it. Then she reached behind her. ‘This might get messy by the way.’

She half twisted and grabbed the enema tube pulling it free.

‘Oh, shit!’ There must be some sort of valve.

Isabel felt slightly relieved. The last thing she wanted to see was the new love of her life empty her bowels all over the floor but then felt guilty as Charlotte doubled over clutching her belly with another bout of crampy pain.

‘Tiff.’ Charlotte said. ‘Come here with those keys.’

Tiffany tottered toward her and Charlotte took the key from the redhead’s right nipple then bent forward and tried the keys in her ankle cuffs. They fitted and, with the one she already held she was able to free herself. Then sliding her legs together she stood upright finally naked and glorious apart from the chastity belt and ankle high toe boots.

Charlotte was always gorgeous, perfect and somehow poised, even now in the toe boots; that athletic build, those perfect pert breasts with the black rings in her nipples. Her confident smile was back too. It gave Isabel hope that they might just succeed.

‘What are you looking at?’ Charlotte said, fixing her gaze on Isabel. There was something mischievous in her eyes and a slight smile curing her lips.

‘Nothing.’ Isabel said a little too hastily.’ Their eyes met and, blushing, she added. ’I just thought when you had a moment you could try and release the rest of us.’

---

‘Thirty four minutes…’ The timer said.

Helpless in her tiny prison, Isabel watched Charlotte bend to retrieve the keys that had fallen out of the ball when she’d released her right hand. The blonde really was magnificent and for a moment, watching her, Isabel didn’t mind that she was cramped and stiff and plugged; if Charlotte was going to be the one releasing her, if that body was going to be near hers then she would happily endure more captivity. The feeling strengthened when Charlotte took a step towards her and she felt a ripple of pleasure in her nipples and her pussy.

‘Ooooh.’ Charlotte said, clearly feeling the same, one hand going to her chastity belt. ‘I think the system is designed to give us little hints when we’re on the right track.’

‘I figured that too,’ said Tiffany with more than a hint of playfulness in her voice.

Isabel heard the sound of one of the keys turning in a lock and the roof of her tiny cage opened.

‘Well, look at you.’ Said Charlotte.

Isabel felt one of the blonde’s hands on her bottom.

‘All dressed up and no place to go.’

The blonde slapped her hard.

‘That’s for the enema.’

‘It got us out.’ Isabel protested, her bottom stinging. ‘Actually, it got you out.’

‘Yes, it did, didn’t it.’ Charlotte’s hand caressed Isabel’s bottom again. The tingle this time was nothing to do with Kink’s feedback system. ‘And here you are, trussed up like the proverbial and completely at my mercy.’

‘Are you going to get me out of here?’ Isabel asked.

‘Soon…’ Charlotte purred. One of her hands slid up Isabel’s body and the other slipped down between her legs. ‘You really are helpless aren’t you.’ Her fingers explored the chains holding Isabel in place, the ones from her ankle cuffs and her thighs and what must be the sides of her chastity belt. Isabel felt her unclip the wire on her clit ring but then the blonde gently pulled on it. ‘A chain here…’ The other hand moved to Isabel’s left breast. ‘Chains here too.’ She lifted Isabel’s breast and the clamp tightened.

‘Do you mind!’ Isabel was torn between the desire to remove the clamps pinching her nipples and the pleasure of Charlotte’s hands on her breasts.

‘Not at all.’ Said Charlotte. ‘Have these shrunk?’ The blonde sounded puzzled but then finger flicked the nipple ring and her right hand joined her left and she cupped Isabel’s breasts in her fingers, lifting them both and making the nipple clamps tighten again. She leaned down and whispered in Isabel’s ear. ‘These are really sensitive.’ She teased Isabel’s clamped nipples. ‘Can I play with these when we get out.’

Isabel gave a small gasp. ‘If we get out.’ She said, disquieted by the sensations Charlotte was creating in her body. ‘Can I remind you we’re on a timer.’

‘Those little breasts you had before would fit my dress better now.’ Charlotte said undaunted by any urgency.

‘Except that we’re all naked.’ Isabel said remembering the night she’d borrowed Charlotte’s old prom dress, the silver one with the slit that came up to her hip; she’d borrowed some stockings too and some of Charlotte’s lingerie…and something to stuff in her bra.

‘Thirty minutes…’ The counter said. ‘Basic punishment mode engaged.’

‘Ow.’ Isabel jumped as the gentle warmth in her nipple became a spark and then the searing flame. ‘What are you doing?’

Charlotte jumped back too. ‘That wasn’t me!’

Isabel tried to kneel up but felt the restriction of chains clicking taut on her collar and the pull of tight clamps on her nipples.

Charlotte reached below her again.

‘Hurry up.’ Isabel cried.

‘It’s hurting my fingers too!’ Charlotte called.

‘And it’s burning my nipples!’ Isabel shouted.

‘Ow…ow…ow…’ Charlotte succeeded in removing the electric clips from Isabel’s nipple rings. ‘Want me to do the clamps too?’ the blonde teased. ‘Or have you developed a bondage fetish too?’

‘Ungghhh.’ At that moment, Priya screamed into her gag and began struggling violently against the heavy straps holding her to the chair.

‘Go and help Priya.’ Isabel said.

Charlotte moved quickly and Isabel watched as the blonde grasped the wires running to Priya’s nipples. She pulled on them but they held firm and Priya jerked as her nipples were stretched, sparks still flying across them. The Indian girl’s body was arched tightly in her bonds and she was breathing rapidly around her gag.

‘Just take them off!’ Shouted Isabel.

Charlotte reached out gingerly and grasped the clips, dropping them quickly.

Priya slumped back, her large breasts rising and falling with her heavy breathing.

Charlotte stepped behind her and began to unfasten her gag.

‘A little help here too, please.’ Tiffany’s voice was strained and a moment later her knees buckled.

‘Oh, right…’ Charlotte looked up. ‘Look can you wait while I just…’

‘I can’t fucking wait you blonde bimbo.’ Tiffany screamed. ‘Someone’s holding a cattle prod to my clit.’

To Charlotte’s credit, she blushed rather than baulked and, pulling Priya’s gag from her mouth, tucked it into one of the straps across her chest to stop it dangling from the girl's clamped nipples. Then she teetered towards Tiffany where the redhead knelt moaning on the ground, bending to undo the clip on the redhead’s clit ring.

---

‘I did not enjoy that!’ Priya said as her breathing settled. ‘Remind me to put that as one of the limits on my profile; no electrical torture.’

‘Don’t tell me you’re still into bondage after this?’ Isabel said.

‘Of course.’ Priya said, ‘and now I’m no longer a virgin my options are open. I can play the field; find myself a really kinky man. Perhaps that Professor would be interested…I think he likes me.’

‘Priya.’ Tiffany cried, still kneeling on the floor, hooded and restrained. ‘He’s kidnapped and tortured us.’

‘He’s good at bondage though…but I’m going to have to be strict with him about my limits; I don’t want my titties getting fried.’

‘Twenty six minutes…’

‘Much as I hate to quash your sexual fantasies with our kidnapper, Priya.’ Isabel said. ‘It’s going to come true for all of us if we don’t get a move on.’

‘You’re no fun sometimes.’ Priya scolded. ‘Besides, he didn’t kidnap us, we entered his Escape Room Challenge.’

‘Do you want me to gag her again?’ Charlotte asked, turning to glare at Priya as she helped Tiffany to her feet.

‘You can if you want to.’ Priya said. ‘I quite like being gagged.’

‘Don’t tempt me.’ Charlotte hissed.

‘Let’s just get out of here.’ Isabel said then kinky Princess Jasmin can get her rocks off to her heart’s content.’

‘You know that’s completely culturally inappropriate.’ Priya said. ‘I’m Indian and a Hindu!’

---

Charlotte removed Priya’s hood but the straps around her body were locked in place.

‘I don’t mind,’ said Priya, her long dark eyelashes fluttering as she grew used to the light and looked around her. ‘I expect the keys will turn up sometime.’ She squirmed making the leather of her restraints creak. ‘Do you guys all have butt plugs?’

‘Yes.’ Charlotte said grumpily. ‘Some of us are walking around with an enema inside us too.’

‘Now that sounds interesting.’

‘Believe me it’s not.’ Charlotte snapped, returning to Isabel. ‘Ready?’

‘As I’ll ever be.’

Charlotte removed the clamps from Isabel’s nipples.

‘Umnmgghh.’ Isabel clamped her jaw shut.

The other keys fitted the padlocks holding Isabel in the cage and, gratefully, she unfolded herself, kneeling up. Her wrists remained cuffed behind her back and locked to the chastity belt she discovered she was wearing; her ankles were chained together too.

‘Twenty minutes…’

Isabel stood up, stretching as best she could and wobbling slightly.

‘Do you want some help getting out?’ Charlotte asked.

‘It would be nice.’ Isabel forced the words out as she looked down. Her cage was about two feet off the floor and she didn’t fancy jumping in her heels with her ankles chained together.

‘Don’t worry.’ Charlotte reached up. ‘I won’t tell anyone.’

She lifted Isabel with relative ease, depositing her on the floor in front of her.

‘So, would you have me as your leading man?’

Isabel smiled. It may have been something to do with the tingling in her nipples that suggested they were progressing with the escape or perhaps it was the way Charlotte had asked her what she thought or perhaps it was the way the blonde was standing very close in front of her, holding her. ‘You’ll do.’ Isabel said, looking down to hide the blush she knew was spreading up her neck onto her face.

‘She’s definitely missing something for a male ballet dancer,’ Tiffany said, still hooded and tightly restrained.

‘Trust me, it’s mostly codpiece and socks,’ Isabel said.

Charlotte was still holding her, still looking at her with those cobalt blue eyes that were as different to Tiffany’s as sky was to the sea. The blonde really was stunning…lithe and so pretty. Isabel remembered the moment on the bridge as they explored from the underwater base, her body and Charlotte’s pressed together, their intimate piercings linked, breasts touching, skin brushing skin, their mouths forced together by the rings that had pierced their tongues.

She thought for a moment that Charlotte might kiss her again but she didn’t.

‘Whoa!’ Priya said. ‘Now I know what I missed. Honestly, you two…get a room.’

Isabel felt her blush rise and looked away, frighteningly aware of their nearness. Then turned back for one more look. ‘Thanks.’

In front of her eyes, Charlotte blushed.

‘We should find the other keys,’ the blonde said, turning away.

---

Frantic searching for an extra key spilt from Charlotte’s hand restraints and a fairly intimate search of Tiffany’s helpless and tightly restrained body moved them no further forward. In truth it had been Charlotte who had done most of the searching with Isabel following at her heels somewhat uselessly with her wrists cuffed behind her back and her ankles fastened together by a single chain link.

‘Fifteen minutes remaining…’ The voice said. ‘Final sequence engaged.’

Isabel had a feeling she knew what was coming but it was Tiffany who gasped first.

‘Did you do that, Charlotte?’ the redhead asked from where she stood, still hooded and still in the same bondage which she had awoken in at the start of the session and still chained by her clit ring.

‘What?’ Charlotte had just left the helpless redhead and was about to start on Priya. ‘Oh, that… No, not me.’

Isabel felt it too, the plugs inside her starting to vibrate in much the same way that the rings piercing her erogenous zones had done while they searched for the keys earlier. She did her best to suppress the feeling but it was insistent.

‘Are you rattling?’ said Charlotte, turning towards her.

Isabel took a tiny step back. She’d heard the sound too and knew where it was coming from.

‘It’s…’

‘You’re rattling.’ Charlotte pounced forward making Isabel try to step back again, try to take too large a step and fall backwards.

Fortunately, Charlotte caught her and lowered her to the floor and Isabel lay back and slightly on her side with her hands cuffed behind her to the chastity belt trying to keep her knees together.

‘Izzy!’ Charlotte said sternly, those blue eyes flashing.

‘Do you have to?’ Isabel’s knees parted a little as she spoke. She knew it wasn’t just the buzz of her intimate piercings telling her that Charlotte was right that made her say it.

‘You know I do.’ Charlotte leant gently on Isabel’s knees pushing them apart and then reached down between her legs. ‘Ah!’

‘What?’ Isabel whispered. ‘Oh!’ She swallowed. ‘Ohh!’

Charlotte grasped the base of the dildo that was protruding from Isabel’s chastity belt and turned as if she were unscrewing something then pulled. Isabel looked up hoping the blonde might go further, might take advantage of her.

Two keys slid out and Charlotte held them up.

‘Oh!’ Isabel looked at them suddenly disappointed; perhaps it was the way the vibrator was buzzing inside her or perhaps it was the way Charlotte’s fingers and hair had brushed her thighs or perhaps it was the way the blonde had so casually made her spread her legs and…

---

The keys fitted the locks to Priya’s bonds and the lock for the chain to Tiffany’s clit ring.

‘Seven minutes remaining…’

Priya, still wearing her harness was leading Tiffany, still hooded and restrained in the tight harness and reverse prayer tie with her ankles cuffed together; the Indian girl had her finger hooked in one of Tiffany’s nipple rings; Charlotte holding on to a ring in the back of Tiffany’s harness was guiding, Isabel whose wrists and ankles were still cuffed. Isabel wasn’t sure she wanted the blonde to use her clit ring for the purpose but she had little choice.

‘Which way?’ Asked Priya.

‘That way, I think.’ Isabel nodded in the vague direction she recalled Kink had indicated.

After leaving the circle of light in which they’d found themselves at the start, the lights had gone out completely so that none of the girls could see any more than Tiffany.

‘Are you sure this is the right way?’ Priya asked.

‘Probably,’ said Isabel, shuffling with the tiny steps allowed by the single ring linking her ankle cuffs.

‘He definitely came from this way.’ Charlotte said. ‘Besides, I think we’re all agreed, the lovely professor has built a little guide to let us know if we’re getting warm.’

Isabel could hear the edge in the blonde’s voice, betraying her anxiety and telling her that the chastity belt with its butt plug and vaginal dildo was doing exactly the same thing to her as it was to Isabel.

‘How much further do you think it is?’ Priya asked.

‘Search me,’ Isabel said.

‘I might just do that,’ whispered Charlotte, pulling Isabel close. ‘You don’t have a flashlight hidden anywhere secret do you?’

‘I don’t think so.’ Isabel said, suddenly wanting Charlotte’s hands roaming across her helpless body in search of anything useful she might discover. It was bad enough that the blonde had a finger hooked in her clit ring. ‘I’m sure we’ll come to a wall or a door or something soon.’

She certainly hoped so, she wasn’t sure she could control herself for much longer. The nipple rings and the dildos were starting to go way beyond pleasant distraction.

‘Why do you think he’s doing this?’ Priya asked.

‘Why would any weird kinky guy kidnap four young women then tie them up and sexually tease them?’ Tiffany said.

‘Do you think he’s watching us?’ Priya asked.

‘Watching us?’ Charlotte exclaimed. ‘This is probably streaming us on the internet; or if it’s not then it bloody well should be. The escape from the base was pretty wild but Kink would make a killing with this one; four hot girls in bondage doing all kinds of perverted things to escape.’

‘He couldn’t be.’ Isabel said. ‘I mean, everyone watching would know we’d been kidnapped.’

‘We did sign up for a live stream.’ Tiffany said. ‘I’m guessing this one is subscription only.’

‘You mean people will see me like this?’ Priya asked, horrified. ‘What if my parents are watching?’

‘Are your parents in the habit of watching bondage porn?’ Tiffany said.

‘Well, I suppose my father might be,’ Priya reasoned.

‘I can’t believe he’d do this to us!’ Isabel said as much to convince herself as the others.

‘Izzy, are you enjoying this?’ Tiffany asked.

‘Of course not,’ Isabel snapped. ‘Well, not really, it’s just that…I’m…’

‘You’re horny as hell, aren’t you.’ Tiffany said.

‘Well, I do have…it’s the rings in my…my nipples and…down below…’

‘Your clit!’ Tiffany suggested helpfully.

‘Yes, the ring in my clitoris is causing particular problems.’ Isabel informed her. ‘And then there’s the…plugs.’

‘One in each hole?’ Tiffany asked.

‘Well, yes… But I do wish you wouldn’t put it like that.’

‘I can’t believe I didn’t get a chastity belt too.’ Priya said. ‘You guys are so lucky. I’ve only got the rings to distract me and a butt plug,’ she paused. ‘Perhaps the professor does like me. Perhaps he’s going to tie me down and have his wicked way…’

‘Priya.’ Isabel said. ‘That’s rape.’

‘Not if you consent to it.’

‘And you’d let him…? Isabel asked.

‘We’re here.’ Priya stopped them. ‘I can feel a wall.’

They cannoned into each other now in total darkness, Isabel bouncing back from Charlotte and nearly falling because of her chained ankles and the heels.

‘Is there a door?’

‘I can’t feel one.’

‘I think Priya and Charlotte should follow the wall to see if they can find a door. Tiffany and I can stay here.’

‘Sounds like a plan.’ Charlotte said. ‘Don’t go wandering off.’

Isabel felt Charlotte’s hand pat her bottom.

‘Especially you.’

Something that might have been Charlotte’s lips brushed the side of Isabel’s neck.

That’s when she realised just how aroused she was.

‘Five minutes…’ The voice said.

---

There were three minutes to go when Charlotte called to say she’d found the door. And in those intervening two minutes Isabel had tried to ignore the vibrator buzzing between her legs or the vibrations in her nipple rings which seemed to have reached a fever pitch. She could only imagine the stimulation Charlotte might be experiencing as the one who had found the door.

‘Two minutes, fifty five…’

If they moved quickly, they might just make it.

‘Come on, Tiff.’ Isabel tried to keep her voice steady as she started a frustratingly hobbled shuffle in the direction of Charlotte’s call knowing that if she fell it would probably take her too much time to stand up.

‘Izzy!’ Tiffany called urgently. ‘I can’t see.’ Her voice was an odd mix of arousal and fear.

‘Neither can I.’ Isabel felt those same heady sensations. ‘It’s pitch black in here.’ The excitement, the brink of escape, the fear of…climax.

‘Izzy,’ Tiffany said quietly and urgently. ‘Please don’t go without me.’

‘Oh, Tiff.’ Isabel turned and tottered towards her friend’s voice and they bumped together. She turned again, groping with her cuffed hands to find something she could hold and finding Tiffany’s clit ring. ‘Is this what I think it is?’

‘Sure is,’ Tiffany said, suddenly bright. ‘You know I wouldn’t let just anybody hold me like this.’ She paused and then added, ‘Mistress.’

‘Don’t call me that.’ Isabel started forward, nearly stumbling in her haste, towing Tiffany behind her. ‘Charlotte. Where are you?’ She called.

‘This way.’

It was slower and even more awkward with Tiffany bumping into her and their feet and legs knocking together. They both nearly fell several times.

‘One minute…’

‘Izzy,’ Tiffany whispered. ‘How many times have you cum?’

‘What?’

‘Since we started this escape.’ Tiffany’s voice was a hoarse whisper.

‘What do you mean?’ Izzy asked, frustrated by their slow pace.

‘I must have had six or seven orgasms since I woke up like this.’ She was breathing hard. ‘It might not be good being kept here like this but it’s certainly fulfilling.’ She gave a short laugh. ‘Go on, you can tell me. How many times?’

‘None.’ It seemed obvious to Isabel. Why, she wondered, would a girl in this situation allow herself to climax for the pleasure of their captor? It wasn’t that she didn’t feel a need; the throbbing in her nipples was now almost unbearable and the vibrations between her legs had ratcheted up a gear; as they’d inched their way towards the door; she was sure she could feel fluid from her sex dripping from the chastity belt and running down her legs and she could hear the arousal in her voice, feel it in her flushed cheeks.

There would be time later to satisfy herself if she still felt the need. She certainly wasn’t going to give Kink the satisfaction of watching her for his sordid pleasure and the pleasure of anyone else who might be watching them.

‘What do you mean, none?’ Tiffany said, sounding confused. ‘How can you not have cum?’

At that point Priya caught them up.

‘Charlotte, how far?’ Isabel’s voice was taut with strain.

‘I don’t know but you sound close.’ Charlotte called back from what seemed like a few metres away.

‘Bloody close…’ The vibrator in Isabel’s chastity belt seemed to move up another gear.

‘I can’t believe you haven’t cum!’ Tiffany persisted. ‘You must be desperate.’

‘She hasn’t cum yet,’ Tiffany announced.

‘What?’ Priya asked in surprise. ‘I’ve had several lovely orgasms.’

‘Will you shut up,’ Isabel said.

‘Come on.’ Priya’s hand brushed against Isabel’s body, her fingers sliding across it as she sought something to hold her by and found her right nipple ring.

‘Priya, please be careful…’ Isabel staggered. ‘Oh no, not now…’

‘Isabel?’ Priya called.

Isabel staggered again.

‘Thirty seconds…’

‘Isabel. What is it?’

‘Oh my.’ Isabel fought to control the orgasm; she only had to hold it for another thirty seconds…twenty eight by now, surely.

Priya hooked a finger in Isabel’s other nipple ring and pulled and Tiffany collided with her from behind driving the butt plug deeper inside her and moving the chastity belt against her sex.

‘No!’ Isabel screamed as her legs buckled and she fell to her knees pulling Tiffany down behind her.

‘Isabel!’ Priya urged, barely managing to disengage her fingers from Isabel’s piercing ring before she ripped the piercing out. ‘What’s happening?’

Isabel screamed.

‘Izzy?’ Charlotte called from the door.

‘Oh fuck!’ Said Tiffany. ‘She’s going to cum.’

It was the last thing Isabel remembered before she howled with pleasure, the orgasm ripping through her captive body and rendering her incapable of thinking about anything else.
