---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Halloween Mummy
authors:
- Abrank
tags:
- F-m
- costume
- wrap
- bandage
- tape
- electro
- tease
- toys
- insert
- public
- denial
- cons
- X
date: 2006-11-25 00:00:00
---

“Will you marry me?”
“Perhaps. But you haven’t met my mother yet, and I want to see what she
says before I decide,” replied Destiny.
“You need your mother’s approval?” asked Daniel in surprise.
“No I don’t need it, but I want it,”.
“When can we see her?”
“All in good time.” She kissed him then continued, “We aren’t in any
hurry are we?”

“No, I suppose not, but I love you and want to marry
you.”
“Well I love you too, and I’ll consider your proposal to be an open
invitation. By the way do you want to go trick or treating on
Halloween?”
“Aren’t we a bit too old?”
“Perhaps, but if we dress up we can pretend we’re teenagers again.”
“Well, I’d rather spend the evening making love to you.”
“I’ve been thinking.”
“Yes?” said Daniel suspiciously.
“You know how you love to be bandaged up as a mummy? I could dress you
as a walking mummy and lead you around.”
“That doesn’t sound right. One of the things I like about being a mummy
is the feeling of utter helplessness.”
“Oh I could make you completely helpless, believe me. Do you want to try
it?”
“Well…”
“I think it would be sexy, being a helpless mummy in public.”
“OK, I’ll try it.”
“Good. I’m sure you’ll find it exciting. But you have to do everything I
tell you. Promise?”
“I promise.”
“Good. No backing out now. I won’t marry a man who breaks his promises.
Now put those handcuffs on and make love to me, I feel very sexy.”

\* \* \*

During the next two weeks Destiny completed her preparations for
Daniel’s walking mummification. She had been planning for months and had
ordered several electronic items online. From the local hardware store
she bought two angles, two three-foot metal strips, two shorter strips,
and two rolls of duct tape. The angles, a measuring tool used by
woodworkers, had two graduated steel arms at right angles each twelve
inches long.

Finally it was Halloween and when Daniel returned to their home in
Scottsdale after work, he found Destiny already dressed as Catwoman. Her
large breasts bulged out over her inadequate bra and were barely held in
place by retaining leather straps.
“Wow you look sexy! But don’t you think it’s going a bit too far.”
“Perhaps, but I want to be the center of attention. You’ll be all
wrapped up in yourself and won’t care if anyone’s looking at you or
not.”
He embraced her and pulled her close to him, his erect penis pressing
into the front of her sexy leather outfit. “Do you want to make love?”
“Yes, but not now. We don’t have much time. Get undressed and go to the
toilet, then come back so I can start wrapping you.”
Daniel looked apprehensively at the equipment she had laid out on the
table then did as he was told.
When he returned she started by making him hold a small rubber ball in
each hand then fastened bondage mittens tightly over them. She wrapped
his right arm from wrist to shoulder in a single layer of bandage then
asked him to bend his elbow ninety degrees. She positioned a metal angle
on each side of his arm and placed large rubber bands over them to hold
them in place. She began to wrap duct tape around the angles and his
arm, looping it back and forth to secure his arm rigidly between them.
Daniel was puzzled. His arms had always been straight down at his side
in all his previous mummifications. “Why are you doing this?” he asked.
“You need to carry something to hold the candy don’t you?”
“I suppose so.”
She finished wrapping the duct tape and then buckled a leather cuff
around his wrist. She padlocked a small chain to the D-ring so that the
end dangled. Picking up the roll of bandage she wrapped several layers
round his arm leaving only the chain exposed.
“Can you straighten your elbow?” she asked.
He tried. The binding held his arm quite tightly and he could flex his
elbow only a fraction.
“No,” he said.
“Good,” she said and proceeded to wrap his left arm, keeping it
straight. She wrapped bandages around his waist and lower chest to
immobilize his left arm against his body.
Next she wrapped his feet and bandaged his legs. Then she placed the
metal struts on either side of each leg, the shorter strips on the
inside. She fixed them loosely in place with duct tape, then proceeded
to secure them firmly at his thighs, knees and ankles with more duct
tape. She finished by wrapping them with layers of bandages as she had
done with his right arm.
“Try to walk around,” she said.
He walked stiff-leggedly around the room.
“Do you think you can walk around the streets like that?”
“I think so.”
“Good. I was thinking of making you wear high-heeled shoes to make your
walk even more interesting, but they would make you too tall, and I
don’t want you falling over and messing up my nice white bandages. Here,
lift your right leg.”
He lifted his leg and she forced his foot into a trainer, laced it up
then applied bandages over it. She did the same with his left leg.
“They’ll probably come loose when you walk, but at least you will start
off looking fully wrapped. Try walking now.”
He took a few steps.
“How do you feel?”
“Good.”
“Any problems so far?”
“No, but why the chain on my wrist?”
“You’re going to be carrying something important and I want to make sure
you don’t drop it.”
“What kind of thing?”
“You’ll see. Actually you won’t see so I’ll tell you. You’re going to be
carrying a pumpkin bucket. But it’s more than it appears from the
outside; the bottom half contains batteries and some electronic
circuits.”
She put his head harness on and tightened the straps. She attached the
blindfold but not the gag.
“What kind of electronic circuits?” he asked.
“They’re trick or treat circuits. Now no more questions, you’ll find out
what they are soon enough. This harness is not too tight I hope?”
“No, I’m fine,” he said. She usually made him wear it when she mummified
him.
She inserted a cold butt plug into his ass and fastened the leather
straps of its harness. He gasped as it went in. It felt different from
those he had experienced previously, but it was not large and felt
reasonably comfortable once he had overcome the initial shock.
Half a minute later she asked, “How does this feel?”
He felt a throbbing tingling sensation in his ass. This was a new
experience; they had not tried electro play before.
“It tingles. What are you doing? Did you get something new?”
“Yes, I bought it especially for you. How about this?”
The shocks grew stronger and seemed to pulse.
“Wow! It feels sexy.”
“Do you feel like cumming?”
“Not really, but it’s nice.”
“How about now?”
The shocks grew much stronger and seemed to affect his muscles. He began
to move his pelvis in response.
“Wow! I, er, that’s really something. Maybe I could cum. Yes I feel
something.”
“Is this better?”
The shocks become even stronger.
“Yes I think so. Ow, this is intense. Could I lie down?”
The shocks abruptly stopped.
“OK, that’s the setting. I think I’ll give you thirty seconds.”
Destiny next turned her attention to Daniel’s penis. She applied his
leather cock-and-ball harness. His erection grew harder. He felt
something cold being forced down his urethra.
“That feels weird.”
“Don’t worry, it’s not meant to hurt you.”
He felt her wrapping something around his penis.
“Tell me what this feels like.”
He felt a series of shocks in his penis. They gradually grew stronger.
“Ow! They’re beginning to hurt.”
“OK, I’ll back off. I think I’ll set this to fifteen seconds.”
“What do you mean, fifteen seconds?”
“Never you mind. It’s meant to be a Halloween surprise.”
She picked up a modified posture collar and said, “Hold your head up.”
She buckled it around his neck. “Now talk to me.”
“What about?”
“Anything.”
“OK. Do you want to hear how much I love you, or how much I like being a
mummy?”
“Either, but just keep talking, I’m making some adjustments.”
“OK. I really love you and want to marry you and want to spend the rest
of my life with you. I think you’re sexy and have a beautiful body, and
I love that catsuit you have on. It shows off your body, particularly
your big beautiful breasts.”
“That’s great. Now whisper.”
“How shall I compare thee to a Summer’s day? Thou art more lovely and
more temperate. No that’s not right, thou art more hot. I forget the
rest. Is that enough?”
“Yes that’s enough. Those were beautiful things you said. If mother
approves of you perhaps I will marry you.”
She taped some electrodes to his nipples saying, “I’m taping some wires
to your chest. I would really like them to be secured to nipple
piercings. If I agree to marry you, will you get your nipples pierced?”
“Yes of course. I’ll do anything you ask.”
“Oh good, it’s getting harder and harder to refuse you. Anyway, no more
talking.” She put the ball gag into his mouth and tightened the strap.
“Now don’t try to talk. I’ve attached wires to various parts of your
body. They’re my trick or treat present to you. The wires to your cock
and ass are your treat and are meant to give you pleasure and will be
activated when anyone squeezes your hand. Those to your chest are the
trick and are meant to give you pain. They will be activated if you try
to talk. Your posture collar has sensors that work like those in dog
collars that shock them if they bark. But I’ve set it so you can whisper
to me, not that I’ll be able to hear you through the gag. So I guess
you’ll be quite mute, just like a real mummy. Now keep still while I
finish connecting the wires and wrapping you.”
He stood quite still while she finishing wrapping him with bandages. He
was at attention except for his right forearm, which stuck out
horizontally in front. He felt her attach something heavy to the chain
on his right wrist. He was glad his arm was supported by the metal
angles, he could completely relax it and it did not droop.
“You’re all done. It’s time to get going. I don’t want the neighbors to
see me so we’re going for a little drive. You can relax; I won’t switch
on the circuits until we get there.”
She helped him get in the back of her SUV. She had removed seats so he
could lie down; it was uncomfortable bending at the hips.
The drive lasted fifteen minutes. He had no idea where she was taking
him and didn’t really care. The prospect of being a walking mummy with
electrical treats excited him.
The car stopped and Destiny helped him get out of her SUV and stand up.
“I’ve activated your circuits. I forgot to tell you, there’s no off
switch, so you’ll have to wait till I get you unwrapped before I can
turn them off. So remember, no talking till tomorrow.”
Daniel wondered how long she was going to keep him mummified. It sounded
as if it was going to be all night.
“I’d better check that your circuits are working.”
He felt Destiny touch his right hand and immediately his butt plug came
to life. The electric pulses seemed to come from more than once place
and were quite stimulating. He began to clench his buttock muscles and
move his hips in response. He felt increasingly aroused and wondered if
he would cum if the shocks kept going long enough.
“Hmm. That gives me an idea,” said Destiny.
Daniel felt her stand in front of him and embrace him. The shocks made
him thrust his pelvis repeatedly into her. He hoped no one was watching
them.
“This suggests all kinds of possibilities,” she said. “I think you might
be getting mummified more often in the future.”
The pulsing abruptly stopped. He remembered that she had mentioned
something about thirty seconds, perhaps they were on a timer. His pelvic
muscles continued to twitch. He felt disappointed; he was really
enjoying the sensation and wanted it to continue. He wondered how he
could activate the switch, but it did not seem possible. The only motion
he could achieve with his right arm was to move it a little from side to
side.
“I’ll give you commands so you can navigate around the streets. Just
trust me and obey them. I promise not to let you walk into a cactus. OK,
walk. Left. Left a bit more.”
He heard some people approaching and he felt someone touch his hand,
presumably Destiny. His butt plug became active again so he stopped.
“Keep walking,” Destiny said.
He was not sure if he could. He was now definitely aroused and his hips
were moving again. But he wanted to please Destiny so began to walk
awkwardly, his hips jerking as he staggered forwards.

“Book!” he heard a youth say as the group passed him.
He felt embarrassed, but at least he was anonymous beneath his bandages.
He was getting quite turned on when the pulses stopped. His walk became
more normal.
He wished Destiny would squeeze his hand again, he could not remember a
time when he had felt a greater desire for her to hold his hand. But he
was afraid to ask her. He feared the nipple shocks; he knew she could be
quite cruel sometimes.
“Right,” said Destiny.
He turned right and she guided him for a few minutes then said, “Stop.”
After a few seconds he heard a door open.
“Trick or treat,” said Destiny.
“You are a big girl,” he heard a woman say. “Here, you better take
several pieces.”
“Thank you,” Destiny said.
Destiny told Daniel to turn and start walking, then guided him to the
next house. He wasn’t sure if he was enjoying the walk or not. The
situation was arousing, but he wished she would touch his hand again. He
couldn’t ask her, but perhaps if he managed to collide with her the
contact with his hand would give him the treat he wanted.
“Trick or treat,” she said.
“Hi,” a man said.
“Would you like to see my mummy dance for you?”
“If you want.”
Daniel felt Destiny squeeze his hand. This time his penis got shocked.
After the initial surprise he felt very aroused. The shocks were quite
erotic, unlike the painful ones he had experienced during the test when
she was setting the intensity. They seemed to run up and down the length
of his shaft. He knew he was soon going to have an orgasm and began to
move his pelvis in response. He was just approaching the climax, but had
not reached the point of no return, when the shocks stopped leaving him
hanging and frustrated.
“I don’t think you should do that with children around,” said the man.
“Of course not,” replied Destiny. “But perhaps you’re right, I won’t do
it again. Thanks for the candy.” She guided Daniel away from the house
and down the driveway.
Daniel felt very frustrated. He badly wanted an orgasm, but it seemed as
if he was not going to get one. He was also disappointed; it seemed as
if the evening would not be filled with the pleasure he had been
anticipating. But perhaps Destiny would give him one when they got back
home. At least he could hope for that.
He also hoped they wouldn’t stay out too long. Although walking with
inflexible legs had seemed easy to begin with, it was proving to be
quite tiring. He would allow her to take to him to a few more houses,
but when he got too tired he would indicate to her that he wanted to go
home. He thought he could do this without getting shocked by simply
standing still and refusing to go any further.
Destiny interrupted his thoughts by saying, “I’ve been squeezing your
hand gently and touching only one spot at a time. There are pressure
switches all round it so if I held your hand firmly like a normal person
I would activate both your cock and ass circuits. The pulses would then
be stronger and last a full minute. That should give you the orgasm you
probably want. I promise you’ll get one before the night is over.”
Daniel felt relieved. The evening wasn’t going to be wasted after all.
He just hoped that she would do it in private and not in front of
someone. He also hoped he could control his sounds; he didn’t want to
cry out and receive punishing shocks to his nipples.
They reached the third house.
A door opened and he could hear a babble of voices, it sounded like a
large party.
“Trick or treat,” said Destiny.
“Why it’s Destiny!” a woman said. “What a surprise. How lovely to see
you. We’ve got a bit of a party going on. Do come in and join us, you
can bring your friend in as well.”
“I’ll have to help him up the steps,” said Destiny. “He can’t walk very
well in his costume.”
She supported him as he struggled to mount the steps. The party noise
increased and Daniel knew he was finally inside the house.
“I’m afraid it’s more than a bit of a party,” said the woman, “I think
we’ve got upwards of fifty guests.”
“Mom, this is the man I told you about. He’s asked me to marry him.”
“Has he indeed?”
“Yes. Do you approve of him?”
“I think he looks charming. Congratulations, I think you’re going to be
very happy my dear.”
“Here’s your answer Daniel,” said Destiny. “Yes, I will.”
“Let me be the first to congratulate you,” said Destiny’s mother as she
squeezed his hand. “I’m sure you will be good to my daughter. I wish you
both every happiness and success. You needn’t do that that now,” she
added noting that he was rocking his hips back and forth. “You’ll have
plenty of time for that later.”
Daniel was in a state of joy; Destiny had agreed to marry him! But his
mind wasn’t functioning properly, Destiny’s mother had activated both
his penis and ass circuits and the synchronized pulses were so strong
that he couldn’t help moving his pelvis to their demanding rhythm. They
were so erotic he felt he was going to climax in just a few seconds.
He dimly heard Destiny’s mother clap her hands. “Listen up everyone.
I’ve an announcement to make. My daughter Destiny has just become
engaged.” There was a brief sound of applause. “The lucky man is this
mummy here. I don’t think he can say much but I’m sure he’d appreciate
you all coming up and shaking his hand to congratulate him.”
