---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/ponygirl/storiessz/tripofalifetime.html
subcategory: Giantess & Shrinking
title: The Trip of a Lifetime
authors:
- Richard Thomas
tags:
- MF+/m
- drug
- captive
- bond
- cuffs
- shave
- piercing
- brand
- ranch
- enslave
- ponyboy
- ponygirl
- oral
- anal
- sex
- denial
- climax
- cons/nc
- X
---

It didn’t set out to be that – I thought I was getting away from a bad situation to have a few adventures and then re-start my life when I had got the wanderlust out of my system. Let me introduce myself.

Here I am, Tom Jenkins, 27, 6’2" tall, pretty fit, blonde hair, been through University and, until a couple of months ago, had a good job in International Banking and making good money. But times are tough and eight weeks ago I was called in by my boss and told that I, and 50 others, were being paid off, and we were to clear our desks and leave the building immediately – usual practice in banks for security reasons, but still pretty brutal.

With the recession in full swing, the chances of finding another job at that moment – certainly one which paid as well – was slim. I had saved a bit, so decided I would take a break and go and see the world. I gave notice on my flat, put my belongings in storage, bought a ticket for Rio de Janeiro and headed off.

My mother had died a few years earlier, and my father had found himself a brainless blonde bimbo of a girlfriend who obviously had talents in bed sufficient to keep his cock besotted, so he and I barely communicated with each other anymore. I had had some great girlfriends in recent years, but most of the relationships had been purely physical and I had no special friend at the moment to say goodbye to.

So, with no connections or anyone to worry about me, I packed a knapsack and headed off to Heathrow to catch the BA flight to Rio. An adventure – but rather different from what I expected!

I spent a few days in Rio, visiting the sights, spending some time on the beach admiring the shapely Brazilian girls as they swayed up and down in their minute little tanga swimming costumes – not that they ever got anywhere near the water! I found a couple of good bars near my hotel and chatted to a few people, including a smartly dressed American guy called Tony who had lived in Brazil for years and spoke perfect Portuguese. He was very friendly and suggested that, if I really wanted to see Brazil, I should head into the interior, starting with Ouro Preto. He gave me an address there and said that I should ask for his friend Maria de Costa, who would be happy to show me around – and gave me a wink to indicate that she might be willing to show me a lot more!

A couple of days later I was in a coach heading up to Ouro Preto. It was an old gold-mining town, and full of classical buildings which had been built when the town was in its heyday. I checked into a motel-style hotel on the edge of town which Tony had recommended –smart but not too pricey –and rang the mobile number given to me and spoke to Maria. Her English was very good and she suggested that we meet up later that evening in the hotel bar.

Having had dinner, I was in the bar waiting when this very attractive young woman sashayed into the bar and moved straight towards me – being tall with blonde hair did rather make me stand out as a foreigner. She had an athlete’s body, really strong legs and thighs and a six-pack stomach which was shown off by the fact that she was wearing a small boob-tube which barely contained her amazing breasts! She came up to me and kissed me on both cheeks and said, "Tony said you are a good-looking man – he was right!"

I was certainly glad to meet her – having kissed me she kept her body pressed against me, and I offered to buy her a drink, and she asked for a rum and coke. It was obvious that she was a regular in the bar, as the bartender had already prepared two of them which he put on the bar. "Here’s to a good evening," Maria said, with a definite twinkle in her eye. We went and sat on a bench seat by the window, and spent a couple of hours chatting and laughing, she was excellent company. After a few drinks she leant against me and put her hand on my thigh, touching the outline of my rock hard cock, and whispered, "I have no plans for the rest of the night – do you?"

I said I had a comfortable bed not 20 yards away if she would like to join me. "I can think of nothing nicer – lead on, Tom, I can hardly wait."

In a couple of minutes we were closing the door to my room and within a few seconds after that we were both lying naked in bed and she slid down the bed and drew my cock into her mouth and started to suck like a Dyson. The sensation was wonderful and I was really looking forward to spreading her legs and fucking her wonderful body – but just at that moment I found that I was having difficulty keeping my eyes open, and within a few seconds I was unconscious.

As I started to wake up, I realised that things were not as they should be. To start with my mouth was gagged with a ball gag, and then leather cuffs had been fitted to my wrists and ankles and these were all connected behind my back by some kind of strapping so that I was unable to move. Just then Maria, now dressed again, moved into view and leant forward and kissed my cheek. I was still bollock naked, and despite my predicament, my cock became hard immediately.

Maria stroked my erection. "Relax, baby, you have a long journey in front of you, so save your energy – no-one has ever got out of those straps." Just then there was a knock on the bedroom door and Maria went to open it. Two large men came in and spoke quickly to Maria in Portuguese. One guy came to the bed and, as if I weighed no more than a feather, picked me up and slung me over his shoulder. Maria patted my bare buttocks and said, "See you tomorrow, Tom, at the ranch!"

Clearly the men had parked the truck right by the motel room, and so I was carried out and laid on the back seat. Luckily it was the height of summer and the night-time temperature rarely fell below 25 degrees centigrade, so despite being naked, I wasn't cold – but I still shivered with fear. I was in a strange country, no-one knew where I was, and I had been drugged and kidnapped. However, it was clear that there was nothing I could about it, and so in the end I fell asleep again as the pick-up truck rattled off into the night.

When I awoke some hours later, dawn was starting to creep up in the sky. I could just see through the window, and realised that we were in the middle of open country which was totally uninhabited – we passed no buildings for the last hour or so of the journey. Eventually we pulled off the main road and rattled down a dust track for several miles until barns and buildings eventually appeared, and the truck stopped outside them.

The truck door opened and I was picked up again, slung over the man's shoulder and carried into the building, along corridors until we came into a bright room and I deposited face down on a couch. The rope that held my legs and hands together was undone, but before I could move them, I was roughly turned onto my back and my wrists clipped into clamps beside my body, and then my legs spread wide and my ankles clipped into stirrups of the sort used for gynaecological examination - so my entire cock, balls and anus were exposed to full view.

Just then Maria walked into the room and stood beside me, her hand resting on my cock and gently massaging it. Despite my fear at my situation, my cock could not resist the sensation and grew in her hand until it was standing upright and throbbing as her skilled hand pleasured me. She smiled at me and said, "Well, Tom, not quite what you thought when you tried to get this fine cock into my cunt last night, is it? Let me explain what you have got yourself into".

"This is Five-X Ranch, which is owned by Tony Delancey, who you met in Rio. I am the Head Coach here and I have decided to train you myself. We pick up stray men and women and bring them here and retrain them as ponyboys and ponygirls, and then sell them to breeders and enthusiasts around the world. As you may have realised, the Ranch is over 100 kilometres from the nearest town, so escape is unthinkable – even if you did get out of the compound, in this heat you would die of exposure before you had gone 20 kilometres".

"My friend Doctor Ruth will be here before long to check you out and make some modifications, for now I am going to clean you up a bit. But first of all I am going to put your collar on." She had a collar in her hand which was both leather and metal, and she fitted it around my throat and I heard a ratchet mechanism slide together as it got tighter, not unpleasantly so, and then she said, "Now, Pony, this collar affects your vocal chords and you will find that you cannot speak any more – why would a pony want to speak, eh? Try and speak for me."

I tried to protest but found that a sort of gargling sound was all I could produce. I tried again and just a squeak came out. "Now then, young Pony, try and make the noise of a horse whinnying." I looked sullenly at my torturer and made no effort to obey. Suddenly her hand was around my balls and she squeezed viciously. I tried to scream in pain, but only another squeak came out. "Life is going to be a lot more pleasant if you learn quickly to do as I say," Maria said softly to me, but with considerable menace. I opened my mouth and tried to make the noise she wanted. At first it was useless, but after a few goes, I got out an approximate sound of a horse, and she removed her hand from my bollocks and wanked my cock a few times so it stood up erect again.

"Good boy, good Pony, not so difficult, was it? Now then, just lie there and relax and I am going to turn you into a smart and smooth pony. Here you are." She reached up and popped a sugar lump in my mouth, then she moved across the room and then returned with a canister which she proceeded to spray all over my crotch and arse. "This is depilatory cream, we want our ponies to be smooth and clean down there," she said as she worked the cream around my crack. "Right, I’ll leave that to work for a few minutes whilst we tidy up your hair. Let’s sit you up." She reached down and pulled a lever at the side of the couch and I felt the top half of my body rising up until I was sitting up. I then realised that my collar must be attached to the couch as I found I couldn’t move my head or neck in any way – I was completely at her mercy!

No sooner had I realised this than Maria appeared beside with a set of hairdresser’s electric clippers in her hands, placed her hand on my forehead and ran the clippers down the side of my head and removed a huge lump of my hair. I tried calling out in protest, but little more than a squeak came out.

"Don’t worry, little pony," she said calmly, "I’m very good at this – you’ll be the smoothest pony in the ranch in just a few minutes!"

I shut my eyes and tried to breath deeply to calm myself, but in only a couple more minutes Maria turned the clippers off and said, "There you are, look in this mirror, you’ll love it."

I opened my eyes but could hardly recognise the head facing me. I was completely bald except she had left a strip, about two inches wide, starting at the centre of my head and running back to the nape of my neck. "Much cooler when you’re working hard, Pony – you’ll love it, I promise you. Now then, let’s see how smooth you are." She produced a flannel and bowl of water and proceeded to wash my nether region, and as I was still sitting up, I could see that I was now totally hairless down there, which had the effect of making my cock seem even larger than before – I’m not enormous, about 8 inches long, but girlfriends have always complimented me in the width of my cock.

Maria pressed the lever at the side of the couch and I was returned to lying flat on my back again. "Now then, Pony, that’s enough excitement for the moment, you need a little rest before my friend Doctor Ruth comes to deal with you, so I suggest you go to sleep now – it will help later." Saying no more, she walked out of the room, turning off the lights so I found myself alone in the pitch black – and terrified. But the shock of the events of the last 12 hours soon overwhelmed me, and before long I was asleep in my shackles.

As I slowly woke up, I tried to work out what the noise was that woke me – it was coming from the other side of the room, but because I was strapped down and my neck locked in place by my collar, I couldn’t initially see what it was. But it very soon became clear what it was – someone was being seriously fucked, and I also realised that that person was Maria. Gradually I managed to ease my head slightly to the left and sure enough, Maria was stark naked and bent over a bench, and a tall blonde was clearly hammering their cock into her. Maria was clearly close to an orgasm and it only took a few more strokes for her to go screaming over the top as her body spasmed uncontrollably. The fucker rocked gently as Maria came down from her sexual high, then gave Maria’s bum a friendly slap and said, in quite a deep voice, "That’s enough for you today, slut! Come and see me tonight and we’ll spread that nice anus of yours!"

Just at that moment, the fucker pulled her cock out of Maria's soaking cunt and turned round – I had had several shocks, but this was the biggest so far – the fucker had a huge cock, dripping with cum and spunk, and the most superb set of breasts – the first transvestite I had ever met.

"Well, well," the fucker said conversationally, "I see our young pony is awake and ready for my services. Put your clothes on, slut, and go and get me my coat." The fucker turned to me and put her face close to mine. "I am Doctor Ruth, my fine young pony, and I am going to adorn you ready for your new life. My advice is to relax as there is nothing you can do to stop me, and when it is over, Maria here will take you away to be trained to perfection."

Just then Maria appeared beside her, dressed tidily now in cut-off shorts and a check shirt, although her hair was dishevelled from her recent fucking, and she handed Doctor Ruth her white surgical coat which the transvestite put on. Almost immediately Maria moved a trolley full of surgical instruments alongside the couch – I could see a frightening array of needles, knives and other surgical equipment. I struggled and tried to scream out, but no noise came out. Instead, Doctor Ruth put her face near to mine and hissed menacingly, "Listen to me Pony, I suggest you calm down, or I am going to have to take my cock out and bugger you until your anus bleeds, and if that doesn’t stop you, I’ll invite a couple of my friends to come and do the same to you. Nothing is going to happen to you that hasn’t happened to many other young ponies, so just relax. I assure you, you are much too valuable to us to risk damaging you."

I was still petrified, but I stopped struggling as it clearly wasn’t going to get me anywhere. Doctor Ruth picked up an aerosol can and went and stood between my legs which were still fixed in the stirrups. "This will feel cold, young pony, but it will numb you whilst I fit your control ring." She immediately sprayed me between my balls and my anus, and then picked up something off the tray. She took a fold of skin between my legs between her fingers and immediately pushed a thick needle through the fold. I could feel it happen although luckily the spray killed the pain. I saw Maria pass her a length of chain, about six inches long, with a silver ring at the end of it with a small opening in the ring, and Doctor Ruth clear fed the ring through the hole in my skin, then I heard the ring click shut. "There we go, Pony, that wasn’t too bad, was it? That ring cannot be removed without a bolt-cutter, and no-one round here has one of those!" Both she and Maria laughed at this. "Now then, you lucky Pony, the next process will require Maria to suck your cock – so not all bad, this treatment, is it!"

Maria moved forward and her head came down on my cock and she immediately started to suck me, her fingers simultaneously massaging my balls and flicking the new chain between my legs. This was far from erotic, but my cock inevitably reacted to such a talented cocksucker and within a minute was erect, very hard and moving towards cuming. Just then Maria stood up and said to Doctor Ruth, "How’s that?"

"Nice job, Maria, and he’s got a nice thick cock too, I think this fella might have a future in the stud yard if his sperm count is good and he responds well to training. Now then Pony, sorry I can’t use the spray for this one, but it might damage the cells in your cock, and we don’t want to spoil this beautiful prick of yours, do we?" As she was speaking she was wiping my cock with a medical wipe, then she firmly gripped my cock and pushed the thick needle though the underside of my cock, about an inch from the crown. It hurt like hell and I screamed in vain, but already Maria had given her another large ring which she fitted through the new hole and sprung closed. "Well done, Pony, nearly done, one more to go." I was already sweating with the shock of her last attack, but she now produced what looked like a large pair of pliers, held my nose with one hand and put the pliers either side of the septum in the middle of my nostrils and quickly squeezed them closed, punching a hole. Maria passed her another large ring which she fitted through the hole and snapped it closed.

"OK, Maria, let’s leave our pony to have a little rest to get over this part of his treatment. Leave him on the trolley and turn the lights out." Doctor Ruth squeezed my bollocks and said, "Get some rest, Pony, I’ll be back to see you later." And they left the room, turning off the lights and leaving me pinned to the trolley, scared and shivering with fear and shock, in the pitch black.

**Chapter 2**

I fell asleep very quickly after the Doctor Ruth and Maria left the room, too exhausted to even think about what had just happened to my body. I had no idea how long I slept, but I was woken by the bright overhead lights being turned back on. Doctor Ruth moved towards me, and immediately behind her I saw the enormous guy who had carried me in and out of the pick-up truck. "Bring him over here," Doctor Ruth snapped out, and the guy moved to me and snapped a hook, on the end of a length of chain, onto the ring in my nose. Then he removed my wrists and ankles from the clamps on the bench, but leaving in place the leather straps on my wrists and ankles. Finally he pressed a stud on my collar and my head was released from the bench, although the collar remained on me.

"Stand up and follow Jose over here," said Doctor Ruth. I stumbled to my feet, and Jose led me by the nose chain across the room. "Stand there!" she said calmly, and I found myself in front of a strange contraption, a padded bar at the same height as my waist, held up with steel legs on either side which were bolted to the floor. I was made to stand facing the bar and then Doctor Ruth told me to bend right forward. I went down so my hands touched the ground, and immediately the man clipped the loose end of my nose chain onto a steel plate bolted to the floor, so I couldn’t get up. He immediately clipped my wrists into clamps on the steel legs, and moved behind me, spread my legs and and did the same with my ankles. So there I was, my arse in the air bent over the bar and totally exposed, and utterly unable to move!

Doctor Ruth said something to the man and I heard him leave the room. There was a rustling sound and then, to my horror, Doctor Ruth came and stood beside me, stroking my arse, and she was totally naked. "I know you’ve been wondering, little one, haven’t you? In your heart of hearts, you are desperate to find out what it feels like to be sodomised by a really big transvestite. Well sweetie pie, as my parting gift to you before you make the final journey to be a total pony, you are going to find out now. Just relax and enjoy the experience. That Maria was a nice entrée earlier, but you are going to be really delightful main course!"

Whilst she had been speaking, she had been standing there slowly wanking her enormous cock which was now standing totally erect in front of her. I had been to a couple of swingers parties where guys, myself included, had sucked and played with each other’s cocks, so I knew I was face to prick with a true giant. However, I had never been penetrated by a cock before, and I could feel myself trembling at the prospect of having that amount of meat in my virgin back passage.

She moved behind me, and then I felt cold grease being slowly worked into my anal ring –just one finger, not so painful, but frightening in that I knew that very shortly that finger was going to be replaced with her giant cock. I felt her put her hands on my hips and her rigid cock moved forward and its crown rested between my bum cheeks. She didn’t force it in, just slowly increased the pressure on my anus which slowly gave way and the erect stick of flesh eased its way up my rectum, until after what seemed an eternity, her pelvic bone pressed against me and I knew that, for the first time in my life, I had been totally buggered by another cock – and to my amazement, I loved it and I loved her. I found myself grunting with ecstasy as she started to sodomise me, and she clearly recognised the sound as one of pleasure and reached forward and pinched my nipples and whispered, "I knew you’d love it, baby boy! I’ll keep going as long as I can, it will be a long while before you get to be pleasured like this again."

I had no idea that the sexual excitement mixed with the pressure and pain of the buggery could be so thrilling – and I sensed from the increased rate of her breathing that she was equally excited. My own cock, despite the pain of the insertion of the ring in it, was stiffer than I ever remembered, throbbing with excitement, and I longed to be touched there – although I knew that I could not last if she touched me. Then she gasped, "Oh baby, you are sensational – cum with me," and her hand pressed something soft and rubbery around my cock and she started to wank me as I felt her warm spunk squirting into my rear passage and I came frantically, releasing a stream of spunk into whatever was around by twitching penis.

She stood there for a couple of minutes, her huge tool throbbing inside me as our heart rates settled slowly after the orgasms, then she slowly backed out of me, and I felt her spunk trickle out of my arse and run down my leg. She moved around behind me, and then I felt her wiping the spunk off my legs and my cock. Then she said, "Hoped you enjoyed that as much as I did, little Pony. And I got a nice big sperm sample in the nicest way possible – no sitting in a toilet with a dirty magazine for you!"

She moved round in front of me and showed me a strange bit of equipment, a large rubber sleeve tapering down to a glass phial which had plenty of my recently ejaculated sperm in it. She went across and placed the phial in a small refrigerator and came back over to me. "Now then, I think we can put this away as you won’t be wanting it again for a while." She reached between my legs and took the chain that was hanging from the ring between my legs and then took my now slack cock and attached the chain to the ring in my cock, so that my cock was pulled downwards and unable to rise.

Since the man had left the room, I had been aware of a low roar coming from the other side of the room which I could not see. Doctor Ruth put her surgical coat back on and stood behind me and was wiping my left buttock with some kind of disinfectant. "Now then, little Pony, the final step to prepare you as our Pony. I suggest you concentrate on the glorious pleasure your arse has just had, and this will only take a few seconds."

She moved away behind me, but then as she moved back to me, I was aware that something very hot was approach, presumably in her hand. She rested one hand on my waist and then there was blinding pain as she drove a red-hot branding iron onto my buttock. I heard her count, "One, two, three………", and then I passed out.

When I came round, she was standing beside me, stroking what remained of my hair, and holding some sort of ice pack against my branding. "Good Pony, all done now. Let me show you how beautiful you now are." She reached over and picked up the now-cool branding iron and showed me the part which had now burnt itself into my flesh. There was an outer circle, about 4 inches in diameter, and inside that were the letters 5-X, the name of the ranch. "There you are, little Pony, now you are owned by Mr Delancey – you should be very proud, he is very selective and is rated one of the most skilful owners of ponyflesh. Now then, time for a rest, I think."

At that moment the man mountain re-appeared, presumably on a signal, and undid the clamps on my wrists and ankles. "Stand up!" said Doctor Ruth firmly, and although I was actually free to move, I was so shocked and exhausted by the events that I calmly stood there whilst the man fitted a broad leather belt around my waist, and then clipped my wrists onto catches at the side of the belt. Then Doctor Ruth fitted a long chain onto the ring in my nose which she then handed to the man.

"There you are, follow Jose like a good Pony and get some rest, and I’ll see you in a day or two to check up on your progress." Jose tweaked the chain attached to my nose, which hurt like hell, and so I dutifully followed him, ensuring that the chain stayed slack. We left the building – it was night I finally realised, crossed a compound and entered a barn, set out with normal horse stalls on either side. Jose led me into one, which was bare except for straw on the floor and a steel bowl with water in it. He pointed to the ground, and so I sat down, and he moved to the wall and attached the end of the chain in my nose to a fitting high up on the wall. Then he walked out and closed the door – finally I was alone with my pain and misery, and I lay on the ground and wept.

**Chapter 3**

Everything about that night was pure torture – sleeping on scratchy straw, the chains in my nose and between my legs and, worst of all, the scar from the branding on my left buttock. And yet, despite all that, I think I actually slept for several hours, clearly worn out by the shock of the events of the last 24 hours.

It was the sound of Maria coming into my stable that woke me, but I was too exhausted still to move. However, I soon learned that the rule was that I had to get to my feet the instant one of the trainers came into my stable – her whip cracked hard on my exposed flank as she snapped, "Get up, Pony, when I come in – I don’t expect to tell you again!"

I scrambled awkwardly to my feet, and looked at her in amazement –she was so beautiful! Her hair was now tied back in a ponytail, and she was wearing just a leather up-lift bra so that her wonderful breasts were fully exposed, a short leather skirt and Roman sandals. Despite my aching body, the vision of such a sensual young woman immediately gave me an erection – or rather my penis started to swell, only to discover that it was still chained down between my legs and became increasingly painful as the blood filled it. Maria laughed.

"Forget those ideas, Pony, there is no way that cock of yours is ever going to fill my cunt, or any other woman’s slit, again. If you are a very good pony, we may train you to be a stud pony, then you will get to cover the ponygirls when they are on heat. Now then, let’s get you sorted out, then you can have some food – you’re probably hungry by now." Saying this, she unclipped the chain attached to my nose ring from the wall and led me out of the stall. We walked down the barn, and came to a large open area at the end – in the centre of which was a similar framework to the one I had been attached to the previously night when I had been buggered and branded. Seeing it brought back frightening memories and I shied as I saw it. Instantly the whip in Maria’s hand cracked across the back of my thigh. "Whoa, boy, nothing to get scared about – no-one’s going to hurt you now – no more branding," she said gently.

She led me over to the framework, stood me against it, spread my feet wide and attached them to the frame. She then came round in front of me and told me to just bend slightly forward, and clipped the chain into the floor. My wrists were still clamped into my belt, so I was just leaning forward, wondering what was going to happen next. I heard her move behind me, and then suddenly something hard was being inserted into my anus – an anus still sore from being buggered so ferociously by Doctor Ruth the previous evening. No sooner was the object in me than I felt a stream of warm water start to flow into my bowels. "There you go, Pony, we’ll clean your bowels out – we want you to be a nice clean pony! You’ll find you come to enjoy this – we will clean you out every couple of days – saves all the mess with you ponies shitting all over the place!"

While she was talking, I could feel the pressure of the water building relentlessly inside me. Maria walked away, then I saw her return with a tin bath thing, which she place between my legs, turned off the water and removed the hose. I duly emptied my liquid bowels into the bath, but then she re-inserted the hose and turned the water on again. "Want you really clean in there, don’t we?" She repeated the exercise twice more – not an unpleasant sensation, but by the end of it I felt quite light-headed.

"OK, boy, let’s get you cleaned up." She removed the tin bath, and then came back and turned the hose on me, soaking me all over, then, wearing a washing mitten, proceeded to use shampoo to wash me all over, taking care to clean my anus, bollocks and cock – with the inevitable reaction. She laughed when it happened, "Save it till you’re a stallion, boy!", then she turned the hose back on me, then took a rough towel and dried me off. She moved over to a bench and returned with something in her hand.

"Now, Pony, we’re going to look a bit glamorous, you’ll be really proud to wear this." She showed me the object, I gradually realised that it was a horse’s tail, some three feet long, attached to a large rubber butt plug. What is more, the colour of the hair was exactly the same as my own natural colour. Maria moved behind me and started to insert the plug – it was very big and it took 3-4 minutes to insert it and, once in, felt huge and uncomfortable. "Don’t worry about it. Pony, it is much too big to fall out, and your anus will get used to it very quickly. So, there you go, all ready for some food and then your owner will come and see you and decide what he wants to do with you, so you had better be on your best behaviour – he has the power to make your life pleasurable or a misery."

She undid me from the frame and led me by the nose back to my stall, and clipped the chain back onto the wall. She then picked up a metal trough, about two feet long, and clipped it onto the wall about four feet high. Then, from a large jug, she tipped a mixture of porridge and chopped fruit into the trough, and said, "There you go, pony, breakfast! You’ll have to learn to eat like a pony, so get going, you only have ten minutes and I will be back to take you to Mr Delancey." So saying, she walked away.

Of course my hands were still clipped to my belt, so I had to learn to eat by sucking up my food from the trough, but I realised I had not eaten for two days and was ravenous, and so set about consuming the food as quickly as possible. No sooner had I licked the trough clean than Maria arrived back in my stall – she had removed her leather top and was now just wearing her leather skirt.

"Time to go, Pony," she said and we set off down the barn to the area where I had been cleaned that morning. She led me to the centre of the room, and picked up a chain on the floor and told me to stand still and spread my legs. No sooner had I done so than she clipped the chain onto the short chain between my legs, so I could not even bring my feet together without the chain becoming so tight that it hurt my crotch terribly. I then saw her take a rope and lower a set of chains from the beam above my head. She released one of my wrists from my belt, but instantly clipped it into a clamp on the chain, then repeated the process with the other wrist. She then pulled the rope tight so that my arms were stretched above my head. She then removed my belt. I was naked, hung by my wrists with my crotch chained to the floor, head shaved and a pony tail sticking out of my arse. I had never felt more exposed and vulnerable in my life.

At that moment, the cavalier figure of Tony Delancey strode into the barn in cowboy shirt, shorts and boots. He moved to stand a few feet in front of me, looking me up and down, then slowly circled me. Back in front of me, he said quietly, "You know, Pony, you could well turn out to be one of my best investments. So, Maria, what news so far?"

Maria stepped forward and started to read out of a file she was now holding. "Well, sir, all the blood tests were clear. The sperm count was around 38 million per millilitre (top quartile), 60% motility (also top quartile) and total semen volume of around 6.5 mL – the best that Doctor Ruth had ever seen. Obviously we have not had time to test him with the mares, but Doctor Ruth buggered him on arrival and he reacted very positively to that. Ruth and I both believe that he should be tested with a mare soon, but there is every indication so far that he could be a good breeding stallion." I barely understood a word, but did realise that Maria was very flushed and excited in Tony Delancey’s presence – clearly she was hot for him.

While she had been speaking, Tony Delancey had walked around me, touching and feeling me all over, including gently fondling my balls. "Good," he said, "but I think this one is something special, and I want you to make him into a racing stallion – we could all be very rich if we can turn out one of them. Meanwhile, I suggest you stretch his balls sac – owners like that, they think it means virility, although it doesn’t really. OK, go and let Daisy out in the paddock and I’ll bring this one out in a few minutes. By the way, have you thought of a name for him?"

"I was thinking of Rocky, sir, if you thought that was suitable?"

"Very good, Maria, I like that. OK pony, Rocky you are from now on." Maria by now had hurried away, and Mr Delancey came up and bent down and unclipped the ring that was holding my cock ring down to the chain between my legs. Instantly I felt the relief and my cock started to swell.

"Nice cock, Rocky," said, admiringly, then reached down and stroked it as the blood pumped into it. "Let me just explain, if you work hard with Maria and become a racing pony who can win races, and this cock of yours can deliver lots and lots of high-quality spunk into ponygirls both here and elsewhere, then you could have a very happy future in my stud. But if you fail me, then I will sell you to some hick farmer who will work you pulling farm vehicles, starve you and rape you, and you will be dead within a year. So think about, but not for too long – your future is up to you. Now then, I am going to take you outside into a paddock where there is a new ponygirl who came in about three weeks ago, but who has never been covered. This is your chance to give us a good show, Rocky."

While he was speaking he undid the chain between my legs, put my belt back on and fixed my wrists back onto it. Then he put the long chain on my nose ring and led me out of the barn. It was my first time outside since I arrived and it was clearly the middle of the day and the sun was blazing down with full strength - anything up to 50 degrees -it was like an oven. He led me across a yard to where Maria was standing by a gate, which she held open. As we got to the gate, Mr Delancey undid the chain on my nose, slapped my buttock and pushed me into the paddock. "Go on Rocky, give us a good show!"

Now I had a chance to get my bearings, and as I looked around, I saw that there was a crowd of about 20 people leaning on the outside of the fence, obviously come to watch me perform. Then, right over in the far corner of the paddock, in the shade of the one tree around, was Daisy. She had the same belt as me, and her wrists were tied off to it, and she had the same collar – apart from that she was a naked as me – only she looked very nervous. I slowly moved across the paddock towards her, and could hear her snorting in fear and excitement, and the effect was to ensure that my cock was fully engorged and pulsing – I could see the look of fear in her eyes. Suddenly she sprinted out of the corner and ran to the open part of the paddock. She was young, perhaps 18 or 19, fit with small breasts and then I realised that the trainers had removed her tail - presumably so that it would not interfere with my attempts to fuck her.

After all I had been through, the opportunity to fuck a nubile young pony made me desperate, but she was clearly terrified of being taken by me. For perhaps five minutes or so I chased her round the paddock, gradually herding her towards a corner. She was breathing heavily now, and I could see the panic in her eyes. Then in desperation she tried to squeeze between me and the fence, but just as she thought she was past me, I stuck out my foot and she tripped and went down on her knees. With her wrists locked onto her belt, she couldn’t get back to her feet, and whilst she struggled, I was quickly behind her and knelt behind her trapping her knees open. Looking down, I could see that her sex lips, which had two rings in them, were already very moist, so I knew she could take me easily. I pushed my engorged prick up between her buttocks and leant forward trapping her body, and then nuzzled her neck and grunted in lust.

To my surprise, she grunted back and nodded her head, as if to indicate she was ready for me. We were both covered in sweat, breathing heavily – and at that moment I drove the first three inches of my cock into Daisy’s tight little cunt. Again she grunted in pleasure and I pushed again and she let out a squeal of pleasure. Within a minute I started rocking my hips and the head of my cock was reaching right to the top of her cunt – with a deliciously tight grip from her tight young cunt.

Within another couple of minutes we were both lost in a sea of pleasure, the hot sun beating down on us, the men and women watching us calling out encouragement to us, both of us grunting and making sexual noises to each other. She was rocking her hips in time with me now, and I started to sense her orgasm arriving, and knew that my own was coming any second. Suddenly her body spasmed uncontrollably and she squealed in excitement – and I felt the spunk pump out of my balls and squirt up my cock into the depths of her sex.

I knelt there, my cock still pumping spunk into her, and she turned her head sideways and looked at me and a sexy little grin played across her lips – she had been well satisfied. Just then Maria slapped my buttocks and clipped the chain onto my nose ring. "Up you come, Rocky, good show, but the party’s over for today."

As I struggled to my feet, I heard the spectators clapping, and as Maria led me to the gate, spunk and cum still dripping off my prick, Tony Delancey was standing there smiling. He slapped my buttock cheerfully and said loudly, "Well done, young Rocky, all you have to do now is learn to run like the wind, and you’ll be able to stick that cock into every ponygirl as often as you like!"



15.01.15

story continues in [**The Trip of a Lifetime 2: Stallions**](tripofalifetime2.html)

o0o
