---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Door
authors:
- sin_dy
tags:
- Sbf
- cuffs
- gag
- enclosed
- cons
- X
date: 2007-05-28 00:00:00
---

Its cold.  The soft glow of light coming from under the door has
long disappeared.  I seem to have lost all track of time.  It
could be eight, ten or three in the morning for all I know.  It seems
like a long time ago that I clicked the last lock shut and sealed my fate. 
Condemning me to this closet, to this cell, for who knows hows long.

I feel so helpless.  Naked and chained.  Of course it is what
I wanted.  It is what I have planned for.  But now the excitement
has worn off.  No more adrenalin rush to keep me warm and wet. 
Only cold air and cold floor.  I am sitting on an old rug, which I
now realize is too thin.  I suppose if  I could reach it, I might
try covering myself to keep warm.  Now that's a stupid idea. 
Then I would be sitting on the concrete floor.

I tug on my cuffed wrists for the ump-teenth time, as if magically I
could get free.  Ain't gonna happen.  I'm stuck till the ice
melts.  The great big bucket of ice, filled to the top and drip by
drip getting lighter and lighter.  Hours to melt? Days?  This
is one part of the selfbondage scene that wasn't tested out.  With
that thought, I started getting a little turned on.

I thought back to the chat room conversation  I had with another
gal.  She was also into this selfbondage thing.  Between the
two of us we worked out all the technical details about the door. 
Not just any door.  A big heavy door of solid wood and swinging on
three hinges.

So here I am behind that door, in the dark, in a small closet under
the basement stairs.  Alone in the house and out in the country. 
No need for a gag.  I could scream my head off and no one would hear
me.

After figuring out a good way to release and open the door automatically,
I was so excited about the plan that there was no turning back.  I
had to try it.  The timing had to be just right.  No, not the
way the door opened, but when it opened.  If it opened right after
dark then I would have to wait all night for the sun to come up and shine
in enough light to see the combination lock dials. I maybe could be chained
here way more than 24 hours.

Thinking about that turned me on even more.  Well anyway I'm stuck
now and have to wait it out. A true damsel in distress. Two days ago I
worked on the door.  First drilling a hole right through the middle
of the door and then I stuck a long bolt into the hole from inside the
closet.  I figured I could always putty up the hole later.  Next
I drilled the same size hole in a length of 2X4 board.  The board
was just a little longer than the door frame is wide.  Now I stuck
the 2X4 on the bolt and experimented with washers to set it out to clear
the door frame when it swings from vertical to a horizontal position.

Back in the old barn shop, I used the bench vise and a hammer to bend
two flat pieces of metal into a big U-shape.  Then I drilled a couple
of holes in one side of the U.  I attached the pieces of metal to
the door frame with big long screws.  One was positioned so the U
turned up on the left side of the door frame and the other U was turned
down on the right side of the frame.

I know this sounds confusing but basically this is what happens to hold
the door closed.  The 2X4 swings from it's vertical position to it's
horizontal position and wedges into the U-brackets.  Now all I have
to do is rig up the way to pull the 2X4 up out of the brackets.

I used a weight and a nylon cord fastened to the 2X4 to pull it up and
away from the brackets.  A couple of old horse shoes made a good weight. 
I placed a yard stick on a little table with half of it sticking out over
the edge.  The horse shoes would be hung over the part sticking out
in the air.  A large bucket of ice would sit on the other end of the
yard stick.

The ice bucket is special. I used an old bait or minnow bucket that
fishermen have.  It is full of small holes to let water flow through
but keeps the live bait inside.  The ice will melt and seep through
the holes.  The bucket gets lighter than the horse shoes so the board
tips and the weight falls and the cord is pulled and the 2X4 moves.

I unscrewed the existing door latch thing so it wouldn't prevent the
door from opening automatically.  Inside the closet, I drilled small
holes into the stairway support posts and screwed in large eye-bolts. 
My ankles will be far apart and locked to either side of the closet. 
My wrists will also be fastened to the side walls.  Total Helplessness!

After laying a rug on the closet floor, I started to test everything
out.  A string tied to the 2X4 board and ran it under the door so
I can grab it from inside the closet.  It will swing the board in
place.  Seems like that works ok.  Then I dropped the weight
and the board flipped away from the brackets and the door opened just as
planned.  Now the time has come to freeze lots of ice!

It was just a few hours ago that I stripped naked and slowly came down
the stairs to be chained in my dungeon closet cell.  But first I took
the ice from the chest freezer in the basement and filled the bucket full. 
I hung the horse shoes over the yard stick and turned off the basement
lights.  Inside the closet, with the door still open, I examined the
four combination locks and went over the numbers in my head.  The
basement has two small windows on each side and two large windows and a
door with a window on the back.  Not a lot of light, but enough to
read the dials.

I wrapped a heavy leather cuff around each wrist and ankle.  These
are regulation hospital restraints that adjust by sticking the D-ring through
the appropriate slot.  Spreading my legs far apart,  I locked
each ankle cuff  D-ring to an eye-bolt.  Next I threaded a short
chain through my wrist cuff D-rings.  I realize that I'm at the point
of no return.  Leaning forward I reached for the door and gently closed
it shut.  Then I pulled on the string.  The 2X4 fell with a thud! 
I pushed against the door.  It was held solidly shut.  Only a
faint glimmer of light came from under the bottom of the door.  I
felt around and found the remaining locks and proceeded to fasten my wrist
cuff chains to the eye-bolts.  As I snapped the last lock closed,
I almost had my first orgasm.

The time went by slowly.  I jumped when I heard the phone ring
upstairs.  Sometime later it rang again.  Then maybe an hour
later I heard noises upstairs.  I knew it was my brother, who lives
in town, coming out to check on me.  He called my name and opened
the basement door and called for me again.  It was dark in the basement
so he didn't come down the steps.  He finally left and I figured I
would just tell him I was out riding my horse.  That will satisfy
him.

I dozed off and when I woke up, I struggled in my cuffs, making myself
excited and wet.  I was so helpless.  Now in total darkness. 
I laughed to myself.  Yeah, hungry and horny.  But soon the cold
begin to creep in.  Really creep in!  The melting ice water was
running under the door and soaking the rug.  This was something I
sure hadn't thought about.  I got the shakes for awhile and had to
pee.  I told myself, its what prisoners have to do and I was truely
a helpless prisoner.

I fell asleep again only to wake up still cold and wishing for a hot
bath and to be able to rub myself down there.  Maybe that would warm
me up.  Its fun waking up and finding ones self still a captive, but
at the same time begging for some kind of release.  The rug now was
completely saturated.

I guess I dozed off again because I woke up with a jump from a loud
bang outside the door.  Now I was completely alert and realized it
was the bucket that tipped over and rolled off the table.  Did the
door open?  It is still very dark.  But wait, there is that faint
glow at the bottom of the door.  My heart sank as I realized the door
failed to release.  Now what?

Easy girl.  Calm down and think.  My feet were only inches
from the door.  I wiggled down and was able to push on the door with
my toes.  It suddenly popped open letting in light and fresh air. 
The thing must have stuck a little in the frame.  What ever the reason,
I was glad to be able to work the combination locks.  I only set one
hand free.  I had unfinished business to attend to and I did it twice
before getting out of the closet.  Now for a long hot bath. 
Laying back and relaxing in the tub, I wondered how long it would take
for two buckets of ice to melt?

.

16.12.03 update:
