---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Woodland Weekend
authors:
- subcentcalmale
tags:
- F-m
- D-s
- bondage
- cons
- XX
date: 2004-09-18 00:00:00
---

**A Woodland Weekend**
by subcentcalmale
A Woodland Weekend by subcentcalmale

Friday morning could not get here soon enough. All week I had been both
dreading and anticipating our weekend up in the hills at a “discreet” cabin
far from civilization. The cabin belonged to a friend of Yours, and i had
no doubt due to her financial and lifestyle status that it was posh as
well as extremely well-equipped for those who’s proclivities included all
forms of BDSM play. W/we left the house around 7 a.m., eager to get there
early. The trip itself wasn’t overly exerting, only a three and a half
hour drive up into the mountains, and the last thirty minutes of that was
up the private road to the cabin itself.

W/we made our way easily through the freeway traffic, having begun our
journey before the rush hour crunch began with a vengeance. It was easy
to tell late that spring had set in, as W/we rolled the windows down shortly
after catching the turn off to begin the climb up into the hills. The smell
of fresh mountain air soon replaced the stale industrial stench of the
city; relaxing U/us as W/we near the gate that guarded the private road
that would lead U/us to O/our weekend retreat.

“Unlock the gate, pet” You tell me, and i hop quickly out of the car
with key in hand and undo the chain and throw open the gate as You drive
through. i jump back in quickly after locking the gate, masking any sign
someone has traveled this way recently,  and You begin the meandering
drive up the road to our destination. my insides feel full of butterflies,
and i steal a glance Your direction. Calm and collected as usual, not a
trace of anxiety or excitement permeates Your cool exterior as You navigate
the narrow road.

We roll to a stop under the carport in front of the cabin. The place
looks to be the size of a modest mansion, not a cabin well back in the
mountains. Double oak front doors stand guard deep in the entranceway,
and You order me to grab O/our bags from the trunk as You walk ahead to
open the doors. i grab the four bags from the trunk and hurry into the
cabin, carefully avoiding banging against anything for fear of damaging
something worth a years salary.  You call out from an unseen room
off to the right “Take the bags upstairs to the master bedroom, undress
and put your cuffs and collar on then meet Me in the sun room once you
have unpacked O/our belongings and put them away pet.”

“Yes, Mistress” i reply, and make my way up the curved staircase, mindful
of the clear oak railing running the length of the stairway and across
the landing. i find the master suite and set the bags down, quickly disrobe
then find the toy bag with my cuffs and collar. The cuffs and collar are
quickly secured, the luggage locks on O/our bags conveniently doubling
as the mechanisms for my imprisonment until You release me at the end of
O/our weekend. Satisfied i’ve completed everything to Your demands, i make
my way downstairs to the sun room and kneel beside You. The view is spectacular,
a huge wall of glass panels looking out across the mountain range and down
into the valley below. You almost get the feeling you could see forever
looking out at the vista before you.

“I think this will be a most marvelous weekend, don’t you pet?”

“Yes Mistress. i think this will be a weekend to remember.”

“Why don’t you go to the kitchen and pour Me a glass of wine pet” You
command.

“Right away Mistress.” i tell You as i rise quickly and head off to
the kitchen. As i expected, no expense was spared in the kitchen either.
Italian marble floors and counter tops greet me as i enter, and a large
island dominates the center of the room. i take note of the lack of a sink
or stove in the island, and chuckle when i see the anchor points circling
along the bottom of it. i can just imagine what kind of meal was prepared
on that countertop. I pull a moderately expensive chardonnay out of the
cooler and pop it open. Even the glasses have their own chiller when white
wines are served. i pour Your glass and make my way back to the sun room,
kneel once again beside You and offer You the glass.

“Excellent choice My pet. When you return to pour My next glass you
may have one as well.”

“Thank You Mistress” is my answer as You drop Your hand down in front
of me for worship. i kiss Your hand in tribute and You quickly take it
away, O/our weekend barely starting. There will be time enough yet for
ceremony and proper respect.

i make three more trips to the kitchen. Besides the wine i also bring
You some crackers and cheese to satisfy You until dinnertime. Pleased with
my attentiveness, You allow me to also partake in the wine and crackers,
and W/we relax and enjoy the view from the sun room as the afternoon wears
on.

Eventually You decide it’s time for some distraction. “Come around in
front of Me pet, it’s time you start earning your keep for the weekend.”
I crawl around the front of the chair to face You and am greeted by Your
outstretched leg. Your shoes are already off and You begin teasing my mouth
with Your toes, knowing i won’t dare take them in my mouth until given
permission to do so. “Ooooo such a good little pet. You know well enough
what happens when you start before I give you permission.”

i remember all too well how badly my muscles ached from hours of a standing
spread-eagle mixed with croppings and floggings at regular intervals. i
wondered almost aloud if i  had rope burns around my cock and balls
from the hemp rope i was forced to endure while standing there. “Stick
out your tongue pet.” i instantly obey You. Leisurely You roll Your toes
around on my tongue, making sure to cover every inch of my exposed tongue
with Your toes before switching feet and repeating the process again. You
enjoy this very much because You know how badly I want to lavish attention
on Your feet, and also how humiliating it is to be kneeling before You
drooling all over myself from keeping my tongue stuck out of my mouth as
far as possible. You catch a long trail of slobber on Your toe and rub
it all over my face, delighting in how red i turn in embarrassment as my
humiliation continues.

Satisfied for now, You finally allow me what i’ve longed for these past
few minutes. “Go ahead little pet. You’ve slobbered yourself enough for
now. You have My permission to do your worship now.”

“Thank You Mistress, i promise i won’t disappoint You.” i barely am
able to say before launching myself into my work. i carefully place a hand
under Your heel and the other supporting Your calve. My tongue begins to
once more trace circles around Your toes, caressing, bathing and massaging
them all around. I gently kiss and nibble the undersides of Your feet,
paying special attention to the arch of Your foot. You moan gently as I
continue unabashedly lavishing attention up and down, top and bottom. You
signal that You’ve had enough when You pull Your feet away, stand and say
“Let’s go.”

“Yes Mistress.” I say, raising myself back up onto my knees so that
You may snap my leash to my collar. i follow behind You on all fours, careful
not to let the leash go taut as You have trained me, lest it turn from
leash to whip to correct my transgression.

You walk me through the entryway and up the stairs to the master suite.
The carpeting in the house is divine, so soft it almost feels like a sheepskin
rug lying over a pillow. W/we pass through the master suite and head down
the small hallway between the walk-in closets to the master bath. The bathroom
is utterly huge, as big at least as a living room in an average sized house.
The dominant feature is the bathtub on the raised dais in one corner of
the room, surrounded by floor to ceiling windows on two sides. The tub
is huge as well, comfortably fitting two somewhat large people and god
knows how many petite people. I count at least 24 whirlpool jets along
the sides, most settled within the conforming bench seats for the occupants
to lay back on while relaxing.

“Draw My bath while I prepare My pet. I will return shortly.”

“As You wish, Mistress.” i reply as i set to work running the water
and adjusting the knobs to get the right temperature. Satisfied i have
the temperature set perfectly, i dig around inside the cosmetics bag and
find the bottle of lavender oil and pour some into the water. i make sure
i mix it up thoroughly with the bath water, then i crawl over to the mini
fridge under the vanity and grab a bottled water for You. Returning to
the tub i find it filled to where You like it and shut off the water. I
light the 2 dozen or so candles spaced around the tub and turn down the
lights. Just as i finish You return, having brushed and put Your hair up
in preparation for Your bath. “Very nice little pet, I’m going to enjoy
this bath very much.”

“i hope so Mistress.” i help You step down into the tub, and as You
lay back and let a contented “ahhhh” escape Your lips, i grab one of the
egyptian cotton towels off the towel bar, fold it neatly and return to
kneel next to the tub holding the towel out in front of me for Your use
when You’re ready.

You extend Your bath as long as possible, using the jets to massage
away any cares You might have. Fully relaxed and deeply satisfied, You
stand and raise Your arms as i stand and wrap the towel around You. I pat
You down taking care to soak up all the water before removing the towel
and hanging it neatly on the towel bar once again. You step off the dais
and head for the master suite to dress for the evening. “Follow me pet,
when I’m done dressing O/our night will truly begin.”

I comply immediately with “Yes Mistress.” And follow just behind You
to the bedroom. You point to where You want me, and I kneel obediently
as You dress. You slide into a leather teddy first, perfectly form-fitting
of course, followed by black thigh-high stockings that You attach to the
garters built into the teddy. Thigh-high kidskin boots and a long sheer
robe complete Your ensemble. I can tell from Your outfit this will be a
long night of sexual servitude interlaced with Your diabolical “corrections”
when You feel they’re needed. You get up from the chair and snap my leash
back on my collar and almost second-handedly say to me “Off to the playroom
now little pet.”

“As You wish Mistress.” I make sure to reply as I crawl behind you down
the hallway towards the door at the end.

The room behind the imposing metal clad door is absolutely amazing.
Deep red walls with mahogany shelving seemingly suspended every type of
flogger, cane, crop or whip imaginable underneath. Lining the shelves were
a plethora of torture and pleasure devices, electro-stimulators with every
known type of attachment, various clamps, dildos vibrators, plugs, weights.
Miles of rope and all different types of restraints, gags and hoods circled
the entire room. The lush carpeting is everywhere except those places designed
for the submissives to be bound. Those strategically placed areas were
simply small spots of hardwood. There were several bondage furniture pieces
scattered around the room as well.

In the far corner sat a small cage, a curtain drawn back around it,
presumably to be  pulled closed for punishing a wayward submissive.
A rack sat a few feet away, black leather padding gleaming in the light.
Opposite of the cage was a St. Andrews cross, equipped with a hinge pin
so the person strapped onto it could be turned upside down with relative
ease. An oversized spanking bench was to the right of the cross, obviously
custom made, as it was a design that looked to be made to order. Towards
the middle of the bench was a deep U-shaped pad that looked built into
the bench. The pad had grooves along the insides of it, and it took a second
for me to realize what they were for.

Sitting near the bench was a similar looking pad with eyebolts protruding
from the bottom. Once the submissive was strapped in place on that side
of the bench, his head would rest inside the U, and once the top piece
was locked in place, he wouldn’t be able to move his head at all nor see
what was happening behind or to his sides. Just in front of the U was a
dildo strapped to the bench, presumably for female submissives or Mistresses
to sit down on. Against the wall nearest the bench sat a machine which
had a long rod protruding from a box set on a stand just a few inches taller
than the bench. Sticking out from the end of the rod was a dildo. An electrical
cord ran from the box and rested on the floor next to an outlet. Finally
in the middle of the room was a large suspension rack, with winches on
both sides so as to pull the bound person into a severely stretched, suspended
spread-eagle depending on how the pulley system was rigged. Also in the
room are a set of stocks, and a high back chair with a cross arm that has
5 leather straps attached on each side for immobilizing arms. The seat
is nothing more than 2 struts for the submissive’s legs to rest on, leaving
the genital area with wide open access for torture or play.

Wordlessly, You walk me around the room, stopping at each device contemplating
where to begin first. W/we make several circuits around the room before
You stop at the suspension rack. A short tug upwards on my leash and I’m
on my feet instantly. You grasp my right arm and attach my cuff to the
lock on the end of the rope, then do the same to the left. You leave me
standing there while You retrieve a riding crop for the nearest shelf,
walking back over to me, You give me a firm rap on the inside of my thigh
while commanding me to spread my legs. You fix my ankle cuffs to the rope
running from the lower pulleys, then begin cranking the winch slowly, each
click of the ratchet a reminder of the loss of freedom of movement, which
also begins to be reinforced with the slow inexorable stretching apart
of my limbs.

Finally satisfied I’m stretched taut enough for You, You move off searching
for more toys to use, after planting the crop between my teeth with a sharp
order to hold it until You return. You return quickly, kneeling in front
of me and begin attaching a C&B harness on me. You quickly capture
my balls with the strap, and i feel them being separated by a strap that
runs between them that You cinch tightly. You begin binding my cock with
the rest of the straps, cinching them tightly as well so it feels as if
no blood will get in or out until You release them. I yank on my bonds
and moan at the pressure being exerted on my genitals. You smile knowingly
and take the crop from my mouth. “Not to worry pet. It won’t last so long
you’ll have to worry about them dropping off.”

You walk slowly behind me, and i feel the crop moving against my bare
skin. My legs and arms begin to tremble, partly from the strain, and partly
in anticipation of that first sweet stinging blow from the crop. i can
already feel the warmth from the blow spreading through me, even though
You haven’t touched me yet. Seconds later I feel it for real, the sharp
“smack” sound followed quickly by a low growl from my lips as I jerk in
response. “Oooo only 29 more to go pet.” You chide me. The blows are terribly
hard, merely set to get things started, not the brutal punishment blows
for correctional purposes. You continue Your work, alternating the blows
on each cheek, making sure no area goes untouched as You play the crop
over my cheeks like a painter on a canvas, bringing out a bright shade
of red with every slap. You reach thirty, and replace the crop in my mouth
before wrapping one arm around me, holding me tightly as Your other hand
moves delicately across my ass, stoking the fire You’ve so expertly built
there.

“Don’t go anywhere pet. I need a glass of water before we continue.”

You walk out of the room quickly, leaving me to struggle helplessly
in my bonds, my feet barely touching the floor as I twist this way and
that in a vain attempt to cool my burning behind. You return quickly, and
step behind me and seat Yourself on a chair while You watch me writhe around
as You drink Your water. Occasionally, You dip Your fingers in the glass
and flick the water on my still reddened ass, delighting in how it makes
me jump, and noting the goosebumps that form each time You do.

Finally finished with Your water, You stand and release the tension
from the winch. i groan loudly as my muscles spasm to hold themselves up.
You reattach my leash and once again I follow obediently behind You. W/we
journey yet again around the room, this time stopping at the chair. “Up
you go little pet” You say. I climb gingerly onto the chair, and You begin
strapping my arms to the crossbar, the four straps on each appendage insuring
there would be no escape. You remove my collar, and immediately replace
it with the neck strap attached to the chair back. The chest and waist
straps quickly follow suite, and finally my thighs and ankles are locked
into their respective straps rendering me virtually immobile. I feel utterly
exposed, even more so than on the suspension rack because of my severely
limited movement now.

You move around the chair to where i cannot see You. i hear what sounds
like objects being picked off the shelf then put back down, and i realize
You are slowly working Your way down a mental list of what’s in store for
me next. i’m unprepared for the blindfold to lower across my eyes so quickly.
With my head immobile, and my sight taken away, i cannot see nor escape
the kiss You give me, nor the gag that goes into my mouth the moment You
pull Your lips away. i feel You kneel in front of the chair,  You
let out a slight “ummm”  as You admire Your handiwork. You move in
close and remove the C&B strap, my cock and balls springing free immediately
as i pull hard on my bonds as the blood rushes back into sensitive areas.
Your hand reaches in and begins massaging my genitals, and I moan as loudly
as the ball gag permits me. You pull Your hand away before i can begin
to really enjoy Your touch, and i feel Your fingers begin probing around
my rectum, working a generous portion of lubricant as far inside me as
You can reach.

The cold metal pushing against my rectum shocks me. i wasn’t expecting
a metal plug. I also feel a metal ring being snapped around my balls and
then another around my cock shortly thereafter. I have no idea what’s happening,
and this coupled with my immobility drives me deep into my inner mind.
Time seems to slow to a crawl as my skin becomes alive with nerve endings,
every touch magnified a hundredfold or more as I struggle to maintain myself
under this onslaught or confusion. Finished attaching the devices, You
move back and silently watch the struggle taking place within my mind,
going over in your head the infinite possibilities i must be contemplating
at this very moment.

You continue to let my uncertainty build, until Your certain the time
has come for You to intervene, and introduce new stimuli into the mix.
The buzzing around my balls gives me the first indication of what’s happening
to me next, slowly building up, it feels like ants crawling all over my
cock and balls, the zapping not severe, just a constant surge that keeps
me on edge. I brace myself as best I can for what I know is coming next.
The surge hits my cock and forces a hard contraction, and i’m almost afraid
i’m coming without Your permission when it happens. You play with the settings
for a while longer, an adjustment here, another there until You’re satisfied
the settings are achieving the desired effect. I hear You move off once
again as I fight futilely to escape the buzzing.

My first indication You’re back is when You lay the short flogger across
my thigh. i jump slightly at it’s touch, then settle back immediately.
My relaxation ends quickly as the plug buried in my ass now springs to
life, my sphincter muscles contract around it pulling it deeper inside
me. You chuckle aloud, knowing that in trying to sort through all the sensations
i’m being assaulted with, i forgot about the plug in my ass, and You are
all too happy to give me a reminder it was there. You play with the pulse
rate and amplitude, and get the plug settled into a rhythm that forces
me to butt-fuck myself as i continually contract and relax. You pick the
flogger up and begin working over my thighs with smooth effortless strokes.
i’m practically in a state of altered consciousness now from the multitude
of senses my brain is trying to sort through. You move the flogger to begin
working my chest, alternating between there and my now highly sensitive
thighs. i have zero concept of time, or even reality at this point and
i have no idea how long it has been since

You put down the flogger and turn off the stims. i’m vaguely aware of
my surroundings as i return from the netherworld i was taken to, and i
slowly begin to realize i’m no longer blindfolded or gagged and the electrodes
have been removed.   “Ahhh, there’s my pet” You say to me, recognizing
my return to the present. “That was a most enjoyable and productive three
hours” You chuckle as You see the shock register on my face. “Only three
hours?” i say to myself. It could have been three days for all i know.
I shift about, still strapped to the chair, more an exercise of checking
to make sure i’m all in one piece than anything else. You leave me there
a while longer, not satisfied to set me free until You’re certain I’ve
regained all my faculties. You casually stroll over to the chair, and slowly
begin the process of releasing me. “I think that was enough fun for the
day, don’t you pet?”

“Oh, Yes Mistress. Most definitely” i reply almost breathlessly.

“Good. Go clean yourself up and by the time you’re finished I should
be ready for you to tuck me into bed for the night little pet. Don’t keep
Me waiting too long.” As W/we walk down the hallway, the only thought i
can conjure in my head is “i wonder if i can survive another session like
this tomorrow.”

W/we sleep in decadently late, not wanting to rouse from the relaxing
night of mountain peacefulness. There’re two constants about staying in
the mountains, Y/you sleep much better and Y/you have a huge appetite.
i prepare the coffee and get breakfast started once i’ve served You Your
first cup of the morning. You relax out on the back porch watching the
sun slowly move up higher in the sky. The smell of food catches Your nose,
and shortly after, i deliver Your breakfast. W/we eat peacefully, enjoying
the sunshine and the sounds of mountain animals. i clear the table and
clean the dishes as You enjoy the peaceful setting. i return to the patio
to find You grinning, and i shudder inside thinking what might lie behind
that smile. “Time for you to pay up for the attention last night little
pet” You say to me as You open Your robe.

“Yes Mistress” I reply as I move to kneel in front of You, knowing what’s
expected of me. I begin at Your feet, slowly caressing each toe with my
tongue, paying close attention to Your movements and sounds. I move slowly
up You leg, alternating between them so neither is neglected. A lick here,
a nibble there, soft kisses all slowly move up Your legs until i reach
their apex.

You moan softly as Your hands run through my hair while i continue on
my journey, and i pause at Your inner thighs for quite some time before
moving those last few marvelous inches to begin the final push to the erotic
summit. Your legs slip up over my shoulders, and You pull my head hard
against You urging me on complete my task. Still elevated from the passion
of the previous night, You quickly succumb to a shattering orgasm, much
faster than either of U/us had anticipated. You shudder for quite sometime,
riding out the waves of pleasure for as long as possible until they eventually
subside leaving You energized and relaxed.

With the sun now high overhead, You walk me between two of the porch
support posts and tie my arms and legs outstretched between them. i hear
You pull up a lounge chair, and feel the first teasing passes of the buggy
whip brushing lightly across my ass. You play the whip back and forth across
my ass with slow lazy strokes. It almost seems like You’re doing it out
of habit and without a thought rather than with a deliberate goal in mind.
i feel the whip move up across my back, down to the backs of my thighs
and back upwards again. You stop occasionally to let things settle, or
play the whip back and forth between my legs to keep me on edge. The harder
strikes signal that You’re getting up to grab a cool drink, and I’m left
alone to watch the birds and other animals go about their daily business
amongst the trees while You’re gone. You eventually return and pick up
where You left off, occasionally stopping to allow me a drink or to stand
up and stretch and walk around the porch, as i stand there bound and naked
between the posts. The time comes soon when it’s time to prepare dinner,
so You release my bonds and send me inside to relax for a few minutes before
i prepare O/our dinner.

With dinner complete i’m taken upstairs to the chamber and put inside
the cage until You return. You’ve seen fit to lock my chastity belt on,
complete with the medium butt plug held firmly in place with the leather
strap running between my cheeks. You lock my cuffs over my head through
the top bars, and disappear down the hallway to get dressed for O/our evening.
You’re return signals the start of a full night torment for me. You’re
dressed in a leather corset, laced up tightly, Your hair pulled back tightly
in a bun. A leather belt with d rings around it for hanging whips and floggers
adorns Your cinched in waist. Over Your black stockings are rigid thigh
high boots, that lace from the top of Your foot all the way up Your thigh. 
You glide across the chamber and graze Your hand across the floggers, trying
to decide which You ones You will choose for tonight’s entertainment. You
stop at the red and purple suede set, and grab the 24 and 12 inch ones
off their hangers and attach them to Your belt.  You also grab the
keys to my cuffs, and then head over to the cage where I’m imprisoned.

You release me from the cell, and march me quickly over to the rack.
You grin evilly as You pat the leather covered surface, gesturing me to
hop onto it. I obey at once, and You grab my wrists and swing me quickly
around while pulling me onto my back. You remove my cuffs and attach the
rack’s cuffs tightly to my wrists. You do the same for my ankles, and slowly
move up the rack, a spandex glove encased hand trailing enticingly up my
body as You do. “Ready to begin My pet?” You say with a grin. It’s not
like i really have a choice in the matter here. “Yes Mistress.” i reply,
as i set myself for the long night ahead. “Then I won’t keep you waiting
any longer pet” You chime merrily as You begin slowly cranking the wheel
at the head of the rack.

I feel the slack begin to draw in on my arms, and slowly everything
begins to tighten. i begin to understand why this was such an effective
torture device during the middle ages. i cannot gain any purchase to relieve
the strain on my joints. I can only continue to endure the stress as You
tighten the wheel a few more notches then set the lock. i also cannot pull
myself up to relieve the strain as i could when suspended, even if it was
a very short distance. You move back down me, checking to see how taut
I am and insuring proper circulation in my hands and feet.  Satisfied
everything will be ok for a while, You pull out a Whartenberg pinwheel,
and slowly run it over my chest, concentrating on my nipples.  You
seem to leave no area untouched, my arms, neck, chest, belly, all are tormented
repeatedly with the sharp little spikes rolling across the skin. You stop
briefly to allow me to catch my breath. I soon understand why You did this.
Suddenly, I feel the sharp points rolling across my chastity imprisoned
cock. You smile gleefully as You play the wheel in between the leather
straps that encircle my cock and hold it tightly against the strap that
runs through my legs. My balls are the next victim of Your devious torture.
Already constricted by the hole in the strap they are forced through, You
take great care in maneuvering the wheel to and fro across this most sensitive
area. You vary the speed, turning me into a horizontal marionette as I
writhe and dance in response to Your torments.

You put down the pinwheel and pull a flogger off Your belt. Barely recovered
from the pinwheel sensations, the flogger re-ignites every nerve ending
in my body as You skillfully wield the flogger across my stretched body.
my skin turns a deep red as You continue the flogging. As suddenly as You
started, You bring it to an end, only to pick up the wheel and torture
my already hyper-sensitive skin.  The surge of sensations coursing
through my bound body threaten to overwhelm me, but You back off when You
sense it may be too much, and then start back with a vengeance once You
know i’m ok. You continue alternating between these two for untold minutes,
possibly hours, until the entire rack is soaked with O/our sweat from the
exertion. You slowly release the tension on the wheel, my groans filling
the chamber as blood rushes back into over-taxed joints and muscles. You
smile down at me, and begin massaging my arms and legs to speed up the
process. After thoroughly rubbing my aching limbs, You release me from
the rack and slowly help off it to my feet. “Very well done My pet.” You
praise me, giving me a deep kiss on the lips. “I’m very impressed how well
you handled that.” I can barely manage a “Thank You Mistress.” In my worn
state, and You help me over to the spanking bench for O/our next round
of fun. “This will be much more enjoyable for U/us both My pet.” You promise.

I climb onto the bench, and hold myself up as You attach the ankle cuffs
to me, locking my legs on the arm that runs the length of the bottom of
the bench. With a soft touch on the back of my head, You command me to
lower my head into the U shaped pillow, and You insert the upper part into
the grooves and slide it down tight onto my neck and lock it in place.
You retrieve a rather large ace bandage from the shelf, and a set of pliable
foam earplugs.  You insert the plug into my ears and begin wrapping
the bandage around my face, rendering me deaf as well as blind as You cover
my eyes throwing me into complete darkness. i’m left with only the sense
of my own heartbeat and breathing, hearing and feeling the rise and fall
of my chest as my heart begins to beat faster, not knowing what will happen
to me next. The kiss of the crop soon lets me know, that familiar fire
quickly spreading across my cheeks as You work it over my soon reddened
ass.

As quickly as it started it finishes, and i’m left to catch my breath
while You move off to gather up god knows what else to torment me with.
I feel the strap of my chastity belt removed, and the plug inside me pops
out. Your lubricated fingers plunge deep into my ass  and clue me
in to what comes next. You work Your fingers in and out of me slowly, insuring
i’m well lubed for You to use the strap on. More and more lube enters me
on Your fingers, and it almost feels like You’re giving me an enema. You
pull Your fingers out one last time, and i feel the head of the dildo begin
to penetrate me. You work it deep inside me, and at that point something
seems to not feel quite right about this. i feel You mount the bench in
front of me, Your fingers poking at my mouth telling me to open it. The
dildo strapped in front of me quickly fills my mouth, and You work it back
and forth to lubricate it with my saliva.

Satisfied both You and the dildo are wet enough, You pull it out and
i feel You lower Yourself down on it. You move Yourself closer to me, and
thrust Your pelvis in my face, and without a word I begin to understand
the true purpose for this pillow. my mouth is perfectly positioned to lick
You. My tongue instantly goes to work as You move up and down on the dildo.
At the same time, the dildo in my ass begins moving in and out of me, and
i realize this is the machine i saw yesterday in the corner. You move the
controls for the machine to match the rhythm You’ve set for Yourself. My
tongue stretches to its limits to keep contact with You as You bounce up
and down before me. i feel the speed increase on the machine, my ass being
pummeled mercilessly in time with You. i cannot keep my tongue on You totally
now, so i focus on giving Your clit quick flicks as You come down on the
dildo to bury it deep inside You. i feel a sudden pressure on the top part
of the pillow, and think to myself that You must be getting very close
to coming. The machine continues it’s relentless pounding behind me, and
through the earplugs i hear a barely audible wail as You surge over the
edge into a deep earth-shattering orgasm. Your pelvis pulls away from my
mouth, and i feel weight once again on the top of the pillow. i can only
guess You’ve leaned forward on it to catch You breath and regain Your senses
after Your orgasm.

The machine abruptly stops, and i feel it begin to slowly back out of
me until just the head remains inside me. i feel You rise off the dildo
finally, and you stuff it in my mouth and begin moving my head slowly up
and down it to clean Your juices off it. i moan loudly at Your taste, savoring
every bit i can swallow up as i greedily lick the phallus in search of
more. You remove the machine from my ass, and return to run Your hands
and fingers over my back and ass, occasionally diving between my legs to
stroke my cock or scrape lightly across my balls, keeping me right at the
edge of orgasm but not allowing me complete bliss.

You release me from the bench, and walk me to the St Andrews Cross.
“This wont take too long I think pet” You tell me as You strap me onto
the cross, You return with another C&B harness which You quickly don
on me, another trip to the wall brings You back holding a vibrator. “Here’s
how this works My pet.” i listen intently for Your instructions. “I’m going
to put this directly under the head of your cock, and you are going to
use your muscles to hold yourself up off it for as long as you can. Understand?”

“Yes Mistress.” i reply as the vibrator springs to life. You settle
back in the chair after adjusting the stand holding the vibrator under
my cock a couple times until You’re satisfied it will have the most effective
placement. I contract my muscles and elevate my cock off the vibrator.
For the first few minutes it seems like a simple task, but soon those muscles
begin to tire, and i have a harder and harder time keeping myself elevated
off the vibrator. Finally my muscles give out completely, and my cock lands
squarely on the vibrator and stays despite all my efforts to move it off.
You smile, knowing what will happen next. As my orgasm builds my muscles
grow so weak the cannot contract properly to expel the semen. The rush
of semen and fullness it feels serves to heighten my orgasm even more,
along with the burning of my muscles as they try to contract to shoot the
fluid out of me. It’s the most intense orgasm i’ve ever experienced. I
collapse in my bonds and hang limply on the cross as You replace the vibrator
on the shelf. Small shudders continually wrack my body as little by little
my semen runs out from me to drop on the hardwood flooring below.

You allow me time to recover, then release the hinge pin on the cross
and spin me over onto my head and lock me in place. “Time to clean up your
mess pet. This time I’m going to help you.”  You sit back down and
run Your toes through the puddle of semen I’ve left on the floor, and move
them to my mouth for me to clean off. “Make sure you clean them off well
pet.” It’s utterly humiliating to swallow your own semen, even more so
to have it fed to you while hanging upside down. I continue doing as You’ve
ordered, until You’re satisfied my mess has been properly dealt with. You
stand and spin me back upright, and release me from the cross. i kneel
and kiss Your feet again as soon as I’m on the floor, and You stand there
for a few minutes allowing this homage to You before pulling Your foot
away and motioning me to follow You down the hallway to bed.

W/we rise early the next day, and quickly pack for O/our journey home.
Well rested despite the prior evening’s activities, W/we eat breakfast,
straighten up the cabin and load the car all before 9 a.m. W/we hesitate
at the doorway, before closing it behind U/us and start walking to the
car. “W/we didn’t even use half the stuff She has in there you know.” You
say half absentmindedly. “She has a rather large selection of candles,
a vacuum bed and a set up that hangs ice cubes over that rack to drip on
the person stretched out on it.” You look back towards the cabin again
as W/we reach the car, and before w/we climb in i say “You know Mistress,
W/we really don’t need to leave for another three or four hours yet.” i
see a faint twinkle in Your eye, and You motion towards the cabin with
Your head before you race off ahead of me to unlock the door.
