---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiessz/a_true_out_of_body_experience.html
title: A True Out of Body Experience
authors:
- Woj
tags:
- F-m
- latex
- bond
- horse
- cuffs
- catsuit
- hood
- voy
- straps
- buttplug
- toys
- tease
- denial
- cons
- XX
date: 2026-06-07 00:00:00
---

You can't look away. Not that you want to, but even if you did, you couldn't. You can barely turn your head, and when you do the screen moves with it. Your eyes are glued to it for the foreseeable future, not that you’re complaining. It’s everything you could ask for.

The video is showing a side profile of a man. He is fully covered in black polished latex and bent over on a leather padded sawhorse. The camera is watching his left side, positioned slightly higher than his back and about fifteen feet away. With the help of a mirror on the opposite wall your view is exquisite. You see everything.

Not a piece of his skin was visible. A latex hood, gloves, and stockings, all with dark red accents, are being worn over his black one-piece catsuit. He is completely layered in tight latex not leaving much to the imagination. He is **totally** **encased**.

*You’re being forced to watch. You wish it was you.*

The central beam of the sawhorse is wide spanning, about six inches you figure. And the length was cut perfectly for his body. It is positioned from just below his neck and ending right before his groin. His arms, legs and cock hang off of the sawhorse providing easy access to every *layered* extremity. His limbs are being slightly spread, resting against the angled wooden supports before being held horizontal boards. The entire piece was designed to keep his whole body a foot or so off the ground.

He's ready to be used.

Four boards total, one for each arm, and one for each leg sit at the perfect height to keep them at a 90 degree bend. The thick black padding has depressions in the middle that look to be designed to cradle or more likely, **restrict** anything placed within them. His limbs sat comfortably in the leather channels.

The leg supports are only partially connected to the main structure by the knees. They continue on past that point with a floating section of board that supports his lower shin and end in a cutout for his feet to hang freely. Anyone behind him will have incredible access to all of his sensitive, delicate, latex-covered parts. He looked so very vulnerable and still surprisingly relaxed.

*I could cane his feet or paddle his ass.* Everything looks so delicious.

The craftsmanship of the sawhorse highlighted his pose. The wood is stained dark and carved with intricate patterns. The black leather padding covers the supports, upholstered and accented with red thread with matching screws. It perfectly matches the man’s suit. It has to be custom made, the question burning into the back of your mind is if it was custom made for him.

The man’s head faces the floor, supported by a massage style headrest attached at one end. Two red latex straps, each with a chrome buckle and small padlock, stand out against the back of his black hood. Reflections from the polished metal shined from the overhead lighting. The straps wrap tightly around his head and pass through the head rest out of sight. You can't tell if they were holding something up or his head down.

You could see the pressure by the way the straps press the hood closer to his head than the rest of his second skin. The small clasps would be a struggle to open and his latex-gloved hands would make it nearly impossible. But nothing has been left to chance. Black and red semi-transparent latex cuffed mittens, locked around his already gloved hands, made sure to turn that challenge to an impossibility. Assuming his jailor was kind enough to ever provide the key to him in the first place.

*Watching him fumble to use a key would be bliss.*

The thought of that gear being locked on, unable to be removed even if he wanted, gives your stomach butterflies. You wonder what’s under the table as your arousal keeps building.

*Maybe he has a gas mask? A rebreather? A blindfold? Or maybe it's used to make his head totally immobilized?*

The not knowing makes it better. Your imagination runs wild as you watch the screen intently. You can’t move. You don't dare to even blink. You're far too invested, preparing for what is going to happen next, what **you** are going to do to him. All the while the man was perfectly still. Impressive considering he isn't even tied down….**yet**.

“Switch,” you say.

The camera angle changes. You still see **the subject**, but now the view was different. Instead of the side profile it's now a view from someone's point of view. A woman’s perspective who was previously out of frame.

She’s sitting in an armchair to the right of the original camera. The smooth bare skin of her lower calves and ankles stood out against the black stiletto heels and the end of her latex dress covering most of her legs. Her hands clasped in front of her, resting on the tight latex above her groin. The dress is being pulled taut by her crossed legs but appears more wavy and less strict as it falls past her knees.

The outline of her legs shows as the material transitions from tight to loose. The top of her calves look sleek yet defined beneath it. It looks incredible and you wished you could touch it, smell it.

*And lick it,* your aroused mind makes sure to insert it to your working list.

Your mind wonders, wondering what she was wearing under it as a wake of arousal crashes over you. You yearn, yet still can't move. She sits waiting for a command.

“Get up,” you continue.

She listens, uncrosses her legs, and stands. You can hear the latex crinkle from her movement and as it does, the sound tickles your brain in such a good way. The camera moves with her, perfectly matching her eye level. The screen on your face makes you feel like you are her.

Her head tilted down while she adjusted herself gives you a better view of her outfit and sculpted body in the process. Your view was that of a tall, well-built woman in a strapless latex dress. White accents run along her hips and between her breasts tracing a line down the center. Her breasts are framed by a tightly wound leather corset positioning them neatly within the dress.

Unfortunately her arms are left uncovered. You wished otherwise, but you suspect it was intentional. The tattoos and muscle definition showed her strength and she isn't trying to hide it.

You watch as she pulls the dress down slightly, taking a moment to run her hands across the material and smooth out any wrinkles. The soft sounds of shifting latex dance though your ears putting you in a partial trance. Then you notice the scent. Faint but unmistakeable, latex is filling your nose from somewhere you can’t see.

*Was it here the whole time?*

“Approach,” you tell her.

She slowly walks toward the man, her heels on the tile floor. Each step sends a sharp clack. And each sound sends a jolt through you and the man on the table. You both shudder with each strike as she struts closer.

“Switch,” you say again.

The camera angle jumps back. You see her approaching from the right. A tightly bound ponytail swaying slightly with each step. Her thighs press against the dress, stretching it before it rebounds with enough force to be noticeable. The latex continues its distinctive wavering ruffle as she walks.

She has a deliciously wicked smile, oozing confidence with every stride. The walk is intentional, designed to draw out the sound and make it linger.

Thick black rimmed glasses add to her presence. You can barely make out the tiny cameras embedded within them, feeding your other view. You’re in charge, or at least you keep telling yourself. It’s not very convincing. A small voice in the back of your mind, one you’re choosing to ignore, warns you she holds all power here.

As she enters the frame your audio changes. It now matches what the subject would hear. The steps grow louder from below you before coming to stop at his lower left side. You're watching as she starts to slowly rub her hand over his tightly clad glutes.

“Spank,” you tell her.

You watch her ass sway as she winds up and bring one single hard open-handed smack down on his left glute. You wince as the hand comes down. It looks like he did it too. The impact echoes through him and you. As he accepts it without protest.

Instead your own ass tingles. It's craving attention as you start to notice how much the lust has taken over your brain.

*You crave more.*

“Tie him down,” you say.

She circles him once. You hear the sound trace her path around your head, finally ending on his right side, opposite from the camera, as she crouches beside him. You expected another impact but a quick rub was what made both of you jump. Then she pulls a wide double-clasped belt that was attached under the main board. She's making it as audible as possible. The metal click and leather smack play out. Adding lovely suspension before she starts wrapping it around the man’s upper back.

She positions the belt as high as she can, just under his armpits, interlocks the ends and lets it rest lightly against him with a sly smile.

*That won’t do.*

As she reaches over the man to adjust the belt she makes sure her latex covered breasts are clearly framed for the camera. She gave you a perfect view of them sliding along his back, the polished latex material slipping against each other.

She doesn't even glance at the camera, but the smile gives it away. Clearly knew what it was doing to you. She runs her hands across his back, and you feel a tingle on yours. It's a tease, drawn out, as after she grabs the belt and pulls it tighter.

Once the belt traps him she waits for her next command.

Your mind is now swimming in lust. She went easy and he deserves no restraint.

“Tighter,” you tell her.

She smirks and willingly listens. As she undoes the buckle, she teases his latex-covered skin with light pats down his back. You swear you feel them too. She makes both of you shiver as the pressure from her hands against the material sends a tingle through you.

*You're doing this to him.*

Without warning, she pulls hard. Very hard, before quickly locking the clasp into place. You see her muscles flex as she puts her full strength into it, then threads the belt through the loop. She finishes by sliding a padlock through a small loop on the end of the clasp. A pause after it goes through builds makes the tension skyrocket before the loud click of it snapping shut breaks the silence.

The sound rings through both of your minds leading to a gasp escaping from both of your mouths. His chest is now firmly pinned to the wide padded bar, the thick cushioning compressed from his pressure. The catsuit reflects the light differently now, distorted along the edges of the tightened belt.

You realize your breathing has become shallow and quick. It’s matching his perfectly.

*She controls him. No -- you control him.*

“Another.”

She side steps, moving closer to his ass as she grabs the second belt. Wrapping it around his waist she surprises both of you with her first yank. The immediate use of her full strength makes her flex. His obliques tighten under the pressure, the suit deforming yet again. You feel a faint echo of it on your own sides.

“Limbs,” you say next.

She proceeded to do the same to his arms as the restriction grew *tighter*. The belt feeds though the supporting board and around the man’s wrist, then pulled tight. His latex-locked hands were flattened against the surface. The channels padding cleanly deforms to encase the limb.

He tries to rotate his wrists. You try the same, imagining what it feels like. Neither of you can move.

“Switch.”

Back to her view. You watch as she placed a small padded block of wood below his elbow, preventing him from pulling the arm down. Not that the wrist strap would allow it but its added security.

She finishes by wrapping one more belt just before the elbow, threading it through the support in the same fashion. When she does, the arm becomes completely immobilized at a 90-degree angle. He had no way to move it.

You see his muscles flex under the latex as you both try, but just like your own restraint, it's a worthless attempt. A wave of pleasure runs through your body.

*Where am I?*

The thought flickers then vanishes. It's swallowed as you're forced back into the lust, the arousal, the screen.

“Switch.”

Back to the wall view. She started wrapping the other limbs with a deliberate tease. Each strap gets laid over his body first before going back through to pin him down completely. Every belt that gets placed over his latex-covered skin sends a shiver through him. Something makes you feel each one.

The other arm is next, secured the same way. First the wrist, then the block, finally the elbow before she moves on to the legs.

But with the legs she adds an extra surprise.

The steps follow a similar pattern but a new order. First she places the block. It went above the knee. A slight concave shape lets it wrap tightly around the joint, locking it firmly into place.

*The immobilization is almost complete.*

Then she prodded and massaged his calves before surprising both him and you by adding an extra belt right across the back of them. A wave of excitement hits you, you're sure it hits him as well. Now he had 3 per leg. There's nothing he can do.

The first belt sits behind his knee, as she pulls it down the pressure lifts his foot slightly. She fixes it by attacking the ankle. A gentle and steady pull brings it in line while his latex-covered foot hangs freely off the end.

*You should have her torture them.*

Finally, she ends with tightening the calf and it looks exquisite. As she pulls it squeezes the muscle through the latex. The shape pressing and deforming under the tension. He isn’t going anywhere until you allow it.

She repeats the process with the other leg. But this time, after each belt is clasped, she whispers in the man’s ear “Good Boy”. The words echo through you each time, sending a blissful wave crashing through both of you as she finishes.

“Switch.” Back to her view.

She's not waiting for an order. She stands and starts circling her prey. You hear the heel trace a path around you -- no, him -- as she runs her hand along the body in the process. The skin sliding across the latex makes that delicious sound. Each time her hand passes over a belt or a bunched section of suit, the added noise heightens the mood.

She makes multiple slow loops. With each one she threads a lock through a belt loop but doesn't clasp them yet.

One last circle after they're all in place for both you and her to admire the work. Then she stops by his ass and looks down at it. You get the perfect view of all of his most sensitive areas. And you know no matter what he does, there is nothing he can do to stop what’s about to happen.

His suit includes a double sheath. His hardened latex-covered cock is sealed in one, hanging there for anyone to toy with. While the other is sitting ready to get pressed into his *greedy* hole. The sheath leaves nothing to the imagination. Everything is covered and defined. You want to have her touch, suck, or fuck him and watch as he struggles in the restraints. But you can’t, not yet.

She was waiting for the next order, so you provide it.

“Fill his ass.”

She spreads lube over and into the built-in anal condom, then begins pushing it in slowly using a few fingers along with lots more lube. You hope, for his sake, it was lubed internally. But you suspect it was, judging by how little he reacts from the intruder. And how easily it slides in.

*Maybe he can’t react... but he makes no noise.*

Pressure near your ass starts to build. It was small but good. You can’t remember if you were plugged but if so you start craving something larger.

After inserting the condom she pulls out a prostate toy. One designed to be moved by his own pelvic muscles. You know exactly where this is leading, you start to crave for the same one. Eyes are fixed to the screen waiting to see his reaction.

More lube on the suit and toy as she starts circling the opening. Applying pressure but not committing, pulling back before any penetration. Both of your muscles keep flexing, the tease of the intruder building the anticipation higher and higher.

For what feels like hours, but likely is only minutes, she continued. Then the dam breaks. The anticipation turns to action as she slowly starts to press inward. His feet and hand movements are the only signs it was making its way in. The hole expands slowly as the toy slides smoothly with no friction against the latex barrier.

*He must need it badly.*

The slow steady pressure eventually pushes the toy's bulbed tip past the sphincter. You both grunt as it gives way. But that is only the beginning, another gasp escapes you both.

*He must be feeling it.*

You see how much larger the second hump compares as it grows before tapering back to the T-base. She twists while maintaining slowly steady pressure. The angled head must be prodding deep inside him with the movement. Pushing the toy and the latex against his inner anal walls.

*It will be fully inserted. He must be loving every second of it.*

As the pressure continues, the widened bulb starts stretching him more. You watch it expand gradually as it moves forward. She glides it in with practiced control, slow, deliberate and precise. Every time he tenses, she stops and waits. Then more lube, more twisting and the toy advances again.

Eventually the largest point passes and his muscles do the rest. They start pulling the massager in, all the way in. It looks almost eager, like his ass is craving it.

*Look how it craves the toy - the pleasure.*

Now you both can't stop groaning. Your anal toy hits your prostate and precum starts to be milked from your cock.

*When did that get there?*

The question briefly flickers through your mind before getting shoved aside as she spanks him hard on both cheeks. The impact forces a clench and the clench does its job, driving the toy deeper, rubbing it against his prostate.

You’re breathing heavily as she stops. She begins to move around him, locking every loose padlock. One by one they close. Some quickly and others delayed. She flicks and jingles before snapping them shut. As each clasp locks her voice presses into your mind.

“Good Boy," she says.

Each time triggering a new wave of pleasure. Muscles tightening, pleasure cascading through both of you as it happens.

“More,” you say as the desire fully consumes your mind.

She finishes and heads back to his butt. No more waiting for orders, she's taken charge and starts smacking. Left, right, both. Again and again it seems like she's never going to stop. Each of her slaps sing from the impact of muscle and material.

*His skin must be soo red under the latex. It probably matches the suit*

“Milk him!” You say trying to feign power. She already started before you said it.

She pulls and pushes the anal toy herself overriding his body. Each movement, a different distance and different speed. You feel yours move erratically as both of you are moaning and drooling. The precum is now dribbling out of your tip at a steady pace. The toy is getting raked across the prostate over and over.

It looks like you’re doing it to him. And it feels like it’s happening to you. Some body-shaking shivers go through both of you from her *torture* and you can’t take it anymore. You need the release.

“Tease his cock,” you shout.

Your view is still her view. As she slams the toy fully back in and crouches down. She must have liked the idea as she firmly grips his latex sheathed cock. You see it twitch and flex as she grips and slides and you feel yours pumping with pleasure and blood.

She slowly, painfully slowly, starts moving her hand adding lube when needed. Each finger repeatedly sliding over the glands. His cock so clearly defined by the latex sheath it looks incredible. It's his second skin. She spends a few more movements by the tip before continuing down, reaching the base. Her attention now moved to the shaft and balls. Rubs and light pats are given as you watch her hand keep gliding over his latex. The sheath is acting like the world's thickest condom. It must be torture.

*The lack of sensation must be what you are feeling.*

“Faster,” you crave.

She refused. She was going to make him suffer. Your cock twitching at the thought of losing control. You both start begging as pleasure starts moving through your body. You wanted to touch yourself so badly but can’t. She moves back to the slowest and lightest strokes possible while using her other hand to apply firm pressure on the toy burring it deeper. Both of you buck in your restraints.

“Oh no no no, you can’t come yet.” she says while pressing.

“Switch,” whispers through your heavy breathing.

The camera somehow listens as you are now watching from the side. The closer you get the more your muscles flex. You can see the base of his massager twitching as they do the same. Each movement floods your cock with more and more pleasure all the while her demanding voice telling you not to cum. Each suggestion makes it harder and harder to listen.

You're both squirming. Flailing in the restraints, at least for the limited degree they allow you to. The pleasure builds and builds and right as you're both about climax.... She stops.

Both of you thrash and scream in the restraints. The edge was so close. Both of you start chasing it with your ass knowing it wont work but your mind needs the release. She starts walking around him, her hands dragging against his black shiny skin sending more waves through his body. His skin is tingling from sensation. Or is that yours?

Stopping while standing above his head.

“Switch”

Her view of his restrained body glistening. He's still groaning from the pleasure.

“Release?” you beg for anyone who listens.

You take in the view as she crouches, reaches down and pulls a key from between her breasts. She unlocks the straps and undoes the buckles holding whatever is attached to his face.

"Don't you dare cum," she demands.

Then the straps drop. The heavyweight object pulls them around and through the headrest away from his face.

…

The headset falls away pulling the screen with it as thuds against the floor. Your panting hard as drool keeps falling from your open mouth. You find yourself staring at the same tile floor from the video.

*Your brain misfires.*

Someone lifts your latex chin off the pillow. You see the latex clad woman standing in front of you.

*How?*

She kisses you deeply. You can't process it, and at the moment don't care to. *Orgasm* is now all you can think about. She lets go, your head falls back on the pillow as you hear her breathy whisper.

“Such a good boy. You're my perfect... rubber... slave.”

With each she presses the toy into you along with pressure on your crown pushing you head into the pillow adding more restriction. More waves of pleasure as the toy rams against your prostate with each word. Your brain still focused on orgasming, the change of scenery, the pleasure was too much. With the last word it forces your cock to explode inside the sheath. You start shaking in the restraints.

She rushes under you to pleasure your member while the orgasm starts gripping your body. She tugs and licks on the latex as the prostate orgasm continues though her sensation. The pleasure was at a new high, something you thought impossible to match right up until her touch of your member forces another round before the prostate orgasm finished.

Shaking turns to convulsing and moaning turns to screams as the orgasm strengthens to a new high. Thrashing is close but doesn't quite describe the ferocity from your body as it tries to break the restraints. The belts and looks doing their job keeping you trapped in place as the whole sawhorse shifts slightly from the movement. You're seeing stars as you cross the peak.

Your ass clenching tight as you start to settle. It's holding the toy in place, slowing the fall and forcing minor convulsions on the way down. You hear her let go of your cock from her mouth with a plop. Her hands rubbing against her restrained slut. She’s loving feeling him come down in her presence.

“Oh my. Such a dirty slut. And was that your first ever HFO? You know, I warned you not to cum. Guess I will need to make you suffer,” she whispers as she thinks you've come down.

But you didn’t hear past the word, “Slut”. You’ve passed out.
