---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/walk_park.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: A Walk in the Park
authors:
- RG Bargy
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- rope
- tease
- mast
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2006-02-14 00:00:00
---

After a long hard day Sophia needed time and space to
unwind and the Park provided it. One of the attractions of her house was, that
it overlooked the park, acres of space in the middle of such a built up area.
You could almost get lost in amongst the trees and, the winding unmade paths.
The evening was bright and sunny.

Sophia was an executive in a large corporation. She
had worked hard to get where she was, sacrificing, friendship, leisure and
romance, She was single and unattached. At 40 she still had plenty to look
forward to, she was fit and healthy, though too old to start a family. If only
she could find someone to share her success with.

She walked steadily, her hair flowing gently over her
shoulders, a natural blonde which had been partly the reason she had fought so
hard for success. Many people had underestimated her by her looks. She wore no
bra. Her bust was not over large, enough, but she liked the feel of loose
fabric over her nipples keeping them tingly and alert. The soft cotton dress
was just dense enough to camouflage her recklessness to any one except the
more close observer. She drew the line at no panties, although she would
prefer to be free of them, the breeze could lift her dress to reveal more than
was decent. She had a reputation to preserve, at least in public.

Despite her dedication to work she was not completely
ignorant of carnal matters. She had a vivid imagination and read avidly during
breaks at work and most evenings. She had started with Mills & Boon but
more recently had been branching into other things. She had even visited a sex
shop once, in Holland where such things are more open and less frowned upon.
She had also purchased a vibrator which had kept her company on many a long
winter’s night.

She had even had the occasional wild fling, but had
attracted the attention of the wrong sort of man, more interested in removing
her panties than delving into her mind. The last one had been a little more
considerate than most, trying to give her as much pleasure as himself and
spending time with fore play. She had learnt quite a lot from Greg. He
introduced her to multiple orgasms, which she now could enjoy without the help
of his skilful fingers. He had had little imagination though. The most
adventurous he had been was to enter her doggy style.

In books she had explored other avenues. Some had
revolted her. The thought of cross dressing, sploshing or golden showers could
send her completely numb. She was more attracted to the more physical
variations, and even wondered about a lesbian encounter. Such things were
mostly kept for fantasy or literature. She was not sure how she would react if
confronted with tickling or S & M in real life. She could not fully
imagine being spanked or restrained, or whether she would freak out or enjoy
it, and it was not something you could just go out and ask for.

When she was out walking she would sometimes
fantasise about the people she saw. Imagining dark and devious scenarios in
which she would be captured and held, but eventually pleasured beyond her
normal limitations. She knew such thoughts were both exciting but dangerous
and that in reality she would more likely be raped and killed than stimulated
and pleasured. Still a girl needed something to occupy her mind and she
slipped easily into her reverie.

In the distance she saw the typical villain of her
piece. A strong man in a donkey jacket carrying a bulging holdall and sporting
a large woolly hat. He had dirty brown boots with steel toe caps and a long
loping gate. While he was still some distance off she turned off into the
centre of the park. She had a picture of him now and could weave the story
without reality getting in the way. The bag would be filled with tools and
ropes and he would set upon her and tie her to a tree and then slowly remove
all her clothes. No one would come to her rescue and he would spend hours
teasing and touching her before carrying her off to be his sexual slave. The
story played through her mind until she suddenly realised that there was
someone near by.

It was him! He had turned off behind her and was
steadily catching up. The path winded down to the lake in the middle of the
park and Sophia lengthened her stride. There would probably be people around
the lake. He seemed in no hurry to catch her but she was sure that she was on
his mind.

Reaching the edge of the lake she saw to her dismay
that it was deserted. The path around it was tarmac with a protective rail
running around the edge of the water. She sought refuge on the nearest park
bench, in the hope that it was just her imagination and that she was not the
centre of his attention. She focussed her eyes firmly onto a duck swimming on
the lake and waited for the danger to pass. The holdall landed on the bench
with a heavy thud forcing her to look up.

“You’re Sophia aren’t you?” It was not even a
question, just a statement of fact.

“Yes, how did you know?” She managed to blurt
out, her heart heading straight for her mouth and in danger of leaving her
altogether.

“We have a mutual friend; Lorna, Lorna Howarth.”

“You know Lorna?”

“Oh yes. Intimately.”

She took that at face value. Lorna was a flirt. Well
more than a flirt, she was quite happy to go all the way. With a body that
would turn the head of a saint and looks to match, Lorna was well equipped and
knew how to use it. Knowing Lorna intimately was not a unique position,
neither was it destined to impress.

“I am not like Lorna.” She replied emphatically.
“Neither would I want to be.” She added, and immediately wished she had
not. For all she knew it could have been more than a passing fling. They may
even be close. It was not unthinkable.

He seemed un-moved
“I know.”

Sophia ventured a more close examination of this tall
and enigmatic stranger. His face was rugged and well tanned suggesting an out
door way of life. He was built like an ox, with muscles in places she had
never seen before, but he was clean shaven and his eyes were soft and gentle:
no sign of violence or menace.

“I’m sorry, I seem to have frightened you.”

“It’s all right. You just never know. Were you
following me?”

“Yes and no. I live over the other side of the park
and was on my way home when I saw you. I thought it about time we met. Oh I
haven’t introduced myself. Forgive me. I’m Martin., Martin Frizeldi”

“Sounds foreign.” She said without thinking.

“Well may be several generations past. I was born
here as were my parents and grandparents so I believe.”

Sophia flushed. This was not going very well.

“My house overlooks the park, so I suppose we are
neighbours. If you ignore the acres of grass and a few thousand non human
inhabitants. It would be nice to see a friendly face occasionally. I moved in
nearly a year ago but do not really know any one around here.”

“Well I would be more than happy to see you again,
perhaps we could arrange a more formal time that would suit rather than rely
on chance.”

“Not too formal.” She corrected. “My life is
full enough with meetings and etiquette. It would be nice to be able to let my
hair down so to speak.”

“And I would enjoy running my fingers through your
hair, if that was appropriate.”

“Hmm. That might be nice.”

“Well I will leave you to consider it. May I call
you?”

“You have my number?”

“Well I was hoping you might give it to me. Or
better, your address. I can always look you up.”

“I don’t normally pass on my address or telephone
to every man who stops me in the park.... But .”

“Perhaps if I joined you on the bench for a while
you might feel more comfortable opening up. I am not an ogre or even a rampant
rapist.” She motioned for him to sit. He kept a discrete distance from her,
his hand resting casually on the holdall. Sophia wished she had not removed
her bra, she was showing more than a little sign of arousal.

“So what is in the bag?”

“Tools. I’m a landscape gardener. My partner
keeps the van and all the heavy gear. He drops me off on this side of the park
to save battling through the traffic. I quite like the walk, unless it’s
raining of course.”

“Gardening. Well that is light years away from my
offices and board meetings. May I see?”

He looked perplexed “Sure, but why?”

“Oh just curiosity. I had visions of you carrying a
blunt instrument and shackles.”

“No, just tools. Though you might find the odd
length of twine. Watch your hand though some of the tools are very sharp.”

Sophia burrowed through the bag; there was nothing
untoward just gardening implements, a lunch box and flask, and a reel of
twine, scarcely more than a couple of millimetres thick.”

“Satisfied?”

“I suppose so. You did give me quite a start.”

“How was I suppose to approach you? I did not know
exactly where you live. I have seen you a couple of times walking in the park
but you always seem preoccupied with something.”

“I come here to relax and unwind. My mind is
normally wandering, not thinking of anything in particular.”

Sophia’s attention was distracted by the approach
of a young woman. Long black hair caught in a velvet tie. A leather choker
with metal studs. Bare mid rift sandwiched between black top and a very short
leather skirt. The top was cut off at the sleeves and very low front and back.
She wore leather bracelets and a barbed tattoo around the top of her right
arm. Black almost fishnet stockings and polished leather boots finished the
ensemble.

“Now there’s someone asking to be raped.”
Sophia commented.

“I’d pity the man who tried.”

“You know her too?” Sophia looked incredulous.

“Only by reputation. It is said she has a black
belt in every martial art and a few moves of her own on top. Not my type at
all.”

“Look but don’t touch.”

“More like beware. She is a man eater by all
accounts.”

The girl disappeared into the distance. Sophia and
Martin sat and chatted for a bit longer before he got up to leave.

“I’ll leave you to your fantasies.” He said
proving that she had revealed more than she thought. “I’ll call you.”

Left alone Sophia considered the encounter. He had
undressed her with his eyes most of the time and the lack of bra must have
encouraged him. What must he really think? What with her obsession with his
bag and wandering around without a bra. Not the sort of impression she would
normally want to give. She retraced her steps back to the house.

Once inside she kicked off her shoes and peeled off
her dress. It was her house, she lived alone and there were curtains at all
the windows. The freedom was wonderful. She pottered about the house doing the
necessary chores, before retreating to the bedroom. The evening was still
young but she had an appointment with a book. She had discovered this author a
few months ago and was ploughing through his novels about one a week. This one
had reached an erotic interlude which she was looking forward to sharing with
her trusty vibrator.

Fully naked she retrieved the vibrator and the book
from her bottom draw and propped herself up with several pillows. She immersed
herself in the feelings of the female character. As the scene progressed she
inserted the vibrator on a low setting and let her right hand caress her body,
concentrating around her breasts. She was not gentle with herself, kneading
and tweaking as the book demanded. Her breathing increased and she was just
ready to increase the vibrator when the phone rang.

“Damn, who could that be?” She exclaimed to no
one in particular. Very few people knew she existed let alone her phone number
and she had meticulously removed it from all commercial calling.

“Hello.” She said warily, half expecting her
mother to be on the other end. That was a regular, long phone call. Just as
well there were no such things as videophones, her mother may not understand
why her daughter spent so much time naked or nearly so.

“Hi, I hope you were not busy.” The voice sounded
familiar. “I’ve got to nip to the DIY warehouse and wondered whether I
could drop in and see you?”

“Martin?” She said incredulously. “You’re
certainly keen.”

“No time like the present. It will take me half an
hour or so, is that all right?”

“Yes, I suppose so, I’ve got nothing on at the
moment.” Her mind guffawed at the double meaning but she kept her voice
steady. “I can be ready in half an hour. I will expect you then. Number
36” she reminded him.

“Do you really think I’d forget?” He chided
gently.

First stop was the shower. She allowed the water to
just flood over and over her for a few moments. She shut her eyes and tried to
retrieve the picture she had just been reading but it was lost for now.
Instead her mind jumped back to the park and the tall stranger leaning over
her. There was no fear in this vision. She felt surprisingly safe at the
thought of his presence and a nervous expectation started to develop inside
her. Her hand reached for the sponge and the shower gel. She kept her eyes
shut as the sponge caressed over her delving into the most personal of places,
then away under each arm and down each leg. She tried to imagine Martin
touching her but found she could not. Those hands seemed so big, so strong,
she could not imagine them being gentle, yet this whole being had defied the
idea of violence and roughness. There was a conflict here which only time
would resolve. Was Martin the Lover she had longed for? Or the wolf at her
door, waiting to pounce and overcome her?

Mechanically her hands switched to the shampoo, her
fingers pressing hard against her scalp forcing the shampoo into every root of
her hair. Then she stood still and allowed the fountain to wash over her again
and carry all her cares down the drain.

She emerged a new woman, with vigour and purpose. It
took a full eight minutes to fully dry her hair, but she was not that flushed
for time. She risked the hottest setting and waived the thing dramatically
around forcing her hair into submission. She found a head band, black velvet,
and tamed her now frizzing hair with it. With any luck it could calm down over
the next fifteen minutes as she rushed round picking up and shoving away into
drawers or cupboards. Passing the bedroom her eye caught sight of the vibrator
lying where she had left it still glistening with her juices. He was quickly
despatched back to the bottom draw along with her book. A cursory swipe across
the duvet brought it roughly into line and she stood up and gazed around. It
occurred to her that she was being presumptuous that they would reach the
threshold of her bedroom, but the idea had merit. Still she would just let
things pan out, not rush or be assertive. Martin had shown more than enough
enthusiasm as it was by visiting so quickly. Was she a conquest to be had?
Another pussy to be taken? Or did he just want to get to know her?

Coffee. There was nothing like the smell of fresh
coffee as you entered a house. It brought warmth and homeliness. She hoped he
liked coffee. Within minutes there was the reassuring gurgle of the coffee
maker and the aroma spread throughout the house. The door bell pulled her back
to reality. He was here. She hesitated seeing the large shadow through the
frosted glass of her front door. No point in delaying, she must meet her fate
head on.

“Martin, is that you?” She called through the
door.

“Expecting any one else?” he boomed back.

Sliding back the safety bolt with purpose, Sophia
opened the door. She was not quite
expecting the sight that greeted her. It was the same man, big, rugged,
muscular and the eyes were the same, soft and gentle, but the appearance was a
transformation. Gone was the donkey jacket, dirty jeans, steel capped boots,
now there was an air of casual elegance. He had resisted a suit, well, she saw
enough of men in suits during the week. He had worn a tie, though, it did not
quite work, he looked a little uncomfortable with the top button straining a
little underneath a roughly finished knot. The shirt was lightly patterned and
short sleeved, the trousers were neat, but not pressed and the shoes sparkled.

He presented her with the slightly corny bunch of
flowers. In his other hand was a carrier bag.

“Did these come from the DIY store too?” She accused.

“I would like to say that they came from my
garden.” He began. “But I don’t have garden.”

“It’s the thought that counts.” She reassured him.

“How do you know my thoughts are honourable?” He queried.

Sophia ignored the question. Her eyes were examining
the bag he carried. She could see what looked like a bundle of rope and some
bags of fixings.

“You really do worry about what I’m carrying.”
He said obviously noticing her gaze. “I said I was going to the DIY store.
We have to put up a washing line for a client.”

It sounded plausible enough. He put the bag down just inside the door.

“So, do I get the tour? Looks like you’ve got
plenty of room, especially compared to my flat.”

“I inherited it.” She lied. The truth was she
hardly noticed the mortgage on her salary. “I will show you round if you
like You may as well start in the kitchen while I fix these flowers...”

The Kitchen was large and functional. She ruffled
around under the sink and found a vase, a splosh of water and unceremoniously
dumped the bunch in. She may sort it out later, when she was alone.

He seemed unusually interested as she led him around
the rest of the house. He examined her bookshelves carefully, and looked over
her ornaments with more than a cursory glance. His gaze seemed to linger on
the magazine on the lounge table. There was nothing to be seen. She had played
hostess more than once for work. Her house was as innocuous as possible. Any
secrets would be well hidden.

“Would you like to ruffle through my drawers and
cupboards too?”

He flushed visibly. “Was I looking that
intensely?”

“If I knew what you were looking for I might be
able to help.

His embarrassment grew steadily. “Well.......”

“Go on.”

“I had an inkling you might be interested in
something. But...”

“What?

“UM...”

“Spit it out.”

“I’m not sure. This might be the end of a
promising relationship.”

“We haven’t started yet. How can it be the end.
Now we are both adults. What are you looking for?”

“Well you seemed so obsessed with what I carried,
and the look on your face when I walked in with the clothes line.”

It was now Sophia’s turn to grow bright red. She
flushed wildly. “I have a vivid imagination.” She explained weakly

“The question I was trying to answer was whether
you were obsessed with such things, afraid of such things, curious or just
plain whacky. And I am still not sure. There is nothing to indicate an
interest in Bondage or the like, so I can only conclude that you are afraid in
some manner. Or Whacky.” He added as an afterthought.

“So you want to see my dungeon?” She said as
flatly as she possibly could. Martin took a few seconds to decide whether she
was telling the truth before breaking in to a wide grin.

“You had me going for a second there. Does this
mean you are interested, or not?”

“It depends what you mean by interested. I’m
curious, but I’m not about to tie you up, or let you do the same to me.
I’ve never done such things and would not even dream of it with someone I
hardly know.” Martin visibly relaxed.

“Well I admit that I am interested. But, I have
never tied any one up or been tied up either. I do have magazines and books on
the subject but that is about as far as I have got. May be we can explore such
things some time, but for now I think we need to get to know each other
better.”

“So you’ve got magazines? What sort of magazines?
I did not think such things were allowed in this country.”

“You really are more than a little obsessed
aren’t you? Tell you what, I’ll bring some round next time, you can see
for yourself.”

“Fancy a coffee?”

“I thought you’d never ask. I don’t get real
coffee very often and that smell has been driving me wild.”

“Go into the lounge and I’ll bring some in. Milk,
Sugar?”

“Neither thank you.

“You’re easy to please.

Going back into the lounge Martin remembered the
computer. Sophia walked in with a couple of steaming mugs.

“We won’t stand on ceremony.” Martin Nodded.

“Say, are you hooked up to the net?

“Sure.” She said “You can’t be in business
without E-mail nower days.”

“How about surfing?”

“I tried it once. All I got was a screen full of
boxes pushing every obscene act you could think of, or else it took forever to
load and then they wanted your credit card details. I gave up.”

“May I?”

“Go ahead. I paid enough for the damn thing I might
as well get some fun out of it.”

Sophia watched amazed as Martin typed clicked and
whizzed his way through numerous web pages and within minutes the screen was
full of little pictures of women bound and gagged in all manner of positions.

“If you click on one of the small pictures, or
thumbnails as they are termed, you get a larger version that fills the
screen.”

“Try that one.” She said pointing at a girl in
what she thought was a classic looking position, hands behind, feet together,
some sort of ball in her mouth. As the picture unscrolled she could see ropes
wound around the girl’s upper body. Her hands were behind her and held close
to her bound legs making her bend backwards. The ropes looked like they were
tight and bit into her. Her face looked strained behind the gag.

“Looks dreadfully uncomfortable.” She commented. “Why would you do it?”

“Yes, some of the pictures look painful, it seems
that people do not associate bondage with sexual pleasure. More like
punishment or hurting. I do not like that sort of thing. I look at it more as
a teasing and pleasuring type of thing.”

“How do you mean?”

“Well, how do you react if someone runs a hand
gently up the inside of your leg?”

“I go through the roof. I can’t stand it. One
person I was with tried it and I kicked him in the head.”

“Hmm, not very sexy. But what if you were tied down
say like this.”

Sophia watched as another picture unfolded. This girl
was also naked but tied to a chair. Her arms were again behind her with ropes
around her chest but the face was not wracked in pain, more a look of arousal.
Her legs were parted, tied to each leg of the chair. She looked vulnerable but
excited. Suddenly Sophia's heart jumped, like she was going over a big wheel.
Blood rushed to her cheeks, her palms sweated and her knickers felt damp.

Martin turned round and saw her and started making
apologies to leave.

“No” she pleaded. “don't go. I need you here,
now.”

Martin was perplexed.

“What do you want? Sex?”

“No! Well not exactly. I want to be her.”

“You want me to tie you to a chair?”

“And tease me to orgasm, yes.”

“But I thought we said.”

“To hell with what we said. Will you or won’t
you?”

“Have you got any rope?”

“No but you have. There's some scissors in the
kitchen drawer by the sink. Hurry.”

Martin could not believe it. He rushed out to the
hall and picked up his bag. Went to the kitchen and found the scissors, then
returned to the lounge expecting to find Sophia sitting calmly and to laugh it
off. What he saw made his heart beat faster. Sophia was naked. Sitting on a
chair hands, behind her eyes shut tight, and mouth almost drooling. Her body
was tense, almost locked in position of it’s own accord. He could see perspiration
and could sense an electric tension and excitement.

“We need a safety word.” He stammered.
“Something that means stop, untie me.”

“England.” she blurted.

Martin ripped apart he clothes line and cut off a
length. He clumsily wrapped it round her wrists and tied it off to the chair.
He took another length around her waist, round the back of the chair and over
her now secure hands. He attached each ankle to a chair leg and then glanced
over at the computer screen. They were still on line. He disconnected, knowing
that the picture would still show, until the screen saver kicked in. He
positioned her thighs by running a rope under the seat and looping it over the
top of each leg as he pulled it taught. She was forced open. Finally he ran
the rest of the rope around her upper body above and below her breasts but not
onto them. He then stood back to admire his handy work. Sophia had hardly
flinched since he started, she had been almost rigid, fixed in the position
she had sat. Her eyes had stayed tightly shut and her breathing was short and
laboured.

“You can relax now, it is done.” He said quietly.
Her eyes flew open and he watched as she tried to move and realised that it
was impossible. There was a frantic writhing as the truth dawned on her.

“If you’ve changed your mind you know what to
say.” He said gently.

Sophia stopped struggling and the tension left her
arms and legs. She looked up and smiled.

“Well you’ve got me as you wanted. Now what?”

“Well...” He said slowly. “I have just ruined a
perfectly good clothes line. So I intend to get my money's worth. I intend to
explore every part of that body of yours and discover how you tick. But first,
as you have bared all for me I think it only fair that I should do the same
for you.”

He tugged at the tie with gusto. He had her attention
now. Her body tensed against its bonds as he started to strip for her. He was
big, but not clumsy. He kept a steady gaze into her eyes as he slowly gyrated
and removed his clothing. She watched intently, desire welling up inside her
and she jerked involuntarily within the limitation of her bonds.

“You remember the girl in the park?”

Sophia nodded, her eyes following his every movement.

“Well this is more look can’t touch.” He paused
for emphasis. “Although I do not have the same restrictions. Now let’s see
what is inside this package.”

Sophia struggled to no avail. There was no escaping
now. She was his to do as he pleased, yet she was not afraid. She was very
aroused, more than she had ever been.

Once naked he approached her. Towering over her, his
member pointing firmly to the sky. Sofia's eyes bulged at the sight of him,
but she was safe. There was no way he could enter her in this position. He
straddled over her without sitting down and allowed her a close inspection of
his equipment. She was keen to touch but he withdrew well out of reach of the
only part of her available which was her lips. He now proceeded to carry out
his spoken intent. Moving to the side, but still in view he stretched out a
hand and placed It on the inside of her thigh. The result was electric. She
struggled wildly realising how vulnerable she now was, but to no avail. She
was held tight and must submit to his touch. He traced a finger along the
inside of her leg as predicted she felt like going through the roof but she
was held fast. There would be no mule kick this time. He stopped short of the
damp recess in the middle and then passing onto the other leg, right down
until the ropes stopped him. Her
eyes were closed trying to control her new emotions. He ventured under her
foot. A squeal rewarded this gesture.

“Are you ticklish?” He asked mischievously

“Isn’t every one? She moaned.

“I’m not sure.” He paused, caressing the foot
as much as the ropes would allow. He
did not linger, perhaps feet weren’t his thing. She jumped when he touched
her tummy. He pressed fairly
firmly with both hands up her middle being careful to avoid her firm breasts.
He leant down, lifted her hair off her neck and planted a wet kiss. He was
rewarded with a shiver. He used his tongue to trace the contours of her neck
and she tensed visibly. He then started down her back but was stopped by the
chair.

“Hmm,” He mused “We will have try some other position next time. The chair gets in the way.”

“What makes you think there will be a next time?”
She stammered.

“Oh I think there will“. He assured her. “I’ve
only just started.” A few more wriggles but she was held fast. He continued
to inspect the rest of her body. She had no obvious tan lines as sun bathing
was not high on her agenda. She could sense him sizing her up and regretted
not being to be able to do the same with him. He returned to the front.

“I really am in need.” He informed her. “But
you do not seem to be in a position to relieve the situation.” He glanced
down at the floor. “I would hate to ruin such a nice carpet.” He paused
for thought.” I know.”

He retreated back to the kitchen and returned swiftly
with a towel. She was puzzled. He found a second chair and placed it in front
of her and sat lewdly down, his hand grasping his manhood firmly. The show was
brief. He was much too excited to hang on for long. The rewarding fountain was
very powerful reaching his chin. He mopped up with the towel but it still left
his chest glistening slightly.

“Such a messy past time.” He commented, his body
relaxing after its exertions.. “Now, Let’s see what we can do for you...”

Discarding the chair he approached her with purpose.
One hand to each breast he ran his palms round and around in ever decreasing
circles until the goal was reached. Sophia’s head was now flung back, eyes
closed as she absorbed these new sensations. He kissed and pulled at each
nipple making them swell and grow. He suddenly released all hold on her
breasts to gain her attention and then closed over her mouth with his. She
melted allowing his tongue to touch inside but her tongue was kept out of
reach. This was a first for her and she was not sure she really liked the way he filled her mouth with his tongue. He withdrew before she started to gag.

He knelt between her legs and made a more close
inspection of her. There was quite a lot of blonde hair, showing that she was
a true blonde and not bleached or coloured.. He ventured a finger inside and
found it warm and very wet. He buried his head down there but obviously found
that she was barely accessible.

“This position does have it’s downfalls. “ he
commented

He returned to her nipples. They were freely
available and had shrunk slightly due to lack of attention. He rectified this
but let his right hand explore the lower regions. Sophia responded quickly.
There was no stopping her and the first convulsions were quite powerful., but
he was not going to let her rest. Further spasms quickly followed and he
pursued with vigour.

“Stop, stop.! She cried “I can’t take any
more!”

One more orgasm

“England!”

He
stopped immediately. He worked quickly freeing the knots but letting the loops
loosen of their own accord. He had to completely release her hands. She
brushed away the remaining ropes and then slumped.

Martin turned away and got dressed. The computer
screen was blank. The house was quiet. He drew the curtains as darkness was
approaching. Sophia regained her
composure and noted this concern for her privacy.

“Thank you.” She whispered.

“Thank me?” Martin said incredulously. “You
were fantastic. Better than I could have dreamed”

“I think I need a shower.”

“I will let myself out.” He said moving towards
the door..

“No.” She said firmly. “You never had your
coffee. There is more in the pot. I won’t be long. We still need to get to
know each other.”

“Actually I got quite a good look.” Martin said
wistfully.

“I saw enough to want more“. Sophia concluded.
“Perhaps next time I will tie you up?”

She left him alone to shower. She did not linger this
time but allowed the water to freshen and revitalise her. By the time she
returned, suitably refreshed, yet still naked, Martin was sipping his coffee
relaxed in a chair fully dressed.

“I seem to have mislaid my clothes.” She said.

“Really? The wardrobe upstairs seemed quite full
when I saw it.”

“Never mind. I like being naked, besides, it’s
not as if you have never seen me like this.”

“Oh I don’t know.” Martin replied “There was
something on your body. Look, there’s even a few marks on you.”

Sophia glanced at her wrists. “Hmm. I must have struggled a bit. “

Martin nodded. “Just a bit.”

Sophia’s eyes rolled. “But it was worth it.”

“That was a first for you wasn’t it?”

She nodded slowly. “ I never dreamed it would be
like that.”

“Were you serious about seeing me again? I
haven’t frightened you off or anything.”

“Yes I’m serious. Would I dress myself like this
if I thought you were dangerous?”

“I suppose not.” He conceded. “I had better leave before I take further
advantage of your nakedness.”

“I’m not sure I could go again. You wore me out.
Perhaps I should find a dressing gown.”

“Don’t trouble yourself on my behalf.” He
assured her. “The view is just fine, But don't say anything if I start to
sit on my hands.”

She relented and found a nightshirt. It was nearly as
revealing as having nothing on, maybe more so but at least she had tried.

They talked for hours. She was already sure that he
was the one for her. He was obviously caring and considerate as well as the
other interest they had found in common. When he finally left she realised she
did not know his address or telephone. She was still only barely dressed so
could not run out after him. She closed the door and wondered whether she had
been a fool. As she settled down she knew she had not been. She was awoken
before her alarm by the phone.

“I forgot to leave my number.” He said jovially.
“Do you still want it?”

“I meant what I said.” She informed him. “I
hope I will see you again tonight.”

“You can count on it.”

“You left behind your washing line.” She said
casually.

“I thought you might need it.”

“I might have a use for it.” She agreed. She
could hardly wait.

Ends
