---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Since You Asked
authors:
- Igor Stravinsky
tags:
- F/f
- bond
- rope
- hogtie
- harness
- gag
- spank
- electro
- toys
- nc
- X
date: 2020-02-28 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 1

“Mmmmmmph! Nnnnh? Eeeeh?!”

“Yes, yes, of course! I’ll explain everything to you. Since you asked. Just so you know, I can’t understand a thing you’re saying through that gag. It’s one of my largest, you know. Strapped in there nice and tight like that, and held in by that hood, it really muffles and garbles everything but basic vowels. By the way, that hood fits you like a glove! Do I know how to pick them or what? With the laces cinched down, it’s like a second skin! The leather is so smooth. Very sexy on you, if you don’t mind me saying. I’m quite proud of myself for sizing you up so accurately.”

“Nnngh! Nnngh!”

“Yes, I know, you want to hear all the details. I am just tickled that you are so interested in what I do. Most of the time, when women I meet hear that I am a professional domme, they back away. But you were so keen to hear about it and experience it too! It’s very gratifying.”

“Mmmm! Ungh!”

“Yes, how rude of me. Where to begin. Well, you know I am a domme, or what some people call a ‘dominatrix’, although I prefer the shorter term. That means that right now you are what we call a ‘sub’, or submissive. My job as the domme is to bind, or tie up, the sub, preferably in some inescapable manner. If I make a mistake and the sub can get out by themselves, it ruins the mood.”

“This position is called a ‘hogtie’. I’m sure you’ve heard of it, but when a professional does it it’s different from what you see on TV or in the movies. I used rope on you, because that is what I prefer. It’s more artistic, I think. It requires some skill. And I do take pride in my skill, as you know. Sometimes I use chains or leather cuffs or handcuffs – we can do some of that later.”

“Ohhh! Nnnn!”

“I know, right? Anyway, you can see that this hogtie is more stringent and secure than the ones you’ve seen. I’ll go over the details in a moment, since you asked. Some of my subs really enjoy this position and can stay in it for almost a whole day!”

“Aaaayyyy!? Ohhhh! Leeee! Ehhhh eeeeeh ohhhh! Leeee!”

“You know, you are getting better with that gag! I could tell you said, ‘please let me go.’ Good for you! But we can’t stop now – I simply couldn’t live with myself. You were so insistent! When we were at the bar and I explained what I do, you were so turned on. You insisted, demanded in fact, to be shown the whole experience. In fact, and don’t take this too hard, but you were a little bit rude about it. I wasn’t sure about it – was a little uncomfortable with your request to be honest. But you said, ‘I want to know how it feels’ and ‘It’s so hot’ and ‘You have to show me all of it.’ I was ready to send you packing until you said ‘Please, Mistress.’ The way you lingered over the word ‘Mistress’ really did it for me. I thought ‘Well, she must know what she wants. Give her the works!’”

“Then, when I had your hands firmly tied behind your back, and I put a rope around your neck and hung it from the ceiling to keep you standing upright – standard procedure by the way – you said, ‘Tighter!’ and I had to convince you that the point was simply keep you standing up while I

tied the rest of you, and that I don’t do breath play. Well, when I put my hand between your legs, I could tell you were turned on. So, I am going to do you a favor and see this through, no matter what!”

“Mmmmmmm! Nnnngh?!”

“Right, where was I? Well, when I do a hogtie, first I tie the wrists together, then the elbows. You’re quite flexible – most subs require significant training before their elbows can touch like yours. I frequently tape the sub’s hands into balls with duct tape as well. That’s why I did it with you. The whole experience – since you asked. The next step, as you saw, is to cinch the feet together. This is the point where the bondage becomes final, as there is no way for the sub to get away after that happens. Next comes rope just below and just above the knees, like you have on now, to keep the legs fused into one elegant unit. It’s really lovely, and you wear it well.”

“I will tell you that after that, when I put the crotch rope on you and the butt plug and dildo in, you took it really well. The struggling, like you were pretending you didn’t like it and wanted to get out, was very convincing. Shows you are really into the role play – you’re a natural!”

“The chest harness is the most important and difficult part. It needs to be snug and can’t pinch in the wrong spot, or it can harm the sub. That’s why I took so much time with yours. It also frames the breasts, and yours are a good size, so it came out beautifully. I wish you could see it! Maybe later.”

“A good, secure chest harness means that when I put the rope around your feet and attach it to your shoulders, I can pull it tight and get you to arch your back, the way we did. Lifts your knees and tits off the ground and makes it so you can only rock a little bit, and not move at all. See, when I push on you, you come right back to the position.”

“Eeeeeehhhh! Aaaahhh!”

“Now, when you are tied like this, I can do just about anything I want, and you are completely helpless. That’s really what most subs crave that feeling of being out of control. They turn their control over to me. It allows them to let go. They struggle, scream, shake, and they don’t have to worry. I’m sure you understand that now. Go ahead, try to get out. Let’s see how good I am.”

“Ungh! Ungh! Ungh!”

“See? Perfect. So, a good hogtie like this is uncomfortable for the sub, which is the point. But when it’s well done, they can stay in it almost indefinitely! You know, you have pretty eyes. Especially when you open them wide like that. Such a beautiful hazel. Some people prefer blondes or redheads, but those hazel eyes and your brown hair are so pretty. Good thing there is a hole in the hood for your ponytail to come out. You’ll have to tell me sometime how you keep such long hair so silky and smooth.”

“So, getting back to the hogtie, since you asked. Like I said, I can do anything I want to you. For example, I can spank you. Here, I’ll show you.”

“Aaaaaahhhhh! Ohhhh! Leee! Ah!”

“’Please stop?’ You’re cute. So, spanking is one of those skills that I am really proud of. It’s not easy to get it right and takes a lot of practice. Get it just right, and you can give the sub as many swats as you want. Each one gives them a severe sting, and I don’t feel much at all. I’ll bet I could give you thirty and not feel a thing. Let’s give it a try; I’ll count them so you can keep me honest.”

“One.”

“Aaaaahhhh!”

“Two.”

“Ohhhh! Ohhh!”

“Three.”

“Leeeee! Leeee ahhhh!”

---

“Twenty-nine.”

“Ngh! Ngh!”

“Thirty. See? Hardly felt a thing. And it brings tears to the eyes of the sub, even one as enthusiastic about bondage as you. If I didn’t know better, I would think that it was more pain than you could handle. But I wanted to show you how it works. You know, since you asked.”

“Well, almost done!”

“Nnnn?! Leee! Ehhh eeee ah!”

“Hold on, hold on! Just a few finishing touches, and you’ll be getting the full experience. Whew! All this talking has me parched! I’m going to duck out for a moment and pour myself a drink. Don’t go anywhere! Sorry, couldn’t resist. That’s a little joke in the profession. Because if you can’t laugh, what do you have, really? Anyway, back in a jiff!”

“Right. Where were we? There already? Where does the time go? It feels like I just met you. By the way, I don’t often talk to strange women in bars, but you were hot! And now that I’ve got you naked, I can say that you have an unbelievable body. Well, I guess I have it right now. Sorry, just another little joke. Just a couple more things to finish up. These are nipple clamps. Charming young thing like you, I’m sure you’ve at least heard about them. I have a nice collection of them – remind me to show it to you. These clamps are called ‘tweezer’ clamps because they are, well, tweezers. Let me show you. We’ll roll you over a bit to expose a nipple. Now, now, don’t be such a baby. We pull out the nipple – you have perfect nipples for clamping, by the way. Nice and big, and they get stiff quickly. Are they sensitive? Let’s see.”

“Nnnnnh!”

“Wow! And I didn’t even pinch them that hard! Okay, so we take the tweezer and place it over the nipple. There is a little slide on the clamp, and as I slide it up it gets tighter and tighter. These clamps can go from just a light pinch to a truly punishing grip. I’m going to slide this one

almost all the way up to give you the full effect. Since you asked.”

“AAAAHHHHH!”

“Exactly! And what makes it worse is now you know how the other one will feel going on. The anticipation can be maddening, I tell you. Let’s roll you the other way. Ready? Silly me, of course you are. Here we go!”

“UNGH! UNGH! UNGH! AIKH ENGH OGH!”

“Take them off? I just put them on! You can’t get the feeling if they’re only on for thirty seconds! We’ll just have to do something to take your mind off them. This is the ‘piece de resistance’ of the hogtie. I take a piece of cord and tie it around your toes like this. Then I pull it up and feed it through the ring on top of your hood like this. When I tug on it your toes and your head are pulled toward each other, and when I tie it off like this, your feet are arched, and your head is up high. Yes, that’s it. My god, you are incredibly beautiful. I’m sure you hear that a lot. I haven’t had the pleasure to work on a sub of your quality for a long time. It’s an honor, really.”

“So now we have to give you some incentive to struggle against the rope, to get a true feeling of helplessness. I can tickle your feet like this.”

“AH! AH! AH! AH! OHHHHH! LEEEEE! AH! AH!”

“You are a wiggly one! Let’s take care of that. Here we go. Rope over your back, hmm hmm, under the table, hmm hmm, tighten it up with a knot. There we go. Now you can flail around as much as you want, and you won’t fall off the table. A lot of what I do is about safety, really. Have you ever heard of ‘subspace’? Well, since you asked, most subs get into a ‘zone’ where they aren’t paying much attention to what’s around them as they struggle and squirm. That’s my job – to take care of them. Just like I’m doing with you!”

“Boy, that tickling got you moving! I think this next part will really surprise you! The very last thing. Remember those plugs I put into you earlier? In your ass and pussy? I can connect them to a wire that goes into this box here – well, you can’t see it; you’ll have to take my word for it. The butt plug has a metal part that can run current through it when I turn a little knob. Let me show you.”

“AAAAAAAHHHHHH!”

“Yes! And that was just a ‘4’ out of ‘10’. Pretty intense, isn’t it? You should have seen yourself – you flopped around like a fish on a hook. I’m sorry, that was cruel of me. Now here’s what happens when I turn the other knob.”

“Oooooohhhh!”

“Right. That turns on the vibrator in your pussy. Right now, I have it on a low setting, so there shouldn’t be any danger of you having an orgasm. If I figured it correctly, this setting should tease you and bring you close to orgasm without letting you come. With most of my subs, an hour or two of this treatment will make them beg and promise me anything if I let them have an orgasm. Looks like you’re getting there already! You horny little rascal! So now we turn on the butt plug, so it gives you a good shock at random intervals. What did we try before, a ‘4’? How

about going up to a ‘6’, how does that sound?”

“Ohhhh! Leeee! Ohhhh!”

“No, I really don’t think we should go any higher for your first time. I appreciate your enthusiasm, though. Nothing hurts my feelings more than someone just going through the motions. Alright, ‘6’ it is. Here we go and ...click! That does it! Not sure when the first shock will hap-“

“NNNNNGH!”

“Okay, then, there it is. Well, that’s it. The whole experience. Since you asked. Now my part is done for a while. What we do now is leave you for a little bit to get the feel of the bondage, experience the helplessness, chew on the sexual frustration and pain. I have a feeling you’re going to do great. Let’s start with, oh, an hour. Nice round number. Plus, I have laundry to do.”

“Leeeee! Ohhhh! EHHHHH EEEEEH AHHHHHH!”

“That’s it! Get into the role! You’re so pretty when you struggle. It’s so much fun to pretend you are being held against your will. It’s a huge fantasy for a lot of subs. You know what else is nice? None of your friends ever asked my name. They have no idea what you are doing, so there is no need for me to call anyone and explain what’s happening. I could keep you here as long as I want, and nobody will have any idea where to look for you. What a relief. We can play together for days – weeks even – and not worry about anyone bothering us. Alright, I’ll just snap this blindfold on your hood, and we should be all done! I’ll be back in an hour to see how you are doing – if you want to go another hour after that we’ll see. Based on your enthusiasm I think I’ll allow you to do that.”

“Then when we’re done with the hogtie, we’ll try some other things. I’ll show my collection of whips. We can try some different gags. I’ll teach you how to properly eat pussy. You’ll learn what a ‘strappado’ is, and a ‘spread-eagle,’ although I’m sure you’ve probably heard of that one. Oh, oh! I almost forgot! The best one! I’ll show you what ‘predicament bondage’ is. You’ll love it! Really! Well, I’m off for a bit. Have fun! No, no! Don’t thank me. I’m happy to oblige. Since you asked...”

Continues in [chapter two](since_you_asked2.html)
