---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Initiation 5
authors:
- Jezziebelle
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- D-s
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**The Initiation 4**](initiation4.html))

**AMY**

The rolling door clatters shut, and I’m left in the twilight of the garage,
naked, bound, screaming into my gag as I writhe on the floor into what will
probably be the first orgasm of many.

We’d spent a couple of nice, normal days, holidaying like any vanilla
couple, enjoying each other’s company. Then, at seven this morning, as I
slowly woke from a long, refreshing sleep, Rob grabbed my hair, pulled my head
back – not painfully, but so that I couldn’t struggle – and plastered a
wide strip of duct tape over my mouth.

‘Behave yourself,’ he whispers into my ear, ‘and it’ll be easier for
both of us.’

As he pulls me to my feet and frog-marches me out of the bedroom, stark naked
while he’s fully dressed, I guess from his words that he’s decided to spice
up our already pretty hot sex life with a little role play. And it’s working.
Although I’m already starting to get wet between my legs, most of me is taken
up with struggling in his iron grip, fighting my abductor, getting more than a
little scared even though I trust him implicitly.

As we arrive downstairs, I twist from his grasp and take two running steps
away, but he’s faster than me and catches me with ease. He hoists me over his
shoulder in a swift movement and carries purposefully onwards, ignoring my fists
as they beat – not too hard, but enough to carry my point – against his
back, subduing my kicking legs with his free arm.

Eventually he deposits me on the floor of a room I haven’t been in before
in this holiday home: the garage. The cold concrete floor that greets my bare
skin is thickly painted white, as are the breezeblock walls. He locks the door
we came through with a key which he pockets. The only other exit is the wide
rolling door, that rolls up and down to let cars in and out. As our hire car is
outside, the garage is empty.

I twist round on the floor from the prone position where I landed, till I am
sitting on the floor, backing away from him as he approaches me, fat roll of
duct tape in hand and a wicked smile on his lips.

He’s come so far in his journey to learn to dominate me, he’s now capable
of driving me beyond what I thought were my limits. I am genuinely and
deliciously scared, submersing myself in the game, believing I am his kidnap
victim – loving him more than ever.

I try to scramble away as he kneels down over me, but strong arms pull me
back and turn me onto my front, my tousled hair falling around my head. My
breasts and face press into the cold floor as he pulls my arms behind me and
unwinds layer after layer of duct tape around my crossed wrists. The sticky
screech of the tape as it comes off the roll is ominous. Soon, I am bound
securely.

Sitting me up, he runs the tape round my chest, pinning my upper arms to my
body. It sticks directly to my skin, a sensation I haven’t experienced before,
and the tug of the adhesive against my bare flesh is intense. The loops of tape
have run above and below my breasts, squeezing them at their bases so they swell
outwards, nipples hard in the cool air.

Breathing hard, I’m pushed down onto the floor again, pulling in vain at
the tape that holds me. He kneels between my legs, spreading them wide. As I am
still face down, I can’t see what he’s doing, but very soon I can feel
something sliding into my now embarrassingly dripping pussy, in and out till it
is coated with my liquid. Then, it is pressed slowly but without relief against
my ass hole. As my muscles open involuntarily and let the invader in, I shout
into the tape that gags me: it’s long and fat and stretches me wide.

A twin is soon inserted into my vagina, this time even longer and fatter,
filling me completely. He holds it in place with his left hand as with his right
he reaches again for the tape. It won’t stick to the slippery skin between my
legs, but it does stick firmly to my stomach and back, and soon the objects are
sealed deep within me. I try immediately to squeeze them out, but there’s no
hope.

Barely minutes have passed since I was curled up asleep in bed but I’m
running out of fight by the time he places my legs together and tapes them at
ankle and knee, roughly but securely. All that can be seen of the invaders
inside me is the tape that keeps them in place, and the wires that run out from
between my bounds legs. Turning onto my side – a difficult procedure, bound as
I am – I follow the wires with my eyes and see them wind across the floor, up
the wall and into a timer plug that’s plugged into a socket at waist height
– higher than I could ever reach from the floor.

There’s a loud rattling noise, and I turn my head to see Rob silhouetted
against the morning sunshine in the doorway. He holds my gaze as the timer plug
switches on and the vibrators inside me burst into life, filling me with intense
sensation. I writhe on the floor, helplessly bound and gagged with tape, as he
steps outside and the door rattles closed behind him.

I don’t know how long the vibrators run for. There’s no clock in this
bare garage, where he’s left me locked away. By the time the timer plug clicks
to off, perhaps thirty, forty minutes later, sweat is running off me and I’m
exhausted by struggling against my bonds, genuinely trying to free myself and
get away from the onslaught of the vibrators in my vagina and ass. When I play
with my own vibrator, I never use it for this long, nor rammed deep within me,
buzzing on its highest setting. After my first orgasm, when I’d normally turn
it off, they keep buzzing away, oblivious to my needs. I roll from side to side,
trying to find relief, trying to dislodge them. I can’t lie on my back, or my
arms are crushed against the hard floor, nor on my front for very long, or my
breasts complain. So I lie on my side, curling and uncurling my body as yet
another climax wracks me and a long, low moan rises into the tape gag.

I have five, maybe ten minutes of peace before the timer plug clicks again.
This time, only one starts up – the one in my ass. I fight this one hard,
unused to such sensations, but soon it feels like the vibrations are melting my
muscles and a warm pool of helpless arousal spreads out through my body. I
silently shudder into a long, anal orgasm like nothing I’ve ever experienced.

After that, I have a long period of calm, so long that my heightened state of
arousal is taken over by the role play and I start to think about how I have
been abducted, taped hand and foot, and locked in a garage. Even though I know
my abductor is Rob, I don’t know what his plans for me are – for all I know
I could be here for the rest of the day. As soon as I think that, I begin to
feel like a real captive. I realise my body is sore from lying on the cold
floor, and the tape that binds me is rubbing in places where I’ve struggled in
vain to free myself. I want to be released now, but I could be here all day…
Rob has left me here for as long as he wants, and I have no say at all in my
fate.

My heartrate rises a notch and my breathing becomes faster. Up until now,
I’ve been somehow involved in all our games, able to signal if I have had
enough, able to take comfort from Rob’s presence.  Now, I have no safety
net. Not that I think for a minute he would put me in any danger. Physical
danger, at least…

I close my eyes and lie slack in my bonds, feeling as if I’m being washed
downstream by an inexorable tide. As the vibrator inside my vagina springs to
life again and tips me into a constant semi-orgasmic haze, I let go completely
and surrender mind, body and spirit to my darling captor.
 
**ROB**

Amy, oh my dear, sweet Amy! Oh how you drive me to distraction, I think. As I
drive back from the big Wal Mart everything I look at seems to shout bondage.
From the tape I picked up the day before yesterday to the roll of industrial
cling film I have just bought from the large hardware shop.

I drive at the stupid speed limits they have over here being careful not to
get caught as it might be hard to explain to the custody sergeant why I have to
rush back home.

I adjust my erection to the side of my shorts and turn on to the road back
down to the beach.

Wandering back in to the house I slam the door, wondering how you are.

I turn on the monitor in the den that is wired up to the miniature camera I
left in the garage, and watch your little hip motions as if the vibrator is on.

No sound, so I watch as your head slowly rolls back and forth and a shudder
runs down your length. I should have hogtied your legs, I realise, but you look
sore from the floor as it is.

Going back in the kitchen I put a pot of coffee on and think about what I
have slowly become. To my mind a bastard! I treat you as a object, a sexual
thing which is consuming my mind. But it makes you happy and I have to admit to
being more turned on than any time in my sexual life. Oh Amy.

You must be hungry and thirsty by now so I just need to put the shopping away
and then I can go play with you for a while.

I walk down to the garage, quietly unlock the door and, slipping my trainers
off, walk in. Not that I needed to. You are in a world of your own, eyes shut
tight, hips pumping and sweat running over your face. Your whole body is glowing
from the exertion of the orgasm.

I realise here’s the point to stop you. Just on the point of arrival. I
unplug the vibrators and see you slowly stop your dance.

You don’t even open your eyes.

And I wonder just how close you have come to orgasm this morning. I grin to
myself and wonder if you are now getting all you need. If you have finally been
satisfied to your dreams or do I have to take us further down this road? I have
read books and stories and even talked to Catherine, our helpful shop assistant
about how to do this.

I bend down and put the vibrator from your vagina into my shorts pockets and
that’s a struggle with the hard on I have in my shorts already. Pushing the
wires in as well, I move over to you and as I slide my arm under your shoulders
and lift, your eyes snap open. You see me but don’t. You have gone again. Some
place else.

I ease you to your feet and pick you up in a fireman’s lift and carry you
back into the house.

The sun is streaming into the living room as it’s just midday and I wonder
if 5 hours of orgasms is enough for you? Even you must have limits, I think. As
I sit you in the corner against a post and tie you to it with a rope looped
round your neck, I realise I have to finish this for us both. Your orgasm cannot
be denied and it would be a shame to waste this hard on I have walked round with
all morning.

Fear is in your eyes as I walk to you with a sharp knife. 
Is it fear or disappointment at the thought of being free?

I slice through the tape on your thighs and ankles and pull it from your
skin. That wakes you up a little and I see you coming back as the tape takes a
lot of the small hairs on your legs with it.

Unlooping the rope I help you stand.

You are like a new born lamb, staggering round until you find your feet
again. I ease the anal vibe out of you and watch your bottom hole slowly start
to close.

I must have that hole and now’s the time. So I grab you in my haste and
rush you to the bar. I push you over the top and rush to my bag to get some rope
and stuff.

Amy just lies on its cold top, bent at the waist and panting through her
nose.

I grab her left ankle and tie rope to it, pulling it left; her right follows
and that leaves her spread open, though not too wide.

I buckle the collar on her neck and looking in her eyes see that she is going
back into Amy’s world again. A length of string goes on the collar’s front
ring and I pull it tight so she stretched over the bar top. I tie it a large,
full beer keg on the other side of the bar.

I replace the vibrator and run the plug from the vibe in her pussy to the
socket and just plug it in without the timer so that it runs continually.
Getting the KY I place both my hands on her bottom cheeks and part them, pleased
to see her anus is still distended. I place the nozzle in her inviting hole and
squeeze.

A scream and Amy tries to close the cold jelly out.

Too late though, as I drop my shorts and none to gently in my haste shove
deep inside, only stopping when my balls hit the vibe wire.

Oh god, this is so tight and good… I reach under her and squeeze her
nipples whilst I pump into her.

Amy is humping me back the best she can and with a huge shudder and a buck
comes so hard she nearly cuts my dick in half with the contraction.

I come fully buried in her and sink to my knees; the sound effects are quite
rude as my dick slides out.

I should untie her but my legs are weak.

“God!” I say as I sit looking at her and see she is still coming.

**AMY**

For a long time, neither of us move. Me, because I am still tied tautly over
the bar; Rob, for some reason known only to himself. I cannot see his face from
my position: he has sat rapidly down on the floor behind me.

Little ripples of my last orgasm still tease my body; and the memory of Rob
leaving me taped up in the garage for so many hours, and then passionately
taking my anal virginity whilst I was bound helpless, teases my mind.
Thankfully, the vibrator has slipped out and fallen to the floor where it
knocked itself out.

Various aches and pains are making themselves felt: the sore patches on my
legs where he ripped off the tape; my arms, still bound behind me; my breasts,
pressed beneath me; and not least my bottom, which is protesting its ill
treatment. Soon, the discomfort will win, but for now, the bonds still feel
right.

I hear Rob standing up behind me, and feel his hand gently push the hair from
my face so he can see me properly. His expression is verging towards one of
concern. I try to smile at him, to let him know everything is ok, but with the
tape still plastered over my mouth I’m not sure the message gets through.

I’m not quite ready to end this game yet. I can still see a deliciously
wicked abductor in my fiancé. Also, I’m aware that he’s only had one orgasm
to my many, though I don’t think he yet has it in him to keep me bound and
take his pleasure from me. But I’m having difficulty surfacing. He’s treated
me to such as intense experience it’s driven me deeper than I’ve ever gone
before.

My heartrate has slowed by the time he starts to release me, first my ankles,
then my collar, and he helps me to stand. Over my tape gag, our eyes meet and he
searches mine for my reaction. After a minute, I lower my eyes.

He scoops me up in his arms and carries me upstairs, holding me tight. The
bathtub fills quickly with steaming hot water and a generous slug of a scented
oil, to help peel the tape off. He helps me in, and I lie down so that the tape
holding my arms and running round my chest is submerged.

The warm, watery cocoon is blissful. He kneels beside the bath and plunges a
sponge under water, raising it to my face to start soaking off the gag. He could
just pull it easily off, but it’s as if he’s had enough of making me suffer
for one day, and his gentle ministrations are starting to drag me back towards
real life.

When the last drop of adhesive gives, he throws the sodden tape away, and
pulls me towards the edge of the bath, bending down to kiss me, long and deep,
before I can even draw a breath with my mouth. I close my eyes and float in the
water, arms still tied behind me, head filled with Rob. It’s a nice
transition.

When he finally comes up for air, I smile shyly at him.

‘A kiss to wake sleeping beauty,’ I whisper, and I see that he
understands my reference. He seems a little more comfortable now that I’m on
my way home.

I sit up in the bath so he can unwind the soaked-off tape from my arms and
chest, then lie back again, unsure what to do with my hands.

He leaves me for half an hour, to let my muscles relax and allow the water to
wash away the last of the sticky patches.

When he returns, the water is growing cool so I climb out and let him wrap me
in a huge bath towel, snuggling into his arms as he rubs me dry. I like the
feeling of closeness. He hasn’t showered yet, and the scent of sex is still on
his skin.

In the bedroom, I start to dress, but only get as far as my knickers before I
go and sit beside him on the bed.

‘Rob,’ I say quietly, and it shakes him out of his daydream. ‘Are you
OK?’

He grins, a little weakly. ‘I should be asking that of you,’ he replies.

I can’t help but smile dreamily back at him. ‘Oh, I am more than OK,’ I
say sincerely, reaching for his hand.

‘Even though I…?’ he tails off. I guess he is referring to the anal
sex, and I nod, vehemently.

‘That was the best possible way to break my duck,’ I reply earnestly, but
he doesn’t look like he truly believes me. The good guy in him can’t quite
figure out that what to him seems like abuse is to me a joy.

I look down at the floor, not sure how he’ll take my next suggestion.
‘Rob, I’m still feeling, well, not entirely back to normal – you know, the
Amy who takes control of everything.’ He laughs at my mention of my everyday
character. ‘I wonder if you wouldn’t mind carrying on for a bit…’

‘What do you mean?’ he asks.

‘Well there’s a set of cuffs in that drawer…’ I say timidly, but
before I’ve even finished he’s shaking his head.

‘Amy…’ he groans, but I shush him.

‘No, nothing intense, not like this morning,’ I reassure him. ‘I want
to spend a nice, relaxing afternoon and evening with you, talking, eating,
watching old movies – you know, like normal.’ He nods like that’s what
he’s been looking forward to, too.

‘I just think I’d really like it if you didn’t free me completely… I
feel so close to you know, I want to stay your very willing captive for
longer… You’ve given me everything I want today, and I want to drag that
feeling out for as long as I can.’

He looks up at me, and I can see I’m having some effect on him.

‘If you really don’t want to, then that’s fine. But honestly, it will
be just like normal, just with me a little more chained up than usual… If you
don’t, then I’ll be really mad,’ I say, ending with a joke and a grin,
showing him that I am still the real me, prepared to do battle with him to get
my own way.

Finally, he laughs and shrugs his shoulders in defeat. ‘Alright,’ he
says, ‘bring them here.’

I pad quickly across to the drawer that houses our play equipment and
withdraw two sets of leather cuffs, one for my wrists and one for my ankles.
There’s a long, thin chain between each set to give me enough movement for the
afternoon and evening.

I stand before him and hold out my wrists, shivering slightly. ‘Cuff my
wrists in front of me,’ I say, knowing that will make the rest of the day a
little more relaxed, giving me chance to do normal things like eat and drink.
‘But padlock them on so I can’t get free.’

He sighs, but in an indulgent way. ‘You are incorrigible,’ he teases as
he locks the cuffs round my wrists, and then kneels to secure my ankles as well.

He stands, and I fling my cuffed arms over his head and pull him to me for a
kiss. ‘I’ll show you the two worlds can mix,’ I say, delighted he’s
agreed to keep me cuffed for the rest of the day.

‘This means you’ll have to be naked apart from those little knickers,’
he replies, giving me a triumphant smile.

‘Guess so,’ I say, and we wander downstairs.

[Continued
in Part 6](initiation6.html)

01.06.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!

story continues in [**The Initiation 6**](initiation6.html)

o0o
