---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storieslr/nightortwointhespa.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: A Night or Two in the Spa
authors:
- Roger Williams
tags:
- Sbm
- F/f
- chast
- spandex
- bond
- cons
- X
date: 2007-08-23 00:00:00
---

I was a bit tired of self-bondage and looked for ways
to get others to secure me without necessarily knowing
what they were involved in.  I got the idea from an ad
in the paper for one of the "massage parlors" and
decided to try an idea.  I had ascertained the cost - not cheap but if it worked, it would be worth the
money - and prepared by putting on my cb-3000
chastity cage followed by a spandex unitard which was
one size too big.  I put on a collar and locked it in
the back with a small padlock which also attached to
the unitard's zipper.

I then wrote a note explaining that my slave had been
good for the first month of his service and was in
line for a reward.  I enclosed the key for the collar,
and directed them to lock the key onto the lock when
they finished.  I left the other key and the key to my
chastity cage at home.  I sealed the envelope, went
over to the massage place, and put the car keys into
the gas tank space.

There is a tag on the ring on the front of the collar
proclaiming ownership, adding evidence of the slave /
mistress relationship.

They laughed when they read the note but they did
unlock the lock and unzipped me.  You can imagine how
much more they laughed - - music to my ears! - - when
the unitard dropped to the floor and they saw my
chastity cage.

The massage went well and felt nice; of course I could not get hard, much as they teased me.  At the end of
the hour, they zipped me up again and relocked the
padlock with the hole of the key in the lock.  I went
home and unlocked it all, and had a nice session of
masturbation.

When I was out of town on vacation, I noticed a
similar establishment and decided to take things a
step further.  I called during the day and asked the
price, and at night when there would be a new shift, I
showed up.  Rather than have them unlock my zipper,
this time I was wearing a pair of handcuffs, and in
the note was the key and directing them to put them
back on me after the session, but behind my back.  And
then to hang the key onto the ring in the front of my
collar.  (The collar was locked but not to the zipper. No sense having them need to do too much unlocking
and locking.)

Again, they laughed as they read the note, and then
one of the girls grabbed the chain between the cuffs
and led me into a back room.  The cuffs were removed
and she unzipped me, and like before, they laughed
when they saw the chastity cage.  The group pulled on
it to ascertain that it was, indeed, secure.  Then the
others left for her to do her thing.  She did the
massage, and after zipping me up, ordered me to put my
hands behind my back.  I protested but to no avail,
and with the help of the others, they locked me and
sent me out the door.  I had parked in such a way that
the gas compartment was not visible to them; I got the
handcuff key and the car key and released myself
before getting into the car on the passenger side.  I
drove off with my left foot on the gas, as if there
was another person driving the car.

Again, there was no relief for me with the chastity
cage on, but I sure did try to get hard when the cuffs
went on in back of me.  And I decided to try another
farther-out scenario.  I considered legirons but that
was a bit much.  I wondered about finding someone to
actually bring me in, with me wearing a complete set
of manacles, and she would release me and then leave
the chains with them to put on when they finished.
But I finally settled on a gag, along with the
handcuffs.

The opportunity came while driving for a business
trip; I always kept my "things" in the car, just in
case.  This was out in the country and  I had spotted
a place which gave me the impression they might be a
bit farther out in their mindset, and decided to push
the button a bit to see if this was true.  I checked
into a nearby motel for the weekend, since I was going
to a conference not far away, and this was a part of
the country I had never visited.

Before I put on the chastity cage, I added a ring
through the holes in the front of it.  Then the rest
of the outfit - - unitard, locked collar, and gag.  (I
thought of a ball gag but settled on a "bit" gag since
it was more comfortable.  Of course I really could
talk with it in, but pretended that I could only make
sounds.  The gag went on just before I got out of the
car.)  I left the small padlock dangling in the tab
and mentioned in the note that "I have left the gag
unlocked for safety reasons.  He is not allowed to
talk to anyone but me; if he tries to remove it, stop
him and warn him once.  And if he tries a second time,
feel free to lock it.  The key is on the ring with the
handcuff and collar keys."

I must have been a sight to them when I walked in the
door and handed them the note.  They apparently had no
customers at the time and so once the next girl in
line was chosen, the two others said they would help
out, free of charge.  The selected one grabbed the
chain of the handcuffs and took me downstairs into
what turned out to be their "secure" room for massage.

The cuffs came off, the collar was unlocked, the
unitard dropped to the floor, and they all stared and
then laughed at my chastity cage.  They put me on the
massage table and started in to work on my back and
legs.  Then they turned me over and did my front,
pausing at my crotch to check out how the chastity was
secured and tugged on the ring.  I had done some
muffled sounds and as I stood up, I reached to the
back of my neck to undo the gag, knowing that they
would stop me and warn me.  Which they did.

As I stood in front of them, one remarked about the
ring, asking me if my mistress used it as a place for
a leash.  I nodded my head NO, with the idea that they
were more likely to use it this way than if I said
yes.  One of them went into the next room and brought
back a leash.  I garbled a protest and then reached
for the gag to remove it.  Two of them grabbed my arms
while the third reminded me of the warning, and locked
the gag.  Then they decided that the leash on the ring
was a better idea if my wrists were locked behind my
back so I could give no resistance.  The handcuffs
went on and so did the leash, and they led me around
the room.  I got as hard as I could within the cage,
and though I could not come to an orgasm, I did drip -
- and they loved that.

Just then the door to upstairs opened and the
receptionist told them that the next customers had
arrived and that they had two minutes to finish with me. 
They had me step into the unitard and pulled it
up to my shoulders without putting my arms into the
sleeves.  I then realized that I was in potential
trouble but it was too late to stop them; the zipper
went up and the lock was secured.  And after hanging
the keys onto the front ring of the collar, I was sent
out the back door.

I realized I was in trouble because my hands were
INSIDE the unitard.  I knew I had to find something
sharp to tear the fabric with and then I could get my
fingers out and retrieve the keys.  I saw a man
walking quickly up the front path and tried to call
out to him; I didn't think that I needed to speak
because it would be clear what my problem was.  He
said that he was late and couldn't stop, but would be
back in an hour.

I thought that maybe the edge of a key was enough so I
went over to the car and backed up to the gas
compartment - - and the keys were gone!

"Don't turn around," said a stern female voice.  I
heard her come closer and then something like a
pillowcase went over my head.  "You seem to be in
quite a fix.  But I can help you solve the problem if
you take me up on my offer.  Now let's go over here
where we can be alone in the trees."

I felt the back of my head covering being lifted and
sensed that a leash was being snapped onto the ring on
the back of the collar.  And then it was attached to
something, probably a tree.

"Now that you are not going anywhere, here is my
offer.  My slave is down with the flu and I have a
party tonight that needs to be attended to.  So your
choice is to go with me as my slave for the weekend,
or just stay here as you are.  Of course to influence
your choice a little more, I will take the keyring
from your collar with me, along with the one you hid
in your car.  How did I know?  I was out here taking a
smoke and saw you hide the key and put on the
handcuffs.  It was obvious that you had no mistress
who did this to you.  Is that right?"

I nodded my head in agreement.  There wasn't much
choice, was there.  She removed my gag so I could
accept her offer, and then she left it out.  She said
she would be right back, and when she did, I felt a
set of legirons being put on my ankles.

"Riding in the car will not be comfortable with your
wrists behind your back so I will unlock them and move
them to the front.  You know better to try anything."

She unzipped the unitard and let it drop to my feet.
She unlocked the handcuffs and relocked them in front. But now there was a twist; telling me that since
there was an extra padlock, now that the gag was off,
she had a perfect use for it.  She locked the
handcuffs to the ring on the front of my chastity
cage!  And then she lifted up and zipped the unitard.

"Where is the key for the chastity cage?"

I told her it was at the motel.  She replied that this
was good, since I wasn't going to need my penis the
entire weekend except to pee.

"Your eyes will remained covered until we get to where
we are going."

With that, she led me to her car, put me in the seat,
and fastened the seatbelt around my pinoined arms.

And off we went.
