---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiessz/weekend_rubber_experience3.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Weekend Rubber Experience 4
authors:
- Jester
tags:
- MF
- latex
- encased
- cons
- X
date: 2003-10-06 00:00:00
---

**Weekend Rubber
Experience - Part 4**
by Jester
Soul Mates by Aaron Roberts
Weekend Rubber Experience is @1999-2003 by Jester. 
Any Unauthorized uses of this story in any shape will be dealt like this:
Torture in a rubber suit, sealed in another vacuum suit, smothered in deep
thick mud, and encased for an entire weekend.

**Weekend Rubber Experience**

**Saturday Afternoon**

Jack, Melissa, and Cris quickly dressed after their shower.  Cris
slipped on a smooth black longsleeve PVC sheath playsuit, and pulled her
jeans on over its bottom half.  She placed her twill sweater over
the top.  It hid her PVC well.  Melissa had her hair in a ponytail,
and she wore a clear rubber catsuit, and placed some exercise tights over
her legs.  She pulled on a gray sweatshirt and some rubber deck shoes. 
She looked like someone who was going out for a jog.  Jack had on
his original sweater and jeans.

They left the apartment, and wound up a few blocks away, near the docks. 
Jack had never been near the warehouses that spotted the industrial area. 
He was shocked to see that the area was so in disarray.

“Where is this place you are looking for?” Jack was searching all over
the cityscape for some sign of retail business, but all he saw was what
looked like industrial business signs dotting the buildings sides. 
Cris leaned over to Melissa, and whispered into her ear.  Melissa
grinned like a Cheshire cat, and buried her hands into her sweatshirt’s
pouch.

“Jack, remember that I told you I owned my own business, right?” Melissa
asked.  “Well, what I didn’t tell you is that it is also a front,
a hidden store for the fetish community.  Here in New York, there
are many different fetishes that you can get into.  Sure, there are
your clubbing fetish places, but they are mostly public displays of what
most would consider a private fetish.  What my company does, it gives
a sense to the real fetishists out there a place to go without trying to
be hip and trendy, a place that everyone can feel comfortable with.” 
They turned a corner, and there it was.

McGivan’s Artisan Supply Company, Since 1972.  All neatly done
in script, and professionally done.  It was hanging from a large metallic
warehouse, which looked like it once was a factory of some sort. 
“My Uncle Sean started the company, and he was a pioneer in the world of
fetish.  Oh, McGivan’s is also are a top importer of real artistic
supplies; canvasses, sculpting material, drawing tables, etc.  But
what he also did was make the fetish gear that he also received from the
big companies over seas was make it accessible to the community without
the store looking trashy or raunchy.”  They entered a set of polished
metal doors, and walked in the main showroom.  Employees turned and
waved to Melissa, as they walked near what seemed to be the rear of the
store.

“Hi Melissa.  I thought you weren’t coming in today?” A large red
headed man spoke from behind the trio.  “ Hi Matt, just coming in
to check a few things, and I wanted to show someone some of our new products
that came in.”  Matt was the store’s manager, and he was built solidly. 
Short hair, no facial hair, with two earrings, and wearing a clear apron
around his waist.  He was also wearing a deep blue polo shirt, and
light khakis.  He looked like a typical store employee.

Matt nodded to Melissa, adding “There was some new things dropped off
early this morning for you.  The tag said that they were some molds
and rubber adhesives.  Also, we got the new display ready for your
approval in back.  We didn’t try it out, knowing how much you enjoy
that.”  A huge smile came to Melissa’s face.  “The new display
that we weren’t supposed to have gotten up until next week?  Did it
come early?”  Matt replied, “It came in late last night after you
left, and we knew that you would want to see it as soon as possible.”

“Is it the one where you slide in?” Cris whispered to Melissa. “Yes,
and I’m glad it’s here, so I can show you both.  I was thinking about
it last night with Jack, but didn’t think that it would be here. 
Jack looked puzzled, as the two women led him to another polished door. 
In script above the door, it read, “The Finer Things”, and there was a
keypad and credit card slot to the right of the door.  Melissa punched
in a code, and the door slide open.  They walked into a long corridor,
filled with large paintings.

As they were walking down the corridor, Jack noticed that the paintings
had a reoccurring theme of sex.  The ones near the front were in good
taste, but as they continued down, the paintings turned more sadistic,
more carnal, and more exotic.  It was like walking from one world
to the next.  There was a rubber-covered door at the end of the corridor,
lit up with black light. Jack’s sweater glowed brightly from the luminescence,
as Melissa pulled off her sweatshirt.  The gleam from her clear catsuit
was electric, and Jack saw Cris starting to take off her leather coat  
“Quite a setup you have here…I’m really impressed.”  Melissa turned
back to him, and said, “Jack, if you were impressed with the front of the
store, wait until you see this.”

She pressed into the door, and walked into a naturally lighted large
metallic cavern.  The crossbeams were at least 40 feet above them,
and there were about 30 or 40 people that he could see walking around different
areas.  There was a check out desk, and behind the counter there was
a large watercolor print of a middle-aged man, wearing a rubber suit, holding
an apple like a rubber Adam.  There was a small plaque underneath,
which read, “Our Founder, Sean Angus McGivans, 1941-1995.” Manning the
counter was a longhaired blond beauty behind the counter.  She was
wearing a deep blue catsuit, the same color as Matt’s polo shirt, with
the scripted McGivan’s logo embossed above one breast.  Above the
other was a similar embossed nametag that said her name was Cheri. 
She had on an open faced hood, and her hands were exposed.   
She was busy checking out a couple’ purchases of some rubber suits and
toys.

Cheri smiled towards them both, and continued her job.  Melissa
walked behind the counter, where there was a small office.  She walked
in and Cris followed. “You can shed you trenchcoat in here, Jack. 
Make your self comfortable, we will be here for a good part of the afternoon.” 
Cris pulled off her sweater, and flung it to Jack.  She also pulled
off her pants, and draped them over a chair.  Jack was still in shock
over the hugeness of the place, and he took off his trench.  He looked
over to some people; some were wearing rubber and latex, while others were
not.

“I’m going to go look at some new gasmasks, so don’t wonder where I
am!”  Cris said as she was leaving the office room.

“Would you like the 2 cent tour?” Melissa asked as she slid the exercise
pants off, revealing her clear rubber body.  All that was exposed
was her hands and head.  She left the rubber deck shoes on. 
“Sure!”  Jack followed Melissa out to the floor.

Melissa led them past some of the display areas.  She walked down
an aisle, gesturing to a couple looking at someone trying out a body harness. 
“People like McGivan’s because they can try out some things here, instead
of buying them and finding out later that they can’t take them back. 
Sanitary reasons, most stores would say, and for the most part, they are
right.  What we do, at our expense, is give the customer the chance
to try out anything that they want.  However, in order to justify
such an open policy, we have made this into an exclusive club, and you
can only come here with someone who has membership here.  Jack, before
now, you would have never found this place on your own, since it sounds
like you are pretty much singular in your pursuit of rubber.  It is
McGivan’s policy that you must be in a relationship with someone in order
to purchase our items.  My uncle was a life long bachelor, and he
never found what he was looking for.”

“Which was?”

“Someone that he could share his devotion with.  Sure he had been
active in the community, but he longed to have someone who truly understood
him and his passion for rubber and artistic sexual things.  He never
found the right person, male or female, to share that with.  When
I was young, he never showed me any of this.”  She gestured again
to the entire store.  “I knew that he was into art, but not like this. 
He was also very well off, but I could never figure out how.  When
he died five years ago, I was the only person in the will.  And the
executor of the estate told me that once I crossed over into this world,
I would never want to leave.” She slid her hand over some soft rubber hoods
as they passed by.

“And he was right.  I am so into this, I could never imagine going
back to being plain Melissa McGivans.  Uncle Sean opened a door that
he knew I could never open again.  It is because of this store, this
way of life that I am the strong person you see before you.  Before
this store, I had no idea what I wanted in life; I probably would have
become some meek office clerk or something of that nature.  I would
have never worn rubber in daylight, for the entire world to see.  
All I ever wear now is rubber, and when I have to wear anything else, you
can bet I’m wearing something rubber underneath.”  She pointed to
the rubber bra and intimate appeal area.  There were two women there,
taking off their tops, and getting measured for a custom brassiere and
corset.

She led them to the rear of the floor, and there was a room marked Private
– Employees Only.  Melissa led Jack through the large door, and into
the receiving area of the warehouse there were large crates everywhere,
and near the middle of the floor, there was a huge cube display about twelve
feet cubed.  It was filled with a gray material, and there was a large
arm sling above the top of the cube.  The arm had a winch, which had
a harness that was lowered to the floor. On one side of the cube, there
was a LED display, much like the Fucking Machine’s timer.

“This is what Matt was talking about earlier.  I can’t wait to
try this.  Jack, can you help me out a little?  This is something
that I need to do for myself, but possibly later you may be able to try
this out.”  Jack looked at the cube, and thought that it was solid. 
“What is this cube?” Jack asked.  “It is an immersion suspension tank. 
Do you remember that old movie many years ago where a scientist goes into
an immersion tank to experiment with sensory deprivation?”  Jack nodded,
still in awe of the huge box in front of him. “Well, in that movie, he
floated on top a layer of water, and the tank was like a huge fast food
sandwich box.  Well, this is the twenty-first century’s version of
that box.  The main differences are that this unit is designed so
one person, if he or she wanted to, can use it all alone.  The person
gets into the harness after they don whatever type and kind of suit that
they are going to wear.”  Melissa reached for the slick red suit that
was hanging there by the cube.  “Help me with this fast, Jack. 
I can’t wait to be in there.”

“You are going to go in there?”  Now he got it.  The cube
wasn’t solid at all.  The gray material was going to suspend Melissa. 
It was looking like quicksand, and it probably would press very hard against
her body.

“Isn’t that going to crush you?”

 “That’s the whole point to it, Jack!”  The pressure is constant,
and blocks out all the sense…vision, smell, touch, taste, feeling…It makes
you feel floating…not too much unlike scuba diving, but with nothing to
see, nothing to do…just peaceful floating.”

“Where are the tanks?”

“There are no tanks, Jack.  I will be using a breathing hose, connected
to outside the cube.  I will have air pressurized and forced down
into my lungs through my nasal passages.  It will be so peaceful.”

Melissa slid her clear legs into the bottom half of the suit. 
There was a thick electric cord running up the side of the suit. 
“What is that?” Jack inquired.  “That is a tactile virtual sensory
application device.  It is a nano-machine, capable of producing much
different stimulation to the inner skin of this suit.  It covers the
inside of the suit, and when I am in the cube, it will function as a pleasure
device for me!”  Jack could see her face’s expression changing into
one of desire and want.  “Pull this on me quick!”

Jack held the suit for her, as she slid it over her clear latex body. 
“Hand me that hood over there, and that gag too, please….”  Jack gave
her the hood, which had a mouth opening, but no eye openings.  Melissa
quickly pulled it over her head, and then took the gag and slid that over
her head.  Melissa fumbled as she smoothed the air away from her head. 
“Jack, help me put the harness on.”

Jack slid over to Melissa, and he had the harness in his hands, but
he slid up to her suited body, and started to kiss her.  A surprised
Melissa kissed him back, their tongues dancing.  “Yessss, he really
is into this!” she thought to herself.  Her pussy was dripping since
she pulled on the outer suit, and she was so happy that she could lead
Jack to this place.  “Now, we’ll see if he is really understanding
of this fetish!”

Jack’s arms wrapped around her body, as her bosom pressed deeply into
his sweater.  The 2 layers of material felt really good to Melissa,
and it was making her want the cube more and more.

He wanted to see what Melissa was going to do in the cube, so he pulled
himself away from her.  But the gray material would not allow him
to see that.  “Place the thick rubber collar over my head. Zip up
the waterproof seal around my back.  Then take the collars on the
counter over there…” she pointed in the wrong direction “and attach them
to my ankles and wrists. And then place those spreader bars that were in
the corner unto the rings on the collars. I don’t want to touch myself
while I’m in the cube.  I’m so hot for this.  Yes…place the clips
into the rings like you are…so nice and constricting.  Now that I
can’t touch myself, take the gasmask, and insert the breathing tubes into
my nostrils.  Be careful, they have self-sticking glue on each end.” 
Jack did that, and she looked so alien right now.  He wanted to fuck
her right now, all covered up in the outfit.

“The tubes have to be pulled up through the hole on top as the mask
slides down…got that, Jack?”  Melissa was turned away from him, and
she couldn’t see a thing.  Her entire body was tingling; she wanted
to be immersed RIGHT NOW.  “Jack, from this point on, I will not be
able to speak, so all that you have to do is help me with the mask, and
then sit back.  I want you to see this.”  Jack didn’t understand
what she was saying, but answered her “OK.”

“Pull the gag into my mouth, and then place the mask over my head, and
seal me in!”  Jack took the gag from around her neck, and placed into
her open mouth.  Jack then inserted the tubes in her hooded noseholes. 
She then reached upward to help him guide them in.  Jack lifted the
mask, thinking how heavy it is, and placed the lip into Melissa’s hands. 
She pulled it down on her neck slowly, as Jack started to seal it with
her heavy necklock.  As soon as it sealed in, Jack could hear and
see the airlines pressurize and fill.  The hood was expanding turning
her head into a red inflatable oval dome.   Jack pulled the lines
up and now Melissa was totally dependent on the lines for her breath. 
The Timer lit up, and started flashing “20:15” and it started to count
backward.

The harness quickly took up the slack, and pulled Melissa off her feet. 
Her legs dangled, as she was lifted 20 feet in the air.  The harness
jerked quickly to place her shape over the direct center of the cube, and
it jerked her body to a stop.  Jack pulled away from the cube, so
her could see her body shaking for a couple seconds.  The timer was
now down to “20:03”, when the winch let go of her, and she fell into the
cube.  Her legs sank beneath the gray matter, and Jack could see Melissa
arch her body.  “It must be cold,” he thought to himself.  The
timer stopped flashing at the twenty-minute mark.

Melissa was now up to her breasts in the substance.  The suit’s
nanotechnology had started its program as soon as her feet dipped in. 
Millions of small pressure points racing up and down and over her legs
were now over stimulating her body.  Her brain was tingling along
with her natural sexual craving to be pressurized.  She wanted her
whole body in this.  Now her mask has started to be enveloped, and
it slid underneath the surface quickly.  Her whole body was now on
fire.  She tried to move in the thick slush, and found it so hard
and slow moving.  She tried to move her legs, and found the same resistance. 
Her breathing was rapid, and she loved hearing her own breathing. 
Her pussy was dripping down the suit.  She hoped that she didn’t short-circuit
the suit on its maiden voyage!  Melissa wanted to feel her tits, to
pull her nipples and stimulate them naturally in this unnatural place.

Jack saw the cube start to be rippling, as Melissa was completely engulfed
in it.  Jack walked around the cube and could not see a thing inside
it.  All he could see was the lifeline hanging into the middle, and
rings of ripples pushing out to the sides, making waves.  “What did
she want me to see?”  Jack walked to the front of the cube, and he
could now see the digits beginning to flash again at the “15:10” mark.

“It should happen any moment now.  Please let it happen!” 
Melissa was in a torrid state inside her suit.  She had been brought
to orgasm twice, and she knew that it was only the beginning.  Her
body was arched almost completely back.  Her body’s senses have been
pleased beyond comprehension.  Her contact in Germany told her bits
and pieces, but never told her anything like this.  Melissa wanted
to place her hand in her pussy, and lick her nectar.  She wanted to
share this with everyone she knew; she wished that they could be with her
now.  And then it happened.

At the “15:00” mark, the cube began to glow brightly.  Jack had
to cover his eyes, as the light was very intense.  Curiously, there
was very little heat coming from the cube.  As the light died down,
the cube’s gray matter had begun to clear up.  Jack could also hear
sharp cracking noises coming from it, sort of like hearing plastic explode
when broken up into little pieces.  The light died away from the cube,
and Jack could now see Melissa’s form inside the cube.  Her body was
twisted as she was spiraled arching backwards.  Her spread legs and
arms looked like a frozen ice skater, doing a very complex jump or spin. 
Jack could see no movement.  It was like she was frozen in space and
time.

Melissa’s body was compressed against the cube’s gray matter as it had
been activated.  The material, called Ultraprene 231, was a light
stimulated conversion substance.  It was originally developed by the
West German Military as a stealth coating for their naval and air warships. 
But because it could not hold it’s form for long, it was deemed a waste,
and the project was canceled.  One of the scientists, Dr. Van Allen,
who was a rubber fetishist, knew what this could mean for other fetishists. 
As soon as he could, he took the original formula, did some tinkering to
it, and voila! Ultraprene 231 was created.

The matter held Melissa in her two layers right into her natural skin. 
Her blood flow was completely pressurized, like being in a giant blood
pressure cuff.  The tactile suit was stimulating her body beyond belief. 
Her lungs had been kept at a pressure that left her airflow tight. 
The computer that controlled her mixture began to add carbon dioxide into
her oxygen, and would administer just enough to let her brain fall in and
out of conscience. Her body was in total orgasmic state, and she fell victim
to the mixture.

Jack was walking around the cube, getting a better view of Melissa in
the now clear cube.  He noticed that the edges were graying quickly,
and the clearness was fading away.  It was then when Cris walked into
the room.  “I thought I heard something back here.”  She had
a gasmask under one arm and a plastic package in her other.

“So what do you think of the Cube?  It sounds mind blowing!” 
Cris strode right up to the cube, as Melissa’s body was once again covered
in the gray matter.  An audible gurgle escaped from the cube, and
Jack peered into what Cris had in her hands.  “New toys?” Jack asked.

“I’ve needed a new mask for weeks since Melissa and I broke the old
ones we had.  We had these masks that had interchangeable valves and
ports, and once one broke, we had to get replacements.  It’s very
hard to get the kind we have, so we had to special order it…from Iraq!” 
Cris noticed that Jack was interested in the mask, as he was before in
the apartment.

“Would you like to try a mask on, Jack?  There are many different
type, and the store’s got the most common ones in stock.”  They made
eye contact, and there was a glint of wonder in Jack’s eyes.

“What about Melissa?” Jack thumbed back to the cube.  “She’s a
big girl, and I think that all you’d be doing is waiting another ten minutes
for her.” Cris smiled back.  She took his hand in her gloved one,
and led them out of the back room, and down an aisle near the side of the
building.  There was a pair of men looking at a shining metal bondage
rack, and testing out how solid the construction is.

“So how did you meet, Cris?”

“I was at a fetish party, and I saw this lovely little girl in the corner. 
She was wearing some leather pants, and a vinyl top, and she was showing
so much skin!  She looked so out of place.  I mean, usually you
see people wearing all sorts of way out things, and here she was, looking
so…plain!  She looked lost, and being the sexual person I am, I struck
up a conversation with her.  We didn’t become lovers until later,”
she giggled slightly “but we knew that we had touched a nerve within each
other.  I knew from that point on that we would be together.”

They were coming in on the gasmask area.  Cris slid a gloved hand
over a dark rubber mask that had nose tubes hanging in front of it’s fully
covered face.  Jack was looking at a mask that was like a firefighter’s
mask, with a full clear dome so that the face could be seen totally. 
It had straps around the back of the head, and there was a hanging tube
in the front of it.  “I can see what you like instantly!”  Cris
opened up the straps, and slid the mask off the display head.  “Jack,
sit here so I can place it on you.”

“I don’t know…I…”

“Oh, just do it.  It’s not bad, and once you have it on your head,
you won’t even notice it.”  Cris’ blue hands contrasted with the black
rubber mask, and Jack wanted to see those hands in action again. 
“Fine.  What do I have to do?  How do I breathe?”

“Just breathe normally.  Relax.”  She slid the web in the
back of the mask on Jack’s crown, and started to slide the mask over his
face.  She yanked it down, and now his head was encapsulated in the
hood.  He could feel it, being heavier than a motorcycle helmet. 
He moved his head from side to side, getting used to the weight. 
“So what do you think?” Cris’ muffled voice sounded in his ears. 
The thing he quickly noticed was the sound of his breathing.  It was
very calming.

“This is something I could get used to.  It’s very different.” 
Cris pulled on the mask she had been cradling in her hands.  There
were two large round eye lenses, exposing her eyes, but the mask tapered
over her mouth and nose into a very thin pressure line.  She hooked
it to a small oxygen bottle near by, and the length of hose permitted her
to get close to Jack.  Her blond hair was tangled in the webbing of
the mask, but Jack could tell by her eyes that she was excited.  She
turned her head from side to side, looking down the aisle.  Jack did
the same, and saw no one around.

Cris quickly jumped on one of Jack’s open legs, sliding her body close
to Jack’s.  She pressed her body and placed her weight on Jack’s thigh. 
Cris took a hold of Jack’s tube, and ran her fingers up and down the flexible
hose that ran from Jack’s hood.  As she did that, her body arched
into his leg, grinding her covered pussy into him.  Jack gasped, and
the sound was echoing in his mask.  He could feel his manhood expand,
and he knew he wanted more.

Jack placed his hands on Cris’ waist, and pulled her body into his. 
They made contact through their eyepieces, and both of the expressions
that they gave each other were of ecstasy.  The both wanted to continue.

“Doesn’t this feel so wonderful!” Cris gasped out.  “The way your
breathing and it’s natural sound excites you!  I know it does me. 
Whenever I’m in surgery, and I place the mask over the patient, my pussy
just drips in my rubber panties.  Most of the staff doesn’t even realize
that I’m in heaven when we begin the operation.”  Her body continues
it grinding into Jack’s leg.  His cock was straining against the jeans,
and he wanted this feeling to continue.

Cris let her hands wonder down to his crotch, and stroked the mound
letting her rubber finger tug on the brass zipper.  She looked into
his eyes, knowing that he wanted more.

“I think we’d better look for something more comfortable for you to
slip into…” She took one last gasp, and disconnected herself from her air
supply.  She hopped off Jack’s lap, and pulled the mask off him. 
She reached up behind her, and did the same.  Jack’s body was trembling
from the small exposure to the mask.

“Let’s go see if Melissa is finished with her exhibition.”  Cris
took the mask she had on into her arms again, and started to go back towards
the backroom.  The lighting was coming form back there, and the cracking
noise was heard once more.  “Sounds like she’s almost done!” 
Jack walked behind Cris, enjoying the view of her plastic body move. 
His cock was pressed against the jeans, and he wanted to just take her
and fuck her right here and now.  But he was being patient, for he
knew that later he would get his chance.

As they walked into backroom, the first thing that Jack noticed was
the LED timer flashing “00:05” He also noticed the matter in the cube squishing
around, from side to side. At the “00:00” mark, the winch started to pull
Melissa up from the cube, and her limp head, arms, and legs were dangling
from the harness.  Her hooded head and hoses were dripping gray matter
and her booties were pointed down as well.  The matter dripped into
the cube and the winch slid over to lower Melissa to the ground. 
Cris and Jack both slid under Melissa to help support her as she fell to
earth.  Cris supported Melissa as her arms fell around them both. 
The top spreader bar fell into Melissa’s lap, and the breathing tube was
inhaling and exhaling rapidly.

Jack reached into pull the mask lock off, and remembering her nose tubes,
ever so slowly, he pried the mask off her face.  The gag had a lot
of drool sliming down it, and the glue in her nostrils was sticking to
the tubes.  Cris held down her lips, as Jack snapped the tubes from
her nose.  Cris pulled the gag away from Melissa’s mouth, and Melissa
took a deep breath of air.

“Wow.”  She said slowly, as her entire body still shook. 
Cris then took a hold of her inner mask, and pried that off her carefully. 
Her face was dripping wet with sweat, and her nostrils were glazed over
from the solvent.  Her body seemed to be on the verge of a total breakdown. 
“That was the most intense stimulating thing I’ve ever done…I could feel
my entire body just contract when the cube went solid.  Jack pulled
the hood completely away from Melissa’s head, and placed it on the rack
next to the machine.  Cris kissed Melissa’s forehead, as she began
to regain her strength.  “It was that good, huh?”

“Oh yeah…you’ve got to try that!”  She gleamed into Cris’ eyes. 
Cris met her glance, and gave her a passionate kiss.  Cris opened
her eyes and saw the clock on the wall.  She pulled away quickly from
Melissa, handing her a towel for her wet face.  “We’d better get going
soon, it’s going to take some time to get ready for the party, and Jack
doesn’t have the proper attire…yet.”

They helped pry Melissa out of the outer suit, and then placed the used
suit over a drain in the floor.

“I’m so wet from the cube…my juices are puddling up in my feet! 
It’s so swishy!”  Melissa tenderly moved away from the back room,
as Cris and Jack followed.

Melissa then walked right up to the men’s area, and pointed to a rack
of long catsuits.  “Go ahead, pick one that you want…don’t mind the
price.  It’s my treat.  Just do it quickly…I’ve got to get out
of this suit soon…I’m not going to do it here, I’ve got something that
I need to do at home when I pull this skin off.”

Jack saw the usual black suits, but his eye caught on this deep blue/purple
one.  It had attached boots, but no gloves or hood.  Melissa
and Cris both watched Jack make his selection, and Cris grabbed Melissa’s
hand.  “You are trembling so…”

“You would be too, from that experience!” Melissa balanced on her toes,
and whispered into Cris’ ear.  A smile quickly formed on her lips,
and she also playfully bit her bottom lip.  “Oh, yes!  Jack,
please hurry up!  We’ve got to get going!”

Cheri then came by, and politely asked, “Is there something that you
are looking for?”  Jack turned, and saw that Cheri was now wearing
a tight black mini that contrasted from her suit.  The mini had separate
pieces that made up the skirt, so it was like wearing a loose collection
of rubber strips.

“I think I’d like that one there, but I don’t know if it will fit.” 
Cheri smiled, and pulled out a small personal data assistant out of a pouch
with some sort of clip attached to it.  “Let me scan you with this
sizer.  It’s like a tailor’s measuring tape, only that it will do
all the measurements in record time, and we then can check the inventory
to see if we have one in your size.  Just stand in jumping jack position,
as I scan you.”  Cheri then aimed the sizer at Jack’s head, and let
it roam all around.  Some sounds and clicks came form it, and then
as soon as she started it was over.

“We do have one with no attachments, and we also have one like you see
with hood.  Which would you like?”  Jack replied, “I’ll take
an identical one to this, but do you have any separate matching hood and
gloves?”

“What kind of which?”  Cheri looked at the screen of the PDA. 
“Let’s start with the hood.  We have open faced, totally closed, ones
with eye, ear, and mouth holes, and some that have other appendages…” Cheri
trailed off.  Cris’ hands were now roaming over Melissa’s ass, and
Melissa was trying to run her hands over and around Cris’ tummy. 
They were flirting with each other, playfully kissing in the background,
waiting for Jack to make his decisions so that they could get back to the
apartment.

“I’ll take a open faced mask, and some regular matching gloves, ones
that run up my forearms.”

“Very Good.  Wait here while I go and fetch them for you.” 
Cheri smiled again, and pivoted on a 6-inch boot heel, letting her skirt
fly upward as she walked away, back into the employee only area.

“What are you two giggling about?” Jack looked at the two rubber women
kissing and touching each other playfully.

“Oh, nothing…Jack, we’ll be in the office, waiting for you, come on
Cris…I need to…do some paperwork while we wait.”  Melissa took the
towel she had with her, and slung it around Cris’ head.  She led her
into the back room, as the door shut.

Jack looked around, and saw other people looking at him.  He politely
smiled back, and looked at other things.  Across the walkway was the
toy area, and he saw some gag balls.  He slipped over to the rack,
and was intrigued with a purple thick one.  He took one of the hangers,
and imagined what it would be like with this in his mouth.

“They are so perverted.  I know I love to have one in my mouth
when I am in the middle of a session.”  Cheri was behind him, with
a cart holding his selections.  “Really…I’ve never tried one before.”

“It’s goes in something like this.”  She pulled a used blue one
out of the same pouch she pulled the PDA out of earlier.  There were
bite marks indented on it from use.  Cheri placed the gag into her
mouth, and then slid the lace behind her head.  She buckled it up,
and did a nice little curt bounce infront of him.

“That looks so good.  I can’t wait until I have one in my mouth.” 
Cheri grunted, and then took the gag from his hands, and took it out of
the plastic wrapping.  She held it up to his mouth, and he nodded
his head no.  Her hands pressed the ball against his lips.

“No…” as he opened his mouth, as the cool rubber ball slid into his
mouth.  He bit down on the ball, and felt the lace pull into the back
of his head.  She pulled away from him, and made contact with her
eyes.  He moved his eyes down, trying to look at the gag.  Cheri
led him to a mirror, and there they were the two of them, gagged in the
middle of the store.  She had this look of a glowing smile on her
face, and she posed a little for Jack.

Jack reached behind his head, and fiddled with the buckle.  He
let the gag fall to the concrete floor, and swooped over to get it. 
Cheri quickly reached it first, and placed it in the cart.  “I’d better
get going…” Cheri looked at him, and gave him the ok sign.

She walked over to the counter, and started to ring up the suit and
accessories.  Melissa and Cris then came out of the room, recovered
in the original sweatsuits and normal things.  They were holding each
other’s hands.  Melissa reached behind Cheri’s head, and undid the
gag.  “Hey!!!…I was going to let it out after you left!”

“Sure you were…ring his stuff under my code, and charge it to the house
account.”

Melissa took a pen, and signed off on it.  “See you later…”And
as an afterthought, Melissa turned to back to her, “Oh, yes…I’ve made arrangements
to have the Cube shipped off to the Dock for tonight’s party.  Maybe
you might want to hint to some of our guests tonight what they may or may
not see…” Melissa’s mane of hair swished as she pivoted to walk out.  
Jack took his large shopping bag of the counter, and smiled back at Cheri. 
She smiled back, and winked at him.  As they were leaving McGivan’s,
Jack asked both of them, “Cheri’s going to be at the party tonight? 
Is she going to be there with anyone?”

“Jack, Jack, Jack…you like her, don’t you?  Well, she will be there,
but not with anyone exclusively.  She’s going to be part of the party,
but not a guest.  You’ll see…”

This story continues in [Part 4](weekend_rubber_experience4.html)
