---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Moth to the Flame
authors:
- sfmaster@att.net
tags:
- F-f
- bond
- chain
- cuffs
- slave
- training
- armbinder
- naked
- clamps
- collar
- tease
- gag
- paddle
- toys
- oral
- hairbrush
- spank
- rom
- cons
- XX
date: 2020-11-28 00:00:00
---

### Part 4

“Honey, what’s going on?” asked my husband, home from one of his business trips.

“What do you mean, sweetie?”

“Why are you working at K-Mart?”

“Because I’m tired of sitting home on my ass doing nothing. The maid can come in two days a week to clean – there really isn’t enough work for her to do all week, and the gardener works outside. I was bored silly, so I went back to work!”

“But honey, I told you that I made enough money so that you didn’t have to work. I don’t want you working outside the home,” he told me. Again!

“I’m tired of sitting here on my ass all day doing nothing but watching TV,” I protested.

“That’s not the only problem.”

“What else?” I asked.

“You’ve been seen in the company of another woman – not one of your usual girlfriends, a Lois Baker.”

“We met at the Jaguar dealership where she works, and struck up a friendship,” I told him.

“So you don’t deny it?” he asked.

“No,” I answered.

“Are you spying on me?” I demanded, “do you have a private detective following me around? Do you want a divorce?”

“Is that what you want?” he asked, “why did you two go to the Marriott twice on a Saturday afternoon a few months ago?”

“We went for a few drinks,” I lied.

“Is that why you took a room for two, ordered lunch, and then watched two sex films?” I’d say that you were having an affair with that woman.”

“That’s none of your damn business,” I told him.

“I also found out a few facts about your lover,” he threatened.

“Really, I’m fascinated, go on.”

“She’s a lesbian dominatrix! Is that who you went to bed with, a dyke?” he asked me.

“Well, since we haven’t had sex for a year, I decided to have an affair,” I told him, “here, look!”

I unbuttoned my blouse, and threw it on the chair, and then unzipped my Ralph Lauren skirt. The marks of my last session with Mistress Lois were plainly visible on my naked flesh.

“You’ve been beaten,” he observed, “you’re a pervert!” he screamed.

“Correct on the first count, incorrect on the second.”

“You’ll get nothing in divorce court, nothing!” he threatened.

“Oh I think that I’ll get something, like half of our assets.”

“Once your infidelity comes out, I don’t think so,” he cautioned.

“I’ve had a private detective follow you on your business trips,” I revealed, “and you seem to have a girl in every city!”

He looked very upset.

“You’re bluffing!”

I removed a manila envelope from the dresser drawer, and spread the contents on the bed.

“I may have been fooling around, but you must have started long ago on the road!”

“You’ll get nothing, when it comes out - “

“Do you really want it to come out publicly in Divorce Court about my lesbian affair with a Domme? You’ll be a laughingstock,” I told him.

“You’re a slut!”

“Thank you. Now if you don’t mind, I have to go to work.”

“Don’t come back. I’m throwing you out of the house!” he screamed.

“Really, is that a fact,” I answered.

---

It was after work, and I had called Lois and asked to meet her at a bar for Happy Hour. The same way that we had met in the beginning.

“What is so important, Annette?” Lois asked.

“My husband has discovered my infidelity, and wants to throw me out. He knows about our relationship, and what we do together.”

“Really, that’s very interesting. Drink?”

“Yes, thank you.”

We both ordered, and Lois ordered a tray of appetizers for us to share at the bar.

“Are you going to get a divorce?” Lois asked.

“Yes, Mistress. He hasn’t taken me to bed in a year or more.”

“This could be very embarrassing to come out in open court,” she told me.

“For him, mostly. I have already spoken to a lawyer, told him of the situation, and he agrees that my husband would be better off settling out of court, quietly. It wouldn’t be good for his reputation to have our affairs made public.”

“No, I suppose not. When the divorce is finalized, how would you like to come live with me?” Lois asked.

“Mistress! I thought that you didn’t want your lovers moving in?”

“Well let’s just say that I have become attached to you, Annette. I’m sure that will set even more tongues wagging in Great Neck, don’t you agree?”

“You want me to move in?”

“Yes, and you’re going to continue working as well.”

“But I have plenty of money – neither of us has to work, I can support us both,” I offered.

“I’m sure you do. But the price of your submission is both your naked body AND working for a living. I don’t want my slaves just lounging around doing nothing – I came from a working household, unlike you rich women.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Very good then. Take an apartment, and live there for a year while you get all this legal stuff out of the way. Continue working at K-Mart.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Your slavery is going to expand into new directions once you have been freed from your husband,” she told me.

“I’m looking forward to it, Mistress,” I told her.

“So you shall,” Lois answered.

---

For the first time I had been invited to Mistress Lois’s house. For the entire period of my slavery, I had been going to Catherine’s house, which had an elaborate playroom for D/s.

After work one day, I drove up to her house in Great Neck. It was a large Tudor that looked similar to many others in the same neighborhood.

Once I had rung the doorbell, Lois opened it. She was still wearing her business suit from work.

“Good afternoon, Annette,” she greeted me.

“Good afternoon, Mistress.”

“Please come in,” she told me.

“Yes, Mistress.”

Her house was nicely, if sparsely, furnished. Downstairs was the foyer, living and dining rooms, and kitchen.

The table was set, and I could smell that dinner was cooking in the oven.

“We’re having baked ziti, is that all right?” Lois asked.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“I have three bedrooms upstairs,” she told me, “plus a furnished basement for entertainment.”

“That’s very nice,” I told her.

“Nothing compared to your place,” Lois observed.

“No, Mistress.”

Dinner was a strained affair, and I helped her bring the food to the table. We split a bottle of Red Chianti together, and soon the dishes were all in the dishwasher.

“There now,” commented Lois, “what shall we do now?”

“Whatever my Mistress desires,” I answered.

“Take your blouse and skirt off, but leave on your undies and heels,” she ordered.

“Yes, Mistress.”

So I stripped off my work clothes in her living room, with the sun’s last rays streaking through the window.

“Very nice, Annette. Are you on a diet?”

“No Mistress. I seem to be one of those girls who can eat without putting on weight.”

“Lucky girl. I’ll be sweating dinner off in the gym tomorrow,” she told me.

“What do you want me to do next?”

“Take the rest of your clothes off,” Lois ordered.

The rest of my clothes soon joined the others, folded neatly on a chair.

“Display yourself,” Lois commanded.

As I had already learned, I placed my hands behind my head, and turned around slowly so that I could show my body for Lois to inspect.

“When did I last flog you?” Lois asked coolly.

“Two Saturdays ago, Mistress.”

“Then we’ll have to remedy that, won’t we?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Let’s go downstairs,” Lois suggested.

Following behind her, naked, I wondered what she had in the basement. She had told me weeks ago that she didn’t entertain her slaves in the house, but I suppose that had changed.

Instead of a pool table or media room, Lois now had manacles hanging from the walls, and chains hanging from the ceiling.

“The previous owner had soundproofed the basement because his son practiced with a rock band down here, so it’s perfect for a playroom,” Lois told me.

“Mistress, I thought that you had said that you didn’t do your sessions here?” I asked.

“That’s true, Annette. Until I met you, that is. You have so charmed me that I want our sessions to take place here, without Catherine in attendance.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Go to the cabinet and select a flogger,” she ordered, “and I’ll get into something more appropriate.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

I had finally earned the right to select the instrument of my punishment! Without Catherine to bathe Lois and help her dress, Lois had to do that on her own. I watched as she stripped off her business suit, and placed it on hangers. Then she removed a sleeveless catsuit and boots, and dressed herself. Holding the flogger, I knelt in silence on the floor, guessing that was the correct thing to do.

When she was finished, I had to admit that Lois looked simply stunning in the PVC catsuit that showed off her bust and trim waistline. She buckled a belt around her waist, accentuating her figure.

“You look simply lovely, Mistress,” I complimented her.

“Thank you very much, Annette. Of course, that won’t spare you any strokes.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

After she had buckled the straps on her matching shoes, she got to her feet, and looked at herself in the mirror.

“Are you ready?” Lois asked.

“Yes, Mistress,” I answered, “please flog me?”

“Yes, darling. Now stand up and get ready.”

“Mistress?” I asked.

“Yes, darling, what is it?”

“What’s that big leather thing on the wall?”

Lois walked over to the wall, and pointed out a leather device made of straps, and large pieces of leather. I had never seen anything like it before!

“It’s called an armbinder,” said Lois, “and it’s quite confining. Would you like to try it?”

“Yes, Mistress,” I answered.

Lois hung the flogger onto a clip on her belt, and then took down the armbinder. She then walked over to me, and I shivered slightly, even though it was quite warm in her playroom.

“Afraid?” Lois questioned.

“No, Mistress!”

“Good, arms behind your back please?”

I complied, and Lois walked to my back, and I suddenly felt the leather device pulled up my two horizontally held arms. She tugged and pulled the thing all the way up, and I felt as if my arms were encased in a leather bag! Then she pulled a zipper up, and she locked a roller buckle strap at it’s top – confining my arms totally inside.

“Stand still,” Lois commanded.

She next drew two straps over my shoulders and locked them to the armbinder as well. There was no way that I could possibly escape from such a fiendish device!

“Look at yourself in the mirror, darling.”

I complied, and meekly walked over to the full-length mirror set in the wall. Totally naked, my arms were encased in the armbinder, and I was totally helpless and at her mercy!

“Can you escape from the armbinder?” Lois asked.

“No, Mistress,” I answered.

“It makes a girl totally helpless, don’t you agree?”

“Yes, Mistress,” I replied.

“Come here, darling. I want to chain your ankles.”

I walked over to Lois, and she had chosen some additional devices for my entertainment!

First came a pair of ankle shackles, and I stood silently as the ratchets were closed around my ankles. I was now hobbled, and my steps were limited to the length of the steel hobble chain!

“Ouch!” I cried as my nipples were pinched.

I watched in stunned silence as two nipple clamps, joined with a piece of chain, were expertly placed on my erect nipples. Once they were on, Lois gave a small tug to the chain, and I had no choice but to be pulled along by them!

“Stand still.”

Lois then locked a leather collar onto my neck, brushing my long hair out of the way. I heard the small lock close in the silence of the playroom, another device meant to confine me. Lois pulled at the D-Ring on the collar, and again I was obligated to follow.

Lastly, she produced a penis gag, and I needed no prodding to open my mouth to accept the stubby rubber cock into my mouth, and it was soon buckled at the back of my neck.

“Mmmmmph! I grunted.

“There now, you’re quite a package, darling. Come, see yourself in the mirror,” Lois ordered.

She gently pulled on the chain attached to my nipple clamps, and I followed behind her. Soon, I saw myself in the mirror. I was a helpless package, confined by the implacability of steel and leather, all meant to confine naked girls!

“Mmmmmph!” I moaned when Lois began to play with my right breast.

“Quite helpless, aren’t you? I bet that you were one of those Type A personalities when you worked in the city, bossing around all of the others in your department. But Type A’s have a secret, don’t they?” Lois questioned.

I could only nod my head in assent, knowing what she was going to say next.

“Submission. Type A’s may present an image to the world as hard driving dominant bitches, but you’re really submissive in the bedroom, aren’t you?”

Again, I nodded my head in agreement!

Yes, it was true! Mistress Lois again had penetrated deep into my mind. Yes, I had been a Type A in the office, ordering my staff around, and becoming very unpopular. But whenever I had bedded a man, I instantly became sexually meek. I would do whatever he asked, and that included doing it doggie-style, with me kneeling on the bed and she entering me from behind.

“But you couldn’t get enough submission from men, could you?” Lois further questioned, “you needed more, which included my crop and whip?”

I had to admit that Lois was correct – had any of my male lovers taken leather to my bare bottom, or even his hand, I would probably be with him now. But none had! One man, George, who I had met in a bar, lived in the same building with an S&M shop downstairs. He seemed to take no interest in the place, even though I had asked him to go inside with me.

“Mmmmmph!”

While I had been deep in thought, Lois was now fondling my sex, and I opened my legs to accommodate her ministrations. I was proving to quite submissive indeed, and I sucked on the penis gag in my mouth. The stubby rubber cock made me even more sexually excited, if that was possible.

“You’re so submissive,” said Lois, “not even Catherine was quite so willing to submit to me so easily. I’ll bet that you love your bondage, and would never leave, given the chance!”

“Mmmmmmph!” I exclaimed in erotic agony!

After becoming Lois’s slave, I had reached the inescapable conclusion that I loved sexual slavery. There was nothing that excited me more than being placed in bondage, and then disciplined.

It was just the steel and leather that held me captive – it was my own sexual desires! How else to explain my desire for what others might consider perverted? Good girls certainly weren’t supposed to be tied up and whipped by leather clad women!

“Mmmmph!” I grunted as Lois’s fingers thrust into my wet sex.

The armbinder made me totally helpless, and the other things that Lois had placed upon me merely accentuated my bondage. I tried to force the armbinder off me, but there was no way to escape the totality of the hideous device. It pulled my arms back, and thrust my breasts out. I had never felt like this before!

“You’re a Type A slut!” Lois observed.

Had I been able to speak I would have certainly agreed with her comment. However, all I could do was to groan in response and endure her torments of me!

Just when I was at the very borderline of orgasm. Lois abruptly pulled her fingers out of my sex. I was sweating profusely, and just a few more thrusts would have tipped me over the edge. Instead, now I was left panting with desire!

Lois then removed my penis gag, and I greedily sucked air into my heaving lungs.

“Thank you, Mistress Lois,” I told her.

“You’re welcome, Annette. Now clean yourself off my fingers.”

I licked and sucked her fingers, tasting myself on her flesh. When I was done, Lois walked over to a panel on the wall, and a chain lowered itself to a more convenient location. She then grabbed hold of a D-Ring on my collar, and pulled me along to the chain. I obediently followed along behind her – there wasn’t anything else that I could do!

Lois then attached the chain to a ring at the base of the armbinder, below where my hands were encased in the black leather. She walked back to the control panel, and the chain was slowly raised a few inches!

I was pulled over, exposing my bottom!

“There now, isn’t this comfy?” Lois asked.

“Yes, Mistress,” I answered.

“Have you ever been in this position before?”

“No, Mistress.”

“Do you like the armbinder, darling. It’s so – confining!”

“Yes, Mistress,” I answered, “I could never free myself of it.”

“That’s the idea, sweetie. Instead of a flogger, let’s use a paddle instead!”

Lois produced a black leather paddle, and I knew that in my current position, my poor bottom was going to be the object of her attentions!

“Kiss the paddle!” Lois commanded, “what is your safeword?”

“Sinful, Mistress Lois,” I quickly answered.

I did so, my lips kissing the black leather. I wondered how many other women had done so at Lois’s behest!

“Get ready, Annette. And you may count out each one, and if you miss one, you’ll get three more!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

Crack! “One!”

Crack! “Two!”

Crack! “Three!”

Crack! “Four!”

Crack! “Five!”

Crack! “Six!”

Crack! “Seven!”

Crack! “Eight!”

Crack! “Nine!”

Crack! “Ten!”

“Ouch!” I cried when I felt Lois’s hand caress my stinging bottom.

“Tender, darling?” Lois asked.

“Yes, Mistress,” I meekly answered.

Lois then gently pulled at the small chain attached to my nipple clamps. Was there no end to my suffering?

“Enjoying yourself, dear?”

“Yes, Mistress Lois,” I quickly answered.

When the woman you love is your tormentor, there is no end of suffering that you will endure to please her. Totally helpless, I was at her tender mercies while in bondage!

“Are you wet, darling?”

“Yes, Mistress,” I answered.

I fully expected that Lois would again thrust her fingers into my wet and throbbing sex. Instead, I felt the buzz of a vibrator at the entrance to my moistened sex!

“Now hold still, dear,” Lois intoned.

There was little else that I could do as the vibrator was inserted into my sex, and was soon pistoning itself inside me!

“Aaaaaaah!” I moaned.

Was every woman a true slave inside? Did she only need the right person and circumstance to bring her submissive feelings to the surface? It was so strange that Mistress Lois had first disgusted me by her public performance in Manhattan. But when I saw her again on Long Island, I simply knew that I had to experience her as Mistress!

“Ooooooh!”

“Is my slave getting enough cunt action?” Lois asked.

“Yes, Mistress,” I cried.

The armbinder is a truly fiendish bondage instrument, not only in confining the arms, but also in thrusting a woman’s chest out. I had never felt so sexual before as when the armbinder reduced me to breasts and exposed pussy, and totally helpless.

“You may come,” Lois ordered.

The orgasm that had been building inside of me was finally released by the command of Mistress Lois. I moaned and bucked in my leather and chains as the vibrator brought me time and time again to orgasm.

“Aaaaaah!” I cried out in both pain and pleasure at the same time.

“Very good, slave,” Lois complimented me.

Much to my surprise, Lois lowered the ceiling chain and released the armbinder from it. Next she undid the roller buckles of the armbinder, and the strap above my elbows followed. Finally, she unzipped the fiendish device, and she gently removed it.

“Let the circulation return to your arms, you're going to be a bit numb for a while,” Lois advised me.

“Ouch!” I exclaimed when I moved my arms.

“I didn’t keep you in the binder too long since that was your first time.” Lois told me, “you have to get some experience with it.”

“Yes, Mistress,” I answered, as feeling slowly returned to my aching arms.

Lois conducted me to a chair, and I gratefully sat down, even though my bottom stung from the many paddle strokes. I could smell both my sweat and desire at the same time on my naked body, and I was certain that Lois could as well.

“Better now?” Lois questioned.

“Yes, Mistress.”

My ankles were still hobbled together with the chain, and I made no effort to remove the nipple clamps from my breasts. The small chain glinted in the ceiling lights, and my fingers played with the small links.

“Do you like your jewelry?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Those aren’t for sale at K-Mart, now are they?”

“No, Mistress,” I answered.

“Pity department stores don’t have a sex toy department. I’ll bet they would gain a lot of business!” Lois laughed.

“Yes, Mistress,” I agreed, laughing with her.

Lois then removed the clamps, and I felt a sudden rush of pain as they were taken from my pained nipples. The most any man had ever done was to suck and bite at my nipples, but it took a woman to place clamps on them. What does that say about the differences between men and women?

“Ready for bed, Annette?” asked Lois.

“Yes, Mistress.”

Lois did not place handcuffs on my wrists, but merely locked a leash onto my collar. I followed obediently behind her to her bedroom in silence.

Her bedroom was tastefully furnished, and she led me into the bathroom and removed my ankle shackles.

“Clean yourself off, then join me in bed.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

Since Catherine wasn’t there to assist me, I had to wash the evidence of the bondage session off by myself. Soon, I was dry and ready for whatever else Lois had in store for me!

Lois was naked on the bed, and I guessed that her Domme outfit was hanging in the closet. She motioned me over, and opened her legs.

“Satisfy your Mistress,” she ordered.

Needing no second order, my head was soon between her legs, and my tongue and lips were in her sex. I licked and sucked at her fragrant pussy lips and clit, bringing her ever so slowly to orgasm.

I didn’t have to be told that there was a crop on the bedside table, which I knew was for me should I fail to satisfy her sexually. In my training, I had learned that my responsibility as slave was to sexually satisfy my Mistress, as well as endure her punishments!

“Oooooooooh!” Lois quietly moaned.

I was proud of the fact that I could sexually satisfy a woman such as Mistress Lois! I was sure that she had many who begged to bed her, and that she was very particular whom she associated with!

I knew to take my time, since Lois preferred to be brought to climax slowly, instead of a quick and unsatisfying orgasm. So I took my time between her thighs, ever so gradually stimulating her, slowly increasing the tempo of our lovemaking.

Lois bucked her thighs in response, and I had to keep up with her. She moaned and sighed as I playfully bit her erect clit. I smelled the aroma of her arousal, and I knew that she was ready to climax.

My tongue thrust deep inside her, and soon she was moaning and bucking even faster. Finally, she came!

“Yes, yes!” Lois exclaimed.

The sound of her orgasms filled the bedroom, and we bounced together on the bed. Shortly before, I had been in the playroom, and Lois had been disciplining me. Now we were lovers in bed, except that I was still wearing her collar on my neck.

“Very good, Annette,” Lois complimented me afterwards.

We were laying together in bed, the sheets a mess around our naked bodies. Glancing in the mirror, I saw that my body was covered with red marks as an indication of my servitude to Lois.

“What are you thinking about, Annette?” Lois asked.

“Was my Mistress ever a slave?”

“Of course I was!” Lois declared happily.

“Really, Mistress?” I replied. Pillow talk with your Domme can be very strange indeed!

“I was just out of college when I met a woman at my first real job. She was an older lesbian, and she got me into bed in no time. After a few weeks, she told me that she had some “special demands” and I had no clue what she was talking about.”

“What happened, Mistress?”

“Cynthia spanked my bottom one night after sex, and the next she used a hairbrush on me! After that, came a paddle and a riding crop. Before long, I was used to punishment, and I wore her collar for two years. I loved it!”

“Thank you for being so honest with me, Mistress.”

“Well, darling, Dommes don’t come into being by themselves. The really good ones start out as submissives first – learning the ropes, so to speak.”

“Mistress Lois is very wise.”

“Thank you, Annette. A Domme has to provide a satisfying experience to her submissives, else it’s just beatings. There are a lot of Dommes and submissives who are into power trips and don’t understand what D/s is all about – using it as an excuse for nothing but cruelty. I’m not that kind of woman.”

“Yes, Mistress, but then when we started, why did you present the tough girl image?”

“Because I wanted to scare you, Annette. I wanted to see if you really wanted to be my slave, or if you were just fooling around. But you took to your slavery so earnestly, I knew that you were truly honest.”

“Thank you, Mistress.”

“Now don’t think that is going to get you off from being punished, now or in the future. You’re still going to feel my lash, and often! Do you understand?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Good, then retrieve my strap-on harness from the night-table. I’m going to fuck your brains out.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

And so she did that night!

---

My divorce was finalized in a lawyer’s office four months later. Neither of our marital infidelities was mentioned at the table, and our divorce never had to go before a judge. Our assets were equally split, and the house was to be sold.

My husband and I would go our separate ways, and nothing else would be said publicly about the matter. There would be few wagging tongues in Great Neck!

---

“Hand me the hairbrush, darling.”

I was in Lois’s bedroom again, and we had just finished a session in the playroom. My body was again well striped by Lois and her riding crop, and I felt well used by then.

“Yes, Mistress.”

I handed Lois the hairbrush on the top of her dresser, and she smacked the wooden part against her palm.

“Tell me, Annette, have you ever been beaten with a hairbrush before?”

“No, Mistress.”

The week before, I had been bent over her lap and beaten with a large wooden kitchen spoon for coming without permission during a session. I was learning that there are many household items that can be used to discipline a girl. Not just those in the playroom!

“Over my knees, then, sweetie,” Lois ordered.

I obediently placed myself over her lap, my exposed bottom ready for punishment. Lois massaged my fleshy globes as she had many times before and I knew that my rear was going to in for a bad time shortly!

Whack! Whack! Whack!

I had never thought of the hairbrush as an instrument of discipline before, given its other main uses. However, every woman is supposed to have at least a couple of quality ones to brush her hair. Lois, however, used hers for quite another purpose indeed!

Whack! Whack! Whack!

“Having a good time, dear?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

If Mistress Lois wanted to whack my bottom with a hairbrush, then that was her privilege as my owner, and I would endure it, just as I did the crop and paddle.

Whack! Whack! Whack!

My usual mode of dress while in Lois’s house was to be naked, collared and braceleted, and usually wearing a pair of flats or high heels. I didn’t get to wear a Maid’s outfit like Catherine!

Whack! Whack! Whack!

“You’re such a good girl,” Lois commented.

“Thank you, Mistress,” I answered.

“Kiss the brush, I have a surprise for you,” Lois ordered.

I kissed the brush with my lips, and then Lois indicated that I kneel on the bedroom floor in a pose that I had learned earlier.

“You’re going to be leaving K-Mart.”

“Thank you, Mistress.”

For months I had worked at K-Mart and not been recognized by anyone from Great Neck. That is, until two weeks ago! I had turned around to hang some panties on a rack, when I literally bumped into a woman from the same country club that I had belonged to – worse, Shelley was a gossip! I knew that she would be blabbing all over town where she had seen me working.

Not that I really cared, of course, as I was planning on disappearing just like Catherine had.

“I’ve arranged another job for you. Tell me, have you ever been inside an Adult Shop?”

“A porn shop, Mistress?”

“Yes, a porn shop.”

“I’ve been in a couple over the years, Mistress,” I answered.

“That’s just fine! My good friend Bill and his wife both own one, and she has to stay home because she’s pregnant. So you’ll be filling in for her for a few months.”

“I don’t know what to say, Mistress.”

“Think of it as a new life experience. You’ll be selling sex toys, lingerie, and tapes and DVDs. It will be great fun!”

“Thank you, Mistress Lois,” I answered.

“You’re welcome, darling. I’ll tell Bill that you can start in two weeks. After all, you have to give K-Mart proper notice!”

“Yes, Mistress.”

What next would Mistress Lois ask of me? It was one thing to be used in private, but what if Shelley came looking for me in a porn shop?
