---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storieslr/questionable_room_service2.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Questionable Room Service
authors:
- Zeedrot
tags:
- F/f
- bond
- tape
- clamps
- pain
- rope
- toys
- enclosed
- transported
- crop
- breathplay
- tease
- denial
- rom
- cons
- XX
date: 2026-01-10 00:00:00
---

### Part 2

Jo stood wiping away a bit of sweat on her brow. *Damn, it’s getting hot in here already*, she thought. She snickered to herself at the double meaning, followed by a small twinge of worry when thinking about how warm Laura must be under the duct tape. Jolene’s hazel eyes locked on the bound woman on the bed.

After the disaster that was the cream, Jo had held Laura’s bent and bound body in a long embrace. She had even rested her head on the distressed woman’s back. The maintenance woman blushed at the intimate moment shared with the little bondage freak, and the feelings it enkindled in her. Jo’s ear had pressed to a curved back where she’d heard a racing erratic heartbeat slow in time, felt ragged breaths even. Jo had even noticed the faint scent of pomegranate mingled among the strong smell of sweat. It had been so…intoxicating. She had wanted to stay there, feeling every twitch, groan, and breath. Eventually though, she had torn herself away, reapplying the foam hearing protection and covering it in layers of duct tape, again sealing away Laura’s senses.

That had been several minutes ago, and Jolene was still trying to comprehend her own emotions. She felt like so many lines had been crossed, yet she didn’t want to go back. Laura’s endurance in the face of such bondage and pain had been inspiring, and Jo, if she was being totally honest, found this little expert bondage lover attractive for it. She embodied such passion, dedication, and strength. Jo respected that, and she wanted to bask in its glow as long as she could. She wanted Laura in a way she hadn’t wanted someone in a long time, but would someone like this, so experienced, want someone who was bumbling through the kinky stuff?...Maybe? Hopefully? *Oh, come on Jo, remember this is you providing a service to a customer. This isn’t one of those meet-cute romcoms your sister made you watch growing up.* Still…maybe?

As her mind warred with itself, a knock came at the door. Jo practically fell over startled, feeling like a kid caught with their hand in the cookie jar. She quickly recomposed herself and strode for the door. Opening it the slightest amount possible, she saw her oldest friend, and technically her boss, Miri standing there in the hotel hallway, wearing a pretty business suit, a gym bag slung over her shoulder. Jo opened the door a little bit further and Miri slipped in quickly.

Shutting the door, Jo took in her friend. The two of them really were the embodiment for the old adage that opposites attract, even if only as friends. Where Jo had been poor, had pale skin, was a bit of tomboy, tall and broad shouldered; Miri came from money, had perfect olive skin, long dark hair, was the picture of femininity, and probably was closer to 5 foot than the 5’2” she claimed on her license. Even so, the two were inseparable, especially now that Miri had taken over the hotel when her parents had passed.

“Oh, wow! Jo this is really something. Very unconventional, but absolutely you. Wait, can she hear us?”

Blushing a bit at the compliment, Jo shook her head.

“Great!” She dropped the bag, it made a heavy thud mixed with the clank of metal. “You really secured her, and are those binder clips on her nipples?” Miri inquired. Jo could see the eager look on her friend’s face. She’d seen it plenty, it said she was absolutely fascinated in the way that only the obsessive Miri could be.

Jo nodded, and began recounting everything she had done to Laura thus far. Miri nodded along as she walked back and forth around the bed inspecting everything. As Jo finished off, she hesitated to mention the cream, but ultimately told her short friend everything. “And she didn’t use her safety signal? That’s something else. I once saw Carmen use that on a male guest’s dick, and I thought we were going to have to call an ambulance. She’s either very experienced, crazy, or most likely, both.”

Jo had worried that Miri would say that. She was definitely not in the same league as Laura. She was downcast, but why? It was just another kinky guest to be serviced, right? Even before the question had fully formed in her mind, she knew it was a lie. This so-called guest had ignited a new side of Jo’s soul and she was starting to feel things she probably shouldn’t. Laura had wormed her way into Jo’s mind, and Jo was desperate for more of Laura. What more meant exactly, Jo wasn’t sure.

As Jo’s attention turned back to her friend, Miri had a focused look. “You know I had planned to show you how to use some real bondage gear, but looking at this masterpiece, all I can do is admire your ingenuity. That said, I think I can at least show you some fun things to try since you’ve got such a pliable little masochist on your hands. What do you think? Want a couple pointers so you two can have some real fun together this weekend?” Miri’s face returned to its usual lighthearted smile at the last comment. Jo blushed for some reason, and nodded while looking down at the floor. Why was she being so timid about this? That wasn’t her usual personality, and definitely not around Miri. Did Laura make her this nervous?

“You know the binder clips aren’t a bad clamp substitute, but you know one thing you can do with clamps, including your improvised ones?”

“What’s that?” Jo asked with genuine curiosity. That other, kinkier side that had just started appearing peeking through with excitement. Miri gave a slight knowing look to Jo as if she were seeing something inside Jo for the first time, but something perhaps she had always expected to find. It left Jo feeling exposed even standing there with her lifelong friend.

“Well, clamps make nipples really sensitive, watch…” Miri without a second thought stepped up to the bed and yanked a clip off. Laura’s softly rocking body stopped as if short-circuited, before it seized and shuddered, painful grunts emanating through the layers of tape and the socks that were crammed inside the poor woman’s mouth. “As the blood rushes back in it brings pain, and now this,” she gave the exposed nipple a squeeze and kneaded it between her fingers. Laura began screaming through her gag. Jo marveled at how painful such a simple appearing thing could be. “It’s more sensitive, so if I do this,” Miri reapplied the clip and Laura spasmed again in pain, her unyielding bondage not allowing more than some desperate violent tugs at the ropes holding her fast. “You can really get someone to ride that edge between pleasure and pain by alternating the sensations and intensity,” Miri instructed.

Jo’s mind whirled in the moment. The sight of the struggling woman in pain created a sensation of pleasure in her. Jo questioned this feeling, a shame mounting at the arousal felt over someone else’s plight, but she couldn’t ignore it anymore. Yet, that wasn’t the only thing coursing through her body and mind. There was also a bizarre pride at how her bondage didn’t yield to the little expert’s struggles. And there was a tinge of jealousy towards her friend. Miri had, with such little effort, pulled such wondrous sounds from Laura. And finally, Jo also felt a sense of admiration for the bound woman and her endurance.

The maintenance woman wanted to push Miri away and take over the torment herself, but uncertainty about the implications of the swirling emotions and desires in her doused those flames for the moment. She was caught in limbo. The more she watched Miri playing with the woman’s abused tits the more her new wants beckoned her, but she also feared those feelings. She needed to either submit to these new urges or flee. In frozen panic her lips started speaking without her permission, “That’s…impressive, Miri, uh, but I should probably take care of the AC in the other room.”

Miri seemed a bit forlorn, but accepted the words as Jo gathered her work bag and trudged off, no, sprinted out of the room. She slowed a bit as she walked down the hallways. Her mind tried to rationalize, to create a logic that would allow her to return to the version of herself before seeing Laura bound on that bed. No attempt to deny her awakening worked though, and by the time she finished the repair, on autopilot, Jo’s mind had reached a certain conclusion. It didn’t make sense, but she wanted Laura bound and at her mercy, and perhaps more, or at least what their transactional relationship as guest and hotel staff would allow. As she powered back to room 102 where Miri and the bound woman were, Jo knew she needed to learn all she could from her experienced friend, so she could maximize whatever fleeting moments she could share with Laura over the weekend. She’d embrace this fever dream.

---

The burning at her most sensitive place had abated for the most part when suddenly Laura’s left breast had burst with pain. The clamp Jo had applied earlier had been yanked away, and it was followed by an immense wave of pain, not quite as bad as the cream, but still way more than her inexperienced mind could understand. Then her engorged and pain-stricken nipples were being pinched and groped. The feeling was an exquisite feeling that aroused and hurt at the same time. It was almost too much, especially when the clamp returned suddenly and painfully. She remained resolute though, Jo’s experienced hands had taken her to new kinky heights far beyond what she thought possible, and she wanted to honor that gift with resolve. Jo seemingly knew her stuff, and weirdly Laura felt comforted that she had such a caring and capable mistress to teach her new things about herself.

Something deep in her soul yearned to earn the respect of this other woman tormenting her. She wanted to prove herself, and increasingly she realized she was growing attached to this random person she had barely met, who she had not even seen thanks to the blindfold and now layers of tape. Jo was awakening a new level of submission in Laura. A need to please her mistress. The pain was severe, but now she knew that she could and would endure for the strong and caring mistress Laura had been rescued by.

Besides, the feel of Jo’s soft delicate fingers pinching and pressing her nipples was somehow both absolutely agonizing and oddly delightful…Wait, soft? Delicate? These weren’t the hands she had grown accustomed to in the last couple hours. Where were the callouses, where were the powerful hands? Panic grew in Laura’s mind. Who was this? Where had Jo gone? A cold shiver ran through Laura for some reason. She wanted those comforting and strong hands, and the person they were attached to, back.

A stifled moan mixed with a pain filled scream interrupted Laura’s thoughts as both clamps were torn away violently this time. Her mind started to come back from the sensation, to only be interrupted again, this time as both tit tormentors were snapped back on. Another howl of pain, and while her body responded with masochistically pleasurable sensations, Laura’s mind spoiled the fun. She didn’t want this newcomer to be the one causing these sensations. She wanted Jo back.

Perhaps Jo was standing by directing some small waif of a maid in this new agony. The thought helped claw back some enjoyment, but Laura continued to feel doubt and worry. But why? Her original fantasy was to be used by a cute hotel maid, and that was likely happening now. So, what was the problem? Why did she only want Jo’s hands to torment her now? The introspection was disrupted this time not by a quick jerk at the clamps, but a slow agonizing tug that gradually slipped the tormenter down Laura’s nipple until it slid off the very tip of her tit eliciting a pained series of grunts and pants from the bound and gagged woman.

As her mind came back to being able to think about something other than pain, Laura reassured herself that Jo must be directing this newcomer. It was the only logical way that these soft little hands could work Laura’s abused nipples so well. The realization was enough to ease Laura’s fears and let herself embrace the moment and start enjoying it. She’d endure this under Jo’s watchful gaze and prove herself worthy of new tortures and pleasures at those calloused, but somehow safe, hands.

The torture continued. Laura thrashed against the tape and ropes enveloping her as the new hands explored, teased, and assaulted her. Occasionally, the vibrator would change settings suddenly, often as a clamp was added or removed. Laura assumed this was at the deft direction of her true mistress. Laura found herself increasingly enjoying the sensations. She was rapidly descending into a heavenly hell. She was crashing towards another orgasm, she realized, thinking about the phantom touch of Jo orchestrating this little symphony of sensations. Then it hit her as the vibrator kicked high, a clamp removed, and immediately the painful feeling of teeth pressing against the swollen flesh. Laura couldn’t believe how Jo, and now her acolyte, could reveal the depths of her own masochism.

As the glow of the most recent climax faded, a new electricity pulsed across Laura’s skin as she felt the familiar firm hands, Jo’s hands, that she had been longing for, finally return. Laura wanted, no, needed them to take over her torment, but that’s not what happened. Instead, those powerful, controlling, and comforting hands started to release parts of her bondage. Laura wondered if she had done something wrong, had shown an unknown signal that bared her inexperience to her mistress. Each restraint removed was causing her distress. First to go, the rope pulling down on her neck, then the tape and rope about her legs. And worst of all the vibrator was taken away.

Laura let out a sad whimper, was her fantasy already coming to a close? More importantly, had she disappointed her new mistress? The ropes holding her to the bed were next. Then her legs were forced together and pulled forward by those delightful hands. If this dream was coming to an end Laura resolved she would try to treasure each last touch from Jo.

Then something wondrous happened, tape wrapped around Laura’s ankles and thighs fusing both legs together. Laura wanted to laugh at herself, Jo wasn’t releasing her yet, she was changing up the scene. Relief and giddy anticipation of something new flooded Laura. She wasn’t sure what to expect, but she knew whatever her mistress concocted next she was in capable hands that seemed to perfectly ride the line of being nearly too much. Laura craved it at this point.

The feeling of weightlessness overtook Laura as she was held aloft by undeniably powerful arms. Laura felt flush at the idea of Jo picking her up with such ease, and the safe contentment it gave her when combined with her bondage. Laura for a brief moment questioned the depth of those feelings. Was it merely that she was embracing the submissive in her for a capable dom, or were those feelings charged with something more? Was she mixing up a skilled professional’s touch for something more…personal?

The confusing thoughts and desires were soon replaced by a new perplexing sensation. She felt her body being crammed into some small space with what felt like nylon walls. Laura was small and flexible, but even so, whatever she was being forced down into was barely large enough to accommodate her body. Jo had to use some force and even required her assistant apparently when delicate hands began to aid in the effort. Then Laura was in the container feeling the nylon lid fall into place. Her mobility inhibited nearly completely, Laura still tried to press up against the lid with her shoulder. It lifted slightly, but was clearly sealed shut somehow.

Then she felt motion. She was moving, or more accurately whatever she was stuffed into was moving. Worry surged forth in Laura’s mind. She was nude, bound, and stuffed in some tiny container being taken to god only knew where. Why had they taken her from her room? Wild thoughts began to flash. Perhaps, the hotel wasn’t kink friendly, but instead was a front for sex slavery, and now she was being transported off to some horrible fate overseas. Or maybe Jo had decided to make Laura her personal play toy permanently, and why did that one at least sound exciting? Or more distressingly maybe they were going to harvest her organs? Every absurd possibility tore through Laura’s mind as she was pulled along in her container.

Somewhere along the journey though Laura’s fears subsided. The tight confines of the storage container she was in, the ropes and tape, knowing that it was Jo who placed her in here, the sum of those facts all worked to calm her for some reason, especially that last bit. Restraint was a familiar feeling to the self-bondage enthusiast, and being constantly squeezed by whatever small container Jo had placed her in, only heightened her sense of it. Then there was Jo. She had shown a remarkable ability to push Laura beyond what she thought she could endure, and Laura could not shake the comforting feeling Jo’s arms and body had given her after the burning cream. Someone who does that wouldn’t then turn around and do something nefarious Laura reassured herself. This was Jo going above and beyond with no restrictions. The fear finally subsided, replaced by unadulterated excitement just in time for Laura to realize they had stopped. Laura was ready for whatever Jo, her mistress, had in store for her.

---

When Jolene had returned from her repair work, Miri had Laura in a fit of pained grunts and low pleasure filled moans. Jealousy, something she never really had felt towards her friend, crept its way through Jo for the second time. She wanted to make Laura feel that way, no she needed to make her feel that way. To that end, she began paying particular attention to every little motion and subtle gesture Miri made and how they affected Laura. She would learn whatever she could from her friend to be the best mistress she could be. *Now you’re becoming a mistress?* she laughed mentally to herself.

Once the jealousy was gone, or at least suppressed, Jo realized how odd it was to see Miri this way, dominating another woman and doing a hell of a job. Jolene had known for a long time that Miri was into kinky sex, but knowing and seeing were two different things. Miri had this weird focused look to her face, but also a wild excited glint to her eyes. Noticing Jo’s return, Miri started verbally describing what she was doing to help Jo learn how to replicate it all.

After a bit, Jo watched as a particularly rough set of attacks to Laura’s nipples combined with the vibrator to tear another orgasm from the sweat drenched Laura. Jolene stood there watching, mesmerized by the bound woman, so much so that she nearly didn’t register that Miri was giving her instructions, “Jo, empty her suitcase and then help me re-tie her a bit.”

A blank stare on the maintenance woman’s face showing her lack of understanding. *Why would I dump out her suitcase?* she wondered. “Jo, I want to take our little friend here up to my room, so we can better train you on what to do and not do to satisfy this little bondagette.”

“But…why would we need her suitcase cleared…Oh!” Jolene’s mind reeled, realizing they were about to stuff Laura in her own suitcase. As Jo thought about it, putting Laura in the suitcase made a lot of sense. If they were going up to Miri’s suite on the upper floor, they probably didn’t want any other guests to see a nude but heavily bound woman, and luggage wouldn’t raise any attention.

Once the suitcase was prepped, Jo followed Miri’s instructions as to what to remove for the journey. As Jo worked, she couldn’t help but notice that as each layer of bondage was released, Laura seemed to deflate as if disappointed. *This woman has it bad,* Jo observed to herself impressed that even after all that she had endured, Laura seemed to still crave more. In the past, that would have seemed odd to Jo, but now with the shift that had taken place today in her own inner self, Jo could understand on some level wanting more of this strange new world. When Jo began reapplying some bondage Laura’s whimpers seemed to die off.

In short order it was time to place Laura in her suitcase. Jo scooped up the small woman and with some help from Miri forced the small flexible woman into a ball inside the suitcase. It was a tight fit, but Laura showed no signs of wanting it to stop. Jo righted the luggage and pulled it along as she followed Miri out into the halls. The two free women talked casually, but invariably Jo’s gaze drifted down to the rolling suitcase thinking of the insane but amazing woman inside.

After a few short minutes they reached Miri’s suite on the upper floor. Miri had sold her house when her parents passed and moved into a small rarely rented suite here in the hotel. She had said it was to keep a closer eye on business, but Jo had long wondered if there weren’t another more personal reason. The room was a familiar sight to Jo, she had been here on many occasions just hanging out with Miri not as her boss, but as her friend. The line between personal and professional didn’t just blur between the two, it simply never existed despite how long Jo had worked for Miri and her parents.

Laying the suitcase flat, Jo decided to ask bluntly, “So, why did we have to come up here for this?”

Miri gave a sly grin, “Well JoJo, three reasons. First, it was getting hot down there without A/C and I really don’t like to sweat.” Jo rolled her eyes jokingly at both the dumb nickname and how of course this was about Miri’s own comfort. “Second, I wanted a little more room to work with and some more privacy. And third, I thought our little bondage friend,” Miri’s eyes dropped down towards the luggage, “would appreciate being crushed into that small space. Now, we need to get her out and I’ll see what pointers I can give you.”

“I thought you said my rigging was ‘really something,’” Jo teased her friend.

“Oh, it was and in an impressive way,” Miri laughed before her features turned serious. “Look, I can tell you are really into this. And I am beyond happy to see that. I always had a feeling you’d enjoy some good kinky fun, but I also want to look out for you and our guest. You are new to this so I’m just going to give you some pointers to look for, subtle signs and how to wield your newfound authority. All the while, I also want to make sure you don’t push…Laura, too far.”

Jo nodded, happy if a bit embarrassed to hear that Miri seemed to have read her desires already. Slapping hands together the smaller woman turned back to the situation at hand, “I want you to get her out and I’ll start with how to convey orders to a sub that can’t see or hear since you two seem to enjoy using every bit of duct tape possible.”

The taller woman worked quickly opening the suitcase and hauling the bound Laura to her feet. Jo’s heart raced as she started to wonder what Miri would demonstrate on Laura after the nipple play earlier. Whatever it was, she knew she would pay as close attention as possible. She had to improve to match Laura’s wants and needs.

Shock tore through Jo when Miri placed a riding crop into her hands with a cheerful and supportive, “So, first let’s get her to understand to respond to the placement of the crop for changing position and for guiding movement.”

“Wait, you want me to do it?! I thought you were going to show me?” Jo stammered out confused.

“Jo, I’ve known you long enough to know you learn best by doing something.”

She knew Miri was right, but still she wasn’t sure about this. Seeing the hesitancy Miri stepped up and placed a hand on the taller woman’s shoulder, “Look, I am right here, and I will be the whole way.”

Miri nodded, “So, what first?”

“Well, it appears our slave, despite being experienced, or at least crazy, has forgotten her posture. Look how she is slouching. We can’t have that, so let’s start there.” Miri crossed her arms, “Use the shaft of the crop and give her a hard smack across the center of her ass, and I mean hard.”

Jo gulped hard as she pulled her arm back and then brought it down hard. Her aim was slightly off, but the crop’s shaft still hit Laura’s butt, if a bit high. There was a muffled yelp and the woman twisted a bit from the pain, but immediately afterwards straightened her back and shoulders.

“Good,” nodded Miri, “See how she naturally corrected her posture…perhaps she is actually experienced after all.”

*What does that mean?* thought Jo. Did she notice something earlier that cast doubts onto Laura’s bondage credentials? Jo couldn’t even fathom the idea that Laura might be inexperienced. There was no way.

“Now we can start with simple movements and positions. In a moment I’ll have you give a few light taps to the back of her legs to tell her to move forward. Similarly, we’ll use light taps to the sides of the legs to get her to turn and move those directions. If at any point she doesn’t seem to respond properly, you’ll repeat the gesture, but instead of light taps you’ll really strike her to cause pain.” Jo wondered how Laura would understand that without prior knowledge, not to mention with her legs still bound together it would be hard to move, but she trusted Miri knew what she was doing.

“Go ahead and get her moving,” Miri encouraged with a small wave of the hand. Jo gave a couple light taps to the back of Laura’s legs. Nothing happened, and Jo looked back to Miri for reassurance. The dark-haired woman gave a simple nod and a thumbs up. Jo tensed and swung with a great deal more force causing a muffled cry and small hop forward.

Miri told her to repeat the light taps to the back of the legs, and to Miri’s surprise Laura made one and then another small hop forward. “Great! Now reinforce the good behavior by fondling those cute breasts of hers.” Jo stepped up and did as instructed, a low moan came as Laura continued her small hops. “Now light taps to the outside of her right leg to get her to go that way.” Jo rendered the light smacks with the leather tip of the crop landing on Laura’s upper thigh. The bound woman stopped and turned in the direction indicated. *Wow,* Miri thought in amazement.

What followed over the next hour was a blur of training for both Jo and Laura. Miri guided the scene playing out, telling Jo what to do or not do, and the signs to look for various things. Jo felt pride as Miri praised her and Laura’s skill in picking this up. Often Laura seemed to guess at what a particular stroke or tap meant, though occasionally she struggled, but never for long after the heavier blows began raining down. The skill Laura displayed in anticipating Jo’s commands brought home to the maintenance woman how truly knowledgeable the small bondage aficionado was.

As time passed, Jo found it impossible to hide her own arousal and the implications. She couldn’t help herself. The way the leather sounded on Laura’s skin, the adorable strained hops, the muffled little grunts and moans. It was a surprising exhilaration she was feeling. She had such control over a bound beauty, and more than that, they were able to understand each other without words. Jo was addicted to the feelings whirling inside her that she had tried earlier to suppress. At times, Laura’s sounds of pain and pleasure were accompanied by aroused moans escaping Jo’s lips. At first it surprised the maintenance woman, but soon it felt right.

After an hour of training, Miri cut in, “Okay, you still have a lot to learn, and honestly, we could spend the whole weekend teaching you all kinds of lessons on dominating someone, but I think you can manage from here. After all, you and her seem to have a sixth sense or something understanding each other. You seem to have figured out what her pain thresholds are, and she seems completely pliant and has even started to anticipate your instructions. Really, it’s remarkable for two newbi…er two new acquaintances.”

*Was she about to say they were both newbies?* Jo thought. Of course, she was a newbie, but there was no way Laura could be. It was the second time Miri had implied Laura was not what she appeared to be.

“I think we can release you two back downstairs to enjoy the weekend of debauchery she begged for in that note of hers,” a bemused look on Miri’s face. Jo blushed. She was genuinely looking forward to the next couple days of Laura’s stay, but then she noticed a contemplative expression had grown on Miri’s features.

“Uh, something wrong, Miri?”

“Well, since she is so *experienced*, I would like to test something very difficult on her.” Jo gave a quizzical eyebrow raise. “Bring her over to the bed and sit behind her with your arms around her tightly holding onto her torso,” Miri gave the order casually as if it was a daily occurrence or something. Jo’s heart beat faster as she followed the commands which left her so intimately close to Laura. She couldn’t help but notice that familiar and pleasant smell of pomegranate and sweat that emanated subtly from Laura. It felt wonderful, dreamlike even to again be holding this miraculously strong-willed bondage lover. Jo was curious as to what exactly Miri had in store for Laura, her arms tensing in a gentle but firm embrace around the bound woman.

Jo didn’t have to wait long as Miri placed a magic wand against Laura’s damp womanhood, and an instant later clamped her fingers around the woman’s flaring nostrils.

---

After being released from the container used to move her, Laura had endured a painful strike with what she guessed was a cane across her butt. Instinctively, she had straightened her body tensing against the pain. When this wasn’t followed by further severe strikes it occurred to Laura that Jo must have done that to get her to correct her posture. It was probably an effort to demonstrate such a thing to the woman Jo seemed to be training. It was arousing for Laura. One of her deepest fantasies to be tied up and trained to be a real submissive was coming true, if only for the moment. Next, light taps against the backside of her upper thighs. They didn’t even remotely hurt. Laura wasn’t sure what they were meant to convey, but she guessed they meant something. *Damn, a more talented sub would probably know what the hell to do,* thought Laura.

Her world erupted in pain again, a full blow across each thigh in roughly the same spot that the light taps had been. Her body moved reflexively, a small hop the only motion her tightly bound legs could manage. She braced herself for the next strike, the next shot of pain, Instead, the light taps returned to the back of her thighs. With quick realization she understood these were Jo’s way of telling her what to do.

She jumped with each new set of taps. Laura was proud she had started to understand her mistress’s demands. Then without warning, Jo’s now familiar touch came firm but gentle to her still distended chest. The sensation was stirring and painful thanks to the rope and zip ties still enrapturing her breasts. It felt wonderful, and combined with being trained, no not just trained, but being used to demonstrate techniques by a powerful and skilled dom, she was hornier than she had a right to be after the several orgasms she had already had.

Unable to see or hear, time became a funny thing. Jo put her through a variety of training. At first it was simple commands, but to Laura as time progressed it felt like she was being tested, her endurance, her obedience. She only hoped that Jo, her mistress, was impressed with her inexperienced efforts. The other woman had probably seen far more well trained submissives, but she needed to prove she could do this, take whatever Jo had to offer and prove her worth.

In part, it was for her own pride, but as she strained to learn and endure Jo’s commands, something began chewing at her mind. It started with the realization that despite most of her senses being gone, she had quickly learned to interpret Jo’s signals. It was remarkable to Laura to communicate this way with body language and touch. It felt intimate in an unfamiliar but welcome way. What’s more, Laura reflected on the day so far. Jo had taken her repeatedly to the edge of what she could take, and even beyond at times, and it had awakened and fed her submissive heart in a way nothing else had in her life.

It was addictive. She didn’t want it to end, didn’t want to face the reality it would have too eventually. Laura was beginning to comprehend that it wasn’t just that she was under the guidance of a skilled dom, but that she was under Jo’s control specifically. It was foolish, but Laura felt connected to Jo in a way she had never before with someone. It was an absurd thought. She hadn’t even seen Jo yet thanks to the blindfold and tape. Yet, she felt closer to Jo than any girlfriend she had ever had. She knew it was ridiculous, but as the training seemed to finally come to a stop and she was placed on a soft bed, Jo’s arms wrapping soothingly around her, she couldn’t deny the realization that she had developed feelings for the hotel employee.

She felt a head against her back, then a slight tensing in the woman holding her. Something was about to happen, something severe she anticipated from the tightening grip. Perhaps it would be more nipple torture or that horrific heating cream. Instead, no pain came. First, a pleasant buzzing at her crotch, then two gentle soft fingers, the trainee’s she thought, touched her nose before clamping down on her nostrils sealing her sole source of precious oxygen.

Her fear from earlier had now become reality. She was about to experience breath play for the first time. If it had been when this had all started, she would have used her safety signal in that moment, she was sure. Now? Now she had been shown her own strength. Jo’s methods had been demanding, pressing beyond Laura’s typical limits, and in doing so, it made her confident to follow Jo’s steady lead. In place of panicked thrashing at her airflow being closed, Laura sat as calmly as she could. Her sensitive womanhood felt a building signal of another orgasm.

Her heart thumped, the little air in her lungs consumed rapidly. She started to feel a burn in her chest. Her head twitched instinctively trying to find oxygen. An alien and terrible feeling. Her lungs demanded her attention, demanded to be fed air, but there was nothing Laura could do bound. The animalistic fear gnawed at her, but the strong arms holding her spoke of reassurance and safety in the same instance. Just as she was about to start struggling, the fingers released her nose. She inhaled fiercely. It didn’t feel enough. Her body screamed for more air. The vibrator kept chugging away while she tried to recover, but it felt different. Slower perhaps? She wondered.

Then the brush of a finger across the bridge of her nose. Laura breathed as deeply as she could. Her only air source vanished, snapped shut by soft hands. The vibrator seemed to kick into a higher setting. Laura couldn’t be sure, but this second session seemed to last longer, and despite her best efforts, she thrashed. Strong arms held her in place, their presence comforting. Laura, thinking about her mistress and their shared connection, steeled herself and stopped the struggles. The fingers released her nose. She managed to control her inhales this time, long and deliberate. The vibrator seemed stronger now.

Once her body calmed, the fingers returned. Laura barely had time to take a full breath through her nostrils. The vibrator clicked up to greater intensity. It made it hard to remain calm. Moans escaped through the socks and tape gagging her mouth. Her thighs clenching and unclenching. She pushed back into Jo’s embrace. Her mind shouted for air. Her thoughts were jumbling. Air, she needed it. She should make the safety signal, but no, she needed to keep going, for Jo. Those arms were proof of her faith in Laura, and Laura had to match that. The air though, her body wouldn’t just quiet. No, it was rebelling in all ways possible. Lungs hungry for oxygen. Muscles straining to keep from trying to fight free. Most importantly the pleasure radiating between her thighs surged. She convulsed, not from lack of air exactly, but from the powerful orgasm ripping through her. The air remained cut off until the climax subsided. By then her mind was shattered in ecstasy, and unable to form coherent thoughts thanks to the hypoxia setting in.

Finally, without her mind recognizing it, air began to flow again. She was faintly aware of her body being gently placed on its side on the bed. Firm hands caressing in reassurance. Laura was beyond exhausted. She had gotten almost no sleep in the past 24 hours. She was thirsty, and hungry. She’d had who knows how many orgasms now. She had endured bondage beyond anything she had experienced before. She had felt the bite of a cane, a burning cream at her crotch, and even breath play. Yet she was in heaven. Jo had taken her time and time again to new seductive heights, seemingly knowing the breaking point of Laura’s body better than she herself did. The intimacy of it was shocking to her, making the fantasies written on her note crass imitations of the blissful reality she was experiencing at Jo’s skilled hands.

---

Jo couldn’t believe what she had witnessed. She’d held Laura while Miri kept pinching the bound woman’s nose and applying the vibe. More than anything she couldn’t believe how well the bondage enthusiast took the breath play as Miri called it. At the end, her friend drove Laura careening into the strongest orgasm Jo had seen on the day. Jealous and with a hint of dejected inferiority, the maintenance woman had held Laura.

*This woman is beyond amazing*, Jo thought. She had taken so much and never once fallen back on her safety signal. Jo wanted to stay here in this moment running her hands across the bound Laura as she relaxed post orgasm. She could tell she was enamored with her. Seeing what the more experienced Miri could do with such a talented and experienced sub, made Jo want to learn to become a dom worthy of Laura. Even with her inadequacies, Jo felt a spark with this more experienced kinkster.

Realizing she had been staring at the olive-skinned bound woman for far too long, Jo looked up to see a surprising expression etched on Miri’s face, one of contemplation.

“You okay Miri?” Jo asked, concerned.

“Huh?...” The dark-haired woman shook her head as if shaking off dust. “Yeah, just…surprised I suppose.”

Jolene wondered what that meant as Miri placed a hand on Jo’s shoulder. “I’m glad you’ve found some fun in kink finally, and that you’ve found someone…unique, to share in it.”

Jo blushed before fumbling her words, “Just doing my job, you uh, know.”

The look Miri gave was somewhere in the range of *really, bitch*?

“Well, no matter what I feel like, you two seem to really do well together. You could have a really fun and special weekend, so after she rests a bit let’s get her back to her room.” Miri seemed to wait a moment with another odd look on her face before adding, “Just, promise me you won’t try anything like what I did with the breath play. Remember, safe and sane.”

“I promise,” Jo offered genuinely. While she wanted to inflict all kinds of fun things upon Laura, and to witness her succeed and overcome them, Jo only wanted to do so to express the strange affection she felt pulling her towards this beautiful bondage freak. Miri simply gave a smile laced with unspoken understanding.

After allowing Laura to not only rest, but enjoy a small nap, Miri and Jolene reloaded the woman into her own luggage. As Jo passed into the hall with her precious cargo, Miri gave one last bit of advice, “Be safe, be sane, have fun, and just be yourself Jo. Don’t worry about how experienced or not experienced either of you are, and while I am loath to say this, this may be one time to not stand on professionalism.”

Those last words reverberated in Jo’s chest as she plunged down the hall set on getting her and Laura back as quickly as possible. What did all of that mean? Why did Miri act so strange? It was like she knew something, but wouldn’t say it. That wasn’t like her, not with Jo. Jolene’s thoughts pulled her in a million directions as she moved through the hotel. Her mind drifted between what she learned from Miri, what her friend had left unsaid, her excitement to have Laura again to herself, and this buzzy feeling anytime she looked down at the luggage where the bound woman who had infected her mind was safely tucked away. It was really erotic to know Laura was there as she passed oblivious guests in the hallway.

What had happened to her today? She had gone from finding this whole bondage thing a tedious distraction from her work, to yearning to explore it. What had changed? Jo already knew the answer. It wasn’t a matter of what exactly, but instead a matter of who. Seeing the strength and will Laura had to endure so much, combined with the natural beauty of the woman, it had seduced her into this strange world she had only grazed before. She couldn’t fully explain it, but thinking about Laura, a woman she had only spoken a few words to, created a burning passion that was unreal, like nothing she had felt before. Was that what Miri had withheld from her, the fact that she could tell Jo was so smitten? Perhaps…

Before she could ponder the question swirling in her mind, she rounded a corner and nearly collided with Carmen, one of the maids who did like to partake in the soft benefits of the hotel. Jolene apologized awkwardly and tried to quickly move on. There had always been something that didn’t sit right with her about Carmen, especially after witnessing the sloppy but vicious rigging she had done on one guest. As she passed the smaller woman, Jo thought she was in the clear, until the grating, bratty voice she disliked beckoned to her, “Hey, what the hell is up? Are you a bellhop now or something Ms. Giant?”

Jo’s powerful frame tensed at the pedestrian needling, it was such a juvenile thing, but she’d always hated snotty bitches like Carmen who tried to bully other people. Jo turned to berate the woman, a snarl on her face, but she froze when before she could retort, Carmen’s expression changed something dawning on her. The maid’s dark eyes had drifted down with intent to the luggage, “The fuck? There’s someone in there isn’t there? I saw it move. You kinky bitch! You’ve been holding out on me. No wonder you always acted so high and mighty. You were trying to throw us off how fucking much you enjoyed playing with the guests.” Carmen wore a smug look that demanded a beating in Jo’s mind. The muscular woman wanted to deck the brat maid, but she knew better, and honestly, she’d rather spend more time with Laura than waste a second more on Carmen. With a huff she stormed off ignoring the trailing jabs escaping Carmen’s vulgar mouth.

Soon they were back in room 102, Laura’s room. They had only been gone a couple hours, but already the room was unbearably hot and muggy. Jolene considered what to do. Laura probably needed some real rest and recuperation. In this heat, hydration and a cold shower might be a good answer before tucking her away to bed. It wasn’t quite what she had originally been thinking, but they had all weekend to play, or at least she hoped they did. After all, maybe with Miri’s pointers she could keep the expert submissive engaged and interested without revealing her own amateur nature.

Extricating Laura from her own luggage changed that though and temptation won out. Another quick session and orgasm wouldn’t hurt, Jo decided. Seeing the sweat beginning to glisten on Laura’s body, to see her chest rise and fall with each labored breath, Jo just couldn’t help herself. She placed Laura on the floor and quickly redid some of the bindings. She removed most of the leg bondage except for what held her ankles. Taking her trusty duct tape the maintenance woman turned novice dom wrapped the tape around the other woman’s ankles a few times. Then using her strong frame, Jo pulled Laura’s feet towards her head while pulling that same head back towards her feet.

It was surprisingly easy for the powerful Jo to get the bound beauty’s feet to touch the back of her head. Jo couldn’t believe how flexible the smaller woman was. There was no world where Jo could hope to replicate something like that on herself. One more amazing thing about this bondage lover. Using her arm to hold Laura’s feet and head together she quickly wrapped more tape around both head and ankles, affixing the woman in the stringent position. It was a more severe version of how Jo had found her in the first place.

*Now for the real fun,* though that predatory side that had only recently bubbled to the surface of Jolene’s consciousness. She placed a magic wand buzzing away at a low setting right at the edge of the bound woman’s exposed pussy just grazing her lower lips. Laura’s chest was fully exposed in this position and Jo took advantage, clipping and unclipping binder clips to each nipple. She was trying to mimic what Miri had done earlier. Laura writhed on the floor, what little she could that is, with each action Jo took. Moans of blissful suffering escaping the mass of tape and socks inhibiting Laura’s speech. It was exhilarating, but Jo felt the need to take it further, both for Laura’s experienced masochism, but also this time for Jo’s own newly discovered desires.

Grabbing a pair of needle nose pliers from her work bag, Jo began using them in place of the clips and her fingers. She would clamp the pliers shut and twist or pull, then release and repeat. To her delight the tool seemed to truly elevate the experience for Laura as the bound woman’s muffled shrieks jumped several octaves louder. Emboldened, she shifted to the other end of her bound canvas. She pressed the vibrator more firmly against Laura, and watched as the arched woman rocked and built towards a new climax. Toes curled against the tape wrapping Laura’s head, her hands whipped side to side a singular silver orb. Her breathing came labored and whistling through her nose.

Somehow, timing it just right, Jo denied Laura the orgasm, pulling the vibrator away. A stifled whine began to emit from the bound woman, but was cut short by Jo’s next move. Possessed by this new side of herself and wanting to really push Laura like she figured the woman wanted to be, Jo quickly spread open Laura’s most intimate area and pinched the most sensitive spot on display with the pliers. A long inhale was followed with a howl of unearthly pain and a shudder. At first, Jo felt pride, despite her own inexperience she’d improved on Miri’s earlier work. That pride soon soured and curdled into terror as a panicked high-pitched grunt was followed by a low pitch one, and finally another high-pitched grunt. The sequence began again, before Jo could physically react, but once she was moving things happened fast.

---

Laura’s exhaustion at the day’s events and lack of sleep the night before were really taking a toll on her. Jo and her assistant had let Laura rest after the breath play. Weary as she was, she had passed out for who knew how long, only awakening when those wondrously powerful arms lifted her from the bed back into the container they were using to transport her about the hotel. Knowing now nothing nefarious awaited her, Laura luxuriated in the cramped confines of her means of transportation.

About half way through their trip, Laura had been surprised when they stopped for a moment. Jo must have stopped to talk to someone. Laura imagined her captor casually talking to someone who was unaware of her predicament, and it was surprisingly erotic. Eventually, the trip resumed. When her confinement ended, she found herself somewhere that was hot, like really hot. Laura was thankful that most of her was nude as almost immediately her body started sweating. The worst was where the tape acted like an insulator, so her hands and head were absolutely miserable.

Before long, Jo had Laura on the floor having released some of her leg bindings. Jo then pulled Laura up into a sort of severe hogtie position. The soles of her feet met the slick feeling of duct tape as they began touching her head. Laura was flexible, but even she was feeling the strain. Despite the distress, Laura felt a warm affection and respect towards the person doing this to her. Again, Jo was pressing past her perceived limits to new beautiful sensations. A teasing vibrator at her pussy only served to maddeningly emphasize this point.

Then the nipple play began, but it felt better coming from Jo than her assistant. The firm calloused hands just felt right when compared to the capable, but clearly less experienced softer hands earlier in the day. The sensations at her chest were a perfect blend of pain and bliss, and when combined with the vibrator teasing her, Laura couldn’t help but gasp and moan through her stuffed mouth.

Suddenly, those sensations heightened as something cold and hard closed around her right nipple. At first, she assumed it was some sort of new clamp to be clipped on and off, but then it was pulled and twisted and new waves of masochistic pleasure pulsed through Laura. It was intense. Her mind tried to picture what exactly was being used on her to create this feeling, but failed. It had to be some special BDSM tool she had never seen. Clear thoughts evaporated as the new device worked its magic.

When the tool left her chest and didn’t appear to be returning, a bit of sadness hit Laura, but the application of the vibrator more directly to her sensitive body distracted her. The pleasure overwhelmed her senses as she neared another exhausting climax. Then just at the precipice, the vibrator disappeared to her despair. An odd sensation came as she felt one of those calloused hands open her up and then a cold hard feeling against her most delicate spot. A sudden horrific realization dawned on her, but too late to do anything about it.

White hot pain lanced her body and mind. The world exploded for a moment. No meaningful thought could penetrate the raw agony consuming Laura. She wasn’t sure how long the sensation lasted, a second, a minute, a millennium? Finally, by some divine intervention a coherent thought connected in her shattered mind: high, low, high. Her body seized on those little words in the maelstrom. She began chanting her only hope, and by a miracle the source of her misery disappeared. Remaining in survival mode she kept repeating the magical sequence of grunts. Soon the tension in her arched body released. As the pain subsided Laura could tell that her bondage was frantically being torn away.

In surprisingly short order the tape around her head pulled free as did the strange stretchy hood. Her hearing returned suddenly. Jo’s voice came desperate and worried, “Oh my god, Laura I am so so sorry. Come on! Why’d I use so much on her head.”

The words were a jumbled mess. Laura felt guilt, realizing the panic in the professional dom’s voice. Now on the other side of the blistering pain Laura started to wonder if she had overreacted. So far, Jo’s expertise had taken her to new fantastical worlds of bondage, more than she could have hoped for. Perhaps she should have tried to last longer. The tape and damp socks were pulled free from Laura’s mouth. A trembling voice called to her as firm reassuring hands held her head, “Laura are you okay? I’m so sorry…I don’t know why I did that. I shouldn’t have. I’m so out of my depth here. I don’t know what I am doing. FUCK! Please tell me you are okay.”

Laura tried to process the words. Parched lips parted and she responded, “Jo, uh, I think I am okay.”

“Do you think, or are you okay? God! The hell was I thinking?!” Her voice was full of self-directed anger, and also beginning to quiver like someone about to cry.

Laura was about to say something, but some of Jo’s words were strange. Up to this point Laura had assumed the person taking her on this wild and amazing journey was a talented and highly experienced professional dominatrix. Now though there was an uncertainty to the woman’s words, and the claim of being out of her depth? It all added up to even Laura’s exhausted mind that Jo wasn’t quite what she’d assumed. A flicker of betrayal and fear flew through her mind, but then another thought chased it away.

So, what if Jo wasn’t exactly an experienced, dominant goddess? With the exception of that last bit, Laura had experienced the time of her life thanks to this other woman. As Jo sputtered and professed her apologies, Laura came to the realization that this was even better than the fantasy she had imagined. Jo was an amateur like her. There wasn’t an imbalance of knowledge here. As more of her bondage fell away along with the deluge of sincerely expressed regrets, Laura became more enamored with this other woman. She had so intimately fulfilled Laura’s known and unknown desires without even being experienced. It made Laura feel more connected to Jo than she would have thought.

When her hands were freed, Laura reached up and removed the blindfold herself. Her long sealed away eyes were awash in bright light, but once they adjusted Laura found herself staring up at Jo for the first time since they had embarked on this adventure. She could finally see Jo’s face. Worried and guilty hazel eyes stared back wet with tears. A pale face ruddy from the heat and emotion. A turmoil-stricken face with sharp features. Short brown hair darkened by sweat. A large dark blemish on her clenched jawline.

Laura had imagined a statuesque female Andonis, and yet this imperfect blubbering woman cradling her now was somehow so much more beautiful. She leaned into the tight embrace of strong arms, drawing into a muscled chest. She rested there, spent, and tried to comprehend how she felt. Jo’s protestations of regret were heard but distant.

Laura pulled her head away for a moment. “It’s okay, I’m okay.” Jo’s expression seemed to indicate she thought otherwise. “Could, uh you maybe lay me down in the bed. I think I need to rest.” Without words the tall muscular woman gingerly lifted Laura. The small familiar flush that seemed to accompany being carried like this by Jo returned to Laura. Gently, she was placed back on the hotel bed where this had all started.

Laura wanted to assure Jo that she needn’t worry. She wanted to let her know she too was new to this. That she had loved almost everything they had done. That she wanted, after a long, long rest, to keep trying this. That she had certain surprising feelings welling inside her. Instead, she simply said, “Uh, the um tip money, it’s in an envelope in my bag.”

---

Jo had never worked so hard so fast in her fairly industrious life. A desperation akin to nothing else in her life held her in utter panic as she freed the bound woman. The world turned to a blur as she tried to apologize for her overstep and honestly from the tears burning in her eyes. She pulled the wounded woman into her embrace. Jo knew she’d fucked up and fucked up hard. Her first concern was that Laura was okay, something the clearly tired and exhausted woman kept reassuring her she was. Jo couldn’t help but feel she was just being polite as she set her back on her hotel bed.

Jo stepped back, Laura’s tan skin was awash in sweat. Her black hair matted and equally slick with sweat. Half lidded dark eyes spoke of exhaustion. By some miracle, or mirage more likely, Laura’s inviting lips were in a faint smile. An ember of hope that not all was lost enkindled in Jo’s chest, only to be snuffed out a moment later when those lips delivered a death blow, ““Uh, the um tip money, it’s in an envelope in my bag.”

Those words killed Jolene. Even with her overstep, she wanted to continue exploring these new desires in her, and wanted to make things up to Laura. Prove she could be what the woman needed, and perhaps in the course of that realize the affection and connection she felt towards the smaller woman. With those words though, Jo’s fantasies and hopes came crashing back to earth. The other woman either no longer wanted or needed her services. This apparently had indeed remained transactional to Laura when it had become something so much more to Jo. She wanted to cry for an entirely different reason now.

She turned away trying to hide that from the guest. She needed to be professional now. She gathered her tool bag and in a voice that she tried to make as sterile and professional as she could, she said, “I hope you found our services to your liking ma’am, and as far as tip, please feel free to turn that in at the front desk when you check out.” Typically, staff collected the money for the special undocumented services offered here, and then they were expected to turn in 10 percent at the front desk to be redistributed to all the staff as a bonus.

Jo didn’t want a cent of the money. She didn’t deserve it after failing Laura so spectacularly. Besides, Jolene couldn’t bear the thought of taking money from Laura to begin with. Even if the other woman hadn’t felt the connection she felt, she wouldn’t cheapen her own feelings by accepting the money.

She didn’t, couldn’t, look back as she made for the door. Nearing the doorhandle, she stopped suddenly as Laura’s voice reached out from behind her, “Wait! ...um, could you maybe stay a bit longer?”

Confusion etched on her face, Jo looked over her shoulder to the cute woman she had tormented all day. She had a contemplative look to her expression. “I was hoping maybe you’d uh, maybe hold me for a bit?”

*What to make of this?* Jo thought. The guest, Laura, probably wanted to get a little more bang for her buck, but Jo seized on this sliver of a possibility. “Sure,” she said, pulling off her boots and crawling into the hotel bed. Her heart fluttered, while her mind tried to calm it. She wrapped her arms around Laura who faced away from her. Pomegranate and sweat scented dark hair filled Jo’s vision and face. It tickled slightly. The two lay there for a while. Jo considered if she should say something, but didn’t. At some point, she would need to get up and face reality, but for now she simply enjoyed one last embrace with Laura.

“Jo?” a trembling voice started, “You know you are the first person to dominate me, period, right?” Jolene froze shocked, so Miri had been right. It was oddly reassuring to know they both had stumbled through the day.

“Really?”

A small nod, “You made me feel things I never even dreamed of. And, um, I know this is a bit forward, and you probably just saw this as a job, but I think I have feelings for you.”

Jolene felt heat in her cheeks. Her breath quickened. “I, um, think I do too…”

Laura turned over to face Jo, a smile wide on her face. The two leaned in for an affectionate, if awkward kiss. Pulling back Laura asked, “So, once I get some rest, we are going to continue, but maybe we take it a bit slower?”

Joe smiled, “Sounds good to me.”

Another kiss, then a quizzical question, “Also, why is it so damn hot in here?”

Jo reddened, "About that…”
