---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Moth to the Flame
authors:
- sfmaster@att.net
tags:
- F/f
- hotel
- oral
- spank
- paddle
- training
- strapon
- sex
- naked
- cuffs
- blindfold
- bond
- maid
- whip
- cons
- XX
date: 2020-11-28 00:00:00
---

### Part 2

I sat in the lobby of the Uniondale Marriott not knowing what to expect. I had made a room reservation the day before, and now I sat alone, waiting for Mistress Lois to arrive.

Would she come? Or would I get stood up as part of some test that she was performing on me?

Why had she told me to reserve a hotel room? I knew that she owned a house, and I certainly had one as well. So what did we need a hotel room for? If we were going to have a romantic tryst somewhere, surely there were better places to do so than a crowded Long Island hotel?

Glancing down at my watch, I found that it was already 1:30 PM, and my stomach growled from hunger. It was long past lunch, and I was hungry!

“Been waiting long?” asked Lois.

I glanced up from my watch. Mistress Lois was wearing a pink top and a pair of blue jeans, and a pair of white sneakers.

“No, Mistress,” I answered.

“Good, did you reserve a room?” she asked.

“Yes, Mistress. But I have a big enough house...”

“The first lesson you must learn is to obey my orders, Annette. So be a good little girl and get our room, please?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

I stood up and walked, quaking inside, over to registration. I registered, got the electronic keys, and walked back to Mistress Lois.

“I have the room, Mistress,” I told her quietly.

“Good, then let’s go upstairs, shall we?”

I then noticed that she was carrying a small gym bag. Did she have her bondage toys inside?

Once inside, Lois looked through the entire room, including the bathroom. She sat on the bed, and opened the Room Service menu that she had picked up from a table against the wall.

“Let’s order lunch, darling. What do you say about a burger and fries? I’m famished,” she said.

“We could have eaten in the restaurant downstairs,” I pointed out, “and it would have been a bit cheaper.”

“Nonsense, Mrs. Harmon. The whole purpose of us being here is to enjoy ourselves, and that should include room service. So why don’t you order us both lunch, and charge it to the room, while I look over what’s on TV.”

Nervously, I picked up the phone, and ordered two lunches of burgers and fries, complete with plenty of Coke to drink. By then, Lois had opened the TV cabinet, and was flipping through the channels. She settled on a preview channel that was running clips of the Adult offerings.

“I think that the Video revolution is just wonderful, don’t you agree? The idea that smut can be sent by satellite or played on tape – that’s what I call progress,” she said.

“Yes, Mistress.”

Finally, our lunches came. I signed the bill, tipped the bellman, and uncovered our burgers. I have to admit that I was very hungry by then.

“You may eat with your Mistress,” Lois said.

“Yes, Mistress,” I answered, not really sure what I was supposed to be doing.

We both dug into our meals, with the preview channel still on.

“You know,” Lois began, “I’ve never understood how hotels can claim that they lose money on their restaurants. The prices that they charge are outrageous! Yet they say they lose money – incredible!”

“I’m sure it must be more than that, Mistress.”

“I’ve stayed in a lot of hotels that don’t serve food – and they all seem to be placed next to a restaurant – that does really well,” said Lois, “good, one of the movies is coming on!”

She picked up the remote control and turned it onto a specific channel, then punched in a code to order the movie. Seconds later, the credits started to roll – and a naked man and woman were having sex in bed on the screen.

“Mistress, I don’t understand.”

“About what,” Lois answered.

“I thought that we were going to meet to start my training. I don’t understand why we’re in a hotel eating lunch and watching an Adult Film?”

“Simple, my dear. The first thing that any Divorce Attorney looks at is Credit Card charges. I’m sure that you’ll have a good explanation for taking a room on a Saturday afternoon with another woman, having lunch, then ordering an Adult movie.”

“Oh,” was all I could dumbly answer.

“Finish your lunch, Annette. That’s an order!” commanded Lois, who was having no problem eating.

Gingerly, I finished lunch, and eventually the trolley was placed outside in the hallway. I wondered what was going to happen next.

“Lunch was pretty good,” Lois observed, “but now let’s get onto the main course, now shall we?”

“Yes...yes, Mistress,” I stumbled in answering her.

“Stand up and take off your clothes,” Lois ordered.

Warily, I stood up off the double bed and began to strip. I pulled my shirt over my arms, and then removed my sneakers and socks. I was wearing shorts, and pulled them off as well. Finally, I removed my bra and panties, and stood naked in front of Lois.

“Very good, my dear. Now place your hands behind your neck, and open your legs. I want to inspect you.”

I breathed silently as Lois circled me a couple of times, then she pinched my nipple!

“Ouch!” I cried.

“Silence!”

She did it again, except this time I stayed quiet. Her fingernail traced a path down my tummy, then ever so lightly her index finger entered my sex.

“When was the last time your husband fucked you?” Lois bluntly asked.

“I don’t remember, Mistress,” I answered.

“Well, this is one cunt that I’ll enjoy fucking with a dildo,” Lois observed.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Turn round.”

Her hands traced themselves over my shoulder blades, down the small of my back, and then onto my bottom. She squeezed my fleshy globes in her hands.

“Ever been spanked?” Lois asked.

“No, Mistress,” I answered.

“It’s such a great form of discipline, my dear – and so personal. I’m sure that you’ll enjoy a red bottom, darling.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Bend over slightly,” she ordered.

I did so, and felt her hands spread my ass cheeks apart as she looked at my rear hole.

“Next time I’ll have a pair of rubber gloves and some Vaseline and feel up inside that asshole of yours,” she told me.

“Yes, Mistress,” I answered.

“Let me get undressed,” said Lois.

In short order, Lois was naked on the bed. She was a truly beautiful woman, almost model quality.

“There now,” she said as she sprawled on the bed. She had thrown back the covers and lay naked as I continued to stand.

“Come over here darling and lick my cunt,” she ordered.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“And don’t worry about my juices on the bed – I want the sheets wet!”

As I opened my mouth to begin servicing her, the reason was quite obvious. It would be just another piece of evidence for a Divorce Attorney about our lesbian hotel tryst.

“Make me come, darling, but not too quickly. One skill that you have to learn is how to sexually satisfy your Mistress. Failure to do so will result in your being punished!”

“Yes, Mistress.”

I spent the next hour eating her pussy and biting her clit, bringing her to orgasm several times. She moaned sharply wherever she came, her hands grabbing the sheets. I lay between her legs, feeding off her feminine juices and her musky erotic scent.

“That was very good, Annette,” said Lois, “That will be enough for now.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“You may go to the bathroom and clean yourself off, and then get a wet wash towel and clean my pussy.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

I washed my face off of her secretions, and then wet a small wash towel. I brought it into the bedroom, and washed off Lois’s pussy as ordered.

“Very good, dear. You know how to take orders,” she complimented me.

“Thank you, Mistress,” I answered.

“Now you can get over my lap, and I’ll spank that virgin bottom of yours.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

To say that I felt a little awkward and silly as I got over her lap and positioned myself for a spanking would be an understatement. Here, I was, a grown woman, about to be spanked like a child!

Swat! Swat! Swat!

Her hand struck my bottom again and again. If this was going to be my introduction to discipline, then so be it. I guess that I couldn’t be whipped the first time!

Swat! Swat! Swat!

Lois changed the strokes each time that she began a new series to cover as much territory as possible on my bottom as she spanked me.

Swat! Swat! Swat!

“Feeling good, Annette?” Lois asked.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Good, then we can proceed onto the paddle.”

She produced a leather paddle which I assume had been in her gym bag, Lois then offered it to my lips.

“Kiss it, Annette, and then thank your Mistress for the punishment that you are about to receive.”

“Thank...thank you, Mistress,” I stuttered after I had kissed the Paddle as ordered.

“It’s alright to be scared, darling,” Lois comforted me, “I know that this is all very strange. But you’ll quickly learn to obey me, and serve me as ordered.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

Crack!

The first stroke of the Paddle against my already sensitized bottom was like a cannon shot going off, or at least I thought so. In truth, it was probably no stronger than the last few spanks that I had endured. But there was something different about the Mistress using an implement of some kind. I thought that it was a foretaste or more and harder bondage to come.

Crack! Crack! Crack!

Lois continued to paddle away at my bottom, varying her strokes as before. I chanced a look at myself in the bedroom mirror. Seeing myself naked, draped over the lap of another naked woman who was disciplining me was quite a shock!

Crack! Crack! Crack!

“Now I didn’t ask you for a safeword, Annette, since I’m really not going to use you hard enough to cause you pain. You will be reminded every time for the next few days whenever you sit down about today – but outside of a red ass, you will heal quickly,”

“Yes, Mistress,” I answered.

Crack! Crack! Crack!

Even during our conversation, my paddling continued.

“Later on, when I take the crop and whip to you, I’ll teach you about a safe word. That way, I’ll never use you past your limits, or actually hurt you.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

Crack! Crack! Crack!

“There now! Enough for today!” Lois announced, “on your knees, slave!”

I got off her lap, and then onto my knees on the floor.

“Legs open, hands on your knees, and head down,” Lois ordered.

“Yes, Mistress.”

I did as I told, and got on the floor in the manner described.

“You seem to be very submissive, Annette. How you ever had a Dominatrix use you before?”

“No, Mistress. But I am in a lesbian relation with my friend Vera.”

“So you have had to satisfy another woman sexually before?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Very good. I’m sure that you will be quite submissive – especially when I take a whip to you.”

“Yes, Mistress.” I could feel the goose pimples on my naked flesh.

“Scared of the whip, Annette?”

“Yes...yes, Mistress. I’m afraid that it will hurt,” I answered.

“Of course it will hurt, Annette. That’s the idea behind being punished! You don’t think that I’m going to use a feather duster on you!” she laughed.

“No, Mistress.”

“Good then, just so we understand each other. You are going to give your naked body to me, and I am going to use it in any way that I desire. That includes your mouth and that wonderful cunt of yours, along with your breasts and every other part of your womanly body. I have all sorts of lovely sex toys that are going to drive you wild, my dear.”

“Thank you, Mistress.”

Lois stood up from the bed, and removed a complicated series of straps from the gym bag. It was the same dildo harness that Vera owned! Lois strapped the harness around her loins, and soon she sported a huge erection!

“On the bed and open your legs, Annette,” Lois ordered.

In all my years of sex, from my first deflowering as a teenager to my lovemaking with Vera, I had never before been ordered around so coldly. Sex, after all, is supposed to be tender and loving between two people.

“What are you waiting for, an invitation? Flowers and chocolate?”

I obeyed, and got onto the bed and opened my legs.

Lois then unrolled a rubber condom onto the phallus, and I could see that it wasn’t the lubricated kind.

“I hope that you’re a wet slut,” said Lois, “since this is a dry condom. This will be for not obeying me fast enough. Do you understand?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“I don’t like to tolerate disobedience from my slaves – but since you’re still new to all this, I’ll let it go by. As my slave, that means you have to obey me completely! Failure to do so will mean either that you don’t want to serve me – or that you totally misunderstand what sex slavery really means. In which case you’re in the wrong place, missy.”

“Yes, Mistress, I’ll obey you quicker from now on.”

“That’s better, Annette. Now open your legs.”

She stalked me like a cat, and she gradually covered my body with hers. I could smell her musk which excited me totally.

The tip of the phallus probed between my legs, and gradually found its way into my moistened tunnel. Lois did not ram the cock into my cunt – rather she pushed it inside gradually. I opened my legs farther to accommodate her, and moaned when the cock had sunk all the way to it’s hilt.

“Aaaaaaah!” I cried.

“Quite a slut, aren’t you, my dear?”

“Yes, Mistress,” I answered.

Lois then began to piston the phallus in and out of my sex, sinking it inside me, and then withdrawing it, then repeating it once again!

“Much better than a man, isn’t it?” Lois asked.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Men sooner or later come or wear themselves out. A rubber cock, on the other hand, stays hard forever!”

“Aaaaaah!” I cried.

The combination of my red bottom, and the cock between my legs had produced a pain/pleasure feeling that I had never experienced before. I moaned with each thrust into my cunt.

“I have many things to teach you my dear – the price is surrendering your body to me. Are you willing to pay that price?”

“Yes, Mistress,” I moaned.

“No matter what it might cost you?”

“No, Mistress. I want to be your slave.”

“Very well then!”

Mistress Lois continued to fuck me with the rubber dildo for what seemed endless hours. I came time after time, moaning as each orgasm rolled over me in what seemed like an endless tidal wave of climaxes engulfed me.

Finally, I was exhausted, and we lay together, sweating. Lois removed the harness and unrolled the condom into the wastebasket.

“Let’s take a little nap,” said Lois, as she curled up next to me.

I fell asleep in her arms, softly snoring.

---

After our first tryst in the hotel, we had met there another Saturday afternoon and had repeated the events of our first meeting, except that we had packed a bag and some additional clothing and stayed the night.

Mistress Lois had even ordered me to pack a little black dress, and we had danced in the hotel disco together. We had eaten in our room, made love, and I had been spanked, cropped, and then fucked again with her dildo.

I had left a trail a mile wide that any divorce attorney could detect, but then again, I didn’t care. My husband totally ignored me sexually. I had tried everything to seduce him into having sex. But he wasn’t interested in me!

I wouldn’t have minded if he had been having an affair with another woman, or gambling, or even drinking! Instead he seemed only to care about his damn job, and all of his business trips. I even accused him of having a woman in each city that he visited, and he just laughed!

So I didn’t mind it in the least if Mistress Lois paddled my bottom until I had a hard time sitting down, or her fucking my cunt with a rubber strap on dildo until my cunt ached. I was getting more sex with her than I had with my husband in months – maybe a year!

---

Our next meeting was rather mysterious. I assumed that I would go to her house, and that she would have a bondage dungeon downstairs.

Instead, I took a cab to a donut shop, and was met there by a man. He made me wear a pair of dark glasses, and we drove around for at least an hour before we arrived at a house in the middle of nowhere.

He motioned me towards the entrance, then drove off.

I walked to the door, which was opened by a girl dressed in a black rubber Maid’s uniform.

“You are expected, Annette. If you would please accompany me upstairs?”

“Yes,” I answered, “of course. Is Mistress Lois here?”

“No questions, please. I am to prepare you.”

“I understand.”

Being prepared meant exactly the same thing that it did in D/s novels. The Maid gave me a bath, dried my hair, then collared and braceleted me, applied perfume to my breasts and between my thighs, and finally placed a pair of heels on my feet.

My hands were locked behind my back, and a blindfold cut off my sight. I was prepared to be gagged, but none was placed in my mouth. I supposed that first timers got it easy!

Instead of being leashed, the maid grabbed hold of my arm and walked me into a room. She forced me to my knees, and I awaited further developments. They didn’t take long to occur!

The blindfold was removed, and I saw that Mistress Lois was seated in a high wooden chair that looked like a throne!

“Thank you, Catherine,” said Lois.

“Yes, Mistress,” said the maid as she departed, I could hear the rustle of the rubber as she walked.

“Where am I?” I asked.

“In the palace of your dreams, slave. Here, you shall experience submission.”

“I thought that we were going to meet at your house?”

“You thought that I had a playroom in my house? In crowded Great Neck?” Lois laughed, “with the houses so packed together?”

“Then where are we?” I asked.

“Since this is your first time here, I will tolerate your questions. This house belongs to a wealthy female slave of mine. I use it to dominate her – along with my other submissives.”

“So you have a dungeon after all, Mistress.”

“Whatever you want to call it. Dungeon, playroom, they are all the same thing. Either way, it provides the necessary quiet for my activities.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“You can still back out if you want to,” Lois offered, “there’s nothing keeping you here – except yourself.”

“I understand, Mistress.”

“I’m going to have you fill out a checklist of sexual activities for me, since I will not force you to do anything that you don’t want.”

“Yes, Mistress, I have heard of such things.”

“After that, prepare yourself to be bound and whipped.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

I tugged at the leather bonds holding my wrists together. Made of steel and leather, they were more than adequate to hold a naked girl in bondage. However, I was held there by something a lot stronger than steel!

It was my desire to be a slave to Mistress Lois that held me captive!

“Have you chosen your safeword?”

“Yes, Mistress. I choose slut.”

“As you wish. Catherine will now have you fill out the checklist. Afterwards, you may prepare to be whipped!”

---

Whoever the owner of the house was, they certainly didn’t lack for money! I was in an actual dungeon!

The basement walls were all decorated in stone (was it false – I would have to be chained to the walls to find out); along with the floor as well. There were all sorts of things to punish naked girls – I noticed spreader bars, handcuffs, gags, and all sorts of crops, whips, and paddles hanging from the wall. Quite a collection indeed.

Catherine had made me complete a checklist, and I indicated what sort of bondage that I would be experiencing with Mistress Lois. She refused to answer my questions – and then I recognized her!

Catherine had been a well known member of the LI social set until she had dropped out of sight a few years ago. Previously, she had been active in the arts, the horsey set, and charity functions. Then, mysteriously, she had vanished! She no longer returned anybody’s calls, and in time, was forgotten.

Here she was, wearing a rubber maid’s outfit, serving as Mistress Lois’s slave – as I soon would be!

Catherine was heir to a modest fortune that her parents had left her – an only child she had been expected to marry. Like me, she had worked for a major Manhattan firm. However, after she had vanished, she had soon been overlooked by us.

“Get ready,” said Catherine.

“Yes,” I told her.

Was there the flash of recognition in her eye? Surely she must have recognized me – we had attended any number of events together – from boring dinners to yacht races. Instead, she was now a slave – as her leather collar attested!

I was hanging by my leather wrist bracelets, and my ankles were opened by a spreader bar. I was totally exposed, and my feet were just touching the cold stone floor.

Set in the wall was a mirror, and I looked closely at my wracked femininity. I was naked, vulnerable, and in chains! There was no part of me that couldn’t be reached by the whip, or by Lois with her probing hands.

I had no doubt either that soon her fingers would be caressing and fondling my naked body. She would be pinching my nipples, feeling my ass, and placing her fingers in my cunt.

Of course, this was all totally voluntary. I could, at any time, ask to leave, and my chains would be removed and I would be set free. Free, all right – to a life of boredom and disappointment!

“Daydreaming, slave?” asked Lois.

She was wearing a black leather corset, panties, and thigh-high leather boots, and carrying a whip!

“You look beautiful, Mistress Lois.”

“Thank you, Annette. You will soon have a chance to scream out your submission to me. Do you like your surroundings?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“I could never afford something like this myself. But it's so nice that I have a patron who is willing to indulge my interests – and hers.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Every home should have a playroom in the basement, don’t you agree?”

“Yes, Mistress,” I quickly answered.

“Much more entertaining than either a TV room or a pool table. I’m sure that a lot of Long Island women would discover their submissive sides, if given a few strokes with a crop.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Have you ever been whipped before?”

“No, Mistress.”

“Are you afraid of the whip?”

“Yes, Mistress, very much so.”

“But you have consented to be whipped – why?”

“Because I want to be your slave, Mistress. I trust that you will not hurt me.”

“I am quite skilled with the whip, darling. I shall not even break your skin. But it will hurt more than you can possibly imagine.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“What is your safeword?”

“Slut, Mistress.”

“Good, I don’t want you to forget it.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Kiss the whip and thank your Mistress for the punishment that you are about to receive.”

“Thank you, Mistress Lois for accepting this lowly slave to punish,” I said as my lips caressed the woven leather that made up the handle.

“Very good, slut. It will not be necessary for you to count out each stroke – that will be a for later, when you have become more experienced.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

A line of what felt like fire etched itself across my naked bottom as I felt the first kiss of the leather. A second soon followed! Then another! And another!

How can I express my feelings about being whipped? Nice girls, I was taught while growing up, were expected to be good wives and sex partners for their husbands. Instead, I was bored, and found greater sexual fulfillment with my lesbian partner, Vera. But even that wasn’t enough! My pussy was made wet by the idea of bondage – to serve a harsh, leather clad Dominatrix.

So here I was, in a stone basement dungeon on LI, being whipped by a leather Mistress, who was being attended by a woman who I once knew in a different setting entirely!

Lois slowly circled around me, her arm drawing the whip back before each stroke, then forward. The thin leather wound itself around my naked flesh, striking my breasts, thighs, and even my exposed and opened pussy!

I knew that my nipples were hard and my pussy was wet! I had never felt so afraid, or so sexually alive before! Every time that I would see Lois draw her hand back, I knew that I would be in for another stroke. But I stayed silent, gritting my teeth.

Against the wall, I had noted a few ball-gags hanging. How I wished that I could be gagged! I had heard that being gagged while punished added a new dimension to punishment.

“Are you all right, slave?” Lois asked.

“Yes, Mistress, please continue whipping me?” I begged.

“As you wish.”

Crack!

One stroke after another left its mark on my naked girl flesh, and I could feel the sweat begin to form and run down my body! The droplets fell between my breasts, my shoulder blades, my ass, and my pussy!

I glanced at the mirror, and saw myself as a picture of wracked femininity. The ribs below my skin were clearly visible as my feet touched the stone floor.

“Not quite so elegant now, are you?” Lois asked.

“Mistress?”

“Do you own any designer clothing?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“And have you ever attended one of those societal functions?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“So you are a rich bitch – do you have a house in the Hamptons?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

She was taunting me! I was both the society woman – and the slave! I may have had a closet full of Gucci, Dior, and Lauren – but it was she who held the whip that so captivated me!

“But you are my slave?”

“Yes, Mistress!”

Crack!

One especially hard stroke had impacted itself against my body, and I cried out in pain.

“All right, dear?” Lois asked.

“Yes, Mistress.”

She began to pinch my right nipple, and I began to moan with pain and pleasure at the same time. Her fingers traced the outlines of my breasts, and I had never felt anything more sensual in my entire life. Her hand then ran down my tummy, eventually to the cleft between my legs. I stood rock still as she inserted her finger into my cleft.

“My, what a wet slut you are!” Lois commented.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Clean yourself off my fingers,” Lois ordered.

I licked my secretions off of her fingers.

“Is this better than riding a horse?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“How submissive you are?” Lois observed, “tell me, is there another reason for your willingness to serve me?”

“Only that I want to be your slave, Mistress.”

“But is there another reason?”

“No, Mistress,” I lied.

I had told Lois that I wanted to be her slave because my husband had been sexually ignoring me, and I had always wanted to serve a Mistress. What I had not told her was what I was going to do next with my husband – when he would discover just what I was doing sexually in my spare time!

Later on Catherine gave me a bath in preparation for bedding Mistress Lois, who insisted that she only liked clean, bathed slaves to take to bed – not sweaty ones just freshly punished!

I then found myself in bed with Lois. Between her legs, I serviced her moist cunt, my tongue and teeth active on her lips and clit, and I drove her to one orgasm after another. Lois moaned and bucked under my attentions, and she tapped a crop on my back from time to time to remind me to satisfy her – which I had no trouble doing in the least.

Then she put the strap-on dildo onto her thighs, and I lay on the bed, my legs open to receive her latex cock inside me. Lois plunged the cock into my sex, and now it was my turn to moan with pleasure.

Soon, the bed was a mess of mussed sheets, sweat, and feminine secretions. We were both tired, and fell asleep in each other’s arms.

The next day, Catherine bathed me again, and helped me to dress.

“Catherine,” I whispered, “don’t you recognize me? I’m Annette! We used to socialize together?”

“Yes,” she replied softly, “I remember you.”

“What happened to you?” I asked.

“Isn’t that obvious?” she answered, “I became a slave to Mistress Lois, just as you will be.”

“But how?”

“I discovered that my life was boring, and deadly dull. I was bored with normal sex, so I went looking for something new. I found it as a slave!”

“But to be a maid in your own house? And to have Lois use it for her slaves!”

“I was the very first woman whipped in the dungeon, and kept chained there for weeks. Far better to be a slave in chains and happy than to be unhappy and free!” she declared.

I didn’t know how to respond to her statement. She had given up the life of a socialite to serve in her own house as a slave to a Mistress. I wondered what marks that she bore on her body from serving Lois.

Marks that I would one day bear myself!
