---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Protecting the Toys
authors:
- Yoni Steele
tags:
- M-f+
- packing crate
- delivery
- transport
- cons
- X
date: 2004-03-01 00:00:00
---

I really enjoy my job.  I take care of women who are packaged and
delivered for a fun time in a hotel room, home, apartment, and sometimes
even an office.  I can’t think of a better job in the world. 
The women of Aman are all beautiful, sexy creatures.  Some are tall,
but most are petite; some of them have dark hair (actually, most of them
fall into that category as they are predominantly oriental), some are redheads,
and some are blondes.  And they are all luscious.

There are considerable differences in the length of the drives to the
customers so I don’t get to spend as much time with some of the ladies
as I do with others, but I do my best to make sure that they are warm and
safe no matter how long the trip might be.

What is particularly enjoyable is that these are all “working women.” 
As I’ve already mentioned, they are all incredibly sexy.  And for
the most part, they are also delightfully naked!  Oh, yes, sometimes
they are dressed in really sexy lingerie – stockings (the old-fashioned
kind, not those sexless pantyhose), garter belts, “barely there” panties
(I think that the crotchless ones and lace bikinis are especially appealing),
very sexy bras, corsets, lace or satin teddies, and maybe shockingly high
heeled shoes – but there is a lot of variety here, even though they usually
aren’t wearing much!  It all depends on what the customer wants, not
what the lady wants.

But the women, often referred to as toys, all get off on it.  They
all like what they do, and frequently take the opportunity afforded them
by the trip to “warm up” – and I’m sure you know what I mean by that! 
Since I’m not up in the front seat driving, I’ve got a bird’s-eye view
of the proceedings.  In fact, not one of those beauties has ever given
me a second thought!  I suppose that you get a little brazen when
you are in the business of selling your body for pleasure.  And modesty
goes out the window.

So what have I seen?  Well, for the most part, they will dip their
fingers in the honey pot, stirring up the fires.  I guess that helps
to keep them warm, too.  It certainly puts them in the right mood.

A surprisingly large number of them like to play with their own boobs,
too.  But I suppose when you think about it, who knows better than
them what feels best?  It’s really nice to watch the girls who lick
and suck their own nipples.  In a way, that is pure torture for me
since I can’t do anything like that for them.  But then I’m the one
who is working during the trip; they are just there for the ride. 
Oh well.  At least I can watch!

However, not all of the ladies can spend time playing with themselves
during the trip.  On many occasions, the ladies are rather tightly
fettered for the trip to their destination.  (It just isn’t convenient
to tie them up in the truck, either during the trip or upon arrival.) 
I’m sure that they would prefer to be bound just prior to arriving, rather
than having to endure the entire trip that way – hmm, better be careful
with that statement, most of the girls really enjoy being tied up. 
I can tell by the looks on their faces.  And more than a few of them
actually cum just from being knotted up!

Well, I have to be honest.  I really like seeing them bound up,
too.  And there is more variety in their bondage than there is in
their lingerie!  I don’t know who gets to tie them up before they
are shipped off to meet their client, but he – or she – does a very nice
job.  The rope work is amazing.  If they are roped, it is a certainty
that there will be at least one very tight cord cutting between their pussy
lips.  Sometimes they are nicely bound in a most uncomfortable, but
symmetric manner.  The ball tie is quite common, and so is the hogtie. 
The asymmetric ties have to be the most unbearable though.

One lovely lady, named Akehla, in particular ends up in the most outrageous
positions.  She has a very sweet, almond-shaped face: sharply angled,
very dark eyes, petite nose, thin, pink lips, and pitch black hair that
is a stark contrast to her very pale skin.  Her shapely, slender body
is always contorted into the most awful positions.  For example, her
sleek legs are always twisted in different directions, her left leg might
be bent sideways as though she were doing a split, but bent back so her
foot is tied to her other thigh, while her right leg is also spread out,
but pointed straight upwards and bent down at the knee so that foot is
also tied flat against the same thigh, but on the outside.  It looks
a bit like a broken scissors.  The knee is tightly corded against
her chest to keep her from moving it if she gets cramps.  Her arms
are also roped in opposite directions.  One arm goes up and is then
bent back down at the elbow so the hand rests behind the shoulder blade
where it is securely tied to the other arm which was simply wrenched down
behind the back and then pulled up to meet the other.  The right bicep,
which is pointed upwards is tied immovably to her thigh, while the other
elbow is connected via a taut cord to the knee that sticks out to the side,
to guarantee that any motion of one limb stresses the other in an agonizing
fashion.  An additional web of rope around her chest sets off her
lovely, full, pear-shaped tits, separating them and pinching them at the
base, so they stand straight out for immediate access by the customer when
she arrives.

A coil of rope around her narrow waist is like a corset, so tight that
it further pushes her chest upwards and out.  And of course, there
is the obligatory chastity bind; a pair of vertical ropes that join the
front and rear of the waist rope through the V of her crotch are so tight
and buried so deeply that they can’t even be seen in the crevice between
her swollen, crimson pussy petals nor between her ripe, full bottom cheeks. 
Yes, that one definitely has to be painful, especially if the destination
is up in the hills over some very rough, unpaved roads!  Then add
an over-sized, ivory dildo.  Ouch!  It’s not surprising that
Akehla is also gagged while being transported in such painfully tied poses! 
The noise of her shrieks would certainly annoy the driver.  (I know
that they would not all be shrieks of pain, however!  In fact, it
is obvious that she loves to be bound in such awful ways because her nipples
are as hard as pebbles and her flowering pussy glistens with thick nectar. 
And it is common for her body to suddenly rock with convulsions several
times during the journey; the look of rapture on her face reveals all!)

But it isn’t all rope-play.  The company also has a tremendous
supply of straps of varying widths, and they are applied for maximum discomfort:
broad waist belts that almost cut a poor, unfortunate woman in two; crotch
ribbons that are so narrow that they are like a knife edge; wrist, elbow,
ankle, knee, and thigh cuffs that completely disable the limbs; body harnesses
that render the victim helpless and enhance the curves of her body; and
breast harnesses that accentuate the shape of the lovely lady’s boobs at
the same time that they are capturing the soft, fleshy globes and squeezing
them like vices in a mesh of criss-crossing straps.  And the company
can satisfy nearly any customer fetish as all of those bondage devices
are stocked in rubber, leather, and even steel.  I suspect that being
wrapped up in chains for the whole trip is probably the worst.  On
a couple of occasions, I am sure that the combined weight of the steel
corset, chastity belt, bra, and chains was considerably greater than the
poor vixen ensnared and locked within them!

And lastly, some of the women are mummified.  However, they never
have the pleasure of being in a straight cocoon.  They are always
bent, either at the knees or at the waist, ensuring their discomfort. 
Plastic wrap is the most common method for gift wrapping the toys of Aman,
and that has to be very hot, especially if the trip lasts more than an
hour.  Alternatively, the girls might be totally ensheathed in leather
or rubber.  The rubber is also very hot, like the plastic, but it
is a bit more flexible; on the other hand, leather “breathes” so it might
not be as hot for the packaged toy, but the material is very stiff and
is probably quite unpleasant because the imprisoned female simply won’t
be able to move at all.  (In fact, one of the body harnesses is actually
a full body, leather corset, heavily boned its entire length!  That
devious garment was custom crafted for a curvaceous beauty who is simply
referred to as “the Geisha.”  I’ve heard that she is the most beautiful
of all of the women employed by Aman, but I wouldn’t know as I’ve never
truly seen her.  She is always covered completely in red leather,
from bent toe-tip to the crown of her head, and the only part of her that
I’ve ever seen is her mane of exquisite black hair which pops out the top
hole of the helmet.  Her arms are confined behind her back in a single
glove, while her legs are bent back at the knee so she is tormented by
the most rigid hogtie conceivable.  She even returns to Aman in that
condition!)

There is one item that is sometimes used to wrap a woman that truly
amuses me, but it is used infrequently.  Several times I had the joy
of safe-guarding a worker encased in a chrysalis of bubble wrap, from head
to toe!  Although totally enshrouded, the sensuous curves of the women
were plainly visible.  And occasionally a plastic bubble would burst
with a loud “crack!” startling the imprisoned female, much to my personal
delight.  But despite the occasional, unexpected bubble burst, I suppose
that that is the most humane method of delivery, as the lady is very much
isolated from the bumps and jolts of the road.  Unfortunately, she
is also isolated from any kind of stimulation that might bring her the
least bit of pleasure!  So in a way, it actually might be the most
devious and wicked form of mummification.  But as I mentioned earlier,
being totally captive and helpless is as erotic for most of those ladies,
as being sexually played with is for others.  But the company knows
all their foibles, and selects them for their assignments with that in
mind.

In any event, I am there to take care of them and serve as the witness
of their agony or ecstasy, whichever the case might be.  If they are
in awkward, uncomfortable bondage, too bad.  At least I’ll keep them
from moving all over the back end of the truck.  If they aren’t bound,
then I simply enjoy their company whether they choose to simply meditate
over their arranged date or to sample their own honey.  But no matter
what the circumstances, it is virtually certain that I’ll be enjoying the
smell of their sweet sex syrup because they all will be hot before they
arrive at the client’s door.

Ah, yes, it sure is nice to be an over-sized, reusable box with a woman
inside!
