---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/ponygirl/storieslr/lizs_new_life2.html
subcategory: Giantess & Shrinking
title: Liz's New Life
authors:
- Wolven
tags:
- FF
- cons
- X
date: 2023-11-09 00:00:00
---

### **Chapter 2: Down the Rabbit Hole**

Liz manoeuvred past her driver and slid onto the bench seat, she lifted one ankle then the other bringing her feet to rest of the spacious floor in a ladylike manner of someone who had been to finishing school.

Liz heard the driver’s door close, the engine start and as they pulled away the driver’s voice over a speaker said, “Make yourself comfortable, Miss Liz.”

Liz’s hands started to stroke the leather of the seat she was resting on, its soft smooth texture had a luxury that made her feel warm with arousal and she thought to herself “That won’t be difficult.”

Liz took in her surroundings; she was effectively alone as there was a tinted glass wall between her and the driver, the LED lighting provided a warm and inviting environment and she was sitting on an L shaped bench seat that could comfortably hold 8 people. Liz could easily stretch out and still have room for more and her arousal grew as she pondered how the tinted windows offered her complete privacy while in plain view of outside and the temptation to strip naked seeped into her mind. She could remove every stitch of clothing and writhe naked while the soft leather kissed her subtle skin bringing her closer and closer to ecstasy with no one the wiser to the sinful pleasure she was deriving.

The soft voice of the driver came over the speaker annoyingly snapping Liz out of her erotic daydream, “Miss Liz, I believe to your right in the cabinet there is a bottle of wine for you should you wish a beverage of sociable nature, as well as a communication resting beside it.

Liz took a moment to regain her composure then slid off the seat and onto her knees kneeling before the wooden cabinet. When the cabinet was opened there was indeed a crystal decanter of red wine and nestled between the rows of stemless wine glasses a gold envelope that was clearly addressed to her. Feelingcheated out of the bottle she had purchased in anticipation of a relaxing Friday night, Liz poured herself a very generous glass. Her mind turned back to her daydream and envisioned herself drinking her beverage kneeling on the floor like a good submissive should but thought better of it, as she was alone, this limo had obviously been ordered for her and she should enjoy the comforts it offered, besides there was nobody else here to appreciate the act.

Liz felt a warm tingling sensation after temptation got the better of her when she snatched the envelope from between the glasses, lifted her skirt allowing the buttery leather to kiss her posterior and thighs and slid back onto the seat where she wriggled and snuggled into its soft leathery embrace.

Having previously worked in the wine industry Liz could tell from her first sip the contents of the glass was more than a step above what she would with her limited pay check. The earthy smell that wafted from the rounded glass was pleasing to her olfactory and sweet blood red liquid gave her tongue that wonderfully velvety texture on her tongue. Sheloved that feeling especially when her fantasy took hold again with a vision of her kneeling on the floor of the limousine before James and hungrily taking him in her mouth. Memories of previous interludes they had together caused her to smile. She knew James would enjoy the cat-like sensation the wine had given her tongue and she began to feel a wetness between her legs as thoughts of bringing him that pleasure aroused her.

The motion of the car completing a turn again snapped Liz out of her fantasy. She took another sip of her drink and thought to herself that having someone go to these lengths for her to be comfortable is flattering but she wished that someone else was here for her to share it, whom she could take into her wanting mouth, someone she could rub the velvet texture the tannins of the wine had given her tongue against, someone who would be worth kneeling on the floor and whom she could bless with her sensual nature. She wished James was here, his hands on the back of her head while she took his smooth cock deep into her mouth. She loved how gently running his fingers through her long thick red hair as she strived to reach the base of his shaft would give her chills. He had never forced her head down but instead inspired her through positive affirmation and his physical responses displaying he was enjoying what she was doing; yeah, she loved the satisfaction hjs touch brought and she loved him for the pride and self respect he brought her.

Liz took another sip of her wine savouring its taste and felt another feeling, a warm sensation sweeping over her before opening the envelope addressed to her.

> Liz:
>
> I hope you are enjoying your wine and you may want to extend a thank you to the lady sitting in front of you as she was kind enough to both purchase it for you as well as put it through a decanter to help draw out its full flavour.
>
> Depending on your choices the events that will unfold this weekend may take longer than you have free time. I have reached out to your employer and have “briefed” them of your situation and do not expect you back to work for a “few days”.
>
> You don’t need to worry about the cats as I have made arrangements with your landlady and she has assured me they are in good hands.
>
> All of your commitments have been taken care of so you can relax and enjoy the adventure as you tumble down the rabbit hole, Alice.
>
> I understand I am taking liberties here, but I am sure you will thank me.
>
> Eventually
>
> James

She lifted her glass in appreciation; indeed, she was enjoying the wine. Liz wasn’t sure how to take the rest of the message, sure she had a warehouse job, but it paid the bills, it paid for her rent and she still had enough funds left over to buy a cheap bottle of wine and some take away. She would be quite upset if after this excursion she were to come back to work only to find she was unemployed.

Liz felt the vehicle slow and gently turn right into a parking lot where her driver parked the limo so smoothly it barely disturbed the liquid in her glass. She heard the driver's voice come over the speakers of the living compartment of the vehicle, “If you will excuse me Miss Liz, there is a package here I have been instructed to pick up for you.” And with that the driver exited the limo.

Liz, never one to be left behind, set her drink down, grabbed her beige suede jacket and her purse and promptly exited the limo as well. Hearing the white passenger door close caused Liz’s chauffeur to stop and turn around. Liz had her first opportunity to observe the young woman who it would seem will be shuttling her here, there and everywhere but never knowing where they were going or why, until they arrived. Liz started from the ground noting the three inch stiletto black shiny heels the girl was wearing were definitely not cheap. Liz observed the girl was wearing black stockings over muscular legs that would make her ballet students jealous though wearing white ones would have made the definition easier to see but obviously wouldn’t have gone with the rest of the “limo driver” uniform.

Moving her gaze further up her chauffeur was wearing a black tight skirt that hugged the girl’s nicely rounded hips that ended just above mid-thigh. Her driver was wearing a white tuxedo shirt and a black bow tie over which she covered with a black suit jacket. The girl looked to be in her early twenties, had a lean frame, stood about five foot four inches tall and had a long neck with an oval shaped face. Liz couldn’t tell what colour her eyes were as she was wearing sunglasses. The driver had glossy chestnut brown shoulder length hair that was pulled neatly into a tight braid. The chauffeur flat cap rounded out the young lady’s ensemble and paired with the heels gave the outward illusion she was six inches taller than Liz’s five foot five inches. The only contrast in colour to the black and white she was wearing was in the ruby red lip gloss on her pencil thin lips that Liz was tempted to ask where she got it as she had to admit it was eye catching.

The girl stopped in front of Liz, her feet planted shoulder width apart. Liz tilted her head to one side and smirked thinking the thin girl in front of her was coming across more waifish than intimidating. “Miss Liz, I need you to stay with the car.”

This Miss Liz thing was beginning to wear on Liz’s nerves. Liz doubted if the girl even knew the “Miss” was a term of respect shown to dance teachers and that it was actually an abbreviation of the word Mistress. “Ok, this Miss Liz thing is beginning to wear thin and I need you to stop saying it.”

Her driver replied, “Unfortunately Miss Liz I can’t and if you would be so kind?” She held the limo door open and indicated she should re-enter the vehicle.

Liz stopped to think on the brunette’s words before deciding a more cordial approach would reap better results, “Please, just call me Liz.”

The girl's reply was simply, “I am sorry but my instructions are very specific in that I am not to call you Liz.”

Her instructions? From whom? Liz felt her blood pressure rising, though she may be a submissive she was not a doormat and if James was going to take another into his “care” she would have wished to have been consulted about it first. Liz paused, and thought to herself “I am sure there is a perfectly logical explanation to this, one I look forward to hearing and then I am going to whack him with a pointe shoe.

Liz broached a compromise to the young girl, “Ok, you are forbidden from calling me Liz, yes?” The girl nodded the affirmative. “Were you instructed to specifically call me”, she cringed “Miss Liz?” The girl shifted slightly and Liz speculated she was probably sifting through the list of instructions of what she could and could not do and trying to identify if her orders specified if she was bound to oblige. After a long pause she shook her head in the negative. “Ok we are making some progress here”, Liz said “Would you agree it would be acceptable to shorten it from Miss Liz, to just Miss?”

The woman pursed her lips, clearly torn between the risk of deviating from her mandate given to her from her Dom, and making the woman in front of her, her passenger, happy and comfortable. Ultimately, she decided Liz’s happiness was worth the risk of punishment and said, “I think I can agree to that, Miss L…”, Liz’s stern look stopped her in mid-sentence, “Miss.”

“Now please Miss, if you would be so kind as to indulge me by returning to the car. There is a timetable I am expected to maintain,” the girl stated almost pleadingly as she gestured to the open car door.

Liz knew she wasn’t being fair to the girl, but there was one more point she felt needed to be addressed. “Before I do, we have established what I am to be called but we have not determined what I am to call you. What is your name?” The girl removed and pocketed her glass before looking back at Liz with big brown eyes, there was a hint of a smile that touched her face as she thought about her name only caused her eyes to take on a sparkle. Finally, she simply replied, “Dear.”

Liz dumbfounded over where this conversation was going retorted “Of course you are.”

The girl’s smile was replaced by a quizzical one and asked “Miss?”

To which Liz’s reply was “Nothing, Dear” and made her way back to the waiting limo, as she decided this conversation had concluded.

Liz watched from the confines of the limo as the girl walked towards a Japanese restaurant on the other side of the parking lot, the grace of her movement and her lean form were clear indications she had received dance training from somewhere and questions began to cloud her mind such as “I wonder who her teacher was,'' and “Maybe she does know the meaning of Miss.”

Liz was snapped out of her distracted speculation when Dear opened the limo door after returning to the car. “Here Miss, I have been told these are things you enjoy,” and proceeded to hand Liz a bag of containers.

Liz thought to herself “Ohhhh prezzies.” After making herself comfortable on the bench seat, pouring herself a fresh glass of wine began to rummage through the bag she had been handed. The bag certainly did contain things she enjoyed. There was salmon sashimi, cheese wontons; there were sushi rolls of various descriptions, coconut shrimp tempura and the one thing only someone who knows her well would have ordered, a large container of pickled ginger. Liz looked at the bounty of food before her and giggled, because she knew if James was here she would have looked at him and said “Blackadder, Where’s my prezzy?” But he was not, and it saddened her slightly knowing would be eating this alone.

Liz suspected there was a sound system that linked her and Dear as a wall of thick glass separated them and said apparently to herself, “Dear, I am going to save some of this for you, it is more than I can eat.”

To which she heard the young lady’s voice over a speaker “Oh no Miss, that is for you. I have food waiting for me at…” she paused “I have dinner waiting for me as well, enjoy.” Liz knitted her eyebrows with curiosity.

The car pulled out of the parking lot and sped down the road though with the vehicle soundly in Dear’s control Liz barely felt it accelerate. Liz sat down to enjoy her bounty and beverage, she watched as familiar buildings gave way to rural farms and finally Dear sped onto a highway. The soft vibration of the limo moving unimpeded along the highway paired with her food and beverage was making Liz feel a little drowsy, so she put them aside, stretched out on the bench seat that was long enough to hold her outstretched form with room to spare, she wriggled into the soft smooth leather and the seat cradled her while her mind shifted to the a wanting of James’s embrace as she drifted off.
