---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/partying_with_hanna_and_emma.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Partying with Hanna and Emma
authors:
- Nightgerbil
tags:
- F/f+
- fpov
- chastity
- buttplug
- chain
- collar
- public
- cons
- X
date: 2024-11-11 00:00:00
---

It had been just two days since Emma had left me tied to a park bench in the rain. By the time Hanna had arrived to rescue me, I’d been soaked through and tormented by my hair. Barely loosening in its sock bun, it had become a sodden uncomfortably heavy ball on top of my weary head. My tears, mixed with my makeup and Emma's pussy juices, had been streaming down my face as she greeted me. Tears from the oppressive lust that tormented me, as my own wet pussy soaked my panties and my clit trembled and quivered demanding to be touched. Emma had left me a needy and humiliated horny mess!

Hanna, my best friend and Domme had been worried and angry at the state she found me in. I’d quietly sobbed in the car home as she left an angry message on Emma's voicemail. As I told her what had happened though, it was clear that what was upsetting me (the fire in my pussy and my overwhelming need to cum) wasn’t what had gotten her pissed. Rather it had been how I’d been left helpless in the cold rain.

My uniform was soaking wet and I was shivering with cold as she brought me back to her flat for a hot shower and warm food. She spent the evening giving me aftercare, making sure I was alright. That didn’t extend to freeing me though from the chastity belt I’d been locked into for weeks now! She was adamant that I was still to be in denial, no matter how hard I begged her. Finally I gave up asking and after my nightly bedtime spanking, we held each other in bed as I cried myself to sleep.

I sighed to myself as I finally reached Hanna’s front door. It had been a long day at work. Saturdays were always busy and I was tired. I knew though that tonight Hanna and Emma planned to go to a party and that I was going to be going with them. Whether I wanted to or not! I sighed to myself again. This is just what happens when you brat too close to the sun I guess!

Entering her flat, I walked down the tight hallway into her large living room where Hanna and Emma were waiting for me. It was a large room with two three seater sofas and a coffee table between them. Looking down at it I saw it was filled with a range of sex toys, outfits, makeup bags and two bottles of prosecco. One of the bottles was nearly empty and as I greeted the pair Hanna passed me a full glass with a smile.

“Welcome home babe.” She grinned at me and I smiled back. Taller than me, her long black hair had been scraped back into her signature high ponytail. Her light blue cotton blouse was worn loose over the extremely tight pair of leather trousers she wore. A glance at her feet showed me she was wearing her favorite pair of leather ankle boots. She didn’t need three inch heels to tower over me though, which begged the question how high would my heels be tonight?

Over on the couch, Emma gave me a smile and a wave. She was dressed in just two towels, one around her hair and one wrapped around her body. The glass in her hand was nearly empty as she purred at me “Hi Marie…” I glanced at Hanna and turned back at Emma’s giggle. Someone had clearly started early! Emma was biting her lip at me!

She stood up, placing her glass on the table. “Mistress says I upset you Thursday Marie. I’m sorry about that. I’m really sorry. Won’t you forgive me Marieeee?” I gave Hanna a longer wide eyed look at that, as Emma giggled. Mistress? Forgiveness? Just how drunk was Emma? What was going on?

Hanna just looked amused though and told me to go take a shower. “Try not to lose your makeup though babe, I don’t want to take an hour watching you reapply all that with a trowel. Break up your sockbun though. You are wearing it differently tonight.

“Yes Mommy,” I replied with a sigh and went through to her bathroom. The uniform policy for the restaurant I worked in included heavy makeup, visibly so to even the most oblivious male customer. She wasn’t joking though about needing a trowel for the amount of foundation I was wearing! She’d taken great delight, after recognizing how uncomfortable I was wearing so much, in pushing it even further. Now to my bosses delight, I regularly wore a ludicrous and uncomfortable amount that required constant maintenance through the day. My boss had even complimented me on it and given me more hours! Apparently I was “enthusiastically, if not very skillfully, following instructions ” I’d been mortified!

Stripping, I used the shower hose to wash my body down so I didn’t get my face wet as instructed. I paid special attention between my legs, where the steel belt held my aching clitoris captive. I hadn’t been allowed to touch it for far too long and I longed to get my fingers on it. Sadly I knew I couldn’t slip them underneath the belt. I knew it was my own fault of course. I had written this cheque I was cashing and I should have known better I supposed. I hadn’t realized it would be like this though! So horny, so needy, so desperate and with a fire in my pussy I couldn’t extinguish!

Drying myself off, I caught myself sighing once again at my own reflection in the mirror. Gazing at myself I could see the misery in my own eyes and the lustful hunger. I used the back of a comb to start splitting my hair away from the bun, wincing as the hair glue that held it tugged it painfully. That was another part of my ongoing punishment.

“Cruel," I thought broodily to myself. The sockbun on top of my head was mandatory for work, but it could be held in place with some light hair spray and bobby pins. Hanna though had found some expensive industrial grade hair glue that could have held a space shuttle together! With it in my hair? It was rock solid and in place twenty four seven. It also itched like crazy as my scalp sweated and the moisture had nowhere to go! Punishment indeed…

As I walked naked back into the living area, I heard Emma's gasp as she saw me. She stood up and walked over, pushing aside my waist length hair as she ran her hands over the chastity belt's waistband. “What's it like to wear it?” She asked, meeting my eyes. As she stared into them, I gazed back at her miserably, letting her see my aforementioned deprived lust.

“Oh you poor thing!” she laughed, brushing my cheek with a hand. She turned to Hanna and asked “Mistress, how long is she wearing it for?”

Hanna just smirked as she beckoned us both over to the table. “Well Pet, Princess here was a very naughty brat and because of her I was stuck in a belt just like that one for three VERY long weeks! Which is why as part of her punishment Princess is wearing hers for three months. Among other things… Now let's get you both dressed for tonight.”

I heard Emma giggle “Yes Mistress!” as I took in what had just been said with shock. On the one hand I finally had a date for my freedom… but three months? Seriously? I couldn’t do it for three months! I didn’t know how I’d get through tonight! I was so desperately horny my pussy was going to start taking a hammer and chisel to the belt of its own accord if this went on any longer!

The backdrop realization that Hanna and Emma were calling each other Pet and Mistress seemed irrelevant as a tidal wave of despair rose up within me. I wanted to cry.

 Hanna frowned though as she looked at me. “Marie what's wrong? Is it the buttplug?” Buttplug? What buttplug? I thought staring back at her then down at the table. Oh that buttpug! I saw it now lying on the table next to some lube and looked back up at Hanna.

“Marie, the plug isn’t for you,” she reassured me. “I know anal is a limit for you and I would never breach that. It’s for Emma as a punishment for leaving you in the rain.” She turned to Emma and said “Bad girl!”

“I said I was sorry! I didn’t know it was going to start raining!” Emma protested, but I could see it wasn’t cutting any ice with Hanna.

“So when it started to rain Pet, you went back for Princess right? You didn’t just keep driving and leave her there?” Hanna raised an eyebrow at Emma. “No? You kept driving?” she continued, “thought so. Now bend over the seat arm.”

Hanna winked at me as she started to lube up the plug. Its six inch rubber length had a wide rubber bulge in its middle and a hard rubber base. Emma kneeled on the couch and rested her arms on the seat. She looked into my eyes with a giggle as she pushed her naked butt in the air. I watched her eyes close as the plug was gently pushed into her ass. She moaned, biting her lip as Hanna worked it, slowly getting its length further in. Suddenly her eyes opened and widened as the bulge entered her ass. I felt my own clit twitch as she gasped loudly.

“There!” said Hanna. “Now put these on!” She ordered us, handing us both a set of fishnet tights. As I pulled mine on, over the belt she handed me the next part of my outfit. I narrowed my eyes at what had once been a pair of my old black jeans. Now they were high-cut denim shorts, cut off at the upper thigh where it met my groin. Around the back they barely covered my ass cheeks! I had a sense of foreboding as I buttoned up the flys. She couldn’t really be planning to make me wear these in public could she?

I felt my clit twitch again as she handed Emma and I each a length of 4mm steel chain. I threaded it through the belt loops of the jeans as she instructed. Then she handed me a brass shutter padlock and I shuddered feeling its weight. It was heavy! A high security model with hardened steel, it would be easier to cut off the chain then to attack it! As I clicked it closed around my chain belt, I shivered and felt my clit throb. I was locked in steel twice over! A quick tug confirmed what I thought, I wasn’t able to get out of the Jeans without the key to the shutterlock!

I looked over to Emma and saw her eyes were burning with hunger as she stared back at me. She was wearing black denim shorts cut like mine and the lock at her belly button was identical to one at mine. Hanna hadn’t stopped though as she handed us both black leather tube tops. I sighed at this. I’d never been comfortable wearing one for long, you always end up having to pull them up as they slide.

She wasn’t asking my opinion though as I pulled it on. It was strapless, covered the top of my breasts, but left my midriff bare. I stretched feeling how tight it was. Maybe I wouldn’t have to be pulling it up too much tonight after all! Black knee high boots followed. Mine had five inch heels and I suppose I should have guessed that's what she would have chosen from my wardrobe earlier when I wondered about her heels! They had always been a favorite of hers. Emma’s boots though had a three inch heel and were a different style. It was the only thing different in our appearances though!

Looking again at the table I saw Hanna’s stupidly unnecessary hair glue and an array of hair bands and doughnuts. As I finished lacing up my boots, Hanna pulled a large stand alone mirror from beside a couch and placed it onto the table.

“Princess,” Hanan said, “You are going to put Pet’s hair then yours into two sock buns on the top of your heads. I want neat space buns, pointing upwards at the back just behind the ears. Use the hair glue as if you were going to work and if it's not done to my satisfaction I will give you six strokes of the cane. Understood?”

I nodded and grabbed the brush from the table. Emma looked up at me puzzled as I stood over her, but didn’t resist as I grabbed the back of her neck and pulled her head down between her knees. I rolled my eyes to myself. She might not understand what had just been asked but I did! I wasn’t gentle as I pulled the brush through her shoulder length brown hair. If I was honest with myself I was still sort of grumpy with her for humiliating me like that two days ago in front of her new sexy work partner; He hadn’t needed to know I was a slut!

I knew Hanna was watching as I ran copious amounts of hair glue through her hair and I didn’t dare skimp on it. I wasn’t gentle either as I used a comb to drag her hair into two extremely tight pigtails. I pulled to make sure I got each piece of hair as tight as possible, ignoring her complaints and earning Hanna’s nod of approval. The hair doughnuts went on top of the tails, then the hair pushed over and wrapped round. I hid the bands as best as I could with her hair then picked up a dozen bobby pins for each bun pushing them through.

I stood back and sprayed her down with hairspray, ignoring her splutters as I frowned at her. If I was going to be caned then I wanted it to be for something I’d enjoyed doing, not for messing this up! I grabbed a handful of bobby pins and slid them into her hair around her ears and next to her left temple where I thought a flyway might make an appearance later. I looked at Hanna, thinking that ought to do it and was rewarded with another amused nod as she grinned at me.

Emma was glaring at me now, not in any way sharing the amusement, but I just shrugged at her with a smirk. Poking my tongue at her I sat down, put my head between my legs and prepared my hair the same way. I made a point of looking up at her as I combed in a pigtail so tight that it made my scalp feel like it was lifting from my skull. She seemed mollified as I winked at her, as she realized it was instructions not malice that had her hair so painfully tight.

Hanna laughed watching the interaction, saying to Emma “That is how Princess always wears her hair now Pet. It's part of her punishment. After tonight you will know how she feels everyday and if you pull that shit on her again? YOU will be wearing your hair like this every day too. Got it?”

Emma nodded at Hanna. “Yes Mistress!” turning to me she said “I’m really sorry Marie. Seriously, I won’t leave you like that again.” She was clearly in earnest now as I put in my own space buns, but I don’t hold grudges with friends anyway so I just stuck my tongue out again at her. We both giggled and she picked up the hairspray and hosed my hair down for me.

Placing the last of my bobby pins in my hair I smirked up at Hanna. “What's next Mommy?” I asked her.

Hanna’s reply was to show us a picture on her phone of some goth girls instagram. The horror themed makeup made me frown as I glanced up at her. Did she really want me to paint black spider webs on myself? It was certainly an extreme style!

“Just the eyes and lips” Hanna ordered. I shrugged and got to work. Hanna had provided matt black lip paint amongst the clutter on the table and I started on that as Emma poured herself more prosecco. With my face still on from work, I just had to paint my lips with the brush and change my eyeshadow from its burgundy red to black. I touched up my mascara and used eyeliner to trace out the angles of the goth girl while Emma got to work on her own makeup. Watching her I could see what an intense look it truly was and how powerful and captivating it was..

Sitting back I had the chance to enjoy my own glass of wine as Hanna opened the second bottle. I could feel the glue setting in my hair and I wondered how long it would be before it started to torment me. Looking over at Hanna I saw the earrings she was pushing in my direction. I picked them up with a sigh, I wasn't a fan of these heavy silver 70 millimeter hoops. I didn’t argue though as I put them in my ears, even though I knew they were going to hurt later. Emma too was soon wearing a matching pair and as she finished up her make up we both looked at Hanna. I wondered what else she had in mind?

She was looking at us both grinning. “Last item babes” Reaching into a bag on the table she pulled out two black leather collars. Three inches thick, they had a three inch steel ring at the throat! One inch steel spikes were embedded around the collars and the back buckle was shaped to fit a padlock. As I fit it around my neck, Hanna showed me the lock she planned to use. It wasn’t a cheap luggage lock, this was two inches and made from steel! I stood up to let her put it on me.

Feeling it locked behind me,I realized with my hair up like this everyone would be able to see it! This was in no way discrete, no way to hide it and my pussy trembled again. I was so horny and my clit throbbed as I turned back to stare at Hanna, pleading with my eyes. She wouldn’t make me go out dressed like this would she? Please no…

She wasn’t looking at me though, she was locking an identical padlock around Emma’s collar. Emma was wide eyed and breathing heavily as it clicked shut at the back of her neck and as long as I had known her (since childhood!)I had never seen that girl look so in heat. She had to be nearly as wet as I was!

Coming around to me, we both stared into the mirror and I heard her murmur “Twins.. Identical twins..”

I snorted, “Identically ludicrous twins, Hanna we can’t go o OWWH!!” I squealed as Emma pinched my bottom! I punched her arm and then squealed again as she grabbed my left nipple through the tube top and pinched it hard!

As I spun angrily on Emma, I heard Hanna’s voice crack loudly “ENOUGH!” We both stared at Hanna as she glowered at us then waved a finger in our direction. “I won’t have you two fighting. Now kiss and make up...” I turned to look back at Emma who was smirking at me. It seemed she didn’t need telling twice as she grabbed the ring on the front of my collar and pulled me in for a kiss.

She had made a mistake though, as she used her tongue. My own lust was overwhelming at this point as I kissed her back hard. My tongue hungrily explored her mouth as my hands gripped her shoulders. I heard her gasp as my fingernails dug into her skin as my passion rose and I pushed her onto the couch. Straddling her, my knees on the outside of each of her thighs, I tilted my head above hers and pushed her back into the cushions.

I felt her hands gripping my wrists as I continued the long kiss, searching, demanding, as my wet pussy seethed with its hunger. The craving to cum was overwhelming as I sought release, release of any kind from the fire surging through me. Something primal was awakening in me and I heard my own growl as she surrendered underneath me. She was no longer resisting as I furiously sought my own orgasm from the storm boiling within me.

Hanna’s strong grip on the padlock at the back of my neck gave her the leverage to haul me off Emma. She dragged me away, pulling me from the couch onto the floor. Emma sat up wide eyed staring at me kneeling on the floor at their feet. Unshed tears burned behind my eyes as I stared back. I heard myself whimper.

“SHIT Hanna! What have you done to her? You poor thing! You poor poor thing!” Emma's hands reached out and softly touched my cheeks. Her eyes were burning with her own passion as she marveled at the delicious hellish misery I was in. She looked down at my crotch and mine followed hers. I wasn’t surprised to see the denim was visibly damp. Iit was like a dam waterfall down there and I couldn’t control myself as I whimpered again.

Emma looked up at Hanna and as I met Hanna’s gaze I saw both her sympathy and amusement. She’d been watching me get into this state for weeks and I knew I would have no mercy from my Domme. It didn’t stop me begging her for it with my eyes.

Looking between the two of us Emma asked again, “Hanna! What did you do?” Hanna’s head slowly turned to gaze at Emma and raised an eyebrow at her. Emma seemed to hesitate and quickly said “Mistress.” She swallowed, looking at me kneeling on the ground wallowing now in self pity, before she continued on. “Mistress, that can’t just be the belt can it? What have you done to her? I mean this is hot. This is fucking hot! But… shit!”

She turned back to stare at me again and then she stood up. Looking Hanna in the eyes she asked quietly “Will you please do this to me too Mistress?”

Hanna laughed and smacked her ass. “Not tonight Pet. I have other plans for you. Don’t worry about Princess. She’s been through worse haven’t you?” I just gazed miserably up at her. I knew that tone! She offered me a hand and I took it as she hauled me to my feet. It took some effort to get a grip of myself, but I managed. The alternative was, as I well knew, to go through worse.

I caught another look at myself in the mirror as Hanna put on a jacket. Nothing was hidden, not the collar around my neck, nor the lock at the back of it. Not my breasts trapped in the tight leather tube, nor my butt in the cut down jeans. Not my long legs, in their long high heeled boots nor the desperate glint in my eyes, blinking away the tears before they could ruin my heavy makeup. Tilting my head, I saw my space buns hadn’t moved. With the hair glue dry they’d take some work to remove in the morning.

I held out my arms as Hanna put a trench coat on me, spinning me around and belting it up. A finger of hers went through the ring on the front of my collar and she kissed me, our tongues touching briefly before she pushed me away. Outside a horn beeped. Our taxi had arrived.

Stepping outside I hung back and touched Hanna’s arm as Emma got into the car. “Mistress?” I asked her quietly.

She stopped and gazed seriously at me. “Babe, you will always be my girlfriend. You know that. You play with others though and I don’t say anything.”

There was a hint of a challenge there that I ignored as I nodded. “You know I don’t get jealous. How long?” I asked her.

I watched her eyes flicker back and forth between mine as she peered into my soul. She nodded too, leaning into my ear and whispered “We just started tonight and I wish you would! Now get in the damn car!” She slapped my butt and pushed me into the car. I frowned to myself thinking about that. What did she mean? It was certainly a puzzle to distract myself from my aching clit as we drove away into the night!
