---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/jasminebecomesaslave.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Jasmine becomes a Slave
authors:
- Mistress Lisa
tags:
- Solo-F
- F+/f
- dommes
- wager
- enslave
- bond
- collar
- bdsm
- shock
- susp
- display
- shave
- torment
- cons/reluct
- X
---

All characters are fictional and any resemblance to living people is just a coincidence as is the football game fictional.
Chapter 1: The Bet

Racheal was picking out her outfit for the B&D party at Shelia’s tavern that Monday night. She selected a black leather cat suit that hugged her body and a thin black leather thong and while the cat suit covered her, it allowed everyone to know she had a toned sexy body.

Shelia was her dear friend and a fellow Domme, who was the area’s leading supplier of fetish gear that ranged from clothes to dungeon items and all of her parties were events not to be missed as she loved to demonstrate her new items on her store’s slaves.

Racheal entered the tavern, which was the bar where the party was taking place, with the adjoining buildings, a warehouse, a factory and an adult sex store, where Shelia sold BDSM items as well as all other types of adult toys. Shelia also lived above the store with her slave.

As Racheal entered she saw a group of Dommes at the bar chatting away, and as she approached them she heard one say, "I love to bet on football games with the loser becoming the slave of the winner and I never lose". Racheal took note that the mouthy Domme was African American, very lovely, but also arrogant. Racheal also saw that she was dressed in a white vinyl dress that showed off her large breasts, and she wore white 6" heels.

Racheal saw her close friend Lana standing at the bar and she walked over to join her and ordered a glass of white wine. As she sat and sipped her wine, the black Domme walked over and said, "Hi, I am Jasmine".

Racheal responded, "I am Racheal".

"Nice to meet you". Jasmine then said to Racheal, "you are very lovely, have you ever been a submissive as I would just love to own you".

The Dommes at the bar turned around to see what was going on, and Racheal, with a forceful voice, said, "Jasmine, I don’t serve anyone, I own slaves".

Jasmine just laughed and said, "I’ll bet you on the football game tonight and the winner gets the loser for a week as her slave and I just can’t wait to have you as my slave. I will even give you the choice between the Lions and the Packers and we will use the point spread from this morning’s paper, which is if you have the guts to play".

Racheal turned to her and smiling said, "Let’s make it a month of no limit slavery that the loser serves, and I will take the Packers".

Racheal was grinning inside as she had heard on her radio, just before arriving, that four offensive starters for the Lions had been suspended, and she knew the morning line in the paper would not reflect this.

Jasmine opening the paper said, "WOW, the line is Lions getting 10. I will take that bet, sucker and I am look forward having you in chains."

Shelia appeared behind the bar and said, "Girls lets do this right and get a signed contract between the two of you", as she winked at Racheal.

Jasmine hesitated until Racheal said, "Afraid of losing the bet you wanted to make slave girl".

This pissed off Jasmine who grabbed the contract signed it without looking and said, "You are mine now slut".

Racheal signed the contract and Shelia took it and signed as the witness.

Chapter 2: The Winner

Everyone was shocked at what had just happened and suddenly all they wanted to do was see the game and find out who would go home as the slave. As game started, the announcer on the TV said that besides the four offensive starters being suspended, the Lions had also suspended five defensive starters for also betting on games.

Hearing this Jasmine shouted, "All bets off " and she turned to Racheal and yelled, "you cheated bitch".

Shelia told Jasmine that she had signed the contract and that she will honor it, whether she liked it or not, and then Shelia turned to Bella the bouncer and said, "Neither of these two, pointing to Jasmine and Racheal can leave before the game is over".

Jasmine screamed, "You bitches fixed the bet".

Shelia told her that she was the one who was bragging how by betting football games she had enslaved other dommes and then you challenged Racheal to the bet and that she even let her pick what team she wanted, "So the bet is official and you WILL honor the contract".

Jasmine realized that she might end up as a slave and as she looked at the big screen TV, she saw the score was Packers 41 Lions 3. Jasmine screamed that this is unfair as I never lose, and the bet was rigged, hoping by a miracle somehow the bet would be cancelled.

Everyone present told her to shut up and honor the bet or suffer even a worse fate.

When the game finally ended and the score was Packers 55 Lions 3, and Shelia declared Racheal as the winner and Jasmine was awarded to her as her slave for the next month.

Racheal said, "Let’s take her next door and get her in a more appropriate slave outfit".

Jasmine resisted as they dragged her to the attached store and Jasmine now realizing her worst nightmare, payback for all the slaves she had won in bets and now was the slave. Jasmine wondered how she would survive a month of slavery.

Once in the store changing room, Racheal took Jasmine’s purse and handed Shelia her credit card and told Shelia to charge Jasmine for the items she was getting. Jasmine protested, but as Racheal told her, "If had you read the contract, you would have seen it stated all you have on you at the time of the bet belongs to the winner, so that includes your credit card". Upon hearing that Jasmine tried to escape but was grabbed by the bouncer.

Shelia measured Jasmine’s neck and Racheal found a 2" wide steel control collar of that size and quickly locked it on the shocked Jasmine. Racheal then told Jasmine to strip, but Jasmine protested and said, "No way bitch".

Racheal laughed and pressed the button on the controller for the collar and Jasmine screamed as the collar shocked her. "Strip slave or I will let Bella rip off your outfit and then have you suck her cunt for her effort."

Jasmine, to avoid any more pain, slowly removed her white vinyl dress and heels and stood in a thin white silk thong with her hands covering her breasts. Racheal quickly grabbed her hands and cuffed them behind her back and with Shelia’s help Jasmine was dragged back to the main room of the bar area. Jasmine protested as she was cuffed to hanging chains and her ankles cuffed to floor rings 3 foot apart and she was stretched taunt. Jasmine was terrified, as she for the first time in her life she was totally helpless and not in control.

"Well slave you will learn in the next month how to become a proper no limit slave", Racheal told her.

Jasmine protested that she never agreed to that, but Shelia showed her the signed contract that she hadn’t read. Jasmine realized she was in deep trouble and cried for mercy. The crowd cheered as they saw Jasmine chained spread-eagled on the stage. As Racheal ripped off her thong, Jasmine tried, but of course the restraints prevented her from keeping her legs together. Racheal then asked for a volunteer to shave the slave.

As Jasmine tried to protest a large ball gag was stuffed in her mouth and the strap pulled tight so all they could hear was her muffled protests. Several of the Dommes from the crowd, started to pluck out her pubic hair before she was shaved, which took over 20 minutes during which constant screams were heard from the gagged Jasmine and then they used a depilatory cream that would prevent the hair from growing back for at least several months.

While the girls were removing Jasmine pubic hair, Racheal told Shelia, she was going to make this bitch her full time slave. Shelia said no way you will tame that bitch and said, "Let’s bet a week of slavery with limits for the loser". Racheal agreed.

Jasmine was completely hairless and realized now how all the slaves she won had felt and she could not believe she was now a slave.

Since Jasmine was spread-eagled, it allowed Shelia to take full body measurements for all the nice toys Racheal had ordered on Jasmine’s credit card. Shelia inserted a finger into Jasmine’s cunt and found to her surprise as well as Jasmine's that it was wet. Shelia told Racheal the ultimate control belt she ordered would be ready in about 3 days.

A heavy leather straight jacket was brought out and after Jasmine was released from the chains they forced her into it and tightened all the straps as tight as possible. But before the crotch strap was closed, Racheal showed Jasmine a package that contained a 7" long dildo with a clit finger and Jasmine saw it also was a vibrator with a remote. After opening the package Racheal inserted the dildo with no resistance and made sure the dildo’s finger was pressing against Jasmine’s clit, before pulling the crotch strap tight and locking it securing the dildo deep in Jasmine.

Racheal attached a leash to Jasmine’s collar and thanked everyone for their help. "Let go home now slave", Racheal said as she pulled Jasmine out of the club into her van where she secured her to the rear seat and then drove off as Jasmine wondered what the hell she had gotten herself in and how would she survive.



10.09.14

story continues in [**Jasmine becomes a Slave 2: Learning about Racheal**](jasminebecomesaslave2.html)

o0o
