---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/afternoon_post.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Afternoon Post
authors:
- Jenny Bonici
tags:
- M/f
- harness-gag
- collar
- shop
- emb
- bedroom
- strip
- naked
- bond
- rope
- post-tie
- toys
- insert
- crotchrope
- stuck
- discovery
- climax
- 'true'
- cons
- X
date: 2002-09-12 00:00:00
---

A True
Story Of How The Winner Of The 3.30 Race, A Shopping Spree And Unwanted
Visitors can lead to An Unforgettable Afternoon Of Bondage.
**The Background**

When Don and I sat down to
write down some of our most notable bondage experiences I insisted that
this one was at the top of my list. I had only moved in with Don
a short time before this memorable afternoon. At that time we did
not have the large collection of bondage equipment we have now –just some
lengths of rope plus the leather cuffs, chains and padlocks that Don had
collected. Of course many folk think that this is more than enough
for any party. Well this particular weekend we christened two new
acquisitions –a harness gag and leather collar. These still remain
two of our favourite toys. But on that sunny Saturday I hadn't reckoned
on them being the cause of such memorable events. With Don's help,
let me tell you what happened.

**The Shopping Spree - We
Spend Don's Winnings**

Don was not the type to have
a bet on anything, in fact he admits to knowing absolutely nothing about
horses and horse racing. So it was a bit of a surprise when he came
home one Friday and said that he'd won $1000 on the gee-gees. A close
friend of ours had phoned him at work that morning and told him that another
friend was a part owner of a horse that was a sure thing for the 3.30 and
that Don should get something on it. So that lunchtime Don invested
the princely sum of $20 on the nag. It romped home at 50:1 –well it won
by half a length. Now we had to decide what to do with our windfall.

So it was that early next
morning we set off for the shops with $1000 cash in our pockets.
We spent a large chunk of the money on new clothes that we both desperately
needed. Laden with assorted bags we staggered into a small café
by the harbour for a cup of coffee and to reckon up how much we'd spent.
We had a little over $150 left. "We can't go home with that!" I exclaimed.
"What shall we spend it on?" Another cup of coffee and a range
of suggestions –there were so many practical things we really needed.

"Bugger practicality, let's
spend it on some fun thing for us! How about that black leather harness
gag that we saw last week."

Don thought it was a brilliant idea and
muttered something about me being not just a pretty face. "You'd look great
in that," he added. We downed our coffees, gathered up our many bags
and set off to the adult toyshop to get the gag. I love the heady
smell of leather in these places. In a display case at the back of
the shop were three different harnesses. An assistant came over to
ask if she could be of any help. I said told her that we'd like to look
at the harness gags. One looked far too heavy and crudely made –
but it was hard to decide between the other two.

"I think we've got
another sort out the back," the girl said while we were trying to make
up our minds. She trotted off to look for it. Her slender waist
was tightly laced into a black corset edged in blue satin –a garment she
wore with pride outside her long black skirt and see-through top.
Don wasn't too impressed by her matching blue lipstick and nails –but
the see-through top showed off her full breasts rather nicely –but then
he always has been a tit man!

As soon as she returned with
the new gag we knew that it was the one to get. "We'll have it,"
I stammered. "But can I try it on now to make sure that it fits?"
I added. It wasn't the policy of the shop to allow customers to try
on gags but, as we were going to buy it, she agreed. The three of
us went into a small curtained cubicle.

"Come here, I'll show you
how it goes on," the girl said. "Open your mouth. No wider
that that," she ordered. The fat bright-red plug squeezed past my
teeth and filled my mouth. A padded leather piece covered from my
chin up to my nose. She went round behind me and, lifting my hair, buckled
the strap at the nape of my neck. She made sure the two straps from
the sides of the mouth piece were snug against the sides of my nose, then
pulled another strap over my head where it again divided into two and connected
to buckles on the first strap. Finally she did up the short strap under
my chin.

"How's that?" she asked.
I nodded. Although I knew what I wanted to say, "Hmmmm, hmmm, hmmmm,"
was the about the best that I could manage. It cost $70 so we still had
some cash left.

"We'll get her that matching leather posture collar
too," said Don pointing to on one a rack the other side of the room.
The girl got it down and, turning to Don said, "I think she should
try this on too, just to make sure that it fits as well." Don nodded.

The two buckles at the back of the collar were soon pulled tight.
The girl ran her fingers round the edges to make sure that they weren't
cutting into my skin. "There you are, a perfect fit," she said standing
back as if to admire her work. "Look at yourself in the mirror,"
she added. I stepped out of the cubicle and stood in front of the
double mirrors. It was only then that I realised that I was in full
view of the other people in the shop. Red faced I hurriedly beat
a retreat back behind the safety of the curtain. "They both
look real good," the girl said as I reached behind my head to undo them.

"No, don't do that –I think you should keep them on to go home, don't
you?" the girl said winking at Don. "No way!" I thought as I undid
the buckles. Instead the girl gift-wrapped them for us and put them
in yet another bag to carry. As we drove home I couldn't help undoing
the wrapping and having another peek at them.

**The Afternoon –And Time
To Try Out Our New Toys**

It was just after 1 pm when
we arrived back at the apartment and carried our collection of bags inside.
"Come on, let's try our new toys on again before we unpack everything else,"
said Don as he put the last bag down on the bed. The gag and the
collar were soon back on. This time I thought they were buckled even
tighter than they were in the shop. "That looks great –now get your
clothes off and get ready for a screw you'll never forget." I quickly
undid the zip of my skirt and let it fall to the ground. At the same
time Dons' warm hands were undoing the buttons of my shirt. Before
that hit the deck his fingers were fumbling to undo my bra. My panties
soon followed the rest of my clothes on to the floor by the foot of the
bed. I put my arms round his neck and pulled him to me.

"Not so fast young lady,"
he cried.

He pushed me away and opened the doors of the wardrobe.
I knew what he was after –the box that held most of our bondage toys.
He pulled it out into the room, lifted its lid and, sorting through its
jumbled contents, picked out a handful of ropes. "Now stand with
your back to that post," he said pushing me towards the central doorpost
of the wardrobe. He looped a length of rope round my waist a couple
of times and tied it tightly in the middle of my back. Then he tied
the loose ends round the post. The next two lengths of rope bound
and cinched my wrists and elbows behind the post. The ends of these
were also used to bind my arms tightly to the post. My pussy was
already hot and wet with expectation. I spread my legs in anticipation.
"Not so fast," he said again. Another rope was soon tied to
the post in the middle of my shoulder blades. The ends were drawn
under my armpits to be tied beneath my boobs before being taken up over
my shoulders and tied off to the post behind my neck. My upper body
was now pulled back against the post. He sorted through the box once
more before returning with even more lengths of rope. He threaded
the shortest one through the D-ring on the top of the gag harness and tied
this round the post as well. Even before he added this rope, the high collar
had severely restricted the movement of my head - now l could hardly move
my head at all.

His hand cupped my pussy.
His middle finger massaged my clit and then probed inside me searching
out my G-spot. I was sure that any moment he would lift my thighs and give
me that screw he promised. But that was not to be. He
went over and opened the draw of the bedside table and got out one of my
vibrators. "That's good." I thought. "At least he's chosen
the best one –the one that whirrs and pulsates at the same time, has the
pearls that wriggle under its skin and a head that twists and turns.
He slipped two new batteries in it. He switched it on and pressed
its tip against my right nipple. "How's that?" he asked. Then
its tip found my other nipple. He tweaked one nipple with his finger
and thumb whilst the tip of the vibrator worked on the other one.
Both nipples were soon hard and, God, I was even hotter now. He made sure
that the vibrator was well lubricated by working it around my wet pussy
before slowly but surely pushing it into me.

Now he roped my knees tightly
together, not forgetting the cinch, before tying off the ends of the rope
around the post. Then he did the same with my ankles. I was
rigidly bound against the post from head to foot –I could hardly move
at all. "I'd better make sure that thing doesn't slip out," he said,
pointing at the barely visible end of the vibrator. He took another
length of rope, looped it over the waist rope at the centre of my stomach
and then passed its two ends between my legs as a crotch rope. He
made sure that the ropes were carefully positioned either side of my clit
before tying them off at the waist rope behind me. If he had pulled
it any tighter I'm sure he would have cut me in half.

Although I could hardly move
a muscle I knew that any minute now I was going to have one doozy of an
orgasm. It wasn't so much the buzzing, wriggling thing that was driving
me to a climax, but rather the position of the two soft crotch ropes. With
the slightest movement of my hips they either rubbed or squeezed my clit
and the sensation was heightened by both ropes pressing against the vibrating
base of the shaft stuck deep inside me. Don stood back to admire
his work. Then the phone rang. Don went into the kitchen to
answer it.

When he came back he calmly announced, "You'll be OK like
that for a few minutes won't you? I've got to slip down to Tom's
place –he wants to borrow a couple of my tools –he needs them to finish
fixing his car for tonight." I could have murdered him but I could
only use my eyes to plead with him not to go, but it was no use.
He got his jacket out of the wardrobe, pushing back the box of bondage
toys as he did so. All my 'Mmmmphs', struggles and pleading with
my eyes were no use –he put on his jacket and, after blowing me a big
kiss, he left.

**Left Alone And Visitors
Arrive**

The afternoon sun streamed
through the window. It was good that we were not on the ground floor
where folk could look in. I was still fuming inside that Don had
gone off and left me like this. I struggled in my bonds but I was
so well tied that I could hardly move. However, every little movement
of my hips drove me further towards that orgasm I could feel welling up
inside me. I found that if tensed my thigh muscles my hips moved backwards
and forwards just enough to really get that crotch rope pleasuring me.
My body had taken over –I was pushing uncontrollably against those ropes.
At last I came with one great earth-shattering orgasm. I writhed
in my bonds as it consumed me. Saliva drooled uncontrollably from
the corner of my mouth. I was gasping for breath. I had cum;
then the second wave hit me. I was satisfied. All I wanted
now was for the vibrator to stop and let me down gently, but still it buzzed
on. The crotch ropes were soaked with my juices. I felt like I was
just hanging in those ropes. I felt strangely cold –but not for
long.

The buzzing thing inside
me plus those damned crotch ropes were driving me to cum again. This
second time was nowhere near as strong as the first. And still the
vibrator buzzed on. I tried muscle control on the thing, but that
only made the sensation worse. Then I heard a key turn in the lock
of the front door. "Thank God," I thought, "That will be Don returning."
But then panic, my heart missed a beat; it was Don's mother. "Anyone
at home?" she called out as she entered the apartment. I heard her
go into the kitchen. Then, horrors and even more panic –I could
hear the click-clack of her heels as she walked down the hallway towards
the bedroom. I froze. My heart was pounding. I hardly
dared to breathe. If she didn't see me, she would surely hear my heart
beating –if not that, then the whirr of the vibrator, which now seemed
louder than ever. What was I going to say when she found me like this?

She looked in the bedroom
but luckily she did not come in and from where she stood I was shielded
from her view by the wardrobe door. Also I was lucky that she did
not decide to tidy the place up or draw the curtains to stop the sun fading
the carpet. My heart started up again as the sound of her footsteps
faded as she went back into the kitchen. I could hear her making
herself a cup of coffee and it sounded like she was raiding the biscuit
tin too. It also sounded like she was tidying up the kitchen. Damned
woman would probably stay around and spring clean the whole place.
I'm sure that the buzzing vibrator was getting louder by the minute –why
is it that the batteries never run out when you want them too? Don
said he would only be gone for a short while –he must be back soon.
There was a knock on the front door. That wouldn't be Don, he had
a key. I didn't have long to find out who our next visitor was when
I heard my friend Cathy's voice ask Don's Mum whether I was in or not.
Alas I knew that both of them were past masters at sitting down and having
a long chat.

"So this is little Jason,"
I heard Don's Mum say. "Jenny has told me a lot about him.
How old is he now?" And so the conversation went on, and on and on.
By this time coffee had been made and from the clinking of the cups they
appeared to be having a party out there. Then disaster number two
…
little Jason crawled into the bedroom and started playing with the knobs
on the drawers of the dressing table. He seemed to take no notice
of me. Then I heard Cathy ask where Jason had got to. As Don's
Mum didn't know, Cathy started out on a hunt. I heard her footsteps
approaching. Again I held my breath. She looked into the bedroom.
"Ah, there you are," she exclaimed. "Come on out, that is Jenny and
Don's bedroom." Once more luck was on my side as she didn't enter
the room but stood by the open door as the dear little soul crawled towards
her. She closed the door behind him. At least I felt safer
now - even though my heart was beating like a drum. At last I heard
Don return. "Hello Mum, what are you doing here?" he asked. "I told you I'd bring over some the pot plants this afternoon and you gave
me the key as you said that you'd probably be out." Now there were
three of them having a chinwag in the kitchen –this could go on for hours.

The sun was going down and
I was beginning to feel a bit chilly and my arms and shoulders ached.
At least the batteries in the vibrator had run down –if they had lasted
much longer I'm sure that my pussy would have been whipped into a jelly
or I'd have turned into a nymphomaniac. But I cheered up just
a little when I heard Cathy say that she had to be going as she had some
shopping to do. With the departure of Cathy I heard Don say to his
Mum that he would also have to go and get me. A good excuse
to get her to leave as well –although he probably had to push her out.
I heard the door close and then silence. I found out later that he
had gone out with her and then driven round the block so that it looked
like he was going to fetch me from some place. This time it was only
a few minutes before he returned and we didn't get any more visitors while
he was away.

**Don Returns**

He opened the bedroom door,
came in and sat on the bed. "That was a bit of a shock. Believe
me, I'd forgotten I'd asked Mum to bring those plants over this afternoon
and lent her the keys." I didn't believe him –although it was probably
true. I 'Mmmmphed' some more, begging him to release me. "I
suppose you want me to undo you," he said nonchalantly. I tried to
nod but the rope holding the back of the head harness to the post stopped
this. He cupped my breasts. His thumb and first finger massaged
my nipples. Then his hand slid slowly down my body and his fingers
searched out my clit. "It's wet down there –and it's time to change
the batteries," he said as his fingers found the base of the vibrator. "Let's undo those legs and get it out." Soon the ropes fell away
from my ankles and knees.

It was some relief to simply
stand with my legs apart. He undid the crotch rope and gently worked
the vibrator out - it came alive again with a few weak vibrations as he
did so. His fingers now probed deep inside me. His warm hands
caressed my body. Soon I was getting hot again. My nipples were hard.
He undid his jeans and pants and let them fall to the floor. He undid his
shirt and pressed his bare body against mine. He lifted my thighs
and spread them wide then slid his rock-hard cock into me. It was
even bigger than the vibrator. I crossed my ankles behind his back
and gripped his body as firmly as I could.

Slowly, rhythmically he thrust
into me. I was going to cum again. His pace quickened.
He couldn't keep this up for much longer; he must be bursting to cum.
He lifted my legs some more –they were now up under his armpits –and
still he drove on. I was gasping for breath. I was heading
for yet another climax. His sweat was running down my body mingling
with my own. I gasped again as I reached another orgasm. My
whole body quivered. At the same time he released his load into me.
A few more thrusts and he was spent. He lowered my legs. Without
him inside me, my pussy just felt empty and wet. His juices trickled
down the inside of my thighs. He gently kissed first one nipple then
the other.

He released the ropes round
my wrists and elbows. "You can undo the rest," he said as he went
into the bathroom to relieve himself and the fetch a towel. I fumbled to
undo the knots, but it didn't take me long to release the other bonds that
held me and to remove the head harness and collar. I ached even more
now that they were removed –particularly my jaw. I followed Don
into the bathroom. He had filled the bath and thrown in a large handful
of bath salts –and our pet rubber duckie. I got in and lay back
- I was exhausted, I ached all over now that I had relaxed. Don had
been right, this afternoon was one that we'd never forget - and both the
first and last earth-shattering orgasms just blew my mind.

"What's running in the 3.30
race next Friday?" I asked as he joined me in the bath.
