---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: In My Case
authors:
- Iron Rodd
tags:
- MF/f
- naked
- bond
- gag
- suitcase
- toys
- public
- transported
- locker
- tease
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2012-05-23 00:00:00
---

Susan and I have a great marriage: fun, friendship, and the sex is fantastic.

We also have Janie. Janie’s been a good friend of Susan’s since before I met them, and she’s our playmate, because sometimes three really is better than two.

Susan recently had a little business trip planned, going upstate by bus for a couple of days. We figured it might be a good time to try out an objectification fantasy Janie had confided to us once.

Janie’s five-foot-nothing, with a body straight out of a sexual fantasy: apple-sized tits, pert little ass, all-around gorgeous. And she’s flexible, too, which is only an advantage.

We told Janie to come over, and to be ready for a day of fun, but we didn’t tell her what was in store for her. She arrived as Susan was packing her rolling suitcase. We’d gotten two matching cases, good for a few days away, or a traveling companion (so to speak).

Susan zipped up her case, then turned to Janie and said, “Strip!”

Janie recognized Susan’s voice of command, and did as she was told without uttering a word.

“Put your hands behind your back, and grab your elbows,” Susan commanded. Janie did, and Susan tied her wrists to the opposite elbows. I love that position, it forces Janie’s tits out, proud and firm.

Then I took out the wiffle-ball gag, brought it to her face, and said, “Open.” Janie opened her mouth, I popped the ball in, and strapped it around her head.

“Okay, here’s the surprise,” said Susan. She pulled the other, empty suitcase from the closet and put it on the bed. “You’re going for a ride as half of a set of matched luggage.”

Janie’s eyes widened a bit at this, but she didn’t give any of the safeword signals, so I picked her up and laid her down on the bed next to her suitcase. Susan and I bent her legs at the knees, and tied her ankles to her thighs. I could see she was a perfect fit, so I lifted her again and placed her in the suitcase, butt toward the wheels, front facing up. Then Susan blindfolded her, and we were almost ready to go.

Before zipping up the bag, I lifted it off the bed and stood it on its wheels, so we could get the final adjustment just right. It was going to be another surprise for Janie, a slim-line vibrator attached to the bottom of the case.

“Lubrication,” I asked. But just a glance at Janie’s pussy proved there was no need, she was wet and almost dripping.

Susan slipped the vibrator in, and Janie moaned. I think she realized this was the teaser, the vibrator that was just enough to keep her simmering, but not enough to get her off. At this point, she realized she was in for a really long day as luggage.

We zipped up the bag, and I tilted it back to roll it to the front door. That’s when Janie must have noticed the next trick, the vibrator was attached to a pressure switch. When the bag was resting on its wheels and support post, the vibrator was active. But when I tilted it back off the post, onto just its wheels, the vibrator turned off. I heard Janie moan through the bag as she made that realization. Stopping next to the front door, I lowered it back onto the support post, re-activating the vibrator, and eliciting another little moan for Janie.

Unzipping the bag a bit, I told Janie her moans were audible, and she might want to keep herself a little quieter. Then I rezipped her, and went to make sure Susan was ready to go. I heard her zip her bag as I walked into the bedroom, and took it out for her.

Seeing the two bags, and knowing that only one contained clothes, while the other contained a bound, naked girl got me hard. It was going to be a long day for me, too, I realized.

Susan and I walked to the subway, pulling our matched rolling suitcases along with us. We sat on the train together for the ride into Manhattan, with our suitcases in front of us, just chatting. At one point, though, Susan unzipped mine, just a bit, and stuck her hand inside.

From the sounds inside, I realized Susan was stroking Janie’s tits, and tweaking her nipples.

Then she pulled her hand out, zipped up the bag, and we kept talking, while the vibrator kept Janie going.

When we got to the Port Authority Bus Station, we checked the departures board, and found (as we’d planned) that we had an hour or so before Susan’s bus left. “Do you want to put our bags in a locker and walk around for a while,” I asked.

“Sounds good,” Susan replied.

We found a locker big enough for both suitcases, and I hefted mine in first, pushing it to the back. “Have fun,” I whispered, as I reached back to put Susan’s in front.

I know Janie must have heard the coins clinking in the slot, the door slamming shut, and the click of the key coming out of the lock. Now she was just a piece of anonymous luggage in a random locker in a huge bus station. She had to be creaming at those thoughts, especially as she couldn’t touch herself.

Susan and I walked around, browsed in the shops, and picked up a few magazines for her trip. Then, after half an hour, we went back to our locker to retrieve our bags.

I accompanied Susan down to the bus platform, and waited with her in line. “Let’s give Janie a little more of a thrill,” I whispered to her, taking her bag and giving her the handle to mine. She smiled at me.

When it was her turn, she handed the bag to the driver, and I warned him it was heavier than it looked. He lifted it into the luggage compartment, then reached for mine.

“Oh, no, I’m not going. I’m just here to see my wife off.”

I kissed her goodbye, and she whispered to me, “That’s enough.”

I made a show of realizing I had the wrong bag, telling the driver I needed the one he’d just put in the bus. We switched them out, and I waved as Susan climbed onto the bus.

Then I dragged my suitcase back through the terminal, and out to the street. It was a warm, sunny, summer day, so I decided to walk a little before getting back onto the subway (well, that, and I wanted to make sure Janie got her money’s worth out of this trip).

I walked across town on Forty-Second Street, occasionally walking into shops so she could feel the temperature differences between outdoor heat and indoor air conditioning. Eventually, I got to Bryant Park, and found a bench with the sun at my back. I made sure no one was close, and then unzipped the suitcase, so Janie could feel the sun on her body. I saw her tense up as soon as she felt the sun, so I reached in and stroked her breasts slowly, calmly, letting her know wordlessly that I was taking care of her.

After a few minutes, I zipped her back up, and decided she’d probably had enough, especially since we still had an hour ride on the subway.

Sitting on the subway, I read a magazine I’d picked up, laying it on the suitcase, and occasionally tapped on the bag, as if unconsciously.

Walking back into the apartment, I closed the door, and then said to the suitcase, “I imagine you’re getting a little sore, right?”

I heard Janie’s “Mm-hmm,” in reply, and took the bag into the bedroom.

“I know what will ease those muscles,” I said. “I’ll have you out in a jiffy.”

I lifted the suitcase back onto the bed, unzipped it, and pulled the vibrator out of her. Then I untied one of her legs, put a cuff around her ankle, and tied it to the corner of the bed. Then I repeated the procedure on her other leg. I tipped the suitcase upright, and then pulled her out of it.

Now Janie was sitting in the middle of the bed, her legs tied to the bedposts and spread, and her arms still tied behind her back. I removed her gag and put a bottle of water to her lips, so she could rehydrate. When she was done drinking, I put the gag back in, and she mumbled a question.

“Almost done,” I said. Now I united one wrist and cuffed it, tying the cuff with an extra long rope to the upper corner of the bed. I repeated with the other wrist, and then pulled the ropes taut. This pulled Janie down into a tight spread eagle on the bed.

“There you go,” I said. “Automatic stretching for previously cramped muscles. Doesn’t that feel better?”

She mmphed through her gag, and I removed it. “Now I’m stretching, which is fine for my arms and legs, but what about my pussy,” she asked.

“What about it? Do you want me to stretch it, too?”

“Yes, but not with the ropes, you bastard. I need you inside me!”

I didn’t have to be asked twice. I stripped down, climbed on top of her, and brought her to an incredibly quick orgasm. The second one came simultaneously with my own, and I united her as she recovered.

“Did you enjoy the day,” I asked, knowing the answer.

“You put me on the bus,” she accused, but there was a twinkle in her eye.

“Maybe next time, I’ll let Susan take you with her on the trip. But then she won’t be able to bring a change of clothes.”

“Speaking of clothes,” Janie said, “where are mine?”

That’s when I found Susan’s note: “Janie: since I couldn’t bring you on this trip, I brought your clothes. You can go home as you are now, or Rodd can take you as luggage. Love, Susan.”

Janie read the note, then said, “No gag, this time. I’ll be quiet.”
