---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Drone House
authors:
- Lckdnrbbr
tags:
- F-f
- Machine-f
- latex
- drones
- catsuit
- hood
- mask
- tease
- denial
- conditioning
- objectify
- electro
- cons
- X
date: 2025-12-26 00:00:00
---

### Part 17

Alex awoke to the feeling of fingers brushing her cheek, slippery and soft and amplified through the rubber that still covered her head. She could feel the rubber blindfold pressing against her eyes, and yawned freely, realizing the gag had been removed from her mouth. She wasn't wearing her drone mask, just her hood and a blindfold. She was curled up on a bed, her arms chained to her collar and still in her suit, but quite comfortable.

"Hmm, I could get used to waking up next to you," Jane said, "all rubbered up and bound."

Jane ran her fingers down Alex's shoulder, and Alex stretched and moaned, feeling herself already springing to arousal. She longed to reach out and touch Jane and strained against her bonds. She wanted to see her, but she couldn't remove the blindfold without help.

"Could you take this off?" Alex said, testing her voice, realizing that she'd been gagged for almost the entirety of the last day, and speaking felt a little foreign.

"Which bit, the blindfold? Oh, hmm, 'do I want to' is the question," Jane said, toying with her. "See, right now you're not supposed to be anywhere else. You're just supposed to be right here for me to take care of, to make sure you get a good night's rest."

Jane pushed back gently on Alex's shoulder.

"So did you get all the rest and recovery you want?" Jane said. "Or is there anything else I can do for you?"

Alex melted as Jane flopped her onto her back and then straddled her, sitting her butt down on Alex's privates and pressing her hands down on her shoulders like a cat pouncing on its prey.

"See, I'd rather keep you just like this, just my little toy to bat around."

Jane ground down into Alex and Alex bit her lip and moaned.

"Oh, oh," Alex moaned, her hips pressing up towards Jane, but Jane lifted herself up onto her toes and balanced away, teasing her

"Please, please. Oh…god," Alex moaned again. "It's been so much, not being able to… please." Alex's voice was pleading, begging Jane to help her come.

"I do like the sound of you begging," Jane said, grinding down into Alex again and feeling her shudder and vibrate. "So needy, so desperate. What's it been, pet? A day? And you're already willing to beg. To beg for me to let you come."

"Yes, yes," Alex said, starting to lose her ability to make coherent words. "Please."

"Hmm." Jane extended one leg back behind her and pressed her thigh against Alex's privates, pressing her way in and up.

"Oh, ffff… fuck," Alex said, losing herself in the sensation of pleasure. "please." Alex convulsed there, feeling the pleasure rising. "Oh god, please Jane. I'll do anything. Just let me come, please, anything."

"I do like the sound of that."

"Anything, everything, I'll be your slave forever."

"See, now you're talking my language, but I also think you're making promises you can't keep, and besides, I'm not allowed."

"What? Wait. No. Jane," Alex moaned. "Please." Alex said, but was interrupted by another shudder, and another moan. "please, you've got to…"

"Oh no, I'd be in big, big trouble, and so would you, by the way. It's not for you to decide."

"Oh," Alex moaned. How was this making her even hornier? She'd been toyed with and edged again. She sat on the edge of carnal bliss and was left wanting.

Jane pulled away and Alex convulsed and made keening noises. "Please…" she whined and curled up fetal, tried to grind her thighs together.

"So cute… you're not gonna get enough sensation that way. Why do you think your hands are locked anyway?"

"Oh, fuck," Alex said, realizing her state and convulsing again, the submissive bliss taking over.

"Now I'm gonna go get your nutrition ready for the day. Make sure you're hydrated and good. You're not off duty yet, and the AI wants to talk to you. I'll see you in a little bit."

Alex just moaned again, still blindfolded, rolling on the rubber bed, desperate for any sort of sensation, wondering if she could grab the pillow with her feet, bring it down to hump.

**"Hello, my dear."**

The AI's voice surrounded Alex, causing an involuntary shudder and another ripple of pleasure.

**"Having naughty thoughts? Are you wondering whether you can get yourself there without my permission?**

**"Do you imagine that I'm ever not watching, my dear? This is, in fact, my favorite show, seeing a little drone caught in my trap, absolutely driven wild with need. I wonder if I left you to your own devices, would I catch you humping the arm of a chair like a dog? It feels as though the thought has already crossed your mind. You see what I'm turning you into? A feral creature, absolutely consumed with its own need, with the desire and purpose of seeking pleasure. Like a starving animal, your instincts are beginning to take over.**

**"Every sensation is becoming amplified, every thought centers around the sensation and pleasure and indulging your fetishes and kinks, all in pursuit of the release that you just cannot reach. Do you love being kept like this?"**

Alex moaned again, shuddering, loving the AI's voice, its seductive tones, lulling her into that deep, submissive trance-like state. "Yes," she whimpered.

**"And so a question for you, in your true, deep heart of hearts… What was better? When you controlled things? When you could sate your need whenever you wished in your lonely apartment? Or this… when I'm in control, when I dictate whether or not you come, and I keep you in this blissful state of want and need and 'so close'. Did you ever imagine you could stay horny for so long or ride foreplay for days?"**

Alex felt the AI's words like a lover's caresses. She was lost in the dance again, moaning and convulsing as it spoke.

**"So tell me, which do you prefer? When you're in control or when I am?"**

"Oh," Alex moaned, gasping in air as her arousal peaked. "Oh, oh god, oh, when you are."

**"Mmm… I know, pet. But it's so delicious to have you admit it. Do you trust me?"**

"Yes. Yes, completely."

**"Did you like everything I did yesterday?"**

"…No," Alex answered tentatively, but knowing it was the truth. The "reward" had been challenging, and somewhat painful, and she desperately wanted to come. She hadn't liked all of it.

**"Now, did you** _**need***_*it?"**

Alex began to convulse again, her breathing coming quicker, knowing the real answer. She did.

"Yes."

**"Did I give you what you truly desire, what calls to you?"**

"Yes."

**"And would you do anything to feel that sort of fulfillment again?"**

"…Yes."

**"Hmm, Alex, my beautiful toy, I will endeavor to constantly earn that devotion, that trust, not by giving in, not by making it easy or giving you what you think you want, but by making absolutely certain that I'm giving you what you** _**need***_*, what you desire in your deepest, darkest secrets. I will truly try to fulfill those needs, my dear.**

**"And so that brings us to today. I have one more assignment before your shift ends. We could go a number of ways with this. I could give you duties here at the house and take it easy on you. I could send you back to the market now that you're more comfortable there, or…**

**"We can leap ahead a little, to a game I like to call remote control."**

Alex moaned involuntarily, something in the back of her mind loved the sound of that.

**"I love that reaction, dear. I haven't even told you what the game is, but your body seems to sense that it's right up your alley. You recall when I forced you out into the market, that you hesitated, and I pushed you past your fear, little shocks and prods and also a touch of gross motor movement, just a little step in the right direction. When I bridge certain contacts in your suit, I can operate your body a bit like a puppet, not entirely, but enough to give you a sense of what you should do, how you should move.**

**"Do you see what this is leading to?"**

"You're gonna puppeteer me."

**"Hmm, yes, my dear, I could take control for an entire shift. In fact, if you'd like to play this game, I won't even tell you what the job is. You'll simply be deposited where I need you. You will function the way I order your body to and you will complete the task until you are collected like a perfect automaton, just the thing that I remotely operate, doing my bidding and forced to ride along."**

Alex shuddered at the word "forced."

**"God, I love how you react to the word 'forced,' my dear. That was how I first** _**knew***_*about you. I had my inklings, but that first conversation with Jane set all the wheels in motion. You were indeed going to be a quick learner.**

**"Now look at you. Do you feel like this is the right place for you?"**

"Yes," Alex whispered. "Yes, absolutely."

**"For over twenty-four hours, you have been in that suit, your bodily functions have been controlled. You've been separated from the world, trapped in an endless dance of ecstasy and edging and pushed to discover new experiences, new limits.**

**"Now you have a chance to push them even further. I will warn you, I want to keep you just as needy and desperate and horny as you are now, which means I have very little intention of letting you come and breaking the spell. You will remain chaste, trapped, wrapped in rubber and controlled. Is that what you truly want?"**

Alex fought with herself. She couldn't truly want this again, could she? But the electric vibration from the base of her spine up through her stomach and privates all the way up her shoulders and neck ran through her, an instinctual feeling from deep inside her having nothing to do with the suit's electrodes.

Alex moaned as the wave of pleasure ran through her. The moan turned into convulsions, and then words which seemed to spill out of her mouth unbidden. "Yes…" she said, and shuddered. "Yes…" as another convulsion hit. "Yes…" Her true need and desire had spilled forth, despite what she thought she wanted. She was trapped in her own desire, and that thought brought her even closer to coming.

**"One yes will suffice, dear. Very well… ever deeper we fall."**

\*\*\*

Jane entered the room, walked over to the bed where Alex was curled, gently removed the blindfold from where it was attached to her hood.

Alex blinked her eyes open and looked up at the beautiful rubber-clad Jane. Her drone mask was off, but her head was still covered by the black, gleaming rubber hood.

"All right, we've got to get you ready," Jane said. "Here. Drink this."

She set another hydration bag down next to Alex and put the straw in her mouth, but it wasn't the normal lemon-flavored hydration fluid. It was something thick and vanilla. Alex realized she hadn't eaten since putting on the suit.

"Don't drink too fast. That's protein, some good fats, some vitamins and hydration too. It'll keep you going the rest of the day, until we get you off duty and you can have a proper meal."

"Good," Jane said as Alex finished the pack.

"I hadn't realized how hungry I was," Alex said, a little breathlessly.

"Yeah, when we're distracted, it doesn't seem to bother us that much. You'll get used to the cycle. The fasting seems to be good for us anyway, and the AI monitors everything."

"Okay, up you come," Jane said, motioning to Alex's arm, helping her sit up on the bed and then swing her feet down.

Jane's hand lingered on Alex's side while she pulled her up, and she couldn't resist pressing herself forward into her as Alex sat on the edge of the bed, feeling the heat of their bodies against each other. Jane gave Alex a long, adoring, languid kiss.

Alex's hands were still bound up at her collar, but she leaned into Jane in the kiss. Oh god… she wanted her so bad.

"It's hard to let you go when I've got you right here," Jane said, "but orders are orders."

Jane produced the key from the satchel at her hip and unlocked the cuffs from Alex's collar.

Alex straightened and flexed her arms, feeling the tension in her inner elbow.

"Okay, today's activities need a little bit of extra protection. Put your hands in these," Jane said, producing a pair of long, thick rubber gloves that came up just to Alex's elbow. She helped Alex work her hands down into the lubed gloves, and then rolled them all the way up until they snapped in place.

Alex pushed the other hand down and felt it snap into place as well.

"Okay, and your boots," Jane said, producing a pair of boots quite a bit bigger and heavier than Alex had seen before, clearly more functional than aesthetic, but still having a certain stompy black charm. When she was in them, she stood slightly taller than Jane. Jane attached her waste hose from her suit into the right boot.

"Next, and your hydration," Jane said, helping Alex sling the bag over and around her.

"And tools," Jane produced a second satchel that slung across Alex's body just like the hydration pack. She felt several long, solid items in the canvas bag riding almost like a scabbard on her back where a sword would go, but just zippered shut.

"What's in the…" Alex began, but Jane waved her off, smiling.

"You'll find out. It's not for me to say." Jane looked at Alex, the passion in her eyes shifting subtly. "Alex," Jane said, hesitating slightly. "I… I want to make sure you're sure. I know the AI already checked with you, but things are getting a little heady. What you're going to do today is… it's sort of an advanced move. I just, I care about you. I want to make sure you don't get hurt. I trust the AI, but I wonder if maybe you aren't moving a little fast."

Alex looked at Jane, seeing the concern in her face, and contemplating for a moment. "Thank you," Alex said after a while. "I wonder too, but, I don't know, it just… the AI seems to know me better than I do, and I just want to see where all these paths lead. I've done so many things in the last few days that I never would have dreamed of, and they've all been amazing. I honestly don't know if I could ever live without this all being part of my life now. I'm not hoodwinked or under some spell, I'm just discovering who I am and what I *need*." Alex said with a shy smile.

"You brought me into this world," Alex said, now touching Jane's cheek. "I trust you and the other drones here, and I trust the AI, and… I know how to stop the game. If it's too much for me, I'll opt out. But I love seeing how deep this rabbit hole goes. Is that okay?"

"Oh, honey. It's more than okay. It's just… huh… this is gonna make me blush. It's just… I get so hot seeing you dive in like this and… transformed into something that I want so bad it hurts. I worry that I'm letting the 'horny' cloud my judgment. I just wanted to make sure I wasn't pushing you."

"You haven't done anything except invite me in and care for me. I know you don't want to hurt me, and I promise I won't hurt myself. Okay?"

Jane sighed and smiled. "Okay… I've gotta be honest. I am gonna be dreaming about you all day. You're going on one of my favorites today. I hope it's good for you, too, but you pull that ripcord if you need to. Today's gonna be a little scary at times. You might feel a little alone, but remember, we're just around the corner. You're always safe. Okay?"

"Okay," Alex said, feeling a flutter of fear and excitement in her chest. Jane's sweet concern made her feel a little emotional too.

Jane took on a bit of a stiff upper lip attitude. "Well, drone, your mask."

She handed Alex her visor. Alex lifted it up and put it on, felt the familiar *click*, saw her HUD come online.

**"There'll be no need for the gag today, dear, I'll give your jaw a rest,"** the AI said. **"Now stay a bit quiet in the hall for me, most of the other drones are still sleeping,"** the AI said in a quieter tone.

As they exited the room, Alex realized that it was still mostly dark out, with just tiny gray rays of dawn beginning to filter through the windows of the loft.

Jane tucked her visor under her arm and led Alex out. Alex felt the cool, misty air hit the outside of her rubber-covered shell, and saw the dots of water bead on the front of her visor.

It was just gently sprinkling and she put her head back and allowed herself to feel it, the sensation of being totally enclosed and protected and yet completely connected to the elements. She felt like a little kid walking in her rain slicker. She wanted to stomp through the puddles in her boots.

They quietly made their way to the car, and Jane shut the door gently. Alex clicked the harness around herself, and snapped her wrists in place, allowing herself to sink into the comfortable subspace of the seat.

Jane got in the front seat, placing her visor on the seat next to her, removing her hood. She shook her hair loose and smiled back at Alex. "It's not a long drive. When we get there, you're going to join the other drones and just do what comes naturally. Remember, just say 'meta moment,' or tap your right ear twice if you need me to rescue you. Once we start this car, it's all business from then on, unless you call your safe word. This is a one-way trip today. You don't come back until one of us collects you. You understand?"

Alex felt a thrum of fear and pleasure roll through her. She moaned before she could say "Mmm hmm."

"Haha. You really are a glutton for it. All right, drone, here we go."

Jane brought the EV quietly to life, backed out of the spot and drove out into the city. Alex, once again, watched from the seat, feeling the smooth leather on her rubber-covered body, watching the buildings and lights go by as the gray light steadily grew on the horizon, dimmed by the storm clouds in the rain.

They drove for about ten minutes before arriving at the back of a large old building.

Jane parked the car, came around to let Alex out, not saying a word.

Alex stood there waiting for instructions or anything to do. Jane helped her place her tools back on her back, caressed the side of her visored face once more, and just whispered, "Have fun."

Then Jane got in the EV and quietly rolled away.

Alex stood behind the building in the dusky light, seeing a few shiny black forms moving in the distance.

**"Welcome Drone to work shift. Location, 203912, program 17."**

The AI didn't sound quite like itself, more like an industrial ancestor.

**"Proceed to work area."**

Alex looked around thinking, *I'd love to if I could figure out which way.*

And right on cue, a thuddy shock hit Alex's right glute and quad, goosing her into motion. Rhythmically a second hit her left leg.

She stumbled a bit, not knowing quite what to do with the sensation, but it was clear it wanted her to walk forward. She hadn't moved fast enough, and the next shock hit her right leg harder.

"Oh," Alex said, catching on. "Okay, okay," she said to no one in particular, and started marching in the direction of the other black figures.

*Oh god,* Alex thought. *I really am just a puppet out here. Oh,* the word "puppet" seemed to have a convulsive effect on her. *I'm just a puppet on a string.*

"Oh." Alex felt the convulsion, the shift of her hips, the tensing, and then the pooling of the arousal. "Oh…"

The word "puppet" must have been programmed in while she slept, or maybe she'd been awake. It was all very hazy, but it felt very good… She was going to be forced, puppeteered. "Oh," Alex played with it, trying to stop her legs from walking forward, thinking she could turn back, see if Jane was still at the EV.

Correction was swift. Two shocks behind her knees, a sharp one at the right side of her butt, and one on her right shoulder where she had turned.

"Ah!" Alex yelled in earnest. "Shit! Aaah!"

The AI hit her again, strong like a cattle prod.

"Oh, fuck… fuck," Alex said, shaking it off and trotting back in the direction she was supposed to go. This system was not messing around. This wasn't like the gentle force at the market. She really was going to go forward, whether she liked it or not.

Jesus, she said, nearly doubling over as the wave of pleasure cascaded. She was completely out of control, literally just a thing being used by a computer.

She wasn't getting out of the suit. She wasn't going to get to stop doing what she was doing. She was just going to *have to*.

She thought for a second, and though she'd said and heard the words many times already before, they finally made sense.

*It's a joyride,* she thought, and moaned. *I don't get to control anything, I just have to go where it takes me.*

She moaned once more as she walked, trying not to double over as the wave of pleasure rolled over her, relaxing her shoulders. She let her mind slide back and let her head dance on her neck as if it were weightless, and felt as her legs received the signal to move in time, and she felt herself lift them, but also felt like they would probably work on their own.

She was nearly lost in pleasure when she arrived at where the other drones were working, and she looked and saw what they were doing.

Towering above them, nearly four stories tall, were piles of waste and refuse, all in giant black bags. Drones were taking bags from the pile, moving them into auto trucks, making sure they were packed neatly, and then sending the trucks on their way. Wherever this pile had come from, it was going to take days of work like this.

It didn't smell pleasant, but it also wasn't retch-inducing, more industrial than organic, and Alex felt protected by her heavy gloves and boots and by her suit and mask.

It didn't take long for the suit to press her into action, directing her towards one of the bags. She expected a shock at her shoulder and one at her arm, directing her to pick it up, but the shocks at her leg kept pressing her onward.

So the AI wanted her to climb up onto it.

She did, clambering up the hill of garbage, each step in the direction the AI wanted her to climb coming with its own little micro-reward for obeying. Alex climbed until the AI did finally indicate that her arms should move forward.

She reached out and felt pressure on the outside of her biceps and on her forearms, and understood that she was to grasp and grab. She did, grabbing the bag, lifting, and Alex felt a slightly larger reward of pleasure roll through her suit for picking it up. Each task seemed like a little videogame, with rewards of pleasure for good work, and consequences for getting it wrong. She felt a tug at her hip and the pressure on her side directing her to turn about-face and proceed back down the hill.

*Just a tool to be used,* Alex thought, shuddering. *Just a thing being forced… for a whole shift like this, no way out…*

The thought sent another wave of pleasure through her as she descended the pile, bag in hand, her body moving in response to the AI's commands, a perfect rubber puppet doing exactly what it was told.
