---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/machine/storiessz/starfarer.html
subcategory: Devoured Stories
title: Starfarer
authors:
- Stigma
tags:
- Machine/f
- abduction
- bond
- sci-fi
- alien
- probes
- insert
- nipple
- torment
- mast
- climax
- denial
- nc
- X
date: 2009-06-27 00:00:00
---

I do not endorse intergalactic kidnapping. Do not attempt any of the following. All characters are fictional or possibly somebody you don't know, so don't worry about it.

Elizabeth yawned, blinking her eyes in the soft light. She attempted to bring her hand up rub away the remaining sleep from her vision. Still not fully awake, she struggled in confusion when her hand was held in place. Her sense of proprioperception slowly returned, giving her an intrinsic knowledge that her body was lying down, feet shoulder width apart, with her hands at her sides. Struggled more then in increasing anxiety and felt the restraints on her wrists, ankles, thighs – she even felt resistance at each finger, as though metal gloves pinned them down.

There was a mild hum as the table began to fold at her waist, and her legs below the knees descended, bringing her to a sitting position, her hands on armrests. The surface was soft and warm, and would have been comfortable were her anxiety making her struggle so hard against the restraints.

Once in a sitting position, she could look down in the dim lighting and found she was naked. A rookie scientist at the United Space Institute, she had little time to work on her figure, but had a natural beauty nonetheless. Her bust was naturally large in comparison with her slim waist – the result of absent-minded missed meals. Her brown hair fell behind her ears and descended to just past her shoulders. She had more than a few suitors over the years, but none of them worked out for various reasons. Her pale skin was perfect, but little things like the ragged edges of nails from her nervous gnawing, the frequent marks of lab goggles around her eyes, and the fact that she never bothered with makeup or to do anything with her hair prevented her from being more than a constant distraction for her male colleagues.

The soft ambient glow of lights only gave silhouettes of the numerous instruments around her. The room itself seemed small - at least the panorama of her limited view appeared so. The opposite wall was only a few feet away, and it was too dark to see if there was even a door there.

Elizabeth quieted her involuntary gasps that resulted from her struggles and listened for a sound. Nothing came, and there was no noise other than her breathing. Increasingly panicked, she called out, “Hello? Help!”

With no flicker or static for preamble, a screen appeared in front of her. The image hovered in the air, clearer than any holoscreen she was familiar with. The display showed a static image of two emerald eyes, glowing and pupil-less. The silhouetted frame of the face seemed to shift and move. No other features but the glowing eyes were visible in the face.

Elizabeth, sounded a voice. The sound was androgynous and seemed to be an overlay of many voices speaking at once. Elizabeth at once understood this was the voice of an AI or someone filtering his or her voice to remain anonymous.

You have been selected for further study. This containment chamber will suspend you for your journey to a research station.

“Study? Let me go, please! Is this about the Starfarer project? Please, it’s just an experiment! My government is working in partnership with many other countries! I’m sure they would be willing to work with you!” Her voice cracked in a startled sob as machinery hummed around her.

Impressed though we are at your government discovering what you call the ‘Starfarer’ technology, that is not the aim of our studies. The level of your space travel is in its infant stages. Even with the completion of your drive, it would take millennia to reach the research station to which you now travel.

As the voice spoke, two arms descended from out of view behind her. The ends of each arm were suction cups of some sort. Inside the cups were small, moving arms. They lowered into place on Elizabeth’s chest, sealing over her skin around the mounds. She grunted in surprise as she felt a pull on her breasts as a mild suction was applied.

“What then? What do you want for me?”

Long distance scan have revealed to us much of your physiology and some of your societal patterns. You, and many others from your planet, were selected to provide more insight into individual psyche and physical variations. In particular, your involvement in Starfarer project and your affect on the males of your species is of interest.

“What are you? You’re not human?” She gasped again as she felt the arms within the cups brush her nipples, giving them soft tugs and even moist licks.

Multiple voices answered simultaneously: Yes, No, Perhaps

“So what is all this?” She demanded.

The first reply was a whispering of plastic and metal sliding. Another cup on an arm ascended from between her legs. It was shaped in such a way as to cover her vaginal lips and up to her pubic mound. Again, there was a slight tug as a seal formed.

Even for us it takes time to travel between the stars. The pod you are in is designed to begin experiments before you even reach your destination. Currently it is calibrating to your body and determining your response to stimulus parameters. For this initial stage only, we can sedate you mildly, if you please.

“Just stop it!” Elizabeth struggled against the restraints. Just as she pulled, she felt something teasing her lips and clitoris. She gasped as a lubricated dildo slid slowly into her vagina. It gradually expanded, seeming to test the tension in her vaginal walls and her limits. As it did, a soft, moist surface met her clitoris. It hummed softly. Elizabeth found her getting forcibly aroused. Her boyfriends had been nerds, connecting with her on an intellectual level more than a physical one, and already this machine was better than anyone with whom she had shared her bed.

Too startled to say anything, another protrusion teased her virgin behind. A soft “Noo” escaped her lips as it slowly moved in, filling her.

In order to obtain full information, we must also make use of your mouth. You will be unable to communicate for much of this process. Your verbal input is unnecessary at this stage. The journey takes some time. Do not be concerned, nutrition and wasted is automated, and pharmaceuticals will be provided to prevent sickness or madness. The screen disappeared.

“Madness!?” Before Elizabeth could protest further, a dildo shot toward her face. Unable to turn her head, her flinch was replaced by a device finding an opening in her teeth and forcing her jaws open. As the smooth surface moved into her mouth, she attempted to bite down but was prevented by the clamps on her teeth. The dildo pushed back to her throat, making her gag. As she did, a warm fluid expelled from the tip of the device into her mouth. The muscles in her throat relaxed and her gag reflex was suppressed.

A new voice sounded in the confined space. It was purely mechanical and intoned, **STAGE 1: DETERMINING LOWER LIMIT OF CLIMAX. ESTIMATED DURATION, 1 MINUTE**

As soon as the voice was finished, the dildo in her pussy began moving in and out. The device affixed to her clit vibrated faster, licking her into frenzy. The rectal dildo began moving as well. Both dildos moved, they increased and decreased in size. The cups on her breast were busy too, massaging and pulling at her. The dildo in her mouth suddenly felt warm and flesh-like. The sensations grew and grew, causing Elizabeth to moan in desperation. After a mere minute of movement, the machine tipped her over the edge, forcing the most fantastic climax Elizabeth had ever felt from her body. Scream was muffled almost to silence as the muscles under her skin writhed and fought at the constraints. All at once the stimulation ended.

Elizabeth panted around the dildo as the mechanical voice continued: **STAGE 2: DEPRIVATION AND DENIAL.** Elizabeth groaned as the machine began its torment again. This time she felt hands on her body, massaging her all over. Despite being in the afterglow of her first orgasm, she felt herself building again. She was in forced ecstasy. Before she could climax, however, the vibration and fucking machines slowed, keeping her on edge. Desperately, she tried to finish their job, but the machines prevented her from reaching orgasm.

The voice intoned once more: **ESTIMATED DURATION, 3 WEEKS**

Elizabeth’s eyes opened wide in panic. 3 weeks? She couldn’t be on edge for another moment, much less 3 weeks. As tears formed in her eyes, a blindfold descended, covering her eyes and plugs were placed in her ears, thoroughly limiting her senses to machinations of the devices.

For an endless period she was held in constant, torturous pleasure, but unable to climax. Occasionally fluid would feed through the dildo in her mouth, and she could only assume that waste was handled in such a way that she couldn’t feel it. The chair moved and contorted, not content to just leave her in a sitting position. At some points she even felt as though she was being spanked. It was all just below the threshold to allow her release. Painless electrical pulses periodically worked her muscles to prevent atrophy. Worst of all, something they were injecting her with prevented sleep. No matter how many times she was brought to the edge only to be denied, she had enough energy to keep struggling. After a week, she couldn’t concentrate, by the end of the second week the tears had completely finished and she had accepted her hell of eternal pleasure.

After 3 weeks, but seemed like years in her blind prison of sensual torture, the machines stopped. Whatever was keeping her awake ended then, too, and she slipped into unconsciousness.

The first voice woke her: Elizabeth. Stage 1 is complete. Congratulations, we collected very interesting data. Do not be concerned about passing time. Medicine beyond your understanding prevents your body from aging.

She discovered she wasn’t even drowsy. Her sanity seemed intact, though she had been mindless only moments before, it seemed to her. Some sort of psychotropic drugs, she guessed.

There is only one more stage to complete. We look forward to meeting you in person.

The mechanical voice chimed again. **STAGE 3: PROLONGED STIMULATION.**

The machines again began to move inside her, and felt her body being massaged and stimulated. She sobbed, thinking there was no way she could survive another three weeks held of the edge of climax. To her surprise and utter bliss she was immediately taken over the edge. The orgasm rolled on and on, fulfilling her desperate need for release she had wanted for the previous 3 weeks.

The pleasure continued, actually beginning to worry her. She struggled to curl her toes and her eyes rolled into the back of her head as the machine filled every nook and cranny of her body and moved in such a way as to prevent the orgasm from ending. Then she understood the meaning of “prolonged simulation.” The device was never going to end the pleasure.

As the endless orgasm continued her body was curled into a ball, pulled into an X, never letting up. As she body jerked without noticeable movement she despaired that the drugs in her body not only helped keep her aroused but wouldn’t allow sleep or even allow madness to give her respite.

In her state of pure bliss she could barely hear the voice of the machine: **ESTIMATED ARRIVAL TIME AND STAGE 3 DURATION: 1 YEAR**
