---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'How to swallow a man: Confessions of a Giantess'
authors:
- Adeline
tags:
- F/m+
- majick
- shrink
- giantess
- tease
- mast
- climax
- swallowed
- digested
- soft
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2005-10-19 00:00:00
---

I wasn't born with the ability to shrink people, it was something I
discovered quite by accident. My mother was into the occult at a time when
it really wasn't trendy the way it seems to be now. There was this small
store on the west end of town that sold books and talismans. My mom would
go there occasionally and she used to take me along rather than pay a sitter.

The store had a jewelry counter where I suppose they kept their more
valuable pieces for display. On this particular day there was a necklace
that caught my eye. It had a kind of opaline stone in a triangular silver
setting. It was the stone though that I first noticed because it seemed
to shimmer with an energy that appeared to emanate from within. The woman
who ran the shop noticed my interest and removed the necklace from the
display. She held it up. The woman told me that I needed to close my eyes
and concentrate on whether or not the stone wanted to come with me. To
my surprise, I had the feeling that it did want to come with me.

I looked into the woman's eyes. I can still to this day remember those
eyes. They were deep set and seemed to look through me, into me. I glanced
away and she laughed. Then she handed me the necklace. I was aware that
it felt heavier than its size would indicate and I felt something, though
I can't explain what. "This necklace just came in yesterday," she said.
"Part of an estate sale. It was meant for you." Then she smiled and asked
my mother if she needed any help.

I was just 11 then. From that moment on, I always wore the necklace
or at least had it nearby. It was not until my 13th year that I discovered
it's true power and purpose. I was developing into an attractive young
girl, filled with the romantic stirrings of adolescence, save for one secret.
From the time I had been a small child I had fantasized about swallowing
live things. At first I fantasized that I was a cat and would capture some
poor mouse and swallow it in one gulp. As I became older the fantasy changed
and I would pretend that I was a woman swallowing tiny men.

What happened next changed my life forever. I was in the school cafeteria
eating lunch with my friends. There was a boy, Darrel Smithson, that I
had a huge crush on. He was standing at the end of the table where I was
sitting. Suddenly his clothes fell to the ground in a heap. My friend,
Evelyn screamed and everybody was just looking at the pile of clothes on
the floor. Pam Shoemaker picked the clothes up and shook them as if she
expected something to happen. It was right after that, when I glanced down
and noticed something on the floor near Evelyn's foot. At first I thought
it was a strange bug then realized that it was Darrel. I pretended to drop
my napkin and scooped him up. I didn't know what else to do so I dropped
him into my purse. Then I realized that I had been thinking about what
it would be like if he were a tiny man just before he had disappeared.

It wasn't until I got home that I was able to take Darrel out of my
purse and talk with him. He was terrified. I tried to visualize him as
his normal size but nothing happened. I felt so guilty about shrinking
him. At first I tried to make him comfortable and reassure him but I began
to think about him less as a person and more as something to play with.
He was so totally freaked out by the situation. I guess I couldn't blame
him. The bra I was wearing had a stretchy triangular inset between the
cups and I dropped Darrel inside so that he was supported by the band underneath
and nestled between my breasts. He didn't seem to mind. I kept him there
all evening until bed time. I had a small jewelry box and locked him inside
during the night for safekeeping and to make sure he didn't escape. The
next morning I woke knowing exactly what to do.

When I was a girl in junior high, it was fairly common to wear a girdle
under your dress or skirt. I had a couple of girdles that I sometimes wore.
They were very utilitarian things, not at all sexy, but they would make
a secure prison that my tiny classmate could not escape from. This particular
one was black with cuffed leg openings encircled with a kind of rubber
to help them grip and stay in place. I first put on my pantyhose then slid
the girdle up to about my thighs. I scooped little Darrel from my jewelry
box and dropped him into the girdle. I watched him slide into the filmy
nylon crotch then tugged it the rest of the way on. When I looked down
between my legs, I could see a slight lump where Darrel lay. At first he
struggled, which felt kind of nice, but after a while I guess he must have
gotten tired or realized that he couldn't get out. Anyway, I finished dressing
and went to school.

It was such a turn on to be sitting in class and know that he was trapped
inside my girdle. Every so often I would feel him squirm a little, then
the sensation would stop. At first I worried that something might happen
to him, like he might get squished or suffocate. I tried to be careful
when I crossed my legs, not to press them together too hard. I checked
on him several times during the day, whenever I had to go to the bathroom.
He was angry but seemed to be fine otherwise.

When I got home that afternoon, I went straight to my room and took
off the girdle. I was so turned on by then. From the time I had been a
kid I had fantasized about swallowing a tiny boy and now I held a two and
a half inch tall guy in the palm of my hand. The temptation was just too
great. Darrel was shouting at me, wanting to know what I was going to do
with him. I asked him if he had ever fantasized about being swallowed alive.
He got very quiet which I took for a 'no'.

I grabbed him by the ankles and held him upside down over my open mouth.
I played with him a little, running my tongue over his body. He tasted
a little salty. When he called me a 'stupid fucking bitch,' I got angry
and dropped him into my mouth; snapping my jaws shut. He was putting up
a tremendous struggle. I could feel him clawing at my gums and I could
hear him screaming, begging me not to eat him. I don't know why but his
struggling and pleading turned me on even more. I felt very seductive and
feminine.

I was real nervous. I had swallowed plenty of pills but never anything
this big and never anything that fought back. I used my tongue to gently
flatten Darrel against the roof of my mouth and sort of moved him around
until I could feel that he was pointed head first toward my throat. It
wasn't easy because he kept trying to squirm away. I held him like that
for several seconds while I got up the nerve to go through with it. I was
actually shaking with energy. I maneuvered him further back into my mouth
as I tipped my head back. I felt him drop into my throat and swallowed.

I could feel him moving down my throat, the way you feel a large lump
of food when you swallow it all at once. Only, this lump was squirming,
fighting not to go down. It seemed to take forever as the wriggling lump
moved very slowly down. I could feel it descending inside my neck, then
just past my collar bone the sensation abruptly stopped. I guessed he must
be inside my stomach. I felt very satisfied and stretched out on my bed
still extremely turned on.

What happened next was a total surprise. As if the act of swallowing
Darrel had not been totally incredible, I suddenly felt tickled. It startled
me at first; so much that I actually jumped. The tickling was coming from
inside me, right at the curve of my left breast. It took a minute to realize
that I was feeling Darrel moving inside my stomach. It never occurred to
me that I might actually be able to feel some sort of sensation inside
me like that. I loved the way it felt and the fact that it was my classmate
trying to fight his way out made it better still. It felt like there was
a nerve connected from my stomach directly to my genitals and every time
he moved I felt increasingly turned on. I wriggled out of my hose and began
to rub myself as he struggled inside me. I had never had an orgasm before
and was not sure what had happened to me. I just knew that my whole body
erupted into these electric tickles that curled my toes and shot out through
my fingertips. Every part of my body felt alive and sensitive. It felt,
well. . . orgasmic!

It took a while to come down from that. It didn't help that Darrel was
still moving about inside me. I felt wonderfully delicious and utterly
feminine. I'm not sure how long I had been lying there when I heard my
mom calling. I slipped into sweat pants and a tee shirt and went to the
kitchen to help her with dinner. My mother was very intuitive and I could
tell that she knew something was up with me, but she never asked. There
were a couple of times that I jumped when Darrel started really struggling.
One time I noticed my mom looking at me with this funny smile on her face.
I later found out that she knew exactly what I had done.

I felt Darrel struggling inside me all through dinner. I wondered what
it was like being inside my stomach as it filled with food and began mixing
and digesting. It wasn't until a couple of hours later, while I was studying,
that I realized I hadn't felt Darrel moving for a while and I guessed that
he must have been digested with the rest of my meal. That was a pity, I
enjoyed knowing he was there inside me. It gave me a since of satisfaction
and comfort.

After that incident, I tried to be much more careful about what I thought.
I was actually kind of paranoid. The incident at school made the local
newspaper but the police were mostly baffled by the disappearance and had
no clue what had happened. Darrel had seemingly vanished without a trace.

I managed to make it through most of the school year without further
incident though I thought about it a lot. Then in the spring it happened
again. I had been taking ballet lessons at the local college for several
years. I enjoyed dancing, it made me feel graceful and feminine, and at
the awkward age of 14 I needed to feel both those things. The dance studio
was in a room in the old fieldhouse. I had gotten there early and was starting
my warm ups.

There was this guy standing over by what used to be a concession stand
watching me in a way that made me feel very self conscious and uncomfortable.
I remember thinking that if he were only an inch tall, I would teach him
about staring at young girls. Then, just as before, his clothes were in
a heap on the floor. I went over and began rooting around in them. I caught
something out of the corner of my eye. It was the guy, who looked to be
only an inch or two in size. He was trying to run. I scooped him up in
my hand and quickly pushed his clothes behind the concession stand. I was
studying him when one of the other girls walked up. I didn't know what
to do with him so I pretended to adjust the neck of my leotard and dropped
him inside.

The leotard I was wearing had a low cut back so I wasn't wearing a bra.
I felt him slip between my breasts and slide down my abdomen. I continued
my stretching warm up as if nothing was wrong. As I continued, I felt him
slipping further down until he became entangled in my pubic hair. He was
squirming around quite a bit by now and as I continued my routine I tried
to coax him the rest of the way down into my crotch where he would be less
noticeable. The instructor arrived and we filed into the room to start
class. It was difficult to concentrate with my tiny captive struggling
directly against my vulva. Still, it would have been fine if he hadn't
started hurting me. He was pinching me, or biting me, or something. Whatever
it was, it hurt! The instructor was working with one of the girls, trying
to position her, and everyone was looking her direction. I reached my hand
between my legs and pulled the guy from my crotch. There was no place I
could put him so I raised my hand to my mouth and forced him inside. He
was fighting and I only had a moment. I pressed him hard against the roof
of my mouth. As I felt him go limp, I swallowed and he went down without
a struggle.

As the class continued I thought I felt him inside me a few times but
I think I must have hurt him pretty bad pressing him so hard with my tongue.
None of that would have happened if he had just behaved himself in my crotch.

I continued to swallow guys all through high school, though I had to
be careful and I usually tried to pick strangers rather than classmates.
I accidentally shrank the man next door. I felt really bad about that.
He and his wife had only been married a short time. He was real cute though
and he used to kind of flirt with me. I was in my room fantasizing about
him. I didn't realize that the power could work from a distance. I didn't
even know anything had happened until the police came a few days later
asking if we had seen him. He had been in the bedroom alone and when his
wife came to get him, he was gone except for the clothes he had been wearing.
I don't know what might have happened to him after he shrank. I suspect
his wife swallowed him but then I am biased.

During college it was easier because there was more anonymity. It was
easy for someone to get lost in the shuffle and disappear. I discovered
that the shrinking effect was not random. For it to work there had to be
an energy exchange. By that I mean, the guy had to notice me and feel an
attraction toward me. Fortunately I had grown into a very attractive woman,
so it didn't take much to attract a man's attention.

My routine was fairly consistent. I would catch someone and play with
him for a while, keep him trapped in my bra or panties. Then, usually on
a nearly empty stomach, I would swallow him. I found the sensations were
much more intense if my stomach was empty. They also seemed to live much
longer. There have been several times that I have swallowed a man in the
evening and felt him still moving inside me the next afternoon.

Every so often I get the urge to give them a sporting chance. I remember
one time I came home with a sack of those little hamburgers that are about
2 inches square. After I fished the guy out of my bra, I sat him on the
table and let him watch as I ate the hamburgers. I only had four of them.
I had just finished the third one and pulled the top off the forth. I told
him to climb onto the hamburger and said that once he was on I would put
the top of the bun back on and give him a minute to position himself. Then
I would take a bite. If, after one bite he was still alive, I would not
eat him and instead let him live. He was not too wild about this game until
I told him the other option was for me to swallow him right then. So, he
climbed onto the hamburger and I put the top on the sandwich then counted
to twenty so that he would have time to get into whatever position he thought
best to survive. I picked up the hamburger and slowly pushed the entire
thing into my mouth. I mashed it around more than actually chewing it and
swallowed it in one long gulp. I never did feel him inside me and I suspect
that he was probably crushed as I mashed the sandwich into a swallowable
lump.

I have also had some weird experiences. One of the strangest had to
be this guy I had dated a couple of times. He was getting more serious
about the relationship and I was getting bored. We had made love that afternoon
at his apartment. Afterward, I shrank him and dropped him into my panties
as I dressed. As I was driving home, he began squirming in my crotch and
I felt him doing something at the mouth of my vagina. I don't know if it
was his intention, but he got stuck inside me and suffocated. When I got
home I pulled his limp remains from my vagina. I was going to flush him
but became concerned that someone might somehow find what was left of him
so I swallowed him instead. It was no fun at all but I knew that there
would be nothing for anyone to find.

What was most interesting though was to discover that my mother knew
about my shrinking activities all along. She knew what the necklace was
and had talked with the woman who ran the shop about giving it to me. Apparently
there are a number of these necklaces around and there is a sisterhood
of women who enjoy shrinking people and swallowing them. My mother and
I had always been close and it bothered me that I had this power that I
had kept secret from her. So, one afternoon while I was on a break from
graduate school, we talked about it.

I told her about my experiences and what it felt like to swallow someone
alive. She wanted to know what it was like so the next day we went out
together and I shrank each of us a little man to eat. I must say that it
was very arousing to watch as someone else did the swallowing. My mother
is a very sensuous, erotic woman and watching her as she dropped her tiny
captive onto her tongue and slowly pulled him into her mouth excited me
no end. Her neck muscles undulated as she swallowed and he was gone. She
sat smiling at me like the cat that just ate the canary. Later over dinner,
she told me that she could still feel him struggling to escape. We sipped
our wine and both laughed at the thought of a three inch tall guy thinking
he could somehow escape the inside of our stomachs.

I am now in my early 40s and I have lost count of the number of men
that have passed through my lips into digestive oblivion. I tried a few
times to quit but I enjoy the feeling of power and control too much to
give it up. Not to mention the intense sexual gratification that comes
with having a tiny man fighting to survive inside me. What is the most
exciting is to wake the next morning and have him still alive. I have never
had anyone last more than a day though. I'm not sure if they suffocate
or succumb to stomach acid and digestive enzymes.

I have a young daughter and in a few years, after she reaches puberty,
I will pass the necklace on to her. I think family traditions and lineage
are important. I don't know if her father would approve, he disappeared
shortly after I became pregnant. One of the many missing persons cases
the police still have open on their books.
