---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Just a Jog
authors:
- Zeedrot
tags:
- Sbf
- F/f
- fpov
- bond
- outdoors
- naked
- toys
- gag
- clamps
- rope
- cuffs
- hobble
- leash
- crotchrope
- climax
- transported
- hogtie
- sendep
- cons
- X
date: 2026-01-18 00:00:00
---

### 2 – Picking Up the Pace

Heart pounding, breath ragged, legs fading, music blaring. Zoey could tell she had pushed herself too much. Her body was screaming at her to give up, to give out. It had been an eternity since she had last felt this way. *Can’t stop,* she told herself. She keyed the metal music in her ear up again, a beep indicating it wouldn’t go any louder. Frankly, it was probably already blowing out her eardrum anyways, but she needed something to push her the last quarter mile. Something to carry her to the familiar place on the trail that always caused her anxiety. Usually, it was that faint fear of something bad happening to her, a predator, human or animal, springing from the dense underbrush. Today though, the spot carried a different weight. A mocking, self-doubting voice prodded Zoey’s conscious mind laughing at her foolishness. It told her she had let her kinky thoughts get the better of her, and some poor woman named Tara was paying the price. This had been such a bad idea. It was too unsafe, and with her years of disciplined self-bondage, she should have known better, but the situation had been too tempting.

Zoey had left the honey haired woman, Tara, in an inescapable strappado under a tree in a clearing. It had felt exhilarating at first, the idea of holding the only means of escape for another person between her chest. It had propelled Zoey forward fueling an untenable pace to her run. The idea of having met someone who actually shared her love for self-bondage, and that the woman was both pretty and had let Zoey leave her bound while finishing her run had awakened a playful dominant side in her she hadn’t known was there. The first few minutes after resuming her run she hadn’t thought of the speed she had set, or the strain it was placing on her own body.

Instead, her mind kept leaping back to Tara. How her fidgeting body must be in an all too familiar exquisite agony. Zoey could picture the woman’s curvy legs straining as she rocked from one foot to the other, the woman’s back flexing against the tension, all in some vain hope to relieve her shoulders from the pain building there. The vibrator ripping one orgasm after another from the restricted woman. The first few climaxes Zoey imagined would feel welcome for the other woman, a distraction, but at some point, the pleasure would turn into its own form of unbearable anguish. Zoey flushed more from the thoughts racing through her mind than the ridiculous pace she was setting. It’d been years since she sustained a speed like this, but all good things come to an end.

Somewhere around ten minutes into the run, the creeping critical voice whispered into her ears, bypassing the blaring prog and power metal thrumming away from the earbud. The voice reminded her this wasn’t a fantasy. That picture of the damsel left in the woods was a real person facing real issues with real physical limitations. Zoey hadn’t left the woman in obviously life-threatening bondage, but she would be suffering the entire time, even with the orgasms as distraction, in an inescapable predicament. Sure, Tara had willingly allowed it to happen. Hell, she had suggested it, but what if she quickly regretted it? Zoey had just left her there with no way to signal an out. The runner knew better than to do that, even if the other person had asked for it. It was simply too risky; too many things could go wrong. What if some dangerous animal found the poor woman making distressed sounds? It might get spooked and attack the defenseless bondage enthusiast. What if a ranger found her and took her to jail? What if some crazed murderer found her? What if somehow, she choked on Zoey’s underwear? She had accepted them willingly, but who knew if in the throes of a climax, Tara’s body might accidently cause the garment to slip too far into her throat and block her airway. Such an undignified way to go. Every dark possibility poured into Zoey, and with the rising panic she’d somehow found a new gear that drove her to set a PR on this particular route.

It had come at a steep cost though. A cost Zoey was paying in the present. She couldn’t get enough air despite sucking gasping breaths in at an inhumane rate. She couldn’t remember the last time her body felt this way. The scariest part was how detached her mind felt from the physical toll on her body. Zoey wasn’t sure if she was even picking up her knees anymore or just shuffling along the dirt trail. Her arms had raised out of their relaxed proper position to a strained and wasteful height that put her wrists in line with her shoulders. An awful running form, a sign of her physical and mental fatigue.

The final curve came into view mercifully. *Hold on Tara, I’m almost back*. *Please be alive, please be alive, please be alive*…those last three words becoming a mantra compelling her forward. Despite her spent muscles and oxygen depleted lungs, she felt her body summon one last spurt of energy from some deep secret reservoir. Her pounding footsteps impacted heavily on the trail. Her blurring vision locked to the vegetation that concealed Tara’s place of pain. *I’ve got to get to her.* Zoey’s mind swam in rarely felt foggy waters. *Was she breathing? Were her legs moving? What was she doing?…Tara, have…have to save Tara…*

No more than a few feet from the secret entrance to the clearing concealing the distressed damsel, something snapped in Zoey. Her body broke in the span of a single pounding heartbeat. Before she could really recognize what was happening, she found herself catching her falling body. Her hands and forearms slamming into the compacted dirt of the trail. Her body bounced and skidded across the bare earth, coming to a painful stop.

Zoey pulled herself into a position on her scrapped hands and knees. Wheezing breaths coming in a painful incessant pace. She tried to will her body up, but it simply couldn’t move. All her energy focused merely on maintaining the position and trying to inhale enough oxygen. The edges of her vision had turned black momentarily. A panic gripped her deprived mind as animalistic instincts were taking over. Zoey couldn’t guess how long she remained in this liminal broken state. It could have been five minutes; it could have been five centuries for all she knew. Okay well not centuries, but longer than she would have cared to admit. By the time her faculties started returning to something even close to functional, the chorus of the music had changed to a new song indicating there had been a significant passage of time.

*I feel the power of this sword**Through my veins*

*Oh, how he blows us away!**Oh, how he makes us fall!**We can't last for long**We are on our knees!*

The words made her let out a ragged laugh, well she was definitely on her knees and someone was probably not going to last for long, though she wished she had whatever power Sara and Gian were singing about.

*Okay, take it one step at a time Zoey,* she told herself. *Someone is relying on you*. Taking stock of her aching body, she made sure she hadn’t taken any major injuries from the fall. Only a few scrapes and scratches that lightly burned. Her mind flashed to the most important item in her possession right now, a hand darting to her sports bra, her hand curled tightly around the key to Tara’s salvation. She clutched it hard enough to cause a dull ache in her hand. She was thankful for that little miracle. A small disaster averted. She cut off the music, as she struggled up onto unsure and feeble legs. She moved forward in fits and starts. A stumble here, an unsteady step there. Still, she was progressing. *Hold on Tara. I’m coming.*

As she started pushing through the thicket of flora, Zoey admonished herself for letting her arousal get the better of her earlier. How had she let things get so out of hand? Her fear mounting as she fumbled through the brush. Staggering out into the sun-kissed clearing her racing heart caught at the sight of Tara for a moment.

The woman remained in her bondage, and thankfully was breathing; the weights attached to her nipples slowly rising and dropping with the labored cadence of her breath. Gone though were her previous fidgeting legs and fruitless tugs of the wrists that had captivated Zoey less than a half hour before. Tara’s body rather remained rigid, seeming to be in some final sorry attempt to not incite any additional pain, or perhaps it was simple exhaustion.

Zoey sprinted, or more accurately lumbered with intensity, towards the bound woman. Knowing nothing too terrible had occurred, helped the runner relax a bit. A semblance of arousal crawling back into her mind and body. The blinded Tara seemed to pick up on the approaching woman. She let out a miserable whine. “Hey, hey… it’s me…I’m, I’m going to get you down,” Zoey huffed, her breathing still not fully back to normal. She quickly gripped Tara’s leather-bound wrists and using the key granted to her, released the bound woman from her predicament. She detached the chain lifting the poor woman’s wrists up behind her back toward the above tree branch, an immediate tension being released with the action.

Apparently, the ordeal had been unsurprisingly exhausting to the other woman, and her weakened legs and arms could do little to maintain her balance once the tension was gone, and she began to plummet to the ground. Zoey’s instincts kicked in, and she tried to grab the falling woman. One hand seized Tara’s aching shoulder, the other wrapped around the woman’s waist. The momentum was too much for Zoey to arrest completely on her own, and so she rolled their bodies putting herself between Tara and the hard ground.

The two women hit with force, Tara’s fall softened by Zoey’s body. The wind was knocked out of both, but as they began to get enough air they let out a simultaneous groan. As gently as she could, Zoey slid Tara’s bound body off hers and onto her side in the soft grass. The runner quickly began fumbling with the head harness removing it and lifting it away. The built in ball gag gone, Tara attempted to spit out the saliva and sweat soaked panties Zoey had placed there. It was a bit more than Tara could pull off in her current state, and Zoey soon helped her. “Are you okay?” Zoey wanted to slap herself in the head, of course this woman wasn’t okay, but that wasn’t exactly what she was really asking.

“Ugghh, ah, yeah, I am, kinda,” there was frustration and tiredness in the words, “Uh, hmmm, c-could, uh you perhaps, um, vibrator.” The words tumbling out. Zoey grasping their meaning hurriedly tore the red latex underwear back and pulled the vibrator out rapidly and unceremoniously. A sharp gasp accompanied the wet pop as the vibrator exited Tara’s lower lips. Zoey flung the device away not worrying about if she damaged it, her entire focus now on how Tara was doing. “Uh, oh thank god, thank you,” the blonde offered in gratitude.

Zoey hardly acknowledged the appreciative words. She was already setting to work removing every other restraint on Tara, from her wrists to her ankles. Zoey’s experienced hands made short work of the gear. As she went, she looked for the telltale signs of damage to Tara’s body from the bondage. Luckily, there were only a few minor marks. She could tell from personal experience that one or two places would likely bruise, but that appeared to be the extent of the longer-term damage.

Eventually, Zoey’s gaze wandered to the curvy woman’s heaving chest. Zoey noted the last bit of Tara’s bondage there, a single weighted nipple clamp. There had been two, but she saw the other laying a couple feet away in the grass. It had almost certainly come off at some point during their fall. Looking down at Tara, Zoey cautiously queried, “You ready for that last clamp to come off? It’s going to hurt worse than when it went on, especially after however long ago you put it on.”

Tara didn’t say a word. She squeezed her eyes shut and clenched her jaw. She gave a small nod, and instantly Zoey released the dastardly and stubborn final torment of the day. Despite a brave face, the sudden release caused a loud scream to rip into the air. Zoey prayed no one was nearby to hear it. Once the worst of the pain vanished from Tara’s face, the runner allowed herself to collapse face first back onto the ground. Both women laid there fatigued for very different reasons.

Time passed slowly for both, the harsh rhythm of their recovering breaths the only noise piercing the quiet. Despite their physical toll being the clear reason for the silence, Zoey’s mind began to worry if she had pushed Tara too far. She feared the lasting silence was testimony to the other woman’s rage or hatred at how she had been left. The worry in the runner’s mind paralyzed her, she lay unmoving as much from the doubt as from the physical state of her own battered body. She kept her eyes closed, too worried about the furious glare she might witness staring at her.

It came as a surprise then, when she felt a haphazard tapping as Tara nudged Zoey’s side with the back of her hand a few times. “Hey…I wanted to say, that w-was, that was amazing. Thank you,” the words punctuated by panting breaths.

Zoey rolled onto her back and allowed her eyes to flutter open, the tree branches and dangling chain swaying in a light breeze were the first sights to rush in. She turned back over onto her side cradling her sweat soaked dark hair with her hand, her baseball cap was somewhere on the ground nearby, and she looked at the other spent woman. Rays of light glinted dreamlike off Tara’s honey-kissed hair. Her face reddened by the ordeal and heat of the day. A content smile on her thin, but inviting lips.

Zoey felt an immense relief, and even a swelling of pride at her role in the woman’s current blissful state. She wanted to say something smooth, something romantic even, in response. Instead, she managed a pedestrian, “Happy to help,” in a slightly too eager tone.

Tara and Zoey’s eyes locked into each other as they lay sprawled out in the heat of the day. A new silence was there. Neither sure how to proceed from what had just occurred. Multiple times Zoey tried to find words for the thoughts and feelings rattling in her mind, ones she didn’t even fully grasp in truth. Tara seemed to have her own permanent pensive look. As Tara’s lips began to part to say something, a noise interrupted the thought.

The sound of an ATV barreling down the remote trail came into focus. Both women sat up and stared back towards where the trail lay hidden behind a wall of vegetation. Neither said a word as the sound grew louder. Both of their hearts dropped into their stomachs in fear of discovery. They listened intently as the sound of an engine came and went. Zoey realized she hadn’t been breathing for a long moment, seemingly unconsciously holding her breath as if that might give them away. As the rumbling four wheeled vehicle’s sound faded into the distance, the two women looked at each other. Tara’s face was contorted in confusion and worry. Zoey was tepidly amused. Seeing the difference in the runner’s look, Tara asked in a hushed tone, “You know something I don’t, miss bondage expert?”

Zoey smiled realizing the advantage she has over her new acquaintance, “Yeah, that had to be Curtis. He’s the only park ranger I know of that rides an ATV when checking the trails. If we give it a few minutes, we’ll hear him come back by and then we probably won’t have to worry about any rangers the rest of the day.”

“How do you know that?” a still perplexed look on Tara’s face.

The runner smiled, “I actually know all five rangers that patrol here. I’ve been coming here to run for…” she paused momentarily as if checking a mental calendar, “five years at least now.”

Waiting for the ranger to complete his circuit on the trail, the two women engaged in some small talk, sharing mostly superficial details of their lives as they danced around their shared interest in self-bondage. They did soon realize that, by some serendipity, they lived less than a mile apart back in the suburbs of the city. This weirdly had the effect of setting them a bit more at ease, and they began to delve deeper into learning about each other. Throughout their conversation Zoey couldn’t help but notice that Tara made no effort to dress or otherwise cover herself. She seemed as at home in her bare skin as anything else. It impressed Zoey. Despite having a runner’s figure, the dark-haired woman knew she’d never have the confidence to sit out in nature nude like that. Before anything particularly entertaining could come up, they went silent as the rumbling returned and passed them by. Zoey spoke first once the coast was clear, “I guess we are in the clear now.”

“Guess so,” Tara agreed, a complete lack of enthusiasm in her voice. Zoey told herself to ignore the tone. She’d had enough of an adventure for the day. The runner scooped up her cold and damp underwear, balling them up and putting them in the pockets of her running shorts. Her shorts were actually men’s as she preferred having the larger pockets, a very helpful choice considering her current situation. She then walked over and picked up her discarded baseball cap, tucking it under her arm as she quickly redid her hair tie and small sloppy ponytail. The hat returned to her head, the brim resting just above her brow. She turned to see Tara still nude, her beautiful curves a pleasant surprise that Zoey tried to commit to memory expecting the sight to be a distant memory before long. The runner noticed the pensive look that had quickly become the blonde’s trademark look it seemed in the short time she had known her.

Tara turned her eyes towards the runner, “So…you uh, you’ve got a lot of experience with self-bondage, right?”

“Yeah, sure, I’ve been tying myself up since before it was even a sexual thing. Why? You want some tips?” Zoey asked, half joking, and unsure of where this conversation was going. Her heart wanted it to go to a very particular place that her mind tried to rationalize it wasn’t.

“Actually, yes, I kinda do,” Tara admitted nonchalantly to both women’s surprise. She continued, “I’ve fantasized about it for so long, and well, I started acting on those fantasies earlier this year, but today proves I might be a bit more eager than my skills.” Tara’s words and expression said she didn’t want to admit how her ability for self-inflicted bondage had been humbled on the day, but her ask seemed genuine. Zoey’s thoughts were jumbled and incoherent for a moment as she tried to understand what was going on. Once her mind could reconcile what had been said, she felt a nervous panic set in, as fantasy was yet again becoming reality for a second time on the day. Trying to make a joke of the situation in an attempt to calm her own nerves, Zoey asked, “So what, you want to be my little self-bondage padawan?”

She regretted the reference immediately, seeing the utter confusion on Tara’s face as she asked, “Your pada what?”

Zoey shook her head, “Never mind…and if you are serious…” She trailed off, waiting for a reconfirmation of the request, her head tilted in expectation of an answer.

“I am,” Tara said, finally standing, her bare body drawing tantalizingly closer to Zoey.

A slightly flustered Zoey considered what strange alternate reality she had dropped into. A random good-looking woman had just asked her to teach her how to tie herself up. Surely, this was a dream, or perhaps she had died and this was heaven? The pain in her own body from her overexertion on the run told her that neither were the case. Accepting this was actually happening. “Yeah, sure, I’d be happy to do that,” she said, her voice gaining confidence as she spoke. She was worried that she might even sound too eager. Did that matter though? The other woman had asked her, not the other way round.

“Great!” the blonde excitedly yelped, and she surprised the runner with a quick nude hug, her arms wrapping around Zoey, her bare chest rubbing across Zoey’s. The dark-haired woman froze, arms at her sides rigid like the rest of her. At some point she haltingly returned the embrace, but time seemed to blur in-between. After a final squeeze, Tara released her grip and looked up into Zoey’s eyes, “Hey I hate to impose, but could you help me get everything back in the bag, and then we can walk back to our cars together?”

Zoey smiled warmly, “Sure.” The two started gathering up the various bits and pieces of Tara’s set up. As they worked, mischievous cogs in Zoey’s mind began turning yet again, and as the last items were gathered up, the runner decided to suggest an enhancement to the current situation, “You know, if you are not too tired, we could start your training now. It’s Friday, and I am shockingly free the whole weekend, so if you are free, we’d have plenty of time to uh, practice.”

Tara tilted her head and furrowed her brow a brief moment, soon a smile consumed her face, and she responded, “You know what? Oddly enough, I think any plans I had made for the weekend just got cancelled.”

“That’s a funny coincidence,” Zoey said, and with a speed and authority that surprised Tara and herself for that matter, she grabbed an unused bundle of rope from Tara’s bag and seized the still nude woman’s arms. Zoey spun the naked woman around keeping a firm grip on her sweat slicked skin, “Good, let’s get started.”

“Oh, that sounds wonderful, *mistress*,” a playful giggle escaping the smirking blonde’s lips, the final word intonated as if it was meant to be a question.

“Zoey is fine for now, but if you insist on something else, perhaps Goddess? Yeah, that feels right, don’t you think?” Zoey whispered into the blonde’s ear, her own heart beating fast at the idea of being someone’s Goddess.

“Mmm, of course, *Goddess*,” Tara purred, the edges of her mouth curling upwards in excitement.

A thrill coursed through Zoey’s veins. She had always seen herself as someone who liked to be tied up, but the idea of tying up Tara and teaching her how to do it safely herself, held a certain startling allure. Zoey decided to really start the lesson asking, “Have you ever tied yourself up with a crotch rope?”

“Um, no.” A bit of trepidation and nerves seeped into Tara’s short response.

“Okay, it’s nothing too bad, but should be a fun addition for walking back to the cars. A good crotch rope is a self-bondage girl’s best friend if you ask me. It always enhances any other ties.”

With skillful hands, Zoey wrapped the rope around Tara’s body starting at the waist so the rope was firm but not too tight. As she went, she described each step and knot she made and why. She could tell Tara was a bit distracted by the escalating situation, and probably wasn’t picking up on the specifics of what was being done to her. Zoey supposed that meant she’d have to demonstrate it again in the future, a fairly welcome prospect to her. The rope pressed into the soft flesh of the blonde’s waist, the rope resting just above the woman’s hips. A moan escaped as Zoey tugged on two strands of rope wedging them between Tara’s pussy lips, before tying them off at the small of the woman's back. She didn’t include any unnecessary knots along that part since this was Tara’s first crotch rope experience. The ropes were not too loose where they would rub the poor woman raw, but also not too tight to pinch the sensitive areas as she walked. Just some light pressure would be good.

The runner-turned-rigger stepped back a moment to inspect the work. It had been a little odd to do it on someone else for a change, but she thought she had done well enough. Next, Zoey used the tail of rope dangling from the back of the crotch rope rig to bind Tara’s hands to the small of her back. It had the effect of pushing the blonde’s elbows out and up somewhat, and as Tara quickly learned, any tugs from her wrists caused the rope between her legs to pull and dig slightly deeper into her. Satisfied with her work, Zoey retrieved a set of comfortable looking trainers from Tara’s bag, setting them on the ground in front of the bound woman. “We’ve got a ways to walk back, and while it’d be cute to watch you gingerly step around every branch and rock. I’d rather play it safe.” She helped Tara slip her bare feet into the shoes. Standing eye to eye with the blonde, Zoey added, “Speaking of safety, we need to establish a set of safety signals. We can use the classic red for a safety word, and for a gesture perhaps flipping me the bird should work?” she offered, a small bemused look on her face.
“Sounds good to me, *Goddess*,” Tara laced the word with as much seductiveness as she could manage. Zoey instinctively smiled, but she insisted Tara say aloud the signals to confirm they both knew what they were. Tara complied. Satisfied that they both had an agreed upon safety protocol, if only a bare minimum of one, Zoey let her more playful side take over once more, “I think we need to add a few more things for our walk back.” She retrieved from the gym bag the leather ankle cuffs Tara had used for the strappado along with a hobble chain. She wrapped the clearly fairly new leather around the woman’s ankles locking them and the chain on. “That should keep you from running away,” joked Zoey. Biting a thumbnail, the runner feigned contemplating what to do next even though her devious mind had already sorted that out.

“We’re going to need to silence you as well, but the gag you brought is definitely too small, and I don’t want to reuse my underwear, so how about this?” she asked rhetorically, a mischievous glint to her eye. The raven-haired woman bent down slipping off her running shoes revealing black ankle socks that were completely darkened by copious amounts of sweat from the intense run. Making a little show of it, Zoey kept her eyes on Tara’s excited gaze, as she slowly slipped off one then the other sock before slipping her running shoes back onto her now bare feet. She balled the socks up together and lifted the mass to Tara’s thin lips, the blonde opening wide without protest. Zoey stuffed her socks in; she could see a small silent retch ripple through the other woman as the damp fabric of the socks met tongue. “Hold onto that for me,” Zoey instructed, lightly booping the bound woman’s nose, a small stifled giggle coming from the captive woman. Zoey quickly retrieved the familiar head harness from earlier with the built-in blindfold and gag. She had hoped for more gag options in the bag, but apparently the harness was the only one Tara had brought. Soon the harness was fully buckled on. Tara was now blinded, and the ball gag kept the socks locked in her mouth.

Zoey finished gathering up everything else, letting Tara stand there a moment in her bondage. The blonde was playfully fidgeting in her restraints. The hobble chain at her ankles jingled with each shift, a few faint moans coming from how her wrists caused tension in the ropes at the woman’s sex. Zoey took a smaller length of rope and tied it to the crotch rope creating a lead of sorts. Of course, this leash had the added effect of also potentially tightening the pressure between the woman’s legs if Zoey pulled on it. The runner slung the fairly hefty gym bag over her shoulder, and with a simple command of “Follow,” she guided the bound woman back up to the trial, the occasional muffled moan escaping the blonde’s gagged mouth.

As they started back down the trail to their awaiting cars, Zoey was far more tense than she cared to admit. She had never been one to indulge in public displays of her kink, exhibitionism holding little appeal to her. She knew the trail was fairly quiet most days, but especially on Fridays. Still, if someone did happen upon the two women, Zoey would have a lot of explaining to do about why she was leading another woman around by a rope at the latter’s crotch. Zoey also quickly kicked herself mentally for adding the hobble chain. It kept Tara from taking full steps and slowed their progress immensely. Zoey did love the sound of clinking metal chain links though. It sent a tingle through her ears and other places.

Zoey continuously watched her bound compatriot to make sure she was doing okay. That’s how she eventually picked up on a subtle movement as Tara slowly worked her wrists back and forth pulling on the crotch rope ever so slightly, eliciting a sporadic huff and shudder from her. Zoey smiled, someone was having a good time. Thanks to adept guidance by the runner, Tara had only a few minor stumbles along the way, and somehow, no one appeared to be using the trail either. As the parking lot came into view, Zoey saw only two cars there, hers and she supposed Tara’s. She could tell Tara’s wrist movements and the situation had worked the blonde captive close to an orgasm. Zoey decided to let her enjoy that pleasure, assisting by stepping up and fondling the other woman’s chest a bit. The orgasm that ensued forced Tara to sit down for a moment with Zoey’s help.

After a small rest, their trek continued to Zoey’s car. The runner tossed the gym bag into the back seat. She then revealed their travel plans to a surprised Tara, “Alright let’s get you into the trunk of my car so we can head back to my place.” Though the harness obscured the blonde’s face, Zoey could sense the incredulity in the woman’s body language. “What? I can’t have you like this in the front seat where everyone can see you, so be good and go in the trunk my little bondage bunny.”

Tara mewled in what appeared to be mock dissent, but she made no effort to give her safe signal, implying her acceptance of the circumstance. Zoey guided her to the open trunk, and helped her into the open space. Once inside, Zoey maneuvered the blonde so she was laying on her belly, legs bent at the knees. “Won’t need these for now,” the dark-haired woman mused, pulling Tara’s shoes back off. She lightly grazed the now bare feet, getting a stifled laugh and a small bit of writhing from the bound woman. Zoey pulled one of the shoe laces from Tara’s discarded trainers and used it to attach the hobble chain connecting the ankle shackles to the rope holding Tara’s hands at the small of her back. It put the tied-up woman in a fairly significant but manageable hogtie for the drive back to town. Something was missing though, then Zoey had an epiphany, “You know, I think we ought to let you experience a bit of sensory deprivation, don’t you?”

A quizzical grunt came from the gagged and blinded woman. “Yeah, thought so, one second,” Zoey said, grabbing a couple items she needed. First, she inserted both of her own earbuds into Tara’s ears. Then she used a couple small pieces of duct tape to make sure they stayed in place. Zoey selected a saved playlist of white noise she used to help herself sleep, and pressed play. She then increased the volume level as far as she felt was necessary. Now in theory her little bondage apprentice was hogtied, blind, deaf, and gagged with a crotch rope for in transit entertainment. The dark-haired woman sighed, if only it were her in the same position*. Maybe one day* she thought.

Zoey slammed the trunk closed, reality feeling like a ghostly specter in the current circumstances. This was crazy, and she was having a hard time reconciling the past couple hours. She opened her driver’s side door and plopped down on the seat. The ache of her legs and core told her that by Sunday she probably wouldn’t be able to move much after the insane workout the back end of her run had been. Her mind raced with unexpected possibilities for the weekend, and she delightedly remembered it was also a holiday weekend. That meant they had not two, but three days to have fun potentially. *Plenty of time to show the newbie the ropes,* she thought snorting at her own bad pun. She could not believe her fortune today. Today’s run, no matter the exhaustion, was definitely one she would always remember and cherish.
