---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Journey of Discovery 4 by Victoria Mystere - Edited
authors:
- Studbound
tags:
- F/m
- bondage
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Journey of Discovery 3 by Victoria Mystere - Edited**](journey_of_discovery03.html))

Journey
of Discovery
By
Victoria Mystere
Edited
by Studbound

Chapter
Four

It was beginning to dawn on her that her husband had given her the most
precious gift he could -- himself. Not only that, full control over his
body. Still, she wanted to begin to receive her own gratification. She
thought about some of the images she had been watching over the computer
and most seemed too severe. She continued to study, and she tied him to
the bed again the next weekend. The spread-eagle position was satisfactory,
but she now wanted to try other things.

Howard felt her take the scarves from the bedposts and disappointment
begin to settle over him. While she may have been becoming bored -- he
was not. In all of his life he had never felt more alive. He was thinking
of protesting when she said, "Sit up, please. He did as he was told and
felt his left wrist being pulled behind him. The long scarf was pulled
tightly in front. As the scarf tightened he felt his wrist being positioned
just above his right hip. The right other wrist soon rested in a similar
position on his other hip and he felt her tie the scarves together in front
of his stomach. He tried to move his arms and was unable. They were locked
and secure in their bondage.

She stood over him with her thin ankles resting against his hips for
what seemed to him, a long time. Then she slowly began to sit. He felt
her guide his organ as she continued her incredibly slow movement. He yearned
for her touch -- but it was not there. He longed to feel himself enveloped
in the moist warmth -- but it was not there. Without warning he felt her.
The touch was as tender as she could possibly make it. His hips bucked
and he bobbed up and down on the bed. Still the slow descent continued.
When he finally felt her weight settle on his thighs he nearly swooned.

The stillness was overpowering. He tried to sit back but she stopped
him with her hand on the back of his neck. Her other hand soon joined the
first and began to pull him forward. He soon realized her breast was being
offered again and he sucked hungrily. "Slow down. Remember, I like it gentle."
Backing off a bit he became conscious of the slow movement of her hips
-- as if they were the faintest breath of air on a still morning. He responded
by trying to force himself more deeply into her -- but he was unable to
move.

The slow dance began to increase in tempo and he felt himself becoming
more excited. Still, she was hardly moving and this lack of movement both
frustrated and aroused him. The strange dichotomy that vexes all who are
seduced by the dark side of sexuality. How can something that is so frustrating,
and even painful, feel good?

As she sat impaled on her bound husband, the arousal was beginning to
become, not just a mild interest but, a need. A need to have him more completely
inside of her caressing the secret passages that led to an even higher
state of arousal. She removed her breast from his willing lips and pushed
his shoulders down to the bed. The motion of life increased. He tried to
respond but was nearly helpless to do so. Faster and faster her hips moved
and he bounced up and down on the bed to try and help.

She bent forward and took his nipple in her teeth and tugged gently.
If he had been aroused before, suddenly he was beyond that point and into
a place where he had never been before. Groans of pleasure escaped his
drawn lips and spurred her to faster and faster motions. She retained his
nipple in her teeth and slowly moved her head from side to side. With a
rush of motion -- he was done. She felt him go limp and smiled once more.
It really did feel good to be in so much control. She had managed to keep
him on the verge of orgasm for nearly an hour. He lay back on the bed and
sighed.

Carefully untying the knot over his navel, she released his hands. His
first action -- which actually surprised her -- was to remove the blindfold.
She had assumed he would do something to remove the bonds still in place
over his ankles. He pushed the scarf over his head and then removed the
belt from his ankles. With a tremendous sigh he stretched his legs out
until they nearly hung over the edge of the bed. He rested for a moment
while she had left the room and headed for the shower.

Removing the scarves was much more difficult than he would have believed
possible. He must have stretched the thin fabric and tightened the knots.
With a smile on his face he continued to work on the knots as the minutes
slipped away.

Lillian returned from her shower and asked, "Well, was it good for you?"

"Great!" He said with a big smile. "Wonderful. I love you so much, and
now more than ever."

Lillian checked her watch which had miraculously returned to her wrist
-- she had no memory of retrieving it, it simply was there -- and saw that
her mom and dad would be dropping the kids off in a few minutes. That was
one of the many things she felt badly about. How could she ask her parents
to watch the children so they could have bondage sex? She could never come
up the nerve to even hint they were doing anything like that and so had
settled telling them they were going for dinner and a movie.

Knowing they would be coming in a few minutes, she began to get her
fallacious facts straight so that she could lie convincingly. She removed
her robe and began to get dressed in her nightgown. Howard moved quietly
behind her and placed his hands on her breasts. She removed them with a
start. The feeling of being invaded was strong and she was surprised at
the strength of her response. "Howard, don't! Haven't you had enough for
the day?"

"Not nearly. Give me another hour and I could do it again." She turned
and looked at him. The feelings welling inside were much different than
any she had ever felt. Being in control -- dominant -- was a strong elixir.
"Well, you will just have to wait until I am ready again, understood?"

He didn't answer right away but looked deeply into her eyes searching
for some sign that would show she was kidding. It wasn't there. Instead
of the usual smiling eyes he was met with a cold stare. In that moment
he knew that something had changed within her forever. He sighed and with
a slow nod of his head he said, "Yes, Ma'am."

He entered the shower and let the water caress his sore limbs. The bondage
position with his legs crossed and her full weight on his hips had started
to become painful. He knew he should not tell her that -- and he kept quiet.
During bondage, the pain was pleasurable. She wouldn't understand that,
but he knew only to well it was true. Still, as the water ran over his
body he felt the muscles begin to loosen. He started humming a little song.
It suddenly occurred to him that he was happy, perhaps happier than he
had ever been.

**[continued
in part 5](journey_of_discovery05.html)**

30.09.02

story continues in [**Journey of Discovery 5 by Victoria Mystere - Edited**](journey_of_discovery05.html)

o0o
