---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: My Lovely Slave Marie 4
authors:
- Darkraptor1
tags:
- M-f
- D-s
- crate
- transported
- straitjacket
- outdoors
- latex
- catsuit
- casket
- cons
- X
date: 2005-06-12 00:00:00
---

*As this is my first real packaged story, I would appreciate any feedback
regarding what I got right, and what I got wrong.  I tried to focus
on a human relationship, with the packaging being an element that added
to the fun.  I hope you all enjoy this story, as I had fun writing
it. A special thanks goes to Tiedash, who proof read the first two parts
of the story.*

**My lovely slave Marie: Part 4**

This was the day.

The end.

And the beginning.

This morning, sleep left Marie first.

It was not because of a bad dream, or a strong urge to go to the bathroom.

Rather, it was the seagull standing on her head.

As she shook her head awake, Marie became aware of the heavy bird standing
on top of her.

“Hey!”  She said.  “What are you doing up there?”  The
seagull made no answer, save for a squawk as Oliver sat up from the sand,
rubbing his eyes.

The bird flew off, no doubt hunting for its morning breakfast. 
Oliver yawned, still waking up from a night in the sand.

“Uhh…” he groaned.  “Where am I?  Looking around, he saw that
he and Marie were in the sand on the beach, not far away from the water
lapping at the sand.

“We’re still on the beach?!”  He said in amazement.

“Yes master.”  Marie said next to him.  “I think we were more
tired then we realized.”

“I agree with you, my slave.”  He said.  Then he stopped.

Today was Monday.

Paul was supposed to be back today.

Oh no.

“Oh no.”  He said aloud.  “Today is Monday…” his voice grew
quiet as he realized the awful truth.  “Paul comes back today…”

Marie realized it too.  This was the last time they would be together
before Paul came back to claim what was his.

Oliver couldn’t gather enough strength to talk as he quietly picked
up Marie’s box, carrying her back to the bicycle.  He couldn’t work
up the strength to talk as he strapped Marie to the small trailer and put
on her helmet.

Finally, he was able to speak.  But the words came out slowly,
and with great difficulty.

“I guess… we’d better get back…”

There was no more talking as Oliver pedaled back to the house. 
He was too busy trying to control his emotions to notice the ever-curious
looks of the people he went past.

Marie felt exactly the same way.  The worst part was that she wasn’t
able to tell Oliver how much she loved this young man in the way she knew
best.  Knowing her real master, he would probably show up at the house
at daybreak, long since past.

Her assumption was correct.  The form of Paul’s van was sitting
in Oliver’s driveway as he pulled up.  He was waiting beside it.

“Ah, Oliver!  So good to see that you survived the weekend!”

“Yeah.”  Paul couldn’t help but notice that Oliver sounded tired.

“What’s wrong pal?”  He asked.  “You sick or something?”

“You… you could say something like that.”

Paul smiled.  “Well then, I guess you’ll probably be wanting to
rest.  I guess I’ll just take my pet here off of your back! 
You don’t have to worry about her anymore!  I just got a new job across
the country, and that means you don’t have to worry about taking care of
my pets again!”

Moving faster then a man his age, Paul unstrapped Marie and her box
from the small trailer.  Carrying the box and its occupant, Paul placed
it in the back of his van.

“Wait!”  Oliver said as he realized that Paul was about to take
off, along with his only chance to say what he wanted to say.  “I
have to…”

“Rest!  Yes I know.”  Paul said, completely oblivious to what
was really going on.  “Now, you get on inside and get some rest. 
I’ll take everything from here!”

And before Oliver could say goodbye, Paul shut the back of his van,
locking Marie inside.

Faster then Oliver could react, Paul jumped into his van and quickly
drove out of the driveway.

Oliver tried to stop his friend as he drove away down the street, taking
with him the first woman Oliver had ever loved.

He didn’t even have a chance to say that to her face.

It was too late now.  The van sped up and turned the corner. 
Oliver ran, but his legs were no match for the tires that sped away.

Then she was gone.  She was now with her master.  Her real
master.  And she was going across the country.

He realized that he would probably never see her again.

That thought was too much.  It made him numb.

Staggering, Oliver slowly walked up to the front door, his hands automatically
pulling out the keys.

Unlocking the door, Oliver quietly went inside his house.  Moving
like an automation, he slowly walked up the stairs and went into his room.

He collapsed on his bed, and cried.

In the back of Paul’s van, Marie cried as well.  Though she loved
her real master, the shock of learning about a move was too much for her
to take in.  He hadn’t even allowed her to say goodbye to Oliver,
who had grown from an awkward young man into a confidant and loving master.

Her thoughts overwhelmed her at that point.  Her love for him overwhelmed
thoughts about loyalty to her true master.

She began to fight against her restraints.  She could escape from
them.  She could!  She would!  She would not be separated
from Oliver, not before she lost him forever.

But the jacket that enclosed her upper body was as stubborn and restrictive
as it had been yesterday afternoon.  And even if she had gotten it
off, it would have been impossible to escape from the box that she was
held in.

As she was driven away, Marie realized with terror that there was no
escape.

**One month later**

Oliver lay awake in his bed, his blood shot eyes staring at the ceiling. 
Sleep had become almost impossible in the past month.

It just wasn’t the same.  Not without his slave…no.  Not
his slave.  His friend.  His beloved, lovely, friend.

This past month had been a torment.  Almost no sleep.  Only
sadness.  The days had dragged out into endless periods of torment
and dispair.

One thing had kept Oliver from going to the place from which there can
be no return.  One tiny candle held back the darkness surrounding
him.

In the depths of his despair, Oliver truly realized how much he loved
Marie, and how much he missed her.  Oh God how he missed her. 
Her warmth, her gentle personality, her kindness.

The memory was too much, and again he dissolved into tears.

It was only fitting that that love be rewarded.

Thirty-one days after the two had been parted, there was a loud knock
on the door.

Oliver trudged down the stairs, slowly putting on his green bathrobe,
now faded.

The door was knocked again, louder this time.

“I’m coming, I’m coming.”  Oliver mumbled.

The distance to the door was impossibly long.  The door handle
towered above him as he slowly managed to turn it.

“What?  What is it?”  He mumbled as he opened the door. 
To his surprise, there was no one there.

But there was something.  A note.

Picking up the note, Oliver read it.

As he did, his heart soared.

“Dear Oliver,” it read.  “I realize now how much more you can use
this, then I can.  I now see how much more love my pet has for you
then she has for me.  Have fun.  Paul.”

Oliver walked out to the driveway, and there he saw a large box, waiting
for him on the driveway.

Almost beside himself, Oliver felt warmth returning to him as he tore
away the packaging on the box.

The paper and the straps were thrown to the side withought a glance. 
All that mattered was what was waiting within.  Waiting for him to
come and free it.

He finally got to the lid.  All that was left was to open it! 
All he had to do was tear it off, and…

The box was empty.

There was nothing inside.  Only packing paper.

The grief at loosing what he thought was coming was too much to bear. 
He collapsed and sobbed, the tears soaking into the cardboard.

It wasn’t fair!  He couldn’t go on like this!  He couldn’t! 
He couldn’t!  He…

A hand covered in latex lay itself on his shoulder.

Spinning around, Oliver lay his eyes on the form he wanted to see.

Marie smiled at him.  It had been hard, doing this little surprise,
this tease. but the payoff was great, getting to say these words that she
had been dying to say since she first met him.

“Master.”  She said.  “I love you.”

Oliver stood up and took Marie into his arms, holding her close to him,
squeezing her form, wanting to hold her forever in his embrace, and never
let her go.

“And I love you too.” He said, the tears flowing.  “I never want
to be apart from you ever again!  I love you too damn much!”

Marie cried quietly as she lay in his embrace.  “And…and I feel
the same for you, my master.  Now and forever!”

And so, five days later, the two were married in a small private ceremony,
on a hill overlooking the beach, the town, the place where they would spend
the rest of their lives together.

For their honeymoon, Oliver splurged and bought the two of them a box
that both could share and enjoy together.  It was a bit unorthodox
sure, but both of them loved it.

That night, Oliver carried his slave in his arms towards their new bed. 
The large, double sized casket awaited them both, it’s silk interior waiting
for their warm bodies. Oliver lay his wife inside the casket.  Then
he got in himself.  Pressing a remote control, a CD player began to
play quiet piano music.  Candles quietly lit the room.

It was very soft inside the casket, their private box that they would
use together forever, even into death.

Oliver took his wife in his arms, holding her close to him.  She
did the same, holding her husband tight in her arms.

This was it.  Oliver realized.  The end of his old life, and
the beginning of the new.  This new, wonderful life with the woman
whom he would spend the rest of his life with, the two would live together,
grow together, and die together.  This he knew.

This was wonderful.

“Oh, my master.”  Marie whispered as he kissed her.  “I never,
never want to leave you.  I want to be with you forever!”

“And…I…Never…” Oliver gasped for air as his wife gave him a delicious
French kiss.  “Want to be apart from you.”

“For I love you my dear.  My wife…my friend…”

“…My lovely slave Marie.”
