---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiessz/winding_path.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: A Winding Path
authors:
- Rubberking
tags:
- F/m
- latex
- Sbf
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2004-10-22 00:00:00
---

Warning!  This story is intended for persons over the age of eighteen
and should not be viewed by those under that age or the legal age of consent
where you live.
Warning! This story contains aspects of rubber fetishism and other
sexual acts and practices that may be offensive to some people. This story
is for Adults ONLY! If you don’t like seeing things such as this, Please,
read no further.
Unless authorized by the writer, this story is considered copyrighted
and is the intellectual property thereof. Please do not post to pay sites
or any place else with out the authors permission.
Thank you and please enjoy.

**A winding path.**
**By Rubberking**
©2003

 Niki yawned, her face in her hands. It was another boring day
at her low paying job in the Adult bookstore, the usual customers hovered
about, sneaking glances at the pictures of the flesh on display and then
from time to time, if they thought she wasn’t watching, at her. Creepy,
but she was used to it by now. None of them would hit her up, she knew.
Most all of these guys were just lonely, a few were what might be called
perves, but all were mostly harmless.

 The job didn’t pay much, but during her first few years of collage,
it was all she could find that didn’t involve something close to hooking,
at least this was honest in her mind. Guys were always chasing her, but
she turned them all down. They all lied, saying they wanted more than sex,
but sex was never far from their minds, this she knew. The trick was finding
one that was honest about it and so far, no one had just simply owned up
and come out with it, so she felt she couldn’t trust them further then
the one date she allowed the more promising of the lot.

 Early in her life, she’d found she liked rubbing things against
her secret place, it made her all juicy and wet and when she rubbed it
just so, she felt all glittery and nice and would collapse afterwards feeling
relaxed and satiated. As time wore on, she learned new words for her secret
place, and for the actions she enjoyed, and for the many things that went
with it. Some nice, some cruel, some disgusting, yet at various times,
they all seemed to fit the feelings she gave herself or that others gave
her. Masturbation, petting the pussy, milking the sloppy slit, cumming.
All tried to describe something that only feelings truly conveyed.

 She had lost her hymen long before she had the first round of
sweaty sex with Mark Ryan on the tattered blanket in the woods near the
High School in her hometown. It had been nice, the feelings felt different
surely, but afterwards he’d treated her oddly and then meanly and she’d
broke it off soon after. Since then, she’d had sex sporadically, enjoyed
it while it lasted, and ended it usually soon after. She pleasured herself
mostly, and that was just fine. She wished she could find a guy that was
different from the rest, but was happy just being who she was, and there
was always her BOB, (Battery Operated Boyfriend) always at home, waiting
patiently for her, if she needed it.

 And the way things were going today, she was looking forward to
ending her shift, getting her meager paycheck, and going home to her modest
apartment for some personal relaxation time.

 It was getting late now, after eight and her boss would be in
soon to relieve her. The shop was nearly empty as well, only one older
man was looking over the wares.  Then the door chimed and a younger
man came in, dressed for the weather in a shiny looking overcoat and rainboots
and from the water drizzling off his clothes, she knew it was rainy outside.
 The man wondered around, looking for something she guessed, and
then, shyly, came over to the counter saying softly. “Hi.”

 “Hi yourself. May I help you find something?” she replied evenly.
The man was cute in a Peers Bronson kind of way, she noticed.

 “eer, I hope so… I was wondering if you carried a magazine called
Rubberist? It’s from England.” he asked, his face a little pinched, as
if he was both afraid to ask and ashamed to do so. How odd, she thought
to herself.

 “Hmmm, could you wait a moment? Let me look and see.” And with
that, she turned and went into the back, she’d remembered that her boss
had mentioned that there wasn’t much call for that title and was thinking
about canceling it from the usual order, but still kept some just in case
someone like this gentleman asked for them.  Looking thru the stacks
of boxes, she found several issues, some special editions and one or two
like-titles called Skin Two and Fetishette and brought them out along with
her. The man looked thru the stack after she placed them on the glass and
said he’d take them all and that he was pleased and surprised to find most
of the back issues he’d been hunting for and thanked her. Then asked if
she had any of the current editions, renamed Rubberist/DFP?

 Again, she went in the back, and found several of these also.
They all seemed to be for people that liked latex and rubber clothing,
interesting…

 She brought them out to the man, who again seemed quite pleased,
paid for everything with a hundred dollar bill, and to her surprise, tipped
her a fifty. “For your troubles. And to thank you for carrying these titles.”
He said when she tried to refuse, cupping the monies in her hand and giving
it back to her.

 “You don’t have to do that.” She replied, unsure what to do.

 “Think of it as a gift then, for being such a wonderfully open-minded
person. Ok?” he insisted, giving her a smile that dazzled her and made
her feel all warm inside.

 “Ooo, ok then. Thank you sir.” She stammered slightly as he retreated
towards the entrance/exit.

 “My name is Jim. Sir, sounds too formal. And I may be back next
week since I know the new issue is due out soon and where I might find
it. Goodnight Miss. And thanks again.” He said heading out the door, still
smiling as the rain struck him head on.

 “Niki. And thank you Jim. I’ll talk with Mr. Mackaidoch and we’ll
try to get your magazine in for you.” She breathed as the door swung slowly
shut, not at all sure if he’d heard her.  Wow, what a guy, she thought
idly as she started counting the register up since the boss was due any
second.

 As was her wont when she found out about something new and interesting,
she made a pile of many of the titles the man Jim had taken, added in her
huge employee discount and took them home to find out more, while doing
her hair as it were. Entering her apartment, Niki placed the bag with her
purchases on the counter, stripped off her sweater, leaving her in her
bra and stretch Capri’s and made herself a simple supper of dirty rice
and green beans with a bit of fatback and sat eating while she read the
first of the magazines. As she had supposed, it was all about people that
liked wearing latex outfits, some for fashion, most for sexual reasons.
She’d never thought that wearing rainwear might be stimulating for some
people, but there they were all over the printed pages.

Some even wearing entire suits that left not an inch of skin showing
anywhere at all. And the letters… they held forth in quite explicit language
what the people liked and disliked, some seemed purist, asserting that
wearing anything else was like mixing apples and oranges, others seemed
not to care so much, as long as some latex or rubber item was present,
was acceptable, even desirable. Niki couldn’t see the difference herself,
but it all looked intriguing.
She cleared her single dish into the sink, taking the magazines with
her as she drew and soaked in a long, hot bath. Ahhhhh.

Afterwards, she retired, taking time to enjoy a glass of Chablis as
she diddled herself with her toy as she read several of the short stories
contained in the magazines. Getting hotter and hotter as she imagined herself
doing some of the wild things mentioned in them. Afterwards, as she lay
exhausted and lightly sweaty, she thought to herself that she might like
to try and look into this fetish thing a little more, for some reason it
seemed exciting to her, allowing her to crest to a higher level of pleasure
during her revelry. Again, ahhhhhh.

Niki awoke the next morning, feeling good even if it was still horrid
and rainy out still. It allowed her to hunt up and wear her old black raincoat
and boots, somewhat like those that Jim had worn the day before, over her
slacks and top to keep dry. She was off that day, and decided to haunt
a few of the more exotic clothing stores she knew of in the area. Without
blowing her budget, she found some undergarments in latex, a simple black
rubber rainskirt with long pleats, a bra and pantie set and a rain-hat
to add to her ensemble. As an aside, one of the lady clerks told her of
and added to her order, a pair of naughty latex panties with a built-in
vibe and dildo, cool.

She brought her purchases home, changed into the skirt and underthings,
added a simi-sheer white blouse she’d had hanging doing nothing in her
closet for awhile, pulled on her coat and boots once again and headed out,
meaning to enjoy the rainy day by going out for a drink and some bar-hopping.
What she hadn’t been prepared for was the reaction she received wherever
she went, men opened doors for her, offered her seats, and generally treated
her like a lady for once. Wow.

Later, she was feeling a bit heady, what with the many men offering
or simply buying her drinks at the bar, acknowledging her with a simple
smile and a nod. One man was almost nasty to her though, asking where she
kept her dungeon, in her purse perhaps? She flipped him off and before
he could get mad, he was led off by her favorite bouncer before he could
make more of a fuss or a fool of himself. That quelled the more aggressive
suitors, but increased the number of drinks being sent her way.

In the end, she’d had to take a cab home, tipsy and horny again, but
not trusting to her own judgment as to allow one of the men from the bar
not to get too friendly after taking her home. She made a sandwich, ate,
and took a bath again. Then fell to reading the magazines again, getting
horny again until she felt she had to do something about it and drew on
the lovely latex bra again and this time, adding the naughty panties. She
was dripping as she eased them up her legs, grasped the dildo and slid
it home, gasping as the thick rubber shaft penetrated her juicy slit and
moaning as she sat on the couch trying to figure out what she might like
to add to it. In the end, she put on everything she had, even adding the
second pair of latex panties to help seal the lovely dildo further into
herself.

In her boots, raincoat, bra and panties, clomping around her living
room, she felt comical, yet weirdly randy as all heck. Oooooing and Ahhhhing
as she rubbed the rubber material over her skin, massaging her breasts
and panting thru an orgasm unlike any she’d ever experienced in her entire
life. When she wore the entire outfit to bed, reading one of the kinky
tales, she flicked on the control to the vibrator and went crazy, cumming
like mad as she jerked about so hard on the bed that the magazine fell
to the floor, forgotten as she screamed out an orgasm that hit her like
a ton of bricks and left her whimpering, still cumming, until she could
find the control, turned it off and collapsed, utterly worn out and fell
asleep just as she was, a smile of utter peace on her lips.

Morning came again, and Niki awoke slowly, stretching cat-like, still
smiling as she replayed the night befores events and feelings. This held
some promise, she felt. Perhaps she was a closet fetishist and hadn’t known
it until now? All thanks to Jim coming into the store that day. She undressed,
taking off the coat, but leaving the underwear on, got in the shower and
peeled them off under the spray, whistling lowly to herself. The day was
clear and cool, and so she reluctantly left her new items at home, excepting
the skirt, which she wore to work that day. During the day, she got more
looks than usual, got another tip (a rare thing indeed) or two from the
customers and went home as usual. At home, she found herself putting on
the panties and bra again, and sat around watching TV feeling oddly secure
and peaceful.

Four days went by like that, working, going home and wearing her latex,
relaxing and reading. She’d read most of the titles she’d bought and had
brought home more back issues of Rubberist until she had nearly a complete
collection, she’d never done that before she realized one evening as she
was noticing more and more fetishy things on the fashion oriented television
programs, and leafing thru another issue. Odd, but something in these printed
pages spoke to her more and more each time she read them, was she being
corrupted?

That Saturday, she went shopping again, buying some black latex tights
and a top. The helpful clerk asked if she might like to look at a corset
or two, which she hadn’t considered before but had seen worn by others
in the magazines, she wound up buying one as well, might as well have a
complete outfit, she thought as she paid for the more expensive items.
The costs were going up, but she didn’t really care at that point.

She even bought a pair of lovely black rubber high-heeled stocking-like
thigh-boots from the Netherlands, they fit so well she couldn’t pass them
up. Now, she was properly outfitted, save for one of those catsuits or
the more expensive still, enclosure suits she’d seen in the magazines too.
The last thing she bought, late on Sunday evening, was a mask. She’d been
looking around the place, trying on this or that, when she happened to
look up above the edge of the racks and found there row upon row of masks,
in all kinds of colors and many strange styles, even gasmasks were there,
some simple styles like ones would get from an Army/Navy store, but others
were quite complex one-piece models with tubes, bags and gags of various
kinds. The one she bought was a simple black mask, with the proper openings
for her eyes, nose and mouth. She was surprised that it was rather inexpensive
compared to the others, but something told her she had to have it.

At home that night, as she had most every night now, she dressed in
her rubber clothing and did normal things, ate, read and masturbated until
she was exhausted and fell asleep, content and imagining what it might
be like to do this with someone like her new self, someone like Jim. In
fact, more and more, as she drove herself wild, she imagined it was Jim,
driving his latex-covered penis into her molten core, making her scream
with wonton delights. And so, it was with a strange feeling of dread and
hope, that she made ready to go to work that next Tuesday, the day he’d
said he’d be back for his copy of the Rubberist magazine he’d wanted.
She wore all the rubber she had, save for the mask. The simple underthings
this time so as not to drive herself crazy during work, the tights, top
and skirt and the lovely long boots that hugged her legs so nicely, and
her old overcoat and new rain-hat.

Her boss commented that she looked really pretty that day, turned the
register over to her and left. He’d reordered the series of magazines,
as she’d asked for Jim (and now, secretly for herself) and sure enough,
they’d arrived. And so she sat on her stool, reading them as the usual
run of guys tried not to look at her and her shiny clothing as they hunted
for something that they’d never find, love. She felt sorry for them, but
unless they went out and found some female companionship for themselves,
they’d be stuck like she’d been before, at home spanking the monkey and
wishing they had the guts to find someone to care for them.

When the bell rang about seven o’clock, and Jim entered, her head had
snapped up. She smiled at him as she watched him wander around a bit, looking
at the more mundane magazines as her heart hammered in her chest. Would
he notice her outfit, would he ask her out? She hoped so, if not she was
willing to swallow her pride and ask him, unlike men, most women were used
to simply asking for what they wanted, and so she would too if it came
to that.

After a few minutes, he sidled up to the counter, gave her a grin that
made her feel like tittering like a schoolgirl and asked. “Hi Niki, how
are you tonight? My, you look lovely dressed like that, I see you decided
to wear proper clothing for the weather. It looks very good on you, if
I may say so. Have you received those magazines yet? I’ve been waiting
anxiously for them.”

Smiling, she bent and placed a copy of each of the one’s he’d expressed
interest in on the counter. “Are these what you were waiting for? I had
the boss renew the subscriptions, so we should have them coming in regularly
from now on. I hope that will encourage you to come in more often, I enjoy
seeing a smiling face now and again?” she replied, slightly teasing him
as she crossed her legs, letting him see the bottoms of her boots thru
the glass over the collections of dildos and vibrators in the counter case.

The poor man started sweating right there and then, saying with a crackling
voice. “Oh my yes. Thank you so much Niki, please tell your employer that
I’m most pleased indeed. Are those Aquilo boots you have on? Those are
so exquisite, especially on you…”

Grinning, she leaned forwards on the counter, giving him a full view
of her top and skirt and said in reply. “Yes they are, I just bought them
over the weekend. Aren’t they fabulous? They were expensive, but so worth
it, don’t you think Jim?”

A drop of sweat ran in Jim’s eye and he wiped it away with the back
of a hand, giving himself a moment before speaking shakily. “V-very much
so. I, err, shouldn’t ask this I know, but… might I ask what you’re doing
some night this week? If you’d like, we could… go out or something. I-I
mean… if you’d like?”

Trying not to pump her fist in the air and yell Yes at the top of her
lungs, she batted her eyelashes once, twice, and replied with a smirk.
“That’s ok, I don’t mind. And I’d love to go out with you Jim, anyplace
special you have in mind? Or perhaps we could just stay in and I could
fix something, I’m a pretty fair cook, if you’d like? Hmmm?”

The poor man was quivering like a filament in a light bulb, stuck a
finger in the collar of his shirt as though choking, caught himself and
smiled back, saying evenly as if he didn’t trust himself to speak. “I-I’d
like that very much, but you pick what we do if you would and I’ll just
assist, if you don’t mind. But, shouldn’t you get to know me a bit better
before we have an actual date? Don’t get me wrong, I just want you to be
sure of my intentions, to be sure I’m honorable and everything?”

Oh, she hoped his intentions weren’t totally honorable, to be sure.
But tilted her head and decided to throw him a bone. “Well, ok. Tell you
what, I get off here in just a few minutes when the boss arrives. Why don’t
we go for a walk and maybe a drink somewhere? Then we could feel each other
out a bit and then decide if we want to make plans for later, how’s that
sound to you Jim?”

He looked so relieved Niki thought he might keel over, but replied red-faced,
still grinning like a fiend. “Sounds splendid to me. Where shall I wait
for you?”
Right on time, the door swung open and her boss entered, tossing her
a wave and making his way towards the back, giving her a wink in passing
as she rapidly started doing the till, sorting the bills and change and
depositing it in the bag with the receipts, she gave Jim a wink of her
own to hold him and parted the curtain and tossed it to Hank, who smiled
and wagged a finger at her. “You old fraud, you knew just what was going
on, didn’t you?” she accused.

Her boss chuckled and said, taking the bag and stuffing it in the slot
in the safe before saying with mirth in his voice. “You bet doll. Now,
have fun with your friend, but don’t make this a habit, fair enough Niki-dear?”

Shaking her head, she pecked him on his wrinkled forehead and went back
out, grabbing up her purse. Hank was an old fuddy-duddy, but he was all
right in her book. She hooked arms with Jim and out the door and off they
went.

As they walked the city streets, dodging car-sprays and deluging overhangs,
though not as obsessively as those without proper rainwear on. They talked
about the weather, daily life and regular things, though they both knew
that soon they must talk about it, it, in this case being sex and latex,
just enjoying being together outside this rainy evening. They looked in
the shop-windows and in the bars, finally turning about, content instead,
to wander the flooded sidewalks as they started warming to each other more
and more.

He was a marine architect, a ship-builder, of all things. He was out
on the piers all the time and in all weathers. He hated broccoli and he
liked sixteenth-century chamber music, punk rock and eclectica in all things.
And he liked her. He gave a Curriculum Vitie of her, as he saw her, that
about knocked her for a loop. She’d never been described like that that
she knew of, or in such glowing terms.

“This is how I see you Niki… you’re about three inches shorter than
I, so about five seven-five eight or so. Midnight hair in that long, flowing,
Morticia Adams style that no one has anymore, but thats always put fire
in my blood to see. You don’t need to dress fancy, ‘cause your cheekbones
and your face pulls everyone’s eyes up to you, so your beauty shines even
in rags. Your eyes are the palest blue I’ve ever seen, they’re awesome,
so pure and deep, like the sky on the clearest day… so pretty. But you’ve
got amazing curves too, again, like no one has anymore, like that old movie
diva from the fifties Marilyn Monroe, or Betty Page, but with better legs.
Oop’s sorry, backpedaling now, hee hee hee. Ah… yes, I was looking… I’m
not sorry, I mean, awwww man. Well, yes. I think you’re stunningly beautiful,
you make what you’re wearing look like a million bucks. The last thing
I thought I’d see in the bookstore was a woman like you, and you’re so
great too. I mean, no, I didn’t mean anything by that at all, what I meant
to say was that no matter where I’d have seen you first, you would have
stood out by your beauty. No, I’m not just saying that, you are, really.
Look, can we change the subject, look at that fake fur on that woman, isn’t
that a riot?” he said, trying to change the subject.

She halted in her tracks. “You’re… you have got to kidding me? I’ve
had acne until two years ago, my eyebrows have to be penciled in ‘cuse
they fell out when I was sixteen and my chin is huge! My god, Marilyn Monroe,
pleasssssee!” she laughed so hard she cried.

But he did mean it, and as they went on thru the streets, it became
apparent he wasn’t kidding, somehow he really saw her that way, was he
insane?

But, as she took his hand after a car ran them back onto the curb, splashing
them with water that never found its mark, she found she thought it was
nice for someone to like her, even if his idea of her was so skewed as
to be laughable. He thought her desirable, and that was enough. She told
him about herself, her teens and her early collage years. That she was
through with her first four years and was thinking of a doctorate in engineering,
but was unsure where to go with it, she had all the prerequisites, just
was confused where to go next. He suggested, laughing, that she learn ship-building
herself, as it paid really well when they were in production, and in the
off times, there was always upgrades, so it was steady. But when the orders
were filled, it got quiet for sometimes up to a year, so one got some free
break time then. It almost sounded like fun the way he talked about it.

About an hour later, they wound up back near her apartment and she invited
him in and they wound up necking a bit before he left, they still hadn’t
said what needed to be said, but it was ok, for now. He was a good kisser
too, she found, pleased. After he’d left, she wound up putting on all of
her rubber things again, she was really horny after all the kissing and
fondling they’d done and imagined all kinds of naughty things they might
be doing if he’d remained that night, instead, she made herself work it
all out with her BOB till the batteries ran out. She came really hard that
night, just before sinking into a deep sleep where she and Jim made love
on a beach in the rain and she was so happy…

The next day, she called him up, asking if he wished to go shopping
with her?

He’d be glad to he said and they arranged a meeting place.

They met downtown, still dressed for the ongoing drizzle that had replaced
the steady pour of the day before, but was still wet enough to warrant
their unusual attire. As before, she wore the latex boots, skirt and top,
with her old raincoat and new rainhat on over it all. He wore a pair of
latex jeans over a zipped top that she suspected was part of either a wrestling
suit or a catsuit and a rubber coat cut like a blazer, he looked swank.

The store they started at was a general purpose store with a good selection
of mix and match, tops, skirts, pants, in many colors and cuts, all very
normal looking except for the material, latex, vinyl, leather or PVC. She
found a few tops she liked including one with gathered sleeves like a peasant
dress. A few tighter-fitting skirts, one in a bright red, some more tights
and a nice swimming leotard in blue, and some shoes, Jim insisted on paying
for it all. She gave him a kiss in return, cool she thought. From there,
they got in his beat-up old blue sports car and went to another place which
he said was more inclusive, with more ‘personal’ items.

It was quite large on the inside, even had the ability of making custom
items, and soon she was looking thru the catalogues, and before long, she
found it. A particular catsuit that yelled out to her, buy me now! It was
made of bias-plied strips of many colors, forming a mosaic pattern of spiraling,
enlarging squares, like the old costume the Joker’s henchwoman/girlfriend
Harley Quinn wore in the Batman cartoons. She loved it at first sight and
jumped up and down with undisguised glee as the little man that ran the
shop went off to look in his stock for her size.

Oh god, he had it! She all but snatched it from his hands, heading off
to the changing room at the back of the store, barely hearing the two men
chatting as if nothing were going on and here she was, feeling like she
was going burst into flame and sparks at any moment! She stripped, reading
the directions someone had thoughtfully posted in the little room as to
how to talc the inside and watch her already short nails so as not to tear
anything, she climbed into the smooth, caressing, hugging outfit and felt
sooooo good she couldn’t describe it in words.

The suit had feet and gloves, the zippers had covers to hide them from
sight and the breastcups felt like bliss itself on her goosepimpled, erect
globes. And what it did down lower, Mmmmm. She knew she was hot as hell,
and was growing wet to boot. Looking at herself in the mirror was surreal,
she was a work of art, in a weird way, Jim was right. The hugging suit
molded her into the sexiest curved figure of her sex she’d ever imagined,
she felt like a queen. Wow, and all this just from wearing this, huh? 
Amazing, she thought.

She hated almost to put the boots on over it, but they seemed ok, kind
of like a border on a painting, framing her torso, which she figured Jim
would surely appreciate. He did, he whistled long and low as she returned
and asked if liked what he saw? He did. With a wicked smile, she whispered
in the storeowners ear. He grinned and pointed over into a far corner of
the shop and she went off in search of a new toy, since Jim was buying.
It seemed like a good way to let him know she was randy and needed servicing,
and soon.

An hour later, they were over at his place, mansion really, it was nearly
as big as her entire apartment block, brownstone, and had antiques out
the ass. He said he’d inherited it. Way cool.

From the big bay window, she saw ships passing to and fro, even from
here, up on top of the hills overlooking the city. It was beautiful. She
was giving him a haircut, she hadn’t done one in many years, and told him
so, but once he found out she knew how, he insisted. And she’d have lied
if she said she didn’t enjoy using what she though was a long forgotten
skill of hers. She miss-cut once, and had to pull it out by clipping down
the slope instead of across, but it came out ok. He said he liked it.

They were kissing more often now, he was picking up on the clues better,
more relaxed and they were having a good time together. They played a game
of yatzee and she cleaned him out and he was graceful about losing. She
kissed him hard for that.

Finally, he said it, or at least tried to. She listened attentively.

“Niki, you’re great, you’re a great lady and I owe it to you to say
this now rather than later… you see, I have this… thing, I like. That I
do, for myself, that is…” he said, pacing the floor of a huge entertainment
room that looked more like a empty barroom. He was red in the face, sweating
bullets as she sat coolly on the leather settee, leaning back on her arms,
half stretched out, her legs in the boots crossed at the shins, giving
him her best innocent little girl look. Who did he think he was kidding?
He just couldn’t bring himself to say it, it was curiously like watching
a little boy with a terrible secret, one he’s held on to, clutching it
like a lifeline, for many years, trying to talk about it to someone finally.
It had had a hold on him for a long time, which was patiently obvious,
it had also prayed on him that long, she could tell. Just say it Jim, she
thought furiously as she waited for him to let it out, just begin and that
will be the end of it, I understand, more than you realize, just let me
in, please…

He was working his hands up and down, like milking a churn, he looked
faint and whey-faced as he stammered. “What I’m trying to say, badly I
know, is that I have something, called a… fetish. A liking for a certain
material, more than most, it’s something we both seem to like, at least
lately, because of the weather… Christ, I’m not doing this at all well
am I? Let me begin again, please. Ok, Niki, it’s like this… I like latex.”

Boom, silence descended on the room, like a pall. But he’d done it,
finally. And she respected him for it.

“I see. So, you like latex, and you like seeing me in it, and you enjoy
having sex in it? Well, what’s wrong with that? I like it too, oh Jim,
it’s no big thing, really. I’d be glad to wear rubber and latex for you
anytime. Thanks for telling me though, I appreciate your honesty. Now,
come here…” she said, reaching out and taking his hand, she’d been watching
for hours as his penis had strained against his pants and now she freed
it, took it in her hand and looked up at him. “Like this?” she asked, all
he was capable of was a grateful moan, his purplish glans oozing precum
by the ounce onto the wood floor, Niki was impressed.

He wasn’t huge, or terribly thick, but he had a large knob of a glans
that looked interesting, she licked at the slit and it throbbed with blood
several times as Jim clenched his fists and looked skywards. He couldn’t
last long she knew, not after this amount of teasing. She sucked him in
and circled her tongue around him, finding the action was making her moan
and humm to herself and it swelled dangerously under her tongue. Let it
come, she thought, I want it… give it to me Lover.
She was really sucking him now, the sounds filling the area as Jim
tore at his hair, a tiny shriek all she heard of him as she gobbled that
lovely bit of flesh, his cock.
Then it swelled, larger than before, and suddenly jet after jet of
coppery-salty sperm shot down her throat and overflowing, dribbled down
her lips and face, and onto her booted thighs.

Jim looked down, as though horrified. She smiled up at him to let him
know it was ok. “Thanks, that was tasty. Now, about those retrofits you
were going to show me? Or would you like some more? All you have to do
is ask Love, ok.?”

His smile was beatific. She let him away with a smile and he broke out
a set of blueprints…

Days and weeks flew by.

One day she found him morose and crying. Softly, she came and tried
to comfort him and learned a terrible thing, his mother was dying.
Yes, he’d inherited the house when his father had passed away and his
mother had aged to the point where she needed to be in a home. Dutifully,
he’d gone to see her for all these long years, till she’d some into his
life, from that time on, he’d been busy with her and their relationship,
now he felt terribly guilty. For those few bad days, she insisted on taking
him to go and see her as she ebbed and flowed closer to the inevitable.
From old pictures he showed her, she’d once been beautiful, now she was
scrawny and aged, but still had the spark of life in her eyes. Niki saw
the love she bore for her only son when he talked to her and held her hand
and cried with him.

On the last day, Niki sat with her and told her about herself and about
their life so far. Around the respirator tube, his mother mumbled a thank
you and squeezed her hand, showing she approved. Niki cried herself to
sleep with him that night and the next day, before noon, Jim’s mother passed
away. At the funeral and for sometime afterwards, he was crushed and battered.
Then, slowly, he came back to life, and to her. They made love one evening,
on the beach, in the rain, much as in her dream that time. And life went
on after that, she made a life with him and continued her studies and their
lives became busy and she was content.

It was a bright, sunshiny day.

No matter, she was covered, as she usually was these days and nights
too. From her spike heeled tight rubber thigh-boots, to the overly snug
enclosure suit she wore from which only her long mane swung as a ponytail
from a short tube on the top of the mask covering her head, over that,
a tight corset whittled her waist and made her stand straight and erect.
Surely a much different outfit from her first one those months ago and
that she still loved to wear occasionally, that one was for more public
kinds of wear, the one she wore now was for daily use and enjoyment, right
down to the sleeves in her front and rear orifices and the molded-in, glossy,
representations of her vagina and nipples with all the tiny knobs inside
that stimulated her whenever she moved. Even the high-heels boots were
molded into the suit itself.

The view out here was breathtaking, it was a clear view of the harbor
and the coast, the Solomon bridge off in the distance. Hank had given her
some time off from the store and she was helping Jim with some designs
in the meantime, she turned back, it was time to go inside. She slid the
door shut and came into the top-floor cooking area, passed thru grabbing
two cokes and a straw, and entered thru the oaken pass-doors into the top-floor
playroom and up to the standing X-frame where Jim was fully enclosure suited
and strapped in. She leaned in and kissed him, waking him from his afternoon
nap, and pressed the straw in his lips to drink his fill. She smiled, his
cock rose to say hello and she thumped the end in its sheath with a fingertip
as she went on out and into the hall and into her bedroom, time to change
again, what to wear, what to wear?

She snapped herself into a tight rubber skirt that limited her stride
to less then a foot, but she knew he liked it. She slipped on a peasant
top and went back to set him free and enjoy their afternooner. In his mask,
he was blind, the tubes from his gag and nostrils went to a filter-bag
in which she’d placed her worn, smelly rubber panties from the night before
when she’d herself been bound in the stretchy rubber sleeping bag and tormented
all night by a set of wireless vibrating dildos, almost driving her mad
with pleasure in the process. She still was unsure if it was heaven or
hell, but she’d do it again in a heartbeat she was sure. She led him by
the prick over to the pleasure-swing, helped him into the chair–like device
and unbuttoning her skirt, sat over him, Oooooing as she felt him slide
in, god he always felt just right, she thought to herself as she rode him
to her first orgasm of the afternoon, god, sex on demand was just soooo
good.

She had him all to herself, he was her toy, and she was willingly and
gladly, his.

This beat just getting off by herself by the ton. From that first day
till now, they’d worn nothing for the most part except latex and rubber
outfits and suits and his virility was a thing of legend to her by now.
She was sore from time to time, even if she did still wank herself off
now and again, but now she made him watch and oftimes that was the start
of something beautiful too.

Some of the odder things in this strange relationship of theirs, she
had had to get used to, the medical parts for instance, but he was into
long-term enclosure and so these things had to dealt with she supposed?
She’d done worse when babysitting as a kid. Still, it was an adjustment,
she’d even been in this state herself for a time, just to try it. But,
it was almost unsettling, the quiet and the isolation, it was like yoga,
but different. She just kind of shrugged thinking about it, but he thrived
on it, and like now, there was a constant, hard, cock on call, just for
her. It was the oddest kind of flattery, but she liked it, craved it more
and more in fact.
Sometimes she thought of it as an addiction, but how could that be?
And it just seemed so right somehow besides.

She couldn’t help crying out loudly and lustily as she came again, feeling
her insides clutching at Jim’s manly meat, the tapered shaft dragging over
her g-spot and she quivered, shaking and jerking, surging in his lap as
she fell weakly down on him again and again. Her vision went bright white
for a second as she screamed and felt him shoot his sap against the rubber
sheaths, the cum smacking her innards just hard enough for Niki to hit
the ceiling, twitching like an electrified fish against his chest, his
breathing almost as loud as hers sounded to herself as she recovered.

Finally, she pulled herself off his pecker, shuddering every inch of
the way.Christ, he was still hard. She shook her head in wry respect. She
bet she could get another hour out of him before she had to feed him and
purge his attachments before taking him to bed that night, maybe more…
Hmmm.

She’d moved in last night, no use paying for an extra room or two with
this huge place to use and enjoy. She was sometimes tempted to call up
one or another of her old friends and throw a terror into them with her
new lifestyle, but then again. Best to keep a good thing to oneself, ya
know? And it was a good thing. Jim was generous, kind, smart and fun, if
in the oddest ways. When she’d taken the hood off him last afternoon, he’d
said “What? Oh, I thought I was in heaven, where is the toilet angel, I
really have to pee?” and they’d both almost died laughing it was so absurd.

The second night she’d been staying over here, he’d told her about what
he wanted her to do. Helping him dress, maintain and watch over him, the
enema’s, urine bag, the works. Surprisingly, it hadn’t left her cold. Or
at least, not as much as even she might have supposed anyway. He’d explained
it, laid it out, showed her the equipment, the catheters. They had to be
sterile, gloves were no problem to use, even though we were wearing them
already, but she understood. He did most of the first time dressing and
plumbing himself, he was used to it and from his sure movements, it was
true she saw. It was all part of the suit mainly; he passed the tube swinging
from the end of his penis thru the suit itself. Watching him put in the
tube had looked like magic, oddly creepy magic that was. There was a hollow
plug that went up his rear mated to the suit, the mask was loose and a
trio of tubes ran from it. Watching him impale himself had made her horny,
but he couldn’t get erect with the tube in he’d informed her, too bad she
had thought at the time.

Once suited, he showed her how to attach the flushing tube to the dildo
up his butt and she watched as the water filled him, it looked uncomfortable.
Five minutes later, she attached the drain tube, thoughtfully colored,
and the tap was turned and she watched him almost fall over with relief
as the water and excreta left.
Then again, and then, once more. Then he was led over to a table and
laid on it. Straps where attached, but not to the table, instead they ran
on wires to the ceiling and a frame above. She re-attached his anal tube
to a motorized device and two bucket-like receptacles, he would be flushed
every two hours for four hours, then every six hours after that until the
morning. The computer took care of most of it, she was mainly there for
safety’s sake, in case something went wrong.

She attached another connection tube running a mix of oxygen and air
and venting his exhalations from the mask to a rebreather bag to control
his excitement. She inflated the bag-mask around his head, acting as both
restraint and pillow. She attached his urine bag and hung it from his thigh,
she would have to check it every few hours. She backed away and pushed
a button on the wall, the table retracted into the floor and Jim hung in
mid-air, swaying gently. He was utterly isolated from her, from everything.
Yet he liked this, a lot. Or so he’d said for about six hours yesterday
evening, as she was pumping his history out of him, along with a large
load of sperm. He’d been in an accident years ago, and had been in a coma
for a time, yet he knew everything that was going on around him, or so
he said. The description was breathtaking, if what he said was true, she’d
really lead a sheltered life, which she knew already.

Now he was floating before her. She listened to the air-piping whoosh
and move about as he breathed. Utterly still, like death. Way utterly,
totally cool. She’d always been fascinated as a kid with creepy things,
and this hit lots of buttons for her. He was totally dependant on her,
not that she intended to do anything of course, but the feeling was heady
nonetheless. That night, she was wearing simply a tight, short skirt, a
top with a scooped front and her new stiletto heels. She couldn’t help
herself, she worked herself off watching him, then made dinner, watched
TV, played the computer, and made sure he was changed and watered. The
next morning, she let him out. They made love like mad weasels and napped
all afternoon. And so began a very interesting period of her life.

Niki hadn’t forgotten Hank and the shop, in fact they were in talks
to buy it and expand it, with Hank at the helm. These days though, she
was usually caught up taking care of Jim’s needs, as well as her own. Helping
run the business’s, drawing up plans, diagrams, blueprints, the list was
endless these days… Often she would have to pull Jim from his revelry and
shove him to the desk. It broke her heart to do it, but it needed doing
now and again.

They’d moved in exercise equipment, designed by themselves, she was
using it now in fact, the twin poles in the computer-controled bike’s seat
sliding about in her pussy and ass, driving her crazy with pleasure until
the timer ran out, the cuffs on her arms more to hold her up then to restrain
her. Oh god, the pleasure, the pleasures she’d felt and the pleasures she
had yet to feel! She flailed about in the stirrups, her body quivering
and shivering with every orgasm she rode out, every peak she attained,
every spamming clinch as she bounced in the saddle, skewering herself with
the rampaging dildos. Her mind grew dulled as the waves of pleasures broke
in endless, orgasmic, feeling. Another mountain rose and she scaled it,
crashed down the other side and rode out the next one following, her juices
dripped steadily into a pan under the bike from a tiny drain under her
covered sex. It worked wonders on Jim, her own perfume.

At some point, the motor-assist cut out and she rode the pedals to a
stop, the dildos slowing and then stopping and, twitching and moaning,
she regained reality.
The cuffs sprang open, she unbelted her booted feet from the pads and
shuddered one last time as she rose off the remainder to the rods that
had pummeled her relentlessly for the last two hours. It was feeding time.
She took the two bags of liquefied food from the warmer and two waterbags
and entered the first floor mainroom. In a clear tank, Jim floated in warm
water, tubes running here and there. She was going to release him soon,
but first, dinner, as it were. She picked up the feed-tube, attached it
to the bag and started squeezing slowly. These were not esophageal tubes,
just short tubes into the back of the mouth thru the bit-gag, the liquid-food
was easily swallowed. She wore one herself as well, it was part of her
suit, like the small urine tube running from her suit’s crotch, molded
to her flesh so she could go and not have to change. It made sense.

After awhile, the first bag was empty and she changed it out for the
water, hooked it to drip for him and repeated the feeding process for herself.
She hadn’t had to change out of the suit she was wearing in three days.
She shuddered to think how she smelt. But she had something special planed
for today, she shivered in anticipation. She tossed the bags away and flipped
a switch, draining the tank and retracting into the floor, leaving Jim
shivering on the floor. She helped him slowly get to his feet and led him
into the steel-shod second-floor bathroom and into a large, warmed medical
bathtub. And there they soaked, slowly getting out of the suits they’d
worn for days on end, soaking the dirt from their pores, unmatting their
hair. They kissed a torrid kiss; he hadn’t seen her face in days. He more
than made up for it now, she knew she was adored and loved. He cried sometimes,
in joy of her he said once.

“My Niki, my all. You have made me realize that the sectional stresses
on number’s 441 and 40 can’t bear the loads. Better to equalize the weight
with bias-beams to add floor weight. Can we re-do the prints before the
shipping date?” he said while nibbling at her ear and throat, making her
shiver as she replied, sighing.

“Already outlined, you just have to do the overlay transparencies and
the masters. Kiss me right there, again… Ahhhhh! Darling! Mmmmm.”

“How did I ever exist without you, you’re amazing. What other emergencies
await me?” he said between pauses to stick his tongue in her mouth and
peck the end of her nose.

“One call, to March Ironwerks. 270 tons light last order, we need the
material Jim.” Niki moaned, his fingers sliding inside her, making her
squirm against him.

“Hmmm, I’ll get to them soon. If I do this, will you still cum?” he
asked, a thumb flicking her clit in the bath, triggering an instant orgasm
that left her staggering in the water and yelling blissful entities.

They got out of the bath, toweled off. And he made his call, the air
blistered with the language used, but they got their steel. She rewarded
him with a kiss and a squeeze of his cock, again leading him by it into
the dressing room. She made him wear a simple (or by now, so it seemed)
enclosure suit, with open eyes, mouth and nose holes and a penis sheath.
She wore a corresponding suit with a sleeve for her lower holes each. Then
she took a bundle from a stack in the closet and led him out by his cock
again. This time they went up to the second floor bedroom, where the huge
bed with its suspension frame and its canopy of latex sheeting. She pushed
him thru the opening, onto the mattress and spread open the grope-bag and
opened it for him to climb into and then joined him.

The thing about the bag was that it was covered all over the insides
with tiny fingers of soft rubber. And as the bag moved, the fingers opened
and closed, grasped and nuzzled, all over the flesh of the ones on the
inside. She closed the openings, sealing them inside. The rubbery fingers
started their work at once, her nipples were assaulted as well as her pussy
and ass and her entire body, she gasped, slid down his cock and they started
trading spit as they rode off to ecstasy-land.
He finally stuck his tongue in her ear to stop her screaming, and finally,
they made it to sleep, or some semblance thereof.

The next morning was the 21’st, the day they’d picked to go bare naked
for the day, to give themselves a break. They tried making love in the
afternoon sun. but he wilted after about ten minutes and only came once
all day, though he did get hard more than once watching her bare body as
she came and went cleaning the house. Well, he did have a fetish anyway,
so she understood, she made him pleasure her for most of the day whenever
she got horny, which wasn’t as often as had become normal, she found to
her surprise. They dressed in regular clothes, but it just didn’t feel
the same, not to her nor to him, it just didn’t feel right after all they’d
been exposed to all this time. Everything seemed scratchy or chaffing compared
to the attire they’d grown used to and loved to wear. They watched TV,
walked in the park in town, went to the library, and watched the sun go
down over the harbor. It was a perfect day.

Except for one thing.

In the morning, when he awoke, she was already dressed in an enclosure
suit, corset and her boots. And had one ready for him on her arm, acting
the part of the dominant mistress as she made him slide into the latex
they both loved. Her skin was dark, shiny ebony, the surface unmarked,
the woman inside hot and ready for anything. She was one with it. She’d
made a decision in the night, she was ready if he was…

“You know Niki darling. When we first met, I was in ecstasy, were you
the one I’d waited for all these years? I couldn’t be sure, then I started
talking, telling you about my needs. I felt like an absolute fool, I must
have looked a sight huh? Then you accepted me, without equivocation, like
you’d been a part of this as long as I had. It was almost scary, like I
was Frankenstein and was creating you somehow. I don’t know how you’ve
done it, but you’re at as almost an advanced state as I am and it took
me years to get this far. I salute you, I think. Anyway, now you’re on
a par with me, almost. Can you go back to wearing regular clothing now?
I can’t, not that it matters. But you still have a choice, you can stop
now, I still love you and always will no matter what you wear. Even if
you choose to only wear it sometimes, to please me, that’ll be fine. But
you know what I wear. I just wanted to give you this choice because I know
how you value honesty.” Jim said, looking hopeful. She kissed him, sealing
the back of his suit as she replied.

“Yes I do, and I thank you. And I’ve thought about it. I probably could
go back to wearing cloth clothing, to go into town ect. But I chose this
because I’ve found something here, and in this. It’s the strangest thing,
I feel at peace and happy and fulfilled, and have been experiencing this
over and over while wearing it. So it’s kind of ingrained into me now I
guess. And I’ve enjoyed it, and you immensely, and will continue so. And
you, you lovable mugg, you swept me off my feet, let me know that someone
thought I was special, and accepted me for who I was. I needed that as
much as you did Jim, honestly. You’re the most interesting man I’ve ever
met, you’ve treated me as a queen. I wouldn’t trade my time with you for
the whole world, and so, I, like you, choose to wear this, for as long
as I can, from this time on. In order to better please you my love. This
is my gift and my pledge to you.” She replied smilingly.

“Sounds like a marriage to me?” he teased.

“Perhaps it will be, one day. When you ask properly, that is. For now,
it’s what we’ll both make of it, and I think that’s more than good enough
for now, don’t you lover?” she replied with a smirk and a wink.

They kissed, embracing tightly and lovingly, like in a soap opera. Then
went in and had pop-tarts and watched TV.

It was just another night at the Jones’s, to them anyway.

     END.
