---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Jenni and Sam, the beginning
authors:
- Kurt
tags:
- F/f, bond
- scarves
- toys
- cons
- X
---

Jenni and Sam, the beginning by Kurt

**The Beginning**

Before you read this story, there’s something I need to say.  Most
people write these stories for one reason.  They want to share an
intimate part of their lives with you, the reader.  Take the time
and send them an e-mail if possible to let them know how much you enjoy
their story.   I’ve written a few of these stories and only gotten
two e-mails in reply.  It’s something I need to get better at doing. 
So please send me a reply to kurtman73@netscape.net  It would mean
a lot.  Now on with the story…

CLICK!!!

Jenni tried not to struggle, but given the position she was in, it was
a losing battle and she knew it.  If it weren’t for the fat, greasy
dildo, vibrating slowly, nestled between her legs, she might have had a
chance. Then there was the butt plug, slim though it was, but growing wider
as it slid in, also vibrating slowly. And with each little wriggle and
shake, they did their fiendish work, just as Sam knew they would.

CLICK!

“Aaaaahhhhh, God!  I can’t take much more of this.”  Jenni
thought to herself.  She thought back to how this all started.

Jenni and Sam met seven years ago at a company function.  Not that
either of them worked.  Not that either of them needed to.  They
had married for different reasons, Jenni for love and Sam for money, but
they had both ended up in the same position.  Young twenty-something
trophy wives of very wealthy Vice Presidents of a multinational corporation
worth billions, Jenni and Sam were both very well off…and very lonely. 
They were also definitely trophy wives.  Jenni was a petite but somewhat
curvy brunette (all the right curves in all the right places) with naturally
curly hair and Sam, a taller redhead with a flowing mane of fiery hair
that set off her light skin.  Both women kept themselves in excellent
shape through exercise, and what shapes they were.  Thin, but not
at all skinny, with full breasts and a butt you could bounce a quarter
off of.  And while they didn’t exactly dress conservatively, they
also didn’t dress like streetwalkers.  When you have that much money,
you can afford to have your clothes tailored to accentuate your positives
in a most subtle way.

They had hit it off almost instantly and become the best of friends. 
Their husbands were gone 80% of the time and most of those times their
husbands were gone together.  So Jenni and Sam went shopping, out
to dinner, took trips and most of the time, and just hung out together. 
At least that’s how it started.

For the first year or so everything went just like that, but one night
it changed.  The girls were sitting around watching some crime drama
where the girl was tied up and having little success of getting away, and
drinking way too much wine.  They talked throughout most of the movie,
without really watching about a variety of subjects and eventually they
got around to sex.  Jenni raved about her husband’s lovemaking, talking
endlessly about his stamina and techniques, and his hands and his tongue
and some of the positions they tried.  When she caught herself rambling
and stopped her monologue, that’s when things started to change. 
Sam took up the conversation and was talking about her husband and his
lovemaking skills.  She covered the usual topics, much like Jenni
did, but then she asked Jenni the first of two questions that would change
their lives.

“Have you ever been tied up?”  Jenni’s mouth fell open and she
found herself staring at her friend with a look of disbelief in her eyes. 
The very idea!  That was something only perverts did, wasn’t it? 
Sam immediately sensed her shock and made sure she set the record straight.
”No, no, I’m not talking about being tied up and whipped or anything like
that, but sometimes Tom just ties me up with my scarves or nylons or some
of his ties and makes passionate love to me for the longest time. 
It’s pretty amazing.”

“You mean he doesn’t hurt you or anything like that?”  Jenni asked,
suddenly not sure of where this conversation was going.

“Of course not, silly!”  Sam replied.  “It’s not like that
at all.  There’s something so…delicious about being helpless, unable
to keep him from doing whatever he wants to.  Yes it feels very wicked,
but it’s so exciting at the same time.”

Jenni’s mouth was still hanging open a little and she was staring at
her friend who, by the way seemed oblivious to her shock and awe at the
introduction of this subject matter.  “Sometimes, he just ties me
and leaves me with nothing but a vibrator on low speed.  It’s so frustrating
because the vibrator is set too low to get me off, but it is a constant
stimulation.  After a little while, he comes back and screws me cross-eyed. 
Most times I come when he slides inside of me and then I explode several
more times before he comes.  He always leaves me satisfied, and after
an evening like that I always sleep like a baby.”

By now Jenni had recovered from the initial shock and was listening
rather intently to Sam’s explanations.  At the same time, Sam sensed
Jenni’s interest and went into even more detail. The wine kept flowing
and before long they were fairly trashed.  The speech got a little
slurred and took on a decidedly raunchy tone, as the wine continued to
melt the inhibitions away.

By this time Jenni was actually interested in being tied up, and could
hardly wait until her husband got home to see if she could talk him into
it.  She drifted out of the conversation and imagined herself tied
to the bed, unable to stop her husband’s advances, wanting him to take
her then, but having to endure his teasing until he saw fit to end her
suffering and finish the job.

Sam had continued to talk for a moment then when she waited for Jenni
to answer the first question she had asked; she noticed the far away look
in her eyes.  She waited for Jenni to return to the conversation and
then asked the second question that would alter their relationship considerably.

“Wanna try it?” Sam asked.

Jenni replied “Well, I was just sitting here thinking about Jason tying
me up and having his way with me.  Must be the wine talking…”

“No goofy, I mean here, tonight.  Nothing too crazy, just to let
you get the feel of it so you can figure out if it’s for you, that’s all.”

That’s all???  Jenni could hardly believe her ears.  Surely
Sam was not suggesting that she allow Sam to tie her up!

“Before you get all freaked out and think I’m some kind of sicko or
lesbian or bi or something like that, I … well I just thought you might
rather find out now than when you’re with Jason, and you’ve just asked
him to tie you up and take you, and now you’re helpless, and he’s having
lots of fun and suddenly you decide that you’re not.  I mean that
would really be kind of embarrassing, wouldn’t it?”

“I guess so.”

“Well then, who better than your best friend to help you out?”

“But I don’t know about…”

“Look, I’m not gonna do anything weird, I’m just trying to help you
out and save you some embarrassment if you don’t like it, that’s all. 
If you don’t want to, then we can forget it and this part of the conversation
never happened.  Just forget it and…”

“No it’s not that, it just seems kinda odd.  I mean we normally
wouldn’t even think about…  I mean it just doesn’t seem like it’s
the right thing to do and…”

“Of course it isn’t the right thing to do, that’s what makes it so much
fun!  But if you don’t want to, then that’s it.  We’ll never
talk about it again, okay?”

“No, it’s not that it wouldn’t be fun, I mean I guess it would be fun
to try, but we’re both women and if someone found out…  You promise
that if I don’t like it you’ll untie me right away?”

“I promise.  No questions asked, no further discussions, unless
we get this drunk again!”

Well…okay, let’s do it!”

“Only if you’re sure.  I don’t want you to feel forced or anything,”

“Yes, let’s get going before I change my mind.”

“Okay, come on.”  Sam took Jenni by the hand and led her up the
staircase to the master bedroom.  “So what do you want to be tied
with?  I have nylons, scarves, ties, and even some rope and leather
cuffs that Tom bought a while back.”

“I don’t really know.  I was thinking about scarves, what do you
think?”

“That was gonna be my suggestion.  They’re soft and gentle, and
they make a nice looking package when you’re all finished.”

The words “package” and “finished” really didn’t register with Jenni. 
Maybe it was the wine or maybe it was the excitement of the moment, but
they never really sunk in with Jenni.  They would in a while.

“So how do we do this?”  Jenni asked.  “Am I supposed to have
my clothes on or what?”

Well, you want to get the full effect, don’t you?  I mean if you
get right down to it this is all about sex, and you don’t usually have
sex with all your clothes on, do you?”  Sam queried.  Jenni immediately
thought of the time or two when she and Jason actually did have sex with
all their clothes on, but decided to not pursue that end of the conversation.
“No, not usually.” She replied.  “Do I go all the way?”

“It’s up to you.  You can leave your bra and panties on if you’d
like.  I prefer totally nude.”  It wouldn’t have been the first
time they’d been naked around each other.  They had occasionally sunbathed
nude out by her pool.

“Okay, here goes.”  Jenni said nervously.

Jenni started to strip while Sam went to one of her dresser drawers
and carefully selected a whole handful of scarves.  Beautiful scarves. 
In all manner of shapes and colors and patterns, from manufacturers you’ve
heard of to no-name brands.  But one thing was clear.  Sam had
scarves, lots of them.  Had Jenni looked in that drawer, she would
have seen that there were hundreds of scarves in that drawer, all folded
neatly and arranged just so.

“Well I guess in for a dime, in for a dollar” Jenni said, the slight
wavering in her voice showing a mixture of nervousness and excitement. 
She removed her last two items of clothing, her bra and panties and stood,
blushing deeply before her friend, before she saw the great handful of
scarves that Sam held in her hand.

“Do we really need all of those?” Jenni asked. “It looks like an awful
lot.  I mean, I don’t want to be tied up so tight that I can’t move
at all!”

Don’t worry, I won’t use all of them.  I just grabbed a handful.” 
Sam replied.  And it was mostly true.  Sam didn’t plan to use
all the scarves she picked out, but there were a lot of them. Even if she
only used half of them, Jenni would be very thoroughly bound.  But
Jenni was happy with that answer and with a nervous grin on her face presented
her wrists crossed in front of her to Sam.

“Oh, no,” Sam replied “hands in back, like this.  But first, I
have to do some folding to get ready.  Sam took one scarf after another,
shook it out and folded the square ones into bands about three inches wide
and the rectangles into bands about2 inches wide.  Jenni watched as
Sam folded, trying to understand why she was taking such care to fold something
when it was just going to be tied in knots in a minute.  Finally,
after Sam had folded about 10 scarves her curiosity got the best of her
and she asked Sam.

“Why do you have to fold everything so nicely?” Jenni asked.  “I
mean, you’re just gonna use them to tie me up, so what does it matter if
they’re folded?”

“It’s really pretty simple,” Sam replied, “If I fold them the right
way they won’t get twisted and possibly cut off circulation.  It also
makes it much more comfortable for you, and we want you to be comfortable,
don’t we?”

“That makes sense.  So how do you want me?” Jenni asked nervously,
certain that the moment was at hand.  She was still having some second
thoughts about this but between the wine and not wanting to chicken out
in front of her best friend, she knew she just needed to get it over with.

“For starters, don’t be so nervous!”  Was it that obvious? “Now
come over here and turn around.  Put your hands behind your back…
like this…now let me know if anything gets too tight… there, that’s the
first one, now hold still…here goes the second one…  There, how’s
that?”

Jenni’s hands were now snugged together.  Sam had used one of the
folded squares to tie her wrists with her hands palm-to-palm and a rectangle
to cinch the first scarf. Of course the knots were placed on top of her
bindings, toward her elbows.  It was very secure…deceptively so.

“Wow, I can barely move my wrists, but it doesn’t hurt at all.” 
She wriggled her hands and twisted her arms experimentally, but there was
no slack.  But even better than that, there was no discomfort. 
Jenni was surprised at the feeling.  It was so snug and secure, almost
like a very large pair of very soft hands.  “This is kinda neat. 
What happens now?  Do you tie something else?”

“That’s entirely up to you.  If you were really being tied up,
I’d tie your elbows next.  That’d keep you from twisting your arms
around as much.  Wanna try that?”

“I guess so.  I don’t really know how I need to be tied, so I’ll
just leave it up to you, okay?”

“Okay by me.  You just let me know if anything gets too tight. 
Remember, this is supposed to be fun.  Now I’m gonna take this scarf
and wrap it around your arms just above the elbow.  Then I’m gonna
pull until you tell me to stop.  My goal is to you’re your elbows
come as close together as I can without causing you discomfort. You need
to tell me if it becomes the least bit uncomfortable because over the next
little while, a little uncomfortable will become painful, understand?”

“Okay, but I’m pretty flexible, do your worst.”  Jenni replied. 
Sam took the folded square and wrapped it around Jenni’s arms and began
to pull.  She didn’t have to apply much pressure to get Jenni’s elbows
moving closer together.  When they were about 3 inches apart, Sam
stopped and waited for Jenni to complain.  She even asked her “Is
that too tight?” but Jenny assured her that it wasn’t.  “Okay then”
and Sam pulled again, this time a little harder.  Jenni’s elbows slid
together and almost touched behind her.  Sam wrapped the ends around
Jenni’s elbows again and then crossed the ends and cinched them (it was
quite a large scarf, Sam hadn’t expected Jenni’s elbows to be so flexible). 
She tugged the cinch tight and tied off the ends.  Amazingly, Jenni’s
elbows were touching “Are you sure that’s not too tight?” she asked again.

“Really, it’s okay.  I’ve always been really flexible, must be
the exercise classes.  What next?  This is pretty neat so far.”

“Well, I guess I’d work on your upper body a little.  Something
like this, maybe.”  And with that, Sam tied one scarf above her breasts
and one below her breasts, pinning her arms to her back.  As she wrapped
the scarves around her chest, Sam noticed that Jenni’s nipples seemed to
be very erect, so after the scarf above and below her breasts were tied,
she cinched between her arms and her body, tightening her chest scarves
a little more.

Sam moved in front of Jenni and folded a rectangle lengthways, and passed
the end with the fold under her chest scarves and passed the free ends
through the loop and pulled the ends up over Jenni’s shoulders and tied
the ends off to her elbow bindings, after making sure that the loop between
her breasts was still open about an inch, pulling the upper and lower scarves
close but not together.  The effect was beautiful.  The upper
and lower scarves squeezed the base of her breasts slightly and brought
them to even greater prominence, her nipples standing out even further
(if that was possible).

Jenni twisted experimentally and found how much more restrictive her
bondage was now, her arms being held tightly against her body.  “Gosh,
this is getting awfully snug.  What else could you need to do?”

Without answering, Sam went back to her scarf drawer (not that she needed
more scarves, just a specific one) and selected a large rectangle of a
very soft and supple silk.  It was about 24 inches wide and about
6 feet long.  She laid on the edge of the bed and folded it lengthwise
so that it was now 12 inches wide.  She walked up behind Jenni and
drew the folded scarf across her breasts, making a kind of tube top, tying
the ends behind Jenni’s back.  Her nipples poked at the soft silk
and made a most inviting target for a quick tickle or a gentle caress. 
Sam refrained from both for the time being.

“Ooooohhh!  That feels heavenly.”  Jenni said and twisted
some more, not necessarily testing the limits of her bondage, but more
to test the sensations that it provided.  As she twisted her shoulders,
her breasts slid inside the silky confines and she sucked in her breath
sharply then let out a slow, languorous moan, closed her eyes and shivered
slightly.  “Oh my God, this is too much!” The words practically oozed
out of Jenni’s mouth, her eyes looking down at her silk-covered breasts
as she continued wriggling back and forth.

Sam stood back, not answering, and watched Jenni.  She remembered
the first time she had enjoyed being bound (it took Tom several tries to
get it right.  Tight but comfortable.)  It was almost like no
one else was there, just her and her bondage.  And Jenni looked fantastic,
her arms pulled so tightly behind her and her breasts packaged so nicely
in front.  Sam found herself chewing on her bottom lip and had to
stop herself from dreaming about herself in this predicament, how she’s
react, what she would be feeling.

“Time to get on with this.” She thought to herself, and then out loud
she said “Are you ready to keep going?”

“You mean there’s more?  It seems like I’m helpless enough already.”
a startled Jenni replied, suddenly realizing that she wasn’t alone and
blushing slightly at her actions.

“Well it’s up to you, of course.  There’s a lot we can do from
here.  I can tie your legs next if you want, that’s what usually happens
next.” Sam suggested.

“Well how would you tie them?  I mean, the object is to be able
to have sex after I’m tied, isn’t it?”  Jenni asked.  “If you
tie my legs together, how would that work?”

“Who said anything about tying your legs together?   There
are bunches of ways to tie your legs.  The object is just to make
sure that you can’t get away, and that you’re “available” for whatever
Jason wants to do to you.  Now come over here and climb up on the
bed”

Jenni obliged her this request and climbed up on the bed, kneeling in
the middle, looking expectantly at Sam

“Okay, slide over here and sit Indian-style.”  Jenni did her best
to follow that request and after almost falling over twice, was sitting,
cross-legged, near the edge of the bed “There, that’s fine.” Sam said and
gathered up a few scarves to tie her legs.

She started by tying a square around each ankle, and then tying that
to her opposite thigh, above her knee.  Two more squares cinched her
ankles to the tops of her calves, right below the knee.  She repeated
this process with three more squares, spaced evenly between the two holding
her ankles against her upper calves then took two long scarves and intertwined
them through all the others, starting at the outside and working towards
the middle, cinching everything very snugly and holding all the scarves
in place.

“There, how’s that?”  Sam queried.  Sam already knew the answer
to the question, Jenni’s legs were welded together, at least from the knee
to the ankle, and no amount of wriggling would get them loose.  That
didn’t stop Jenni from trying.

She twisted this way and that, her upper body moved quite a bit, but
her legs didn’t.  “Wow, this is really something, but I still don’t
see how we’d be able to have sex…that is…I mean… if you were Jason.” 
Jenni blushed deeply at her last stuttering sentence to Sam.

“That’s okay, I know what you meant,” Sam reassured her “but I’m not
done yet.  Let me spin you around and I’ll finish things up.” She
grabbed Jenni by the shoulders and slid her around on the bed until she
was facing away from her.

“But I don’t see what you could possibly do from here to make it so
that I would be available for sex.”

Patience, my dear,” Sam replied. “The first thing is this.” and Sam
drew the folded square over Jenni’s eyes, drawing it tight behind her head
and knotting it there. “Hey, what did ya do that for?” Jenni asked “I wanted
to be able to see what was coming next.  C’mon, this isn’t fair!”

“When one sense is removed, all the other senses become that much more
aware.” Sam explained.  “If you can’t see what’s coming next, that’s
half the fun.  Tom usually blindfolds me before we even get started,
then everything is a surprise.  Kinda like this…”  And Sam began
to massage Jenni’s silk-covered breasts with her left hand, while her right
hand folded up the next square scarf into a ball.  Poor Jenni had
no idea of what was coming next.  If she had, she probably wouldn’t
have reacted like she did.

Initially, she sucked her breath in sharply and held it, as though holding
her breath might make her invisible or make Sam stop.  She wasn’t
really sure she wanted either to happen.  Most certainly it was a
pleasurable experience, but it seemed all wrong.  It just wasn’t part
of the plan, or at least Jenni’s plan.  Part of the plan or not, it
felt good.

Sam’s hand wandered over Jenni’s breasts, using her fingernail to tease
first one then the other nipple to full attention, so that they were straining
against the fabric of the scarf that covered them.  She grasped the
nipples, one at a time and rolled them between thumb and forefinger, before
returning to gently caressing the silk globes.

Jenni finally exhaled, but still didn’t say anything as Sam continued
her ministrations.  Her breathing increased in both frequency and
volume, breathing much faster and deeper than a few moments before, but
still she was silent.  Sam was sure that she’d thrown her friend for
a loop and the object was to confuse her slightly.

It worked.  After a few more seconds, Jenni began a soft moaning,
sucking her breath in sharply through her teeth and releasing her breath
in a low, almost breathless groan.  After a few cycles of this, Sam
readied the balled-up scarf in her right hand and with her left, roughly
grasped Jenni’s nipple and pinched while Jenni was exhaling.

The result was as predictable as Sam had hoped it would be.  Jenni’s
mouth shot open and she screamed…for a second at least…until Sam shoved
the balled up scarf into Jenni’s open mouth and prodded it deep behind
her lips.  She changed hands and held the balled-up scarf in place
with her left hand while her right hand reached for the next scarf in the
pile.

Jenni was predictable, if nothing else.  She had tolerated (okay
after a minute or so she had enjoyed) the breast play, and may have been
actually looking forward to the next step, but hadn’t considered this. 
At this latest indignation, Jenni flew into a fit of struggling, trying
to stop her friend from doing this to her.  HER FRIEND!!!!  No
friend would do this to her!  She twisted and turned and continued
to try and scream through the rather large scarf stuffed in her mouth (with
little success) but remained as thoroughly bound as before.  That
did not stop her from her continued struggling.  Her fingers clutched
at everything, hoping to find something loose to pull on that would magically
free her (she succeeded in grabbing nothing except the bed covers). 
Her head twisted as much as it could with Sam holding the wad of silk in
her mouth, trying to dislodge the blindfold, hoping that if somehow she
could see, she would find a way out of this mess.

By now Sam had retrieved the folded scarf and pulled it over Jenni’s
open mouth, pulling the edges between Jenni’s teeth.  She wrapped
the ends behind her head and knotted the scarf…tightly pulling the scarf
between Jenni’s teeth and holding the packing firmly in place, and stepped
back to watch the show.

Sam knew Jenni’s confusion and brief moment of terror.  The first
time Tom had tied her, then added a blindfold she was a little apprehensive. 
Then he had shoved the big, fat penis gag in her mouth, the one with the
padded covering that went from just below her nose to the base of her chin. 
Once it was buckled, her mouth was formed around the gag and her lips were
pressed tightly against her teeth, she could hardly make a sound. 
And then the things that Tom had done to her....

But Jenni had it a little easier in the gag department.  Her mouth
was held open and she could make a good bit of noise, not that anyone could
hear her; the neighborhood she and Sam lived in was very spacious, with
2 acre wooded lots that insured privacy, lots of privacy.

Jenni’s struggles continued for a moment longer, until Sam put a hand
on her shoulder in an effort to calm her friend.  “Jenni,” She whispered
and Jenni jumped from being startled.  She was so wrapped up in her
struggles that she had almost forgotten about Sam. “Jenni, I want you to
calm down a little.”

CALM DOWN A LITTLE?  How could she say that?   
She’d just been kidnapped by her best friend of seven years. Bound into
helplessness and blindfolded and gagged. And she didn’t know what would
happen next.

“Jenni?  Are you listening?”  Like she had a choice. 
“Jenni, I haven’t done anything to hurt you.  Surprise you maybe,
but not hurt you.  I would never do anything to hurt you.  Take
a minute to calm down and take account of your situation.  Yes you’re
tied up, blindfolded and gagged, but think about how exciting it would
be for Jason to have you like this and not knowing what he’d do next. 
You know he wouldn’t hurt you, don’t you?”

Jenni nodded slightly. “And neither will I.  I just wanted you
to know the feeling of true helplessness.  Do you feel truly helpless?” 
Again Jenni nodded.  “Good, now knowing that I haven’t hurt you and
having my promise that I won’t hurt you, do you want to continue? 
If you don’t, just say so…oopsy, guess you can’t do that, just shake your
head and I’ll let you go right now.  You tell me, do you want to continue?”

For several seconds Jenni considered her options.  Did she trust
Sam enough to continue?  Up until a few minutes ago, the answer would
have been an unequivocal yes. That was after the breast teasing, but before
the gag.  Of course Sam had a point, she hadn’t been hurt…surprised
a little, okay a lot, but not hurt.  If Sam was going to do something
awful to her, she could’ve easily done it by now.  And the breast
thing did feel awfully good.  If Sam was out to hurt her she’d know
very quickly if she asked to be let loose, but if she did that, would this
opportunity ever present itself again?  Jenni wasn’t prepared to take
that chance.  She nodded meekly and blushed deep crimson all the way
down into her chest, surrendering herself to whatever Sam had in store
for her.

“Good.  The next part will take just a minute to put together. 
Just sit there and get used to the feeling of being bound and unable to
escape, I’ll be right back”

Those words had a profound effect on Jenni. “being bound and unable
to escape”  Sure she knew she was bound when Sam had gagged her, but
the “unable to escape” part really hit home.  Was she truly unable
to escape?  She tried to envision the scarves that held her, how they
were tied, and what the knots looked like.  She tried to envision
a way to find a loose end to grab and perhaps unravel the myriad of knots
securing her but there was no way of knowing where the ends were and which
ones to pull if she found them.  Then it hit her. She was truly unable
to escape.  No amount of twisting or turning or wriggling or shaking
would free her.  She was a prisoner, just as if she were locked in
a cell or a cage.  She found herself strangely comforted by that thought,
the fact that her best friend had complete control over her helplessness
and there was absolutely nothing she could do about it.

While Jenni was coming to newfound revelations about her latest lot
in life, Sam had busied herself preparing the evening’s final surprise. 
This meant going across the bedroom, to her walk-in closet and into to
the locked chest, hidden inconspicuously behind her long winter coats (you
can never be too careful when you have a cleaning service, she mused).Opening
the lock and the top of the chest, she rummaged through the various contents
on the top shelf until she found what she was looking for.  The two
1” steel rings, the large remote control egg (the one with the long life
batteries), the “butterfly” stimulator, and the bottle of Astro Glide. 
Going back to her scarf drawer, she grabbed another large square, a medium
square, a silk handkerchief and a very long rectangle.  She carried
her collection of goodies back to the bed and laid them quietly on the
corner away from where Jenni sat.

“Are you ready to finish this off?”  Sam asked, startling Jenni
for about the fifth time this evening.  Jenni nodded and mumbled an
affirmative “uh-huh” from behind the gag.

“Okay, here goes” Sam said “We’ll just start off like this” and grabbed
the two rings and the handkerchief and large square.   She tied
one of the rings in the center of the handkerchief and passed the free
ends above and below the scarves between Jenni’s breasts, leaving the ring
centered between them.  She passed the free ends between the breast
scarves and her body and pulled the ends around in front, where she promptly
knotted them off loosely, compressing the scarves holding her breasts slightly.
She pulled experimentally on the ring and found that, as the ring was pulled,
the last of the slack was taken up against the scarves tied around her
breasts, compressing them much more.  Jenni confirmed this with a
grunt behind the gag and a twisting of her shoulders.  Sam released
the tension on the ring and everything relaxed.  She loosened and
retied the knot again, getting just the right amount of tension

  She took the large square and folded it into a band about 3”
wide, passed it around Jenni’s waist with the ends in front and tied the
ends off over her navel, with the scarf cutting slightly at her waist. 
Not painfully, but tight enough that it wouldn’t move very much on its
own. Then she tied the second ring into the knot over her navel and tucked
the loose ends under the waist scarf.

Sam took the long rectangle and tied one end to Jenni’s joined legs
at a spot centered between her knees.  She took the free end and passed
it through the ring at her breasts, then through the ring at her waist
and pulled out the slack until it came up taut.

“Okay, only one last thing and you’ll be finished!” Sam said, merrily. 
“I’ve got to tip you over on your side to do this, but you’ll be fine. 
Ready, hold on!”

Sam grabbed Jenni by the shoulders and gently tipped her over on her
side, using the pillows from the bed to prop her up.  She grabbed
the rectangular scarf that was tied to her legs, passed through the two
rings and between her legs.  Even with all of this, there was still
a good 3 feet of scarf without pulling.  Sam took the free end and
passed it around the scarf binding Jenni’s wrists and pulled about a foot
through, leaving a great deal of slack where it passed through her legs.

Going to the corner of the bed, Sam retrieved the remote egg, the butterfly,
and the Astro Glide.  She slathered the egg in the lubricant, holding
it in her right hand.  With one deft movement, she reached out with
her left hand, slightly parting the lips of Jenni’s sex and slid the well
lubricated egg home.  Quickly, she took the butterfly and pressed
it into place with her left hand, trapping the egg inside, while her right
hand grabbed a medium square and placed it over Jenni’s suddenly occupied
sex, acting as a pad.  Then she spread open and maneuvered the rectangle
to hold both items firmly in place.  Once in place, Sam grabbed the
free end and pulled out all the slack.

To say Jenni was surprised again would be a slight understatement. 
At the first touch of Sam’s hand, she jumped but was powerless to stop
the insertion of the egg, the placement of the butterfly, the scarf crotch
pad, and the rectangle holding it all in place. That didn’t stop her from
trying, though.  Instinctively, she tried to close her legs, but that
didn’t work, she tried to work herself into a sitting position, and that
didn’t work.  By that time the egg, the butterfly covering it and
the scarves holding it all together were snugged into place.

Keeping pressure on the rectangular crotch scarf, Sam removed the pillows
propped around Jenni and slowly raised her upright to her original sitting
position.  Maintaining the tension on the crotch scarf, Sam pushed
Jenni’s shoulders forward and down, causing her to bend forward, her tied
legs coming ever closer to her bound breasts.  When her nipples were
just grazing the tops of her thighs, she stopped.  By maintaining
pressure on the crotch scarf, she had taken up the slack and Jenni was
now held in a bent-over position.  The crotch scarf going from her
crossed legs, through the two rings and between her legs, was now being
wrapped around the bindings of her hands and tied off at the elbow bondage,
keeping the knots away from her fingers.  Any attempt to straighten
up would result in the greater pressure somewhere.  It would pull
on her bound wrists, or tighten through her crotch, placing more pressure
on the butterfly, crushing it against her, or it would tighten the scarves
binding her breasts, squeezing them even more and caressing them in their
silken bra, or all three.

Of course from Jenni’s side of things, she was still trying to figure
out what had happened. All she knew at the moment was that her best friend,
after tying her up so securely she could never get loose without help had
blindfolded her, played with her bound breasts, gagged her and now shoved
something rather large inside her, held it in place and tied her even more
tightly.  All of which she had consented to (for the most part). 
At this point she really had no choice but to trust her friend, but she
was having some serious doubts.

She remembered the fluttering feeling in her belly when the first scarf
had been knotted around her wrists, and how that fluttering had turned
to nervousness when her elbows had been bound, followed by the scarves
encircling her breasts and pinning her arms to her back.  She recalled
how that nervousness gave way to excitement when her legs were bound, only
to turn to fear for a moment when she was blindfolded and gagged.

That fear passed after a few moments of Sam’s calming voice, and was
replaced by interest as Sam tied the last few scarves in place.  But
the emotion grew to something she had never before  experienced when
her best friend, her closest companion for the last seven years, laid her
on her side, shoved something large and slippery inside her and tied her
so that she’d not be able to work it out on her own.

It was almost like a burning, deep in the pit of her stomach that spread
further as she was set upright again and the last of the scarves were tied,
holding her in this bent-over position.  She couldn’t begin to imagine
what was coming next and the excitement grew as the time passed. 
Her breathing was shallow and quick and she squirmed in muted helplessness
waiting for something to happen.  Then it hit her…

My God, she was enjoying this, just like Sam had thought she would! 
When that revelation hit her, it rose like the morning sun and engulfed
her in a warm feeling that made her belly rumble…

Hey wait, that wasn’t her belly, that thing that Sam had shoved inside
her was starting to vibrate!!  God!  What was Sam doing to her?

Sam, for her part was grinning like the Cheshire Cat.  It was so
delicious to watch Jenni come to grips with her situation while she slowly,
subtly inched the vibrating egg control until it just barely came on, and
then waited for Jenni to realize what was going on.

She saw Jenni stiffen in her bonds and let out a howl from behind the
gag. “There it is!” Sam thought to herself, and turned off the egg. 
Jenni struggled for a moment then fell silent, letting out a long, drawn
out exhale.

“Jenni dear,” Sam said as she moved close to her friend “this is what
true bondage feels like.  Being so completely at another’s mercy that
it feels like they hold your life in their hands.  Having them be
able to do whatever they want and having you powerless to stop them. 
But at the same time, trusting them to take care of you and take you places
you’ve never been before.  It seems I’ve already done that, doesn’t
it?”

Jenni, now paying close attention to her friend, trying to get some
hint of what was coming next, nodded quietly.

“It’s all about trust Jenni.  I know it seems like you have no
choice at the moment, but you do.  You can trust me and I can make
this an even more pleasurable experience, or you can not and we’ll end
this now.  Do you trust me Jenni?”

Again, Jenni nodded.  “Good, now try to relax a little and enjoy
these sensations.  I promise you the next few hours will be like no
other in your life.”

Next few hours?  She surely wouldn’t keep her like this for that
ling!  She’d go insane.  She’d be unable to walk right for days. 
She’d be …

And that was when Sam hit the button on the remote again, turning onto
it’s lowest setting.  Jenni responded with a grunt and renewed struggling
as Sam eased the speed control on the egg a little higher.

“Good, that’s it Jenni, struggle for me.  This is the best part. 
When you finally realize that you are completely under my control and I
can do anything I want to you…And I will, Jenni.”

As Sam reached out to stroke Jenni’s breast, Jenni heaved at her bonds
with renewed vigor.  Sam’s caresses along with Jenni’s realizations
had the desired effect on Jenni. As she fought her bonds Sam watched, fascinated. 
She was pretty good at this tying up stuff.  She’d tied Tom a couple
of times. The first time he was able to get loose in a few minutes. 
The second time she had teased him for about 25 minutes before he managed
to slip free.  The third time it was all over.  She kept Tom
tied for about 2 hours. The whole time she toyed with him, stroking and
caressing him, giving him partial blow jobs (the partial part meaning she
would stop before he could cum), playing with his erection with the softest
of her scarves and then stopping moments before he came.  God, he
was furious that night.

When she finally mounted him and gave them both release she thought
he would scream the walls down.  But given the 4 pairs of her panties
stuffed in his mouth and the two scarves holding them in place, the likelihood
of his pathetically muffled mewling doing any real damage was not very
great. She’d paid dearly for that one, spending the next night tied with
scarves in one of their dining room chairs, the ones with the high backs. 
Welded to the chair would be a better description, her legs spread and
tied to the chair legs at ankle and knee, her lower thighs pulled open
to the arms of the chair and tied there, her arms tied to the chair arms
at wrist and just below the elbow, and her upper body (including her blindfolded
and severely gagged head) tied to the chair back so tightly that the only
thing she could move were her fingers and toes.  He had even run a
long scarf around her back, over her hips only to pull both ends down on
either side of her sex and back to the rungs on the back of the chair. 
When he tightened this one, it pulled her bolt-upright in the chair, completely
unable to move an inch. Tom had then taken one of their many vibrators,
the one that plugged into the wall with the long remote cord and slid it
under her, nestled right between the lips of her sex, taped the end in
place so it couldn’t move, and toyed with her for 4 hours, always stopping
short of letting her come.  When he finally untied her, she tackled
him and had fairly raped him right there in the dining room.  When
they were done, she noticed the chair she was tied to.  The seat was
so slick with the remnants of her passion that they both thought it’d have
to be refinished.  Fortunately, it didn’t.  Thank God for polyurethane
finishes.

Which brought her back to thinking about Jenni.  Being on this
side of the ropes (or scarves) it was easy to see why some people took
such an interest in bondage.  What a beautiful package Jenni made. 
Muscles straining slightly as she continued to test her bonds, the beautiful
colors and patterns of all the scarves, the free ends flowing with her
limited movements like tall flowers in a breeze, her head twisting from
side to side in a useless attempt to see, and her gagged moans and grunts
had such a sultry, wanton sound that it was impossible to listen to them
and not be affected in some way.

Quite simply, Jenni was a beautiful woman in beautiful bondage. 
Prior to tonight, Sam had never given much thought to being with another
woman in this way, but after studying Jenni’s beauty for the last several
minutes, making that choice would be understandable.

Sam absent-mindedly toyed with Jenni’s breasts for a few more minutes,
stoking the fire that must surely be burning in her belly.  “Time
to turn things up a notch” Sam thought to herself, and nudged the control
on the egg just a little higher.  Jenni responded in kind with a grunt
of surprise and more feeble struggles.  Then Sam hit the speed control
on the butterfly…

Jenni’s body tensed, tightening the scarf connecting her crossed legs
to her wrists.  It tightened the scarves wound around her breasts
and ground the butterfly even tighter against her clit.  Then the
thrashing started in earnest, Jenni tugged and heaved at the scarves holding
her, still coming no closer to release.  Sam marveled at the scarves
around Jenni’s breasts.  With each heave against her bonds, Jenni’s
breasts got compressed and actually seemed to balloon out against her scarf
bra.  Her nipple flattened against the slippery fabric with each compression
and when the tension was released, looked like two pebbles pointing out
against the silk.

Meanwhile Jenni was marveling at the sensations coursing through her
body.  The bondage was a new experience to be sure complete with blindfold
and gag, but whatever Sam had shoved inside her was singing merrily away,
and then she had turned on something else that was buzzing away at her
clit.  The combination of those things was proving to be just what
the doctor ordered, and Jenni could feel the familiar warmth spreading
from her belly outwards in all directions.  She took that opportunity
to pull even tighter on the scarf running through her crotch, marveling
at how it tightened the scarves around her breasts, and the sensations
that provided.  It wouldn’t take long with this combination of sensations
until she came.  Just keep tugging on the crotch scarf and rocking
(as best she could) on the vibrators and she’d come in a few moments..

Sam, watching fascinated from the side of the bed, waited and tried
to time her next step just right.  When Jenni started grunting rhythmically
into her gag and rocking slight, Sam reached out and turned off the butterfly
and egg.

‘NNNNNNUUUUUUHHHHHHH” was all that Sam could understand from her friend’s
cry, but knew that she was shouting NNNNNOOOOOOOOOO.  She continued
to grind and tug on the crotch scarf, but it was no use.  Without
the added stimulation of the vibrators there was no way she’d get off. 
Slowly, the grunting quieted and the struggles slowed, while Sam stroked
her friend lightly.

“Isn’t that just awful Jenni?”  Jenni grunted her disapproval at
this question followed by a mumbling that Sam didn’t have to hear clearly
to understand what it meant. “Remember, the best part of bondage is realizing
that I’m in complete control.  Do you understand that now, dear?”

Jenni nodded and “Uh-huh-ed” from behind the gag, and it became deathly
quiet.  “I’m just gonna let that thought sink in for a couple of minutes
while I go get another glass of wine.  I’ll be right back…Oh where
are my manners?  Jenni would you like a glass?”

And that’s how Jenni became initiated into the wonderful world of scarf
bondage.  Over the next hour or so, Sam drove Jenni to the brink of
orgasm three more times before finally letting her come.  It was only
then that Jenni truly understood the fact that she was under Sam’s control.
Sam could’ve kept her like that all night if she wanted, but she didn’t. 
She could’ve done terrible things to her, but she didn’t.  She could’ve
just left her alone, but she didn’t.

Instead, Sam had made love to Jenni in a way she could never have understood
before.  And, for as mad as Jenni was at the beginning, when her friend
had gagged her and shoved the vibrator inside her and tied her so tightly
she could hardly move, now she was grateful.

As Sam untied Jenni, massaging her muscles back to life, Jenni collapsed
on the bed limb by limb as each was freed.  Finally she was sprawled
out across the bed on her face as Sam removed the blindfold and gag, the
last thing to come off.  Sam pulled the covers back on the bed and
tucked her exhausted friend under the silk sheets, stripped and crawled
in next to her.  And As Jenni drifted off to sleep, Sam told her “If
you liked that wait until tomorrow.  You get to tie me up, if you
want…” That was the last thing Jenni heard that night.  She slept
until noon the next day, when Sam made them both breakfast and talked about
the next day’s activities.

This could be the second beginning of a beautiful friendship. 
And that’s how it started.

CLICK!!

“Aaaaahhhhh” Jenni yelled, but all that came out was NNNGGGGGRRRRHHHHHH! 
The Sweet-Gwen style hood made from bright blue silk  and the large
foam ball crammed in her mouth made sure of that.  She could see her
predicament in the mirror before her, and knew that the worst (or best)
was yet to come.

God, I’m gonna get Sam for this one!

CLICK!!

[Chapter 2 “Jenni tries to return the
favor”](jenni_sam02.html)_

_kurtman73@netscape.net_

_05.11.05_

_story continues in [**Jenni and Sam, favor returned**](jenni_sam02.html)

o0o
