---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/ensigns_fantasies19.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: An Ensign's Fantasies 19
authors:
- Cindy
tags:
- MF+
- proposal
- wedding
- lessons
- dance
- rom
- nosex
- vr
- fantasy
- short
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**An Ensign's Fantasies 18**](ensigns_fantasies18.html))_

_**Part 19**_

_The following narrative is that of a retired Starfleet commander. Though many of the narrated details did actually occur all names are fictitious and locales and dates are changed to prevent individual identification.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------_

_Janet and Joe lived together while both worked at the same company. Janet had to train for her security position. Firearms training was relatively easy. However martial arts was another matter. Despite numerous bruises she actually enjoyed it. For her own personal experience she went into flight training to be able to fly a glider on her own._

_After a few months Joe convinced Janet to marry him. They agreed on a quiet wedding they could manage over a weekend. That was a workday morning and she was bursting to tell someone. She went by Steve’s office where Steve congratulated her and they hugged. Just as she reached her station she heard the PA system broadcast the news throughout the company. She heard a good deal of applause for the announcement. In a few minutes she heard someone running. One of her fellow security officers, Maggie, was running too fast to make the turn from the corridor into the office. She careened into the doorway and turned toward Janet, still running. She ended up wrapping her arms around Janet and carried her halfway across the room._

_“That’s wonderful. I love it! Please. Please. Can I be a bridesmaid?”_

_“Maggie. We’re only planning on a quick wedding. Just some weekend when we can get away.”_

_“But you told Steve. Steve always wants to do everything up grand. She won’t let you get away with going away for a weekend. She’s probably already started spreadsheets for your wedding.”_

_Maggie was correct. Janet learned that Steve never cared for anything small or simple. Steve organized a shopping trip for a wedding gown. There was no chance Janet could be married in a simple dress. Fortunately Janet was allowed a wide latitude of selection. Gowns had to be secured for twelve bridesmaids. Steve had started a list of bridesmaids for Janet’s approval. Maggie was included! Janet found it hard to believe that she was so popular that there were almost 30 requests to serve as bridesmaids._

_There were twelve groomsmen. Steve managed to find the choreographer who taught Janet and he accepted training the bride and groom and bridesmaids and groomsmen to dance. They were trained in separate dances that were combined for the reception to everyone’s surprise. George and Harry combined to be the best man. Janet and Joe made a special trip back to the city to ask Naz Santoro to stand in as the father of the bride. Steve was the matron of honor._

_The wedding had to be held outside to accommodate all the guests. Fortunately the weather was perfect so the bride was able to arrive in a white open coach drawn by a team of white horses. Just after the wedding, Joe handed Janet a paper to read while Steve called everyone’s attention to the horizon. Janet read “owner, Janet Sweeney” (a name she thought sounded familiar) “non-powered aircraft”. Of course it all came together as she watched a glider fly over with a rocking of its wings. Turning in amazement to Joe, he suggested she close her mouth. “Yes dear, it’s your plane. Your flight instructor and your classes are all arranged. You’ll have to call to arrange flight times after we get back from the cruise. We can start out a little early for our plane so you can check out your glider.”_

_That was the end of my experience related to Janet. I found out there had been a subject, represented by “Janet”, who had been suffering from severe depression. The VR sessions I had reviewed had been successfully used in an edited format, to help relieve her depression. I was sorry it was over, not simply for missing my voyeur experiences, but like a good book, I was somewhat sorry it was finished._

_As for my voyeur experiences, I was to find such recordings would become a major part of my life. The evening I finished the last of the Janet VRs, Ensign Brightlove brought me a VR pellet and a helmet which she advised I could experience in the privacy of my quarters without any need for the holodeck. Rather than try to narrate that, I will try to present it as I experienced it, in my next chapter._

_](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=40.0)_

_17.05.16_

_story continues in [**An Ensign's Fantasies 20**](ensigns_fantasies20.html)

o0o
