---
original_url: https://www.devouredstories.net/storiesek/heather.html
subcategory: Halloween Specials
title: Heather
authors:
- Anon
tags:
- M/f
- snake/f
- swallow
- eaten
- digested
- public
- cons
- X
date: 2007-11-12 00:00:00
---

In many ways this was the most interesting execution of all. It was
scheduled for four o'clock and was to be the last one for the day.
Heather had a cell which was isolated from the others so she didn't know
whether they had been come for or not. Heather was as confused as Susan
was as to why she was here. She just knew that one day she and her
husband had been arrested and taken to jail. She hadn't participated in
her trial, in fact she wasn't even aware a trial had taken place until she
had been informed of the results. Which were that she and her husband
were guilty and had both been sentenced to death. Her husband had been
given a lethal injection, she was told and was already dead. After that,
she didn't hear the rest of her sentence; she felt already dead herself.

She had on the standard robe and nothing else. Heather was probably
the best looking woman of the three. She had strawberry blond hair,
beautiful green eyes, and was about five foot eight inches tall with just
about a perfect figure. Her breasts were large and stood out like a
goddess's. Personally she kind of wished she didn't have breasts as large
as hers were, but she knew men liked them and they had yet to sag at all.
She was wasp-waisted and flared out from there to hips that were frankly
feminine. Her ass was firm and just begged to be squeezed. She paced her
cell in a desultory daze, unable to think, unable to rest.

At four o'clock the chief executioner himself came to her cell.
Heather expected to be taken to the arena. Instead the burly man unpacked
a kit of small implements. He approached the girl and assured her that he
was not there to hurt her. If she would cooperate, it would not be
painful, her death, even if it was bizarre. Heather thought about asking
about her sentence, but her apathy was almost total. The man removed her
robe and gently forced the girl to lay spread out on the bench. He shaved
her pussy gently but thoroughly. She had never had her cunt shaved before
and watched the effect with amazement. Her husband had asked her to do
that once, but she had refused, scandalized. Now she wish she had done
it, had done anything and everything he had wanted. She had been afraid
the neighbors would find out somehow and turn them in to the SS. What
irony!

The dark-haired man stroked her newly bald vaginal lips, satisfied
with the job. He then removed all the hair from her head so that she was
bald as well, using a cool gel that tingled, after cropping her hair. The
only hair she had left was the fair short hairs on her arms and legs.
After washing her off he stood her up and began covering her with a
mixture of vaseline and some other agents. He inserted a special salve
into her cunt, as far as he could reach with his hand. Heather gasped at
the intimate pain. He explained that this would guarantee her pleasure
during her execution. He then deftly flipped her over and forcibly
entered her ass with two fingers, smearing the inside of the canal with
some gel. After he was done smearing her entire body, he gave her a
drink. "In the drink," he explained, "are drugs which will heighten the
sensations you will feel and a drug which will just about paralyze your
voluntary muscles. You won't be able to escape, but don't worry, you
won't feel any pain at all. It will feel strange but pleasurable. Then
you won't feel anything at all, in the end. Please believe me; I wouldn't
lie to you."

The girl looked up at the man, startled. He actually sounded sorry
and anxious about her. A cold knot of fear spasmed her abdomen and tears
leaked down her face. "What's going to happen to me out there?" she
stammered. The man paled and said "If you don't remember what they said
your sentence is, it's better. You're going to die, but there will be no
pain. Accept it." Knowing he could force her if she refused, she took
the glass he was still holding out to her and drank the liquid. It burned
somewhat on the way down. Almost immediately Heather noticed the aroma of
the gel coating her body. Then she heard some faint conversation from
down the corridor. They exited the cell and he led her, nude, down the
stairs to the arena. The girl concentrated on the textures of the various
surfaces under her bare feet. She had never felt anything like this.
Suddenly a vast wave of sound beat upon her and she staggered. The man
supported her and led her on into the arena, where the noises of the crowd
seemed like a vast ocean roar. The late afternoon sun was so dazzling she
blinked like an owl caught in a spotlight.

Heather had never attended any executions before so this was all new
to her. Once she saw the crowd, she was amazed. She had not expected
such a large turn-out, it appeared to be standing room only, which it
probably was. The executioner led her out to the center of the arena and
motioned for her to turn around so that everyone could get a good look at
her. While doing so, she realized that the drink was beginning to take
effect. Her skin was becoming quite warm and tingly and she felt herself
losing control of her muscles. After her display Heather was held gently
in place by the executioner. All went relatively quiet and Heather
wondered what was happening. Then she heard a rumble to her right and she
slowly turned her head to see, fighting against her loss of muscle
control. A large platform was being wheeled into the arena. On it, was a
structure of some sort, draped in black cloth. It advanced slowly, pushed
by attendants, until it reached the center of the old playing field. TV
monitors were placed around it to cover all angles and lights were
focused. A mobile three-step staircase was positioned at one end, the end
nearest the two humans standing there.

When the technicians were satisfied with the arrangement, the cloth
was slowly removed. The crowd stared, stultified at first. Several
fainted. Then the announcer was explaining over the broadcast system that
this was the first use of this implement of execution. He explained to
the crowd what was going to happen, but Heather was staring befuddled and
appeared not to hear.

The cage upon the platform was glass, or a clear plastic. There were
two compartments actually, separated by a grill of clear material. One,
the one nearest Heather, was empty, and had a doorway facing the stairs
up. The other appeared to be empty also, at first, except for a
multicolored rug. It was a larger compartment. The announcer detailed
the great accomplishments of the state's genetic engineering programs; the
large beef cattle, the improved poultry. This, he announced, was the
first success with the reptile species. The rug stirred and slowly
uncoiled itself. It was a python, the announcer explained, that had been
altered genetically. Not only was it huge, but it's outer surface was
transparent. The crowd could see internal organs pulsating and rippling,
as the snake unwound. It appeared to be all stomach cavity, with pink
tendrils lining the internal cavern. A stripe of opaque color ran the
length of its body from between the eyes to the end of the torso. The
eyes gleamed black and the tongue was a brilliant red, flicking in and
out. After the stomach cavity, the internal organs were a somber black.
The snake began to restlessly test the limits of its captivity, expanding
its thirty-five foot length. Several more people fainted.

The pale man tightened his grip on the girl's arm and led her towards
the stairs. "Remember, there will be no pain. The snake will use an
anesthetic on you. First you will feel intense pleasure; then it will be
like falling asleep. I'm sorry." The girl tried to smile reassuringly at
him, but failed miserably. She was carried up the stairs and placed in
the smaller chamber, while the announcer droned on about the necessity of
purging the community of criminals. The technicians cleared away.
Somewhere, someone pushed a button and the grill between the two
compartments began to sink into the floor of the platform. The girl, no
longer able to stand, was viewable on the monitors as a mass of pale flesh
in the far corner of the smaller chamber.

Within seconds the python started to move, his extraordinarily long,
forked tongue flicking out and sampling the air. The attractant that was
one component of the gel coating the girl was effective. He rapidly
located his prey and started to move toward her. Once he was a few feet
from her he stopped and seemed to just look at her for awhile. Then he
shot out his tongue and wrapped it around her legs and began to pull her
toward him. The tongue was smooth and not slimy at all, to Heather's
surprise . It felt cool on her over-heated skin. One end of the fork,
either deliberately or by chance landed directly on her pussy. It started
to insinuate itself between the folds of her cunt and then to gradually
penetrate her vagina, seeking the source of the special unguent used in
the girl's cunt.

Heather was both frightened and surprisingly eroticized
by what was happening. She could feel herself being dragged across the
floor toward the python's mouth, which terrified her. At the same time
the part of the tongue in her vagina, which was by now worming around
quite vigorously, was exciting and she felt her pussy juices begin to flow
in copious amounts. Within a minute she had a powerful orgasm which, due
to the paralyzing drug, was only externally detectable by her increased
rate of breathing. But, internally she was on fire. Slowly, but surely,
she was drawn closer and closer to the python's mouth. He seemed to be in
no hurry to consummate their relationship. Finally, after what felt like
ages, but was really only about ten minutes, her feet reached what passed
for lips.

During this time, his tongue had continued its exploration of
her insides. The very tip of it had even penetrated her womb which, to
her amazement, was nearly as sensitive as the rest of her. As it twisted
around in there, another orgasm ensued. Then, she felt the other fork
beginning an ingress of her ass. It slipped in very easily and gradually
propelled its way deeper and deeper into her bowels. As the python's
tongue continued its maneuvers Heather felt she would die of pleasure long
before she was eaten. She thought, "If it feels this good on the outside,
I wonder what the inside is going to feel like." And, if the truth had
been known, she began looking forward to finding out.

Heather's feet were pulled into the entrance of the python's mouth.
As the tongue pulled her, she felt her legs slipping effortlessly inside.
To her wonderment, the python's mouth was warm and soft. To get her
further inside, the tongue withdrew itself from inside of her. She nearly
cried when that happened, but before she could respond at all, the tongue
had wrapped itself around her torso and continued the slow, inexorable
drawing of her body to its doom. When her waist had passed the entrance
to the mouth, the python's tongue released its hold as the mouth closed
around her. Her legs were already in the python's throat and the inside
of the python seemed to be sucking at her. She would move out a bit, then
in, each time a bit deeper.

Ultimately she had been drawn in to her neck
and there the snake stopped for a second. He seemed to take a deep breath
and with another effort, sucked her in completely. Heather saw the mouth
close and realized she was entirely inside. She felt the insides of the
python tugging at her and she rapidly slid past the throat and into the
stomach. It was warm and wet and when the stomach began a rhythmic
rolling up and down her body, coating it with a mucous-like material, her
sensitized skin responded and she felt herself getting turned-on again.
To her astonishment, she did not have any trouble breathing. After a
short stay in the stomach, Heather continued to be drawn further into the
python. By now, the crowd could see on the close up monitors a cylinder
of flesh within a cylinder of flesh. The girl's bald head glistened with
gel and mucous. One of her arms was raised over her head and her breasts
were clearly visible. Her lower body was slowly being drawn further into
the digestive system. The sensations of warmth and tingling and rippling
musculature was intensifying and the girl reached orgasm over and over
again as the drugs liberated her mind from reality. Her last coherent
thought was that she was entirely made up of nerve endings, reaching
outward into infinity.

Her feet slid into the entrance to the intestine and it began a kind
of massaging movement which felt both extremely erotic and continued to
draw her into the intestine. After her waist passed the entrance, she
felt a couple penis-like extensions nudge at her cunt and anus. As she
slid in further, so did the appendages. One slithered past her pussy lips
and into her vagina and slowly penetrated it completely. It didn't stop
upon encountering her cervix, but pushed on into her womb. None of this
hurt, in fact, Heather throbbed with sexual delight and had another couple
of orgasms. The probe at her asshole also wormed its way in and she felt
it travel through her bowels and on into her lower intestine, it seemed as
if it would never stop. Once she was completely in the intestine, her
movement stopped. The massaging continued and digestive fluid was applied
to the interior of her body, but she no longer moved further into the
python. A third probe insinuated itself into her mouth. As it thrust
itself at her lips she found herself willingly allowing entrance. It slid
past her tongue and into her throat, where it halted. Heather felt it
ejecting some liquid which ran down her throat and into her stomach. The
digestion had begun.

After Heather had been entirely swallowed, the audience was invited
to come down into the arena for a closer look. Some, afraid of snakes
stayed where they were, but most accepted the invitation and in a short
time quite a crowd had gathered around the python. Because of the
python's translucence, they could follow events pretty well. They saw her
progress through the stomach and partially into the intestine. They saw
her stopped and the ones who were able to continue watching saw her
gradually shrink as she was being digested. The covering of gel seemed to
glow over her flesh. Most watched and when questioned said they had never
seen anything quite so fascinating.

Back inside the python Heather's ordeal continued. Although she
could not feel it, the probes in her womb and intestine were also
ejaculating digestive fluid. She was gradually dissolving, both from the
juices applied by the intestinal walls and by the liquid injected into her
insides. She could tell it was happening, but she had accepted her fate
and was as much a participant as victim at this stage. Surprisingly
enough, even as her abdomen disintegrated, she experienced another, strong
orgasm from the movements within her.

As more fluid was pumped down her
throat, she found herself readily swallowing it and even sucking on the
penis-like appendage. She had lost sight by this time and didn't remember
breathing for a long time. She felt her eardrums giving way and shortly
thereafter, she thought she felt liquid seeping into her skull. She was
right, there was very little left of her body and the time had come for
the denouement. The fluid, which was ravishing her brain, had a side
effect of stimulating her pleasure center and although there wasn't enough
left of her to have a physical orgasm, she couldn't tell. She felt
sensations she had never felt before and experienced the best orgasm of
her life. She felt less and less connected to the universe and then she
was dead.

Most of the spectators left right after Heather's death, but some
stayed around until she had been completely liquified. Then they too
left. The python was returned to its enclosure and the arena was cleaned
up in preparation for the next day's executions. There was no need to
remove Heather as there was nothing left to remove, not even bones.
