---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Kidnapping Rachel
authors:
- Cory
tags:
- M-f
- kidnap
- bond
- susp
- bdsm
- oral
- sex
- toys
- reluct-nc
- X
date: 2009-02-05 00:00:00
---

I had been watching my prey
for some time. Her routine was straightforward. She finished work at the end of
the week and went for drinks with her colleagues. It would get to about 7 and
she would adjourn to her car and drive to the out of town supermarket. Her
evening shopping would take about and hour and she would load the car and drive
home. It was at the supermarket that I planned to take her. The car park was
large and badly lit and of course it was Friday night and most people were in
the pub. It would be quiet and everyone else would be preoccupied with their
shopping.

I waited for her in the car
park and was pleased when she arrived right on time. The evening rush had
finished and the car park was emptying. I waited while she completed her
shopping and went to load her car. She reached down to put the last bag into
the boot and stood up to close the lid. I had closed in while she was loading
the car and as she stood up I pulled the hood over her head. She was
momentarily stunned and I bent her forwards into the boot, pulled her arms
behind her back and quickly pulled the zip tie tight around her wrists.

She had
regained her wits enough now to start to struggle and was struggling viciously
with everything she had. I bundled her legs into the boot and a further zip tie
secured them down. She was becoming more frantic and I knew this was because
her air was running out. I unfastened the hood and lifted it off her lower
face. She opened her mouth and drew in a huge breath at which point I stuck the
gag into her mouth. I fastened it behind her head and pulled the hood back
down. I didn’t fasten the laces tightly around her neck, just enough to stop it
pulling off. She would get enough air for the short journey and I could sort
her out more completely when I got her to the destination.

One final zip tie
pulled her ankles up to her wrists and placed her into a
hogtie and she was done. The whole thing had taken less than 2 minutes.
There had been no screaming and no one around seemed to have noticed. I closed
the boot and took her keys from her bag. My car was parked outside my flat and
I had walked here with the intention of driving her car away. I climbed into
the driving seat and set off.

It was only a short ride to
my intended location. I had rented a house in the country which was perfect for
my needs. It was fairly small but in extensive grounds. It also benefited from a
fair sized cellar, which was at least the size of the ground floor if not
larger. It could be accessed through the house, but also from the outside via a
small hatchway. I had spent a couple of weeks refitting the entire house to
meet my needs. Everything above ground was fairly discrete, but downstairs in
the cellar everything was obvious. I had purchased or built all the equipment I
would need and included plenty of restraints and other toys which I planned to
use over the next few days. The grounds themselves were mostly lightly wooded.
There was a large 8 foot fence around the entire complex which was accessed
through the main gate. I was the only one with access to this gate and although
it would be perfectly possible to climb either the fence or the gate from the
inside, I decided the place was perfect for her incarceration.

I pulled the car into the
driveway and closed the gates behind the car. A privacy screen was also pulled
in place across the drive which meant that only a very small portion of the
grounds was visible from outside and there was pretty much no where from
outside that the house could be observed from. I opened the boot of the car and
carefully lifted my captive onto her feet. I needed her to walk so bent down to
cut the tie around her ankles. It would also be easier to move her around if
she could see so I unloosed the hood. Before I lifted it off her head, I explained
that she was stuck inside the grounds and would be unable to get outside
without help.

Nevertheless, I removed the hood and turned my back to close and
lock the car. No sooner had I done this than she took off. I turned at the
noise and had a quiet chuckle to myself. This was going to be fun, she
definitely had spirit and it would be wonderful when I finally had her
completely under my control. She had run across the driveway and round one side
of the house. Her hands were still stuck behind her and she was still gagged
but she was making a courageous effort to get away. I set off after her and as
I could hear her crashing through the woods it was fairly easy to establish
where she was going. The fence was about a mile distant in all directions and
so would take her about 10-15 minutes to run there, although in her current
condition and through this terrain that might take longer.

I let her go as in reality I
wanted her to find the fence and realize she was stuck, at least for the time
being. I continued my pace in her direction figuring that she would be
somewhere near the edge of the grounds. I stopped to listen and realized I
could not hear her moving. Either she had figured out she was making too much
noise or she had reached the fence and stopped. It was getting dark and I knew
it would be better if I got this over with. I started to run forward knowing
she would also now be able to hear me coming. I burst out of the woods into the
small clearing that ran all the way around the fence. I quickly looked right
and left and spotted her about a hundred yards off to my left. I chuckled again
that she had emerged from the wood and sprinted towards her. I heard her try to
scream and again she took off only this time around the perimeter of the fence.

Her partially restrained
state and my longer legs meant I closed the gap fairly quickly and tackled her
to the floor. She squirmed and struggled, kicking her legs and trying to fight
with her arms. I sat on her back and leaned down to whisper into her ear.

“I am very cross with you for
taking off. You will of course now have to be punished. That can wait until I
get you back to the house though.”

I removed the pack I had
slung onto my shoulders before I had set off after her and removed several
items from it. A thick leather collar, wrist and ankle restraints, several
short lengths of chain, some padlocks, some thick rope and finally a large
hunting knife. This last object I placed directly in front of her face so she
could see it. I moved my weight around and locked the ankle restraints on her
legs and attached them together with a short chain. I did the same with her
wrists, but left the zip tie on for now. I placed the collar around her neck
and locked it with a small padlock. I now got off her and stood her up. I led
her towards a tree and tied a rope to her collar. This rope was thrown over a
branch and I pulled until she was standing on her tip toes. I was could see the
fear in her eyes as I explained what was to come next.

“I think it would be best if
you were naked now. It is much more difficult to negotiate the local terrain
without clothes don’t you think?”

I tied 2 ropes to her wrist
restraints and after cutting the zip tie hauled on them until she was tied
spread between 2 trees. I could see the collar putting more strain on her neck
so untied that rope and let her down. More rope to each ankle and these were
pulled as far apart as the chain would allow. She was now standing in front of
me, spread-eagled between 2 trees, collared and gagged and I had never wanted
her more. I knew I needed to finish this before it got completely dark so I
took the knife and quickly cut down the front of her t-shirt and trousers. I
took a firm hold and ripped these items from her body. She seemed shocked by
the violence of this action and shrank away as far as her bonds would allow. I
cut the straps to her bra and took this off allowing her breasts to swing free.
Her panties came next and in a short time she stood naked before me. I couldn’t
resist running my hands over her body. I cupped her breasts and took note that
her nipples had hardened since her bra was removed. I reached between her legs
to gently stroked her only to find she was already
incredibly wet.

“Looks like you are enjoying
this already. Don’t worry pet, there is plenty more to come.”

Her entire body flushed red
as it betrayed her true feelings and she shook her head that she was not
enjoying this at all.

“I think your pussy would
disagree with you.” I said as I took a final stroke and wiped that on her top
lip so she would have no option but to smell her own arousal.

I now strapped a wide leather
belt around her waist and lowered each wrist in turn and locked it to the belt.
I untied her ankles and tied a rope to the ring at the front of her collar. I quickly
cleared up the rest of the rope and her clothes, stuffing those into my bag,
before I set off back towards the house. The lead line was about 8 feet long
and she was jerked forwards when it tightened. She moved as quickly as she
could with her ankles still tied but made adequate progress through the wood.
It took about 20 minutes to get back to the house and by this time it was completely
dark. This suited me as she had probably not taken much notice of her
surroundings earlier. I led her in through the back door and stopped at the
door to the cellar. It needed unlocking so I took the key from its hook
opposite the door, opened it and led her through, down a fairly steep set of
steps and into my lair.

I had made sure this place
was well insulated both for noise and heating purposes. I pulled my captive
into the middle of the room and removed her collar. I knew she didn’t like to
wear it but it had served a purpose and she could now be somewhat unfettered. I
pushed her towards a metal contraption in the centre of the room. This was made
from steel tubing and I encouraged her to sit. Her legs where then strapped to
the lower supports and straps were placed around her waist and pulled tight. A
further strap around the top of each thigh ensured she would be unable to move
her hips and thus free herself from the coming ordeal. I freed each arm in turn
and lifted them above her head and strapped them in. Three straps for each arm
ensured she was thoroughly secured. I crouched under her chair and lifted the device
I planned to use into place. I small plug was lubricated and I gently inserted
this into her ass, while a much larger plug went into her now dripping pussy.
The base of both of these connected onto a rubber device shaped to mould itself
to a person and was covered with tiny rubber nubs. These would vibrate against
the victim incessantly causing them untold sensation. I positioned the final
vibrator over her clitoris, making sure that the prongs where properly settled
and would not shake loose. I then attached a set of nipple clamps with a silver
chain between to her nipples. I leant forward and kissed her on the head before
turning around and climbing the stairs out of the dungeon.

Her torment had just started,
but I wanted to give her some time to think about what was to come. I retrieved
my bag and went to the car to get her handbag and purse and to make sure her
phone was turned off. I doubted anyone would be looking for her before Monday,
but if people were ringing and it was going straight to voicemail they would
just think she was out of reception, at least for the short term. I got her
purse, turned the heating in the cellar up to full and headed back down to see
my captive.

She had only been alone for a
few minutes but I could see things were beginning to sink in. She had obviously
been struggling and I was relieved to see that she had neither managed to
loosen any bonds or to dislodge any of the vibrators that I was going to use on
her later. I took her driving license from her purse in front of her and read
from the front.

“So Rachel, this is what is
going to happen. You need to be punished for your little escape attempt earlier
and this is how it is going to be. The vibrators in your pussy and ass will be
turned on to a random setting. This is a fairly sophisticated piece of kit that
will monitor heart rate and muscle contractions to ensure you do not get off
too easily. I can assure you however, that you will get off, several times. In
fact, I am fairly certain that by tomorrow you will be suitably contrite
regarding your actions earlier. I am not entirely heartless however, so I will
remove the gag on the condition you do not speak unless I ask you a question.
Nod if you agree.”

Rachel nodded quickly so I
stepped forwards and unstrapped the gag and removed
it from her mouth. It had been in place for a couple of hours and she worked
her stiff jaw to lessen the ache.

“Would you like some water?”
I asked and again she nodded.

I retrieved the glass and
held it to her lips. She drank the entire glass and I offered her another. She
said yes and we repeated the process.

“I have to leave you now. It
is getting late and we have a long day ahead of us tomorrow. I hope you are
comfortable.”

With these words I flicked
the vibrators on, hit record on the camera that would allow me to observe the
proceedings and left the room. I went upstairs and got myself a drink, settled
in a comfortable chair and switched on the tv to watch the feed from the cellar. I had
deliberately left the lights on as I didn’t really want her to get much rest
this evening. I could tell that the increased temperature was beginning to take
effect as there was a think sheen of sweat covering her entire body. I could
hear a faint vibration coming from her crotch and knew it was beginning. She
was starting to squirm and to buck her hips presumably in time to the
stimulation. Each movement caused the small weight I had placed on the nipple
chain to swing a little but it was all adding to her torment. She screwed her
eyes shut and her mouth was open as she panted to get more air. I could tell
she was getting nearer her orgasm when she opened her eyes and let out a small
scream. I chuckled as the vibration had stopped, guessing she was right on the
edge but without enough stimulation to get over.

I refilled my glass and
waited for the games to begin again. It took about 10 minutes before the
machine reckoned she was calm enough for it to start the stimulation again.
This time she was bucking her hips and panting practically straight away and
she desperately tried to get enough to orgasm, but again she would be denied.
The frustration on her face was glorious and I wondered how she would feel
later when the stimulation changed. Again the vibration kicked in and this time
I thought she was going to make it over the edge. Her body was streaming with
sweat and it was running off her face, down her body and into her crotch. She
looked delicious right at that moment. Tightly restrained, plugged, clamped and
writhing with delicious agony.

She opened her mouth to scream and again it was
one of frustration as she was again denied the orgasm. I felt a pang of sorrow
for her at that point, knowing she would be desperate to get off. This time the
machine stopped for only about 60 seconds, just enough time for her to catch
her breath before it kicked in and on a higher setting that all the previous
ones. It seemed about right as she had been denied orgasm for about 90 minutes
by this time. I could hear the vibration clearly coming through the mic and her scream was almost feral as she finally was
brought over the edge. Her entire body tensed and she screwed her feet and
hands up tightly and she continued to scream until it seemed she would have no
breath to scream with. It seemed to go on for an age, but in reality it was
only about 60 seconds but when she was done she slumped as much as the bonds
would allow.

I, however, knew what was to
come now. The vibration had not stopped but during the time of her orgasm had
reduced itself to a lower setting. It now kicked back up albeit not to as high
as setting as before. I could see the muscles of her abdomen contracting and
relaxing in turn as the vibration was transmitted throughout her entire body. I
knew this torment would be worse than not being allowed to come at all and sure
enough within the next few minutes, she was brought to another screaming
climax. This treatment continued for about the same amount of time as the
previous one had, during which time she multiple orgasms.

I watched
continuously, fascinated by her moans and screams and by the seemingly tireless
way in which she fought at the moment of climax. It was approaching the 90
minute mark again by which point she had of course, been tormented for nearly 3
hours. Her skin was soaked with sweat and it had run down her into little pools
under her chair. She was coming almost continuously now and her body was
shaking all the time. Tears had run down her cheeks and I could see saliva
escaping from the corners of her mouth. I knew she was due for a break, but as
I was not controlling the machine I did not know how long this would be. I
decided it was time for me to go to bed, even though I could have stayed up and
watched her all night. I flicked 2 switches outside the cellar door. The first
one turned out the lights and the second turned the camera onto the night
vision mode. An eerie green glow bathed Rachel strapped into the chair, but at
least now the glare of the lights was taken away and she might be able to get
some rest. I checked the tv one more time and realized the vibration had stopped. Her head was slumped on
her chest and she was breathing deeply. I assumed she had passed out almost as
soon as the lights had gone off and the vibrations had stopped.

I went to bed sure in the
knowledge that my captive would be fine until the morning. I was certain she
would not have as comfortable a night as I would, but then she was not here to
be comfortable. I knew she would need some rest too tomorrow, but for now, I
needed to get to bed.

I slept for a solid 9 hours
and woke feeling refreshed. I stretched and threw off the duvet. I needed a
coffee and a shower, but also needed to check on my guest. I wandered into the
kitchen and flicked the kettle on, then went to see how Rachel was doing. I hit
the switch to kill the vibrators and to turn the light on and checked the tv to see how she was doing. Her
head was resting on her chest and there was a line of drool running down from
her mouth, down between her breasts and pooling on the floor between her feet.
She looked exhausted. There were shadows under her eyes and I guessed she
hadn’t really slept all that much if at all. She was drenched in sweat and I
had left the heating on full all night. I knew she would need moving and that
she would be in no fit state to provide any resistance. I killed the heating
and switched on the air conditioning in the cellar. I knew that would take a
few minutes to have an impact on the temperature, so I made myself a coffee and
drank it in front of the tv.
She was beginning to rouse herself and she must have worked out something was
happening. I finished my coffee and decided to go and once again greet my
captive.

I had not bothered to dress
after waking and she seemed somehow more intimidated by my lack of concern at
my nakedness. I gently lifted her chin and looked into her eyes.

“I am sure you could use a
shower and some time to rest so if you tell me you will behave I will make you
comfortable and give you time to clean yourself up. If not, we can still do it
the hard way, but I know you will not like that quite as much. Last night was
your punishment for running but it was still fairly mild compared to what I can
manage down here.”

She nodded her agreement and
croaked that she would behave. I unstrapped her left
arm and told her to finish freeing herself. There was a shower in the corner of
the room and I told her to take her time showering and then to put on the items
in the box I took from a shelf.

“When you are done, kneel at
the bottom of the steps and don’t move. I will be down for you shortly.”

She nodded again and I left
her to it. I knew she would want to inspect the room but was happy to leave her
to it. There were no windows in the basement and I had locked the door at the
top on my way out. The only option for her was to do as I had instructed. I
made sure the camera was still on and went to review the tape from the previous
night. I could see she had managed to free herself and was surveying the room.
She found the shower and the toiletries I had left for her as well as the large
bath towels on the rack by the shower stall. She turned on the water and
adjusted the temperature before getting in standing in the water.

While I had one eye on the
feed from the cellar, I was also reviewing the tape from the previous night. I
started after I had turned out the lights and left. The vibrators had continued
to torment her for another 3 hours, causing her to orgasm again and again. She
had screamed and screamed for them to stop but they had been relentless in the
torment of her pussy. I could only imagine what her crotch must feel like about
now, but I knew she would recover fairly quickly. Certainly the shower would
help. I was fast forwarding through the recording as I would have plenty of
time later to peruse the tape at length but for now I just wanted the
highlights. I stopped it randomly to play for a couple of minutes and could see
she had basically been tormented with countless orgasms for the entire night.
The program seemed to last about 90 minutes and would give her a brief respite
in between. This meant she had suffered at least another 6 cycles of
stimulation. I was a little surprised to see that she was still coming and
coming in the minutes before I turned off the machine and brought the lights back
on. I had seen her catch a few minutes of exhausted sleep at periods where the
vibration was either low or off, but I knew she would be incredibly fatigued
from her ordeal. I saved the digital video onto my computer and checked the
feed from the cellar. She had finished her shower and was wrapped in a towel
checking out the other equipment in my dungeon. I could leave her to it for a
while longer and make her some breakfast.

This only took a few minutes
and I went back to the video feed to watch her open the box I had left for her.
There were not many items in there, but I knew she would be reluctant to put
them on. She took everything out and put it on the floor. There were 2 sets of
steel restraints, one ankle sized and one for her wrists, a steel collar and a
harness blindfold. I knew she was not keen on being gagged, so had decided to
leave that for now. Of course everything had locking clasps and there were 6
small padlocks and 2 short pieces of chain to finish off the ensemble. I saw
her look apprehensively around the room then back at the items in front of her.
She knew if she locked herself any chance of escape would be lost for now, but
she also had heard the solid door at the top of the steps be locked and she
knew I could keep her down here indefinitely if I wanted.

I could practically feel her
indecision and then watched her take a deep breath and start to get ready. She
pulled her hair out of the way and placed the collar around her neck. She
picked up a small padlock and slipped it through the hasp. I saw her take
another deep breath then push the padlock closed. Once she had completed this
first step, she didn’t seem so hesitant and quickly locked her ankles into the
shackles and had locked a length of chain between them. I smiled as she picked
up the blindfold and place it over her head. She knew she would not be able to
shake it loose and all the straps met in the back with one locking clasp. She
took the blindfold off again and placed the steel around her wrists and locked
the left one in place with the chain dangling from it. 

She replaced the blindfold on her head and
strapped it tightly in place. I knew her world had been plunged into darkness
and could see her fumbling with a padlock to secure the blindfold. I heard a
resounding click and knew she had managed. She was now only left with one
padlock to attach to her right wrist and she would be ready. She suddenly
realized I had instructed her to be at the bottom of the steps and she was
about 10 feet away. She stood up and slowly minced her way across the floor
until she encountered a wall. She moved carefully to the right until she found
the steps. I was impressed she had remembered this, but slightly disappointed I
would not be able to punish her some more for forgetting. He knelt down at the
bottom of the steps and took placed her hands behind her back. I saw her
fumbling behind her and heard the click of that final padlock. I watched her
pull on her wrist cuffs, gently at first then with more force and I was happy
she was restrained. I went down to the dungeon to collect my prisoner.

She flinched as the lock
turned in front of her but she was steady when I walked down the stairs to
stand in front of her. I was still naked and the sight of her restrained by her
own hand had made me incredibly hard. I needed to resist for now and knew she
would be begging me to fuck her before the day was out. I checked her wrists
and was satisfied they were in fact secure before I unlocked her ankle chain
and replaced it with a longer one about 18 inches apart. To the centre of this
I attached a vertical chain which I connected to her collar at the back. Her
hands were then raised slightly and locked to this vertical chain. By raising
her hands a little she would have to hold them there or put pressure on her
throat. I did not want to make things particularly hard for her, but also
wanted to make sure she had something to think about. I attached a leash to her
collar and I gently tugged her forwards and up the stairs.

I led her into the kitchen
and sat her on a high stool. I was going to have to feed her breakfast and
started with the orange juice. Very gently I placed the glass to her lips and
she drank greedily. I knew she would be dehydrated and so refilled the glass
again. She drank that one quickly enough and I asked if she wanted to eat
something. She was fed a bowl of cereal and a couple of slices of toast before
she said she had had enough. I asked if she wanted anything else to drink and
she just asked for water. I knew she would need the bathroom soon and decided
that would be next. I wanted to get the water into her system but knew she had
drunk too much for it all to be absorbed. I stood her up and walked her to the
bottom of the stairs. She was informed there were stairs in front of her and I
led her up. The master bedroom had an en-suite bathroom and so that was where I
took her.

She seemed a little embarrassed at first so I simply locked her
collar to a bracket on the wall and told her to call me when she was done. I
saw her try to stand but she was pulled up short by her collar. It was not long
before I heard a long stream of piss flow into the toilet. She called soon
after and I cleaned her up. She was a little distressed by this but I told her
she was going to get some sleep. I lay her down on her stomach and unlocked her
wrist cuffs from each other but left them on. I asked her to roll over and
locked her ankles to chains at either corner of the bed. They were held apart
but they were not too tight so she would have some comfort. I locked her hands
together and lifted them above her head. I locked them to a chain running from
the head of the bed and locked the end of that chain to her collar. I watched
her squirm a little to try to get comfortable and then I gently pulled a duvet over her. She relaxed a little into the massive bed so I leaned over and kissed
her on the mouth. She was a surprised at first but soon returned the kiss with
equal fervor. I told her to get some sleep and I would be back to check on her
shortly.

I left her to rest knowing
she would be incredibly tired. She had only been with me for one night and I
knew she was going to need this rest if she was to last the rest of the time. I
was not sure just how long to let her rest, but felt that at least a few hours
would probably do her good. The next few hours passed fairly slowly for me. I
did a few chores and settled down with a drink to watch some TV. There was not
really anything worth watching but it was passing the time.

I went back to my room to
check on my prisoner. I stood at the foot of the bed and watched her. She was
snoring quietly and looked very peaceful. I looked at my watch and saw she had
had just over 3 hours. I felt she could probably use a while longer and I
wandered back downstairs to amuse myself some more. Another film later I went
back upstairs to check on her. She was still asleep but was no longer snoring.
It didn’t matter because I had already decided it was time for her to wake. I
lifted the edge of the duvet and ran my hand down her side. She stirred and
tried to move but it didn’t take long for her to realize that she was still
restrained. I threw back the duvet to expose her entire body.

She looked delightful,
restrained as she was and I was struggling to contain my excitement. Again I
ran my hand down her side from her armpit all the way down to just below her
hip. She flinched slightly and I did the same down her other side. She tried to
move away from my hands but I was stroking both sides at the same time and she
had nowhere to go. I was relentless in my torment and she was struggling not to
squeal. I was tickling both her sides together and she was wriggling and
squirming as though she could get away. My hands left her flanks and moved down
to her inner thighs. I stroked gently up from her knees to her groin, over her
mound and up her stomach. She had regained her breath and I knew it was time to
begin again.

I took her left foot and ran
my fingers up the sole. She squealed again and tried to pull her foot away. I
held her ankle tightly, even though the restraints meant she was unable to move
her foot much anyway. I tickled her left foot for about 5 minutes and then
switched to the other one. She was begging me now, almost crying with laughter
and squealing for me to stop tickling her. I tickled her right foot for a while
longer before I got bored with it and wanted to move on to something more fun.
She was breathing heavily and covered with a sheen of
sweat. I bent down and took her nipple in my mouth, sucking hard on it and
pulling it between my teeth. She gasped as my teeth closed but did not cry out.
I moved a hand down to her crotch and could feel her wetness there. She may not
have admitted it, but her body was betraying her again. I nibbled on the other
nipple and that elicited a groan. I still hadn’t gagged her again but for now
did not think she warranted that. My hand was playing with her pussy, stroking
up and down and tickling her clit. Her hips were beginning to rock in time to
my ministrations, but I knew I did not want her to get off too easily. I leaned
down to whisper in her ear.

“If you come, you will have
to be punished. And this time you will definitely not enjoy it.”

She shuddered at these words,
but they only seemed to excite her more. The stroking at her pussy was getting
faster and her breathing was becoming more ragged. I knew she was nearing her
orgasm and wanted to see if she could hold it. I bit down again on her nipple
which caused her to gasp and seemed to cool her fires a little. She obviously
liked me playing with them, but was less keen on the biting. I stopped stroking
her pussy which caused her to moan as though she wanted me to continue
regardless of the consequences. I grabbed a large vibrator from my toybox and placed it against her pussy on high. The vibrations
were transmitted throughout her groin, but I made sure they reached her clit by
placing my finger against both that and the vibrator. She was thrusting her
hips up to try to get a better contact when I took the vibrator away and put my
mouth on her pussy instead. Almost as soon as this happened, she screamed and I
felt her entire body tense up in the throes of orgasm. I had achieved my goal
and she had elicited her own punishment. She had been warned and could expect
something even more devious that before.

I heard her whisper something
and turned to her and asked her what she had said.

“Fuck me” She begged.

“Pardon?” I replied.

“Fuck me” She repeated, this
time more fervently.

“You want to be fucked, after you came without permission
and after I warned you of the consequences if you did?” I enquired.

She nodded her head yes which
made me smile.

“I wanted you to beg to be fucked, but I am not convinced you
really want it.”

“Please,” she repeated “fuck
me now, fuck me hard until you come deep inside me.”

Fair enough, I thought, I am
not one to turn down such a request. But first, I needed to change her
position. She was now getting far too comfortable where she was and would need
to be changed before I was willing to enter her. I unchained her from the bed
and stood her up. She was still blindfolded and now I added a large ring gag.
This was big enough for my cock to fit through and from her reaction I think
she knew it. I locked her hands together behind her back and fitted a 3 foot
spreader bar between her ankles. I attached a rope pulley to her wrists and
hauled them into the air, putting her into the strappado position. The bar between her legs was locked to the floor and her collar was
attached to the centre of this bar.

This assured me she would stay in one place
while I took my pleasure. I stood in front of her, my cock bobbing against her
head and told her she knew what she had to do. She strained to lift her head
but eventually got her gagged mouth over my penis. I had allowed it to go a
little soft to ensure it would easily go into her mouth, but as soon as it did
it enlarge to fill the available space. I could feel her tongue swirling around
the head and she did her best to suck my dick. I took my penis out of her mouth
and pushed an inflatable gag through the ring. A few pumps ensured she would
stay quiet and already a thin line of drool was seeping from around the gag.

I moved behind her and
positioned myself at the entrance to her pussy. She was still soaking wet from
before and I was easily able to enter her from behind. I started with long slow
strokes, taking my cock nearly all the way out before slamming it back in to
the hilt. She was moving against me as much as her bonds would allow and
panting through her nose. I could feel my own orgasm approaching but did not
want this to finish too quickly. I withdrew and moved back around to her head,
deflated the gag and took it out, replacing it with my now damp cock. She would
be able to taste her own juices along with my own and I now fucked her face as
I had her pussy previously. She was taking most of my entire length and again I
could feel myself moving to the brink of orgasm. I was not sure if she knew the
effect she was having, but I was determined to enjoy it. Again I stopped short
and withdrew, once again replacing the pump gag into her mouth.

I retrieved a large dildo
from my toys and went again to her pussy. She was so moist, her juices were
running down the inside of her legs and the dildo slid in easily. I knew she
was approaching her own orgasm as she was now slamming her hips back to meet
each thrust of the dildo. Her breathing was coming fast through her nose and
she was almost over the edge. I removed the dildo and replaced it with my cock
and rammed it as far in as I could get. I felt her pussy tighten and knew she
was about to come. I withdrew nearly all the way and pushed back in again as
far as I could. She was grunting now and my balls were slapping her behind with
each thrust. I was only moments away from coming myself and had sped up the
fucking until we were both on the brink of orgasm. I leaned forward and took a
nipple in each hand and gently pulled on them while I continued to fuck her.
She screamed into the gag as she reached her own peak and it was only moments
later that I tipped over the edge. Her pussy was grasping at my cock as though
to extract every last drop of come from it and she was crying softly from the
intensity of the feeling.

I knew it would not take her
long to recover from the fucking she had just received but did not want to let
her off that easily. The tears had stopped but her chest was still heaving from
the ordeal. I knew the position was not particularly comfortable and that I
would have to let her down at some point fairly soon but that time was not
right this second. I stood in front of her head and removed her gag. A line of
drool escaped her lips as the gag came out and I let it pool on the floor. My
come was running down her legs and had reached the inside of her knees.

I went
back to my toy box and retrieved a pair of screw type nipple clamps. They were
attached by a thin silver chain and had small screws that were used to adjust
the tightness of the clamp. Her nipples were full and engorged and I knew they
would be sensitive. I placed the first clamp on her right nipple and tightened
the screw until I was certain it would not come off. She winced as it was
tightened, but did not say anything which was fortunate for her. The second
clamp went on in a similar way and the chain gently pulled her breasts
together. I took a heavy elastic band and wrapped it over the centre of this
chain. To this I attached a 1lb fishing weight. I did not think this would
cause her too many problems, providing she stayed still. If she moved around,
the band would cause the weight to bounce up and down, pulling on the clamps
and stretching her nipples with them.

I bent down to her head so I
could explain what was going to happen. I showed her the latex whip which I
explained I was going to use all over her body.

“I want you to count each
blow. Each time you forget or delay too much, you will need to start the count
again from zero. I am going to continue until you reach fifty.”

She started to protest until
I told her that if she preferred I could increase the number to 100. She shook
her head and I went to stand behind her. Her position did not allow her to see
what was to come, but I watched as she steeled herself for the first blow. What
she didn’t know was that the whip I had chosen should shock her and would definitely
cause her to jump, but should not cause any real pain. It would turn her skin a
lovely shade of red and she would believe that it was hurting, but I knew from
experience that it would be mild discomfort at worst. Of course, what she
didn’t know was that I could switch to the riding crop if I felt she deserved
it.

I started with her lovely
bottom. It presented such an inviting target that I just couldn’t resist. The
first blow landed across her ass cheek and she flinched as expected. She forgot
to start the count so I helped her on.

“I am prepared to remind you
about this first one. From now on, if you miss one, I am not going to tell you
until I have done 10 more.”

She moaned and I knew she was
not happy about it. She was tough though and I expected her to finish this with
little problems. I was partially hoping she would manage without missing a
single number and part of me wanted her to forget at about 45. I swung again in
exactly the same spot and this time she started the count.

“One.” She said. I continued with her bottom until it was
starting to go pink. This took 15 more swats and I could see she was now
sweating profusely. I knew this was not hurting but would be uncomfortable. Her nipples were also being bounced around a little and I thought
that was probably causing her more discomfort than the whipping. I put the whip
down and used my hand to spank her bottom twice each on each cheek. She counted
the blows quickly which took us up to 20. I thought she would probably like a
break and told her I would be back in a few minutes. I went into the kitchen
where I had got a little surprise in the fridge. I took a large pot of ointment
out and went back to see my prisoner. The cream had been in the fridge since
yesterday and was very cold. It had a little surprise in it however in that it
was a slight irritant and would cause the skin to become more sensitive. It
similar to the stuff physios use on sports people
when they get a mild strain. I took a large dollop and spread it onto her now
very red bottom.

She sighed as the cold spread
throughout her cheeks and I looked to see a small smile on her face. I chuckled
to myself as I waited for the inevitable reaction and sure enough within the
space of a few minutes the smile had gone from her face and she was beginning
to squirm with the heat. It would not be too bad although the whipping would
make her more sensitive to the cream. I picked up the whip again and started on
her flanks. They were stretched because of her position and I knew would be sensitive.
I also picked up a feather which I knew she would just love. The feather was
first and I ran it up her side. She managed to stifle a laugh at first but when
it reached her armpit she had no choice but to let a giggle out. As soon as she
had, I replaced the feather with the whip and gave her a few gentle swats to
the same side. She was too busy laughing at first to remember to count the
first 3 but I said nothing as she caught up with 24. As I had promised her, I
would give her another 10 before I told her she would need to go back to zero.
I ran the feather up the other side in a repeat of the action before and again
she giggled.

The count began again at zero
and this time I felt she had probably had enough. I methodically used the whip
on every part of her exposed body and she resolutely counted with me until we
reached the 50 mark. I was impressed that she had taken quite so much and most
of her exposed skin now had a rosy red glow. I could also see that her nipples
were still being tugged by the clamps and could guess that her shoulders were
probably beginning to get sore from the position I had her in.

I positioned myself in front
of her and told her to use her mouth on my cock. She didn’t hesitate and began
long, slow strokes up the entire length with her mouth. She stopped at the top
of each stroke to lick and caress the head with her tongue. It was apparent
that this was difficult for her. I knew my cock would taste of her pussy as
well as my own sperm and that it was likely to be unpleasant for her. This
combined with her position meant she was not having an easy time of it,
although she was having a damn good go.

I could feel myself
approaching orgasm, but didn’t want to come at this time. I took a handful of
her hair and pulled her head back until she had lifted off my penis. I looked
her in the eyes and held her gaze for a few moments, before letting go of her
hair and allowing her head to drop. I lowered her wrists from the strappado and she slumped to the floor. The spreader was
still on her ankles and for now I left this in place and her wrists were still
cuffed behind her back. She made no move to resist as I lifted her up under the
arms and carried her upstairs. She rested her head on my shoulder and it
appeared she was resigned to her fate. I gently laid her on my bed and locked
the collar around her neck. Once this was in place I was able to remove her
wrist and ankle cuffs to allow her a little more freedom. She was still well
secured even though it was very simple, without access to some tools, it would
be virtually impossible for her to break free of the collar and chain.

I knew she would appreciate
the extra mobility, even though the chain was not long enough to allow her even
off the bed. I encouraged her to get under the covers whilst I went into the
bathroom to clean up. I expected that she would want to do the same, but for
now was happy to keep her chained to my bed. I was undecided as to what I was
going to do with her long term, but was going to enjoy the rest of the weekend.

To be continued………
