---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Self-Bondage Workout
authors:
- Odetha
tags:
- Sbf
- rope
- lingerie
- hogtie
- stuck
- cuffs
- nipple
- torment
- cons
- X
---

It seems like a lifetime ago that I discovered self-bondage material
on the internet. It was such a liberating experience. Prior
to knowing that many other people also practiced self-bondage, I felt such
shame and guilt after my bondage sessions. I always promised myself
that each time would be the last. I don't know what it is like for
the guys, but women aren't supposed to want to be tied up. The feminist
movement, despite all the benefits it brings, has equated bondage with
submission in the social, political, and economic realms. What
I like during sexual activity has nothing to do with how I want to be treated
otherwise. Ordinarily, I am an assertive person that demands
a high quality of performance from myself and others, and I rarely subjugate
myself to the authority of others. I am perplexed at my own compulsion
for bondage.

My best self-bondage experience was several years ago while I was still
living with my parents. When they announced their plans for
a weekend getaway, I automatically began going over scenarios in my mind.
I had in mind to accomplish several self-bondage goals.

I imagine that many people that do self-bondage look at it as a challenge.
The first challenge is to arrive at an imaginative method of bondage that
can be accomplished without the aid of a partner. Of course, the
internet is a great tool to getting ideas. Sometimes I lay awake
at night mixing up different combinations of self-bondage elements.
Double ring devices, cinch loops, breast bondage, crotch ropes, rack-like
stretches, contortions like inverted boats and hogties, partial suspensions,
mobile bondage, long term bondage, self-torture devices, and on and on.

The second challenge is the method of release. It has to be reliable.
The ice-cube in the stocking method is a standard method I use. But,
for some scenes, it has to be long-term, and the length of time it takes
needs to be unpredictable. Using a creative method of release always
increased the level of sexual tension for me.

The third challenge is to find ways to emphasize your feelings of powerlessness,
and maintain a high level of anticipation and anxiety. After awhile,
just being tied up and waiting for release just doesn't give me the same
kick as it used to. I need that adrenaline rush that my first
experiences gave me. I considered public self-bondage, but always
chickened out. I have no intentions of being a rape victim.
When I was barely 17, I mustered up the courage to go buy real sluty lingerie.
The idea of being caught bound while wearing that stuff really increased
the anxiety level for awhile, but then the lingerie just became part of
the routine. More recently, I have been trying to create situations
where I would be forced to do things, or be subjected to unpleasant experiences.
I would fantasize that I was being controlled by another person, or subjected
to his (or her!) torture.

My gears were turning. I wanted to try several new ideas I got
off the internet, I wanted at least one really intense experience, and
one long term bondage experience. The moment my parents told me of
their plans to leave, I started sketching out ideas. On the eve of
my parent's departure, I was in a constant state of arousal. I could
not wait for them to leave the next morning. I resisted the temptation
to masturbate, in order to increase the sexual tension of next day's bondage
ordeals.

My parents were only halfway out the driveway and I was already gathering
bits and pieces of self-bondage materials from all over the house.
Rope, rings, small lengths of chain, locks, etc. The very first thing
wanted to do was a "[Super-Hogtie](https://selfbound.net/tech/superhogtie.html)". I had seen the instructions on
the net months earlier, and was desperate to try it. Up until then,
I never managed to find a way to tie my hands behind my back effectively,
let alone perform a hogtie. I created my wrist coil first.
It was just loose enough for me to slip one hand in at a time. I
then prepare the cinch rope that would run from the double rings at my
feet to the wrist coil. I made a nice tight hangman's noose at the
end of a 6 foot length of cord. Next, I stripped and placed a sharp
small kitchen knife at the other end of the living room. I sat on
the couch and tied my ankles together, and with the final knots, I tied
two small metal rings to my ankles. I grabbed an extra length of
rope and tied my knees together as well. Before descending from the
couch, I threaded the cinch rope through the rings such that I could pull
the noose towards my ankles.

I felt nervous as I lowered myself to the floor. I decided not
to included any crotch rope or breast bondage. This was my first
time and I wanted to see how it went before being too elaborate.
I laid on my stomach and raised my calves straight into the air.
I placed both ends of the cinch rope in the small of back. I could
feel the nervous rumblings in my stomach, and was excited by having my
breasts sandwiched against the carpet. The pressure on my breasts
increased as I took the wrist coil in one hand, and then placed both hands
behind my back. As I placed one hand through the wrist, I found myself
repeating "Oh my God, Oh my God, Oh my God" over and over again.
I threaded the wrist coil through the noose, and then placed my free hand
through the coil. I grabbed hold of the other end of the cinch rope
and placed my head sideways on the carpet, breathing deeply.

I was all set. Nothing else to do except pull on the rope until
my ankles came as close as possible to my wrists. Very quickly, I
started pulling on the cinch rope, using one hand at a time. As my
fingers of one hand pulled down on the line, the fingers of the other reached
up to grab the line and continue pulling. I felt my ankles being
pulled back, and tension building in my elbows and shoulders as my back
arched. The noose tightened, and I felt the wrist coil cinched, capturing
my hands. I pulled until the tension of the rope was too strong for
my hands to tighten the rope any further.

I was taken aback by the amount of tension and immobility I experienced.
My arms were being pulled straight back and held taut. I was overwhelmed
by this heightened sense of captivity, and excited that I could manage
it through self-bondage. I struggled a bit to see if I could reach
the ankle ropes and undo them with my hands. My ankles must have
been only inches from my wrists, but they were remaining out of reach of
my fingers.

As I was trying to reach my ankle ropes with my hands, I quickly realized
that my fingers were getting stiffer. I panicked as I began to feel
my hands and fingers begin to throb. I had lost circulation in my
hands, and I was rapidly losing any sensation in them. I figured
it was time to make my way to knife and cut myself loose. My panic
level rose another notch as I discovered how difficult it was to move while
hogtied, especially with the knees tied. I could roll to one side
or the other, but while on my side I could not move around at all.
I would swing my ankles upward and just barely make it back to lying on
my stomach. I had three 'points' touching the ground, my knees, my
hips, and my chest. I could rest my weight on two at a time and move
the third; first the knees, then the hips, then the chest. My breasts
twisted against the carpet as I pivoted on my chest.

When I finally got near the knife, I have to line myself up with it
exactly in order to be able to reach it with my hands as I rolled to one
side. I had to make several attempts before I finally managed to
get one hand on the knife. My fingers were very stiff by this point,
and I lost almost all feeling in them. I know I had to get the circulation
going again very soon. I placed the blade against the cinch rope
and sliced through it easily. My body released like a strung bow
whose line had snapped. My chest and calves hit the carpet and I
could feel some blood start flowing back to my legs and arms.

I discarded the knife, and figured that now that the cinch rope was
cut, I could release my hands by pulling apart on the wrist coil and making
the noose loosen. I had no such luck. The noose was far too
tight for me to loosen. I was still trapped, tied at the ankles,
knees, and wrists. I was going to need that knife again. It
was much easier to retrieve it without my hands tied to my ankles, but
my fingers were very numb and stiff by this point. I needed to carefully
slice the wrist coil with the knife, and I had to do it before I lost any
more mobility or sensation in my fingers. I palmed the knife handle
with the blade towards my elbows, and rested the blade on the ropes between
my wrists. All I could do was pull the blade back and forth in small
movements, and I was unable to put much pressure on the blade. I
was also worried about cutting myself without even knowing. Very
patiently, I cut away at the bundle of ropes and after about five minutes
of sawing, I finally felt the coil start to give. My fingers and
hands were cramped with pain as the coil finally gave way and my hands
were free.

I obviously made the wrist coil too tight. If I was to do this
again, I would either use a looser coil, or better still, I would get lockable
leather wrist cuffs and loop the noose through the d-rings. I wasn't
about to try another hogtie that day. That experience was certainly
intense enough for my liking. I hit the shower and massaged my sore
wrists and examined the carpet burns on my chest, hips and knees.
I felt a fair bit of pride from having been able to escape from the bondage.
While I relaxed with the warm water flowing over my body, I thought about
what to do next. I had thought of trying to produce a mechanism that
would drip hot wax on my breast. I imagined myself tied spread-eagled
on the floor and squirming and trying to escape the torture of the wax.
With only about a day and a half left, of privacy, I figure I would not
have enough time to rig and test such a device and still have it safe enough
to use in self-bondage.

I got out of the shower and decided that I was ready for a long-term
bondage session. The hogtie session was intense enough for one day.
I wanted a release mechanism that would take an indefinite period of time.
One idea I had was to use a helium balloon, the kind that only last about
a day before descending to the ground. I could tie a tiny release
key to it and have to wait for it to descend before being released.
However, I really didn't want to venture out today to buy a balloon, especially
with the wrist marks I had from the hogtie.

Instead, I decided to use the delivery of the Sunday flyers as
a release mechanism. Every Sunday morning, a bag of flyers is stuffed
into our mail slot. I figured I could hold back the release key with
the mail slot door. Then, when the bag is stuffed in the slot, the
key will swing within my reach. However, sometime the flyers came
a 5 a.m., other times it cam just before noon. That would give me
an over night bondage session, and I wouldn't know when I would be set
free. I set up my Dad's workout bench near the front door, and prepared
the release mechanism and tested it a couple of times. I also set
up an emergency release key using a bucket of dyed water on a rope.
If the house got fire, I could pull the rope and get free. Otherwise,
I could not use the emergency escape without having to explain the big
red stain on the carpet. I also put a large plastic drop cloth under
the workbench. For the length of time I was to be tied, I would surely
have to urinate at some point.

We had a computer in the living room, and it had phone interface software.
I set it to answer on the fourth ring, and use the speakerphone option.
If anyone called, I would have to speak to him or her. The prospect
of trying to maintain a casual conversation while bound made me wet with
anticipation. We usually get 6 or 7 calls Saturday night. Either
my friends or solicitors or relatives are calling. I didn't want
anyone to think I needed help because I wasn't answering the phone, and
if my parents called late to see if I was alright, they might send the
police to check on the house if I didn't answer. I get sick and tired
of reading stories of what happens when "I tied myself up and I'm discovered
by two big guys and make me their sex slave. I sucked dick and was
fucked in the ass all night long and loved every moment." I have
no fantasies of being discovered.

I was about to go get dressed for the occasion when I figured I wanted
something more for this session. The likelihood of the phone ringing
gave me an idea. I pulled out an old electronics kit. You could
make a simple sound activated relay with it. It was supposed to be
a "burglar alarm." A loud sound could make a small light turn on,
or a buzzer ring. The little 9-volt charge created by the alarm could
also run a small electric motor from an old electric car my Dad had taken
apart. I attached the small motor to the underside of a table (the
screw marks would not be seen under the table), and wound a string around
the axle. Every time the phone would ring, the motor would run, and
the motor would pull the string. When the phone stopped, the motor
would release the tension on the sting.

I went and got dressed. I pulled out the slut costume as I called
it. I had a black corset with garters, and stockings to match.
I put on a pair of black high heels and tied them on with thin cord to
prevent me from removing them. I went to the workout bench and started
with a nice tight crotch rope. Before tying myself to the bench,
I went and drank several large glasses of water. I could go without
food for awhile, but I need to hydrate myself. Part of the suspense
of this type of session is wondering when you will have to pee.

I used several long strands of rope to tie myself to the bench.
I started with the legs. I bent my knees and brought my feet near
the bench, several inches off the ground, and tied my ankles and looped
the rope several times around my thighs. My feet hung half way down
from the bench. Next, I tied my waist to the bench. The bench
was tilted up about 45 degrees so I was leaning back in the bench, almost
upright. I finished by tying my chest on the upper portion of the
bench. The coils of rope went above and below my breasts. I
used smaller cords to cinch the coils between my breasts and on each side.

Before securing my hands behind my back with a small length of chain,
I installed a pair of nipple clamps that held on tight to my nipples.
Now you know what I am going to use the electric motor for! I attached
the string from the electric motor to the middle of the chain of the nipple
clamps. When someone calls, the phone will ring four times before
the computer answers. Each time it rings, the motor is going to pull
on the clamps. I just hope my screams will stop before the caller
can hear me.

I placed the loop of the emergency escape bucket on my left wrist and
then wrapped a chain around it. I brought both hands behind me and
placed the chain around the other wrist and threaded the lock and left
it open for a few minutes. I looked around to see that I thought
of everything. I could rest comfortably in the reclined workout bench,
and, if I had to, I could let myself urinate. It was about 4 in the
afternoon, and I had to wait until sometime tomorrow morning for my release.
Of course, in the meantime, I would be subjected to random nipple torture.
When and how often was a mystery. I took a deep breath and closed
the second lock on the right wrist. I spent the first hour squirming
against my crotch rope until the first of several calls came.

It
was going to be a long night.

20/08/01
