---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Summer Fun
authors:
- CK
tags:
- M+-f
- bond
- rope
- teen
- strip
- naked
- outdoors
- insert
- extreme
- cons
- XX
date: 2020-03-12 00:00:00
---

Continues from [part one](summer_fun.html)

Wednesday came in even hotter than Tuesday and we were all in our bikini bathing suits again. Around noon the girls asked me if I was going to stay in my bikini for the afternoon tie up game. I said that it was the most natural thing to do given the heat.

We met up at the sandpit for the regular game. The boys counted to 50, my friends scattered, but I just stayed there until they had finished their counting. I said that this would save them having to catch me. They immediately 'caught' me and this time tied my hands together, palm-to-palm, but this time in front and pulled me along down a new trail for a few hundred meters.

On the way I got close to Jake and quietly asked him if I was going to get naked again. He said only if I asked for a blindfold. So it was really up to me. I continued to ponder his 'offer' for the rest of the walk.

Finally we stopped at a location that seemed pretty arbitrary. They made me kneel and then took my hands and pulled them over my head. They forced my arms straight up from my shoulders and behind my head. They forced my elbows together behind my head and then tied my arms together, between my shoulders and elbows, behind my head. Of course they had to cinch this tie too. When they were finished my arms were stuck behind my head. Next came the usual ankle tie and then they gently laid me on my stomach. They took the rope tied to my wrists that I was pulled along the path with, and passed it between my ankles. What followed next was the strictest hogtie that I had ever endured. My wrists and ankles were almost touching and this while my wrists are just behind my shoulder blades. I gave out several grunts while they turned me into a pretzel.

The boys were about to leave when I rashly asked “what about a blindfold?” Then it struck me that I had just about asked to be naked.

Jake asked, "Do you WANT a blindfold?" We both knew what that meant.

I swallowed hard and said, "I think so."

I sealed my own fate. Jake pulled the blindfold out of his pocket and wrapped it around my head. The boys made sounds to leave and from a distance Jake called out, "Hope the girls can find you." Then silence except for the chirping of forest birds.

All of a sudden hands were touching me, pulling strings on my top and pulling it off and then working to get my bikini bottom down to my tied up ankles. Without a word being spoken I was naked again.

Time seemed to stand still while my arms back and legs ached. Besides fingers and toes I could not even move. It was nearly 3:30 before the girls found me. I had been in this unbelievable hogtie for about two gruelling hours. The hogtie was pretty easy to undo which relieved the worst pressure on my back. My arms took a little longer. Again I had to report that I saw nothing with the blindfold. One of my friends asked if I was enjoying being naked. I didn't know how to answer.

---

Thursday would be our last day for 'the game' as I would be leaving Friday afternoon. We gathered for the last time at the sandpit. The boys didn't even count, they just grabbed my wrist and told the other girls to come looking for me in about an hour and they led me off into the woods. It was a little cooler than the past two days so I was wearing shorts and a t-shirt. No underwear.

About two minutes into our walk we stopped. Jake said to me, "OK. We all know you like to be naked so take your clothes off here." And they all stood looking at me waiting for me to strip. I tried to protest. If it ever came to being questioned about it I wanted to be able to say I was forced to.

They weren't backing down so finally I said, "fuck it" and took my clothes off. They tied my hands behind my back with a real tight cinch.

Then Jake came around in front of me with a rope and said, "I've always wanted to do this." He took the rope and wrapped it tight around the base of my right breast. I told him he was hurting me but he just kept on wrapping and finished by tying it off on the top of my now bulging boob. A long tail of rope hung down to the ground.

With another rope he moved to my left breast and muttered to himself, "let's see if I can make this one tighter" and I think he did. By the time he was tying the final knot it was turning blue. I tried to tell them that my tits really hurt but all they did was put a gag in my mouth and headed further down the trail pulling me by the ropes tied around my breasts and leaving my clothes behind. The ropes alone hurt but each tug on my tit ropes hurt even more.

I can't tell you how far up the trail we went but it seemed pretty far. I had to climb over a few fallen trees and that was not easy naked with my hands tied behind my back and all the time being pulled by my tits. Scrapping my bare butt across logs was not fun! One time while struggling over yet another fallen tree, I was pulled off balance and fell face first on the path. My engorged tits hit hard on the ground and I thought they were going to burst.

When the boys felt we were far enough up the path we stopped and they untied my wrists. This was the first time the boys had untied anything and I held out hope that they would do the same with my breasts. It was false hope. After giving me a minute to bring full circulation to my hands they told me to put my hands out in front. They twisted my hands so that my palms were facing out and tied them together like that with a tight cinch. The way my hands were tied I could not bend my elbows upward.

They took another rope and tied my forearms together forcing my elbows together and my shoulders to roll forward. My arms were totally immobilized and just hung in front of my tied tits. To make sure I wouldn’t be able to do anything with my hands, they tied my second fingers together. They sat me down on my bare butt and forced my feet up behind my head and crossed my ankles at the base of my neck. There they tied my ankles securely together behind my head.

So now I'm rolled on my back in a ball with my ankles locked behind my head and my knees spread wide around me. My arms are tied awkwardly hanging between my legs and my tits are throbbing from the ropes wrapped around them and add to this the gag in my mouth. I tried to look up from this position and all three boys I think were staring at my cunt. The way my legs were tied it would have been wide open for viewing. I tried to object to the free show they were enjoying but it came out as a mumble through the gag. I guess that my mumble made them realize I was watching them and that seemed to bother them because the next thing I knew, they were blindfolding me.

What came next was totally unexpected by me. After the tying of my breasts perhaps I should have expected it because it seemed nothing was taboo that day. I felt a finger slide into my cunt! It slid in and out with ease because my cunt was soaking wet. Then two fingers went in. Then I think three! That hand pulled out so that another could feel inside me, three new fingers. Someone got the idea that they should all stick a finger at the same time. From what I could tell four fingers plunged into me at once and wiggled around.

Jake called the smallest kid there and challenged him to put as many fingers as he could into my cunt. Well I think he started with four because he quickly said all four were in. Jake told him to add his thumb, which he did. My cunt was so stretched it felt like it would rip. Then the other three began chanting "deeper, deeper" and he began to pump in and out trying to get more of his hand in.

I don't know if he slipped or just pushed harder but I felt a thrust, I screamed as best I could through my gag and he said, "Oh shit, my whole hand is inside her." I’m sure that ‘popped my cherry’ because it really hurt. His hand was deep into my vagina where nothing had gone before. His wrist held my cunt stretched open although not as much as when his hand went through. He pushed in even deeper until I think he was in half way up to his elbow. I felt his fingers wiggling deep inside my abdomen.

It seems that Jake could see that this was really hurting because he said that inside play time was over and it was time to come out. The little kid had one more swish around my vagina and pulled out quickly. The other three were grossed out by the juices that were all over his hand and arm. Jake urged them all to leave before the girls found us but one of them suggested they stick something in me before they left. They thought of a stick or a stone but decided they were too dirty, thank god.

Then one of them pulled out their water bottle and suggested trying to shove it in me. It was a small 500 ml water bottle, that probably wasn't much wider than the hand that was just in me, so they decided to try. Now it's true the bottle was smaller than the hand but it was longer and so stretched my cunt wide open for a longer time. It was very painful as the bottle went in but then my cunt closed in behind it as it disappeared into my womb. All this time my hands were close to my crotch but the way my hands were tied with my palms facing out and my middle fingers tied, there was little that I could do with my hands.

Just before they left me they took the rope ends that were tied to my breasts and stretched the ends to two trees on either side of me, which effectively pinned me to the ground. Just before they left me, they left me gagged so I could not call out, held tight in place by my tits that were pulled in opposite directions, so I couldn't move and blindfolded so I couldn't see. Add to this the restricting ties on my arms and my feet secured behind my head. In more ways than one I was completely immobilized. And with all this I had almost forgotten about the water bottle deep inside my virgin vagina.

Mercifully my girl friends found me quickly. They told me that the boys had led them to my clothes that were left on the path and that they should follow the same trail to find me. I heard them coming and made muffled grunts as they approached. As the first one came up to me, she tripped over one of the breast ropes giving one final hard yank on my left tit. I screamed into the gag and I heard her swear at herself for being clumsy and then apologizing to me.

She removed the blindfold and I squinted in the afternoon sun. Then she struggled to remove my gag because of where my feet were. It was too hard to get at the knot so she just forced it out of my mouth and let it hang around my neck. I told them that everything hurt, my boobs, my arms, and my back, even my cunt. I don't think they understood why I mentioned my nether regions but they didn't ask any questions. They just started on all the ropes.

Two went to work on untying my breast ropes from the trees while the third started on the tie that held my ankles behind my head. The first rope released was one of the breast ropes and that allowed me to roll a bit to the other side releasing the tension on the other breast. My feet would have to be untied before they could even consider untying the bindings around my breasts. Next the ankle rope came off and they gently removed my legs from behind my head, allowing me to stretch out on my back for the first time in over an hour.

It was at this point that they realized the twisted way my arms were bound. I told them that my shoulders ached and my fingers felt numb. They immediately started to untie my arms. As the ropes fell away my arms twisted outward again and then I could bend my elbows again. Then we all went to work on my bound up breasts. During all this I was naked in the woods but that was of little concern. Getting all the ropes off was far more important.

When the final ropes fell to the ground, I collapsed on my back and lay there naked for several minutes. Finally the girls held up my clothes and asked if I wanted to get dressed. It sounded like a pretty stupid question, but there was still one more thing that had to be done first. I spread my legs and reached for my groin. I stuck two fingers onto my vagina and felt the cap from the water bottle. I hooked it with my fingernails and pulled it to the lips of my cunt. All three girls were staring in disbelief that there was something blue barely visible just inside my cunt. It was the cap to the water bottle.

I told them to grab hold of it but they just stared in stunned disbelief. I yelled at them for somebody to take hold of it. Finally one of them reached down and grabbed it. I moved my fingers away and then screamed at her to pull it out. Well, she pulled, but it slipped from her fingers when it was maybe half way out and was stretching my cunt wide open. My cunt was trying to crush the plastic bottle but the full bottle kept its shape.

My friends could see I was in pain, so one of them grabbed hold of the plastic bottle and pulled it completely out. Again I fell back onto the ground exhausted. The girls again offered me my clothes and this time I took them and got dressed. We left the ropes on the ground like we had done every other time, but I kept the water bottle. Later that afternoon when we met up with the boys again, I offered them a drink from the water bottle. They nearly choked. I apologized that the water was actually 'body temperature'.
