---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Motel 7
authors:
- Bob Salinas
tags:
- Sbm
- FF-m
- cons
- X
date: 2006-05-23 00:00:00
---

**Part One**

Al, already naked, finished tying his
ankles securely to the legs of the sofa and pulled himself to his feet. He
clipped the short piece of clothesline, already snugly knotted around his
ballsack, to a clock weight resting on the seat cushion. He had measured the
rope carefully, and there were precisely three inches of slack.

He pulled himself up and packed his
mouth with a carefully-selected pair of his wife’s panties, fresh out of the
hamper and not fresh – just what he wanted. They were full-fashioned cotton
bloomers- good for mouth packing and jacking off, but poor fantasy material.
Maybe one of these years she’s try on one of his gifts from Victoria’s
Secret, but Al wasn’t hopeful.

He wrapped a
3”-wide Ace bandage snug around his head, packing the panties deep in his
mouth, and carefully clipped the loose end to the rest of the bandage with the
little metal clip. After taking a deep breath and exhaling to savor the scent
which now filled his lungs, he made a few muffled cries for help; nothing came
out except gurgles, which was just what he wanted. The scent and his imagination
were reflected in his erection.

Bending
‘way over the sofa, he slipped over his head the loop of rope which was
securely fastened to the base of the sofa. (He knew better than to use a slip
knot- he didn’t want to strangle himself.) Al reached down for a piece of cord
and gave it a sharp tug; the clock weight rolled off the cushion and its weight
fell sharply on his balls. Ouch! He knew what his balls must look like- a deep
red inside the sack of tightly-stretched skin, bulging roundly with the load of
sperm he and they desperately wanted to send spurting down his cock.

He reached to
his side and grabbed a waiting pair of handcuffs. With a sharp CLACK CLACK
CLACK, his wrists were irretrievably locked together. The keys were nowhere in
sight.

Almost
reflexively, he struggled for his freedom, testing his bonds. He was trapped-
his work had been careful and carefully planned. He finally sagged against the
sofa and waited for his wife to return home. On the outside of the door leading
to the garage was a note for his wife, the keys to his handcuffs taped to it:

Carla
– I have a surprise package waiting for you in the living
room. Won’t you join me for some fun and games?

Al

About an hour
later, Al heard Carla’s car enter the garage. He heard the car door close, the
sound of footsteps on concrete, and then silence for what seemed like an hour.
Beside being helplessly bound, Al was incredibly horny, and to top it all off he
was scared witless. Carla had made herself clear on several other occasions that
she wanted no part of his demented fantasies, and Al was giving it one last try
before… he wasn’t sure before what. He just waited.

Finally the
door opened, and there was silence before Carla addressed him in an angry shriek
which must have been audible downtown: “YOU SICK DEMENTED PERVERT! Haven’t I
told you time and time again that I want absolutely nothing to do with your
filthy unholy games?” She brusquely unlocked his handcuffs and continued:
”This is so far over the line I can’t believe it. I’m going to the church
to talk with Sister Carmelita. When I come home in two hours, I want you gone
and out of my life for the remainder of eternity!”

The door
slammed. While Al hastily released himself, his aching erection only a memory,
he heard the garage door open before the car blasted out and down the street. He
had been down this road before, and while he wasn’t packed, he knew just what
to do.

In one hour
and forty-five minutes, his car was loaded with most of his necessities of his
life and he was on the road. Thirty minutes later, the young lady at the front
desk of the Old Sacramento Motel 7 was handing him the key to 238. “Easy to
remember- 2 cubed is 8!”, Al remarked brightly to the lady, who just smiled
dimly.

After he
finished carrying his stuff to his room, Al surveyed the room carefully. The
whole motel had been recently remodeled; the room still smelled a bit of fresh
paint, and the screen of the TV was squeaky clean. Al reached into the bag he
had picked up at the Del Paso Safeway and withdrew a bottle of good Kentucky
bourbon. Then he turned on HBO and, with a short prayer of thanks to God for
inventing alcohol, proceeded to drown his sorrow.

Fortunately
for this story line, this was not to be another three-day bender- Al had learned
something through the years, and he spent Saturday perusing the rolling stock at
the Union Pacific Railroad museum- something which he had always wanted to do
but Carla just didn’t enjoy that kind of stuff.

After a cheap
but adequate dinner at Del Taco ($9 including a soda), Al drove out to a
boutique he knew- an adults-only place, which carried an astonishing array of
videos. All of them were DVDs- it seemed cassettes had gone the way of the dodo
bird.

Fortunately,
Al had brought his computer- reasonable enough, since he would go back to his
usual job of being a software engineer on Monday. His computer, on top of having
the usual goodies necessary to high-tech work, had a DVD player and a 19” TFT
monitor.

Al had
selected three promising-looking features and took them up to the counter, where
a smiling sweet young thing rang up his purchase, not batting an eye as she went
through his selection of hard-core, filthy, woman-degrading pornography. At
least that’s how Carla referred to it. (Carla had never gotten close enough to
Al’s perversions to notice that it wasn’t the women who got degraded, but Al
had given up trying to explain that.)

While he was
waiting, a dancer from the attached nudie joint strolled through, picking out a
G-string. She was wearing only filmy nylon shorts (like the cut-off top of
pantyhose) and a tiny cut-off T-shirt- stuff she could take off quickly. Al
returned her cheery smile but continued on with his plans for the night. He knew
what enthusiastically-jiggling flesh looked like- hell, even Carla jiggled; he
had other ideas and needs.

Back in his
new home, Al booted his PC (which he knew down to the last nut and bolt- he took
it apart and rebuilt it for fun) and tossed in the only ‘straight’ porn DVD
of the trio. He’d made a good choice, though- it was hot, and so was Al!

Keeping in
touch with the sexsational action on the screen, Al made his preparations for
the night’s action, starring Al, of course, and his fantasy Mistress who shall
remain unnamed. First off, he pulled out his Swiss Army knife and cut a length
of rope from one of three coils. He passed one end under the bed, making sure
that both ends met on top of the bed and left a pile of ‘binding material’
in the middle. Then he used a short length of rope to fasted a pair of ankle
cuffs to the center of the footboard of the bed, leaving the cuffs on the quilt
for the moment.

Grabbing a
roll of kite string, Al stood on the bed and tied one end to the room’s light
fixture. He cut the piece just long
enough so that when he tied his keys to the free end of the cord, the keys would
dangle on the mattress. After double-checking the knots, Al hopped down
cautiously (he was on the second floor and didn’t want to irritate anybody who
might be below) and went to his luggage for his trusty ‘ice timer’.

Al snapped
the timer, basically just a steel ring half an inch in diameter attached to a
plastic strap, to the shower curtain rod. He took a nylon stocking (one of
Carla’s, a sturdy no-nonsense style from Wal-Mart) and stuffed three ice cubes
from the motel’s ice maker into the foot end. No, five… no, six, since some
of it would melt while he finished his preparations. He threaded the top end
through the ring and pulled it down until the ice jammed against the ring. Then
he locked a 10” Vise-Grip (model number 10WR, an incredibly useful tool and
handy weight) to the hanging end of the stocking. The wrench was much heavier
than the ice, of course, and kept the ice jammed up against the ring.

Next, he tied
a piece of the kite string to the cord which held the keys; the other end he
tied to the wrench. The cord was short enough so the keys now hung not over the
bed but about a foot to the side, far out of his reach in his planned position.
When the ice melted and the stocking pulled through the ring, the weight of the
wrench would pull loose the knot and release the keys. Al had used this many
times while Carla was away- it was about as foolproof as the laws of
thermodynamics.

Satisfied, Al
returned to his ‘toy chest’ and withdrew another rope- ¼” sisal,
carefully cut to precise length through many uses. Some places recommended not
using sisal, he thought because it was itchy and left massive red marks in the
skin, but he really didn’t care about welts- nobody would ever see them.
Nobody except Carla ever saw rigidly-faithful Al naked outside of a locker room,
and now not even her….

He put the
center of the rope, long ago marked with a red felt-tip, on the center of his
chest just below his shoulders and passed the two ends behind himself. He
switched hands on the strands and looped them around himself, this time below
his breasts, raising the strands so they crossed between his breasts.

He continued
this looping and crossing process, essentially winding a figure-8 rope bra for
himself. As he made loop after loop, the rope compressed his rib cage and made
breathing a bit difficult. It also pressed the meat of his chest into a
marvelous and very sensitive part of boobs! Al carefully tied the rope in a
square knot behind his back and checked out his reflection in the mirror as he
strummed his nipples- not a bad babe, except for the beard!

Okay, time to
get down to brass tacks, whatever those were.

Al pulled out
a favorite ball gag- a rubber ball from the kiddies department of the grocery
store knotted into the center of another of Carla’s stockings which he’d cut
to fit, with a steel ring on one end of the stocking and an S-hook on the other.
He wedged the ball deep into his mouth and clipped the S-hook onto the ring. He
tried to call for help, as always, and was rewarded only with an even more eager
hard-on. (Is that really an ‘only’?)

Thinking of
the hard-on, Al reached out for a ball-stretcher- a leather strap an inch and a
half wide which went around his ball-sack and pressed his testicles down firmly.
This resulted in an even more pronounced erection, which Al surrounded with two
latex condoms. This gave an almost pussy-like feeling of compression and helped
him keep his hard-on during the inevitable slow spots in the entertainment.

Finally, he
picked up a thick rubber O-ring and rolled it down over the latex-sheathed head
of his cock. Once it slipped down over his flared head, it was a snug slip fit
all the way down the shaft of his cock until he pressed it firmly down at the
base. He could see head of his cock, an angry dark red even through two layers
of nylon.

Al retrieved
a new length of rope, more sisal (3/8”- strong enough for suspension games)
from Home Depot. He tied one end around his legs just above his ankles and
proceeded to wind the entire length around his legs until he cinched the other
end most of the way up his thighs

Things were
coming down to the wire now. Al dragged himself to his PC (with the carpet
thoroughly and enjoyably beating up his distended nipples in the process) and
ejected the DVD, replacing it with “Mistresses Yolanda and Victoria degrade
Slave Martin”. He was familiar with the crew that made this video, and they
did hot stuff. He started the video and dragged himself (the dragging and the
accompanying degradation was difficult but exciting) back to the bed for his
final preparations.

Al heaved
himself onto the bed and caught his breath for a moment. Then he reached out for
a pair of handcuffs and slipped them through the ropes crossing between his
‘new’ breasts, leaving them dangling there for the moment.

He scooted
down to the foot of the bed, bent double, and- after a last cautious look
around, as the keys were deliberately out of his reach- locked his ankles into
the cuffs. Then he reached out for the rope which ran under the bed and wrapped
it firmly around his waist twice before he tied the ends behind his back.

Al laid back
against a pile of pillows (the better to see the PC monitor screen) and locked
his wrists into the handcuffs- this held them close to his chest, where his arms
kept rubbing his sensitive nipples. (Whenever he showered, he used a loofa
sponge vigorously, removing any dead skin to leave his skin sensitive.) He
struggled and squirmed, just to test his bonds, and found that everything was
just fine- he was helpless.

OH, FUCKING
SHIT! Al’s eye fell on the ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign, which hung on the inside
of the door. Damn- he’d forgotten to put it out! He struggled desperately for
a minute or two before he gave up. Well, with any luck the ice would melt and
he’d be free long before the maids showed up- the six ice cubes ought to melt
down enough in maybe an hour.

**Part Two**

Indra pushed
her housekeeping cart along the second-floor walkway, trying to keep her mind
from giving way to the tide of depression which seemed inevitable to one faced
with all the career potential of a hotel maid. Fuck shit… Indra would never
have said that when she arrived from her native Pakistan as a teenager, but it
was but one of many unworthy things she had picked up along the way through a
not-particularly-gentle life.

She started
with room 230, a corner unit on the second floor. She knocked on the door,
paused for fifteen seconds, and then opened the door. “Housekeeping!”, she
called in her light and slightly-accented voice. When she heard nothing, she
entered and began the ritual of cleaning the room in as little time as possible.
Crap… this one had been used by a local couple, and she hated cleaning up the
cum-coated sheets. Part of her displeasure was envy- she hadn’t had her legs
in the air for a year, at least not with a man between them.

Some of the
girls had told her that they ‘forgot’ when young couples were checked in,
and when they stepped into the room they loved the frantic flurry of activity as
the naked bodies scurried about, bare breasts and penises and underwear flying
as they ducked for cover in incredible embarrassment. Indra had never been so
lucky, but a girl can fantasize, can’t she?

Finished with
230, Indra moved on to 232, 234, and 236, just as she had so many times before.
Tap, tap, tap…. “Housekeeping!”

Bob’s blood
froze in his veins, and then he realized the maid was next door. He had maybe
five minutes to free himself before he was once again exposed as the pervert he
was. He jerked and pulled, but the
cuffs were inescapable. The keys hung motionless where he had hung them, far out
of reach.

Maybe if he
rolled off the bed? No, the ankle cuffs kept his feet up against the footboard,
and the rope around his waist made him give up any hope of rolling off the bed.
That was by design, of course. He was on the verge of exhaustion when he finally
gave up and lay back.

Tap, tap,
tap…. “Housekeeping!” As usual, Indra counted off 15 seconds to
respectfully allow anybody sleeping to wake enough to respond. She heard
nothing, so she unlocked the door, pushed it wide open, and backed in, pulling
her cart after her.

She turned
around and her heart leaped into her throat. A man was tied up on the bed! A
naked man! A desperately struggling naked man! A desperately struggling naked
man tied to the bed in an overtly sexual position!

Indra’s
heart slowly slid back to its normal position between her breasts, and an idea
began to take shape in her mind. A maid she might be, but Indra wasn’t by any
stretch of the imagination either innocent or stupid. She was both well-educated
and had ‘been around the block’ several times in her 38 years.

Indra closed
the door quietly, locked the deadbolt, and quickly stepped to the bed. Leaning
over, she asked “Are you all right? Are you in trouble?” Al calmed slightly
at her voice and nodded his head in the negative.

She smiled
gently, her imagination turning over ideas. She’s heard about guys who checked
into hotel rooms to play kinky games, but she’d just heard about them, and
deep in her mind she thought they were just tales the girls made up to break the
boredom. Well, it looked like she was going to have her own story to tell now!

Indra smiled
reassuringly at him and said “Don’t worry, Sir, you’re in good hands with
Indra… yes, that’s my name, Indra. You don’t want me to let you go, do
you?” Again Al shook his head, negatively and vigorously. Indra smiled again,
straightened up, and stepped to the door. She took the ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign
Al had forgotten, hung it on the outside, and closed and double-locked the door-
another thing Al had forgotten.

Indra turned
around and noticed the PC monitor, which was just showing the closing scene of
the movie- Slave Martin was locked in a pillory which restrained his ankles in a
matching pair of stocks, his aching cock swaying in the air as he watched
Mistress Yolanda being royally fucked by Mistress Victoria’s oversized
strap-on dildo. Yes, Indra was right- this guy wanted to play bondage and
submission games all by himself. Well, she was just the help this guy needed.

Indra looked
at the clipboard in her cart… 234, 236, 238… Al Kowalski. She stepped to the
bed and sat beside him, idly playing with his nipples. “Well, Al, now that
we’re on a first-name basis, why don’t we get to know each other?” Al
looked at her quizzically.

“”Yes,
Al, I’m Mistress Indra… I moonlight as a maid but I’m really the cruel
Mistress you’ve met in your dreams. Or maybe your nightmares.” As Al looked
on helplessly (he of course had absolutely no choice in the matter), Mistress
Indra lifted her arms to the back of her neck and unfastened something at the
back of her Motel 7 maid’s uniform.

Al looked at
her as she pulled the dress up, revealing the tops of her stockings, then long
black garters, then skimpy black Rio-cut panties, the black garter belt, a slim
tanned stomach, and then a lacy black bra filled to overflowing with Mistress
Indra’s breasts. Mistress Indra wasn’t exceptionally busty, but American
bras are all underwired, it seems, and Indra liked to be pretty, even if it only
she looked at herself in her underwear.

Mistress
Indra tossed the uniform shift onto her cart and stood at the foot of the bed,
her hands on her hips, her feet boldly spread. Mistress Indra wasn’t nearly as
bold as she looked to Al- all she knew was what she’d been told by some of the
girls and what she’d seen in a few dirty magazines she’d found while
cleaning up after horny couples. But she looked at Al and saw the unmistakable
look of lust in his eyes- lust for her! Mistress Indra really had little
experience with men lusting for her- most guys looked right through her- but
this one seemed different.

She examined
the key ring conspicuously hanging in the air to one side of the bed (Al loved
to see his freedom so near and yet so far) and then stepped into the bathroom to
study the apparatus. Quickly seeing what was supposed to happen, she stepped
back out and watched the guy watching her as she took the keys in her hand and
broke the string. (Years of maid service had given her strength.) Al realized
that he was now helpless before Mistress Indra; escape was impossible unless she
allowed it, and that didn’t seem likely. Al’s heart sank, but his cock
didn’t.

Mistress Indra stepped to the open
suitcase and poked around in the collection of toys she found there- more
handcuffs, straps, dildos, lengths of chain, vibrators, and other stuff she
wasn’t sure about. Ahhh… more condoms! She picked one up and read “Ribbed
for her pleasure”. With a smile- she recognized the advertising slogan- she
ripped open the package and carefully rolled number 3 down over Al’s throbbing
cock.

“Ah… you
like that, don’t you? You like Indra’s touch?” Al soundlessly shouted
‘yes’, and Mistress Indra decided that if some was good, more ought to be
even better, and she promptly enshrouded Al’s cock in another layer of ribbed
latex. Mistress Indra also knew that a condom, and especially several, would
lessen any sensations Al might feel. And a Dominatrix was supposed to minimize
his sensations, delay his climax…

She had heard
about barbaric things Pakistani men did to women to destroy their ability to
have an orgasm, thus increasing their ability to satisfy their partners.
(Research ‘clitorectomy’ if you doubt this!) Indra had fortunately escaped
such barbarities and had experienced several orgasms, but at any rate some
American men seemed fascinated by the forced delay of their own orgasms.

Mistress
Indra knelt on the bed and played with his nipples for a while. She hadn’t
been with a man for quite some time, and she loved playing with his body.
Something about his inability to either resist or respond caused a tingling deep
inside her- a moist tingling.

Mistress
Indra slipped off the bed and thought for a moment about getting naked and using
the guy. No, the girls in the magazines all wore sexy underwear, and they seemed
to always make love in it too. She turned her back on Al, bent slightly, and
slipped her panties down.

She looked
back and saw Al’s eyes bugging out as she lowered her panties slowly. She had
been told that she had a nice butt, but her cultural modesty had always kept her
from really appreciating it- until now. She wiggled a little and saw how the
man’s entire body strained at his bonds- especially his organ, which looked
like it was made of iron.

Mistress
Indra returned to the bed and reached out to stroke Al’s cock- yes, it felt as
hard as iron, and just about as heavy. What to do next?

She did what
seemed reasonable given the circumstances- she straddled his legs and then
squirmed her way up over his hips. Al’s hands, cuffed together close to his
chest, strained up toward her. She smiled and reached up to her breasts while Al
stared, pulling her boobs up out of her bra until they rested on the shelf of
the bra. She tweaked her nipples, already erect and hard.

For a moment,
she bent over and let Al get his hands on them. He pressed her nipples between
his fingers and went mad with the feeling of her soft, warm flesh. She rubbed
her breasts over his face and his gagged mouth, smiling at his efforts to get
his closed mouth over her nipples.

Mistress
Indra pulled back and away from him. “Shame, shame… naughty man! You are
going to be used, not use me.” She slapped him gently on the side of his
gagged face.

Mistress
Indra reached back between her nylon-covered thighs and found his organ- his
cock. She held it still as she wiggled her hips and positioned herself over its
tip. It had been so long since she’d had a man, and now she had one at her
service!

She lowered
herself onto his throbbing erection, savoring the moment of penetration by his
hot meat. Then her biology took
over and she began a gentle stroking, fucking herself slowly, stoking her fires
of lust.

For what
seemed like hours Mistress Indra took her pleasure as the ‘ribs of pleasure’
stroked her sensitive flesh. She looked down into Al’s eyes, which alternately
closed with the delightful sensations she was inflicting on him and opened to
stare into the dark eyes of his Mistress Indra.

Finally
Mistress Indra felt the unmistakable twinges of an orgasm approaching- an orgasm
which had been so long in coming she had almost forgotten it. Her body told her
what to do: she reached for her nipples with both hands and pumped her hips up
and down, driving the captive meat deep into her. Her orgasm exploded in her
belly, and she held still while she clamped down on the intruder, wiggling
slightly as she Experienced the delight.

Finally she
relaxed, the spasms ended, and let go of her nipples, which she knew
would be sore for half an hour- she’d gotten a little carried away! She moved
up, feeling Al’s hot, rigid and unfulfilled cock slide out of her, leaving her
with an ‘empty’ feeling. She stepped off the bed and reached over for Al’s
cock. “Awww… you didn’t come, did you, Sir? Gee, that’s too bad. Maybe
later!”

Mistress
Indra picked up her panties and watched Al’s face as she pulled them up over
her ‘treasure chest’. Then she rearranged her bra, pulled her uniform shift
back on, and patted Al gently on the side of his sweating, frustrated face.
Without a word, she left and locked the door behind her. Al stared with wide
eyes at the blank surface of the door.

**Part Three**

Al stared at
the door, then at the blank monitor, then at the door, for what seemed like
hours but really was only thirty minutes. Finally he heard a key in the door and
Mistress Indra entered with another maid. “Hello, Mister Al! Meet my friend
Frieda.” The other maid stepped forward, looked at him, and broke into
giggles.

Frieda wore
the same maid’s uniform as Mistress Indra, except larger. She was by
appearance and accent Mexican\*, maybe forty, a couple of inches taller than
Mistress Indra, and several pounds heavier. From his position on the bed in the
center of the room, Al guessed she was about 5’8” and about 240 pounds.

No way did
Frieda’s shape hourglass-sexy, but she looked really attractive in a strange
sexy-mama sort of way. Much of her excess weight was in her bust (which
projected like a cliff over her belly) and her butt (which almost made it look
like she was smuggling pillows under her dress). All in all, she was
extra-voluptuous in a lush homespun sort of way, but then again nobody had asked
Al. And they weren’t about to!

Mistress
Frieda (Al decided he’d better think of her that way from the start) was still
giggling so hard that her sides hurt. “Indra, this is crazy! I should know- my
boyfriend Jorge liked to get tied up too. Thank you so much for inviting me to
your party!”

Mistress
Indra pulled off her uniform shift and pulled up a chair on the far side the
bed. She slid her panties off and sat down on the edge of the chair, her legs
spread. Al stared at her open crotch, his eyes wide with lust. His cock, which
had wilted while they were gone and her was alone with his concerns, had once
again returned to its usual rigidity.

Al’s
attention was pulled away from Mistress Indra by the movement as Mistress Frieda
stood at the side of the bed and unhooked her uniform shift. She pulled it up
and over her head. As it rose, Al watched her broad but firm legs (you stay in
shape being a maid) came into view. The shift rose further, and she showed Al
her firmly girdled belly.

With a final
tug, Mistress Frieda displayed herself in an open-bottom corset over a pair of
white cotton panties. The corset was the old-fashioned boned style with laces-
Al hadn’t seen anything like that since he saw his grandma’s hanging on the
line. The top of it was a bra, of course, but a mega-bra, which struggled to
contain what had to be at least a 48” bust. The bra was really too small for
her, and her boobs made up for the difference by bulging liquidly over the top,
an involuntary push-up effect.

Mistress
Frieda bent slightly, giving Al a view down her stupendous cleavage as she
reached down and pushed her panties down and off. The corset reached halfway
between her waist and her crotch, giving Al a clear view of a bush as thick as a
forest. Between her heavy thighs, he could see that her crotch was as wide as
his hand, maybe more.

The bed
heaved up and down as Mistress Frieda knelt on it and crawled up beside him. She
reached behind his head and loosened his gag. “Mister Al, I need your lips. Do
you promise to be quiet? If you yell or anything like that, I’ll have to gag
you again, and if I’m left unsatisfied, well, Jorge taught me what to do to
keep you in line.” She reached down and gave his balls a gentle squeeze. Al
figured out what she meant and relaxed while she removed the gag from his mouth.

Al needed no
persuasion. “Mistress Frieda, I am happy to be of service to you. There will
be no noise, I promise you.” “Good- thank you. Now be quiet.” Mistress
Frieda dropped the gag beside his head and pivoted on one knee to straddle his
chest; Al looked down his length at her large belly and broad, extravagantly
hairy bush with a mixture of fear and dread which was belied by his tree-like
erection.

Mistress
Frieda smiled at the expression on his face and knee-walked up his body,
reaching down to squeeze his elbows in until his face disappeared between her
thick thighs. Mistress Indra picked up her chair and moved it down to the foot
of the bed where she had a sterling view of his chin mere centimeters away from
Frieda’s thick bush. Through the thick hair, she could see Frieda’s thick
pussy lips hanging heavily down, wetly awaiting Al’s service.

“You know
what you have to do for me, don’t you, Mister Al?”

“Yes, Mistress Frieda,
I do.”

“Tell me what you’re going to do for me!”

“I’m
going to use my tongue, the only thing I have available, to bring you pleasure.
I’m completely bound and can’t reach you with my cock, but I will use my
tongue on your pussy to make you feel all the good sensations you can.”

“That’s the right idea, but you’re going to be gentle and take your time
to make me cum. You’re going to take me slowly to the edge of a huge orgasm
and you’re going to keep me there as long as I want you to. Right?”

“Yes,
Mistress. Since I’m helplessly bound, I know that I can’t come without your
permission, so I will be able to devote myself to your pleasure with no thought
of my own.”

“Very good- at least you know that you can’t come until I
decide you can come. Now shut up and go to work.”

Mistress
Indra watched between Mistress Frieda’s heavy thighs as she moved up over
Al’s face and slowly lowered her incredibly furry bush to his lips. Al
carefully parted her hair with his lips and tongue, his nose filled with her
heady scent, until he could start to work parting her fat pussy lips. Mistress
Frieda groaned and Al looked up across her belly as she began to work her
fingers into the top of her corset, digging for her nipples.

Mistress
Indra put her feet up on the footboard, her nylon-covered thighs spread wide,
and licked her lips as her hands slipped slowly into her crotch. Mistress
Frieda’s knees slipped further apart on the quilt, lowering her pussy onto
Al’s face. Her bulging butt began to make circles so Al’s face was forced to
follow her.

After a
minute or so of Al’s tender ministrations, Mistress Frieda- her face shining
with a thin film of passion sweat- reached down to unhook her corset. As it
sprang free, her belly surged out and her heavy breasts tumbled free, jiggling
massively. She tossed the sturdy garment to the side and devoted both hands to
her nipples, twisting them and pinching them until she winced.

Mistress
Frieda’s squirming became more and more vigorous, but Al worked desperately
and passionately as his deepest fears and delights were realized as- helplessly
bound by his own hands- he was forced to sexually service two strange women,
with no possibility of his own orgasm. Her meaty crotch skimmed his face
lightly, and he struggled to stroke her sensitive flesh gently, to bring her
slowly to her own peak of pleasure.

Al’s face
was wet with Mistress Frieda’s passionate juices before her guttural sounds
became loud enough for him to hear. Actually, Mistress Indra was making almost
as much noise as her own excitement had her on the verge of her own orgasm, but
years of masturbation had taught her, like it had Al, that the best orgasm is an
orgasm delayed, and she dragged it out as long as she could.

Finally
Mistress Frieda decided her time had come. “Okay, Mister Al, you may make me
cum now! Make it slow and make it last as long as you can.” She lowered her
crotch to Al’s face, and Mistress Indra watched as Mistress Frieda’s ass
cheeks enveloped his chin.

Al reached
out to her clit with his tongue, carefully circling her clit. Mistress Frieda
began to buck frantically, making Al struggle to maintain contact with her.
Finally, knowing her own orgasm depended on it, she forced her hips more or less
still, and Al sucked her clit deep into his mouth.

“Ahhh… that’s it… ahhh… “
Mistress Indra got off her chair and knelt beside Al’s head, wrapping her arms
around Mistress Frieda’s chunky body. As Al worked desperately at the thick
clit, Mistress Indra bent her head to bite on Mistress Frieda’s nipples as her
hands worked desperately at her own crotch. Mistress Frieda grabbed Indra’s
head and held it to her heaving breasts.

Mistress
Indra’s orgasm broke first, and in her passion she bit down hard on Mistress
Frieda’s nipples. Mistress Frieda screamed throatily and started her own
orgasm. She threw her weight down hard on Al’s face, her hips humping back and
forth, as her juices flooded out onto his helpless face.

A minute or
so later, the two maids sagged to the bed, their arms around each other, and
covered Al’s head and body with a tangle of satiated female flesh. A few more
minutes later, they dragged themselves to their feet, giggling happily as they
watched Al’s frustrated struggling, his swollen cock giving mute testimony to
his need for release.

After the two
ladies quickly dressed, Mistress Frieda picked up the third DVD and slipped it
into the PC as Mistress Indra replaced the gag in Al’s mouth. As the FBI
warning flashed across the screen, they pushed Mistress Indra’s cart out the
door with a cheery “Don’t worry, Mister Al- we’ll be back after our shift
is over!”

(\* Author’s
note- please don’t accuse me of bigotry; Mexico has some of the most beautiful
girls in the universe. I just needed a lady of the described characteristics,
and Mexico also makes some of the best of those, too. -- RS)
