---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: In the Vice
authors:
- Rbbral
tags:
- M-f
- latex
- bond
- cons
- X
date: 2005-08-07 00:00:00
---

In the Vice by Rbbral

IN THE VICE

(This little story is written with acknowledgements, a great appreciation,
and apologies, to JG Leathers. Those of you familiar with his work and
writing will note in a scene, or two, I have unashamedly plagiarised his
“Creature”, a contraption so wonderful and devious it is hard to imagine.
I do this with the best of intentions. My own imagination has not yet reached
his limitless one. But I am still striving).

**Chapter One**

“We want you to work undercover for us.”

“Why me? I’m in fraud, I’ve never worked in vice.”

“Precisely, the players here don’t know you, you’re clean.”

Detective Inspector King smiled; as head of vice he had a certain charm,
a bit of a ladies man. Detective Sergeant Dee Long was in fraud and enjoyed
her work; she thought she was a good cop, pulling in the bad guys. She
was a real beauty, which was why King and his bosses higher up wanted her
transferred to vice. Tall, muscular and athletic, she took karate, judo,
the whole lot; she felt she could take care of herself. She would need
to, she thought. The story was this.

Women were going missing. Four of them to be precise, but not hookers,
these were high-class call girls based out of the top hotels. Vice had
tried everything, but they had simply disappeared. The only common thread
was an escort agency, which on the face of it seemed legit; they didn’t
seem behind it, if they were then they were very good at it. So the plan
was that she’d be set up as an escort; a simple cover, single woman, secretary,
needs some extra cash – the old story.

“Nervous about it?”

“Yes, a little, not keen on giving away my virginity for the job.” King
raised his eyebrows. “Just joking, I’m a big girl, I can look after myself.”

We’ll see about that, thought King. She was certainly bright, strong
and fit; let’s see how she fares under pressure. The agency was run by
Kathy Marr; mid forties, attractive and seemingly upper class. She immediately
took to Dee. She laid out the rules, Dee would keep 70% of her initial
fee, for dinner, theatre or whatever, if they wanted anything beyond then
it was up to the girl, but, Kathy noted, turning down a client was rather
frowned upon.

Dee was broad-minded and felt, like the actresses that given the right
context and if it got the job done, that it might be necessary. She also
felt she could talk her way out of most situations. Anyway, this was a
possible step up the ladder. Find the women and there would be commendations
galore.

For the first month all went well, she went out a couple of times a
week with the clients, who were all seemingly well vetted. They ranged
in age and race but were all well mannered, pleasant and apparently well
off. Once she was required to have sex and it was all rather perfunctory,
like a one night-stand. Good messages got back to Kathy, who was impressed,
booking her regularly. Dee had to move the case along and under king’s
instructions gently raised the name of two of the missing women. She said
she had been an acquaintance of theirs at the gym and they had mentioned
how she could make some more money. Kathy was cautious and seemed a little
wary, saying the girls had simply lost contact with her, and she assumed
they did not want to carry on in the business. Dee pushed a little further
– what about her clients? Maybe they might know. Kathy again hesitated.

“I don’t know. Well, you see both of them catered to a small number
of our special clients….they did very well. These men …and women required
discretion so…I doubt they would know.”

“Well, there’s no harm in trying is there. Maybe I could escort one
of these clients, just gently mention their names. I can do it Kathy, I’m
very discreet.”

“Yes, my dear I know, you are getting rave reviews, but when I say special
interests…well I mean slightly more way out…how do I say it…kinky?”

“Oh, I see, spanking and the like.”

“Well yes, and a little more than that, dressing up, a little bondage,
BDSM, you know the thing. But only if the girls were truly consenting did
I allow them with these clients. Of course the fees are considerably more.”
She smiled and Dee thought maybe she knew more than she is saying. Only
one way to find out she thought, she was getting nowhere at present.

“I can do it Kathy. I’m broad-minded, try me out, if it doesn’t work
out then fine, I’ll go back to regular escort.” To Kathy, this was obviously
a chance for her to make more money; she thought Dee was a natural.

“Okay Dee, I’ll try you out, next time we have a call from one of our
special clients I’ll see if I can do something for you.”

Dee reported back to King, who was pleased at the progress and said
for these special clients they would set up surveillance. That made Dee
feel happier, having a crew of four within range. A week later she got
a call from Kathy, tomorrow night a client required some company. His needs
were specific and prior to going to his apartment she was to go to the
office and change, under Kathy’s guidance. The client’s (Kurt) clothing
requirements were very specific. She reported back to King and they would
stake out the office and, as soon as she left, the client’s apartment.
All next day Dee was nervous. Was she in too deep? This was the only way
of moving the case along. King was competent, and how else was she to find
the women?

She arrived at the office and Kathy let her in, smiling and telling
her not to be so nervous. They went to the back room, which was a bedroom
– Kathy slept over on occasions. Then Dee saw the clothes laid out on the
bed and took a small step back, Kathy gently took her arm.

“Okay Dee, it’s okay. Look, they’re only clothes, and you will wear
this full cover cape – look, neck to ankles at all times. That is the way
he likes it, no harm will come to you, I promise, he is a gentleman.” It
took Dee no time to realize the clothes were made of latex; even the smell
pervaded the small room. She’d heard of some people’s kink for rubber and
seen the odd girl wear some in the clubs and had heard of the fetish clubs
where people dressed and partied in it. But she had never seen it close
up or worn it. Well, it was too late to back out now. The stakeout team
was out there, and somewhere so was Kurt.

“Okay, in for a penny. “ She said and started to strip. When naked and
a little embarrassed, Kathy said to her.

“My, Dee, but you have a superb body, you must work out a lot.” She
passed a can of talc to her. “You will need to put a lot of this on, otherwise
you will take all night, all over now. Okay, excellent, now let’s start
with the garter belt and stockings. Bet you haven’t worn a garter belt
in some time.”

Indeed she hadn’t, thought Dee as she drew it up her thighs and round
her waist, then sitting down she pulled the first stocking, in gunmetal
grey up her leg. It was very tight but with the assistance of the talc
she was soon clipping it on to the suspender. Then she repeated it with
the other stocking.

“No creases now, Kurt doesn’t like creases, he’s quite fastidious.”
Dee pulled and eased out all the creases until her legs were like two shiny,
smooth gun barrels. The bra was of a similar colour and Kathy helped her
on with it. It cupped her ample breasts firmly and Dee quickly noticed
a sensation at her nipples.

“Oh yes, you have noticed the hard nodules on the inside of the nipples.
Kurt assures me it will keep you alert and attentive!” It sure would, thought
Dee, also the stockings, which were less cool and clammy now and were warming
to her body.

“I’m afraid Kurt insists on these panties, which you will see has similar
nodules opposite your ….er pussy. The larger nodule here will prise you
open a little and activate your…clitoris.”

“You have to be kidding, I can’t wear them. What sort of guy is this?”
She stared at the panties, also in grey, and the half-inch nodule at the
upper end of the crotch.

“He’s a very devious and rich man Dee. He likes his women to be sexually
aroused at all times, yet perversely he has to do very little. He likes
watching women on the edge, so to speak, while in his company. It is highly
unlikely you will have sex with him tonight, but you will be aroused.”

“Jeez, this is weird stuff……but no turning back now, I suppose.”

“No, my dear, not really.” Kathy said, thinking of the extra fee, and
a happy client. Dee, with a slight wince drew the panties up her legs and
very slowly up her waist.

“Ahhh, oohh that is strange, not painful nor comfortable either, just
a little…strange. Tell me, did Jo and Marj dress in all this stuff?” Kathy
hesitated a second and said.

“Oh yes, both of them and some other girls too. After a while both of
them seemed to really like it. I’m…surprised they didn’t continue….strange,
them just breaking contact like that.”

“Yes it is, so they just…disappeared?” Dee smoothed the panties out,
a slight bulge at her pudenda.

“Well I don’t know about disappeared, you seem to be thinking of some
kind of foul play, they just lost contact.” Kathy seemed perturbed and
handed Dee a pair of thin grey latex gloves, also in grey and shoulder
length. Now it had become a bit quiet and Dee without prompting began to
pull one of them up her arm, and then the other.

“You did that very well, are you sure you haven’t worked in rubber before?”
Said Kathy with a smile, the tension in the room now eased.

“No, no, but it is not uncomfortable at all, and the sheen and….tightness
does, well, flatter.”

“Absolutely Dee, and mainline fashion has never really appreciated this.
Of course after a while you will find yourself warming up and sweating.
Maybe that’s what puts some people off. But you walk down the street in
this,” she held up a shiny black rubber dress, “and you would cause car
crashes galore.” She smiled and Dee could only agree as she stepped into
the dress. It was widely flared to mid-thigh and had a tight waist and
firm cupped breasts pointing out. She slid her hands down the sleeves,
which were tight at the wrists but loose to the shoulder. She shivered
a little as Kathy drew up the back zip. The neck was white, high and tight
and the cuffs were also white. She heard a click at the back of her neck
but thought nothing of it.

“My goodness Dee, you look fabulous, more so than the other girls, I
think this outfit was made for you, or you for the outfit.” Dee looked
in the mirror and had to ruefully admit she looked pretty stunning. The
contrast of black dress with grey stockings and white collar and cuffs
and the tight latex enhancing every contour of her already well-tuned body
– no doubt about it, she looked simply great. If King and the stakeout
crew saw her now they’d freak. She chuckled at the thought, when she joined
the cops she didn’t have this in mind! Kathy told her to sit and then placed
one foot in an ankle high, three inch heeled granny shoe and tightly laced
it up.

“How are you in heels?”

“Okay, I think, these aren’t too bad.”

“Well Kurt likes them a lot higher, up to seven inches, believe it or
not, but first time out three inches should be fine. Don’t want you falling
over on your first date. Now then, the silver belt.” She wrapped around
her waist a thick, engraved silver belt; it was wider at the front, extending
up to her breasts and down to her pubis, narrower at her hips and then
wider at her back.

“Breathe in.” Kathy said and pulled it in.

“Woo, that’s tight.” Dee breathed uneasily.

“Meant to be, I’m afraid, but it shows off your nice waist, and nicer
boobs I may add.” With a click the belt was on and Dee admired the engraving.
At the belly button there was a two inch diameter ring, in gold! She examined
it, turning it in her gloved hands.

“Gold, my dear, and the belt is solid silver. Only the best for Kurt,
now the cape.” She draped it over her shoulders. It had a high thick neck,
which forced Dee’s head marginally up; and a series of stud fastenings
down to her ankles. Only her head and ankles were now visible and the cape
was heavy, almost dropping her shoulders. Two slits at the side allowed
her hands through, but they too were stud fastened.

“Wow, that is heavy, one minute I’m chilled and the next I’m going to
be a pool of sweat.”

“That my dear is the reason why fetishists love rubber so much – and
the constriction of course. Anyway you look fabulous and no one will know
how you are dressed under the cape, just someone prepared for the rain.
It also has a hood, but we’ll leave that down for now.  The cab is
paid for already, he knows where to drop you. Come on.” Getting accustomed
to the heels, the warmth and weight of the cape and the nodules at her
nipples and clitoris, Dee followed Kathy to the back door, out and into
the waiting cab. Kathy pecked her on the cheek.

“Good luck Dee, see you soon, you will be returned here later.”

“Can’t I just go home?” She whispered.

“No, all your keys and possessions are here, remember. And besides…”
She lowered her voice to a whisper and smiled. “I have to get you out of
your rig, I’m afraid the belt and collar are locked onto you and only Kurt
and I have the keys!”

“Wha… but…” But Kathy had already closed the door with a smile and the
cab pulled away. Dee didn’t feel quite so comfortable now, being driven
to an unknown destination effectively in rubber bondage. She hoped the
team were tailing her, if not then she could disappear now, forever, just
like the other four girls. She tried to relax, she was a pro after all;
she could look after herself. Kathy seemed okay, a little distant on occasion,
but she somehow trusted her. After a while they stopped at a block of expensive
apartments. She did not recognise it but it was in Kensington, and nothing
was cheap there. The cabby opened the door and she stepped out, her hands
still under the cape. He pushed a button at the door and then left, saying.

“Goodnight love, have a good time.” She waited, rather embarrassed at
the door until the elevator was opened and a man approached the door and
invited her to enter. He was about 40, tall, slim, slightly greying but
handsome.

“And you are Dee, hello Dee.” He smiled and pecked her cheek. They entered
the elevator and Dee noted her heart was pounding. She felt him looking
at her, even examining her.

“You are quite beautiful, Dee, despite the cape covering you up. Are
you nervous?” he had a slight German, or maybe Swiss accent, but it was
cultured.

“Yes, yes I suppose I am, a bit. I don’t know what to do, to expect.”

“Don’t worry Dee, there is little for you to do, you will enjoy the
evening I guaranty, although you may find it a little…unconventional. I
am not an ogre, just a man with…specialized tastes.” They exited the elevator
and entered one of four doors in the corridor.

“Let me take your cape, we will have a chat and a drink, and then to
the theatre.” Dressed like this, she thought – oh my God, I will die of
embarrassment.

“You will wear your cape at all times, do not fear, it may look a little
strange but no one will say anything, we’re all far too civilised for that.”
He chuckled and undid the studs at her throat and disrobed her and then
stood back.

“Oh my Lord, you are stunning Dee, you fit perfectly into the outfit,
tell me, how does it feel?”

“Well, I started out cold, but now I am warm and a little sweaty.”

“Good, excellent, that is exactly how you should feel.” He handed her
a glass of wine and invited her to sit on the couch. She looked around
the room, admiring it; it was large, expensive and tastefully decorated.
This man had big money, but he was not a show-off. He was quiet and almost
deferential. He sat opposite her and made no overt move as they discussed
how she had joined Kathy’s company. She had crossed her shiny rubber-clad
legs demurely but the short skirt kept riding up her thighs and she kept
pulling it down, now to his amusement.

“So, do you want to know about me?” He suddenly asked.

“Umm, no, well you’re the client, I mean should I?” He laughed aloud
and then stared at her.

“I designed this costume you are wearing. I have some other items I
would like you to wear some other times. I hope there will be other times.
Don’t you think you should know a little about me?  Or am I just a
means to make money?”

“Look I’m sorry, only I thought, well, you call all the shots. Yes,
well anyway, the costume is very…flattering.” And she smiled.

“Yes?” He encouraged her.

“And the panties and bra are… intriguing.” He laughed out loud again.
She liked his laugh.

“Oh, you British, why don’t you say what you really mean? Come on Dee,
you are a stunningly beautiful woman, dressed in tight black and grey rubber.
What is going through your head, mmm?” If Dee were to get any information
on the missing women then she would have to open up. She spoke with care.

“Okay, the rubber clothing is…fine, a little warm and damp but I don’t
have a problem with it. You’ll see I’m sweating quite a bit in it and the
nodules are doing some strange things to me, as I’m sure you designed them
to.” Here he nodded with a smile. “But tell me, Kathy said I am locked
in this, the collar and the belt, I can’t get out of it, why?” He shrugged.

“An honest question, I am rich enough to satisfy my fantasies. I love
beautiful women, yet I love them submissive to me, to be held powerless
by me, and yet outwardly normal. Many women enjoy this, believe it or not.
You will find out soon. To be out in public and in submissive bondage;
it is very exciting, for both parties. I enjoy normal sex, but I find it
a little boring without the spice of rubber clothing or bondage. 
There…..you have it, am I a nutcase then? I hope not, just a fairly harmless
man with a strange quirk.” He spread his hands and smiled. Dee thought,
is this a man that can make four women disappear, not likely, although
he did have the money. She would have to learn more.

“Well thank you for being so open. I admit I didn’t know much about
this stuff before, but as you say, no one has been killed yet have they?”

“Not to my knowledge Dee, but I don’t quite follow your line of thought.”
Dee took a breath.

“Well, let me expand a little.” And she explained her cover, of knowing
these women in the gym. And now they had disappeared. She waited, her heart
thumping, had she gone too far? Kurt looked at her, appraising her and
then spoke quietly.

“You think I whisked these two women away to a secret dungeon, to sell
them in the white slave trade. No Dee, I knew them both, they would dress
for me and we would go out and we would have fun Dee, fun. And then we
just lost contact, simple as that, they moved on to other things perhaps.
By the way, as we are both being so honest,” and here he smiled, “there
were two other girls who just dropped out as well, Lara and Michelle, I
think. I don’t suppose Kathy mentioned them, as they weren’t friends of
yours, were they?”

“Er, no, I haven’t heard of them.” Dee got the feeling that somehow
Kurt was playing with her.

“Do you believe me now?”

“Yes, yes of course, I suppose if I didn’t then I would be in trouble.”
Kurt again smiled pleasantly.

“Yes I expect you would be. You are a very strong, assertive woman,
and very smart too. Were you just friends or are you a private detective
perhaps?” Dee swallowed slowly, is he on to me already, he can’t be. He
must be just playing his little game.

“No, I’m not a P.I. Would it make any difference? Here I am…all rubbered
up for you.” She was calling his bluff.

“Dee, how can I tell you I have nothing to hide – except my little peccadilloes
that is? If you wish to, investigate me at your leisure, but we can have
some enjoyment along the way, can we not.”

“Fine by me, no, I am not going to investigate you or anyone; I was
just concerned for my friends, that’s all.”

“I understand and I wish you well in your search, if I can help in any
way you will tell me won’t you? You know I do miss their company, but now,
well I have you. And now we must go, the theatre awaits. Stand up and I
will put your cape back on. Firstly let me adjust your belt here. Do you
like the engraving? So intricate.” He took one of her wrists gently; she
could feel his warm breath on her face, she breathed slowly. Then he took
her other wrist and as he seemed about to kiss her he gently brought them
parallel with the belt ring and pressed them slowly inward. She heard two
clicks as his lips brushed hers. She looked down and found her wrists bound
at the belt ring by two small rings in each rubber cuff that she had simply
not noticed before. She tried to wriggle.

“A little trick my dear. Do not try to escape it is quite futile. As
I said I like women subdued and so you are, but nothing harmful will come
to you, quite the opposite, I think you will have a very pleasant evening.
You will not be kidnapped or sold into slavery. We will simply go to the
theatre.”

“How do I know I can…trust you?”

“You don’t, but you should, I want you to trust me.” He draped the cape
over her as she stood powerless, and pressed the studs from neck to ankle.
He then took a light coat for himself, a white scarf and kissed her tenderly
on the cheek. She found this so strange, she was in bondage and yet he
was treating her like porcelain, a strange date indeed. After a twenty
minute cab ride, where they did not exchange words, they were at the theatre.
He took her up to a private box at the side of the stage. There was a bottle
of champagne in a cooler on the floor!

The play was wonderful and she would have liked to enjoy it more, but
for Kurt’s attentions. The champagne was great and she didn’t really care
if the audience could see him placing the glass to her lips to drink. At
the interval she could not move and Kurt did not allow her to. Their conversation
was on the play, no one watching would know that she was encased in rubber
and handcuffed to a silver belt! She felt strange, being flattered by this
handsome, enigmatic man. But now she was sweating profusely, she could
feel it dripping down inside her dress and puddling in her seat. She felt
it at her brow and cheeks and he dabbed her gently with his silk handkerchief.

Just into the second half she felt his hand at the studs on the side
of her cape. Then she felt his hand inside her cape. She looked at him,
shaking her head imperceptibly, but he smiled benignly, and she felt him
slowly pull up her skirt and without turning to look at her, started to
caress her pubis. She could do nothing but sit and sweat as he pressed
and rubbed and pinched her. Within three minutes the nodules and his attentions
had brought her to a shaking orgasm. She tried to stay as quiet and unmoving
as possible but she still shook and shuddered in her chair. He looked across
at her with a proud smile on his face. She tried to squirm away but to
no avail as he continued to play with her through most of the second act.
Her hair became damp and he dabbed her brow but he continued his assault
on her. She maybe came 5 or 6 times, the forty minutes passing in a blur.
The play ended, the lights came up and they slowly left the box. She was
still shaking a little and they drew a few stares, but she was too shocked
to care.

“Let’s walk a little; we won’t get a cab here.” Her hands were still
cuffed in front of her under the cape. She wobbled slightly, she felt weak
and in need of air. He put his arm around her shoulder and she leant into
him. They walked for half an hour through the busy London streets, no one
aware of her plight. She wondered if she was still under observation. She
hoped so, although perversely she did not feel threatened by this man.
He hailed a taxi and there was no conversation as they drove to Kathy’s
office. Strangely, she was almost disappointed she was not going back to
his place. She slithered in the car seat, her sweat and other juices collecting
in her moist panties as they arrived at the office.

“Wait here a minute.” He said to the cabby and helped the handcuffed
Dee out. He led her to the back door and held her by the shoulders and
looked deep into her eyes.

“Well Dee, I had a wonderful night. You are superb company, beautiful
and inquisitive, also someone who is prepared to experiment. I like that
in a woman. I would like to see you again, more than one time, but I leave
that to you.” He kissed her firmly on the lips and she opened to accept
him, her hands were crushed against her stomach; she felt his hands on
her hard nipples, part of her did not want him to stop, she wanted him
to take her there, right up against the door. But he stepped back, pressed
the bell and turned to the cab. He did not look back but she heard a faint
“au revoir” and he was gone. Seconds later Kathy was at the door. She took
her in.

“Well Dee dear, how did it go? Well I hope.”

“Yes, yes, it was…fine. He’s quite….different, isn’t he? Quite a strange
gentleman.”

“So I hear my dear, now let’s get you out of this so you can go home.”
Dee was now collecting her thoughts as Kathy took off her cape.

“Ah, still has you cuffed has he, well, each to their own I say.” She
unclipped the cuffs and Dee dropped her arms in relief.

“Were the other girls cuffed too?” She asked almost disinterestedly.

“Some were, yes, so I hear, but you’re the first that’s been returned
cuffed. You must be the special one.” She chuckled.

“I hardly think so, after one date. What a term for it, a date. Tied
up, sweating in a rubber cocoon while he assaulted me with his hand.”

“You sound like you didn’t much approve.” Kathy said as she unlocked
the belt.

“Well approve is hardly the word. I was his plaything, something to
show off, he played with me all night.” She let out a gasp as the belt
was removed and Kathy then released the back of the dress.

“Okay, so you don’t want to see him again, that’s okay.”

“No, no wait a minute, I didn’t say that.” Here Kathy chuckled. “It
was just so strange.” Kathy helped her off with the dress, on seeing the
stains and wetness at her crotch and down her stockings, she said.

“Well my dear, I don’t think you hated it all that much, now be honest.”

“Oh Jesus, it was so….compelling, but I wanted to have some say in it.
God, I don’t know, yes it was certainly strange but also quite exciting,
just to be played like that, and not being able to do anything, really
strange but well yes, exciting too. I’m not making any sense.” Kathy chuckled
again as she unlaced her bootees, again noticing the stains down her stockings
and around her buttocks. Kathy left her to shower; Dee felt exhausted as
she stripped off gloves, stockings and sticky, smelly panties. She was
almost ashamed, almost, but as she reflected she was also a little fascinated
by this man and his bizarre tastes. She dried off and put on her street
clothes. As she looked at the latex clothes and was about to leave, she
said.

“Did all the other girls make…such a mess?” Kathy smiled a knowing smile.

“Why are you so interested in the others? Yes, actually most of them
did. But not as much as you Dee, I think he knows precisely what buttons
to press with you. But then maybe you had a predilection for this anyway.
Think about it.” She raised her eyebrows and patted her arm as Dee left.

And Dee did think about it that night and into work the next day.

“So, had a good evening?” Said D.I.King, with a wink.

“Drinks, the theatre and a quick necking, all part of the undercover
job, right? You seem to be enjoying this. Anyway, I’m glad to have you
lot tailing me. I don’t know if he is our man, but he did have contact
with all four women.” King really perked up at this.

“Excellent, well, we’ll run checks on him. Good work, you do realise
that if he wants to see you again, you’ll have to go?”

“Oh, yes, I realise that.” But she had already made up her mind. She
would see this strange man again. Kathy phoned the next day. Kurt had been
very impressed and wanted to see her again, soon!

“I don’t want to see him straight away, let him wait a bit, shall we?”

“Good idea, Dee, you’re getting to know the game better than me. Okay,
I’ll let him know you’re not available for a week or so.” Dee took a breath
and then replied.

“Got anyone else on your kinky list?” She wanted to move on, to other
clients of the four girls.

“My, you’re keen all of a sudden.” Dee wondered if she was pushing it
too far.

“Well, you saw my clothes didn’t you?”

“Indeed I did. Well I have three male and two female…kinky clients,
as you call them. Maybe you would like a change, with one of the ladies.
And in case you were wondering, yes, your friends did see these women,
and the three men, so if you are still playing detective….”

“I’m not playing detective, I’m making money…and broadening my horizons.”
Kathy laughed at this.

“But I’d like to know where they are, wouldn’t you if they were your
friends?”

“Okay darling, don’t get touchy. I was just kidding a little. I’ll see
what I can do for you, this afternoon okay? Are you up for it, or a bit
tired?”

“No, I’m ready, anytime.” She said, a little nervous now. Two hours
later Kathy phoned.
 
 

[story continues
in Chapter 2](in_the_vice2.html)
