---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesad/dangerous_leigh.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Dangerous Leigh
authors:
- The Third Thane
tags:
- Sbf
- fantasy
- cons
- X
date: 2006-04-27 00:00:00
---

**Chapter1**

Her wrists and shoulders began to ache.
This was tight, but then Leigh had been in tight spots before.
She was kneeling with her back to a metal column in a darkened basement.
Her wrists were handcuffed over her head, behind the pole.
Her ankles were tied and cinched, forming an X behind the pole as well.
The rope tightened over her white vinyl boots.
More rope, again knotted and cruelly cinched, looped around her waist and
held the small of her back firm to the unforgiving steel.

Her costume ordinarily included bright red boy-style shorts. These had been casually thrown in a pile across the room.
A vibrator, strung snug to her pussy, took its place. The vibrator's cord was plugged to a clicking timer. 20
minutes?… 2 minutes? She could only guess how long before it joined the party.
Her mask was long gone. The fiend had left her tight T-shirt, white and emblazed with _**"DL"*** in a
lightning symbol. The bottom of the shirt was rolled up to reveal her round 35C breasts.
They were perfect. Her swollen nipples painfully reminded her of the biting hanger clamps.
Likely, her nipples had turned bright red. She couldn’t look.
The harness forcing the ball-gag tight between her teeth was tied to the metal pole as well. A 6 inch length
of rope stubbed the top of her head fast to the column._

_Leigh could look slightly up at her impending fate. The ball-gag was pierced by a narrow rubber tube.
The clear tubing snaked up three feet to a hanging medical bag. The skull and bones warned of its toxic yellow contents.
Only a sliver of melting ice plugged the poison’s journey to her helpless throat.
A moment of struggling might dislodge the icy dam. Her legs tensed with the sound. The fucking vibrator clicked ON!_

_Justine was starting to actually enjoy being divorced.
Married at 22, her life just couldn’t get on track.
Not that her ex, Jason, was a jerk. He was really a swell guy. He was careful, calculating. Extreme for
him was permitting their gas tank to get below a quarter empty between refills.
Not Mr. Right, but Mr. Steady. Sex was routine and fun, but seldom approaching wild. She could never really share, not her big secret anyway.
How do you let drop across the breakfast table that you long to be a heroine, tied and
ravaged by a super villain? That bondage and peril make you cum? They remained friends.
He still mowed her small yard, and there was even the occasional booty call. 27 and happily divorced.
Justine was now free, totally free to explore the dark._

_Her preoccupation with being tied up had been with her for as long as she had memories. A constant mental
shadow. As a girl, she would watch old shows, Dudley Do-Right, Penelope Pitstop, The Man from Uncle.
She would sneak glances at the other kids. Was it only her waiting anxiously for the tied damsel?_

_For
Justine, a defining moment was seeing Linda Carter as Wonder Woman. Every week she wound up bound with
her own golden lasso, helpless and in distress. The mortal peril was the money shot. Heroines loved life,
doing Justice was risky and sexy. She got wet just letting her mind caress the thoughts.
Battles with evil, a life lived dangerously. "Dangerous Leigh" It became her own secret
identity, an alter ego. Mild mannered Justine, hiding Dangerous Leigh._

_Self bondage always begins as a necessary inconvenience. Justine crafted the art when she had her own small apartment in college.
Boyfriends would indulge her bondage fantasies at times. She worried that they would get spooked if she revealed her full fetish.
Real live Super Heroine action. Impending sexual peril. She continued to practice while she was married.
Unfortunately, the vigilance and precautions needed to prevent Jason from discovering her hobby cut into the realism.
He would have freaked. Single, she could again refine and enhance her adventures._

_Justine purchased a townhouse in the city. They used to be called row homes. Now it was pitched as an end unit.
An alley ran behind the buildings, with two small garages. Built in the 40's, it had been renovated by the last owner.
To Justine's delight, the narrow cellar remained untouched. Creaky open stairs, cold brick walls, exposed ceiling boards and several
naked bulbs with pull strings. She later covered the high windows looking to the sidewalk.
A wall and a closet with a locking door, fashioned from old wainscoat boards, covered the rear portion of the space.
There were even three metal support columns. It was Silence of the Lambs heaven.
Her realtor worried that the basement would hurt resale. For our heroine, it closed the deal._

_The vibrator hummed its magic. It worked into that very goddamn spot. Her conscious started to swim when she tasted the first trickle.
Just cold water. Not much time. Must get busy. She could lower her hands somewhat. Red fingernails could touch the ropes tying her
head to the pole, but the knots were far out of reach. She figured maybe 10 minutes. Likely less.
She tasted the water constantly now. No flavor yet._

_Leigh had picked handcuffs before, but only with a wire, and only with her hands in front.
Had to concentrate. Hard.
If she could just see the keyholes. The tube and bag danced slightly as she strained to look. Bubbles
inside, that can't be good._

_Her nipples burned in protest. No shaking those vicious clamps off, their
serrated teeth bit too deep. She could feel the keyholes on the top. Could she find some bit of room to work.
Maybe. She worked the cuff... suddenly her knees buckled from the withering organism.
Her inner thighs tremored. An involuntary yank on the cuffs dug into already sore wrists.
Mother of God, her body felt it to the marrow. It stroked her taut frame for almost a full minute.
She would have slumped forward if she were not roped and chained.
Her head pulled down with a gagged, desperate moan.
Man those clamps hurt._

_The hum continued in the dim light._

_No mercy._

_Wait. That, that taste. Could it be..._*Chapter2**

Genuine struggling started. That quick taste, it was harsh,
acidic, it lingered on her tongue. Leigh had to work fast. The muscle fatigue
from the wrenching orgasm was wearing off, but the buzz tethered to her leg
whispered the promise of yet another. And not too long. A second taste came.
Damn, it was nasty. It was supposed to be. She twisted her wrists, causing them
to yelp painfully back for each smidgen of slack she earned. It wasn’t enough.
Her jagged movements caused the clamps on her tits to bounce and nip. She still
couldn’t see the cuffs, couldn’t form a plan to free their ratchet. Two quick
pulls on the cuffs, born of frustration, did no good. The tub to her gag was
filling with the acrid liquid. Another taste passed, stronger this time. She
needed time to think, to manage the problem. There was no time left, yet time
itself hung in stillness. The cuffs had no give for her chaffed wrists. That
buzzing intruded with the beginnings of a tingle, a sting on her etched nipples.
She could feel her blood moving, marching against her. A flicker was building in
her thighs again. She had to escape. She closed her eyes and bit into the
hardened rubber. Everything pulled to nowhere. Must escape before the end came.
But only Leigh came, a second aching assault.

Justine was rather plain in high school, but blossomed in college. She grew to
5'7'', and much of that legs. Her hair was curly and dirty blond, flowing down
to below her shoulders. That color got a little help. If she were not shaved
clean, her bush would have betrayed a darker shade of brown. Her eyes were the
color of coffee, big and electric. The main attraction was her round, tight ass.
Smooth, it was shaped like a summer-plucked peach. Just this side of J Lo's, it
demanded notice but didn't shout for it. No guy walked passed without stealing a
second look. She received lots of attention when she entered a room. One hair
flip, and any audience was hers.

Self bondage is an acquired skill. It is inspiration, sparked by primal desire,
but tempered by trial and unforgiving error. Over the years Justine amassed an
impressive collection of cuffs, both leather and metal. She had gags of every
variety, some with crossing straps literally encasing her head. Her tool box had
duct tape, packing tape, and ace bandages. Tiny clamps from various sources made
her smirk with pride. Blindfolds, butt plugs, padlocks old and new, and hundreds
of feet of well maintained rope completed the equipment. These could be mixed
and matched for any predicament. Numerous "I" bolts and rings were screwed
discreetly about her basement. Justine tried scores of vibrators and dildos,
literally filling a drawer. The electric model from Brookstones made those all
but obsolete.

Justine was diligent about realism, but fanatical about safety. A fetish isn't
fun if you’re not around to enjoy another try. Every session had two separate
release mechanisms. Ice was her escape method of choice. It did not rely on
electricity or a clock. It always turned to water... eventually. Experimentation
had produced a fool-proof release system, flexible in its uses and passingly
predictable for timing. A casual visit to a yard sale had turned up a unique set
of Tupperware containers. There were 5 containers, with several clearing missing
and no tops. Each was shaped like a cylinder on its side. They varied in length
and width. Justine found that they could be used to freeze a shaft of ice with
varied sizes to control timing. At the time of freezing, she placed pieces of
cut straw into the water at each end. Once frozen, the straws could be pulled
out, leaving small tunnels near each end of the shaft. String was then threaded
through both holes separately. The ice stick would melt, gradually releasing the
strings. Since the strings never touched, there was no possibility of a foul or
tangle. She would always set up two ice strings. The possibility of a problem
was all but eliminated. Multiple trials had proven the system's merits.

If you’re going to be a Super Heroine, you need the right costume and toys. The
clothes make the girl. Justine knew she wanted boots, knee high and shiny white
vinyl. She chose a pair with a wide heel, a concession for standing. She found
bright red shorts at Victoria’s Secrets. Buying a size small insured they
squeezed her buns, and that both cheeks peeked. Would it be sexy if the of a
hint a thong showed? She thought the better, opting for no underwear. She would
wear a belt, but saved its purchase for later. Ribbed white wife-beaters were
three to a pack at Wall-Mart. With a computer and a trip to the craft store and
she had stenciled the front of each with a logo she had been musing over for a
decade. Black “DL”, set in a gray rain cloud, with lighting striking down. It
looked dangerous enough. The red mask was the trickiest. She cut an oval piece
of red plastic with eyeholes. Justine heated it in water until it was soft, a
technique she learned when molding her karate mouth guard. While warm, she
pressed the mask over her eyes, letting it shape flush to her face. Once stiff,
a little facial cream on the back held it fast to her head. She struck a pose in
front of the mirror, Dangerous Leigh.

Here was real peril. The second orgasm was bad, but number three caused her to
gulp and gag the liquid. There was no stopping its bitter flow. Her knees and
thighs screamed like she had stair-mastered to Brazil and back. She simply could
not pick cuffs without some tool, somewhere. Leigh stopped fussing with the
shackles, settling as much as her bonds would allow. Time was running, running
out. A girl might as well enjoy those final seconds. The Deuce had worked
awfully hard to make her body her enemy. Resolution set in. Number four and it
was coming like a train with a conductor behind schedule. She welcomed its
impact, shuttering. She savored the fierce bit on her titties. The ropes to the
pole flicked tight again. Leigh came with abandon.

**Chapter 3**

Leigh's fourth orgasm flowed into the fifth, almost as if
the energy never stopped. She kept her eyes closed to fully absorb the power.
She was getting weaker. When would it stop. The end had to be soon. Tired as she
was, her body wilted along the metal of the pole. Would she survive for yet
another? She got a precious few minutes before the vibrator fanned her fires
anew. A sixth!? Dangerous Leigh had experienced her share of dire times, but
six! She had never weathered such a pounding before. Her arms couldn’t fight
anymore. Her eyesight was actually getting fuzzy at the edges. That buzzing had
settled into her head, causing it to swim. Her back just started to tense when
she heard ice smack the back of the column, and caught a quick spit of frigid
spray from behind.

People have all types of bizarre pastimes. A video tech in
Justine’s office collected vintage hotel room keys. But if her co-workers truly
knew, they would be shocked by their senior reporter’s transformation. Justine
began to genuinely gather the gear necessary for a super hero.

Luck didn’t smile on our heroine by providing her alien
super parents or a radioactive spider bite. Dangerous Leigh would have to fight
crime without special powers. She chose the tired and true method of the handy
utility belt. She bought a wide white belt from Goodwill. It had two rows of
chrome grommets, a mod throwback to the sixties. She added Velcro pouches to
both sides. She loaded the pockets with a nail file, a lock picking kit and
metal wire, a small mirror, assorted keys, a travel size baby oil and a tiny
flashlight. Everything needed for a quick escape. A razor phone was clipped in
as well. For good measure, she sewed a slim pocket into both boots, each
encasing a thin box-cutter blade. Her personal accessories were ready.

Every crimefighter needs wheels. To work, Justine drove a
sensible BMW 3 series. But in her second garage, parked in backward for quick
exits, sat a 1972 Plymouth Barracuda. The muscle car sported a giant hemi, and
flat black paint job. There were small gauges below the dash reading pressures
she didn’t really need to know. The car wasn’t Barrett Jackson perfect, but it
was damn fun anyway. Ebay rules! Her plates read 2-DNGRS... She would drive the
city at night, full costume, dreaming of villainous plans and exotic perils. The
immense engine growled their collective passion for her secret life. She could
almost see the beam of a spot light casting *DL* on a convenient passing
cloud.

Now for a bad guy. Hell, you can’t really be a super hero without an arch
nemesis. He would personify her desires. She chose the name The Deuce, creating
him as a dark underworld figure. She would never actually see his face, adding
to the mystery. She would only see the crimes, the consequences of his
treachery. She had a twisted mind, relishing sexual torture and slow death. With
his victims, he always left his calling card. It was a two of hearts playing
card, custom printed black instead of red.
