---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesek/hubbies_revenge.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Hubbies Revenge
authors:
- Jan Smith
tags:
- sbf
- bondage
- cons
- XX
date: 2002-08-20 00:00:00
---

8 
8
Hubbies Revenge
by Jan Smith
Hubbies Revenge

Melissa had her toys and loved to play with them. She had a swing set
in her back yard that she had made her husband drag home before it found
its way to the garbage. She had spent many a hour tied to the frame, dreaming
that she was a slave waiting to be sold. Sometimes she would lock herself
to the bars with the key froze in a block of ice. Other times she would
tell her 
husband to tie her and leave her until he came home from work. She
would never let her husband enjoy her playing as it was her private time.
Standing there she would pull on her bonds and wish that she could reach
her aching pussy. Sometimes her husband would try to run his hands over
her body, but she would snap at him and send him away. She was her own
mistress and slave.

One evening she was standing with her arms locked to the overhead cross
beam. She stood there swaying in the cool evening breeze waiting for the
ice to melt from around the key so she could satisfy herself. Standing
there with her eyes closed and her head thrown back she felt a presence.
Opening her eyes and turning her head, she saw her husband standing there.

"What do you want?" she snapped " I am busy now and you know it is my
private time. You can start dinner and I be in in a while."

Her husband turned and headed for the house. He was a pretty good man
and always did her bidding. She liked that. The ice would take about another
half hour. She closed her eyes again and thought about the control she
had, even when tied. Suddenly her hair was grabbed and her head snapped
back. A hand was clamped over her mouth. When it was removed she couldn't
move her lips. A piece of tape was effectively sealing her mouth. Looking
over her shoulder she saw her husband had returned.

"Quit your fucking around and release me!" she wanted to yell, but with
the tape on her mouth not a sound came out.

Without hurry he retied her arms so that they were stretched out further
on the top of the swing. Then he tied her ankles to the bottom of the legs.
Pulling her legs apart pulled down on her arms, and when he was finished
she was stretched so tight that she could not move at all. Because of the
shape of the swing set her ankles were tied further back than her wrists
causing her to be leaned forward. This caused a real strain on her arms
and her head hung forward. Her arms were starting to ache already. What
the hell was going on? He had never been so bold before.

Twisting her head as best she could she found she was alone again. The
tightness of her bounds strained her whole body. She tried to struggle,
but movement was out of the question. Despite the coolness of the evening
her body glistened with sweat. It ran down her breasts and collected on
her nipples before dripping to the ground. The pain in her limb was growing
by the minute. "Please!" she thought "Come back and let me go!"

Hanging there she thought of the times he had tried to join her little
games and she had sent him away. It seemed that she was now part of his
game. It seemed as if she hung there for hours, but she knew it had been
much less time.

A sound caught her attention, and twisting her head around, there stood
her husband. In his hand was a piece of bamboo from one of her planters.She
would have loved to scream, but the hiss of air coming out of her nose
was the only sound.

"This little switch will be nice and quiet, because we have to think
off the neighbors. I am sorry to tell you that it will hurt much worse
than my belt, but a belt makes such a loud smacking sound."

She tried to watch what he was up to, but tied as she was it was to
much effort to keep her head turned. Her head hung forward as she waited.
Her pain wracked body tensed in anticipation. What was he doing? The suspense
was worse than the pain in her arms. Lights exploded in her head when the
first blow landed. She could hardly breath because off the pain that invaded
her ass. She could hear herself scream, but she knew that even 10 feet
from her there was no sound. She waited for the next blow that she knew
would come. What was he waiting for?

The next blow was no less than the first. He spaced the blows so she
could not brace herself. Two would come quickly and then a pause and then
maybe three in a row. The lights danced in her head as she tried to evade
the lashes. She bucked and twisted in her bounds. Sweat poured off her
body. Again and again the cane fell on her poor ass.

Slowly she opened her eyes. She had passed out from the thrashing she
had received. She lay on the grass under the swing. Every move she made
made her wince with pain. Twisting around she got a look at her ass. Ugly
red welts criss crossed her white cheeks. Seeing that she was awake her
husband came over and stood over her. She tried to speak but the tape was
still over her mouth. He grabbed the ropes that were still tied to her
wrists. Dragging her he bent her over a low fence and tied her hand so
she could not straighten up. He pulled her ankles apart and tied her legs.

"Please! No more whipping!" she thought. And then she felt the tip of
his cock at her cunt. He rubbed it and toyed with her a 
while and then with one motion he rammed it home. He pounded into her
pussy and every time his loins slammed against her tortured ass, waves
of pain would shoot through her body. She thrashed and tried to protect
her ass and stop the pain.
Then she realized that there was another sensation that was even blocking
out the pain. It started between her legs and spread. It built and built
until she came like never before. Wave after wave consumed her.

Untied and the gag removed she lay exhausted on the ground. Sitting
in a chair her husband beckoned to her. Crawling she went to him and knelt
at his feet. He stroked her hair and told her that her punishment had been
so severe, but her behavior could no longer be tolerated. It would be repeated
if she had not learned her lesson.

She lay her head on his knee,smiled to her self and thought " One doesn't
quit being a bitch overnight."

jansmith555@hotmail.com
