---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Rubber Car Bondage
authors:
- rob rubber
tags:
- Solo-f
- latex
- toys
- car
- caught
- M/f
- bond
- zipties
- cuffs
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2002-07-03 00:00:00
---

The drive to New York was
one more necessary evil, one last major inconvenience Samantha had to overcome
before she could begin her long weekend with her lover, Erika. The previous
two months had been filled with all kinds of last minute schedule changes,
too much overtime and the general conspiring of fate to keep the two apart.
By the second week of March, Samantha was wracked with sexual frustration.
This would be their first time together since New Year's. She wanted their
week together to be special, and after having to cancel it three times,
nothing was going to keep her from a lust filled five days with her soul
mate.

She had made the trip many times before.
A transplant, Samantha knew the route like the back of her hand. The drive
was excruciatingly boring. No turns, and no exits for nearly six hours,
just 70 miles per hour on the interstate. She even knew where the speed
traps were. Resigned to six hours alone with only whatever company the
car radio could provide, she almost dreaded making the drive. A week before
the trip, she had a wild, wonderful perverted idea that planted itself
in her head. Erica had introduced Samantha to the erotic use of bondage,
latex and sex toys, so Samantha decided she wanted to show her appreciation.
"What would Erica think if I showed up in Manhattan dressed up in latex
under my regular clothes?"

It would certainly make the
drive more interesting. As the days passed, her plans grew more elaborate.
She would buy more rubber. She would buy more sex toys. She went for a
complete electrolysis of her bikini area and legs. And she got very, very
horny. By the time she began to pack the car, her rubber car bondage became
a full blown obsession. It was all she could do to not tell Erika about
her plan as they talked on the phone during the workweek. Not even a hint.
Just the unspoken knowledge between separated lovers that they were looking
forward to spending quality time together. "I miss you. I can't wait to
see you." Was all Samantha let on.

Finally, the day of the trip
arrived. The car was packed with all of the clothes and miscellaneous things
for the trip. Unlike other trips, though, all of her kinky toys and rubber
clothes would be on (or in) Samantha's body instead of in her suitcase.

Samantha left work early,
went straight home and took a hot shower. Her mind was racing with anticipation
as she began the transformation from normal person to one acting out a
bizarre sexual fantasy. First, she lubricated the butt plug, top to bottom.
It hurt a little at first, but her rear yielded and became used to the
its fullness. "I'd better get used to it, because there is no place I can
stop on the highway that would be safe to undress", she thought. Next came
the vibrating egg into her vagina. It slid easily inside her, and Samantha
smiled at the new fullness inside her. Next were the tight, form fitting
latex cycle shorts. She shuddered as they slid on the newly depilated skin
of her outer lips. That particular pair of shorts, Erika's favorites, fit
like a second skin because of the way they were molded. They had a very
high rise in the crotch, and they drove the butt plug home as they separated
her firm cheeks. She smoothed them on

Samantha was torn by competing
urges. She was simultaneously disgusted with what she was doing and was
having second thoughts about proceeding with her plan. What if she broke
down or got into an accident on the highway? Every sensible part of her
mind told her to immediately stop, pull the perverted toys out of her,
put it all in a bag and just drive. Another urge was to say the hell with
everything, drop to the bed and give herself the huge orgasm that was already
just around the corner. The two urges were leading her to the inescapable
conclusion that there was only one thing she could do - press on. She knew
that no matter how aroused she was now, it would be multiplied many times
over by her inability to stop until she was in her lover's apartment. And
what Erika might do with her once she got there was a whole other wet dream.

She smoothed the shorts and
felt the tight pull of the latex caress and mold to her pussy and ass.
They accentuated the filled up feeling she got from the butt plug and the
egg, and it felt like she could feel the rubber becoming one with her skin.
Next was to apply a generous amount of Cult lubricant to the inside of
the shorts. As she spread it around, the rubber seemed to come alive. It
was now almost floating on her body, holding and pressing her from her
knees to her navel. Every breath caused the rubber to caress her, and even
a movement as subtle as shifting her weight from one leg to the other caused
the rubber to slither over her. The effect on her velvet smooth pussy was
was mind blowing. It was exquisite, but it was only the beginning.

Next were the new stockings,
which came several inches higher than the shorts. A hip-hugging garter
belt would hold the stockings up, followed by the bra. The inside of the
bra was lined with small, soft rubber spikes around her nipples, and the
sensation nearly made Samantha come right there on the spot when she added
the lotion and felt the nubs slide past her erect nipples. Then she added
the third and final toy for the session: a Venus Butterfly. It was obviously
created by a woman. It is a smallish oval shaped vibrator, controlled by
a variable, wired remote and covered with soft rubber nubs. What sets it
apart from others is that it has adjustable straps that allow it to be
placed and held directly on the clitoris. The straps don't get in the way
of either vaginal or anal penetration, so it can be used during intercourse
or practically any other play. It is particularly diabolical when used
on a bound woman, or under street clothes. The straps held it firmly against
her most sensitive area, and just the thought of what it would do to her
already wet, rubber sealed clit brought another shudder to her entire body.

The last piece of latex was
her new high necked, long sleeve top. It too was quite form fitting, and
quickly covered her long, trim torso and arms with a second skin. Her entire
body was hugged by the firm compression of the slippery rubber. She then
polished the outside of her new second skin, and it all became even more
form fitting as it became wet with the silicone based goo. She stood back
to admire her handiwork. She liked what she saw. "Wait till Erika finds
out I'm wearing all of this!" Not only did she look and feel great, but
every breath and every movement caused it to slide on her aroused breasts
and crotch. And even before it was turned on, the Venus butterfly's nubs
were making their presence known.

Samantha knew that she didn't
have the guts to go out in public dressed in latex, so she began to put
on street clothes over her pleasure outfit. First, she locked Erika's leather
wrist and ankle cuffs on and she began to put on street clothes. She pulled
her newest, tightest fitting pair of jeans from the drawer and thought
to herself, "What in God's name am I doing? What kind of pervert does this
kind of thing?" Her shame was tempered by the realization that she would
soon look like just any other driver on the highway, and no one would be
able to tell that she was dressed for extreme carnal pleasure.

As she pulled them up, Samantha
realized that the fit of the jeans would be quite snug. They fit her slender
but shapely body perfectly, reminding her of both the butt plug and the
Venus Butterfly. Even the slightest movement from the waist down caused
the rubber to caress her lower body and cause a small earthquake of sensation
at the epicenter of her clit, where the vibrator waited. With the turtleneck,
socks and sneakers, she was done. "Normal person on the outside, sex fiend
on the inside!"

Considering all of the gear
she was wearing, it was remarkably easy to move. One more check in the
mirror for telltale signs of her outfit left Samantha convinced that she
could pull off her escapade without fear of detection by toll collectors
or anyone else she was likely to see on her trip. The rubber made her breasts
and rear end more perky - bonus!- but the only real giveaways were her
face - flushed red from the combination of embarrassment and arousal -
and the pungent smell of the latex. As long as she got out of her townhouse
without running into any of her neighbors, she decided she would be okay.

The effect of the skin-tight
rubber on her lubricated, hairless pussy was especially exciting. The latex
slid all over every square millimeter of her body - molding, holding and
caressing her from her neck to her toes. The jeans enhanced the effect
by providing a tight outer shell for the latex to hold on to and her body
to slide against, pressing her cheeks and labia apart. With time and the
effect of the silicone lubricant, the rubber now felt as if it had been
deflated onto her taut body.

One thing she couldn't anticipate
was just how difficult it would be to walk without causing herself to orgasm.
Not only did her jeans look and feel great, but they also pressed the nubby
vibrator into her clit, massaging it into her. Each step also reminded
her of the fullness caused by the plug in her ass and the small egg shaped
vibrator in her vagina. She tried to keep her composure as she took baby
steps down the stairs. Moving her torso or arms caused the same kind of
havoc on her slippery nipples encased in their rubbery torture chamber.

"Rubber Torture chamber"
she thought. "That's exactly what I've done to myself. I've put myself
into an erotic torture chamber that I can't leave for the next six hours."
The thought of how to tell Erika and what Erika would do when she got her
hands on her made her heart race even faster.

Her waist length coat covered
any bulge left by the vibrators' battery packs on her belt, and once she
had it on, she had one last "This is insane" thought and stepped out the
door. She remembered to bring extra silicone lubricant and extra batteries
in her large purse.

"Samantha! How are you?"
It was her neighbor, Dave. He was handsome and nice enough, but he had
a big, puppy dog crush on her, and he wasn't giving her nearly enough personal
space. She could feel her face turn an even brighter shade of red as she
hoped he wouldn't notice anything wrong with her. He also managed to put
himself between Samantha and her Celica, freezing her in place for fear
of getting too close.

"I'm fine. In a rush though,
leaving for New York." She could see him smell the latex.

"Are you okay? You seem a
little flushed?" There was something obviously not okay with her, he thought,
but he couldn't put his finger on it.

"Yeah, it's just a cold.
Listen, I'm running late can you keep an eye on my apartment for me? I'll
be back next Saturday." She slid past him, eyes diverted and made her way
to the CELICA.

"You bet. Next Saturday.
Shure" There was something wrong with her, he thought. "Maybe she has such
a crush on me that she is too embarrassed actually have a conversation
with me."

Lifting her leg to get into
the Celica was a huge jolt. She would have gotten into the car much more
gingerly, but with Dave watching, she didn't dare move differently than
normal. The action of lifting her leg and lowering herself onto the seat
pressed the vibe onto her clit hard and gave the butt plug a huge jolt.
Her whole body felt like one single sex organ - wet, lubricated, and totally
smothered in the unyielding grasp of the latex. It dawned on Samantha that
it was as if her clothes were violating her right there in the parking
lot. Her clothes were fucking her. Her clothes were fucking her, she was
sealed head to toe in tight rubber, she couldn't get out for the next six
hours and she loved it. She smiled a big smile as she pulled her car out
of the parking space and onto the road. The bumps sent shivers down her
spine.

Erika picked up the phone
in her apartment. "Hello."

"Hi, I'm just getting onto
the Turnpike. I'm running behind"

"That's too bad. What kept
you? You were going to leave an hour ago?" Erika was disappointed that
she would have to wait longer than she expected.

"I am late because I want
to show you gratitude for introducing me to so many new things since we
met. Are you sitting down?"

"Sure. But I don't get it.
Are you okay? You sound funny."

"Listen. I have been really
looking forward to this trip for weeks. I decided that I want to be your
plaything from the moment I stepped into your apartment."

"Sammy, what has gotten in
to you?" Erika giggled, "I love when you talk dirty."

"I've done some things to
get ready. Let me tell you how I prepared. First, I got a full Brazilian
at the electrolysis shop. I am completely hairless, and it feels very sexy."

"Oh, my. You really have
been looking forward to coming out here, haven't you?"

Samantha laughed to herself
as she readied to drop the bomb. "Oh, you don't know a fraction of it yet.
On the outside, I'm just wearing black jeans and a turtleneck," she began
to slow her words, giving extra weight to each item. "But on the inside,
I am a time bomb just waiting to go off. Underneath I am wearing tight
latex from my neck down, I have a butt plug in my rear, and a vibrating
egg in my pussy. My rubber bra has nubs that are driving my nipples wild
and I am wearing a Venus Butterfly between the rubber and the tightest,
most form-fitting pair of jeans I own. The rubber is lubed from my elbows
to my knees and I have your sexy leather wrist and ankle cuffs locked on
to keep me from getting out. The sensation of it all is unbelievable, and
I haven't even turned on either of the vibes yet. Erika, I am so aroused
right now I could die."

"Oh, Stop it! You're making
this up! You really had me going for a while there!"

"Listen, here's the top of
my rubber shirt." She snapped the collar of the shirt and it made the characteristic
sound of latex slapping against skin.

"Nice try. I'll see you when
you get here."

"You don't believe me! Do
you want to hear the Venus Butterfly? Listen." Samantha fumbled for the
control and turned both vibes on to medium. She was going to hold the phone
next to it for just a moment for Erika to hear the buzz, but she couldn't
help but press her hand between her legs. The butterfly hit home, and by
the time she could pull over to the shoulder and put the car in park, she
was rubbing herself wildly as her entire body exploded into a white-hot
orgasm. The tight jeans and lubricated rubber intruded and caressed every
bit of her genitals and ass as she squeezed her legs together and ground
her hips to the carnal rhythm.

"Aaanngh... aaaah... aaah...
aaaah... aaah... mmmmm... mmmmmm..."

She could feel her hot juices
still flowing into her suit as she fumbled for the switches and turned
off the vibes.

Erika was in stunned silence
as Samantha spoke again, barely catching her breath, "You gotta believe
me, Erika," she panted, "My clit, my vagina, my nipples, my rear - my entire
body - is being fucked and squeezed by this body-hugging rubber, two vibrators
and a butt plug. I just came like an earthquake."

"OH MY GOD! You perverted
little tramp! You have all of that on you in the car?"

"Yes my dear. Underneath
my street clothes. What a fucking blast this is. It feels sooo good. It
is absolutely merciless and I am trapped this way until you unlock me when
I get there."

"What makes you think that
I will unlock you?"

They both burst out laughing
and began to talk about plans for their week together.

**Part 2**

As the miles wore on boredom
began to set in. Samantha set her car’s cruise control to 65 miles per
hour and began to play with her vibrators.  She had to keep both the
large-ish egg inside her and the butterfly pressed into her clit both turned
to a very low setting, because the two vibrators together were very powerful. 
After fiddling for a little while, she settled on two different speeds
(1 for the butterfly, 1.5 for the egg inside her) that would bring her
to a gradual, almost indefinite orgasm. She was still over five hours away
from Erika’s, so there was no hurry.

“Why not?” She asked herself
with a perverted smile, “Driving alone is so boring. What else is there
to do out here in the middle of nowhere.”

It was paradise to be locked
into her outfit and on the highway. All 95 pounds of her taut, petite body
was smothered and squeezed by the wet slippery rubber There was no traffic,
the CD changer was full of her favorite music, and it dawned on her that
she should dress like this more often – like all the time. It didn’t take
long for Samantha’s hand to reach under her turtleneck and begin to fondle
her hard nipples - already being tormented by the slippery rubber nubs.

She drove on for many blissful
miles. Samantha thought about each part of her body that was being relentlessly
teased and all of the ways her outfit was driving her wild, about the sensation
of her juices flowing into her rubber cocoon, how the pungent smell of
latex filled her car, what Erika would do to her when she finally got there,
the craziness involved in leaving the house dressed head to toe in tight
rubber, how her obscenely tight jeans only compounded the sensation, about
how she was trapped in her outfit for at least the next five hours.

She started to writhe, slowly
at first, and the latex slithered all over. Gradually gaining in momentum,
her squirming worked the rubber across her breasts and hairless pussy.
Squeezing her legs together and spreading them back apart made her more
aware of the fullness inside her. “I guess they really are fuck-me jeans
now.” She mused. She didn’t originally intend to so soon, but she was nearing
a ravaging climax. Her free hand slid down to her crotch and started to
rub.

Her heart jumped as the flashing
lights and siren shattered her pleasure.

“Oh, SHIT!”  Another
glance in the mirror showed that it was obvious that the cop behind her
car wanted her to pull over, and a look at the speedometer showed why.

“OH NO!” Erika’s foot must
have been pushing on the gas pedal, because she was doing over 85 miles
per hour. “Fuck fuck fuck FUCK! How could I be so stupid!!!” She thought
she might faint from the terror she felt over the possibility of being
found out. She had a lot to do in only a few seconds.  Turn off vibrators.
Turn off stereo. Hide the vibrator controls under her turtleneck. Try to
get composed. Guilt and its sisters shame and self-loathing filled her
heart as the Trooper walked towards her car.

“Good evening.  Do you
know why I’m pulling you over?” Asked the State Trooper.  State Troopers
are usually as serious as a heart attack, and this one was no exception.
He held the bright beam of his flashlight in her eyes.

“Because I was speeding?”
She tried to smile and bat her lashes at him just a bit to be cute.

“And because I was behind
you for the last two miles.” His suspicions were further raised by the
guarded way she moved her heavy breathing and by the way her cheeks were
flushed. He began to look for other clues that she may be smuggling drugs.
He noted the sharp scent of rubber, but his face revealed none of his suspicions.
“Driver’s license and registration please.”  He did not smile back

“Thank you. Put your hands
on top of the steering wheel and wait here please.”  Samantha breathed
a sigh of relief at the fact that he did not order her out of the car.

The humiliation of going
to some local jail cell and being forced to strip and explain herself played
over and over in her mind. Then she reasoned: “Why would I have to go to
jail? I’m getting a speeding ticket, for Chrissake. They don’t put people
in jail for speeding.” She squirmed ever so slightly at the relief. She
was still frightened, but the threat of being caught was very exciting.
Plus, what a kick it was to secretly masturbate right in front of a straight
man! A police officer no less!  If he only knew! Instead of the shame
and dread of moments before, she was now feeling like a very naughty little
girl who was getting away with one. A speeding ticket and points on her
license didn’t make her very happy, but she was more and more certain that
she would soon be on her way.

What she didn’t know was
that Officer Ryan about to interrogate her.  The strange odor and
her exaggerated nervousness were all the probable cause he needed to question
a suspicious motorist on an interstate highway known to be traveled by
drug runners.

Her heart froze as she heard
the sharp words from the police car’s speaker. “Put your hands on top of
your head and slowly get out of your car”.  When she gingerly stood
up, the remote controls slid out of her lap.

“Turn around and walk to
the rear of the car please.” He was motionless as he held his weapon aimed
squarely at Samantha.

“Lean over the back of your
car and place your hands behind your back.” The officer folded her arms
behind her and harshly fastened two pairs of handcuffs to tightly bind
each wrist to the other forearm.

“This can’t be happening!”
Samantha’s thought to herself as the officer harshly tightened the two
pairs of handcuffs to her arms behind her. The combination of pulling her
arms tightly behind her, lying her torso on the trunk and being manhandled
her car pressed her breasts into the nubs.

“Ow! That hurts!”

“Miss Catrell, you are in
a world of trouble right now, do you understand?” He shined his flashlight
directly at her face again. He noticed just how pretty she was. Samantha’s
dark hair accented her fair skin and deep red lips.

“You can’t do this to me
without arresting me”

“Oh yes I can.  I am
the law here, and besides - you are the one in handcuffs.” She could not
see him at all as he stood behind her to inspect his captive.

“Miss Catrell, I am going
to search you now.” Samantha’s heart froze with terror. Every possible
humiliation ran through her mind as she realized that her worst fears were
about to come true.

First, he wanted to look
over the two small vibrator remotes hanging by their sixteen inch cords
from the waist of her pants.  He wasn’t certain if they were weapons
or remote controls for bombs, but once he read the print on one that said
“Swedish Erotica” on one and “Vibe-Tronics” on the other, it became more
clear as to what they really were.  It also became clear that his
captive might have been enjoying the drive a little too much for safety’s
sake.  In all of his training and experience on the job, he never
seen or heard of anything like this before. He didn’t let on.

He began to pat her down.
Samantha could feel him start at her left ankle and feel the leather ankle
cuff and small padlock. Then he lifted her pants leg up enough to discover
the shiny smooth latex underneath, and she could feel him stroke the latex.
He stopped for a long while, trying to figure out what the hell he was
dealing with.

He resumed the search, but
she could feel that his touch had changed. He was molesting her! “How could
he?” she thought. He firmly stroked his hands up her left leg, then up
her right. Caressing her hips, he reached underneath to feel her up with
his left hand and firmly slid his right hand between her cheeks.

“Stop it right now!” Samantha
was mortified and trying to act mad to get him to stop.

“I am warning you one time.
You need to be still while I search your person for drugs and weapons.”

He rubbed harder and couldn’t
help but notice how her jeans felt like they were sliding over her body.
The latex showing between the top of her jeans and the bottom of her turtleneck
caught his eye, and he discovered the protrusions caused by the butt plug’s
flange and the in her rear and the vibrator at her clit.

“Knock it off!” She could
feel his hands examining her.

He pressed his weight into
her to keep her from moving. He rubbed harder and faster despite her protests.
He continued for a while until he stopped to pull down the top of her shirt
far enough to see the rubber.

The next thing she felt was
the pull of the nylon cable wrap being fastened around her ankles. 
After he squeezed it tight he ordered her to stand up.

“Turn around and face me”
he said. It was difficult to do, but she complied.

“You can’t do this to me!”
Samantha was begging for her nightmare to end. More wraps below her knees,
above her knees and at her upper thigh firmly lashed her legs together. 
He placed a blanket on the grass next to her car, and put some sort of
cushion down in the middle.

“I am going to make you comfortable. 
I won’t hurt you”

“Then let me go!” She was
frightened and humiliated and furious that a police officer would do this
to her He was supposed to enforce the laws, not molest female drivers.

He lifted her 95-pound frame
and placed her on her back with her hips on the cushion.

Now she was really mad “I’ll
have your badge, you bastard! I know my rights! I want my phone call, right
now God Damn it!” She lifted her head as far up as she could to make her
point.

He smiled as he bent over
and asked her “So tell me, what to these do?” Without waiting for an answer,
he both vibrators on all the way to number seven.  Samantha inhaled
a sharp, loud gasp as they shot into action. Her mouth and eyes opened
wide, and her expression quickly changed from rage to shock to ecstasy
as she laid down her head. She had forgotten all about the controls!

“You… can’t…  
Ohhh”

He knelt down close to watch
her face as the vibrators took their toll on her resistance and reached
under her top to caress her rubber covered breasts.  When he began
to caress her pussy with his other hand, he was surprised at the strength
of the vibrator. He spoke to her as he rubbed her with both hands. “Samantha,
my name is Ryan. I am your new best friend.  I promise that I will
keep you out of any embarrassing trouble with the law, and all you need
to do is do as I say and play nice with me. Do we have a deal?”

Samantha couldn’t fight what
was happening to her. She wanted to trust him, and it all felt too good
to resist anyway. After all, she herself had willingly put on the rubber
bra with the nubs. She had eagerly slid the butt plug inside her. She had
inserted the vibrator in her vagina. She had trembled with anticipation
as she dressed herself in the lubricated rubber that covered her from her
neck to her toes. She had carefully positioned the butterfly vibrator over
her clit. She had pulled on the skin-tight jeans. And up until a few minutes
earlier, it all seemed like a great idea. Now, a man she had never met
before tied her up without her consent, molested her and cranked up the
vibrators. And she was loving it. Samantha didn’t even care that he was
blackmailing her.

She was far beyond any shame
or humiliation, far beyond any honor or embarrassment. She felt great beyond
description and she was about to come like a freight train.

Writhing in ecstasy smiled
and panted “Okay”.
