---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesad/amber05.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Amber’s Misfortune 5
authors:
- Gagged Utopia
tags:
- M/ff
- bondage
- kidnap
- torture
- n/c
- XX
date: 2002-07-22 00:00:00
---

Amber's Misfortune,
My Gain - Part 5
by Gagged Utopia

Preface

Two weeks have now passed since Amber was first captured from her own
self-bondage in her dorm.  Having trained many slaves in the past,
I can easily tell the signs when a slave has adjusted to their position
and accept it.  Once in a while, a slave will develop an attachment
to their new masters and become instantly disobedient to the new master. 
It is unfortunate that the slaves have to learn they are in no way in control
again, their only saving grace is most masters are not as cleaver and sadistic
as I.  Amber seems to be turning out into one of those slaves. 
She has grown very attached to me as a master and already does not see
herself as a kidnap victim.  Something is different with Amber however,
normally I sell them off to my normal contacts or dispose of them if they
get too damaged during training.  Amber might be a little hard to
get rid of, but I don’t have a choice… unfortunately.

Ambers Last Day

I looked at Amber lying on my bed, not believing that my time with her
is almost over.  Maybe it was because she was so nice in the bar where
she worked and I got to know her?  Who knows why, and it doesn’t really
matter.  She will be gone soon, and I had better prepare her. I gave
her a swift slap on her ass (she was not allowed to used the covers, so
she was very exposed).

“Good Morning Slut, sleep well ?” I asked.

“Yes Master” she responded sheepishly.

“Have you been counting the days since your first day as a slave?”

“I did for a few days, but I stopped.  I don’t know why. 
I guess it didn’t matter to me Master”

All the tell tale signs were there.  She was broken.  If she
still had a want or will to escape, keeping track of the time would have
been top priority.  She knew two weeks would be the deadline and would
be expected back to work; yet she didn’t seem to care.  Her new master
is going to love her.

“Well, it has been two weeks now.  This is the day you should be
making the trip back to your dorm.  People are going to start looking
for you and the time has come to make preparations for your departure from
here.”

“NOOOOO!” she yelled.  Realizing that she'd just made a big mistake,
she tried to recover.  “I’m sorry Master, I really am.  I just
don’t want you to kill me.  I want to say here with you… I… well…”

“Spit it out slave”

“I love you Master.  Once I learned to behave, you have taken such
good care of me.  I just wanted to let you know that.  Sorry
for speaking out, Master”

“Well, if it is any relief to you I am not going to kill you. 
Your new master however will have a big problem with slaves that misbehave. 
I will let him know of your transgression today so he can punish you for
it.”

At this point I expected a sigh of relief that she was not going to
die.  I was surprised to see her lower her head and start crying. 
She made no attempt to hide it either.  It probably just has finally
hit home that she will be a slave for life.

“I suggest you stop crying slut, you’re getting my bed soaked. 
Why are you crying anyway?”

“…  … I … do..on’t … wa… wa… wa…nt … to … lea..ve ….. y…y..y……ou”
she struggled to spit out.

“We both have no choice.  You have already been sold.  If
you remember last week when I had to go out on a trip for the day, that’s
what I was doing.  They are expecting deliver of you later today. 
I am sure you have had the fantasy of being the slave of an Arab sheik,
tightly bound all day, your only purpose is to please him.  Well it
is going to come true now.  The people I deal with actually are the
ones that will sell you and actually ship you over there.  It is quite
impressive how they do it.  You will first be place in a rubber, inflatable
suit.  An inflatable hood will also be placed on your head and secured
to the suit.  Once everything is air tight, tubes will be inserted
into your nose and an inflatable gag in your mouth that has a tube as well. 
The tubes themselves are very long and very, very hard.  Your suit
will then be inflated and checked to make sure it is secure and has no
leaks.  The next step is to be lifted and placed into a large mold,
basically a standing tube about 5 feet in diameter.  The tubes for
breathing and drinking will be lifted up to the top of the tube and tied
off so they won’t fall in.  The final step is to fill the mold with
cement and seal you inside.  It takes about 2 days to dry, and while
it does, it will compress a bit.  That is what the suit is for. 
That, and to leave room for your waste to escape your body.  Once
you’re dry and they confirm you're ok, the tubes will be cut off so they
are flush with the top of the pillar.  In the end, you will be a cement
pillar that will be sold overseas.  The only noticeable marking on
the entire thing will be three very small little holes at the top. 
Once you’re at your destination, they will break open the cement to free
you.  It will be hell for a few weeks, fed though a tube, nothing
to do, no movement possible, standing and sifting in your own waste. 
I normally do not tell my slaves what awaits them, but I felt like being
nice today.  Any questions?”

“Is there any way I can stay with you Master?”

“They are expecting a pretty girl who has been trained how to act and
endure the strain of tight bondage and extreme torture.  It was easy
with you due to your natural submissiveness, limber body, and was no stranger
to tight restraint… even if it was by your own hand.  I figured that
it would take at least a month to get you ready, but I was not even close. 
So you see slave, it seems that in this situation it’s my hands that are
tied.”

I left the room and started to get ready to deliver Amber.  It
will be daytime so transporting her will be a bit difficult.  An army
style duffel bag usually does the trick in any case, and a little rope. 
I could hear her crying again.  I have never had a slave desire to
stay with me as much as Amber.  Usually they ask to stay only because
they understand that once they are out of the country there will never
be any hope for escape.

After 15-20 minutes went by, I returned to the bedroom with the items
I would need to get her ready to transport.  I was surprised to see
she stopped crying and was kneeling on the bed with her head down. 
She perked up at the sight of me and started to smile.

“What are you so happy about all of a sudden slut?”

“I know how I can stay with you Master.”

“I already explained this once, if you continue, I will have to punish
you.”

“Then punish me Master, but please listen to me Master”

“Fine, punishment it is.”  I left the room for a minute to grab
some cuffs and gag.  I didn’t have time to deal with this, we had
to leave in an hour.

As I was walking back in with the gag ready, Amber started talking franticly
“Master, just listen please !  I know how where you can get another
sla mmmmphph !”  The gag was in, but what was she talking about? 
Another slave?  Curiosity overwhelmed me as I took her gag off.

“Thank you master.”

“Go on, we don’t have much time.  I still have to punish you yet
before we go for talking back to me.”

“Sorry Master.  Here is what I was thinking.  You said it
was going to take a month to train me, what if you told them you need the
entire month?”

“And why would I do that?  You’re ready now, and the sooner I deliver
you, the sooner I get paid.”

“You could use the extra time to train a new slave, Master.”

“Not possible.  There is too much planning, research and cover
up work to make sure nobody knows.  It took me months to figure out
your patterns, when you would be vulnerable to capture, etc…”

“I can help you.  I can help you get Tiffany.  You have already
seen her, would see be a good enough slave for you Master?”

“She would do just fine, but what is your plan for getting her here. 
I already let her go.”

“I could tell her I have been kidnapped and have escaped.  I could
tell her where to find me, and to come get me.  It can be a private
area, and you can capture her.  I could even help you train her Master. 
I will do anything, I just want to stay with you Master.”

I had to admit, she did have a good idea on her hands, and I could easily
get more time to train a new slave.  I could tell my contacts that
Amber tried to escape and while trying to catch her she was hurt. 
They wouldn’t mind much as long as I could provide another girl in time. 
Amber might be on to something, but time was limited.

“Ok slut, we can give it a try.  I will warn you however, if you
even think about trying to escape the tortures you have felt up until now
will be mild in comparison.”

“I want to stay with you, so it would be foolish of me to leave you
master”

“Let’s get you ready”

I told her an address to have Tiffany meet her, and gave her a call. 
She played the part to perfection and as planned, Tiffany was on her way…
alone.  The next step was to get her ready to look the part. 
I gave her some contact solution to help her get the contacts out. 
Once they were out, she tried to look around, but the light was too bright. 
Not having time to wait, I stuffed the ball gag in her mouth and lead her
downstairs to the basement.  Amber tried franticly to ask me questions,
probably about what I was doing, but muffled cries were all that came out.

Once in the basement, I locked her hands above her head and her legs
to a spreader bar, which locked to the floor.  I walked over to one
of the cabinets and grabbed some aspirin.  After I had a few pills,
I walked back over to Amber and undid her gag.

“Since Tiffany is going to be expecting you to be tortured, you need
to look the part.  Take these aspirin; they should dull the pain a
bit.  I am going to whip you and make you look like you have been
beaten for weeks, you played such a good part on the phone, I am sure Tiffany
would expect nothing less when she sees you.  Questions?”

“No master”

“Good.”

I gave her three aspirin and after she swallowed them, I reinserted
the gag and strapped it down nice and tight.  I also put on a pair
of nipple clamps.  They didn’t really need to be there, but this will
serve as part of her torture for talking back to me before.  After
attaching some weights to the clamps and clothespins on her cunt, I sat
down for a while to enjoy the view and let the aspirin do its job. 
Amber is under the impression that the pills will actually dull the pain,
and they might, but that it not their purpose.  Aspirin thins the
blood, and also make the skin MUCH easier to bruise.  After a good
whipping, she will look so black and blue that she will almost look like
a smurf.

After a few minutes went by, I picked up a flogger and blindfold. 
I put the blindfold on her as to remove any ability to brace herself for
swings.  Once that was secure, I positioned myself behind her and
took my first swing.

With a loud smack, the flogger worked its magic as the leather straps
forcefully wrapped themselves under her armpit arriving at their destination
on Amber’s breasts.  I drew back the flogger again and took aim a
little lower on her sweating body.  Smack!  The straps gushed
forward like a raging river around her thigh and crashing down on the inside
of her leg, just below her cunt.  “MmmmMMpphph!”.  Apparently
that one got her attention.

I continued with the flogger for another 20 minutes; its effects starting
to show very nicely.  Next was the paddle, but not just any paddle,
this one had metal studs on it.  They were not sharp enough to pierce
the skin, but will leave a bevy of bruises all over.  I stood in front
of Amber and drew my hand back, watching her tense up, trying to prepare
for the worst.  With a smack that I swore echoed throughout the house,
the paddle came down on her right thigh.  Not giving her any time
to recover, I started to swing rapidly, viciously attacking her breasts,
legs, arms and ass.

Looking over my handy work, I must say that Amber was looking the part. 
Her whole body had bruises all over it.  I took her restraints off,
all but the blindfold and gag.  I grabbed some ratty cloths and had
her put them on.  They consisted of a ripped and soiled white t-shirt,
and greenish gym shorts.  Next I locked a set of ankle cuffs on her
with a two-foot chain.  To complete the ensemble, a set of handcuffs
in the front seemed to do nicely.

I led her out to the garage and pushed her in to the truck of the car. 
After closing her inside, I got into the car and headed to where we would
meet Tiffany.  It was about an hour away, so I hope Amber is comfortable…
I think I remembered to take the tools off the floor.

An hour later…

I pulled off to the side of the rest stop.  It has been abandoned
for a while, ever since the state stopped keeping up with the maintenance. 
I opened up the trunk and helped Amber out.  Before closing it I noticed
that the tools were still laying all over the back and Amber had a new
set of bruises on her side, good thing I had her gagged.  To make
sure that she was ready and Tiffany didn’t see me, I removed her gag and
blindfold.  She squinted for a bit, but I could tell that her sight
was coming back.

“You know what you are suppose to do right ?”

“Yes Master…. I…”

“What!?”

“Sorry, I am just surprised that it is you, Master”

“What do you mean?”

“I recognize you from my work.  Your voice is different though.
I…”

“Later slut, you have to get ready.”

I lead her over to a bench near the phone that she “called” Tiffany
from.  I went into the woods a bit

After 15 minutes passed, Tiffany rolled up in her car.  The look
on her face was priceless, the shear horror on her face as she saw the
condition that her friend Amber was in.  She screeched to a halt and
jumped out of the car.

“Are you alright?  You look like hell!  How long have you
been a prisoner?” Tiffany asked in haste, tripping over her own words.

“I’m alright, just very tired, and these cuffs are biting into me and
I have to go to the bathroom.  I didn’t want to go into the woods
and not find me here, so I have been holding it.”

“Well I’m here now, I will wait here while you go.”

“I can’t go alone, I’m scared to be by myself.  He might be out
there.”

“Ok, let’s go”

I couldn’t help but smile with the sheer talent that Amber was displaying
with her acting skills.  Hell, even I believed her.  The two
of them slowly came towards me, slowed by the chains on Ambers legs. 
When they were right next to me, on the other side of the tree I made my
move.

With a quick lunge I tacked Tiffany to the ground, however she was quite
alert, almost expecting it and twisted away from me and started to get
up.  Just as she started to sprint away Amber grabbed her ankle and
brought her to her knees fast.  From there she fell flat knocking
the wind partly out of her.  Tiffany laid there gasping for air as
I climbed on top of her, cuffed her hands and elbows behind her back. 
I then took some leather straps from my pocket and strapped her legs together
above the knees and ankles.  She wasn’t going anywhere.

“What the fuck are you doing!?!?  Amber, help me !” she screamed.

I grabbed a ball gag out of my other pocket and put it in her mouth
as she started to shout again, muffling her cries instantly.

“Tiffany, meet my Master, and your new master for the next few weeks. 
I suggest you do what he says, and accept your new role as a slave, you
don’t want to learn the same way I did.” Amber said with a smirk on her
face.

I didn’t feel like introducing myself, I just wanted to get the girls
out of there just in case anybody did stop by, like a lost traveler. 
I picked Tiffany up and threw her over my shoulder and told Amber to follow
me.  Once we were back at my car, Amber opened up the trunk of the
car and helped me get Tiffany inside.  Amber crawled in on top of
her, but before closing the trunk, I cuffed her hands behind her back and
re-gagged her.  Even though I was sure Amber wouldn’t try anything,
I didn’t want them talking at all… at least not yet.

After the drive home…

I pulled into the garage and opening the trunk.  Amber looked very
clam, almost like she was trying to go to sleep, however Tiffany was extremely
active and wanted out right away.  I picked up Amber and stood her
next to the car.  The hard part was getting Tiffany out while she
was thrashing around.  I grabbed both of her nipples through her shirt
and squeezed hard.

“MMMMMMphphph !” she screamed.

“I suggest you calm down, there is much more to come, so I suggest you
cooperate when you can to make your stay here much shorter.”

Not wanting a replay of what just happened, she stopped fighting and
squirming around and let me get her out of the trunk.  Once out, I
stood her on a two-wheeler and strapped her to it with some long leather
straps that I had set out before we left.  I closed the trunk and
wheeled her out of the back, signaling Amber to follow us out to the backyard.

I had tall fences and nobody could see unless they climbed the fence,
which is electrified near the top.  The tree’s overhead covered the
top pretty well from helicopters and other flying eyes in the sky. 
In the middle I have a nice in ground pool that is enclosed in it’s own
tinted plastic shell to keep out the leaves, but works nice to dull any
sound as well.  Once inside I attached a collar to Amber’s neck and
attached a leash.  The leash was then attached to the fence, out of
her reach.

“To start your training slave, I figured we would play in the pool for
a bit.”  I undid the straps from the two-wheeler and laid her down
on the cement.  I walked over to the pool house and grabbed a few
coils of rope and walked back over to Tiffany.  I unlocked the handcuffs
to her elbows and coiled a length of rope around her elbows securing them
tight enough that they were almost touching.  I did the same for her
hands as well.

“I suggest you keep in mind what I said before about doing what I want. 
Keep still while I re-tie your legs.  If you kick or try to run away,
I will throw you in the pool and watch you drown.”  With that, I undid
the straps around her knees and ankles.  I then bent her left leg
and started to tie her ankle to her thigh.  After making it very tight,
I did the same with the next leg.

“I don’t really think you should be swimming with clothes on, so let’s
get rid of them.”  I pulled out a pocketknife and started to cut all
of her cloths off, all except her nice, thong underwear.  With a little
effort I was able to apply a good crotch rope to her.  The final step
was to take her long hair and tie a length of rope to it.  The most
effective way that I have found is to braid the rope right into it. 
After a few minutes, the rope was quite secure as I gave it a few tugs
and her head snapped back.  Once I was sure it wouldn’t budge, I pulled
her head back and tied it around her ankles.

“What do you think slut, does this little slave look pretty good tied
up or what?” I said looking at Amber.

“MMMpphhph” she muffled shaking her head yes.

“Well now it is time for some real fun.  You'd like to try out
a little pool toy that I made, I just hope it works well, because if not
then you will probably drown.” I picked it up from the other side of the
pool and set it in front of her.  “How it works is simple.  I
drop you into the pool and you bite into this metal rod.  The foam
on the side will keep the rod about six inches above the water when there
is weight applied to it, which will be plenty for you to breathe. 
The downside is if you let go, you drown… unless you think you can swim
like that.”

I walked over to Amber and whispered “If anything goes wrong, hit the
button of the control in your hand and I will come out to save her. 
We can’t have her dying yet can we ?”

Amber just shook her head yes and I handed her a small control box.

“It’s show time, I wish I could stay to watch, but I have things to
do.” I said to Tiffany.

With that I grabbed onto the braid in her hair and lowered her into
the water. Then I put the floating rod into the water.  With my free
hand I undid the gag she had in her mouth and tossed it to the side. 
I started to lead her to the steel rod when she started up…

“Let me fucking go, don’t think that..\*gurgle\*…”  I lowered her
into the water and held her there for about 30 seconds.  I pulled
her back up quickly and shoved the bit into her mouth.

“BITE DOWN NOW OR DROWN!” I yelled at her.  She did as she was
told and I let go of her hair.  With a small push, she floated off
into the middle of the pool.  The foam didn’t keep the rod up as much
as I thought, but still plenty of room as long as the water stayed calm.

“Have fun!”

I could hear her muffled cries as I closed the door to the pool and
walked into the house.  Hopefully she will turn out alright.

To be continued…
