---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiessz/two_rubber_slaves.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Two Rubber Slaves
authors:
- Latexcheeks
tags:
- F/f
- FF
- latex
- catsuits
- drysuits
- bond
- bagged
- water
- public
- display
- mast
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2005-12-20 00:00:00
---

This
compilation of reports were sent to my then rubber mistress. They take place during two different weekends the first in December
2003 and the second in January 2004, Martin Luther King Day weekend. They are related entries and here they are for your reading and rubbery
fantasizing pleasure.

Hello my rubber pets,

Tonight you are to go out for dinner:
You may choose your outer clothing to cover
as much or as little as you wish to.

But you will wear:
Vibrating butt plug set to low,
a dildo in your pussy with a vibe with a
remote control,
3 pairs of rubber knickers and thongs

Rubber stockings,
peep hole bra with clamps on your nipples,
all covered by a catsuit,
and high heeled boots.

Whatelse you wear is up to you.

You must be in the restaurant for at least
1 1/2 hours, you will control the vibe of the other person and they must be on
all the time. If a vibe is turned off or a vibe causes the person to cum, the
controller of the vibe is the loser. Before you leave the restaurant there
must be a loser. So you may need to have lots of ice-cream.

The loser of the contest will be the Mistress
on Saturday and will choose all the tasks, including what is worn and where
you go, and what household chores the other rubber pet will need to perform.

The winner of the task get to be the
Mistress on Sunday and so can get "revenge" for anything that was
done to her on the Saturday, by setting the tasks for the day.

The only requirement is that you go
somewhere dressed both Saturday and Sunday.

I look forward to 2 reports (photos if you
wish)

Plus can you tell me your plans over the
christmas period so i will now if and when you are free to perform tasks for
me.

Have an enjoyable weekend

Mistress Patricia

**The Slut Slave
Report**

It’s Saturday
evening and Mistress Rubber Toy has asked me to make this interim report on
how the weekend is going. Well,
for me it’s been all rubber layers and so many rubbery orgasms that my head
spins. First off I ask forgiveness
if there are any typos, Four pairs of gloves including one heavy outer pair
does that. I have watched the
spell check and should catch the true typos but if I type another word, oh
well.

Dinner was exciting
but I ate nothing. How could I
knowing that I had already lost the bet and the game? Toy orgasmed about one minute after we sat down and I switched on her
vibe. So much for a drawn out
match. I think she planned it that
way. She gleefully announced it to
the world with a teeth-grinding series of grunts and low quick pants. Oh well, I came right behind her, I was so hot from the rubber, the
game and now the wonder at what Mistress Rubber Toy might do.

But I’m ahead of
myself. Dressing for the evening
was such pleasure. Feeling the
probes inside me and the layers slowly sealing me under more and more rubber. The first catsuit felt delicious. We
both decided to wear two of them under our street clothes. I wore a short latex skirt and thigh boots. Then I put a slightly longer denim skirt over but I decided to wear a
loose kind of matt finished latex blouse. The blouse actually looked like another material unless you knew what
to look at. I put on a low-cut
sweater over the blouse.

Toy was in leather,
skirt, jacket and vest with a silk blouse under them and a scarf. My catsuit collars actually showed. The blue one was the top catsuit and looked like a satin neck piece
under the nearly matching blue blouse.

We drove the 30 miles
to Shasta City to mingle with the ski bums. There were plenty of hotly dressed young people in town, though the two
of us were by far the most stunning. People
looked as we entered the restaurant. Some
whispered to each other and looked askance at us. I don’t really think they were talking about our dress as much as
noting how well dressed we were and being ladies they smiled knowingly and
went on with their business.

“Two dykes from
SF” must have been on everyone’s thoughts. No bother, we’ve seen that before. A couple of guys looked and said a few things to each other shaking
heads. I knew the head
shake… ”What a waste of some sexy womanhood.”

To hell with them, I
tried men and was dearly caught in an abusive relationship, not loving or
pleasurable bondage play or mutual pleasure, just plain abusive, him getting
it all and giving nothing in return save a beautiful daughter who mercifully
had a great grandma to raise her while I worked on my career.

Enough of that. We ordered dinner and Toy ate while I picked. Waitress asked if things were ok.

“Fine. I guess I’m not that hungry. Could
we have a box?”

Toy just ate and
enjoyed her meal as she exploded several more times between bites. How could she do it?

My stomach churned in
sexual excitement. I felt the mons
and labia quivering under the assaults of the vibe. My clit surged and pulsed behind all the rubber. I bit my lip each time I came and Toy just smiled and would send a high
pulse through the vibe to accentuate MY DISTRESS.

We got home about
midnight. I figured on at least
some rest before the morning games and Mistress Toy’s rule. I was wrong. At midnight
she told me it was Saturday and time to start. She had me strip off the denim skirt and the blouse. She told me to roll up the sleeves on the outer catsuit, add gloves
then roll the sleeves back down. The
she handed me another pair of gloves to put on. She handed me two hoods to put on before handing me the fuck suit to
wiggle into. The tight rubber
covered me in this third full catsuit layer. It also meant all of our catsuits were on one or the other since she
wore the other two. I finished
with the hood and gag of the suit. But
what came next? Dresses? Not a chance! She drug out
the drysuit! I pulled it on,
feeling the loose rubber skin covering me. I pushed my hands into the sleeves and the attached gloves. I peed about then too. Pee
deep inside me began to dribble out of the knickers and slowly spread.

“Pull the hood up
too.”

I pulled that tight
dry suit hood over my hooded face.

She pulled out that
wader suit and I thought, “I can’t”. I could, gawd I was stuffed inside so much rubber. I couldn’t even feel my hands touching me unless I pushed really hard
but then with tight rubber layers massaging me and those vibes buzzing away I
didn’t need to touch anything more. Then
she added a collar to lock everything on.

She handed me my
raincoat and said it was time to go for a walk! Two AM and a walk? Dressed
like this? You’ve got to be
kidding!

She led me to the car
and opened the door for me. We
drove to Potter’s Pond County Park. The
gates were closed but no matter. She
parked on the road then we slipped around the gateposts, they were meant to
only keep cars out after hours. Toy
produced a leash and attached it to the collar. It was strictly ceremonial; at 2:30 AM no one would see us. She led me to the water and took off the leash and told me to play in
the water.

I waded out and found
that with so many layers the cold water wasn’t cold at all. I began to romp and splash the water. I splashed at Toy. She was
also dressed in only rubber with a coat over it, but her boots weren’t made
for wading or walking on grass either. I
had the advantage, sort of. Then
she switched the vibe on high ands I collapsed in a heap of writhing orgasm. I lost my footing and went under! I
exploded as I drown! Well of
course I scrambled up from the water to see Toy full of mirth from her
surprise. She switched the thing
off and I tried to recover and slog my way out of the pond. On again! I fell to the
bottom and arched my back as I came again. This time I was in shallow water and kept my head above the water, but
the waves I made from my thrashing were occasionally covering my breathing
tubes. Toy just let the thing run
this time AND I EXPLODED OVER AND OVER as the water pressed rubber close to
me.

I finally was able to
drag myself from the water but the writhing explosions didn’t stop. Toy just rocked and laughed as I writhed in all those squeaky rubber
layers in complete ands exhausting rubber lust.

Finally time to go
home. Toy spread a latex sheet on
my seat to protect it and we went home. Home
and rest, yes? NO!

Toy only allowed me
to remove the coat and the wader suit. Then
she put on her leather and we were heading outside again. This time she tossed my respirator into the car.

“It’s for show,”
she turned to me and pulled down the dry suit hood, then she pulled off the
fuck suit hood, the gag, and the other hoods. She tucked the suit hood under the back collars of the suit and pulled
the dry suit hood back on.

She gave me about two
quarts of electrolytes to drink. The
Gatoraide passed my parched throats with such delicious smoothness as she sat
and watched me quench my thirst. I
shook in orgasm as I drank.

“Such simple
pleasures cause the ultimate reaction, how nice for my Cheeks to perform so
well for me today.”

Then she got up and
said, “We’re going to Shasta Lake Head for breakfast. I know a little stand-up place where someone in a dry suit stopping for
a quick bite before a dive won’t be TOO noticeable. Best not eat much since you are going diving.” She gave me a wink.

I doubt she had
diving on her mind, we were just going out for the morning as you ordered. Of course I hadn’t planned on having rubber on my outer layer, even
the tame dry suit. Then those
buzzing toys that she switched on and off randomly, WOW. And when would she switch one on, the middle of ordering breakfast? Maybe as we strolled from car to the stand? Or while we sauntered along the dockside looking at the boats and
admiring the yachts?

We walked, she ate, I
watched and picked at my food, I exploded at unexpected times and had to bite
my lip to avoid making too much of a noise. Toy just smiled sublimely. I
think I figured out her plan. I’m
sitting here so exhausted and in about four hours it’s my turn to be in
charge but I fear that we will sleep about 12 hours of the time. I best plan the sleep time to most uncomfortable for my little Toy.

Anyway, we strolled
the dock for about two hours. My
legs were liquidy rubbery from exhaustion and orgasms… oh the orgasms! People knew what happened a couple of times. I couldn’t help it as my body rushed over the cliff and into the
carnal abyss of lust. I shook as I
held to a dock piling once. The
nearest BOAT OWNER CAME ON DECK TO SEE ME SHUDDERING. He kind of dropped his jaw but said nothing as he watched in
fascination and an obvious bulge in the crotch.

“Haven’t you ever
seen a girl in a dry suit before?” I gasped as the orgasm subsided.

“uh, well, uh, yes,
but… ,” he stopped and went back inside the cabin.

Toy just laughed at
his back. “So funny to see them
speechless when confronted with raw sexuality that they aren’t in control
of.”

“What if he calls
the cops?”

“So? You’re fully dressed and completely covered. Besides, did you see that bulge? He
loved it. He’s probably trying
to figure out a way to invite us aboard right now.”

That was when the
fellow came back on deck. Now he
was in a dry suit similar to mine and carried his respirator and mask. “May I join you in your morning dive? You seem to need a dive buddy.”

Toy looked at me and
nodded. She was ordering me to
accept!

“OK.” I said.

We went to the end of
the dock and dropped onto the float.

“You’re one sexy
diver, if I may say? What’s your
name?”

“Che… Shirley.”

“Hi Shirley, I’m
Bud. I guess we’re
introduced.”

He helped me with my
fins and respirator and I helped him with his tanks.

“Let’s get
wet!” He exclaimed as he slipped off the float. I followed him. The water was cold and I felt it on my face, though I
was plenty comfy everywhere else. The
water was soon pressing all those layers against my body and each movement was
massaging bliss. I couldn’t help
but with those things inside me I shuddered again. Bud was watching me intently and he came to me as I shuddered. He got close, must have seen my eyes and began to smile in his mask. Before I knew it he had his hands on my arms and he pulled me to his
body. My rubbery body raked
against him. My raw nerves sent
out hot pulses of lust. I’d
haven’t had a man hold me this way in years and here he was in a rubber dry
suit as he thrust his crotch against me. I
didn’t feel much through all the layers and the buzzing toys but I felt his
rod raking my rubbery crotch and I saw his lust rise to a fever pitch then
crash as he thrashed and held me and he exploded his spunk into his suit. I couldn’t help it as I came again. We held each other another few minutes and looked into eyes. I saw his naked lust fade into joyous realization. I think he might be a rubberist too. Maybe not as deeply into rubber as me. He probably owns nothing but that dry suit but I’m sure with the
right coaxing he would yield to complete rubber. That was my thought. That
was the fantasy to play out in those few minutes. Then reality and the rush subsided, almost, as we swam some before
heading back to the surface.

He helped me from the
water and thanked me for the enjoyable dive. He invited me – us – to lunch but we politely refused. Toy and I headed to our car as those evil things inside surged again
and I stumbled through another light orgasm. I looked back to see Bud shake his head in disbelief. Little did he know.

When I got to the
underwater orgasm part, Toy shook and almost drove us into a ditch. “That’ll cost you, Cheeks. No
more cums today.” She switched
off the vibe. I was actually
relieved a bit and thought that maybe there’d be some sleep. Wrong again.

She had me back in
the wader suit and doing chores until after seven then she sat me at the
computer and told me to write about the weekend so far. Now it’s 9:30 and she has given me more Gatorade to drink. She has also put all the hoods back on so I sucked the fluid through
the gag.

Now she’s teasing
me as I write.

“What will you do
to top this when midnight comes, eh?” She
swats me lightly.

“Nothing to say? Just speechless with lust you rubber slut. You don’t want it to end, do you? Maybe I should ignore Rubber Mistress’s instructions and just be in
charge tomorrow too. I’ll let
her punish me later. It’d be
worth it, I’m sure. ”

Now she’s switching
on the vibe as I type. I have to
retype everything two or more times to get all the typos out. I’d leave them but the words are completely unreadable. Here’s an example. She’s;
swuitcghewd thewm oln agaikn and I’m so cxlose gawds ik so holt thenm –
offfd. Well she switched it off
and I’m frustrated, a rubber frustrated slut. Them it’;s back ponm
agaiokna nd ik’/m shuddsewringf close tro the brinmk but offd! Damn!

Well, now I’m
typing over and over again to make it clear. I’m looking at the words above and I’m not even sure what I said .

Time to end this
until later. Maybe a new writing
tomorrow or Monday. She wants to
lock my ankles and arms in bindings and let me rest a bit. I think she wants me to sleep and miss midnight. Not a chance. I set the
alarm for 11:55 and I don’t think she knows it.

She wants me to
e-mail this to you tonight. Consider
it the first installment of my weekend.

Rubbery huggles to
you, oh Rubber Mistress Patricia.

Your servant rubber
slut,

Latexcheeks/Shirley

**The Slut Mistress
Day**

Midnight.

The first thing she
had to do was pull off the hoods and gag so I could talk. I left one hood on for good appearances. I ordered Slut Toy to remove the wader suit and the dry suit. I sat or stood while she worked to open the zippers and pull the things
off me. I kind of missed the tight
feel that the multiple heavy layers had provided. Then I had her clean the dry suit up. It needed it after the long day.

Before setting her to
the task, I pulled on one hood, then strapped the double dildo gag to her face
and pulled a second hood over that. She
looked like a rubbery unicorn of pleasure as that huge shaft waved in front of
her nose.

While she cleaned the
dry suit, I watched and flipped on her vibe at surprising moments. Once she hung it to dry, I had her take the fuck suit off me. She cleaned it out too while I watched. By now it was 1:30 AM but her work wasn’t done yet. She had lots of preparations for the rest of the day to complete. I powdered up the fuck suit. Then
opened her catsuits up to get to the vibes and such.

I ordered her to
clean herself out but not remove anything. I watched as she struggled to work the enema wand around the knickers
and thong. I asked if she needed
to do any special hygiene sort of thing too since it might be a while before
her next chance. She nodded a
“no”. The excitement probably
had most of her bodily functions disoriented.

Those knickers and
thong sure held everything tightly. Then
I had an inspiration, of sorts. The
thong has a thin enough modesty strip it could easily stay to the side. All of our knickers save one pair have sheaths for toys. I had on the one pair without sheaths. I shoved her pussy dildo into the sheath of the suit while putting the
arse plug into the back sheath. I
lined these up with the first knicker’s sheaths and slipped them in. I layered the knickers over the shafts progressively. The resulting wands were enormous! I lubed the suit’s sheaths, now filled with dildos and rubber
sheaths, and pushed the probes home. I
slipped a vibe egg into the suit above the shaft and against her clit. I eased the suit on up and made sure everything fit right. The suit is tight on her and the rubber stretched tightly over her body
leaving no ripples. The hood
sheath reversed itself as I slipped it over the dildo sticking from her mouth. I finished with a flourish of closing the zipper. I pumped up those tits just a bit to get some nice pressure on her
breasts. The nipple clamps must
have been bruising as they bit into her flesh even more. I pulled the ballet boots on her feet to finish her dress.

I led her to the bed
and had her lie down in the middle of the latex sheet. I cuffed her ankles and wrists to the bedposts. Then I slipped a strap-on around her waist and buckled it tight. Now I had a rubber fuck machine to enjoy, tightly strapped down with
two choices of toys.

I switched on her
vibe and watched her writhe and strain against the bonds as her first orgasm
of my control swept through her loins.

I let her writhe and
strain as the two vibes, the one in her arse as well, ravaged her. I finished stripping out of the catsuits and things to get the knickers
off. I cleaned quickly and put the
knickers with the sheaths back on followed by the catsuits, gloves and a hood. I opened my crotch zips and approached the writhing Toy. I eased the lubed up slits of the sheaths down on her mouth and fucked
the shaft with vengeance. I arched
my back and crushed my tush to her face as I exploded in orgasm. Her thrashing grew agitated and I realized that I’d cut off her air! Silly me. I lifted off her
and reversed my position slipping onto the shaft at her crotch. I grabbed the thing on her face with my hands and pulled at it, working
it in and out of her mouth as I rode the strap-on. Soon I exploded again and she thrust at my loins in an arching
explosion that lifted her to the extent of the restraints. Her muffled grunting and rapid breathing added to the music of lust. My own cries were audible to any who might be near.

After that second
explosion, my exhaustion from the day before hit like a hammer and I snuggled
between the legs of my spread-eagled Toy and pillowed my head on her upper
thigh and fell asleep to the lullaby of her erotic grunts and groans as those
things inside her kept her fully aroused and happy. I must say that a moving and bucking pillow is hard to sleep on but the
nice hot rubber sure felt good, as did the aromatic scent of hot woman rubbery
flesh. Bud be damned, I’ll
settle for a nice rubbery woman any time.

I doubt that Toy got
much sleep. I woke after a few
hours and knew it was time to prepare for a trip to town, well at least some
town. That meant removing the
lovely hoods and gag from Toy’s mouth. I’m
thinking that a nice facemask with accurate features would be handy. The idea of gagging and having on hoods under it is delicious to
imagine. I might have to work on
that soon.

Anyway, Toy gets to
go to town with ballet boots, blue jeans, Pendleton shirt and scarf, a
raincoat over that with belted waist, and leather gloves over her rubber ones. The leather gloves were optional but she seemed to want them today. I pulled on my ballet boots too, no sense in Toy feeling alone, and my
black rubber Mac over the blue catsuit. I
belted the Mac and had the collar pulled close to my throat. It was rainy outside and a brisk wind was blowing so things wouldn’t
be too bad for appearances.

We headed for Shasta
City and the ski bums. The tour of
the streets went as expected. There
were lots of odd looks at the boots and the gait we had to maintain. Toy shaking every so often and biting her lip caused some amused looks
and some frowns when someone realized the purport of the expressions. My collar opened slightly to reveal the shiny blue, but no one seemed
to notice. One or two asked us
about the coats. In this day and
age, good rubber raincoats are pretty much non-existent. But there seems to be a market for them based on the questions. I enjoyed the brisk wind and blowing rain while Toy enjoyed her cums of
delight every once in a while, courtesy of my switching on her remote vibe. We took the opportunity to do some Christmas shopping in the boutiques
that populate Shasta City. Of
course, it might be a bad time since the height of the ski season means high
prices but what the hey?

We got back home a
little after noon. I immediately
hooded and gagged Toy with her shaft. I
strapped the strap-on back on her waist. I
tied her back to the bed and then it was Toy playtime. I made up for the cums she got in town as I raped her rubbery body until
I was completely spent. I came in
roaring lust. I came with slow
building inner peace. I came for
lust. I came for love. I came to worship rubber.

All during this time
I kept the vibes inside Toy silent and let her suffer as I exploded over and
over again in her face, on her hot cunt and in her face again. I pulled away finally in complete and utter exhaustion, switched on her
toys and fell asleep at her side.

The alarm went off at
5:00 PM. Time to get Toy ready for
our little trip to the park. I
roused her and pulled off her ballet boots. Now she was going to get the total treatment as she gave me. I pulled the dry suit on her and the wader suit over that. I only removed the gag to replace it with a less obvious butterfly
inflatable. I’d left the
strap-on on but it was bent against her tummy between the rubber layers. I’m sure she felt its presence there.

I put on my raincoat
and handed hers to her to put on. She
struggled into the thing as the multiple rubber layers pulled and tugged in
protest to her movements.

“Time for a trip to
the park, My Toy.”

I pushed her out the
door and to the car. I drove to
the county park and had her heading for the pond. It was time for her to enjoy the pleasures of a nice rubber fucking
wade! I pushed her toward the
pond.

“Get on in there
and wade out to at least the middle of your chest.”

Then I pushed the
switch to fire up her vibes and watched her thrash, lose her balance and
gurgle into the water. The water
frothed and seethed as she exploded in orgasm. She struggled to her feet sputtering between the gag. She tried to get out of the water and I fired the thing up again. It stopped her in her tracks as another wave took her. This time she sat down on the bottom. Her head above water. Her
arms behind her back as she arched to the sky. She shook in ravaged ecstasy. The
rain beat on her hooded face and she just shook as the waves of orgasm swelled
up from her pussy and exploded over her entire body.

Then I switched the
vibes off again and she slowly returned to earth. She just sat there panting for breath and looking to the sky or to
nowhere. The water lapped at her
shoulders. I heard geese honking
in the distance.

I didn’t know what
time it was now but figured it was getting late. The rain stopped and the clouds were pushing out. The glow of Yreka could be seen beyond the hills and the stars were
starting to show. Besides the two
past days were catching up with me. I’m
not sure about Toy but I suspect that since midnight, she’s been quite
ravaged. I helped her from the
water. Water cascaded from her
coat and suits. Her rubber shone
under the slick water. That’s
what rubber is all about, a nice protection from elements without and keeping
hot desire within.

In a parting gesture
I pulled on a gas mask I brought with us and struck a pose for Toy to laugh at
internally! I spread my legs while
leaning back against a water fountain, opened my coat like a flasher (dressed
in blue rubber rather than naked) and grabbed my crotch. The flash took me by surprise. I
didn’t know Toy had a camera with her.

I thought back to
yesterday at Shasta Lake Head and Bud. He
seemed to wonder about what I wore under the dry suit. He commented that it felt like I wasn’t wearing the usual bulky
undergarments for a dry suit. I’d
told him I wore a couple of layer of spandex which kept me warm but were more
flexible and felt better than standard woolies. He had nodded appreciably at this revelation and commented that he
might try that some time. Was
there a future with this chance meeting? Was
this guy more into rubberism than he knew? These were thoughts I had while watching Toy frolic and cum in the
pond. Were these thoughts
unproductive? I don’t know.

Anyway, we got home
around 10. I helped Toy out of the
gear. It had to be cleaned and
dried. Then by mutual agreement,
we snuggled together in our rubber suits and passed out from total exhaustion. The alarm went off at five and we just had time to get cleaned up for
work.

I’m not sure when
Toy will get to her report. She
seems to be less detailed than I am anyway. I think her job keeps her busier with the little busy work stuff while
my job is less busy work but more thought provoking. Anyway, hope you enjoy this report and I’ll keep at Toy to get her
report to you.

Rubbery Hugs and
kisses

Your rubber slut
latexcheeks

**MLK Day Weekend in
SF**

Friday:

I got home and
dressed according to your instructions. I
felt a bit naked with only the ballet boots, thong and hood. I waited for Toy to get home. She’s
been very good this week. As best
as I can tell, she only came while at home. We played to “cums” only on Wednesday. It was so fun to anticipate the joys but hold back final release. I wanted to go the entire week in abstinence, since that seems to make
the erotic rush of lust so much sweeter, but Wednesday seemed to be one of
those days that we both needed a break, well we both needed some good hard
rubber relief for balance.

I waited, sipping on
a glass of water, enjoying the tight rubber on my legs and the thong pushing
up into my crack. My clit rubbed
the thong and I was feeling pretty darn horny when Toy finally got home. The boots were the first thing off. Of course, that ended up being only a temporary situation. We cleaned each other up in preparation for the long weekend. I didn’t mention to you that this was a three day weekend here. We both had Monday off too. Have
no fear, Dear Mistress, we figured out a way to entertain ourselves Monday. That’s part of the reason why this report has taken so long to write. I just wasn’t in any condition to do much yesterday but recovery from
the long weekend. It was kind of
like being on a drinking binge, but so much more fun! The intensity of my rubber exploration was surely stretched by three
days in rubber. I/we had a glimpse
of what it might be to live a 24/7 existence in rubber. What an awesome thought! Toy
was amazing in her challenge. And
it is a challenge to creatively test, please and surprise with a task. Of course, she had nothing to go on for Friday, other than your very
brief instruction, dildos and clamps (ok), vibes or cumming (not ok).

She kept the hood on
me and put one on her own head while we cleaned up and cleaned out. Five warm water flushes later I felt pretty well cleaned for the
weekend. We’d been eating little
since Thursday in anticipation of a long weekend and hoped that we’d not
have any accidents that might make it unpleasant. Toy slipped a blindfold over my eye openings. With practiced ease, she slipped the catheter into my urethra and
slipped one into her own. She
pulled up the panties with solid dildos for front and back and pushed them
inside me. She left me sitting for
several minutes. The catheter
tubes hung around the edge of the rubber. Finally, she led me into our bedroom and whipped off the blindfold. Laid out on the bed were two sets of clothes, one for each of us. I helped Toy into her matching panties. The clothes were lined up in the order of donning. First were the peephole bras and the clamps, three sets. We slipped clamps on our nipples after putting on the bras and then
rolled the panties down enough to expose our clits that were already flush
from anticipation. The little buds
were easily squeezed as we turned each other’s screw tight. I felt the sharp pain of the clamps and grimaced as Toy gave one last
twist. I felt tears collecting at
the corners of my eyes as the pain pulsed out from the three clamped erogenous
spots and washed over me. Toy was
equally in discomfort and her sharp breathing and liquid eyes showed her
torment.

Then there were two
pairs of stockings each to roll up the legs. I slowly helped Toy into her stocking and she into mine. I felt the two rubber layers covering my limbs and that old sensation
of surrender to rubber again rushed over me. Then we added a pair of panties and a pair of shorts that helped hold
the stockings in position. Then
the leotards over the shorts to keep the tops of them, or the shorts from
slipping down. Next came one pair
of shoulder length gloves each. Then
there was another hood to add, adding another tight gripping layer to my head
and its long rubber skirt flowing out over my shoulders. Then the tee-shirt over the hood which locked the hood under the
tee-shirt. Next was the first
catsuit, We helped each other into the shiny black skins that would seal all
of the intertwining layers and seams beneath us in single smooth flowing
rubber beauty. Then there was a
second pair of gloves to roll over the catsuit sleeves. I felt the second rubber layer on my fingers and flexed them
appreciatively. It’s not like
I’ve never worn more than one pair of gloves before, quite the contrary,
it’s just that each time I marvel at the close press of wonderful rubber
layers and wonder why the two of us are the only ones in this town to discover
this sensual diversion. The blue
catsuit was a final addition to the initial dressing. I pulled it on and gloried in the press of the multiple layers of thin
rubber that combined to make a squeaky, pulling, massaging, enthralling rubber
capsule. Toy worked herself
into the red catsuit for her final outer layer. She pulled the ballet boots on my feet, then pulled on her own boots.

I thought we were
finished dressing at this point but I also wondered about the rest of the
evening since dressed with hoods and so completely sealed up, going out would
be very much out of the question. But
then I suppose this night was a night of rubber torture and denial. Toy then took a spreader and added it to my ankles. She pointed for me to kneel onto a cushion, which I did. She then pulled my arms to my back and slipped our arm binder over
them. She laced the binder tight,
pulling my arms behind and hard against the small of my back. Toy locked a second spreader at my knees. She slid a lock through the ring on the tip of the binder and locked it
to the center ring of the spreader at the knees. This forced me to lean back until the bound arms were against the floor
in a most uncomfortable position. My
nipples pushed hard against the rubber layers and the clamps sent out
screaming signals as muscles were tight. Sweat
poured from me and ran down the inside layers. I was looking at the ceiling and wondering just what was next. Toy slipped a posture collar on me and next was to lock the back of the
collar to the spreader at my ankles.

As she pulled me back
against the ankles, I shuddered in a violent and spontaneous orgasm brought on
by the shifting dildos inside me. I
tensed and grunted in the gag and knew that I’d failed through pretty much
no fault. I was certain that being
pulled into the position with those things inside when at such an arousal that
failing to cum would have been absolutely impossible. I was now completely shackled into this incredibly painful position and
my arousal was pegging from the pleasure/pain that wracked my body. I wanted to explode in ecstasy and felt pulses of obscene pleasure
welling up inside my tortured body. Of
course I couldn’t move in any way to relieve the rush of lust. I could only endure the desire and feel the wondrous rubber squeezing
me in its tormenting grip. I
couldn’t even roll myself on my side because the spread of the ankles and
the way in which my hands were locked to the spreader at the knees, I
couldn’t find any way to shift or move. I was trapped in this bondage as surely as if I were locked into a
cell. I panted and sweated and
felt the surges of lust ebb and flow in me. The entire night was a painful lust desire unfulfilled. I promised revenge of some kind on Toy with each breath, especially
when she would lean into my vision and ask if I was comfortable? Then she’d dance off again. I
heard the TV through my hoods. I
knew she was just lounging about the house. I can only guess that she kept the promise to not pleasure herself,
though I will admit that if I were sitting free in the same room with a
rubbery bound rubber slut like me, I’d be hard-pressed not to play a little.

Once she asked me if
my punishment was right for my indiscretion? What indiscretion, I thought? I
didn’t count the cum since I really felt there was no control over it. Had we not been obeying the tasks all week? I had no idea what she was talking about but I had plenty of time to
think about it. After all, how
much can you do with your time when you’re so bound up other than endure the
wracking pain and think. The hours
passed and I was certain that Toy would release me. I heard my grandfather clock chiming away the time. Each quarter hour, each hour, I endured. The clock stuck ten. The
clock struck eleven… midnight.

“Off to bed for me! I’ll see you in the morning,” Toy exclaimed brightly.

I was still bound and
muscles began to ache. Legs went
numb. The clock seemed to slow. One… Two… Three… the torture dulled into monotony. Four… Five… Six. I ached
so much yet I was so aroused. My
clit surged as I tried to make something happen. Those two monsters inside me pressed each other between the thin tissue
separating them. The lack of
movement froze time and froze any teasing in place. Was one cum worth such punishment? Toy is showing a side of her I never knew existed. I had to pee a few times during the night. The pee flowed from the cath but since Toy hadn’t plumbed the tube,
the hot stuff just seeped out into the rubber layers and settled at my knees
and feet. It added an oddly erotic
pleasure to the torture. I wanted
desperately to be released from the bondage. I wanted desperately to explode in cum on cum on cum. I didn’t know what I wanted. The
idea of cumming over and over WHILE in the bondage grew in my heated mind. The idea of being a rubber slut lost in rubber slutting bondage eased
into the darkest corners of my mind. It
slipped in and out of the shadows looking to kick down the door and be right
there in my living room! I knew I
was tottering on the razor-edge of bound lust and desire. I thought about stories of rubber bondage from the Internet. I wondered how much of them were true as the victims slowly surrender
any hope and lose themselves completely to the sensual expectation and total
arousal of the situation. One
story, in particular, came to mind, it was a self-bondage story where the
victim/dominatrix literally split in the mind though one in the same. She locked herself into the bondage from which escape could be
impossible if the plan went wrong. She
had to pee until the collection bag was heavy enough to release the bondage
mechanism in which she’d locked herself. As the story went, it took three days of her sucking on her 5-gallon
water source, which she drank dry, and peeing before the thing finally
released. She’d reached a point
where she thought it wouldn’t work by the time the lever moved and the
bondage was over.

I knew that Toy was
in control of my situation and that I wasn’t in such a seemingly hopeless
position as the heroine of the story, but still I felt a kinship to the story
and a rushing wonderment at what such exquisite torture/pleasure such bondage
might reveal. Seven… Eight… Surely
Toy must be awake by now. I know
how lightly she sleeps when in rubber and it’s been eight hours since she
bid me “good night”.

Saturday

“Time to go
shopping, Cheeks.” “Have to
get you out of this now.”

Toy leaned over me
and she was already in her copper catsuit with jeans and blouse over it. Her hands were in a second pair of gloves since shiny copper hands
might be too obvious.

Well, getting out of
the bondage was easier said then done. Sure
opening up the locks and releasing the various limbs was easy, but the
screaming pain as blood returned to my legs and my muscles stretched or
compressed back to near normal positions kept any fleeting desire to cum at
bay. Toy massaged my calves hard
and worked her fingers over each leg, arms and my back. She helped me out of the stuff. Then
we had to wash out everything that was wet from piss and sweat, which was
pretty much everything but the outer catsuit. We hung it to dry then I applied myself to getting ready to go out. This meant the suit with vibes inserted into the sheaths, the boots and
my outer clothes and I was ready to go. We
decided to forgo food until we were at a restaurant, though we both knew that
eating was going to be one of those nearly impossible tasks, especially with
little friends buzzing away under our rubber second skins.

Off to Shasta City. Can’t hang out around Yreka today, not with the plans I have,” said
Toy.

Thirty minutes later
we were at the restaurant in Shasta City.

We hadn’t sat down
a minute for lunch when the vibe inside me ripped to full speed. I exploded almost immediately with a rousing yelp of pleasure that
caused the entire store to look at me.

“A reward for
enduring the night,” Toy smiled. She
seemed content to let her own stewing heat simmer as her vibes were set on
some slow setting. I watched her
glowing eyes twinkling merrily as she cranked the things up again and I
shuddered as another wave pulsed through. I gritted my teeth this time and only the rigid body and barely heard
grunts gave me away. Still the
couple next to us looked aghast at me. I
smiled. It was all I could think
to do.

“You best get used
to this because I want you publicly exploding all afternoon for my and
everyone else’s pleasure, Cheeks, my love.”

“You fiend!”

“Folks are staring,
dear.”

The waitress put our
plates on the table and looked at me dubiously.

“Let’s eat,”
said Toy and the things erupted inside me again.

This time I held
myself back enough to compose my mind to control the surge and the ripples of
lust only brought on fast breath, wide eyes and tense body. Still people who were already aware that I was in some sort of
extraordinary sexual arousal saw and knew what I did. Then the aroma! Cums, hot
rubber and sweat are really hard to hide. It didn’t take long for the people to look at both of us and wonder.

“What is that
perfume you have on?” Asked one woman.

A fellow asked,
“Are you two really as hot as you seem?”

Toy quickly responded
to him, “I’d show you just how hot we are, but you’re not ready for
us.” She pulled at her blouse
top and exposed the copper rubber of her suit. The fellow just stumbled away.

“We’d better get
out of here, Cheeks.”

“I think so,
too.”

We paid our bill and
went out to stroll the streets. Funny
how people seemed to look at us. I
felt eyes on me the whole time. A
couple of times I shook as Toy toyed with the vibes and caused me to cum. I would nonchalantly grab a light post each time she fired the vibes up
and the rumbling arousal surged in me. I
panted from the cums and I know eyes were on me.

Then there was Bud. Yep, we ran into him. He
asked me why I don’t return his calls. Toy
just grabbed my hand and laid a ripping French kiss on me while he stood and
watched. I think he got the
picture as she shook in my arms and I shook then we were both shaking and
cumming and laughing and his jaw dropped. Gawd we are bad!

“I see,” was all
he could say as he stumbled off.

“No hard feelings,
Bud,” Toy shouted after him. “Just
the best rubber girl won!”

I saw him hesitate
momentarily at that but he walked on.

I was silent. What could I say? Did I
really care? Actually, I did but
it was only fleeting care of the possible adventure of making him into a
rubber slutting toy with probably no chance of success so better off that he
have no hope and the calls stop.

“You are such a
devil!” I scolded Toy.

“You made me what I
am, Cheeks,” she replied.

“I guess I did.” Then I had a thought, “let’s go home and pack all of our gear. We’re spending Sunday and Monday in SF.”

“What?”

“I mean it. We’re going to stay at a place on Folsom and hit the fetish clubs. We can go publicly in rubber!”

I elaborated. “We get on the road in, say an hour. That’s two. We’ll be
there by eight. Check into the
hotel and pull up our hoods, slip into some more stuff and out to the clubs. They don’t care what you wear in the streets around Folsom! we get back to the room whenever and do Rubber Mistress’s Sunday
plans, only include an excursion or two to a couple of shops I know. Then back to the room for more fun and check out before noon and home
by five Monday afternoon.”

Those vibes were
driving both of us wild as we drove to San Francisco that afternoon! The only non-rubber items in the car were the clothes on our backs over
the catsuits. The closer we got to
SF, the more my stomach churned at the thought of clubbing in rubber with
other rubber/leather fetishists. SF
is the place to go on the west coast. It
has three or four stores that are well stocked with gear. It’s a haven for fetish. I
know of three clubs that have strict dress code every weekend and one has
strict code all the time.

What Toy didn’t
even realize was the Hotel Cosmo was more than just a hotel. It caters to the gay and lesbian crowd! It even has fetish theme weekends. Even if we weren’t lucky enough to catch one of them, the clientele
and the staff could care less if you strolled the halls head to toe in rubber
or visited the lounge dressed that way. We’d
be able to stay completely dressed the entire time! And that includes going outside since this was the heart of he fetish
capital of the west coast.

The Lust of San
Francisco. I left my heart there
too! Well I left a piece of my
rubber heart there. We checked
into the hotel about eight in the evening. Before we left Yreka, I’d contacted them and reserved a room. When I got out of the car, I opened my blouse to expose the rubber top
of my catsuit. Toy looked at me in
terror. I smiled and pulled at her
blouse, opening the top button. I
grabbed her hand and we walked into the lobby.

“Evening, ladies. How can I help you?” The clerk was friendly and smiling as she looked
us over appreciatively.

“We have
reservations, Kincaid?”

“Yes, Ms. Kincaid. We have you on the third floor. Please
sign the register and I’ll swipe your card.”

Toy was speechless as
I registered.

“We have a nice
disco going tonight if you want to relax some. Your more than welcome to come down any time.”

“Thank you. Are hoods ok?”

“Yes, but please
wear your room key about your neck so we know you’re a guest.”

Toy’s eyes were a
sight when that little conversation happened.

“See, Toy? They understand completely here, not like up north.”

We headed for our
room.

Now pulling up the
hoods, gagging ourselves. I
figured we weren’t home so we’d put on rubber dresses over the catsuits
and have some disco fun before back to the room and carrying out the rest of
your instructions. Besides, you
didn’t expect us to have an extra day to play.

No one took notice of
two rubber sluts strolling the halls. We
found the Disco by following the music and WOW. There were almost nothing but lesbian couples in the place. A few guys were around the edge of the room but this place was made for
women who love women. Toy and I
were the immediate center of attention, much to Toy’s dismay. We hit the dance floor and the fast beat of music carried me away. My sweaty body slipped and slid inside the rubber and I could feel
animal urges as the tight rubber massaged me all over. Girl after girl maneuvered next to us and made sure they got a chance
to rub against our rubber skins.

“Oooooo, rubber is
so kinky.”, “Oh, you look so
sexy.”, “Oh, you look like
someone I could eat.” How many
different comments did we get. “What
does that feel like?”, “Where
can I find something that looks so good?”, “What’s it like to do it in
rubber?” The questions, the
rubbing and touching went on the entire time we were there. The crowd gravitated to any part of the floor we were on. All eyes were on us. In the
shadows you could see whispered comments, smiles, nodding heads. I decided I should demand that Fetters or Stormy Leather give me a
discount in return for the advertising they got from our little dance.

The heat, the sweat,
the beat, the attention took a toll on both of us and we left for our room
after a little more than an hour. By
now it was eleven. And finally
time to get on with our weekend games. We
added stockings, panties, hoods and outer catsuits. Since the instructions included both gags for hoods but to keep them
out, we debated and decided some extra sounds from the room would be fine in
this place. Besides, people came
here to engage in carnal lust and animal delights.

Toy leaped on me as
we finished closing the last long zipper to the top of our boots.

“This is your
reward for enduring the punishment last night.”

Was the bondage just
last night? Did it start just a
little over 24-hours ago? Did it
end just this morning? Wow, so
many adventures packed into one day has run together and buried that
punishment in a distant memory. I
just laid back and let Toy ravage me. Gawd,
she is good. Stars, lights,
blinding flash and yells of passion were my present, my future, and my
forever. I exploded in convulsive
shocking power and wanted nothing to end. My mind washed clean of everything but the Now, here with my love,
wrapped in her rubbery arms, having her rubbery limbs squeezing and squeaking
against my rubbery body. Feeling
the friction of the shiny tight rubber, feeling the amplified power of
sensually released lust, feeling the building heat trapped inside the layers
and washing over my ecstatic/tortured being. One with rubber and one with Toy two rubber sluts as one together in
this tiny oasis of sexual bliss above the throbbing streets of San Francisco.

The ringing of the
phone broke the spell. My shaking
limbs just relaxing from another pulsing cum. I rolled to the phone. “Hello.”

“We have some,
well, requests that you calm down your fun or invite your neighbors to join
in.”

“Oops, are we that
loud?”

“The entire floor
can hear you.”

“OK, we’ll be
more careful.” I hung up the
phone.

“I think it’s
time for gags in.”

“Gags and
bindings?”

“Gags. You’ve been very good so far. You’ve
been my faithful Toy all day, haven’t you. I think you deserve a proper reward. Sooooooo.”

I jumped at Toy’s
pussy and started working on the vibe inside her. It had been off since we’d gotten to SF so I worked my fingers
through the layers and found its switch and got it on. Then I ordered her to cum and I rammed my hips into her lap to help. Toy shuddered and shook as pent-up passion rolled out of her body and
flooded the room with her screaming ecstasy.

“Oops, forgot to
gag,” I giggled between the words sputtering out as I pushed the gag into
her mouth to reduce the screams to grunts.

Then she exploded
again as I tightened the gag. Then
I broke out the spreader bars and the arm binder and started cuffing and
binding her. The posture collar
and the same extreme modified hogtie that I endured Friday night. I rubbed the taut rubber at her pussy and slowly worked my fingers
along the features that now showed, even behind all the layers. She shook and convulsed inside the bondage and the torture of bondage
balanced her bliss and her roaring cum fell off. I kissed her hooded face. I
rubbed up against her bound body. I
sniffed at her rubbery sex. I
drank in her musk. My hands
against her pussy, I felt a rush of heat as she pissed into her suits. I wanted to open the suits and drink her elixir. I wanted her to feel the liquid mix lubricate her body. I tasted the salty sweat on her eyelids and she shook under my body as
she swept into blissful cum.

Now I rocked my pussy
hard against her thrusting hips and we both exploded. I drove hard against her bound rubber body. She grunted and groaned as pain and pleasure swept through her.

I think she expected
me to release her from the bonds after these late-night games, but I fell off
her stretched and bound figure, curled next to her and fell into exhausted
sleep.

Sunday.

The next morning, I
checked her breathing and bonds, decided things were fine and called room
service to have breakfast brought up. Then
an odd inspiration hit me. All
doubled over the way and bound, she was less than four feet long. I thought she might fit into the duffle bag I kept my dive gear in. I went to the car and dumped the gear into the trunk and back to the
room. I woke the sleepy Toy as I
was struggling to get her into the bag. Actually
I rolled her onto her stomach, put the bag over her, and flipped her and the
bag back over. I could see her
eyes pleading from behind her hood through the open top.

“I’ll close it
long enough to get you to the car.”

Then I was off to
find a baggage cart to put my Toy bag on and get to the car. I pulled off my hoods and changed boots for the outing. I left everything else on and put on my jeans and blouse.

I pushed my cart full
of near empty bags for rubber and one very full bag of Rubber Toy to the car. Once I had her in the back seat, I opened the zipper to make sure she
had air. I pushed a tube from a
water bottle into the drinking/breathing tube of the gag. She swilled the water thirstily. I
took the empty bottle off the tube and screwed a second bottle onto the lid. She drank again.

I thought that
Fetters might have some ideas on what to do with a bound up Rubber Toy so I
headed over to the store. Fetters
is a really cool bondage store. They
have loads of gear and plenty of leather and latex too. They love interactive displays for the store too. I should have known what would happen. Toy went on display and customers had loads of fun checking out her
bondage and rubber wear. And when
they checked it out, they checked it out. Usually she got a couple of good hard strokes on the taut rubber across
her pussy. Her obvious shudders
always drew a smile. Then they
wanted to know if I was willing to check out their vacuum rack for a few
minutes. So we spent almost the
entire Sunday afternoon in Fetters and in bondage. They have this awesome chair with the world’s supply of straps and
tie downs that will keep anyone completely immobile once they are strapped in. There was this guy completely head-to-toe in heavy rubber sweating away
in the chair. The gas mask on his
hooded head was amazing and his sheathed cock bulged behind the heavy rubber
suit. It almost made me wish I
liked guys to see this awesome display of rubber and bondage lust.

The vacuum rack was
incredible. Squeezed into tight
rubber pressing the body through my rubber suits. I could hardly breathe as the rubber compressed everything. Then the customers tickling and teasing me with feather boas or just
their hands and someone occasionally rubbing my pussy hard! It was confused ecstasy. I
was embarrassed to be on public display but how could I fight the animal lust
from the teasing? I could see Toy
in her little display as well. The
rack faced her and through the transparent rubber of the rack I could just see
her form but I could sure see the teasing and attention she was getting and
her responses were very noticeable. I
thought we would have plenty to share tonight.

How many orgasms are
too many? I’ve asked that
question so many times the last several weekends. Again I thought of the question as my aching body subsided from yet
another hard cum under the rack. Torture/pleasure
in its most crystal clear form. Diamond
sharp in its exquisite clarity. All
manner of extraneous trappings stripped away to reveal the inner kernel of
pure lust. Again I kneel at the
altar of rubber bondage and lust. All
thoughts stripped from my mind save the immediate urgency to explode in
rapturous bliss and ache in the tormented consequence that is the price of
such joy. I completely lost track
of the times I came. I lost myself
in the haze of lust. The crowds
came and went in a gauzy halo of light before me. They laughed. They smiled. They envied. Their eyes
glazed. Their hands wandered to
hidden places under their clothes. They
exposed their desire to trade places. I
was the center of sexual attention and responded in wickedly decadent arousal. I never knew I could be such an exhibitionist! Regardless of the forced nature of the game, I was enthralled to be the
center of attention. I’d never
be able to do this on my own but here and now it was so right.

Afternoon came and I
was released from my rack. We let
Toy out of her bondage too. She
was much worse off for wear and had to be helped to the back where Jane (a
Fetters employee) and me massaged life back into her limbs and helped clean
her up some. She needed her
clothes washed out and Fetters has a great shower area in back. We lounged in back while Toy’s clothes dried. It didn’t take long under the heaters and fans and she was able to
dress enough to get back to the hotel in pretty short order. I sprung for a couple of new latex items as reward for our day. I got Toy a new rubber hobble dress, a real nice Morticia Addams dress. I opted to get two more pairs of Bermuda shorts and a new mid-length
dress. Fetters gave me a 15
percent discount for our participation as their displays.

Back at the hotel, we
made sure we were properly dressed as Sunday required and called room service
for a light meal and ice cream. They
came and went and we ate. Then we
cuddled and loved each other after the long day in public display. Toy told me of her fear and her surprise at arousal and ability to get
lost to the world as she blasted in orgasmic bliss when the customers teased
her. I shared my same experience
with the vacuum rack. It was
amazing how the public exposure seemed to build an additional thrill, almost
like another layer of rubber, into the equation. The physical thrill and exposure was an elixir as surely as tight
rubber. But we both agreed that
Yreka would not be a place for such games. Surprisingly, I slipped my head to Toy’s swelling chest and slipped
off to sleep as complete exhaustion took me to the land of nods.

I awoke in pretty
much the same position. Only
Toy’s head was laying on my shoulder as she slept. I looked to the clock which read 9:00, but there was light outside and
I realized it was nine in the morning! I’d
been asleep almost thirteen hours!

Monday

Wow, it was time to
get up, get clean and get home. I
knew which catsuits to wear for the trip home. We’d wear dildos, panties, stockings, clamps, gloves, two catsuits
each, thigh high boots, hoods and gags once in the car. We didn’t need to make a gasoline stop on the way so I saw no need
for street clothes. I forgot about
those few blocks of street outside of the Folsom Street area that we’d
traverse.

That settled I threw
our street clothes in a bag and took it to the car before waking Toy.

Driving through SF in
rubber is incredibly erotic. The
slow traffic and frequent stops forced us to wait, fully exposed, to the
drivers or pedestrians around us. Once
we were out of the Folsom area, the obviously curious expressions that shifted
to smiles tended to shift to shocks! I
melted under the scrutiny more than once and wanted the lights to change so
fast. The drive to I-80 was
fortunately very quick and we were only in the “hostile” area for about
four blocks before the freeway allowed only fleeting glimpses of us. Relief flushed through me as we gathered speed to head out of town. Even the toll bridge worked in our favor since the toll is collected
only when coming to San Francisco. The
relief rushed through me and I shuddered in orgasm as I stepped on the gas. Toy glanced toward me and rubbed her pussy hard to join in the fun! Gawd, what a sight, two rubber sluts rubber fucking themselves to
heaven while driving. It’s no
wonder I didn’t swerve off the road right then. It’s a wonder a cop didn’t pull us over. It’s a wonder I my carnal appetite was so unabated by the weekend
lust. Gawd rubber makes me so
horny! We rubber “F”ed each
other once we got on the open road north of Vacaville. It was so easy to forget I was driving but the road was open and clear
and no one to see us as we fled the city and left its carnal excesses behind.

The mountains and
Shasta loomed closer as we finally were slumped in exhaustion from the games. I had to concentrate on my driving even as Toy kept teasing me. Oh, the distraction of a rubbery minx! Fortunately cruise control helps keep me from stomping on the gas or
slipping off the gas as the distractions become tooooo much . I only almost missed one curve a little south of Mount Shasta on the
trip home. we got home a little
after two. And I was ready for
some hot rubber games – AGAIN.

This time we opted
for open crotches on our catsuits with those kinky knickers/hoods on. We had to get out of the driving things and clean up a little. then it was the knickers with stockings and gloves and one catsuit,
then a second catsuit, and a hood and another pair of gloves.

We pulled the
knickers’ hoods through the catsuit crotch openings then I pushed Toy to the
bed and put her legs in spreaders. I
climbed onto her rubbery chest, pushed my face between her legs, into the hood
and closed the hood zipper to lock me to her dripping essence. She did the same to me. Then
I took handcuffs and locked my arms around her waist. She understood the drill and took the cuffs that I’d handed her and
locked herself to me. Then we ate
each other into rubber bliss. Oh
her succulent rubbery juices! Oh
the heat of her rubbery framed pussy. Oh
the hard, clamped clit pulsing under my tongue. I shook in orgasm and she rolled into her own animal explosion. For an hour we drank each other’s essence. Piss gushed out twice and I drank in the salty acrid stream, seasoned
with cunt juice. Gawd the glorious
explosions, the white heat, rubber heat, rubber lust and hot rubber thighs
squeezing me, hot pussy juices flowing out of the rubbery flower of lust two
rubber sluts slutting to exhaustion. And
the finality of blissful dreamless sleep, still locked to my loves rubbery
pussy.

We slept locked as
one. I woke to her tongue probing
me again and I responded in kind. We
licked greedily at each other’s love and drank in the rejuvenating potion. My heart soared in ecstasy as I exploded with renewed passion. How can I explain such power in love after so much exhaustion. The body springs in eternal youth and rubber lust as I drink in my
love’s love. She pisses again
and my face is washed with her stinging hot piss as I slurp it down. I release my stream on her and feel her craving tongue drinking me up. I explode in another rolling cum as she shudders beneath me.

Tuesday Morning

It’s getting late,
or is that early, and time to clean up the mess, climb out of that deep rubber
hole and return once again into the world of the normal, the dull world of
daily living. Ah, to find a way to
remain in this Neverland of rubber. To
join Peter Pan in a rubber adventure to the end of time. Still the weekends are ours, even if the weekdays belong to the F&W
Department.

Again in aching
exhaustion but with that incredible renewal which comes from the crucible of
rubber lust, I prepare to meet the new day and week. I unlock my cuffs and remove my head from the hood. I help Toy from her cuffs and hood and together we clean ourselves of
the weekend. I feel that sadness
as the water washes away the weekend. I
feel that amazing joy as I feel cleansed of the past and ready to meet the
challenges of the week ahead. Then
there’s next weekend only a few days away

I helped Toy into her
daily slut training clothes before I went off to work. She chose to not cum today, at least for now. Maybe tonight, I’ll take her out in the ballets and she can pleasure.
