---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Janice 3 The Conclusion
authors:
- Pimpernell
tags:
- FF-m
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2004-04-20 00:00:00
---

**Janice in Bondage
3** – The Conclusion
by Pimpernell
Janice 3 – The Conclusion by Pimpernell

Janice’s heart skipped a beat when Mark’s eyes met hers across the dim
half-light of the Club Domino’s dance floor. Slowly he approached her booth
and stood before her.

“May I sit down?” he asked, obviously unsure of himself.

“Please do, Mark...By the way, is that your real name?” she replied.

“Yes, it is. I’m here to... make up for what I did...that other night.
Is there any way you can forgive me?”

Janice looked deep into Mark’s eyes, seeking malice and finding none...

“I-I’d like us to... sort of... start again, if we can put the past
behind us. I’ve never met someone who makes me feel like you do. I love
you, Janice, it’s only that I’m awkward with girls, always have been. Ever
since I first saw you a few weeks ago here in the Domino, I’ve wanted to
be with you, really.”

“And so that’s why you drugged me, Mark? That’s not what people normally
do”. She allowed a steel edge to creep into her voice.

Mark slumped back in his seat, convinced that Janice was about to identify
him to some waiting undercover cop.

“I’m in your hands, Janice. I’ve only been with one other girl before
you, and when I told her of my... urges, she laughed at me and told me
to get lost. I couldn’t take that again, Janice.”

“Tell me about your...urges, Mark” she prompted.

“I’m into bondage, Janice. Not pain or anything like that, just bondage
and fetish clothing. I usually keep it suppressed, but it’s always boiling
inside me. That night I did what I did with you, I hated myself but loved
what I was doing at the same time...I can’t explain it better than that.”

“What do you think we should do now, Mark?” she said.

“I’m in your hands, Jan,” he repeated “What I did was wrong. When I
said in my note that I was ready for you to hand me in to the Police I
meant it. I’m no rapist, Janice...although that’s what I did the other
night...Duh. That doesn’t sound so good, does it?”

Janice almost smiled at Mark’s confused bluster and decided to pile
on the pressure.

“Yes, Mark. There is someone else here waiting for you and I’m going
to call her over. You’re going to tell her what you’ve just told me and
I intend to press charges.” And with that she motioned Annelise to join
them, being careful to use the right signal for the strategy they had planned
beforehand.

True to his word, Mark confessed all to Annelise, whom he believed to
be a Female Police Officer. She then ‘read him his rights’ and instructed
him to leave the Club Domino quietly with herself and Janice.

Once outside, Mark was led to Annelise’s car, conveniently parked in
a shadowy corner of the Club Domino’s Parking lot. Annelise handcuffed
Mark’s wrists behind his back and sat him inside the car. The three then
drove off toward Annelise’s apartment, which had an underground parking
lot. Mark was so dejected and withdrawn into himself that he failed to
notice that this was no police Station until Annelise’s apartment door
closed behind him. Janice immediately pulled a sack over Mark’s head and
they then hustled him into a tiny closet barely large enough for him to
stand in, locking the door behind him and plunging him into darkness.

Both girls collapsed into hysterical fits of laughter and after a celebratory
stiff drink began to prepare for phase two of their plan.
.
A totally confused Mark stood in utter darkness wondering what the
hell was going on, when he heard the door to his tiny prison open. He stood
there as a collar was placed around his neck, pulling the hood closer against
his face. He then felt the tug of a leash prompting him to gingerly step
in the direction his captors wanted him to go. He was led to a toilet where
he was allowed to relieve himself. Finally he was made to stand in a certain
spot, whereupon he was given a firm push, sending him face down onto a
bed. He then felt two bodies upon his back, holding him down while ropes
were tied around his wrists. The handcuffs were then unlocked and his arms
drawn out towards the corners of the bed. His ankles were similarly bound
and drawn to the opposite corners of the bed, so that he was now spread-eagled
face down.

Jan and Annie set to work cutting Mark’s clothes from his body until
he was totally naked. Annelise then switched off the room light and removed
the hood. Janice then firmly held a cloth pad holding ether over Mark’s
nose and mouth until his struggles subsided...

Mark slowly regained consciousness, still in darkness. He could feel
his hands tied over his head and to a headboard, and his legs were spread
to opposing corners of the bed. His skin tingled, and the slight movements
he was able to make brought strange, slippery sensations to his whole body.
His legs, in particular, felt weird...

Presently he sensed movement in the room, and he winced as a blindfold
was abruptly removed from his eyes. As his vision cleared two forms before
his resolved into the persons of Janice and Annelise...and they were gorgeous!
Both were alluringly clad in black lingerie, stockings, garter belts, bras,
panties and elbow length gloves. Without a word both girls strode to his
side and placed a hand each on his thighs...again that odd silky feeling...both
hands strayed up to his genitals and began caressing his balls and cock.
He began to rise to the situation, but some something held down his cock.
He looked down at his body, and was stunned to see that he was dressed
in female underwear and a see-through full-length negligee. His legs were
sheathed in stockings, supported by a garter belt. A padded bra had been
placed on his breasts and elbow gloves completed the ensemble. The only
difference was that ‘his’ lingerie was white. He then realised with a shock
that every scrap of body hair had been removed. A glimmer of understanding
entered his mind. Janice and the other girl had skilfully engineered a
role reversal of what he had done to Janice. He wondered what the hell
they had planned...

Annelise stepped back and allowed Janice to have the first go at Mark.
Janice draped herself over Mark, writhing on his silk clad form. She opened
up the front of his negligee and undid the clasps on the ‘easy access’
panties, revealing his balls and cock. She descended slowly down Mark’s
body and took Mark’s cock in her mouth. She began licking and sucking him
slowly. Mark had never imagined himself in such a situation before, and
with the realisation that he was not going to go to Jail abandoned himself
to enjoy the unexpected situation. Janice’s caresses soon brought Mark
to the very edge, but as soon as Janice sensed the impending climax, she
immediately withdrew, leaving Mark groaning with sexual frustration...

Now it was Annelise’s turn... She advanced on Mark and replaced the
blindfold. She also inserted and fastened a ball gag in Mark’s mouth. She
then rolled a condom along the length of Mark’s penis and positioned herself
with her sex just above...then ever so slowly lowered herself onto mark,
impaling herself on his raging erection. She began pleasuring herself slowly,
then remorselessly built up the pace, until she came with a scream... Mark,
however, had not yet come, and Annelise gave him no further opportunity
to do so. She drew herself off from him, and collapsed into an armchair
to recover...

Mark was beside himself with lust. He was also frantic with the desire
to come, but was unable to stimulate himself over the edge (Janice had
slightly numbed his penis with desensitising spray before he had woken
up). Janice and Annelise kept tormenting him throughout the day, until
his swollen balls ached with cum. Finally, the two exhausted women pulled
away, and lay down beside the still bound Mark, to sleep away their fatigue.

Mark awoke the next morning, still clad in the lingerie, but freed from
his bonds. He saw the still form of Janice, asleep on the other side of
the double bed. He wondered where the other woman had gone, and who she
might have been. But for now, he had Janice. She stirred, opened her eyes,
and smiled lovingly into the face of her onetime captor. After a long pause,
Mark drew Janice to himself and they embraced, having been brought together
by bondage.

The End.
