---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Trip To Tesco
authors:
- Rupes
tags:
- MFF
- F/m
- public
- outdoors
- handcuffs
- bond
- stuck
- caught
- photo
- cons
- X
date: 2014-10-18 00:00:00
---

I have mentioned in another story that Tanya, my sister-in-law and I often play together. This is something that happened a few months ago on a late night trip there.

Tanya had come over for dinner with us as always she had dressed to tease me, boots, tight jeans, biker jacket. So sexy. We had a rather uneventful dinner chicken I think it was. Earlier in the evening Tanya had told me that she thought her car was making a funny noise, and Vicki (my partner) had just announced that she needed me to pop to Tesco’s to pick up some bits and bobs that she needed. She had thrust a list into my hand. Tanya suggested that she would come with me and then I could listen to her car and give her my opinion.

We jumped in the car and headed the 15 miles or so to the large Tesco’s supermarket that was open late. When we got there we walked arm in arm to the main door of the store. We both sat on a small rail outside and each smoked a cigarette. I mentioned it was a cold night. Tanya said she was hot, and I agreed ;-) she then took off her leather biker jacket and told me to slip it on, a great advantage of being pretty slim. She then grabbed the list, and ruffled around in the pocket of the jacket I was now wearing.

She then headed off in to the store. I stood up and was immediately pulled short by something around my wrist, handcuffs! She had handcuffed me to the pole. I checked all the pockets but she had taken the key with her. Luckily it was the late evening and the store was very quiet. However 10 minutes later two girls in their early twenties came and sat next to me to do exactly what we had done a quick cigarette before they went off shopping. A few minutes later one of them threw her cigarette on the floor and expertly stood on it with the heel of her boots. She then bent down right by my feet to pick it up. She looked up and was at perfect eyelevel to now see the handcuffs around my wrist.

She screamed, "OMG he’s handcuffed to the pole!", the other girl then came over to see what was going on.

"OOO those are real handcuffs not the cheap ones like yours", she said to the first girl.

"I know", she replied.

At this point she reached out to touch them, I lifted my hand towards her as far as the chain would go. She shivered when she touched them and then clicked them closed another notch, thanks Tanya, not double locking them!

They then took it in turns to sit on my lap and have their photo’s taken by each other. Then the first girl said, "Can I try them on?"

I was in the middle of explaining that my girlfriend had the key as it was easier to explain Tanya as a girlfriend, when Tanya appeared behind them, "What are you doing to my boyfriend ladies?" she said in a stern tone.

"Sorry we noticed he was handcuffed, do you have the key? Could we try them on?"

Tanya's face softened and she told them they could. She pulled the key out of her tight jeans and proceeded to unlock the cuff around my wrist. The girls took it in turns to be handcuffed as I was. Again more pictures, then the prettier one of the girls asked if she could put them back on me. Tanya said that was fine. The girl ordered me to turn around she then tightly locked the cuffs on my wrists, palms out.

Tanya then explained about the double lock and showed them how to activate it. They thanked her and I thought that was that. Tanya grabbed my arm and started to walk me back to the car, still handcuffed behind my back. She then stopped turned around and shouted to the girls, they turned around, "A memento for you girls", she then threw the key to them.

She then pulled me onwards to the car. We got in, "Tanya, unlock these they are tight!" I requested, she leaned over and kissed me passionately.

"Sorry, that was the only key I bought with me, you will have to wait until we get back to yours, the spare key is there".

All the way back her hand kept sliding up and down my leg. She was clearly turned on at my helplessness.

Since then I wonder every now and again what happened to the key! I often think about the same situation again and the girls come along and take me helplessly away...
