---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Hang Tough
authors:
- Gowenlock
tags:
- Sbf
- susp
- stuck
- M-f
- sex
- cons
- X
date: 2004-12-20 00:00:00
---

We live right next to a golf course, and my husband George is an avid
golfer, to the point where he owns his own golf cart, and he can take the
cart directly over to the clubhouse at tee time.

I don’t like to play golf.  I tried it a few times but I am not
very good at it, and it just doesn’t excite me.

So while my husband plays golf I play with self-bondage.  He is
usually gone for several hours, which is just about the right length of
time for me to be ready to be released when he returns.  He always
takes advantage of whatever situation I have gotten myself into and makes
me suck him or otherwise service him before he releases me, and so we both
enjoy my self-bondage.

And I enjoy being tied up hand and foot.  I like having someone
else make my sexual decisions for me (preferably my husband, but never
say “always or never”).  When I was a kid playing “Cowboys and Indians”
with the other kids, I was always the one that wound up being tied to a
tree and being groped by the boys.  The “Story of O” is one of my
favorite books, and we own a hard bound copy that sits on our coffee table.

One of my fantasies has been to be hanging by my wrists with my toes
just off the floor.  I went to my favorite hardware store and found
two hooks called “J-hooks”  (probably because they look like the letter
“J”).  They have a little ball at the tip of the “J” (this became
important!).

Our spare bedroom is also our dungeon, and we have a wood frame constructed
from 4” by 4” lumber that we use for suspension bondage.  It looks
a little like a child’s swing set with no swings.  I have occasionally
spent some time in the “strappado” position under this frame with my ankles
spread and my head down and my ass exposed.  Just thinking about it
makes me wet.  I tinkered with the wood frame until I found the correct
height for the “J-hooks” that if I was suspended by my wrists my outstretched
toes would be several inches off the floor.

On Saturday George had a 9:00 A.M. tee time and he headed out on his
golf cart.  I ate a light breakfast and took a shower in preparation
for my self-bondage adventure.

For my suspension self-bondage, I decided to be naked.  Sometimes
when I do self-bondage I dress up in slutty outfits, with a garter belt
and thigh-high black nylons and a bra that is several sizes too small. 
This time I stripped down completely and folded my clothes neatly on top
of the dresser.  I buckled on locking leather wrist straps and placed
a stool under the location of the “J-hooks” on the frame.  As a final
measure, I inserted a ball gag in my mouth and buckled it on good and tight.

I was already hot and horny, and I rubbed my wet crotch, stopping just
short of an orgasm.  I didn’t want to cum yet because it would take
the edge off.

Instead I stepped up on the stool and slid my leather wrist cuffs down
over the “J-hooks”.  I flexed my knees and tested how it would feel
to hang by my wrists.  Taking a deep breath, I stepped off the stool
and kicked it out of reach.

It felt great!  I was a happy prisoner, hanging like a slab of
meat.  I’m a tough little broad, and doing chin-ups has always been
easy for me.  I brought my ankles together and assumed the shape of
the letter “Y”.  I did the split with my legs and assumed the shape
of the letter “X”.  I rode an imaginary bicycle and tipped my head
back and laughed through my gag.  I brought both knees up to my chest
in a sort of a deep knee bend.  I found that no matter how I stretched
my toes would not touch the floor, and I was supported only by my wrists.

I also found that I could not bring myself to an orgasm, no matter what
gyrations I went through.  My groin burned like a hot poker, and my
thighs were wet.  After some “hang time” I decided it was time to
end this game and have an orgasm, and I tried to support myself with one
wrist while I slipped the other wrist cuff off of the “J-hook”.

And I found that I could not do it!  My weight made the wrist cuff
tight enough that it would not slip past the ball at the tip of the “J-hook”! 
No matter how hard I tried, I could not get either wrist free!

I was stuck.  I hung limply by my wrists trying to think of a way
to escape, but none came.  The realization that I was a true prisoner
made me even hornier, and I squirmed and turned with no result.

My toes hung just a few inches off the floor.  No matter how I
stretched I could not alleviate the weight on my wrist cuffs.  Sweat
trickled down from my armpits.  I tilted my head back and looked at
the ceiling while my hair hung down to my shoulder blades.  Drool
from my gag dripped down onto my breasts.

Time passed but there was way to measure it.  My groin burned and
my thighs longed for attention.  I slipped into a sexy daydream in
which I was a captive of pirates who had me hanging naked from a yardarm
on their ship while they consumed rum and gambled to see who would get
me first.

Potential release came in the form of my husband, George, returning
from his golf game.  He walked around me, taking in my predicament
and savoring the sight of his wife hanging naked and helpless.  He
ran his fingers up my armpits and tickled me (I am ticklish).  He
stroked the bottom of my feet (also ticklish) and I kicked out to get away
(until he threatened to also tie my ankles).  He played with my breast
and my nipples until I moaned with pleasure into my gag.

Since George is a few inches taller than I am, my hanging bondage state
put our faces at the same level.  He smirked at me and wiped the drool
from my gag around on my breasts and abdomen.

Taking some drool on his finger for a lubricant, he plunged his finger
into my ass while simultaneously invading my vagina with his thumb. 
It felt great!  Deep in my entrails, his thumb and finger stimulated
my most intimate parts.  I tilted my head back and moaned with pleasure
and humped against his hand.  When I was almost ready to come, he
withdrew.  I humped the air in frustration to no avail.  The
air reeks of sex.

Stepping back, George slid out of his clothes.  Removing his belt,
he strode around my dangling body while slapping the belt against his thigh. 
I squirmed in anticipation the blows that were apparently about to arrive.

Crack!  The belt across my dangling buttocks made me shriek against
the gag.  Crack!  Another blow, this time across my thighs. 
There will be black and blue marks, and it will be difficult to sit down
for a day or so.

But now George dropped the belt and removed my gag.  I worked my
jaws gratefully, glad to be able to speak again.  Since we are about
at the same height because of my hanging position, he kisses me long and
passionately.  At the same time he grabs each of my buttocks and spreads
my legs and slides his dick into my wet vagina.

George has a nice dick and I am very fond of it.  He is big and
hard and I am almost impaled on it and it feels great and I blubber like
the happy prisoner that I am.  He plunges hard against me and feels
like he is stretching my body to the limit.

Suddenly I realize something else.  In George’s embrace, my weight
is no longer on my outstretched leather wrist cuffs.  Now that there
is some slack, I am able to free my wrists from the “J-hooks”.  I
embrace George enthusiastically as he holds me off the floor.  I wrap
my legs around him and dig my heels in the small of his back and surrender
to a mind-bending orgasm.  My head spins and I almost faint from the
sensations while George also comes.  I can feel his hot juices spurt
inside me and he staggers across the room, still holding me up.

Later, our breathing returns to normal and our sensations subside. 
I look up at my “J-hooks” and think about raising them a few inches so
I can hang a naked George up there with his toes off the floor!
