---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tied Up
authors:
- Fred Banks
tags:
- n/a
---

\*
\*
She’d tied him like this and left him for a while. It was probably
only 5 or 10 minutes, but he couldn’t tell for sure, since he was blindfolded.
He couldn’t complain about it much, as there was a scarf with a knot in
it in his mouth, tied around his head.
He had let her tie him like this. He didn’t realize she would gag him,
blindfold him and leave. Nothing to do but wait. His arms were a little
sore, and there was a dull ache in his nipples, but otherwise he didn’t
hurt anywhere.

Before she began, she made him lean over the chair, spreading his legs.
She had slowly inserted a small butt plug in to his ass. Then she sat him
down. He was naked, sitting in a chair. His ankles were pulled back and
tied to the rear legs of the chair, pulling his legs apart. His arms were
up and his wrists tied together behind his head, the rope pulled down tight
and tied to a cross bar on the bottom of the chair. This caused his arms
to be open wide. It was a fairly simple job, and he had no real leverage
to move around much.

Then she did things he wasn’t expecting. First she put the scarf-gag
in his mouth. Then she showed him the nipple clamps. She pulled off the
rubber-protective ends before attaching them to his nipples, the metal
biting into his tender flesh. They weren’t too tight, but a bit uncomfortable.
She tested them by tugging on them, they weren’t coming off. Finally, she
added the scarf blindfold. She told him she’d be back in a little while.
She had rubbed his hard-on before she left, only briefly, though. He longed
for her to come back and touch him again.

Eventually, he got his wish. He felt her between his legs, startled
because he hadn’t heard her approach. She took his now flaccid penis in
her mouth and sucked until it was hard. She told him he couldn’t cum until
she said, then proceeded to give him a wonderful blow job. She knew just
how to do it, licking on the sensitive underside, just below the head,
moving up and down, tickling his balls.

"Please," he begged through the gag. She stopped to reach up and untie
it, then bent back down to continue.

"Please," he asked again.

"Please, what?" she asked.

He wasn’t sure what she wanted. "Please, I, I’ll do anything, please."

She didn’t reply, but slowed her activity down a bit, teasing him.

"Please….Mistress," he begged.

She stopped. He almost whimpered. Had he said the wrong thing? Then
he felt as she poured a small amount of lubricant on his hardened dick
and began to pump it up and down.

"What do you want?" she asked, in her teasing voice.

"Please, I want to cum," he replied.

"Okay, you may," she said, finally.

She kept on pumping, making sure she was teasing his balls, and rubbing
the sensitive spot, and in a few moments he came, moaning loudly.

When he regained his senses he said, "Thank you, Mistress."

"You’re welcome, slave," she said. She retrieved the gag and put it
back in his mouth, tying it around his head.

Then she left again.
