---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/badbargain2cont.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'Bad Bargain 2: The Story Continued'
authors:
- Kim Manners
tags:
- M/f
- magic
- transform
- bodyswap
- MF/f
- bond
- bdsm
- oral
- cons
- X
date: 2008-01-27 00:00:00
---

[This story is the sequel to [Bad Bargain 2](bad_bargain2.html) by Lobo De La Sombra: An excellent story which should be read before this one. The concepts, ideas an predicaments set forth in that story were so inventive and powerful they absolutely required an expansion. --KM]

The gorgeous brunette forced her face against the cold window. Condensation chilled her skin where the glass touched it. She would have cried out, but her mouth was stuffed with an enormous red rubber ball gag. She gazed out into the dark night outside, her rapid breath fogging the window and obscuring the view.

It's still night. Thank God.

She tried to concentrate on her situation, figure out a way to save herself. It wasn't easy to think straight with the senses overloaded, agony, pleasure, pain and bliss all together and everywhere. At least her hands were half-numb: they were bound in a tight reverse prayer, wrists bound both together and to a steel posture collar, her fingers almost touching the back of her head. The collar was beautifully designed in elegant curves, immobilizing her slender neck, and it attached to more than her useless hands: Leather harness straps attached to rings all over it's circumference,  crisscrossing her toned, curvy body. Additional cuffs and chains secured her thighs and ankles together. An extremely tight rubber crotch strap held in a pair of slowly buzzing intruders, keeping her near orgasm for hours. Finally, her round, large breasts, decorated with small gold nipple rings, were chained, the swinging and tugging striking sparks of pleasure.

Physically, she was in heaven. But she was still terrified.

It took all of her effort to extricate herself from the soft bed across the room and inch over to the window, where she looked out with increasing anxiety. The effort of straining against her bonds had brought her to near-orgasm multiple times, and now she leaned against  the cold window, breathing hard from her nostrils, saliva dripping from her gagged lips onto her breasts.

It's still night. But that won't last. Morning will come, and if nobody comes to free me by then I'm dead.

Tears welled in her eyes as she pondered her fate. The first faint violet smears of gathering dawn slowly appeared on the horizon. She closed her eyes...

\*\*\*

In the weeks and months since Charles Wendt worked his magic on them, Janet and Bob had adjusted to their strange new lives. As a punishment for Bob's cruelty and abuse, every weekend they would swap bodies. Janet, in Bob's tall, powerful male body, would dominate Bob, petite, female and vulnerable.

This bizarre unexplainable situation  required the couple keep out of sight every weekend: they quickly lost touch with friends. They moved halfway across the country to Southern California to keep their family at arm's length. Their literal double lives kept the couple close to each other.

Bob's attitude changed as the weekends rolled on. He originally dreaded the weekend, waking up every Saturday morning with long hair, full breasts, and no cock to speak of. Janet would tower over him, broad-shouldered and muscled, and he would be helpless to resist her. In the early weeks she would tally his misdeeds and invent new punishments. Simple bondage and crotch-straps gave way to leather cuffs, gags, paddles and whips. Because the spell that swapped their bodies also protected them from permanent harm, Janet could paddle his ass raw every weekend, and did-- And when Monday came  not a single mark showed on either of their bodies.

Bob found his dread waning, turning to something else. The spell had made it's intended affect on him: To save him from her imaginative bondage and surprisingly cruel discipline, he became a more loving and attentive husband during the week. This pleased Janet, and she eased up on Bob on the weekends, sometimes just leaving him crotch-strapped.

Bob was initially relieved, but he soon found he was starting to miss Janet's domination. She had forced him to truly explore the depths of his endurance, to experience pain and forced pleasure he had never even known existed. Bob learned how to fully use his female body, how to extract pleasure from every part of it. He became adept at fellating Janet, borrowing techniques he'd seen and liked, his former mindless habit of watching porno tapes finally becoming useful. Bob found giving her male body pleasure intensified his pleasure as well. But bondage, something he had previously explored crudely with Janet, was something magical when it was his feminine body was being restrained. It held in his pleasure, intensified it.

One Saturday morning, when Janet had tied his wrists to his ankles, positioned him at the edge of the bed and forced him to go down on her cock, Bob came to a strong personal revelation as he rhythmically moved his head up and down her shaft. He realized how safe and loved he felt: He had given her total control.

Janet looked down on Bob's helpless body, his lips working her cock, building to a monumental release.  Like Bob, she also pondered her situation.

Janet had witnessed Bob's change of heart and she enjoyed how much easier her life was without his abuse. She was more relaxed during the week, and when she woke up in her male body she reveled in it's unique sensations as much as her husband did in her body. She loved the sharp intensity of the male orgasm. She was amazed how easy it was to dominate Bob, how receptive and sensuous he could be when he was trussed up and helpless. But as the weeks passed and her tormentor became the tormented, and her life improved during the week as well as the weekend, strange feelings grew in her mind.

Janet finally came to realize what that strange feeling was, clearly and undeniably, a revelation strong enough to cut through her huge orgasm and the pleasure of seeing her warm seed splayed across Bob's cheekbones and glisten in his long brown hair.

“Oh, GOD! I'm so fucking hot right now!”  Bob panted, his eyes closed. “Please, baby, please finish me off! Turn me around, stuff me, put it in me!”

But she didn't. Janet just kneeled down right in front of Bob, waiting. Bob, lost in the intense pleasure of bondage and pre-orgasm, almost did not not notice. But in a few moments he did, his almond-shaped green eyes meeting hers.

“What? What's... What's wrong, Janet?”

“I'm not sure. But something is definitely wrong.”

\*\*\*

Janet sat cross-legged on the floor in front of the still bound Bob and explained as she cleaned off his face. “The spell, or whatever it was, it had a purpose. It was cast to teach you a lesson, to make you a better person. Well, it did. You're as good a man as I could ever have hoped for.”

Bob blushed a little. “Thanks. It took a lot to get through to the dickhead I was, but it worked, I guess.”

Janet shrugged. “Sure, but now what? I just realized this... spell is one-sided. Sure, I got to pay you back, to tie you up every weekend, to make you helpless and vulnerable. Make you feel the way I felt back on the bad times. But lessons come to an end. What do I get now? I lose my body every weekend, and you get to use it.”

Bob seemed puzzled. “Sure, but the same goes here. I lose my body every weekend too. Don't you enjoy being a man sometimes?”

“Sure I do. It's amazing, in fact. But can't you see? This reason the spell was cast has been resolved. But it's not ending. And now... it's like you're getting a lot more out of our weekends than I am.”

Bob suddenly felt wanton, greedy, trussed-up and naked in front of her. He found her point impossible to argue. “I probably am. God, you say it that way, I kinda feel like shit. Selfish, you know?”

“Don't feel selfish, Bob! I don't blame you. You're just trying to get off, living a fantasy, and you're not hurting anybody doing it. I blame the spell.”

“Janet, what can we do about it? Whoever did it to us has never reappeared. That shop you got the vial from has been closed for months. We're stuck like this.”

“Are we? Really? We need to find out.”

\*\*\*

Bob and Janet talked through the night, both trying to find a way to both restore some control over their own lives-- while keeping each other happy at the same time. In time they devised some ways to test the limits of the magical bondage which entrapped them both.

When the pair moved to Los Angeles in order to keep their bizarre charmed lives secret, Bob simply transferred to another menial job in the box company he worked for in his old town. A bad, abusive, boorish husband makes a bad, boorish employee, and he perpetually hovered on the edge of termination. But as the lessons contained in the wizard's spell worked into his personality, his new kindness and attentiveness gained favorable notice. He rocketed up the company ladder, from manufacturing to supervisor to junior executive. About the time of Janet's revelation Bob had just been promoted again to product manager.

The money, flexibility and perks of this position allowed a few of their ideas to be put to the test. Janet was able to quit her miserable Post Office job, which allowed her time to try to find the wizard who enchanted them. It was also something Bob wanted to do because being able to solely support her made him happy and proud.

The first thing they tried to figure out was the exact mechanism of the transformation. The process always began exactly at dawn Saturday and ended at dawn Monday. The progression was always the same as well: Numbness, starting at the tops of their heads, followed by blackout. The transformation proceeded to the tips of their toes and took about a minute. They videotaped themselves at the moment of change: Their bodies simply morphed, like a movie special effect.

To find out if they were swapping minds or bodies, One week Bob volunteered to stay bound with tight leather straps through the end of the weekend. He probably should have thought it through more carefully: when Janet awoke in her body moments after the swap she was naked-- and she saw Bob, fully male,trussed up in a harness far too small for his large frame. He was bug-eyed, gasping for breath, the now-too-small leather posture collar asphyxiating him. She quickly unbuckled the collar before he lost consciousness. It was a nearly deadly mistake, but they learned their bodied did indeed transform into each other's-- And the life-preserving protection on both of them during it's effect ended with it.

Another thing the mysterious wizard mentioned during his fateful and only appearance in the couple's lives-- “Each Saturday morning you will swap bodies for the weekend, no matter how far apart you are”-- Was put to the test. Bob's new job had travel options, and he volunteered to take a product-compliance tour of his company's manufacturing facilities in Great Britain. He carefully scheduled his itinerary to allow him to be in his hotel room in Northeast England from Friday morning through the weekend.

Dawn broke Saturday morning over the North Sea, shining into Bob's hotel room in Hartlepool. He got up and padded to the mirror-- and was greeted by a familiar voluptuous female form. He quickly fired up his laptop, activated the webcam, and connected up with Janet, 8000 miles and eight time zones away in El Segundo. Janet was still Janet. Two identical, lovely female faces stared at each other's web images in amazement. Eight hours later, when the sun rose over Southern California, Janet assumed Bob's form right on schedule.

“Logically,” said Bob, “We could move someplace north of the Arctic Circle. We could stay in our our own bodies all winter. From the very first Saturday the sun doesn't come up over the horizon until the first Saturday it does.”

“No way,” she replied in Bob's baritone. “I hate the idea of being that friggin' cold.”

\*\*\*

Time passed. Janet, using every resource they could afford, diligently searched but never found a trace of the mysterious warlock who supplied her with the potion that fateful day. She ruefully came to the conclusion that someone powerful enough to enchant them so profoundly was also powerful enough to easily elude any efforts to locate him.

In the meantime both of them concentrated on healthy living, as they were now fully acclimated to Los Angeles, where appearance is pretty much everything. Bob's body became lean, bronzed and well-muscled, his proto-beer-gut replaced by a rippling six-pack. Janet also exercised, her naturally lovely body became, though effort, something close to the female physical ideal. About they only modification that seemed out of the ordinary were Bob's tiny gold nipple rings. He got them put in as a sort of experiment-- and was pleased to see to see they ended up every weekend on the tips of his full, heavy breasts.

But the passage of time had other effects. Though Bob and Janet had tried hard to find a way to accommodate each other as best possible, negative feelings began to dominate their lives, even on weekends. Janet was beginning to become consumed with guilt for getting both of them into this strange, inescapable situation. She would still try to be as inventive as possible in her bondages during the weekends, but her heart wasn't in it. She felt more trapped than ever, and though she felt Bob deserved much credit for turning his life around for the better, resentment was starting to build.

Bob, still feeling selfish in wanting Janet to dominate his female body, began to retreat from her. He would spend his weekends alone in their large home near the Pacific, indulging his submissive fantasies through elaborate self-bondage scenarios. The protection aspect of the spell allowed him to explore extreme forms of restraint.  He would wear a latex breath-control hood and handcuff himself, gasping through the tiny hole. He often wore thick latex panties equipped with two giant dildoes, his hands slip-knotted behind his back, from Saturday morning until Janet freed him Sunday night. Bob  realized he enjoyed hard restraint for the pure erotic thrill it gave him, but darker feelings colored his efforts. He could never permanently harm himself in female form-- but maybe he wanted to.

\*\*\*

Then, about three years after the wizard's spell was first cast, a true crisis entered the increasingly estranged lives of Bob and Janet: The annual holiday party thrown by Bob's company. It was on a Saturday, in a nice hotel in Santa Monica, and there was nothing Bob could think of to escape attending. His career was beginning to stall a bit, partly due to his absolute inflexibility with weekend overtime and refusal to attend important weekend conferences. He had to show up for this-- or risk never being promoted again. Using photos and descriptions, Bob trained Janet how to recognize and correctly interact with his co-workers; Janet showed him some of the finer points of feminine comportment and appearance, set his hair and did his makeup.

It went remarkably well at first. Janet-as-Bob, in a sharp narrow-collared tuxedo, said the right things and laughed the right way at the right jokes. Bob-as-Janet, stunning in an elegant red dress and perfectly styled hair, was ogled by some of his coworkers and envied by others. The pair drank, mingled, and eventually drifted separately through the boisterous party.

Janet was at the bar getting a fresh beer when a woman slipped up behind her and slid a hand under her jacket, feeling the linen shirt and her rock-hard abs.

“Mmmmm... Is that Egyptian cotton?”

Janet turned around and faced an extremely attractive blond wearing a low-cut empire-waist dress. She couldn't have been older than twenty, and looked even younger still.

“Absolutely correct,” Janet replied. “Dry clean only.”

The blond smiled strangely as she looked up at Janet. “You don't remember me, do you?”

Janet shrugged. “You have me at a loss.”

“Michelle Dietrich, from Human Resources. Well, I've only been here a few months.”

“Pleased.”

Michelle changed gears: her lids became heavy as she drew close to Janet. “You probably didn't notice me much, but I noticed you. You are the hottest man in our office.”

“Wow. Thanks. Uh--”

“--You're even hotter than the FedEx guy.” The blonde downed her Appletini in one gulp. “Look, I'm getting pretty fucked up, and I know you're married 'cause I read your personnel form. But would you-- would you-- Aw shit, I've never done this before.”

Janet was consumed with curiosity-- and was getting a little aroused. “Would I what?”

“Would you... Like to come up to my room?”

\*\*\*

Across the room, in a darkened glassed-in patio, Bob was just as cornered as his wife. But unlike her, he was being tag-teamed.

Eric Branch, the slick-as-hell general sales manager, had just returned with a fresh Manhattan for Bob, who was feigning a demure attitude. Inwardly, Bob was highly amused by Eric. Eric was one of those guys who won't shut up at toilet stalls. He was the kind of guy who told you what sort of sexual conquests he had while on sales trips. And as he offered Bob the cocktail, Eric stood back and draped his arm around his knockout of a wife. Maria Branch was tall, slender, smoldering hotness in a shimmering sequin-spangled dress-- and her eyes had been locked on Bob since he had walked into the patio minutes ago.

“Here you go Janet,” Eric said. “Look, if I had known Bob was hiding a honey like you at home I would have asked you months ago. What do you think?”

Bob was speechless. Maria took the moment of silence to approach Bob and, under the cover of the relative darkness of the patio, started caressing bob's shapely ass. She kissed him-- Bob could not believe how long her tongue was. When she drew back Bob was gasping-- and could feel how wet he was getting down below.

“Come on, Janet,” Maria said. “It'll be great. Bob told Eric you were into the same things we are.”

Oh shit, Bob thought. I sure did. That time last August they worked a convention downtown and ended up at the Bonaventure bar and they traded stories. He got a bit loose with the details. I told him what I did to Janet every weekend-- But it was really what Janet was doing to me!

Eric added,“You can invite Bob, if you want.”

Bob slowly backed away from the pair. “Uh, wow. Tell you what: I'll find Ja—Bob.  Be right back.”

 Bob found Janet near the elevators-- She was looking for him as well. Bob looked flustered. “I don't exactly know how to ask you this, but I was talking to--”

“--Don't say another word,” Janet replied. “I just met Michelle from HR. And she, uh, wants to...”

Bob smiled. “She's a stone fox, huh? Well, Eric Branch and his wife just made me an interesting offer.”

“Eric AND his wife?”

“Yeah. Janet, we might be onto something. Maybe if we, uh, explored outside our marriage, it might break the spell--”

Janet laughed. “Don't make excuses. Just go have fun. I think it might be good for both of us.”

“Good enough. When are you coming home?”

“I'm meeting her upstairs. I'll be home tomorrow morning. Keep in touch with me. If I don't hear from you by sunset tomorrow, I'm going to assume you're in trouble.”

\*\*\*

The evening for Janet proved extremely memorable. When Michelle got Janet to her room she attacked her with kisses. But at the moment when things were getting serious Michelle admitted she was embarrassingly inexperienced in bed. Janet was touched by her genuine vulnerability and they spend an hour just hugging. When the young woman began to feel more secure Janet proposed a way to remove any fears she might have of poor performance. She fished a few pairs of pantyhose out of Michelle's travel case and began to secure her to the bed, hand and foot, spread-eagled and naked.

 Michelle was panting with lust before Janet secured the last knot. She hovered over her love mound, framed by the barest wisp of blonde hair. The first few tentative licks sent her screaming with delight. Janet was not just aroused: She was filled with curiosity. She thought, Just what, exactly, is this girl capable of? Let's find out...

As Janet caressed Michelle's small but firm breasts and watched her writhe in pleasure, she also realized she was positively giddy. Michelle reminded Janet of herself, when she was her age. Innocent, eager, sensuous. Unspoiled by stretches of bad marriage and not living under a curse of a spell. I can't be like she is, I can't be that innocent and trusting, not ever again, she thought: But, as she added  as she brought her rock-hard member into position over Michelle's wet, virginal-looking slit, Damn if this is just about as good.

\*\*\*

Meanwhile, in the bedroom of Eric Branch's Mission Revival house in Hancock Park Bob had his head deep in Maria's crotch. He was on all fours on a thick rug, wrists and ankles shacked. He worked her pussy hard, trying to stay on target despite the deep thrusts from Eric, taking him from behind.

Maria tugged on the leash connected to the strict steel posture collar around Bob's neck. “Mmmm! Yeah! Deeper, harder, bitch! That's good!”

Moments later, both Eric and Maria came. Just when Bob felt an orgasm build, Eric pulled out. “Oh no. Not yet, Janet. We're not done with you yet.” Maria, as if on cue, threw the leash to Eric and he yanked Bob to his feet. “Let's see what you're capable of. If Bob wasn't bullshitting, it's quite a lot.”

Maria got up off her chair and opened the armoire, filled with kinky toys. She picked a slender braided leather buggy whip. “Start with this one, Eric.”

Bob stayed quiet as Eric secured his cuffed hands to a waiting overhead rope. Maria walked up to her and started gently tugging on his gold nipple rings.

“You kinky little thing,” Maria cooed. She gave the rings a tug, causing Bob to cry out. As if in answer, Eric came down across the backs of his shapely thighs with the whip.

Tears ran down Bob's face. Tears of joy.

\*\*\*

Bob spent the next day as Eric and Maria's sex slave. Early in the day, Eric dressed Maria and Bob in identical harnesses and restraints and let them play with each other, blindfolded and gagged, while Eric watched. But later the couple settled on dominating Bob together, in all sorts of imaginative, energetic ways.

Some of the Branch's boundless energy was supplied by drugs. Eric had an impressive mound of coke on the coffee table the pair would occasionally indulge in. Bob declined all offers to partake. As he watched them snort up he thought, I may have had a lot of personal problems in the past, but at least I didn't do drugs and make them even worse. It worried Bob a little, but he remembered the invulnerability afforded in his female form.

Around sunset on Sunday Eric and Maria devised the ultimate tight bondage for their voluptuous slave: a full-body harness. His arms were tied together in reverse-prayer fashion, an extreme position which amazed both of them. Eric produced a huge rubber ball gag, and Bob had to finally protest.

“Eric, Maria: This has been great, but it's getting late and I need to get home. Please let me out of this.”

“Nonsense,” Eric replied, a bit woozily. “Bob told me you don't have a job to get up for. I'm sure he won't mind.”

Bob began to panic. “No, no, I need to get home now-noghumff. Ngggg!”

Eric strapped the ballgag in place. “Don't be a party-pooper, Janet. We're not done having fun yet.”

Maria came up to the tightly bound, defenseless Bob and clipped a heavy chain to his nipple rings. She let the chain drop and Bob screamed into the ball gag. The weight was agony: his breasts had been whipped and abused for hours and were very tender.

Maria laughed. “See? Why stop now? Tomorrow, we can all go out for pancakes.”

As if on cue, the cellphone in Janet's purse (which, for this weekend, was Bob's purse) chimed. Eric fished it out, looked at the caller ID and frowned. “Hey, this call is from you, Janet! What, you and Bob get your phones mixed up? Well, to indulge in a lame-ass joke, you can't talk right now. You're all tied up.” He giggled as he flipped it over, pulled out the battery and the phone went dead. He then came back to the job at hand.

As Bob cried and thrashed, Eric finished off their bondage creation: two enormous remote-control dildoes were stuffed into Bob's already abused and sore pussy and ass. Finally, a thick, tight rubber crotch strap was cinched into place, driving the intruders home. Eric and Maria sat on the couch, finishing the last of the coke, watching their sexy bondage slave girl jump to the tune of the remote controls.

\*\*\*

Bob was still in the same tight bondage twelve hours later as he watched the dim crepuscular light outline the distant skyscrapers of downtown Los Angeles.

Fifteen minutes, tops, and the sun comes up,  he thought. When I transform, this steel collar is going to squeeze my windpipe closed, and that's all she wrote.

He had screamed through his gag and cried and tried to get the pair to unlock her in every way possible when the evening became late and Eric and Maria started crashing from the depleted coke supply. But Bob's frantic thrashing only served to put Eric in a worse mood: He threw his slave girl in a small guest room, still tightly bound, and he and his wife crashed in their bedroom. They crashed hard: No amount of noise he was able to make all night would roust them.

 Bob had a rueful thought: Well, at least when they find me here in the morning, dead and male, those cokehead assholes will have some explaining to do. A LOT of explaining.

SMASH! Bob heard glass breaking downstairs. A door opening. Footfalls.

Eric's slurred voice: “What the fuck are you doing here?”

“Where is she?”

“Who? Maria?”

“Don't fuck with me, Eric!”

“Upstairs.”

The door to the guest room burst open and Janet burst in, frantic. Her masculine body filled the doorframe. She laid eyes on Bob, framed by the window and the gathering dawn. Tears streamed down his face. She looked at his extreme, elaborate bondage and said “Oh, shit!”

Eric came up from behind him. “Cool, huh? God, your wife is a freak! We had so much--

“--Get the fuck out NOW!!!” Janet slammed the door closed.

Eric, his sensed severely dulled from a nonstop day of debauchery, listened to frantic activity in the room from the hallway: slapping sounds of harness straps, metallic clinks and jingles-- but no talking at all. Then, the very moment dawn sent shafts of yellow light into the hallway outside the guest room, he felt two heavy thumps--  then total silence.

Minutes passed. Eric's foggy mind began to clear a bit, and he started to become concerned. He heard activity slowly renew. Maria groggily came to Eric's side in the hallway, carrying a spare bathrobe. Eric decided to risk entering the guest bedroom.

Inside they were greeted by a curious sight: Janet, their sex slave, nude and free of any bondage. She seemed shocked by Eric's gaze and covered her body with her hands. Bob was sitting on the bed, shirtless, buckling up his pants. But the sight they both found incredible: The woman they had spent the better part of a day whipping, binding and screwing appeared completely unmarked.

Eric and Maria were too stunned to move. Bob reached over and grabbed the bathrobe out of Maria's hand and covered Janet with it. Bob silently finished dressing and he and Janet brushed by the speechless couple. They left the house without saying a word.

During the drive back to El Segundo Bob opened up. “I had no idea they'd get all coked up and leave me there like that. Thank you for saving me. How the hell did you do that?”

“I slept with the girl from Human Resources, remember? All I had to do is call her. She has everyone's address.”

Bob leaned back, closed his eyes. “Let's never do that again.”

Janet smiled. “Not so fast there, Chief. It wasn't all bad. We just have to be more careful, that's all. Still, I have to admit ever since I couldn't reach you last night I was scared shitless.”

Bob was dumbstruck. “I so sorry--”

“--Aw, honey, You don't have to be sorry. I'll make you pay for it next weekend.”

 The End
