---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sam and Em
authors:
- ForeverAltered
tags:
- F-f
- fpov
- bond
- oral
- buttplug
- naked
- blindfold
- cuffs
- toys
- tease
- rom
- cons
- X
date: 2023-03-26 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 11

"What the hell is that?" I asked, looking at the two small shipping crates that filled the backroom of the shop.

Not a single day was the same whilst I worked at Tanya's shop, it was nearing the end of a busy day when a delivery man knocked on the door, after a short conversation with him and watching him try not to glance at the sexual objects that littered the shop as he loaded the two large objects onto a pallet truck and took it to the warehouse, I had never seen a grown man blush so much as he passed dildos, latex clothing and a barrage of other sex toys.

I apologised to him as he left as I felt sorry for the man, this shop wasn't for everybody and he was forced by his job to come in and drop off the mysterious items.

"I'm not sure what it is," Becky murmured to herself as she flicked through the invoice pages, "Half of these words are in Chinese."

I walked around the boxes to give myself a clue, they were about four foot tall and six foot wide, the strangest thing about them is they were wooden shipping containers that required a crowbar to open, not the usual cardboard boxes we get in everyday. The only information they gave were a series of numbers and letters, nothing to indicate what sat inside them.

Becky gave me the invoice, asking if I could make sense of anything, but when I looked I got the same information as her. Our address was the only collection of words that made sense in my mind, the location of where they came from, the items themselves and everything else was written in Chinese, only the two words 'Wooden restraint' stood out that I could understand.

"Oh good!" Tanya squealed with joy behind us, "They finally came! I was worrying they wouldn't come in time!"

"What are they?" I asked, giving her the invoice.

"I'll show you tomorrow, I'll open them tonight and we will bring them with us."

"That's another thing we are bringing with us, I thought the truck was completely full?"

She gave me a sly wink, "Oh, there is always room for more, are you two excited?"

I wasn't as excited as Tanya, she had been like a kid in a candy store for the last few weeks, it had been the only conversation to come out of the larger woman's mouth since she found out about it. Tomorrow, we are closing up shop to head to the city for something called a 'Kink convention', a large hall where hundreds of vendors go to sell their wares. Tanya explained to us that it was one of the biggest kink events in the country and being there would be excellent for the business.

"Do you need help getting it on the truck?" Becky asked, looking over the size of the box.

"No, it's fine. I'll use our dump truck and if I need help, I'll just get my boyfriend to help." Tanya couldn't help but smile as she said that last part, "Okay, I'm going to go lock up, you guys go home, get some rest and I'll see you tomorrow."

We all said our goodbyes as me and Becky entered the other room at the back. It used to be an office which Tanya just used to store more of her products, but I convinced her to make it a canteen, a place to chill and eat when on break; all it needed was a coat of paint.

Becky went to her locker and began grabbing her things whilst I went straight to the mirror. An exhausted Sam looked back at me, thin bags underneath my eyes and I couldn't help but notice that I looked paler than usual. I combed my fingers through my hair, which now ended between my head and my shoulders, a far cry to the times I used to keep it short.

Becky interrupted, talking from the other side of the room, "Are you still not sleeping well?"

"No," I sighed, flicking my hair back.

Becky had soon become a friend, since Emily left for university and I did open up to her about my sleep issues. Not only did I occasionally have dreams about my mother, but I also had to get used to spending the nights alone. I still spoke to Emily everyday but it wasn't the same.

"I'm sorry to hear that." She walked up next to me and stood awkwardly as she continued with the questions, "How is it? Being on your own?"

I glanced at the young woman, she held onto her purse for comfort as she began asking more personal questions, something she knew I didn't enjoy. My glance only lasted a second before my eyes reset themselves on the figure in the mirror. It was true, I now had the house to myself. Dad and Jane left yesterday, they weren't even in the country anymore. Since the scare at the hospital, my dad refused to rest and take time off to recuperate, trying to throw himself back into work and forget the event ever happened. It wasn't until his colleagues banded together and brought him and Jane a two week spa break in France that he decided to relax for a while. I didn't know if the other doctors and nurses cared about him that much or if they were just frightened of him. Jane called me this morning to let me know they made it there safely.

I once again looked at the timid woman, "It's different being home alone, but gives me time to catch up on tv and get back into my reading."

"It's a shame Emily couldn't get some time off from school, would be nice if she was home with you."

"It's fine," I tried to brush off the invading questions, "She's busy and I could use some time alone."

Becky grabbed her phone from her purse, "Oh, I got to get going! My ride is here, see you tomorrow."

"Bye."

She began running to the exit, but stopped just short of opening the door. Despite having her hand ready to open it, she turned back towards me for a final piece of conversation. I was hoping it would be finished before she even opened her mouth.

"Oh, Uhh… one last thing," I heard a slight crack in her voice, "I asked Tanya if I could wear Emily's pet suit tomorrow at the event? I've always wanted to try it on and Tanya was happy for me to show it off, but she asked me for your permission to wear it… as it belongs to your sister."

"Wow, okay…" I wasn't sure how to answer, I couldn't say I was too comfortable with her wearing it as I can only picture Emily in that suit, but she seemed excited to try it on? Did she secretly like petplay? This is the first time I heard her say anything, "No… It's okay, you can wear it."

"Thank you! Thank you!" She pretty much bowed to me for letting her in the suit, but before I had any time to ask her follow-up questions, she ran out of the building.

I laughed quietly to myself, despite working in an adult store, the young woman was still as awkward as ever. I sighed out one last time before going to my locker and grabbing my belongings.

---

The quiet house welcomed me once more. On the edge of town, surrounded by nothing but trees and no lights on to suggest someone is home, the bungalow spooked me out much more than I wanted to admit.

When I first got here, Jane and Emily both welcomed me and my dad and it had been a family home since. The table, where we sat and had breakfast, lunch and dinner had remained empty for a few days now. The bathroom, where me and Emily had our first kiss was cold and silent, apart from the constant buzzing of the extractor fan. Emily's bed had remained unused since I came to this town, which made it uncomfortable to go to sleep without my sister hugging up next to me.

"Hi, I'm home," I whispered to myself, dropping my bag to the floor with only the light from the moon illuminating the front door. I closed it behind me, turning on the hallway light as I walked passed and illuminating the living room too. My eyes glanced over the space, the tv was off with the stable red light showing, telling me it is powered on, no where else in the room seemed welcoming, not even the sofa where me and Emily slept as she wore the petsuit for the first time, or the time I threw my towel over her head and ran out the room naked to indicate I was ready to go to the next step with her.

The door to the garden seemed especially unpleasant, the large area where Emily walked me for the first time, where we teased Tanya the last time we came round, or even the many times we sat on the patio watching the world go by.

Just one other person would make this house a home.

I turned off the hallway light and entered my bedroom, the only thoughts in my mind were of getting warm under the blanket and getting some sleep, the fact I had to get up early in the morning didn't bother me as that was tomorrow's problem.

I didn't even have enough energy to get dressed into my pyjamas, my body fell to the bed face first as the frame ached under my weight. As the bed settled, the room and the house fell back to silence, reminding me of how alone I was in this place.

I groaned into the bed covers when my phone vibrated in my pocket. As I pulled it out, I took a moment to adjust to the bright screen to see my sister's name at the top with a symbol of a phone buzzing at the bottom.

"Hi," I groaned into the device, making my discomfort known.

"Uh-oh, that doesn't sound good" Emily's voice echoed through the speakers, her loving tone putting me at ease, "What's the matter?"

"Nothing-nothing at all, it's just… quiet."

"Awww, do you need an Emily hug? I can take some time off and keep you company."

"No, it's okay. You have a lot to deal with at school. How's it all going?"

The next hour flew by as we spoke over the phone. The events of the last few days were exchanged as we caught each other up. When Emily first left we spent every night talking for hours, mostly just telling the other how much we missed them, as my sister's schedule got busier, the daily phone calls became every other day.

Emily couldn't stop talking about how good her life was, how well she was getting on with the classes and how weird but funny her roommate and friends were, apparently one evening Emily let slip about some of her pet play 'activities', instead of making fun or being weirded out, her friends confessed about their weird fetishes; somehow all the 'kinky' girls had found each other.

I loved hearing her voice as she sounded so happy where she was. I accidentally let it slip a few times how alone I was in the house.

"Are you sure you don't need me to come over?" She repeated herself from the beginning of the call.

"No, it's okay. I'll go to sleep soon and I have an early day at work tomorrow," I sighed, my eyes beginning to close.

"Okay, I'll let you get some rest"

"Okay, Talk to you tomorrow."

"Okay…"

I sighed, knowing my sister was waiting for me to say it, "I love you, Em."

"Awww I love you too, Sammy. I love you so much"

I couldn't help but laugh, "Talk to you later, babe."

The screen went dark as my sister hung up. I dropped the phone onto the soft mattress and closed my eyes. For once, sleep came easy.

---

A groan escaped my lips, my aching body reminded me that I was awake and I was going to have no more sleep for the rest of the day. The bright early morning moon illuminated the walls, letting me know I had many hours left before I needed to leave the bed.

As my mind woke up, the feeling of something wrapped around my waist confused me. Looking down, I lifted the covers lightly to see an arm placed by my stomach, squeezing lightly.

I should have been more surprised as I turned around and saw my sister who occupied the bed with me.

She travelled all the way from university to sleep with her arm around me. My first thought was to wake her up and tell her what an idiot she was and how she should have stayed where she was, but her soft features and quiet moans as she slept melted my heart quickly. I placed my hand on her side, the heat radiated from her skin into my palms, I always loved how warm she was.

Another moan came from her as she adjusted herself in my arms, still keeping asleep. I took a moment to lift the covers and look down at my body, my sister stripped my clothes off without me waking up, leaving me only in my underwear, Emily did the same for herself too; my purple laced underwear clashed with hers; which were plain and white.

I cuddled up close to the sleeping girl and kissed her gently on the lips, feeling her soft, smooth skin up against mine. A murmur escaped her lips as the kiss finished but the human radiator continued to sleep. I continued kissing her, this time going from her cheek, to her neck and kissing gently up to her ear.

She continued to mumble before a pleasant moan escaped her lips and her arms wrapped tighter around my body.

In the dark, I could see her eyes open slightly before they closed once more as she pulled herself tighter against my frame.

"Get some more sleep… It's too early," she whispered.

I continued kissing her neck, taking playful little bites as I placed myself on top of her.

Her eyes remained closed as her brain tried to return to the realm of sleep, "Sammy…"

I continued the kisses, planting them back down her neck and down her chest. I knew my sister's body better than my own. Her neck wasn't the only place that stimulated her body, she had several erogenous zones all over her body. I found her most sensitive ones to be her ribs and her hip bone; I found them once whilst we were messing around during the summer.

"Sammy," she repeated herself, this time breathing more heavily.

My lips continued to explore, travelling further and further down before they touched the bone under her soft skin. I could hear my sister whimpering loudly as her hands struggled to keep me in place.

"Enough, let me sleep"

"You came over, you knew what would happen," I told her between kisses.

"Sammy."

I finally let go of her ribs and continued to descend down my sister's body, a barrage of smooches travelled to the lower half of her body.

"…Sammy."

I went lower and lower, I had to pull the top of Emily's underwear down but my lips finally made contact with her hip bone.

"SAM!" She jerked up from the overwhelming feeling. I managed to get a few more kisses in before she held me in place and prevented me from travelling anymore; a few more inches and I would have been performing oral on her, something that filled my interest at that moment.

She continued, "Okay, you've got me up. Can we cuddle for a bit? I've missed you"

"I'm already down here, why not continue exploring?" I joked.

She reached down and pulled me up, we fell back into each other's arms and I once again kissed her lips, this time she was awake enough to kiss me back.

Why was she so addictive? Her lips tasted amazing on mine, her sweet scent was addictive and her warm body was always a welcome. I held her tight against me, out breasts pushed against me our arms were wrapped around each other and our legs were intertwined. However, it wasn't enough but I couldn't get her any closer to me.

"I've missed you" Her eyes finally focused on mine as her left hand began exploring my short, black hair.

"I've missed you too, babe. Why are you here? Weren't you swamped with your schoolwork?" I asked.

"Well, I was but I've spoken to my tutor and I'm all caught up on work so he let me have a week off. I was just finishing off the rest when you called last night. I was going to wait for the morning to come over but I thought I would surprise you. You went to bed really early, you were completely out of it when I got home."

"Wow, a whole week with my girl," I kissed her again.

"Yeah, just give me five more minutes" Emily's eyes closed again.

"You can sleep, I'll just continue with my snack."

Emily shrieked as I pulled the covers off from her, she couldn't help her fit of giggles as she held me back from my oral attacks.

"Can we please just cuddle without me becoming food?"

"NOPE!"

---

Emily came into the kitchen wearing one of my long t-shirts which held a logo of an old rock band on the front. The dark grey shirt was long enough to cover her butt, but short enough to show off her panties as she sat at one of the stools. The dark look of the piece of clothing didn't suit her at all but it was a cute look anyways. Her long, blonde hair now sat in a messy bun. She had a surprised look on her face as she watched me dancing around the oven, a pile of sausages and bacon sizzled away on the frying pan.

I didn't bother putting on any other clothing and stood in the kitchen in my lace underwear. At first I thought it was my body dancing around that caught her attention, but then I realised it was the first time my sister had seen me cook since I had moved in.

"DIdn't realise you knew how to cook?" She smiled.

"Of course, I do," I giggled, turning over the bacon, "I'm just too lazy to do it often."

"So what has brought up the sudden need to feed me with half a pig?"

"Well, I was enjoying my snack this morning, but I noticed how easy it was to nibble your ribs."

"…Oh."

"You've lost weight."

"It's the university diet, noodles and potato chips are all I eat between study sessions."

"You cannot survive on just chips and noodles, what else do you have?"

"Umm… sometimes Amelia drives us to this nice Chinese restaurant."

"That's your neighbour, right?"

"Yeah, she's very caring of us."

Emily told me many times about her friends. She and her roommate started off awkwardly and met their neighbours who were also awkward. However, one night Emily accidentally told a story that involved pet play and the girls all let their guards down. Amelia was more of a dominant girl but preferred the motherly/caring side, Emily's roommate loved being tied up and Amelia's roommate was into age play.

I couldn't help but laugh at the idea that Emily found three people who were like-minded.

I cracked two eggs and placed them on the frying pan as Emily placed her purse on the table. She began shifting through a few of the items the bag held.

"What do you have in there?" I asked, placing the spatula on the side and giving my sister my full attention once more.

"Oh, nothing much…" She placed her hand in and began sorting through the items, "My phone, my lip gloss, a little bit of makeup, some tissues… I have 'that' thing, my hairbrush and…"

"What's 'that' thing?"

"Oh… it's nothing to worry about"

"Let's take a look!" I dived in and grabbed a black box.

"Sammy, wait-No!"

She tried swiping the box lightly out of my hand but I held the box away from her, she stopped and a sudden look of guilt and embarrassment came over her face.

"A butt-plug?" I asked, looking over the blank, black box.

It was simplistic but had an outline of a typical butt-plug on the front, with small white text that let the person handling the box know it was a metal, thick plug. It wasn't as sexual as the packaging at Tanya's, but I believed that was the style she was going for; some companies preferred a simplistic and 'hidden' design.

"We found this place near the university, nothing as good as Tanya's store but we went in and I brought that."

"A butt plug, you already have one though? I could have sent it to you."

"That's the tail plug, I wanted one I could wear under my clothes and a little bit bigger… I haven't even opened it yet."

I opened the top of the box and I could see the plug underneath a layer of plastic, it was that simplistic, metal design with a gem at the end of the plug.

"A little bit bigger?" I asked, looking down at the plug.

"Yeah, only one size bigger I think."

I opened the plastic and pulled out the sexual object. I watched my sister's face drop as I held it in my hand, showing her it was over twice the size of the pet tail she wore before.

"Holy crap!" I dropped the box and placed my free hand over my mouth.

Emily's mouth gaped open as the large plug shone in the light, "I thought the box said small? That can't go into my butt!"

"Oh, this is going in your butt," I laughed.

My sister whimpered, holding her shirt down, seemingly protecting her lower half from the foreign object and the ideas that were travelling through my head. I placed it in the middle of the table as I got back to the cooking food.

Emily's eyes skimmed over the shiny metal object as she caught the thin book that also sat on the table, it was a basic, dark purple colour that stood out from the bright tablecloth.

"What's that?" She asked, standing up and reaching across to pick it up.

"Oh, Umm… just an album. Dad and Jane looked through a few old photos before they went away." I began placing the food on two plates, "Dad put most of our stuff into storage so it's a miracle we have this."

"Awwww" Emily began flicking through the book, "Look at baby Sammy in her floral dress."

"Yeah, don't expect me to wear anything like that ever again."

"Who's that?"

I put the frying pan back down and stood behind my sister's back, taking in the picture she had her eyes on, "Oh… that's Mom."

"Wow, she's beautiful."

"Yeah, she was"

She flicked through a few more pages, years of memories that unfolded in front of her eyes. Many pictures of my Dad and my Mom whilst they were younger and me as a baby. However, I noticed how little there was of all three of us together.

"Do… Do you have a sister?" She asked, taking a long look at one photo in particular.

"Only you," I continued scraping the food onto the plates, "Just me, Dad and Mom before that."

"Then who's this girl?" She lifted up the book and turned it around to show me, a young teenage girl, "She looks like you but she's blonde."

I laughed, "That is me."

"W-What?"

"Yeah, I was about twelve there." I picked the plates up and placed them on the table, "I'm naturally blonde."

Emily's face lit up as she held her blonde hair between her fingers, "You are blonde?"

"…Yeah."

A squeal escaped her lips as she held part of her own blonde hair between her fingers, the squeal lasted longer than I thought it would have.

"What's the matter?" I asked, chuckling lightly as I placed the cutlery on the table.

"Oh my god! Grow it out!"

"What? Why? I like my black hair, I thought you liked it too?"

"Pretty, pretty please grow it out!"

"Why?"

"So we can be twins?"

"Twins?"

"We already look similar, if you grow your hair out we will be identical!"

"Oh god!" I threw myself onto my chair, my shoulders sagged as the annoying side of my sister resurfaced.

"You look so beautiful." Her eyes fell back to the picture.

I softened, "It was before some school dance, first time I wore makeup I believe."

"There aren't many photos of you in here."

"No, my Mom brought the camera especially for that one day."

"That's the last photo in the album, did she not take any more pictures?"

"…No."

"Why not?"

I looked down at my food, my appetite rapidly faded away.

Emily suddenly went awkward, "Oh, I'm sorry."

"It's okay, just eat. You need feeding."

Emily took a few bites of the meal, despite enjoying it, she continued to glance up at me.

I sighed, "What's the matter?"

"…Will you?"

"Will I what?"

"Will you grow your hair out?"

"Tell you what," I smirked as I picked up the heavy, metal butt plug that sat between us, "I'll grow it out as long as we can put this inside you before I go to work today."

"…Today?"

"Yep, right after breakfast."

My sister whimpered once more, her large eyes fixed on the even larger sex toy, she closed her legs tighter and held down the shirt once more with her free hand.

---

"Can't you blow off work?" Emily asked, grabbing me from behind as I turned on the shower.

I sighed, "No, it's an important day for Tanya. We aren't working at the store today, she's booked us in at a convention."

"A convention?" She finally let go, "What kind?"

"Oh, a kink convention, I think." I pulled up the shirt that covered my sister's body, finally getting her as naked as I was.

"A kink convention? What will happen there?"

"Oh, typical things. Tanya will set up a stall to sell her wares to get the attraction of like-minded people. It's taking one day out of the shop to expand her reach and hopefully get more people interested in what she is selling. Similar to when she opened her shop, me and Rebecca will be wearing outfits and showing off her stock. Sounds like it would be fun."

"It does sound fun, do you think she would mind if I joined too?"

"Getting extra help for free whilst seeing one of her favourite people?" I said in a sarcastic tone, "Of course, she wouldn't mind."

Emily squealed once again at the thought of what the day could now bring her.

"Now, get in that shower! I can't be wasting too much time." I prodded her.

In two quick movements, she dropped her panties to the floor and took off her bra, going from being dressed to naked within seconds, her bare form practically jumped into the now steaming shower and I joined her as soon as I could take my underwear off.

Our eyes latched together as the water covered our bodies, her bright, blonde hair had soon become darker and began attaching itself to her back. I leaned in with a kiss as my hands worked their way to the top of her butt, she joined in my turning her head in for a deeper kiss and placing one of her hands gently over my cheek. In one quick move I pushed the younger woman closer into me, our breasts pushed against each other as our legs interlocked with her right leg rubbing up and down between mine.

I couldn't control myself as a moan escaped into her mouth, her leg travelled too far upwards and gently brushed against my clit. That tiny move made my entire body shake for a moment.

My hands returned to the front of her body as I moved back slightly, allowing our breasts to finally part. My fingers gingerly travelled up the sides of her torso as my thumbs brushed over her pink nipples, an action that caused the kissing to stop and for my sister to put her head back and groan loudly with my thumbs rubbing in a circular motion.

"Oh, I've missed this," she whispered, the sound of arousal on her tongue.

I went back to kissing her, this time on her neck once more with moving up to her ear, this time a louder gasp came from my sister. I made sure to take my time, moving my lips in a circular manner just like what my thumbs did to her nipples. With the teasing to her breasts and her neck, I assumed the lower part of her body was missing out as she positioned herself in a way that let her rub her sex against my leg.

"I need you so badly," she continued to whisper, "I need you now."

I finally stopped my attacks on her fragile body, "I have an idea, but you'll have to trust me."

"I trust you with all my heart… Mistress."

With that, I landed a final kiss on her lips as I turned the shower off.

---

There was something addictive about seeing my sister in her submissive state. We quickly dried each other off and both stood naked in our bedroom. The only difference is my sister was wearing a sexy, lacey blindfold that completely took out her vision. She just stood in place, waiting for my next movement, looking as helpless as a baby lamb and I was there, biting my tongue with unlimited thoughts going through my head at the possibilities her submissiveness allowed me to conjure.

She stood, facing the wall, not knowing where I was or where she was positioned in the room. She was completely reliant on me to be in control of the situation.

I sat on the bed next to her, placing a few items on the covers within arms width. Gently, I placed my hand in hers and guided her towards me, when she stood facing me, I used my hands to guide her towards my lap; telling her she was sitting down on them.

I saw a cute but awkward smile rise as she steadied herself on my bare legs, trying to get comfortable before her butt planted itself on me.

"Okay, now lift your legs up," I commanded, guiding her legs from the floor behind myself. It took a moment but both her legs were soon crossed behind me.

I grabbed the first item from the bed, a pair of hand restraints, leather ones that locked with a buckle and attached with a small chain. I locked her left hand inside the cuff and automatically she raised her right hand in place next to it, allowing me to lock that one inside it too. With both hands inside the restraints, I placed them over my head so her wrists rested on my shoulders.

With both her arms and legs around me, it looked like an intense hug but had the benefit of restricting her movement and allowing me full access to her lower half.

"Guess what else I brought with me?" I whispered the question in her ear, "It was the thing we were talking about earlier."

"T-The plug?" She asked back in a hushed, but concerned voice.

"Yep!"

"Umm, I don't think we have any lube, I don't think it would fit without it."

I couldn't help but laugh, "My memory isn't that bad, when we first met Tanya we brought some lube for your pet tail."

"Oh…"

"Plus, the lube is literally next to me, right next to the very large plug you've brought me."

My sister whimpered, coming in close to me and hugging my body tightly.

"It will be okay," I continued, rubbing her back softly before picking up the metal plug and the lube.

"…Okay."

Behind my sister I squirted a large amount of the lubricant onto the sex toy. I placed the nearly empty bottle next to me as I used both hands to guide the object to her helpless butt. She flinched as the cold feeling touched her butt with a mixture of grunts and groans escaping her lips as I began pushing the object in with very little effort.

"Oh, it's too big," She mumbled into my ear.

"It will fit, trust me".

The object travelled upwards inside her, taking in centimetres at a time before she began resisting it. She once again complained it was too big between the moans. In response, I continued kissing her neck which allowed her to focus on the pleasure instead of the intruder behind her, this allowed the plug to go deeper inside her but it still stopped just before it reached the largest part of the sex toy. Before she had the free time to complain once again about the size, I reached underneath her with her free hand and began massaging her already moist vagina with my fingers.

A noise came out of her which was a mixture of a moan and a sigh, her body went completely limp and fell on top of me as the pleasure took over her body. This allowed me to push the plug further in with no resistance and in one quick move, the giant object had completely submerged inside my sister's butt. A quick squeak exited her mouth as her body accepted the toy inside her. All that showed of it was the small gem that sat at the smallest point.

Moaning echoed through my ears as her body adjusted to the intruder that made her it's home, I could imagine her squeezing her muscles down there to pull it deeper.

"That's not all I have." I felt around the bed for the last object for this game.

"Uh-huh," she mumbled, dazed from the amazing feeling from behind.

I grabbed the object, a small but powerful wireless pink vibrator. My sister snuggled into my neck, not caring what else will happen to her as she enjoyed the feeling of being 'full'.

The vibrator had three buttons on it, the middle one was the power button which lit up to show the device is on, above and below it was buttons to increase and decrease the power, the vibrator turned on at maximum power and it was my choice if I wanted to weaken the vibration.

The button lit up as I placed the head of the device against my sister's clit. Once it touched her skin, I turned the vibration on. My sister's body tensed up, the powerful massaging head placed against her most sensitive area, I felt her pull against the chain that held her hands together, her legs crossed tightly, digging into my body… but I didn't care, Emily's reaction was more than enough to make up for it.

"Oh… god!" She stammered as she held herself tight against my torso, one of her hands grabbed the back of my head as the other dug its nails in between my shoulders.

"You okay?" I tried asking in a serious voice but I heard the humorous tone fall out.

"What the hell is that?"

"It's a new vibrator I brought from Tanya, do you like it?"

As I ended the sentence, I somehow pushed the vibrator even further against her sex and she fell into me, yelling at the unrelenting power it had. Once again, she pushed herself into my neck but this time it wasn't in a romantic way, she was trying her best to get used to the intense feeling but I wasn't going to let her, as her body began relaxing on top of me, I began rubbing the device up and down her clit; not keeping it in the same position. Her nails finally left my skin as her hands shook, spasming to the movement of the new object.

A mixture of whimpers, groans and moans left her lips before she jumped up suddenly.

"Oh, god! I'm gonna cum!" She shouted into my ear, her fingers once again digging into me, "I'MGONNACUM, I'MGONNACUM!"

"You have to ask permission, remember?" I had an evil smirk on my face.

"Please… PLEASE, CANICUM?"

"What was that?"

"Please… Mistress, please… CAN I CUM?!"

"Hmmm… no."

"Oh, god!"

She held me tighter than ever before, holding back the orgasm that desired so much to come out, yet the vibrator remained in place, tight against her.

"Please?!" She begged once more.

"No."

"Please?!"

"No, just relax and enjoy it."

"Oh god, please?! I can't hold it anymore."

"Oh fine, you have my permission to cum!"

Her body relaxed, lying fully on the vibrating object with all the intention of letting the waves crash over her. Her hands continued to spasm behind me as she began to work up the feeling deep inside her, she whimpered, she grunted, she moaned and she began to yell… until I turned off the device.

"Oh… no," She squeaked, as the loud noises ceased from the device. She slumped as her body rested, her hands and legs shook but she had no energy inside them.

"Oh, did I turn it off too quickly?" I said in a sarcastic tone.

"Mean… so mean, I was… so close."

"I'm sorry."

She grunted again and her whole body flinched as I turned the machine back on, straight back to the most powerful setting on it.

Her nails began to hurt my back but her reaction was completely worth the pain.

"Oh god, Please I need to orgasm so badly!" she begged.

I gleefully repeated myself, "Just enjoy it for a moment."

"No… I-I can't. I need… I need…"

"If you ask to cum again, I'll turn the machine off and won't turn it back on."

"Oh, god… oh, god… oh, god."

I kissed her cheek, her entire body was shaking from my physical and mental torture, I felt bad but I loved teasing her just a bit further than limits allowed.

"Okay, I'll make you a deal. I'll let you have your orgasm, but only on my count of five, agreed?"

"Yes… yes, please just hurry."

"Okay… one."

I continued to rub the vibrator up and down, taking in the glorious moments of silence as she struggled to maintain herself.

"Oh god, please!" She begged once again.

"Two… Three."

With my free hand, I placed it under my sister's butt with my fingers gently brushing the gem that sat at the end of the plug, it sat further out than it did before due to her straining from the pleasure.

"…Four… F-"

With that said, I grabbed the end of the buttplug and pulled it out quickly, her body didn't have time to respond as that action happened at the same time as the approaching orgasm. Emily's body spasmed as it placed its full weight on me.

"S-Shit, What the fu-" She swore as the unexplainable feelings pulsed throughout her small body.

Her body convulsed as the orgasm washed over her, I laughed as all she managed to do was groan whilst she shook uncontrollably.

"AHHH!" She screamed as her body was hit with the first wave of pleasure.

"You okay?" I asked, trying to move the vibrator away from underneath her. However, her legs locked tight around me, not allowing me the use of my hands.

"I-I, uh… AHHHHH!" She screamed again, scratching at my back.

"I'm sorry, do you want me to put the plug back in?"

"N-N-" She mumbled, her body spasmed before going limp once more.

"You okay?"

"I-I'm… still… coming," she laughed lightly between her stammering.

"That's a good girl."

"C-Can you remove… the v-v-v-vibe…?"

"I can't move my hand without you relaxing your legs."

"Oh… Oh…" She continued to spasm between her words, I assumed every one was a miniature orgasm the poor girl was having.

My sister grabbed my shoulders with her bound hands and with all the strength she could muster, tried pulling herself up and uncrossing her legs. She struggled to lift herself even slightly off the ground and her legs were shaking too much to move them. The only thing the pulling did was lift herself slightly off the vibrator, to give her vagina a moment to breathe. As she struggled to lift herself up, her body fell back down and her sex landed directly back on the vibrator, allowing it to continue to torment her clit.

"I-I can't…" She fell back into me.

"It's okay, let's just rest here for a moment."

"M-Mistress?"

"Yeah?"

"Can I cum again?"

---

We laid back on the bed with Emily's exhausted form before lying directly on top of me. She had become very used to snuggling up to my neck and continued to do so even whilst we rested, with one of her hands resting on my cheek. She looked beautiful, at peace.

Luckily, the batteries in the vibrator finally died, allowing Emily the strength to finally get off my hands, I unclipped her hand restraints and we fell onto the bed.

We still had some time before we had to leave for Tanya's and a nice cuddle sounded the best way to waste our time. I pulled my sister on top of me, I decided not to tell her about the large puddle that she caused, the one that now covered half of the bottom of my bed.

Despite the stress she had just endured, she sighed happily as our bodies once again pressed up against each other.

Her voice hummed, "Thank you."

"Haha, you don't have to thank me." I laughed, wrapping both my arms around her still trembling body.

"Why not?"

"Because… It's not something you need to thank me for, I'm always happy to play with your body."

"Sammy?"

"Yes, Babe?"

"Thank you."

I sighed, "You're welcome."

"Just… just give me a moment to get my strength back and I'll get my revenge."

"Oh, you will now?"

"Yeah… just need a… little rest."

"I don't have too long to waste, I have work soon."

"I… just need… a few minutes."

I held my sister tightly for a moment, everytime she was in my arms I was so grateful for her love, for her just being in my life. She came all the way from her schoolwork to be with me when I was alone and I didn't need to ask her, it was just out of pure love.

"Emily… thank you for coming over, I've missed you so much," I whispered in her ear.

My step-sister breathed out heavily, I pulled myself away from her and waited for my eyes to adjust to the figure only inches away from my face. She was asleep, happily dozing against my neck. She looked peaceful, making me feel slightly bad for waking her up earlier.

I returned to holding her tightly, her small frame pressed against my soft skin and her warm breaths ticking my neck. I decided to give her some more time to rest.

"I love you… so much, Emily," I said to the empty room.
