---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Jenka's Kidnapping 5
authors:
- Sabina
tags:
- M-f
- MM-f
- bond
- latex
- susp
- fur
- sci-fi
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Jenka's Kidnapping 4**](jenkas_kidnapping4.html))_

_**Part 5**_

_Jenka shuddered as she felt Dynotaku's
thick fingers caress across her flat stomach. Growling through the ring gag she
tried to pretend his touch didn't feel marvelous. Her fingers curled into fists
as the leather straps pinning her to the bed creaked in protest. Damn him, why
did he have to be so good at this. Where her captors had used simple persistence
to arouse her Dynotaku was much more subtle. Making her yearn for every touch.
She could see that damn smirk on his face as well._

_"Jenka... I had always known
someday I would see you like this and I have to say," Dynotaku chuckled for
a moment, the rogue in him overcoming the imminent danger for a moment "Its
more than I dreamt possible. Magnificent." Jenka mumbled something around
the gag that might have been a slightly sarcastic thank you. "Now..."
He said, his voice dropping a bit, "we need to figure a way to get you both
out of here. sabina is unreachable if I simply get you out, by the time we get
help and come back they will be gone."_

_Through the haze of arousal Jenka
growled, no way would she let that happen. She mumbled through the gag again
trying to talk. With a quick glance at the door Dynotaku undid the ring gag.
"Bout time..." Jenka groused "and don't think for a moment I
don't know you are enjoying this." In spite of herself Jenka couldn't help
but laugh quietly and smile at his reply._

_"Jenka? Enjoying? Me? Oh that
hurts.... that you think I would enjoy having a gorgeous, perfectly built,
intelligent, sensual woman completely at my mercy, I... I think I need a
moment." Dynotaku's voice dripped with cheesy overacting, and Jenka could
feel that rakish smirk on his handsome face._

_"Get serious..." She whispered
through the chuckle. "Look on my ship, I am smuggling some chemical
agents..." Dynotaku leaned in his smile growing as he listened and nodded._

_sabina was uncertain how long she had
hung suspended face down in the middle of the room. It seemed like forever. The
new piercing throbbed constantly, and endless reminder of its presence and the
intentions of her captors. A huge pair of hands enclosed her hooded head as a
cock slid smoothly into her mouth. sabina swallowed it down, gently suckling in
spite of the hours of endless abuse and use she had been put through. The dark
voice growled "Ohhh... it likes this hmm? Want more do you little
slut?" Most of the minotaur were simply lounging around the room. A few had
started playing cards, making use of sabina as a convenience. One or two would
stroll over to fuck or play with her as the mood struck._

_The one in her mouth moaned as sabina
suckled frantically and screamed around his cock. Another greased cock slowly
slid into her tight little ass. Short sharp thrusts into he was deep inside her.
Burning oils had been added to her torture some hours ago. Rubbed into her
aching nipples and breasts, then deep inside her soaked come spattered little
pussy._

_sabina arched and almost came, only to
be rewarded with a sharp jolt of electricity. "Toys do not come
bitch." A nearby voice growled, even now at least one of them watched
carefully to prevent her from coming. This was definitely not the first slave
these men had broken, they were quite good at it in fact. By now sabina would
have done anything just to be allowed to come. Suddenly the one in her mouth
began to thrust faster, plunging deeper inside her throat. sabina struggled not
to choke, her lungs burning for air. The one in her ass was taking his time,
slow deep thrusts. Someone began teasing her little slit with a feather, drawing
fresh squeals as the first cock erupted in her mouth._

_She swallowed frantically, knowing that
if any escaped it would be punishment time again. Punishment time, several times
they said those words into her hooded ear. Now just the words would make her
scream and struggle desperately Punishment time had involved riding crops,
random shocks, hands tugging and playing with the weights clamped to various
parts of her body. she shudders just thinking about it as the feather tickled
her clamped little clit. Suddenly the cock in her ass plunged deep, the intense
sensation caused her to choke for a moment. A dribble of come escaped her soft
red lips and splattered to the floor._

_At that moment the shocks bit into her
nipples and sabina screeched, exploding into a massive orgasm. It seemed to last
minutes upon minutes. Arching and trembling in the web of chains. Quivering
helplessly, little body tensed and shaking. Heart hammering as she screamed
around the thick cock still spasming inside her throat. Clenching around the
feather in her slit and the other cock buried in her ass she triggered the other
minotaur's explosion as well._

_sabina writhed as the shocks started and
stopped, started and stopped almost randomly. Coming in waves as sweat and come
dripped to the floor beneath. When it was over she collapsed in the chains,
melting into their harsh embrace. A huge hand caressed the gleaming latex hood
possessively, smearing the sticky mix of come and sweat across its mirror
surface. "it must really like punishment time..." The voice growled
into her ear through the hood._

_Jenka moaned softly and twisted the tiny
bit her bonds allowed. Dynotaku's tongue was almost too good, her pleasured
gasps echoed in the bedroom. "No... we-we don't have time for
this...." She gasped out. Dynotaku smiled and slid smoothly up her body.
Carefully slipping the ring gag back into her mouth when Jenka least expected
it._

_"Oh? Well we must keep up
appearances, I do this only to gain acceptance from them so I can get back
inside later." He chuckled, Jenka gasped through the gag and tensed as he
slid inside her. Her ass arched back against the bed as more and more of him
thrust forward. Thick tensed chest muscles brushed against her stiff nipples as
his narrow hips arched forward. Finally burying the full length of his cock
inside her. Both moaned in unison as he nuzzled her nose to nose. "I
promise, I won't enjoy this... ok, well I will enjoy this immensely, but I
promise to feel very guilty about it? A little guilty? Maybe?"_

_He gasped through clenched teeth and
nuzzled her again. Jenka could taste herself on that long flexible tongue as
they kissed. His hips began moving slowly at first. Taking his time, grinding
each thrust in, using his body to stimulate hers. He might never get Jenka in
this position again, best to make the most of it._

_Time passed, endless moments of
caressing. Jenka's fur was gleaming with sweat, Dynotaku thrust slowly
patiently, only to take her very hard at unexpected moments. Her back arched
slightly with a scream of pleasure as she came again, then again. A hour passed,
then two more. Endlessly he took her, finally with a roar of pleasure he came
with Jenka. Jenka shuddered coming so hard finally she collapsed, out cold. With
a groan he pulled out slowly, wobbling to his feet. Shaking his head to clear
it, before staggering  off to put
the plan into action. He wondered for a moment if sabina could hold out that
long._

_The chains loosened for a moment as they
turned sabina face up. Suspended facing the ceiling, her legs spread wide, toes
pointed towards the far upper corners of the room. Head still pulled harshly
back. The harsh crack of a wide rubber strap was followed instantly by a frantic
squeal of hurt. Twisting against the chains helplessly and sobbing as she was
forced to suckle one of her captors. "Again, it clenches so nicely when you
do that." The strap smacked down across her breasts and pierced nipples.
The strap was the perfect implement of discipline. It created a searing burning
sting, but barely even marked the skin. Supple and thin it could be used for
hours with no lasting ill effect._

_The strap cracked down on her little
slit again, making the clit piercing jingle loudly. The clamps and weights
having been removed before she was flipped over. sabina shuddered and nearly
came again. Huge hands descended on her little body as she bucked and sobbed
helplessly. It was almost like being buried in groping calloused hands, it was
terrifying and beyond exciting. sabina sobbed around the cock as he came in her
throat. Frazzled and spent were not nearly strong enough terms to describe her
condition, but still she yearned for more. Arching with a strangled scream as
she tried to swallow all the come as the strap licked down across her reddened
swollen little pussy._

_Dynotaku stepped into the room, his
teeth clenched as he heard the harsh crack of the rubber strap against sabina
pert little ass. "The other one is resting..." He announced with a
chuckle, struggling to maintain a veneer of calm. "I was going to pop into
town and get some drinks, any requests?" The question was met with a near
roar of approval, port ale was the winner hands down, with a nod and a last
lingering glance on the helpless slave, Dynotaku left._

_sabina sobbed, she couldn't hear
Dynotaku under the hood, had no idea he had even been there. Finally it stopped,
they seemed done with her. Shuddering and quivering softly she hung in the
chains, skin gleaming and slick with sweat. The rough caress of a calloused hand
on her slit started her, after the whipping her little pussy was so sore and
sensitive. "Time to play again..." The voice growled, sabina whimpered
loudly, quite certain they were going to use her until she melted into a little
puddle on the floor._

_Dynotaku hailed a transport and made for
Jenka's ship, offering the driver double the usual rate is he made it across the
port in ten minutes. Nine minutes later he was keying the entry code and
slipping into Jenka's freighter. The search didn't take long Jenka kept a tidy
ship. Medical grade painkillers, bound for use in pirate bases and other below
the table medical facilities. One bottle should do the trick._

_Jenka stirred slowly as she felt the bed
depress under her, two, no three large warm bodies crawled onto the bed. She
groaned as a thick finger slide into her slit without warning. "Your little
pet is getting quite the going over," an anonymous voice growled. "But
we don't want you to get lonely." A thick cock head brushed her lips
smearing the taste of her slave across her muzzle. Then it slowly slid inside.
Jenka trembled a little as the other one slid into her slit just as slowly. She
hoped Dynotaku hurried before the entire crew made their way in here._

_Dynotaku clopped back into the main hold
where sabina was, a huge barrel of port ale over one shoulder "Drinks are
on me gents..." The line formed almost instantly, hours of working over the
helpless slave had built a thirst, and they had run out of booze two hours back.
Dynotaku walked over to sabina, her little body was pink from the strapping.
Nipples swollen and sore looking. Dangling on the chains like a puppet. He
gently caressed her hooded head, smiling as she nuzzled into the caress and
arched slightly. Even after all this she responded to his touch eagerly. His
grin grew as he caressed her inner thigh softly. Glancing at the line of
drinkers, it wouldn't take long at this rate, not long at all._

_[concluded in part six](jenkas_kidnapping6.html)

03.09.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!

story continues in [**Jenka's Kidnapping 6**](jenkas_kidnapping6.html)

o0o
