---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/apology.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Apology
authors:
- MARGARET B
tags:
- FM/f
- bond
- bdsm
- enema
- hum
- pain
- sex
- reluct/cons
- XXX
date: 2010-01-20 00:00:00
---

Sandy was crying.  Her tears as well as her kisses and the licking of her tongue were soaking my toes.  She seemed to be very upset and out of control.  I was having some trouble understanding her actions.  After all she had not spent the last six hours, tied naked, molested, and raped.  She had not drank her bodily fluids, been forced to suck cock, and had two toe nails torn from her body.

Perhaps, I should start from the beginning.  My name is Yolanda and I am Sandy’s roommate.  She is a petite blonde of 24 years standing about five foot and an inch at 93 pounds.  Her breasts are ample for her size at 36 inches with B cups.  Waist is about 20 inches and hips at 30.  I am a bit older at 32 and bigger at five feet 9 inches weighing 162 pounds.  I am very dark being of mixed black and Mexican parents.  The only thing we have in common is our cup size.  I told her I was bi-sexual before I moved in.  We had a tension relieving laugh when she asked if I intended to rape her and I replied, not without permission.

That was nine months ago.  I will admit enjoying the occasional chance encounter of her slender naked body from time to time.  I never planned them, but I took a good look when it happened.  What brought this apology about was what she did to me earlier.  Oh, her boyfriend Jorge was the rapist, although she enjoyed her involvement.

We were having a fight about her activities with Jorge.  He was living with his brother and his wife and they could not do it there and had no money for a room.  I was tired of being tossed out in the living area so they could have intercourse in a more comfortable manner.  During our disagreement which was nearing blows, Jorge let himself in.  I really objected to her giving him a key without discussing it with me.  She said her name was on the lease, but I thought that a poor excuse.  We were both in our underwear as Jorge entered without a knock and got both ears and eyes full.  I was wearing white opaque cotton panties with a matching bra and Sandy had about the same modest attire with the addition of suntan pantyhose.

Jorge rather than step out till it was over tried to take control of these two quarreling females.  Men are not very smart are they?  After some name calling and pushing with Jorge getting the worst of it trying to keep us apart, He shouted out, “Why don’t you flip a coin and settle it winner take all?”

At that point, I got upset and ran into the bedroom to put on my robe.  When I returned a moment later the two of them were caressing each other and in my mind making plans to throw me out.  I was furious at the way they were carrying on with her moving his hand across her thigh, ass, and even pelvic.  It looked a lot like foreplay!  Jorge gently pushed her away.  He restated his suggestion of settling the dispute ending his thought with the terms of winner takes all.  Sandy began to quiet down and asked calmly, what that would mean.

The three of us negotiated back and forth for about ten minutes until agreed terms were reached.  The two of us would draw cards until one got three aces and thus became the winner. The loser would become subject to the whims and punishment (that was the word we used) of the winner.  Then being horney as hell after her sweet little body, I had to ask the question.  Does that include sex?  Jorge blushed and turned slightly away from us both.  I fully expected Sandy to say, “Hell no!  I don’t want your body and sure as hell don’t want you touching mine.”  I was surprised.

“Sure!  The loser gets sex from the winner any way the winner likes.  Even with Jorge.  If you win you can do what you like with my body as well as Jorge in front of me.  Or, we will do whatever you want to see.  If I win, I will take turns with Jorge fucking the shit out of you.”

“Don’t I get a say in any of this?”

“If you don’t like it leave now!”    
 
“Yes, anyone not consenting to the out come must leave now and forever.”

After I said this in a very loud and dramatic way, I looked through a drawer for a deck of playing cards.  They had been opened, but we all agreed they would be fine.  Just as I was about to sit down I removed my robe and dropped it on the floor.  Jorge shuffled, I cut, and Sandy drew the first card.  We drew card after card in turn until each of us had two aces.  The cards were reshuffled and we started again.  I knew Jorge was caressing Sandy’s stocking covered leg and wondered how he would feel if I were doing that to her.  As we drew cards we discussed the limits of punishment and how long this would continue.

Since, Sandy and Jorge had a party to go to this evening the punishment and sex would need to end at six sharp.  Sandy and I were beginning to settle down and act more peaceably so we decided that after six, everything would return to status quo.  Sandy said she had an enema bag in the cabinet with a new nozzle for use up the loser’s ass.  I volunteered all my dildos and vibrators, which again brought a reaction from Jorge and a look from Sandy.  Jorge said he had a coil of nylon rope in his car and a wide leather belt around his pants. In addition to being bound helpless and sexually abused, the loser would be obliged to drink the winner’s urine and take a small taste of other fluids. No pictures were to be taken and this event would be kept totally private.

Even though I could not actually see Jorge caressing Sandy’s leg, I could fantasize about what it would feel like to squeeze and rub her inner thigh.  I wondered if stroking her nylon covered leg from the knee to the waist and back for a couple of minutes would bring a wetness and perhaps even lust to her pussy. I decided as the cards turned that she couldn’t do anything to me that I didn’t want and should I win, Jorge would get as much of the rope as she did.

After about twenty cards on the second round we both had one black ace.  Then Sandy turned over the ace of hearts.  Jorge looked at me with a big grin and I turned another card without any change in expression or indication of dismay.  Four turns each later Sandy turned the third ace.

I stood up and presented each of them with kiss on the cheek.  I stepped into the middle of the room putting on a blindfold and with my back turned to them removed the only two garments I was wearing. I stood there feeling a blush charge over my body with a short mild tremble every few seconds.  A minute or so later, Sandy came over and returned the friendly kiss.
 
“It is twelve fifteen.  You are going to be our sex slave for the next five hours and forty-five minutes.  I think I will start by cleaning out your dirty little hole.”

Jorge used about six feet of rope to bind my arms tightly behind my back.  He secured me rather uncomfortably before cupping my breasts and caressing my butt with his now bare leg.  It had never occurred to me that Sandy would enjoy me sexually, but as Jorge started to walk me toward the bathroom while playing with my breasts, butt, and legs tears rolled down my face.  I remember the three times I was sexually used by males.  I remembered the last time over ten years ago in college when I was raped.  I lost my footing for a second and Jorge lifted me up enough to catch myself using my bound arms.  I forced myself to reject the idea of begging for mercy.  I would not have shown Sandy any mercy, but I would have liked to hear her beg.

As I was seated on the toilet facing the wrong way with the seat up against the cold porcelain, I considered screaming at the top of my lungs for release.  However, this was mostly my idea and I was determined to except my punishment no matter how the sexual acts, pain, and humiliation were presented. Sandy kissing my shoulders fingered my asshole with a little personal lube. Then the nozzle which I only had her word was clean was slowly worked up my ass.  I can count on one hand the number of times I have had an enema and most of those from my mother.  I had never considered performing it in front of others or relating the activity to sex.  As the warm water flowed through the tube and into my tight little hole, I had the strangest urge to climax.  I began to take sides regarding my punishment and firmly decided that showing any pleasure would be their gain and my loss.

Sandy required the water to be held in place for sometime, perhaps two to three minutes. With each passing second all I could do is think about the orgasm I was fighting off.  Tears flowed down my cheeks and my body trembled with the fear of showing pleasure for their amusement.  Cramps generated shots of pain through my colon. Finally, Sandy pulled the nozzle from my rectum in a way that made me realize I was in for one hell of a time.

“Shit, Bitch!  Let it all flow out!”

I released my muscles which held both water and crap in place.  It gushed into the bowl with a vulgar noise and disgusting odor that made me feel wretched.  Jorge howled and Sandy laughed.  Then two fingers slid forcefully up my rectum and she wiggled them around stroking in and out.  After a minute, they were abruptly replaced with the nozzle and more warm water flowed into my body.  Thank god she did not think of wiping her wet and dirty fingers on my face or even requiring me to lick them clean.  Sick thoughts were running through my mind at what they might do and if I could handle it.

“Please.”
I couldn’t stop myself from begging for mercy or at least consideration.

“Please what?  Please use a bigger nozzle?  Jorge will help with that in a minute.  Please use hotter water or ice water or leave it in longer?  Perhaps, you would enjoy a drink of your personal sewage.  That’s it!  Ask for a drink.  Ask politely and earnestly.  Ask for a drink of your sewage water or I will pull a turd out for you to snack on.”

That’s when I lost it!  Have you ever lost total emotional and physical control?  For between five to ten minutes, I screamed till I was hoarse, sobbed, and had the wildest orgasms.  Jorge, after flushing the toilet, attempted at first to comfort me, but then his fingers found their way to my cunt.  I think he really felt he was providing this disgusting presentation of female sexual release. As I began to settle down, feelings of humiliation and dehumanization rushed through my mind.  I wanted to die from embarrassment!  Any decent person would have untied me right then and let me go to my room to cry, but Sandy had found the buttons on her new sex toy and was going to push them all.

As she pushed the nozzle deep into my colon, she said, “We will try some ice water this time.  Since Jorge was foolish enough to flush your sample, he will take a taste of your second and hopefully sweeter discharge. I don’t know if it was his fingers going where they had no permission or the thought of eating from the stool that gave you so much pleasure.  Shall we investigate?”

The water was ice cold and Jorge’s warm fingers found their way to my clit.  The sexual release from before did not occur mostly do to my exhaustion.  However, I still felt totally abused.  Sandy and Jorge were having a good time, but I was going through hell.  Still, with all the abusive, demeaning, and sexually aggressive activity, I found myself enjoying a wicked vile pleasure.  I had not climaxed like that in years!

The enemas continued alternating from far too warm to ice cold and back five more times. Each time required a tasting of the sample followed by my personal description of how it tasted and the improvement over the previous vintage.  I started to make a game out of it, calling it my blind waste test.  Jorge did the last two and he was far more aggressive and vulgar in his actions and words.  I can not explain why Jorge’s finger up my ass felt so much more defiling than Sandy’s.  It just did! I was then called upon to urinate into a cup which I was required to consume while the two of them laughed and made crude remarks.  I found the salty taste of my urine easier to swallow that one would imagine. Most of the problem was social and emotional.

 A couple of extra flushes, a wash up with a clothe, wipe with TP, and I was allowed to crawl on my knees into the living room. I was informed that Jorge would rape me first and that if I orgasmed before he shot his load, my toe nails would be gently removed from their current position.  To make me a bit more desirable socially, I was provided with several servings of mouth wash with the final dose being swallowed.  Sandy gave me about ten minutes of really good foreplay all the time reminding me that if I had an orgasm all twenty nails would be pulled from my hands and feet.  Her hands caressing my thighs and breasts were very enjoyable.  Her sucking of my nipples and fingering of my clit was wild.  Her life long preferences probably stopped her from providing oral sex.

When she suddenly stopped, I felt frustrated.  A minute later, the terror over took my mind that I was now rested, horney, and probably would orgasm at anytime.

They tied my ankles to the length side legs of the coffee table spreading me wide open almost four feet apart.  Then Jorge began his filthy sexual penetrating abuse.  He was slow and loving, but I hated the whole idea of his prick entering my cunt.  Tears began flowing and I thought of begging for reprieve, but decided it would only bring laughter.  I could feel the skin of his cock helmet gently playing with my inner pussy lips. Hell, the last prick that raped me at least used a condom.  I could feel every millimeter of his cock as it moved in and out of my vagina spreading the walls and using my lubricate.  After he had penetrated me completely, he stayed still allowing my pussy to relax against his throbbing member.  Then that macho crap started.  He pulled out about eighty percent of his cock before thrusting back in violently.  That is what I have always hated about intercourse.  Why do males need to be such animal fuckers?  Women are much more tender!

Frankly, I was not at all turned on by his natural intercourse. I could do much better by myself with a plastic stick.  Luckily, he shot his load and my nails would remain where they were unless Sandy decided it more fun to pull them out.  I got into a tight spot when Jorge at Sandy’s prompting dragged his gooey prick over my breasts toward my mouth.  I had never had a cock in my mouth, even when I was raped.  I have seen more porn than most ladies and it always sickens me to see that blonde slut slide a hard cock into her mouth. I began to beg him not to force this vile thing on me.  Sandy asked which toe nail I would like removed first and my tears returned with uncontrollable sobbing.  My full and real anxiety attack caused Jorge to refuse to continue the perverted act. While Sandy was very put out, I retained all my toe nails for the moment.

I lay there for nearly five minutes balling my eyes out like I had done in college the last time years ago. Neither of them touched me until I stopped moaning and sobbing.  I began to think how I had brought this all about and realized that it was my fault.  I had asked to be punished and sexually abused.  Sandy said something about letting me go and that they needed to get ready for the party and I had been put through far too much already.

“Wait!  I apologize to both of you for my inappropriate behavior.  I agreed to this and I would have done far worse to both of you.  Had I won, neither of you would be going to any party.  You would probably be in this house tied up and abused till Monday morning.  And Jorge, you would have been forced never to come here and never to see Sandy again.  Sandy would be my lesbian sex slave till she died or I found some new slut to take her place.  I would have ravished her every night till the thought of men made her as sick as that shitty water made me.  Now, I would very much like for you both to finish what we started.  First, Jorge, could I please suck your cock.  Sandy would you remove one of my toe nails from each foot.  The biggest please!  Finally, with your consent and permission, Sandy I would like to give you oral sex.”

Everything was silent for a minute.  Jorge finally threw his leg up over my head and for the first time in my life I was licking and sucking a man’s sex organ.  It was a little sick, but I did not barf or die.  While Jorge was getting his oral sex cock cleaning, Sandy began preparing my toes.  She washed each with warn soapy water and after a good rinse and a wipe she poured on rubbing alcohol. Each of my large toe nails was ready when Jorge was finished.  By the way, he shot a tiny squirt of semen into my mouth.  While I still prefer the taste of a woman, I swallowed as required.

Nothing was said by any of us as the toe nails were removed.  Sandy sterilized the razor blade knife and made several cuts each deeper than the previous in the middle of the nail.  Finally, blood began to ooze out and the agony shot up my leg.  A pair of cleaned needle nose pliers pulled the half nail away with a jerk.  Jorge sat on my face with a pillow allowing me the dignity of a muffled scream.  Five minutes later the second nail was removed in a similar manner with even more agony. Then both were washed with rubbing alcohol and bandaged.
              
After Jorge released me, Sandy broke down sobbing and held me in her arms begging my forgiveness.  She sobbed and went on for nearly ten minutes falling to my feet and tenderly kissing my banded toes.  We were both crying uncontrollably.  After finally settling down, Jorge made a suggestion.

“I think the two of you should go into your bedroom and have oral sex in the sixty-nine position.   Of course, I will stay here until you are both finished.”

I started to protest, but Sandy took me in her arms and gave me a passionate French kiss that lasted for a full minute. Then she rose to her feet and pulled me to mine and we walked with arms around each other to her bed.  She closed her eyes trembling with her now naked body fully open to my lust.  I handed her my favorite dildo and lay across her form.  Slowly I first fingered then pressed my lips to her pussy lips.  She was very wet and warm with a sweet aroma and flavor.  I gently tongued her inner pussy lips thinking any moment she would stop me.  I tasted her sweet juices moving the tips of my fingers to the hooded cover of her clit. As I gently tongued her swollen clitoris, I could feel the energy under me swelling up within her body. Pressing my mouth on to the blood engorged clitoris she moaned and exploded into the most enjoyable orgasm of her life.

The climax was repeated at least three times with my hands and mouth doing very little to encourage her reaction other than gentle pressure and loving tongue caress.  Then I felt her fingers stretching my hole open and the end of the dildo pressing and turning into my canal.  Short strokes pushed and pulled the plastic stick in and out with a smooth rhythmic motion.  Tears of joy filled my eyes and as Sandy’s lips and tongue licked the fluid from my pussy, I had a wild orgasm.  She did not spend a lot of time eating me that is an acquired taste.  She did seem to enjoy moving that plastic stick in and out and all around.  Some of the strokes felt fine while most of them were useless.

After nearly half an hour of exploring each others bodies, we walked back out naked to find Jorge.  He had tied his legs to the coffee table and laid some rope in front of his hands.

“I. Hell, this is embarrassing!  I am the only one of the three of us who has not been raped or punished.  All I could think of was the two of you might want to sodomize me, if you can find a long sharp stick.”

Email: [b\_d\_s\_m@HOTMAIL.COM](mailto:b_d_s_m@HOTMAIL.COM)
