---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Dolls
authors:
- Paul G Jutras
tags:
- M-m
- tg
- transform
- mc
- doll
- boxed
- reluct
- X
date: 2008-02-19 00:00:00
---

"Now don’t worry your petty head about what’s happening." An old
man in a red silk bath robe said as he clamped the woman’s wrists and
ankles to a bed. With an electric razor he began to shave her beautiful blonde hair off
until she was as bald as a cue ball.

"How did I get into this problem?" Sam thought as he remember how he had won a
tour of the doll factory. Dressed in a fire red blouse, black skirt, chocolate hose and
jet-black three in heels, he had gotten off work at the TG bar and was the only one to
show for the night tour.

"This is the cloning machine, Sally." The old man said as he pointed off the
edge of a high catwalk and addressed his guest by the feminine name Sam gave at the gate.
"Any toy we drop in there are copied and sent by the belt to the packing room for
shipment."

"Amazing." Sally said as she leaned over and felt a hand give her a slight
shove from behind. She dropped screaming in such a high pitch voice until she blacked out
in the darkness. When she woke she was on the table.

"You will be forever in a state of perfection." The old man said with a
sinister smile. He stepped back and hit a light switch. Overhead lights shined down in a
girl with painted freckles, a red mop of hair, red noes and a barber poll like strip
outfit that reminded her of her childhood Rageddy Ann doll. The other girl looked like she
had a body as shinny as fine china wearing a baby doll nightgown. "Just like all my
creations. My China doll and Rag doll."

"What’s that got to do with me?" Sally asked as she laid naked on the
operating table. "You’re scaring me and I feel like my body is being turned
inside out. I can’t taste my own saliva anymore or make a tear. I can’t even
smell the burning of the machine oil like I could."

"You’re new awareness is already going on line as your program is filling
your brain." The old man told Sally as she blacked out while her frozen eyes stared
helplessly at her master.

When Sally came to she found herself tipped up and an angle as she was moved. Still in
pitch blackness, she only heard her master voice. "The female body guard you asked
for."

"When I see her, you’ll get your money." A second voice said.

"Fine." The master said as light shined on her. The lid of the box was
removed as she stood stiffly in a black leather tank top with a bare midriff, camouflage
pants made of two shades of pink and black combat boots.

"A lovely brunette." The man said. "Step forward."

Sally couldn’t stop herself from walking forward from the body. The large guns in
each hand weighed next to nothing to the hydraulic lifts beneath her strip of now fake
skin that passed over her metal skeleton. With a test of loyalty, the man ordered her to
shoot her former master and partners.

"Excellent." The man said. "With you on my side I’ll be the number
one crime boss of not only the city but the world. No one will dare to try to take me out
with you around."

"This is terrible." Sally cried an invisible tear as she found her body
forcing itself to walk over and rub her hands over his large chest while he kissed her on
the forehead. "I don’t want to be some mob hit woman."

She realized she wasn’t human anymore. She was a robot tool, servant to her new
master. She would remain that way unless someday she could figure out how to override the
command and think for herself. She felt like Pinocchio wishing to be a real girl. She will
wonder if like him, if her dreams would ever come true.
