---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Wendy
authors:
- Sir Stephen
tags:
- n/a
---

(story continues from [**Wendy**](wendy7.html))

\*
**Wandering
Wendy**
Part Eight in a
series by Sir Stephen

After Wendy’s long hard day at the library, she drove home to Eric. 
Her vibrator was nearly spent, and so was she.  As she got in the
car, she remembered to flip her skirt back so that her bare bottom touched
the car seat.  It was hard to concentrate on the road, but she made
it home.  Eric was waiting, having gotten off early from his work. 
Wendy came in the house flushed with desire, with the juice from her pussy
still lining the insides of her thighs like the rain on the storm-side
of an Aspen tree.

Wendy was relieved that Eric had dinner ready; this meant that they
would be able to play soon, and perhaps if she was extra good he might
let her cum!  How different her sexuality was now compared to before
she met Eric!  Then, she had been unable to orgasm; now, she was being
kept on the brink of a huge shattering climax for hours by remote control. 
Eric didn’t need to ask whether Wendy had been good; he could read it in
her eyes, in her hungry “I need to cum now” look.  Eric knew that
Wendy was so far into subspace that she would do almost anything now to
earn her reward.  Well, not just yet!

“Undress for me, Wendy,” he ordered, and she immediately stepped out
of her dress shoes and ankle socks, then removed her blouse, her underwire
bra, and her skirt.  There it was, the little silver egg in its nest
of sopping wet crotchrope, humming away at an almost inaudible volume. 
Eric popped it out deftly, replaced its battery, and slid it back into
position. 
“Remember, slavegirl,” Eric said, “you’re not allowed to cum without
my permission!” 
Wendy nodded and said “Yes, Master,” but she was so weak that Eric
had to help her to the dinner table.

Eric tied Wendy’s hair back, and then tied her naked body to the chair
with her hands behind her back, wrists-to-opposite-elbows style. 
He pulled up her ankles off the floor and attached them to the rungs in
such a way as to spread her thighs nicely.  The hard wooden kitchen
chair pressed against the knot over her anus, and Wendy squirmed slightly
and emitted a delicate moan as Eric worked a rope harness around her breasts,
doing more than any bra ever did to “lift and separate” her beautiful mammaries. 
Some mild but adjustable nipple clamps completed his treatment of her breasts.

Eric then blindfolded Wendy with a red silk scarf and began to feed
her, her dinner, broccoli and chicken breast baked in a sauce made from
cream of chicken soup, some mayonnaise, and a healthy dose of curry. 
Eric had already eaten.  After each bite, Wendy was to open her mouth
and stick out her tongue indicating her readiness for more.  For the
meal itself, Eric fed her without tricks, giving her a little water from
time to time and keeping her satisfied.  But dessert was a Popsicle
taken fresh from the freezer.  Wendy opened her mouth and stuck out
her tongue, but the Popsicle was held just out of reach.  Wendy had
to lean forward and extend her tongue just to make contact with the tip
of the Popsicle, which was then almost immediately withdrawn.

With a little whimper, Wendy seemed to ask why she was being denied
her dessert. Eric said, “Just keep working for it, slavegirl.  I want
to see your hungry tongue. Lick all over and it might be right next to
you.”  Indeed, Eric was holding the Popsicle so that Wendy could only
reach it by rotating her tongue and leaning over to one side and then the
other, as far as her chair-bondage could reach.  Finally, Eric said,
“No biting, now” and let Wendy pull just the tip of the Popsicle into her
mouth. 
“Mmmm” said Wendy, not so much because the treat was good as because
she had been allowed to finally suck on it.  Wendy started licking
the underside of the Popsicle just where its frenum would be if it were
a penis.

Delicate, almost chaste kisses and licks were bestowed upon the inanimate,
sweet, frozen Popsicle in a profusion of dessert-worship.  Kisses
that could be given to an older relative were planted on its very tip:
short, closed-mouthed, but sweet nonetheless.  Eric observed Wendy’s
pretty, full lips pursing and puckering, and enjoyed the sight of her tongue
extended like a little girl’s at her first Communion.  At this rate
the Popsicle would last about a year, Eric thought, but he continued to
pull it away from time to time, leaving Wendy’s mouth questing for its
sweet quarry, moving this way and that, and extending her pretty red tongue
as far as it would go in every possible direction.

Dinner concluded, Eric untied Wendy from her chair but kept her blindfold
in place.  Wendy was retied, still wearing her vibrating egg and crotchrope,
with her hands behind her back in the same position—wrists to elbows—which
caused her breasts to stick out quite attractively.  Her ankles were
hobbled with a rope about a foot and a half long and her nipple clamps
were tightened up a bit. 
“I am going to institute a new rule, Wendy,” said Eric.  “Every
time you hear this bell”—and Eric rang a small version of the classic schoolteacher
bell with a wooden handle—you are to seek me out wherever I am and attempt
to give me a blowjob.  You may have to pursue both me and, just like
the Popsicle, even my cock in order to reach your goal.  Even if you
hear this bell in your sleep, you are to find me by its sound and try to
get my penis inside your pretty mouth.  Do you understand?”

“Yes, Master,” said Wendy, delighted at the thought of this new game,
and hopeful that by giving excellent head she could get the permission
which was about all she needed now for a lovely orgasm. 
“Very good,” said Eric, and withdrew to another room silently, leaving
Wendy in the kitchen where she had been retied.

“Ring!”  From the living room came the sound of the silver bell,
and Wendy came after it, in slow hobbled wandering steps but with her mouth
and ears open, hoping to catch the sound of the bell again, or any sound
that would tell her exactly where her lover was.  Eric slipped behind
her, gave a loud but harmless smack to her bare bottom with his right hand,
said “Good girl!” and retreated soundlessly to the bedroom, leaving Wendy
moving helplessly about in the living room, mouth open, desperately seeking
a cock to suck on.

“Ring” the bell came softer now, having been rung gently, and having
to travel through two closed doors.  Wendy had to negotiate the doors
with her hands behind her back, and came tottering into the bedroom hoping
that she had guessed right as to where the bell was.  Eric flicked
the side of the bell with his finger, rather than user its clapper again,
and produced a tiny ringing sound that reassured Wendy enormously. 
Immediately, she came on, this time voicing her hunger, saying “Pretty,
pretty please with sugar on it, Master, may I pleeease pull your beautiful
big cock into my unworthy mouth and kiss it and suck it and make it happy
for you?”

“Ring” the bell said in answer.  Eric had by now disrobed and was
seated in the comfortable, upholstered chair next to the bed.  Wendy
came directly towards his position and knelt just where she needed to be. 
Eric playfully slapped the sides of her face with his fully-erect member
and asked “Is this what you’ve been looking for, slave?” Wendy nodded and
said, “Yes, Master, may I please, please at least kiss it for you?” “Ring!”
came her answer, but when Wendy bent down, like a girl bobbing for apples
in a barrel, she came up dry—Eric had pulled his penis away just like the
Popsicle.  Wendy had to quest for it, and was repeatedly spanked by
his cock on her cheeks or her chin or even her ears.

All things pass, of course, and even the patience of a good Master has
its limits.  As frustrated as Wendy was, Eric was beginning to get
almost as impatient as her pretty mouth rooted around—as a newborn baby’s
does looking for its mother’s breast, even before it can open its eyes
to track her.  For her part, Wendy had almost totally reverted to
a baby.  Her empty mouth and its need to be filled made even the knot
at her behind and the egg over her clitoris fade into the background. 
She shut her mouth for a moment in sheer consternation.  She could
smell Eric’s arousal—her blindfold made her more aware of her other senses—but
she could not clamp her mouth on it!

Where was that beautiful, long, hard cock that she needed to suck on? 
“Aaaah! There it is!” Wendy thought as she finally felt the bare tip of
Eric’s circumcised penis pressing against the very center of her closed
lips.  Immediately it was inside her, being laved and loved, bathed
and blessed, suckled and slurped, teased and tongued, cajoled and coddled,
and washed and worshipped.

Eric shut his own eyes, enjoying not just this moment but the moments
still ahead, the times when he would wake up horny and just ring a bell
for his slavegirl, with no need to speak, and enjoying, also, almost without
realizing it, the orgasms he would be able to give Wendy as soon as she
finished, this time and always, orgasms that would feel almost as good
to him as his own, as this huge one coming right now like an earthquake,
even now, like the first rumbles of a force that will open the world at
its surface and expose its insides, like this, this this this.

Eric came in gushes that overwhelmed Wendy’s ability to swallow them. 
The first she managed, but the second and third spilled out of her mouth,
wetting her chin and flowing down her neck to her sternum.  “Thank
you, Master, for cumming in my mouth,” she said, with no small expectation
of a reward.

Eric sat for a moment, sated and at peace with existence.  Then
he got up, brought Wendy to her feet, and undid the bondage holding her
arms behind her back.  He rubbed her elbows and wrists to reestablish
their circulation, and undid the hobble between her ankles.  Eric
tied a second silk scarf, with a knot in its middle, as a gag for Wendy
to chew on.  Eric then pulled back the sheets from the bed, stacked
two pillows in its exact middle, and said, “Up you go, with your ass on
the pillows, slavegirl.”  In short order, Eric was tightening Wendy
in a taut spread-eagle, with her pelvis elevated some eight inches off
of the mattress.  “Are you comfortable, slave?”  He asked. 
“Yesh, fank ew, aaster,” Wendy replied, in a delightful example of gag-talk. 
Still blindfolded, and now gagged, Wendy relaxed into her bondage with
the complete assurance of what was to cum.

This in itself was another contrast between Wendy today and her life
before Eric.  In bed with her previous lovers, Wendy was always wondering
whether they could possibly make her cum.  This speculation became
more real and present to her than the actuality of the moment, and she
lost her physical sensations in a wash of dis-associations.  Now,
with Eric, she knew that he would make her cum, in his own good time, and
in his own way.  Eric had the magic touch, and Wendy was able to relax
into this assurance.  The blindfold and gag helped by focusing her
mind on her sensations and by freeing her from the need to comment or even
think.

Eric took out a brand-new featherduster and began tickling Wendy’s toes
with it.  Unsure just what she was feeling, Wendy curled her toes
in delight.  “Mmmrph?” she asked, and Eric said, “Shhhh… just enjoy.” 
Eric moved the feather duster up Wendy’s legs, avoiding the insides of
her thighs, which were so wet that the feathers would get soppy from just
one stroke.  Eric removed Wendy’s nipple clamps and sucked briefly
on each breast, soothing them from the pain of the blood flowing back where
the clamps had been, and then dusted them as well.  Wendy’s sides,
from her hips to her underarms, then got lightly dusted and Wendy started
to giggle.

While still dusting her sides and inducing her merriment, Eric got out
a pinwheel anaesthesiometer and started rolling it from the top of one
pelvic bone to the other, across her pretty belly just below the navel. 
This was a medical instrument designed to test whether a local anesthetic
has taken effect – a steel wheel with spokes attached to a handle. 
Again, Wendy asked what was going on with another “Mmmrph?” sound, somewhat
more urgent this time.  Again, Eric declined to let her know what
was happening to her.  The pinwheel went back and forth, lower and
lower, now grazing the top of her pubic mound, and then going up and down
between her labia majora and her upper thighs, on that magical, smooth
patch of female flesh between one heaven and another.

Then the pinwheel went still further down, crossing the forward curved
of Wendy’s gluteous maximi, pressed appealingly forward by the tension
pressing her body down against the two pillows.  This time, Wendy’s
sounds were more accepting, as a long “Mmmmmm!” escaped her sodden silken
gag.  Eric discarded the duster and picked up a second pinwheel –
he had gone to a medical supply store – and soon each of Wendy’s wet inner
thighs was getting “pricklies” run up and down its length, from just above
the knee to her pretty pelvis.  Wendy got more agitated and started
bucking, not to escape the tiny pinpricks of minimal pain, but in an involuntary
reaction to a confusing but exciting stimulus.  Her pussy got even
wetter, if possible, and the pillows were soaked.

Eric ran the pinwheels down her shins rapidly and began using them to
stroke the soles of her feet.  “Mmmmph!” Wendy said, in a tone that
was clearly not a complaint.  Again and again the pinwheels traced
a line, in tandem, from Wendy’s heels to her toes.  In the tender
flesh of the arch of each foot, the pinwheels felt like a thousand tiny
bites, each gone in an instant only to be replaced by another.  “Mmmmph!”
she said again, apropos of nothing in particular.

Finally Eric set aside his toys and began rubbing Wendy’s’ feet. 
“Hmmmm” she said.  Still rubbing her left foot with his thumb pressed
against the bottom of the ball of her big toe, Eric began sucking on the
toes of Wendy’s right foot.  Strange behavior for a top, perhaps,
but Wendy had particularly pretty feet, and Eric no longer saw himself
cast in the rigid role of a Master.  He ran his tongue between her
toes, and took each one inside his mouth as a child licks a piece of candy
that he wants to enjoy for a long time.  “Aummmm,” Wendy said, in
a descending note that whimperingly said that she wasn’t sure she could
stand such pleasure, that she didn’t know that such pleasure existed. 
Here she was, a blindfolded and bound love-slave, and her lover was pleasuring
her in ways she would not even have known how to ask for.  Eric licked
her foot from heel to toe several times, kissed her big toe in farewell,
and then switched feet, repeating the process.  ‘

As Eric started laving her left foot, Wendy’s pussy demanded to know
why it wasn’t receiving all this oral attention.  After all, nothing
else would get her off!  Wendy started bucking in her bondage again,
whimpering that the tease was too great.  In his best wicked-witch-of-the-West
voice, Eric said “All in good time, my pretty.  All in good time.” 
He completed her left foot in no more of a hurry than the right, and then
began kissing and licking his way up both legs at a maddeningly slow pace. 
He paused at the underside of each knee to get in some long slow salty
licks, and then confronted her thighs, two rivers of pussyjuice flowing
from a single source.  “Emm! Mmm!” Wendy said, as Eric began navigating
these watercourses upstream.  Still unhurried, Eric enjoyed the gradually
increasing flavor of the two streams as he kissed and licked his way higher. 
Higher and higher, and now he was nearing the tops of her thighs. 
First one side, and then the other, and Wendy was bucking so hard that,
despite the extreme tightness of her bondage, she was elevating her pelvis
several inches at a time.

Eric reached one of his favorite spots, the smooth, flat strips of femininity,
which lay between her legs and the outer edges of her labia.  Now
Eric lapped away like an animal drinking milk, only more slowly, moving
neither to the left nor to the right, from bottom to top.  Left side,
right side.  Eric was getting a fantastic olfactory dose of Wendy’s
pussy as he went from one side to another.  He began just grazing
her pussy with his nose as he crossed over, a light touch that nearly sent
Wendy into outer space.  Left side, right side.  Eric had to
hold Wendy’s hipbones down so that her bucking didn’t interfere with his
licking.  But Eric was getting too aroused himself to keep doing this
forever.

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity of teasing, Eric reached
up to pinch and twist Wendy’s nipples, and sent his tongue into the cave
of her pussy like a spelunker without a flashlight.  His mouth filled
with her pussyjuice, a bittersweet concoction that made his partial erection
complete.  He probed her pussy, then began the vertical licks again
with the flat of his tongue, with a touch that became lighter as he reached
her clitoris, so that only the merest whisper of a touch flicked her clitoris
and continued on to its hood.  “Aumrgh! Mmmrph!” said Wendy, in an
untranslatable language that Eric understood completely.  Nevertheless
he continued to touch her clitoral area with only the lightest possible
flicks, causing Wendy no end of difficulty as she blindly strove to push
her pussy against his tongue, as she had blindly sought his cock with her
mouth before.

Eric enjoyed keeping Wendy in this state.  He knew he could make
her cum anytime he wanted to, in seconds, and he knew that then she would
need to rest and relax, and that he would have to stop licking her delicious
fountain of juices.  He kept her there for a criminally long time,
long enough to infuriate Wendy had she been able to even think about it. 
Instead, Wendy existed in a protracted moment that had no past and no future
other than the orgasm, which was just out of reach, just barely beyond
her.  Did minutes pass?  Did hours?  Did days?  Wendy
would not have known.

In a sudden decision, Eric pulled Wendy’s clitoris into his mouth all
at once and began furiously circling it with the tip of his tongue. 
Wendy entered into a sort of mental chute that plunged her pussy-first
into another level of existence.  The world disappeared, to be replaced
by a bundle of nerve fibers firing like a blinding light in the darkness. 
Wendy became a single point in a world of no dimensions, a quantum universe
where existence itself winked as being became non-being and non-being became
being like the strobe flashing across a techno-metal dance floor.

Time did not stop; it simply ceased to be.  The usual endless succession
of  “no's” was replaced with a single experience blended from the
three ecstasies of time: past, present, and future.  The unity of
Wendy the subjective person with the universe of objective things became
a palpable sensation, which arrived as a sort of combination of taste and
color, washing in waves over her frantically bucking limbs and belly, and
crashing like surf against the shore of her cerebellum.

Wendy came, and in coming she also went, and in going she also came. 
She was no longer a person with a name, but she was more herself than she
had ever been.  She continued to orgasm, as Eric went clockwise, then
counterclockwise, then up and down, and then sideways, across the tiny,
erect knob of female sensitivity that continued to explode like a big bang,
creating a universe and erasing whatever had existed before.  Pussy
juice and sweat flew off of her body like quasars and galaxies, and still
there was more.  Eric pulled her clitoris as far into his mouth as
he could, and he licked its underside like a tiny cock, paying attention
as well to the smooth area just beneath it with side-to-side and up-and-down
movements that were almost like the gestures of a congregation prostrating
itself repeatedly before the divine.

Wendy came.  Again, did moment’s pass, or minutes, or hours or
days?  This time even Eric could not have answered.  Present
at the birth of a new universe, he could not have said whether time had
simply passed or had instead been created incidentally, as a sort of afterthought
of the generative process. Wendy came, and continued to cum, and Eric drank
her juices and was covered with the excess.  His chin, his neck, his
chest, and his belly were awash in Wendy, and still she came.

But all things end, and the scalar fields which measure the stability
of the natural laws of the universe bear down upon all existing things
until some measure of consistency is brought to bear upon the experience
of being.  Only in a few tiny locales were the insides still out and
the outsides still in as the almost infinite precipitate of quarks condensed
into a mundaneity of atoms and molecules and cells.  And the living
cells were arranged in an organism, a female mammal tied with rope to a
bed by her soulmate, gagged and blindfolded with silk, but bound more by
love and affection than by other substance.

“Mmmmmmmngh!” she managed, as Eric released her clitoris and began covering
her body with tiny, closed-mouth, devout kisses.  “Unnngh!” she said
as he began her release, untying first her feet, then her hands, then her
breast-ropes, and then finally removing her blindfold and gag. 
As the gag came out, Wendy had just enough presence of mind to say
“Thank you, Master, for making me cum!” as the two fell into each other’s
arms and began the slow, gentle, tentative caresses and clutches which
were to lead to another, and another, and another intimate embrace, this
time without restraints, but, equally, without restraint. 

The story continues
in
**[Part
Nine - Whatever Wendy Wants](wendy9.html)**

story continues in [**Wendy**](wendy9.html)

o0o
