---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Coffee Table
authors:
- Too Shy
tags:
- Sbm
- F+-m
- table
- mirror
- cd
- cuffs
- gag
- encased
- hidden
- tease
- toys
- denial
- climax
- 'true'
- cons
- X
date: 2002-10-22 00:00:00
---

Those of you who have read my previous stories will remember the fun
I had in the bottom of a hollow sofa (see [Sofa Fun](../storiessz/sofa_fun.html))- well, this led me to come up with
another way of being in self-bondage in public while remaining hidden.

The house I live in has needed a great deal of work doing to it - this
has meant that I've had to find out all about DIY - or Do-it-yourself.
I've got lots of great power tools, and learned to build benches, doors,
kitchen units and the like.

Also, I've found out where my local timber yard and stockest are - also,
I had a mirror made for my bathroom, which meant I had to find a local
glass and mirror maker, and learn about the rules for toughened glass in
the home.

With these contacts and skills - which, trust me are quite easy to develop
- I came up with a new piece of furniture for the sitting room. Now, like
most people, we have a low coffee table in our sitting room - it is quite
large, and has a glass top. - Guess where I was going with my thoughts
;-)

Well, an afternoon in the garage with some good quality wood created
a person sized box - nicely finished if I do say so, even if it was a little
snug - lucky for me, I'm only average height, not a 6 foot 4 giant! I then
spent an hour at the mirror/glass company, I asked if they could create
a one way mirror - you know the type, from the movies - I explained that
I wanted it made from toughened glass, as it was going in a hole in a wall
to make a mirror on one side, and let the light in on the other - they
bought this story, and took the measurements - exactly the right size to
form a new top for the box I'd just made.

It actually took longer than I thought for them to finish as they had
some problems with the coating of something like that. But when it did
arrive, I was very impressed - the view through the see-through side was
darker than I expected, but the mirror side was completely like a real
mirror - you couldn't see through it.

I used a tough epoxy resin glue to add brackets on the back that slid
down inside the rim of the box, leaving a 1cm gap between the edge of the
box and the brackets - I installed a similar set of brackets in the box
- it allowed me to put padlocks through each bracket to lock the one-way-mirror
lid down - can't have anyone opening it now can we!!! I was a little concerned
that the lid fit very well, so I drilled some air holes in the base, and
raised the box on to little feet made of wood. This had the added advantage
making the whole thing look more like a coffee table.

The lid was really quite heavy, and difficult to move - I found that
I could get in best if I laid the lid at the foot of the box, and put the
first set of brackets over the lip - this held the lid propped up - then
I could reach down, and drag the top up over me - the last set of brackets
I lifted up over the edge by pushing up with my knees to lift it over the
edge. Difficult to describe, but if you build one, you'll figure out a
way of dragging the top into place.

Once inside, there is no light from the box, so you can see out of the
one-way-mirror really quite well - and people outside have a nice mirrored
large coffee table to stand their cups on, lean on, put their feet on -
and generally use.

Okay - so I tested it at one of my wife's coffee mornings - just like
I tested the hollow sofa - she was in on the game, and has recently become
more involved thanks to the wonderful encouragement from one of the readers
of this website - you know who you are - kisses to you!

I was dressed in the usual basque and stockings - gag and a plug followed
- nothing buzzy - didn't want a moment of silence to give me away!!!

I used cuffs this time as they were the easiest to put on in such a
confined space - my ankles were pre-cuffed once I was in the box, before
the lid went on. Okay, so there I was, inside the coffee table - my wife
helped me get the lid on this time - although as I said, I can do it myself.
30 minutes later, the first woman arrived - over the next hour, others arrived,
until the usual gathering of ladies were there - my wife made them tea
and coffee, and conversations began. It was a very very strange sensation
- amazingly exciting - they had no idea that I was there - literally inches
from them - each time one of the ladies reached down for a cup, or to put
a cup down again, it was exactly as if they were reaching to stroke me.

I could see everything - they could see nothing. A few people commented
on the table, and that it was a little unusual, and my wife just laughed,
and said that they knew that her husband had an unusual taste - the minx!

Well, those of you who have read my other story will know that my wife
is wonderful, and has a sense of what to do to make a situation that much
more fun. She announced that it would be great to re-live her miss-spent
youth, and have a game of cards or two.

She suggested that they mix two packs (to make up the numbers), and
play rummy - you know the one where you have to match values or get runs.
It involves a growing pile of discarded cards on a table top - you get
the idea! - They played for about an hour - laughing and chatting at the
same time - there was so much movement of hands down and up above the mirror
table top, that I was getting increasingly horny.

Well, with no stimulation other than visual and mental, I remained frustrated,
but after they left, my wife lifted the lid, and added a buzzy friend -
the lid down, she put her feet up and watched TV for about 30 mins - 10
mins was all I needed, so 20 minutes were over stimulated torture - can't
wait for the next coffee morning!!

good luck in your DIY projects :-)

Any other project ideas, or advice you want, hey, email me!
