---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/latex_suzie2.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Latex Suzie's Fantasies
authors:
- Latex Suzie
tags:
- M/f
- F/m
- F/f
- FF/m
- latex
- bond
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2007-03-02 00:00:00
---

**Number 2.**

Walking past the store, his eye is caught by a black satin corset
segmenting a dummy with a pump up latex gag next to it on the floor.
Smiling, he enters, wondering how her first day was. "Ding Ding" marks
his entrance to the very quiet store, he expected a "Mmmmpffff" rather
than a ding, it sort of seemed more appropriate. Looking around it is
empty but various sumtuous latex & leather equipment was spread around.
A leather armbinder for male & female hang in one corner, it felt so
soft between his fingers as he caressed it contrasting starkly with the
rather severe leather buckle straps at wrists, elbow and top. Mmmmm.
Looked rather inviting. The smell of leather combined with the smell of
latex and quickly tongued his nostrils making him gasp. Mmmmm, how nice
to feel it being cinched firm with such a wonderful smell enveloping
him, soft latex-glad fingers caressing his now captive biceps and taut
pectoral muscles.

Walking around he spied long shoulder length latex gloves which he loved
and even more so on a woman, following and hugging her arms to her
shoulders framing her mounds encased in shiny latex. Various plugs and
gags were under another counter, a pump-up latex gag like that in the
window along with ball gags, and a fiendish looking head harness with a
firm latex ball enwrapped in a soft leather bag. Plugs made him feel
uneasy but for the right delicious person he'd submit, although enjoyed
working plugs into that teaser of perfection, a feminine butt. His last
girlfriend used to tease him by crawling around the bed tilting with her
impossibly perfect ass in the air, such a torment and she knew she had a
tight pert ass. Along another wall ran various high-heels, in
surprisingly large sizes and even inflatable latex bras and vibrating
male briefs. He wondered what she had in mind, her web site pictures had
been fantastic and her choice of stories, passionate and erotic in the
extreme.

His arousal became intoxicating waves as the sudden sounds coming from
the curtains behind the counter wafted through the aroma of latex &
leather. Walking closer past coils of soft cotton rope, his puzzled
expression soon turned into a wide grin. "mmMMPPPHHHFFF...
Mmmmmm-MMMMmm" were sounds he recognised, the sound of a woman in deep
shuddering pleasure muffled by tight penetrating latex. Pushing the
curtain aside slightly, his eyes widened at the stunning sight before
him. Her long hair was strewn across her face, as she bucked her hips in
the air twisting and grinding against relentless buzzing in her groin.
From the beads of sweat on her face she has clearly been busy and
tormented for some time! With her eyes tightly shut he watches her as
the last (for the moment) orgasm racks her body. Her hips were high in
the air, with sensual long stilleto heels struggling against the ground
and head back straining against the back of the oh so snug posture
collar. She looked absolutely fantastic, and probably felt it too!

Eyes
flickering open she pantted in desperate recovery before the next orgasm
welled up inside her, only to find her new friend smiling broadly back
at her. "Hello, ... I, er see you have been quite busy today, - you are
selling more than you test out though!".

Despite the pumped up latex gag rounding her cheeks he could still hear her
giggles, and see them through a wonderfully cinched tight waist.
MMMmmmmm, that looked soooo goood. Her mittened hands struggled against
the straps of the gag but to no avail. Walking over and struggling to
mask her effect on him, he knelt down and lifted her cinched back leaned
her against his knee.

"You want out?" he asked

"Mmmmmfffff!" came her
delicious reply.

"I guess that's a yes" he replied grinning widely
holding her body gently pampering her.

He reached down to the bulb
leading to the gag, as it brushed her voluptuous chest exquisite in it's
latex cocoon. Mischievously he gave the pump a quick pump, the pst, made
her eyes bigger distracting her from the buzzing within her briefly. Feigning puzzlement, "Oh, it's this one!" he teased as he released the
pressure forcing the gag deep into her mouth sealing it. The latex
creaked, or was it her jaw, as it shrunk in size revealing her crimson
red lips to him. As soon as it was deflated, an embarrassed grin spread
across her face.

"Er Hi!... I was put in this to entice customers to buy
things!", she replied blushing redder than the numbingly-sexy hobble
dress she was wearing.

"Hmmm, I see, glad they didn't buy this one," he
replied with eyes smiling back at her.

She looked incredible, the latex
dress hugged every curve of her outrageously erotic body. Her eyes were
becoming more distant again as the buzzing within her shapely ass and
beneath That Corset took hold of her again.

"I-I.. I need to get out of
this" she stammered as her head began to flop & spasm about her
shoulders fighting against the posture collar and the new waves of
pleasure reaming through her. Gently squeezing her waist between the
very strong corset-boning he really wasn't sure.

"Oh, I don't know, you
look fantastic in it..."

Her waist did look fantastic she grinned to
herself! Sliding his arm under her knees his eyes rolled at the gorgeous
calves and very long stilleto heels, moaning very softly to himself, she
was torment personified, or latexfied!

"What are you doing?" she
suddenly manages to blurt out grinning, in between the pants against her
invaders and the strain of the corset. Her ribs ached but it felt SOOO
good!

She soon found out as he rocked her onto her ass, grinding the
plug slowly in & out of her ass in a tortuous motion which soon had her
legs straining against the wonderful squeezing of the hobble skirt and
her head back against the collar. With the gag deflated in her mouth she
stared into his eyes as finally another orgasm rushed through her body,
her legs snapped apart briefly only to be brought back together by their
rubbery confines, the cry of sheer ecstacy from her mouth erupted free
this time helped by the heavily boned corset.

"Hmmm, can see why someone
gagged you!" he teased her, her giggling shook the corset against him.
Wow she looked great particularly with a freshly-fk'd glow covering her.

"The remotes are in the ankles, it unzips..." she panted as her head
flops against his shoulder, finding a rather nice thick pectoral to
nuzzle against.

"I'm knackered! Will you remove this gag, it sort of
gets in the way". The gag still penetrating her mouth with it's latex
phallus was unbuckled and he wiped some of her drool from her mouth, as
her mittened hands struggle she gives him a teasing wide sick-cow-eyed
look.

Smiling and laughing still head-scrambled by the sight before him,
he unzips her skirt to the knees and removes the remote. Her attempts at
bending against the corset were completely futile and exhausting. What a
wonderful predicament! Bet it felt so horny too!

"What are YOU grinning
at?" she suddenly asks, frowning, seeing his face take on a decidedly
teasing grin, "BZZZZZZZZZ!!!" came the reply from deep within her as he
flicked the remotes onto full speed.

"Nnnngggnnn, ... that's... that's
not fair!" she panted out against the corset, as her shapely chest
heaved passionately and above it. Switching them slowly off she would
have felt slightly deflated at their loss had it not been for the
relentless squeezing of the corset against her gorgeous body.

Coming more to her senses she really looked great in it, her shapely
breasts curved out stretching the latex tight and were forced upwards by
the corset beneath. What an incredible figure and what an outfit! The
hood framed her face better than that on the television rain woman, -
now that always made rainy days something to look forward to! Mmmm, he
couldn't resist, he placed a gentle caring kiss on her cheek, her
mittened hand searching across his chest as he did.

Getting up with the
combination of the heels and corset proved to be a feat in itself, she
ended up rolling onto all fours which only served to bury his jaw in the
ground as the tight corset framed her shapely ass. Twisting against the
rigid confines of the posture collar she looked up and laughed "These
boots aren't made for walking!"

"Hmmm, they look a little bit
precipitous," his eyes still admiring her figure.

Noting this, she
wiggled her ass... just for effect, giggling at his distinctly guttural
moan in reply. Thinking he might need to lie down, or be tied down to
prevent him shining with sweet caresses all the latex curving erotically
in front of him, he helped her to her feet, or rather her toes.

"Hey,
shorty! Think we need to find you some heels!" she laughed, noting that
at least in these shoes she was able to quite definately look down on
him.

Her cute nostrils and full lips looked sensational, "Oh that's ok"
he replied caressing her lips with his finger tips, teasing at their
softness, "you've got to \*walk\* in them with the plugs in you!".

This
was true, walking round the store had been more of a controlled
tottering as she constantly made short steps to balance herself. With
the plugs in her the constant movement simply served to tease at her
well screwed ass and sex all the more.

"There's an upstairs, I can get
changed and we can get something to eat, I take it you found us without
much difficulty?"

"Yes, the items in the window meant I couldn't walk
by".

Grinning to herself as she remembered the other corset in the window
cinched nothing like as tight as the one around her. 'Us' reminded him
that she was already very much attached to her lover LC who would be
joining them shortly. He wasn't quite sure how he was going to cope with
two mischievous women so quite frankly Horny in Latex, rather than
Sleepless in Seattle.

Helping her across the room, he held her securely
round the waist so she couldn't slip or fall. On reaching the stairs, she
rested half against the wall and half against him. Suddenly remembering
a few scenes in Richard & Jennifer (now there was a week of
mind-screwing if ever there was one!). She realised how Jennifer must
have felt. The dampness down below was getting worse again from the
tortuously slow screwing of the plugs.

"What's in the bag?" she asked,
pawing at it through her mittens,

"Oh just some toys" I replied rattling
the mixture of latex-folds & leather.

"MMmmmm - I LIKE toys!"

"Yes, so
it would appear" I replied nudging her ass and looking at her so tight
waist. She just smiled, freshly screwed, remaining panting. The top of
the corset just flexing slightly as she breathed against it. Quite a
spectacle.

"You ok there?" he asked looking at her half closed eyes as
she rested her forehead against the wall. Brushing the matted hair from
her face he couldn't help but laugh, the plugs must have been creating
some interesting sensations. "Yessss... stop laughing and help me up the
stairs!".

Teasingly he reached down and unzipped the skirt a little
higher, "Can't see you doing the penguin up the stairs can we". It would
be bad enough with the heels on, as her attempts at bending in the
corset only met with moans.

"Oh, can you get these mittens off?", she
asked rubbing her little paws together. Untying the tight laces released
a pair of sensual fingers which she brushed his chest with gently. Hmmm,
nice gentle touch he thought, her eyebrow flick hid her mischievous in
sweet innocence.

Slowly she tottered her way up the stairs, twisting her shapely latex
covered ass as she balanced to make each step. Couldn't unzip the skirt
too far, would spoil the effect he thought. Her panting and moaning
against the restriction of the corset was sheer music.

"Well, we... - we
made it" she sighed with relief at the top, "I need a rest".

Flopping
down on a sofa she relaxed back abandoning her fight against the corsets
erotic boning, and uncerimonially placed her latex covered legs on the
table.

"Those heels look a little... dangerous." I said eyeing the long
stilleto points.

Laughing wickedly, "Heh, yes, they do a bit, my 5-1/2"
ones are easier to walk in but combined with the hobble skirt they are
remarkably effective". Her eyebrows stressed the word effective, her
teasing was making sitting uncomfortable.

"Do you want help getting them
off?", I asked, "yes" came a still panting reply as she tossed her head
back... wish she wouldn't pant so, it makes that corset come alive.
Unlacing each boot took some time but eventually a luscious pair of feet
were revealed, a very tired pair of feet!

"Mmmmm-mmmmmMmmmm..!" that
feels soooo good she purred stretching herself down the sofa as her feet
were massaged into a warm relaxed bliss. Having received a good
pampering-to, she swung her corsetted hips athethletically off the sofa.
"Fancy a drink?", she asked walking to the cupboard and showing him a
bottle, "-that's fine". Clinking some ice-cubes into the glass, she
placed them on the table, only to start sucking her ice-cube intimately,
tonguing its rough edges whilst purring as the cool water trickled down
her tongue.

Eyeing the bag for a few seconds whilst in mid suck, "What's in the
bag?"

"Ooo, just some things I and a girl used to play with - a while
back, she emigrated I'm afraid"

"Wait I-..." his voice trailed off as
he was surprised at how quick she managed to run forward to grab the
bag.

"Heh-heee!" she giggled as she turned round, pushed him back with
her ass and quickly having it open despite his efforts.

"Pwoooaargh!
These look nice!" she said staring in at what was actually a plastic bag
on the top, just to tease!

Inside she quickly found a bundle of latex,
leather and a few coils of soft white cotton rope. Slowly she eased the
jumbled bundles out and examined each one closely, all were shiny and
spotless despite their jostling confines. Black latex stockings and
shoulder length gloves, sheathed pants, and one of her favourites, a
pump-up latex gag. There was something rather erotic about having a
mouth full of latex gag, pumped up relentlessly to it's penetrating
limits. There was a tall black satin corset with heavy steel boning,
which she held up to compare with her own.

"Er, ummm, well why should a
woman get all the fun toys! Tight things can feel really good, although
that will not close fully", he said trying to hide his redness behind
the glass which was proving too small to be particularly effective.

"You're cute - bet \*I\* can get it to fasten!" she grinned wickedly.

A
long latex T-shirt completed the list, just reaching to his ass & groin.
The final latex item was an inflatable latex bra which "she" had decided
he should have one night, taking delight at the way his pec's moved them
around to his acute embarrassment. A large red ball gag and complex soft
leather ball gag in chin/head leather harness completed the ensemble of
"Mmmmfing!" devices. She toyed with the soft leather wrapped latex ball
with her fingers, would be quite fetching she thought to herself hiding
a half-smirk.

Other items range from leather ankle & wrist cuffs, to bicep cuffs and
multi-buckle knee binder which could be combined with rope to make an
arm binder. A 6" wide leather bondage belt with integral rear locking
cuffs unfurled itself across the table with a chinking of buckles, and a
high leather posture collar popped out. Her slender neck was still
snugly buckled in hers.

Her attention was now focused on a vibrating
plug and what looked like a normal vibrator but in a leather ring
harness which attached to the male member so as to torment it and
segment it mind-numbingly, preventing any chance of it deflating.

"What
an interesting selection..." she said in an inquisitive but decidedly
wicked voice, "I'm off to get changed, and THEN we can start on YOU! Put
on the shorts & umm T-shirt. Then we'll try some things and I'm hungry,
LC will be here shortly - careful or she may want to use some of her
toys on you if you're not ready!"

At that she nimbly got up and and
slipped the hobble skirt finally undone, treating him to a sight her of
corset extentuated hips and great legs, slicked under the catsuit by her
physical exertions downstairs. Slipping away she slightly frowned at the
still clamping tightness of her hard boned corset as it jossled her
breasts.

Whilst away he quickly changed into the shorts and struggled to
get the T-shirt down, feeling a little uneasy at first he slips them on.
Walking into the room her face flushes at the image before her, her
latex hood is slick with sweat, as is her bra forced upwards by the
wonderfully tight corset. She quickly begins to release her corset,
enjoying the last aches from her ribs. As the busk is unclipped
revealing her waist and letting her breasts adjust in her bra, her
fingers follow the line of her breasts outwards. Her fingers tease her
tender nipples whilst her other hand slips down pushing against the
inwards curve of her stomach making her moan even before it reaches her
sex. Touching the big vibrator in her only serves to make her buck
involuntarily against her hand. Smiling, but frowning as her mind
regains control of her far too horny body, she stops, reminding herself
of her visitor and starts to change.

As her latex bra is removed her breasts bounce free, glistening with the
effort of the day, the sensations made her giggle as she grasped her
globes and massaged their curvaceous form. Bending over the made perfect
inverted tear-drops as they jostled for her attention as she struggled
to slip the stockings off her sexy hairless legs. There was no shower at
the shop so she washed herself with a bottle of water, rubbing a sponge
over her body and drying herself with a large fluffy towel.

Hunting
through her bag for something interesting she pulls out some long coils
of rope, some leather cuffs, another corset and a black bra with sleeve
down to her ribs, black shoulder length gloves, stockings, and suspender
belt. Her 5-1/2" black stilleto pumps should finish things off quite
nicely. Ooo. No, can't forget another pair of pants with plug sleeves,
only this time she was going to avoid that buzzing if she could.

She
rolled the stockings up her legs, stretching the latex tight and testing
the wonderful firmness, the pants and suspenders were next and always
"interesting", the sleeves she had to tease into place with a small but
invasive dildo after lubing them. It was her girlfriends strap-on -
funny how those things can come in handy! Bending over she stretched her
back, that corset had been SOOOO tight. Whilst bent over she caught the
sight of her breasts swinging gently, smiling she gently massaged them...
she was becoming horny again. Slipping them into the shaped latex bra
they looked fantastic and her figure... it reminded her of the girl in
similar on Latex Lover. No wonder he was having difficulty focusing on
anything. A posture collar soon followed, with shoulder length gloves
setting off her firm curvy arms as they rolled slightly back from her
shoulders. Clipping the stockings into the latex suspenders she admired
herself in the mirror. Standing with her legs slightly apart, showing
the full height of her heels her eyes followed the stunning image
staring back at her up to her neck. Her hair needed a little attention
belying her empassioned activies down below in both senses, but that
was soon fixed.

His concentration at tightening the corset was interupted by the sound
of her heels clicking along the floor torwards him, the sight made the
ache in his groin return with a passion. She liked the reaction in his
face, giggling as he swallowed hard. "Come on! Get that corset on!" she
teased.

Moving behind him to take his wrists from the laces and squeeze
affectionately his biceps in their black latex confines she suddenly
pulled his elbows tight behind him making him moan and sending a shudder
through his body. He was going to be fun she thought, as she tested the
tightness of his firm pectorals poking above the corset.

"Mmmmmmm, can
see why she bought you a bra!" she joked at his visible expense.

His
latexed hands gently slipped around her waist, it looked fantastic
without a corset as he gently caressed the area where her bra underwrap
stopped just above her ribs. The small of her back was firm, he couldn't
resist he reached forward to kiss her gently on the cheek and move on to
her neck. She pulled him close squashing her breasts into his chest and
he responding, pulling her tight and teasing her rapidly becoming pert
nipples by tensing his chest. He felt her hands slip down his back to
the corset around his waist and suddenly cinch the laces at the top.

"I'll tell LC!" she grinned.

Moving behind him she reached round his
ankles and placed the cuffs on them leaving them loose for the moment.
Working her soft latex hands up his legs she pushed his legs apart, he
didn't argue but complied quite happily. She massaged his thick
quadraceps, they felt great through the latex. The stockings were the
largest he could find but still gripped mind-screwingly tight. The
rolled down slightly from his groin, until they reached the bulge at the
top of his thighs.

As her hands reached up to his groin she suddenly gripped tightly around
his latex sheath firmly at the base, squeezing it and pumping it.
Rolling his head backwards, a soft moan escaped his lips which were soon
sucking and tonguing her latex fingers as they pushed into his mouth.
Leaning forward she brushed ler latex'd spheres into his back sending
his eyebrows into tight orgasming spasms.

Suddenly they heard a bag drop
on the floor, it was LC! She had been stood there watching!

Making her
jump with a start he hungrily chased at her fingers as she pulled them
out of his mouth, slicked with his caresses.

"So he made it I see...
almost with you too!".

"I - I, I was just helping him get ready!" she
replied with face reddening as LC planted a deep kiss on her mouth.

"You
get something ready to eat, whilst \*I\* work on him". LC looked stunning,
she was wearing black skin-tight pants, with a soft baggy white cotton
shirt loosely belted over them and her long curls flowing about her
shoulders. Walking around him she bent down to snap the ankle cuffs
together.

"Can't have you running" she said looking up at him, her
figure was almost as good as her partners from the curves and white
cotton flowing over her tight thighs. The ache in his groin was
returning. Behind him she began to work on the laces, starting at the
top and then the bottom and then repeating until he was panting heavily
at the effort and she was busy ramming a knee into his latex covered ass
in effort.

"You two having a good time?" joked her partner as she bent
down to the cupboard, flashing them both a fantastic view of her ass &
thighs. Her breasts bounced in their latex confines. The corset he hoped
masked the reason for his moan, but LC cinched the ties round his waist
very tightly in response. "Nnnnnngggnnn" came his reply as the corset
now fastened shut sent waves of pleasure through him with every breath.
Why should women have all the fun he thought.

Walking over to the table, she pushed chocolates aside he had brought
only to bite into one hungrily, chasing chocolate crumbs with her thick
pink tongue. Picking up the coils of white rope she moved back over to
him. "Arms behind my little pet!" she voice hissed cynically.

"Told you
she would do you!" grinned her lover with hands on her firm looking
athletic waist.

With his hands behind him she began to snake the white
rope round and round his wrists, slowly, enjoying the sight of it
contrasting against the black latex beneath. Cinching them firmly
together, she winched at his response, how she loved watching the
response. The coils begged to be wound up to his elbows, but first she
bound them round and round his biceps, snugly constricting the firm
latex'd flesh.

"Mmmmm", she purred as she tongued the back of his neck
teasingly before pulling his elbows together, working them closer and
closer. He groaned deeply at the sensation of them being drawn closer,
being totally bound by the woman behind him whilst her partner in front
was grinning from ear to ear, so much she hadn't noticed her fingers
were teasing her nipples again. His head was swimming again, two women
who would not behave.

"BONDAGE collar!" she pouted, signalling to the
table, with his eyes focused on hers as she walked towards him, grinning
back with the collar opened ready to slip round his neck. The bones in
her face were as shapely as her body, her teeth white and sharp as she
grinned brushing her cheek against his as she reached behind to buckle
it tightly. As he kissed her again with his lips brushing against her
soft flesh she pulled the buckle firm pulling his head back as the
posture collar gripped him snugly. Behind the second buckle was
tightened with the rope from his arms looped through it to ensure the
elbow ropes didn't slip. He squirmed his arms & hands through the
bondage as she stood admirring her handiwork and the erotic sight before
him. Bound & corsetted very securely his squirms were futile serving
only to make him pant hard against the grip of the corset forcing his
ribs smaller.

LCs partner worked her hands around his waist, her eyes widening and she
pouted as waist she found it just as tight as her own had been,
squeezing him firmly, with flesh rigidly gripped between the boning by
the soft black satin. Kneading him and smoothing the material he was
caught off guard by LCs hand slipping up and pushing the leather ball
into his mouth, almost in he pushed it back.

"Oooooo! No way!" cried LCs
partner, as she playfully thumped the smallest part of his strictly
corsetted waist. Bucking backwards more from surprise as it couldn't get
through the corset he gasped a bit too widely in surprise at their
mischief, and the leather covered ball was soon thrust between his lips
and pushed deep into his mouth behind his teeth.

"That's not fair!" he
cried squirming his latex'd arms against their tight bondage to no
avail.

"Too late! Got you!" they cried as they both worked to quickly
secure the buckle behind his head. He couldn't move his head much due to
the posture collar and so it wasn't long before the gag was pulled deep
into his mouth and the strap over his head and under his chin was tight.
His mouth was very full of gag and he couldn't open his mouth at all!

"Hmmm, even more effective than a latex gag and a nice big ball!".

"nnnmmnngmmmfff!" came his reply. The sound of his panting against the
corset was loud through the room as they listened grinning widely.

"Off
to get ready!" LC said to her partner as she popped a chocolate into her
mouth, only to have her finger sucked lovingly with eyes closed.

"MMMmmmmmpppffff!" came his reply, he obviously wasn't going to get any
chocolates or food tonight. Little did he know.

Slipping away LC gave
his member a hard squeeze, before her short but perfectly appropriate
stilletos click across the floor as she wiggles her ass at him cupped by
the white shirt tails flowing from the black leather belt hanging
teasingly loose around her waist. With only the ability to move his
fingers there is little else he can do to relieve the torment.

"Awww,
thank you for the chocolates. They taste SOOO nice!" she \*purred\* as her
firm pink tongue pulled at the textured underside of one, closing her
eyes in ecstacy before biting it whole into her mouth with white teeth
snapping shut.

Swishing in her black latex stockings closer she wipes another across
the black leather pad in front of his gag, tortuously close to his
nostrils and tightly gagged lips. He is being tormented by her sight,
and the smell of her latex, the leather and now chocolate. A whimper
escapes the gag only to turn into a moan as she grips his member and
slowly stretches along it just teasing under the head with her finger
nails through the latex.

"MMmMMMMMMmmmMMMMMMPPPPPFFF!" came the
tormented reply.

Her eyes move from one pectoral to another as they are
stretched tight by the bonds her lover put on him, "mmmm" she thought as
she teases the firm taut muscles with her latex fingers and squeezes
each nipple in turn before staring deep into his eyes to squeeze her
own.

Moving downwards, her soft latex'd hands pad his corsetted waist,
how he longed to be unbound so he could let his hands caress her lithe
voluptuous form. Kneeling with those fantastic heels pointing erotically
behind her, she takes his member in her mouth, right to the back of her
throat before she gags on it, before tonguing it rapidly around his head
and pushing and pulling on his shaft with her lips. The bonds binding
him so snugly and the grip of the corset suddenly vanish as he arches
even more at her toying, until the grip of corset springs him back into
their bondaged form.

Gasping he emits a long moan, "shhhh!" she says
pushing him out of her mouth with her tongue. Moving towards her he is
suddenly reminded of the ankle-cuffs.

"Steady! You're nearly as bad as
me", referring to the time when she could barely stand up only a short
time earlier. Getting up she drew her hands slowly up her body from her
latex'd thighs to her tightly latex'd breasts, pouting at him.

"\*\*MMMMMPPPFFF!\*\*" came his reply as he rubbed his legs together, making
her roar with giggles shaking her body delightfully. Reaching back to
the table she snapped a leash onto his collar, and put a slightly wider
chain between his cuffed ankles. "Time to do some after hours shopping".

Leading him downstairs he panted heavily against the corset and gag, his
mouth was so full of gag! Her grin was delicious, watching his
struggles. In the shop she led him round, his waist so tightly corsetted
and his shoulders pulled back by the white ropes against his latex'd
arms. Quite a sight. Pulling him over to a counter she picked up a pair
of very high stilleto heels, they were black with a platform and a thin
7" heel. Squeezing his hamstring she guided his foot into them.

"NNNNgggg!" came his gagged no. Soon she had the heels bound with more
ropes to his feet, making him totter wide-eyed in them, resting his
hands against the counter against him, thrusting his chest out towards
her.

"Now you're a better height!" she grinned wickedly at him, his
cheeks were tinged slightly red at how he must have looked. She also
picked up a pair of long black thick-latex boots, these too had a very
high heel put the lacings looked quite severe - they would act like
corsets on her legs.

"I, er, earned these earlier" she said flicking her
eyebrows at him. So it would appear from her escapades or rather lack of
earlier. From how she looked he was a little surprised she hadn't
managed to sell the entire shop. A red ball gag hung on the wall, how
pretty it would look bound tightly behind her teeth! Moving him round
the store she picked up a strap-on harness which made his eyes grow very
wide, as she slowly buckled it around her waist and hips, proceeding to
walk gyrating her hips around the room teasing him as her stilettos
scratched erotically at the floor. Tugging him back upstairs, with him
panting against the corset sending his chest heaving and strangely,
having exactly the same effect on her, he finally clacked across the
floor.

LC was busy sitting on the sofa with her latex'd legs crossed lazily
sucking on a chocolate. She was dressed in a black latex catsuit, with a
latex corset tight rouhg her waist pushing her tight round breasts high.
On her feet were a pair of of stillettos and round her waist he noticed
was another strap-on harness like her partners, only this one had a very
large black dildo in it!

"Glad you found him something for his feet!"
she grinned flicked her eyebrows in amused agreement with her choice.

"Gnnnn!" came his reply, still eyeing the large dildo.

Watching him she
slowly teased it's head, as her partner crawled across the floor to her
and slowly took it deep into her mouth as she bucked her hips upwards.
Torment, sheer torment. They proceeding to deeply kiss one another,
massaging one anothers very attractive bodies and deeply fondling the
opposites hair. He was left to squirm his legs and so tightly bound
arms.

Grinning, LC got off and moving behind him kicking his cuffed
ankles apart before pushing her phallus against his ass directing him
towards the table. Bending him over the table her whimpered through his
gag, as she pulled his wrists firmly high behind him to a hook and rope
she had positioned. Moving round to the table she was handed the
vibrating plug by her partner, grinning evily and proceeded to grease it
liberally.

Shaking his head and "MMmmmfffing" she massaged his ass and
cock firmly before holding at the entrance to his anus and pushing it.
With arms so bound and calves aching from the heels, mouth full of gag
he had little choice but to take the plug into his ass. She worked it
slowly into him until it slid home with a plop and his ass gripped
hungrily about it's base. Now his ass felt quite full too. Untying his
wrists from the hook she turned him round to massage his aching jaw from
the gag buried in his mouth. Her partner now reached round and he felt
she too had now a dildo fitted tightly into her strap-on harness. He
fortunately had run out of places for them penetrate him deeply with
things, but the black latex fingers now wrapped the leather harness
around his latex enwrapped member.

First she buckled it tight behind his balls so it and the long vibrator
it carried along his shaft couldn've fall off. More straps then held it
tight against his shaft, and tightly segmented his cock until it was
pulsing large and very hungry for either of their voluptuous bodies.
When finished they stood back to admire their handiwork, his eyes were
heavy now his body now saturated with male hormones begging for release
and his desire to drive either of them straight through orgasm & beyond.

"BZzzzzzzzz" came the noise as the plug started in his ass and the one
under his now very engorged head. He almost dropped to the floor as the
sensations snapped his head back. They both had to hold him up around
his trussed-up elbows and aching waist until they turned both vibrators
to their lowest setting. His eyes were no longer coherent, and his mind
was somewhere in his body trying to get away from the ecstacy that far
too slowly tormented it.

LC then turned her attention to her partner,
and proceeding to bind her arms tightly together in front of him, ropes
curled round her wrists and cinched them tight, making her grunt and
breasts jump delightfully. Soon her elbows were in tight bondage and on
cinching them until they met the grunt that accompanied was purely
guttural. Her stomach looked fantastic as her arms were pulled so tight
behind her thrusting her breasts and chest out. The same distant look
was appearing in her eyes he noticed, his own member pulsing at her body
making her grin deliciously.

Soon a pump-up gag was pushed deep into her
mouth and buckled tight behind it making her frown, pushing her back
onto the table LC gripped and squeezed her thighs tightly before
ravishing her face and neck with her tongue. Her fingers pulled and
teased at her nipples, making her "MMMMpppfff!" loudly into her gag with
wild abandon. Unbuckling her strap-on and slapping her gorgeous pert ass
LC sat on a chair and pulled her over by the bulb on her gag,
pst-pst-pst-ing it bigger until her cheeks and eyes bulged with mouth
achingly full of gag.

Guiding her down onto her lap LC penetrated her,
making her shudder with pleasure as the big thick phallus worked through
the folds until it was very deep within her. She squirmed her bound
elbows and wrists teasingly, jiggling her breasts just inches from LCs
face who proceeded to lash each nipple with her tongue, sending her
partners head rolling about her neck with each wave of electricity
through her breasts.

He squeezed his legs together trying to get off but the plug deep in
his ass and the vibrator agonisingly slowly screwing his cock were set
too low. With LC grinning wickedly at him, her partner began to work
herself up and down on the strap-on, LCs hands wrapping round her
delicious ass, oooo how good that must feel. Slowly she was being fucked
by the phallous as the grunts became deeper and more guttural
"nnnggnnn!" they came in faster and faster succession, closer and closer
she was getting to orgasm.

LC herself had changed her wicked composed
grin to one of coming climax as the base of the strap-on ground into her
clitoris relentlessly. Soon they were pumping one another until LC stood
up and pushed her over to the table still bucking into her where her partner lay back pushing her bound arms to one side and sending a glass
crashing to the floor. He saw the glass fall in slow motion as his mind
was now pre-occupied by the plug and vibrator slowly fucking him, and
the sight of LC now reaming into her partner whose legs had wrapped
themselves around LCs ass, long thin stilletos pointing erotically at
him.

Harder and harder LC fucked her until even the table was moving
from her thrusts. Both of them were arched backwards, one gasping
through the gag and LC screaming in pleasure as they drove one another
over the edge to orgasm which racked their bodies making LC fuck her all
the more. On they drove, LC now grinding her hips relently against her
and squeezing and pulling her nipples only to move to doing her own, thrashing her head about until one final orgasm rips through her partner
sending her legs up and wide shaking with spasms as wave after wave of
pleasure flows through them. LC just grunts with raw feminine desire as
she has her way with her partner.

He is so close, nearly, slowly his ass
is beginning to burn now he can feel the plug beginning to fuck back at
him as he ground his hips. The one on his cock now takes the lead with
the two of them reaming his brains out, slowly he feels the longest
orgasm he has felt making him shudder uncontrollably and grunt against
the gag. The two very wet horny latex clad bodies in front of him
hearing him, laugh between panting uncontrollably and unwind their
intertwined sensual limbs.

LC quickly unbinds her partner, squeezing and massaging her firm upper
arms and chest, before flopping to the floor herself, panting. Walking
over to him, LCs partner squeezes his elbows behind him kissing his
cheek deeply making his chest ache mingle with his orgasm still causing
his cock to bob as it spurts several large loads of cum. Denying a guy
an orgasm is one sure way to fill his sheath to overflowing!

As he
shudders as a short male orgasm leaves him, she plays with the plug in
his ass to keep the burning sensation alive grinning wickedly into his
eyes. LC meanwhile is still sat on the floor, leaning back on her hands,
knees bent and stilletos scrapping exhausted against the floor slippery
from the sweat dripped from their well fucked bodies! Eyes remain closed
as she sits panting, with tight little sport-bra-look chest heaving.

LCs
partner less tired pulls him towards the table and pushes him over it.
"MMMppFF!" he grunts through the gag, as LC crawls on all fours along
the floor only to roll on her bag and grin deviously up at him. Her
partners finger meanwhile sucks longingly on some drool they have made
him spill from his gag, oh how his mouth felt so full of gag! With his
arms bound so tight and waist corsetted he can only squirm and grunt
hopelessly against his bonds. When he has finished panting LC walks
round and takes a greedy long drink of the iced water, not quite melted
by the goings on in the room although they definately tried. Reaching
behind him her partner pulled the plug out of him rather firmly making
him arch and grunt loudly as his full ass reacted to it's release with
undeniable pleasure. His pleasure was short lived as LC was quickly
binding his ankles to the table and playing with his soft, clean if now
rather damp hair. Behind him her partner was lubing her newly replaced
strap-on until it was well greased-up, before placing it at the entrance
to his ass.

LC unbuckled the straps to the gag under his chin making him gasp at the
easily gulped air, if it were not for the corset she trussed him into
earlier. With the straps removed the soft leather ball was plopped from
his mouth, and her partners push against his ass hole rather more
urgent. As he panted she suddenly pushed more seeing him accommodate
around her phallus making her grin widely as she slowly worked it's
length into him and then slowly withdrew it nearly entire all out before
pushing it back more firmly. The grunt from his lips this time was not
gagged, but his ass was even more full this time.

Laughing LC suddenly
pushed her strap-on and dildo into his mouth, the posture collar
preventing him moving it away. "Gnnn!" came his reply as the two of them
worked into him, LC made him gag at first before saying "SUCK!" as her
partner slowly but surely reamed his ass as his again distant eyes
confirmed. Closing them, LC pulled out of his mouth and then unbuckled
her strap-on to reveal the soft pink folds of her sex beneath the latex
layer of her catsuit. With her partner pulling out of his ass, she
untied his ankles and re-penetrated him to the hilt plus a quick buck
more, she pulled him impaled on her dildo round until he was bent up
the length of the table.

LC meanwhile was sat in front of him, and with
his elbows bound so tight behind him he was just at the right height to
work on her with his tongue. The slower he went the harder LCs partner
fucked him, so he struck a comfortable (if that's the right word) balance. Lashing LC with his tongue, she ground his face into her groin
squeezing him between her firm thighs as her back arched and she again
entered the world of orgasm as they racked her body. Her partner
meanwhile began to work her dildo into him, \*reaming\* his poor ass! With
the burning sensation building again in his ass she turned the vibrator
on his cock onto full, making him buck hard against the table and corset
as it gripped him bouncing waves of muscular orgasmic contractions back
down to his pelvis and thighs which, strained against the stilleto heels
as he came again. LC meanwhile had almost screamed her head off as she
arched backwards thrusting her hot steamy breasts into the air to her
partners obvious delight as she too now bucked uncontrollably against
him, with deep guttural grunts.

Finally she flopped forward over him onto the table, panting hard and
squashing her now very sensitive breasts either side of his arms. The
three lay slumped there for a several minutes until LC got off and her
partner pulled out of his ass, relieving him of that overly full feeling
and untying his arms until they are free and he stretches his chest and
hugs her tightly and long. His thighs squirmed inside the wet slicked
latex, feeling still horny against their erotic tight grip. Panting into
the corset he move down to kiss her nipples, breasts and bare naked
waist.

Leaning back against the table she enjoyed his tonguing and
kissing of her waist moving up again to feed his fingers through her
hair, teasing it away from her head as they looked longing into one
another eyes. Panting but giggling at one anothers latex covered chest
still heaving.

"That was wonderful!" he replied, "but my poor ass!".

Her
reply was her now delicious wicked laugh. LC lay panting similarly on
the table, her latex clad mounds rising and falling rapidly as her limbs
flopped around. The high stilletos set her calves off fantastically.

"Shhh, let's get LC - she still needs a damn good seeing to!" she
murmured quietly to him, keeping her head down as she firmly rubbed his
waist. Still panting he managed a breathless "ok!" before he suddenly
ran and half fell in the heels to grab LCs wrists.

Flashing her partner
a frown he looked down at his heels "Sorry! we couldn't have you left
out - or short!".

With LC stood now feigning squirms and doing her best
to rub her sweet ass against his groin her partner stuffed a large red
ball gag into her mouth despite her protests and buckled it tightly
behind her teeth. "That should keep your protests QUIET!" she grinned as
she cinched it firm.

"MMMmmmm gnngnn-mmff!" came the unintelligible
reply. Squeezing her nipples firmly until she arched and twisted for
release, she helped push her to the floor. With her partner kneeling
astride her head holding her shoulders down, he worked her arms into a
very fetching black leather armbinder. Slowly but surely the laces were
worked up to well above her elbows as it cinched her tighter and
tighter, her moans were becoming more erotic as it became more and more
snug, having a visibly erotic effect on them both as they kissed over
her deeply and mischievously!

With her arms tightly in the armbinder,
the buckles at her wrist, elbows and shoulders were pulled tight and
secured. "Now... what shall we do?" I asked with her stood squirming
sensuously against their armbinding with big red rubber ball forcing her
mouth wide against her lips.

Playing with her still slicked strap-on as she ground her hips futilely
to get her arms free he unbuckled it. Her partner had an extremely tight
corset waiting which she slipped around her waist, and proceeded to work
the laces tight with him holding her arms just enough out of the way.
Struggling to close it LC was looking very aroused, but this was only
the beginning. Greasing up a large vibrating butt-plug and very large
dildo they worked both into her simultaneously, teasing them into her
until they were finally pushed home. The butt-plug help itself quite
nicely between her flushed firm cheeks, receiving a teasing tap from his
hand. The vibrating dildo had a secret, at it's base was a valve which
he used a pump to inflate it to it's maximum size. Psst-psst-psst it
went sending LCs eyes wide as she accommodated to the enlarging
penetrative invader.

Finally it was fully inflated and LC had spread her legs in a vain
attempt to accommodate it's length and thick size deep within her. A red
hobble skirt was soon to follow the corset and it took both of them to
roll it up her body, stretching from her ankles to the top of her corset
and over her firm tight heaving breasts squeezing them tightly against
her body. She could barely manage to spread her legs with all her
effort.

Sitting her upright he slipped the leather knee binder around
above her knees, buckling firmly each of the five buckles until her
thighs were secured tightly her figure swelling out above them and above
her corsetted waist. Her heels were bound tightly to her feet and a 6"
wide bondage belt with rear cuffs was wrapped around her waist and arms
cinching them tight. The armbinder and knee binder alone prevented her
standing up, the corset made bending a deeply erotic experience!

Her
mouth was full of big-red ball-gag, her arms bound tightly in the
leather armbinder, her waist constricted making her moan by the corset
fully closed, her breasts squeezed back down by the hobble skirt, as
well as squeezing her thighs and calves. The knee binder made it hard to
squirm her thighs enough to move the plugs in her. Her ass was full of
plug, her pussy felt \*very\* full with the inflated vibrator deep inside
her.

"Shall we do it?" her partner grinned at him as they stood over
her, watching her squirm so hornily below them.

"Why not!" he said as he
flicked the remote on both the plug and vibrator buried deep within her.
The "\*MMMPPFFF!!\*" was loud if totally indistinguisable as she suddenly
began to squirm all the more on the floor.

Wriggling only moved the plugs within her, but he quickly turned the
speed down so she would be subjected to a deliciously long and very slow
screw. Her eyes soon became distant, if freed she'd have them both
trussed up so tight and more, but for now it was her turn to have her
brains fucked out by the plugs deep within her. As she lay squirming on
the floor, her partner and he moved over to the sofa where loosening his
corset a little her stilletos were soon to be found wrapped round his
ass as he penetrated her deeply and fully just in sight of CL and
definately in earshot.

After their first climax they moved over to CL to
turn the ass plug a little higher, her cheeks flushed redder than even
the red ball penetrating deep between her lips. Returning to the sofa
she pulled him to the floor and with CL watching rode his cock hard and
deep into her hole until she was slick with sweat. After she collapsed
on him again, she slid up to clamp his head between her thighs... was
definately turning out to be a good evening and it was still only young.
CL meanwhile didn't care whether it was evening or not...
