---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: In the Dark
authors:
- Rath
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- scarf
- rope
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2008-02-26 00:00:00
---

Sally walked into her bedroom wondering what as in store. She remembered that she had told Jim she was looking to spice up their sex life a few weeks ago but had no idea what he had come up with. Sally and Jim had been dating for a little over a year now. They both enjoyed sex and both got off... most of the time. Nevertheless, something seemed to be missing. However, what?

She had broached the subject to Jim who seemed bewildered by the problem but none too surprised she had brought it up. Apparently, his experience did not differ in many ways from her own.

Over the next few weeks Jim had wracked his brain trying to think of something "exciting" and "new." They'd already tried every position he could think of. Despite the fact that they were a fairly athletic and adventurous couple there were of course a few positions they had yet to try. It seemed to Jim though, that while a sprained pelvis might buy him some more time to think it probably wouldn’t do much to kick up anybody's libido. So what to do? Finally one day whilst surfing the internet filling his "spank bank" Jim came across an interesting image...

The woman was laying there on a bed blindfolded and trussed like a thanksgiving turkey. Her legs were crossed Indian style and tied together at the calves, with a little rope tied around her big toes and fastened just below the respective knees. The rope that held her calves together had another rope attached to it which ran around her back and neck, compressing her body into a helpless position. The bound girl was folded so neatly it looked as though she could have licked her own knee were it not for the big shiny red ball that as buckled into her mouth by a jet black strap that ran around her face.

From this angle the damsel's hands weren’t even visible but other images revealed that they had been folded up behind her like an awkward yoga position or a Buddhist prayer in reverse, causing little points of her slender arms to jut out at odd angles from behind her back. The cherry on top was the black blindfold that obscured her vision, making her completely unaware of the next devious thing that might befall her.

“This might be it!” he thought as he browsed further through the page. This woman was so confined, so restricted. She couldn't struggle or scream, the poor thing couldn’t even see it coming. The bound figure on in that page was so vulnerable and so deliciously helpless; Jim felt a little twinge in the trousers just thinking about it. A few more days of browsing and two trips to the hardware store later...

There was Jim standing in front of her, a black scarf he had stolen from her wardrobe in his hand. "This will solve all our sex problems!" He'd exclaimed enthusiastically as she entered the room. Sally eyed him suspiciously, wondering if the stress of pleasing her lust for variety had broken the poor man.

"You asked me to drop by early for this? How did you even get that, and furthermore why are you grinning like a fool?"

He just offered the scarf to her again as though it was some rare aphrodisiac or a secret key to the female orgasm.

Sally sighed musing to herself, "He may be broken in bed but at least if he gets his rocks off accessorizing me it can’t be all bad."

Jim, on the other hand, sure that his quixotically method had knocked Sally's ability to process logic far off balance seized his opportunity. He rushed at her, grabbing her by the hips and pushing her toward the nearest wall as his lips locked against hers' exchanging a savage kiss. Hitting the wall knocked Sally off balance but when Jim's full forced slammed into her in turn it not only held her in place on the wall but knocked the breath out of her as well. Before she could catch her breath however, Jim's lips found hers for the second time. This time there wasn’t just a salvo of kissing but a full blow invasion. His mouth enveloped hers, forcing her lips to rise and fall, his tongue flicking almost violently in and out of her mouth, and quick sharp nips at her lips from his teeth. She could have sworn she even heard a growl mixed in there somewhere.

Jim wasted no time in grabbing his disoriented lady’s wrists and forcing them up next to her head, pinning them hard against the wall. Sally squirmed a little, trying to shift her body away from the pressure pushing her into the wall and tugging on the vise-like grip that pinned her hands into what she realized was a rather vulnerable position. She gasped a little as he renewed his efforts to assault her mouth and realized something... she was already growing wet. "What is going on here?" She thought, "It usually takes a good deal of foreplay to get me this wound up and he's only been wrestling me for a few minutes. Furthermore," She wondered, "What the bloody hell does this have to do with a scarf?"

Jim now pushed Sally's hands further up the wall and crossed her wrists over each other, posting them with one hand. The couple was both fairly athletic but Jim had always been strong where his girlfriend was lithe and he made good on the advantage now. His opposing hand now free, Jim reached behind and withdrew one of his recent acquisitions from his rear pocket: a length of rope. This rope in particular had already had a noose tied in one end of it (a trick Jim had picked up on one of the more helpful websites.) This noose slipped over the one struggling hand and then with quite a bit of difficulty due to the writhing of Sally, who was of course now as confused as she was aroused, slip over the other hand. Jim quickly pulled the noose tight, trapping both wrists together with hands facing in opposite directions. He then wrapped the free end several times around both wrists before tying it off through the first loop. This done he ceased his barrage and stepped back. The tie was quite sloppy compared to the beautiful rope work Jim had tried to copy but he still only needed to keep one hand on her elbow for effect.

"We can stop now if this is too much for you."

Sally thought about it for a moment. After all bondage was something for gay guys in their forties who rode motorcycles and wore leather berets. Then again there was an undeniable urge growing in her loins that she simply could not ignore. She realized then that she wanted him to continue, that she wanted to be slammed into things, bitten and bound up. She wondered for a moment if she would need to trade that scarf in for a leather beret of her own. "No keep going.. This is actually really... hot."

Jim smiled; glad his research had paid off. He grabbed her by the chin, forcing her head back against the wall and leaned in just close enough to kiss her but didnt make contact. He held his face right here and stared into her eyes as his hand traced down her body. His fingers first grazed over the top of her bra where he stood no chance of missing a pair of proud and erect nipples. The exploring hand traced lower, sliding down her stomach and elicting a sharp gasp as it slid under the front of her pants.

"Just as I thought!" he exclaimed, "You're all wet for this stuff. Well that settles it, you're getting the full treatment."

The thought of the full treatment excited Sally as much as it worried her. Jim did come up short on rent now and then; maybe he'd arrange for a group of Saudi slavers to come by tomorrow...

Her pants were now around her ankles and the soaking wet pair of panties followed none too far behind before Jim unlocked his hand from Sally's chin. He began kissing her again, gentler but still with the violent probing of tongue and teeth. His hand slid back to her wrists, having no trouble controlling them in their bound position. His other hand slid down her front once again and began to rub against her wet slit. First one then two fingers probed between the soft lips and slid through the warm, slippery center. Sally's head rocked back and her breath came short as his adept fingers lit upon her clit. With honed practice he traced around the sensitive nub in circles, teasing and tantalizing before moving directly onto the tiny bundle of nerves, rapidly stimulating Sally's most sensitive point with the purpose of an orchestra conductor and the finesse of a watchmaker.

This process continued on, exchanging teasing for stimulation and back again, pushing toward Sally's limit of frustration and limit of ecstasy in equal steps. Her breaths grew shorter and her body tightened as Sally's body neared that glorious peak and then... He stopped! "That bastard!" Thought Sally as her mind came crashing back to her desperate body and rubbery knees. She wobbled a little as Jim reached behind her and grabbed the rope he'd dropped from her wrists and produced the belt he had somehow managed to palm from her pants earlier. The rope was pulled up the front of her body and the end placed in Sally's mouth where she was told to hold it. He then wrapped the belt around her bare waist and buckled it on tightly, only a few fingers able to slip between it and her.

"I don't know which drove me more insane his fingers or this damned rope," Thought Sally as she stumbled forward again.

The rope she referred to of course was the one which split her poor tormented sex in two. Jim had positioned it there after tightening the belt and was now leading her around the room by this "leash" All this wouldn’t be so bad except the poor girl's pants were still around her ankles meaning that every time she started up again she would stumble and every time she stumbled the rope would pull tight and every time the rope pulled tight it slid a little in her sensitive slit, and every time the rope slid it pressed hard into her highly aroused clit, and every time all that happened it also pulled her straining arms further behind her back. It was quite a mess she was in and she knew it.

Finally the circuitous route Jim had taken across the room ended at the bed and Jim sat her down on it before pushing her shirt up over her head and down to where it was trapped at her bound wrists. He did the same with her bra, leaving her essentially completely nude. He then producing another, shorter length of rope from his back pocket. Kneeling down, he grabbed her ankles and crossed them, forcing her knees out at right angles and her legs wide apart. He tied an "x" over this, wrapping first in one direction then back in the next, adding a cinch at the end. Finally he lifted her legs up onto the bed and grabbing the free end of her "leash" pulled it down to the ankle bindings and fastened it there, essentially tying her wrists to her ankles with a brief but poignant stop at Sally's sensitive core along the way. He surveyed his handiwork for a moment then reached up and grabbed a generous handful of breast, squeezing with a deliberate grip. She recoiled a little but sighed at the same time, relaxing into his hand.

Jim stood before his now bound girlfriend once again with a silly grin on his face, holding the same black scarf in his hand, and once again eliciting the most dumbfounded and irked expression from Sally. She only understood all too well as it wrapped around her head, covering her eyes and completely isolating her from the outside world. With her sight removed it all seemed so different. Suddenly she could feel the cool air of the room run over her hot body. She perceived every bit of her naked and bound skin that was visible to a world she couldn’t see. Sally could almost sense her helplessness like a taste or a smell.

Then it hit her. He had snuck up silently as she tried to make peace with the loss of her sight and now Jim unleashed a barrage of pinches and bites on the helpless body. The two had never really been rough as lovers but neither had seemed to mind a smack on the ass or the occasional "love injury" that cropped up during moments of passion. This was something a little different. This onslaught was savage, it was harsh and yet somehow Sally could at the same time sense the measure and care in Jim's every move. Behind every stinging slap of her breast there was the implication of the gentle caress, and behind every sharp bite on her leg or stomach there was the essence of a passionate kiss. It was as though Jim was wrapping her with an embrace of stinging blows and it all drove her mad with desire.

In fact the only thing that excited her more was the relentless intrusion of the rope. Somewhere in this attack on her Jim had managed to slide her 7 inch vibrator into Sally's dripping womanhood. It now mitigated the pressure on what would otherwise have rubbed her clitoris raw but had its own devious ends. As each blow landed on Sally, she struggled, pulling on the rope connecting her wrists to ankles. This pulled the crotch rope taught and forced the vibrating intruder to delve deeper into her. With each pinch, bite, or slap the helpless girl was literally fucking herself with her own vibrator. Although relieved by the phallus, the pressure the rope exerted on Sally's clit was still formidable and to make matters worse the dildo humming away inside of her aroused the poor girl more and more which served in turn to make her whole body all the more and more sensitive and the whole cycle spilled over as the increased sensitivity caused Sally to fight her bonds even more.

It didn’t occur to her sensory overloaded mind that Jim hadn’t touched her in several minutes. In fact Sally probably would not even have noticed if he sat down on her chest right then and there. She gyrated and writhed in her bonds, pulling at the ropes desperately and clawing through the building waves of excitement spilling from her center. With every pull on the rope she seemed to be dragging some great burning beast out of her core and as she bucked and tugged wildly at the bonds the waves of excitement seemed to fall closer together until they crashed over her. Sally's head fell back and her hips arched up into the air as her whole body tensed and twitched for a moment, every single nerve in her womanly being exploding as an earth shattering orgasm gripped her body and spilled out of her wave by wave. Lost out of the time and space around her, Sally shook and shuddered through each blissful peak before finally settling back to an exhausted, spent heap after what seemed like hours euphoria.

She lie there rubbing the indents the ropes had left on her wrists and ankles, occasionally brushing a hand over the pouting lips of her womanhood as she looked at Jim who sat there on the bed beside her, rubbing lovingly at her scarf draped shoulders. She looked up at him inquisitively for a few moments before imploring, "So what do you have planned for my wardrobe next week?"
