---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/the_inexorable_leash.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Inexorable Leash
authors:
- Frosted Moonwright
tags:
- Solo-F
- F/mf
- bond
- collar
- leash
- chain
- toys
- oral
- hood
- X-frame
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2025-04-19 00:00:00
---

When Kira opened her eyes, she was a bit fuzzy on exactly where she was or how she’d gotten here. She briefly surveyed her surroundings, trying to divine any clues about her current circumstances. It was a somewhat generic-looking room, but had some angled ceilings in the corners. *An attic, maybe?* she wondered. She was on a surprisingly comfortable mattress with some tasteful sheets. The room was warm and well-lit, and she spotted some other portable light fixtures against a far wall. *A private studio or playroom, perhaps?*

She noticed a full-height mirror on a wall, and reviewed her own appearance too. Her dyed-blonde hair was tied up in some pigtails. She had dark red eyeshadow, black eyeliner, and a bold red lip color that stood out strongly from her pale skin. *Not exactly my typical look, but I don’t mind it,* she thought, but became a bit more concerned as her attention moved downwards. She had a thick black collar on, and a matching black top and high-waisted panties set, each of which looked and felt about a size too small. Her collar had a long chain stretching towards a nearby wall, and the rest of the outfit had more decorative-looking chains of a similar style. *My tits look like they’re about to pop out of this top!* *What is this even made of? It looks like patent leather, but doesn’t feel like anything I’ve ever worn before.*

As she moved around on the bed, assessing her situation, she inadvertently pulled lightly on the long chain connecting her collar to a hole in the nearby wall. This resulted in a rather ominous **CLICK** of some mechanism engaging behind the scenery. She watched, over the course of a few seconds, a single link of the chain disappear into the void. *Very slow progress,* she thought, *but what happens when there’s no more left to pull? Am I just squashed against the wall and strangled?* Her instinct to resist the chain’s action seemed to work, but at the same time, she felt some unexpected pressure on her arms. Upon very close inspection, she discerned that there were some very translucent bands wrapped around her arms at multiple points. Each of these had small wires, made of the same nearly-invisible material, that seemed to be connected to her collar. They all had enough slack in them that she hadn’t noticed at all, but now that she was pulling against the main chain, it seemed that the slack was slowly being taken out. Experimentally, she relaxed her pull on the chain, and tried to stretch out one arm, but found that it no longer extended beyond the limits imposed by the wire’s length.

*A clever trap,* she mused, *Do I give up my position or my arms first? Do I have enough strength to overpower the system?* As she pondered her options, more links of the chain disappeared into the gap. *Even if I could cut these clear wires, I’d need tools of some kind to break this chain. And for all I know, the door’s locked and there’s a moat with alligators on the other side!* Her childhood penchant for James Bond movies took over as she planned for her inevitable escape. Sliding to her knees facing the aperture, she experimentally braced her arms against it for optimal force. As the length of the chain shortened further, she felt the tension on her arms increase, but stabilized as they were, there was nowhere for them to move. In an entirely unexpected moment, she felt some insidious force pull strongly on her **ankles** instead, terminating with a loud **CLICK**! *I didn’t even think to check my legs for more wires!* she thought despairingly. *Of course they’d have something there too. It’s probably been shrinking this whole time and I hadn’t even noticed!* She shifted her balance back and forth, and quickly determined that both ankles were securely pinned to her thighs. She wouldn’t be running or even walking anywhere anytime soon. But since her legs were not tied to each other, she could still keep her balance fairly easily with a kind of shuffling slide of one leg at a time. Shortly after she had established that her legs were ensnared, a pair of small vibrators started up over her nipples. “Hey! That’s not fair!” she exclaimed out loud. She had so far been able to ignore her predilection for bondage in light of the situation, but the addition of this teasing of her extremely sensitive nipples was enough to arouse her inner fire.

She tried to focus on continuing to resist the pull of the chain, but whatever mechanism powered it was very insistent. And her little vibrator friends were making it hard to concentrate as well. Her eyes were closed now, and she knew her mouth was open in a lustful moue, but she couldn’t **not** make that face when she was being teased so competently! As she distractedly reached a hand in between her legs to step up the ante, she realized her mistake too late. Her other hand slipped on the wall, her balance shifted precariously, and the hand that was **supposed** to help satiate her burning desire instead somehow ended up behind her back. As she struggled against its restraining force, she could tell there was still some slack in the system, but she probably couldn’t move her hand very much from its current position near her waistband. *On the plus side, it doesn’t feel like it’s getting any* _**tighter***_, either,* she thought. *My legs feel a lot more tightly tied together than this hand does.* _**Yet***_,* she reflected ominously.

Her remaining arm was still struggling mightily against the pull of the chain. *At what point do I give this up? I obviously can’t fight this forever.* She leaned somewhat forcefully away from the wall, giving her arm a chance to rest, while she decided on the best course of action. But just when she was preparing to brace it against the wall again, her knee slipped slightly on the bed, and her resulting movement yanked some of the slack out, and she could no longer lift her arm much past her stomach. Her primary resistance option was now much less effective, so she had no choice but to continue pushing against the chain with her bodyweight. *This is working,* she thought, *but not all that reliable in countering this tricky system.* Despite her best efforts of holding on to her stomach, her elbow was being gradually pulled towards her spine as well. The further this progressed, the harder it was to hold on with her hand, and its eventual slip set it on its own inevitable course towards her back. She sighed somewhat angrily at having her hastily-constructed plans foiled in only a few minutes. *I’d be a terrible spy. Can’t even escape one little deathtrap.* While she continued to pull against the chain, her arms were gradually pulled towards her spine, at both elbow and wrist. Whichever part she focused on fighting just made the others retract even more irresistibly. This gradual tightening of her arms also pulled her shoulders backwards, which made her already-large breasts appear even larger, and also pressed them even more firmly against their vibrating tormentors. Her eyes involuntarily closed again under the assault, and she twitched when she felt her hands touch each other behind her back. *Well that’s probably not good,* she thought, *I wish they’d either turn these damn nipple vibes up or off entirely, though. They’re damn distracting.* She pulled against the chain, almost more symbolically than actually expecting any effect at this point, and was surprised when her wrists made another **CLICK** and became immovably joined to either other. Simultaneously, her vibrators significantly increased their intensity. *Be careful what I wish for,* she half-chastised herself, *but it feels so good…*

Since her eyes had been closed due to the vibrators’ onslaught, she was wholly unprepared for when her nose touched the wall in front of her. She instinctively flinched back strongly without considering the repercussions, and the resulting **yank** on the chain immediately pulled all the slack out from between her elbows. They were relentlessly forced together until they were touching behind her back, and she loudly moaned in response, for elbow bondage was a love of hers. The feeling of utter immobility in her arms doubled the sensation in her nipples, and she knew her inner bonfire was roaring. At the same time, a third **CLICK** was heard, signaling her utter helplessness as both her arms and her legs were no longer useful for anything. An accompanying vibrator in her panties starting up was certainly appreciated, if not entirely unexpected at this point. *Somebody knows just how to push my buttons,* she thought, *I wonder if I’ll get to thank them properly?*

As this final locking mechanism engaged, the wall in front of her lifted quickly and silently into a recession in the ceiling. Behind where it had been was even more bondage equipment, but this was already occupied! There was a large wooden X-shaped cross leaning against the wall, and there was a man tied tightly to it. *Just the right kind of build,* she thought. He was leanly muscular but not bulky, and was wearing some kind of heavy rubber hood that had only nostril holes in it. From the shape of his face, it looked like he was also gagged underneath the hood. *Maybe also some kind of headphones or noise-cancelling earplugs?* she thought, *otherwise he’d have heard me at some point.* She also noticed, rather pointedly, that her chain ran directly under his crotch, and it wouldn’t take all that long for the slack to be gone from that either. As her vibrators continued their incessant teasing, she let free a couple of involuntary moans. His head turned, as if seeking the source of the sound, and his cock had visibly twitched at the feminine voice. She drank in the sight of his in-shape body, all nicely tied up for her viewing pleasure, and suddenly it didn’t feel like she was the victim any longer. She was mistress of her castle, offering only the best minions the chance to serve her! And then was promptly reminded that she was even more thoroughly tied up than he was as the chain forced her to move forward again, and her teasing vibrators made her moan even more loudly than before. With each noise she made, especially those sexual in tone, his growing erection twitched and lengthened. In short order, it was at full extension, reaching out like a divining rod towards her dripping pussy.

She continued to try half-desperately to get back into her fantasy. *The captain of the guard, a prime specimen!* she imagined, *An eager tool ready to serve me just how I desire. But I need to remind him who is in control of the situation, of course.* She decided to tease him a little bit, in the same vein as she had been teased. Reaching out a tentative tongue, she lightly licked his eager erection. *Just the tip, Kira,* she firmly reminded herself, *No need to get lost in this.* And she busied herself in touching all over his twitching cock, just to see which areas provoked the most reaction. She realized, suddenly, that she was having a far better time than anticipated when she became aware that she had been drooling profusely during this teasing. *Well, it’s not the only thing that’s absolutely dripping,* she grinned to herself. *Maybe just a little taste of the head…* As she enveloped the tip of his now very enthusiastic erection with her luscious mouth, she closed her eyes and enjoyed the vibrations that were playing a symphony over her body.

Opening her eyes in order to reset to a different target point as she would with a typical lover, she was inescapably reminded of her initial predicament, as the chain had apparently withdrawn far enough that she was no longer able to remove her mouth from his cock. *Uh oh,* she thought, *Now why didn’t I see that coming?* With both heels tied tightly to her thighs, and her arms fully bound at both wrist and elbow behind her, now she was tethered tightly via her mouth to this man’s cock? And the chain pulling system continued to exert its irresistible force, slowly sliding her lips over his quivering member. Despite all her fears, this was turning her on far more than she had expected. *Those damn vibrators aren’t helping…* Her mouth slid deeper over his cock, pressing up against her throat. *Good thing I did all that deepthroat practice*, she thought as she allowed her throat to relax and accept the delectable intruder. He moaned out loud as this happened, as if it were an entirely new sensation for him. Hearing this sent shivers down her spine, and she suspected her own arousal was about to boil over. As her inexorable leash pulled her all the way to the base of his erection, with her collar tight around her neck, her nose pushed into his skin, and her mouth completely filled by the thickest cock she had ever had this deep, she succumbed to her vibrators into a torrent of an orgasm. Her restraints kept her from moving much at all, and this thrilling restriction enhanced the experience for her. She was riding full-body waves and shivering nearly uncontrollably and trying to cry out in pleasure. This also caused her throat to tighten enough to push her anonymous partner over the edge as well, having a wild orgasm of his own and blasting load after load directly into her stomach. They both writhed and twitched until ultimately satisfied.

As the two of them rested in their bonds, both hanging somewhat limply from the mechanisms that held them up, a door opened in the side of the room. A normally-dressed woman entered the room, and walked over to the two captives. She quickly interfaced with a control unit on the far wall, which caused the man’s bonds to disengage from the frame. He quickly caught Kira as he slid out of her mouth, to keep her from falling over. After more manipulation of the control unit, Kira’s bonds also slackened rapidly, allowing her to shakingly stand up with her erstwhile partner’s support. They slipped the near-invisible cuffs off her limbs, and she stretched hugely before falling backwards onto the bed. “Yelena, Simon, if you two are not in this bed and cuddling in five seconds, you are so going to regret it when it’s my turn to control the scenario.” Laughing, they both joined her and spent the next hour in a happy tangle of limbs, planning for their next adventure.
