---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Dungeons and Dragons
authors:
- thepinkbishop
tags:
- F+/f
- mast
- naked
- bond
- rope
- sex
- chair
- X-frame
- cuffs
- gag
- clamps
- toys
- whip
- hood
- corset
- armbinder
- collar
- hobble
- oral
- latex
- cons
- reluct
- XX
date: 2025-08-31 00:00:00
---

### Part 9

#### Chapter 41: In My Lady’s Chamber

---

Ellie followed Cordelia up the stairs as if her body was not her own, as if someone was controlling her movements and she wondered again if it might feel like this to be the target of her own Seduction. At the top of the stairs was a long hallway with wooden panelling and a deep red carpet that was worn thin in places; between the doors that lead to the upper rooms were various items on display, many in glass cases; some, she thought, looked magical: amulets and torcs; others mundane: a stuffed animal, a vase; some sections of wall were lined with portraits, all pale individuals with red lips and dark hair and gold eyes that seemed to follow her as if regarding her with suspicion, as if picking her out as an intruder.

With her senses dulled, Ellie experienced an uneasiness she had not felt since the dungeon crawl on their first day; uncertainty and isolation washed over her and she tightened her grip on Cordelia’s hand as if for reassurance but felt only a coldness that seemed to spread from her fingers.

‘Here we are.’ Cordelia stopped outside one of the doors and, much to Ellie’s relief, released her hand before opening it.

The room beyond was a bedroom in the same style as the rest of the house that she had seen: dark panelled walls and a thick red carpet. The paintings in this room depicted scenes from classical mythology, Bacchus cavorting with nymphs, centaurs… Unlike the rest of the house, this room was warm, almost uncomfortably so and a huge log fire burned in the hearth. The bed was a four-poster with red velvet drapes and a red velvet coverlet; there was a chair and a low table and a large copper bathtub.

A mirror in an ornately decorated baroque frame hung over the fireplace.

‘I was about to take a bath.’ Cordelia said with a smile. ‘But I think you sshould usse it. The water iss hot and fressh.’

Ellie was sure the tub had been empty when she had entered the room but now, as she walked towards it, she saw it was full, the water steaming, its surface scattered with rose petals.

Despite the heat of the room, Ellie shivered and, almost by instinct, dipped her hand into the water to find it enticingly warm.

‘Thank you.’ Ellie was about to undress when she realised she was naked.

‘Go right ahead.’ Cordelia smiled.

Ellie couldn’t remember the last time she had wanted to take a bath.

---

The water was deliciously warm as she dropped into the tub, leaning back and closing her eyes only to open them suddenly and find Cordelia leaning over her, with her strange beguiling golden eyes watching Ellie intently.

‘I’ll leave you to ssoak. Then, when I come back we will have to prepare you for dinner.’

A shard of awareness caught Ellie and she stilled for a moment but then the heat of the water and scent of the rose petals overcame her, relaxing her and she lay back against the back of the tub.

That part of her that told her she should be on her guard surfaced again along with a vague memory that she was here to find something although, now she thought about it, she wasn’t quite sure what is was or how she was going to find it; besides, it wouldn’t hurt to lie here for a while, relaxing after all that had happened to her since arriving in Fantasia X.

Her lips curled into a smile as she wondered whether her mother had guessed it was her who’d changed the booking from Fantasia 18 to Fantasia X and instigated the subtle changes in costume. She knew what her mother and Val got up to so why not let them enjoy a truly adult world. She had also been curious and, traumatic as some of it had been, it had proved rather fun, even her night in the pillory.

Especially the night in the pillory.

---

She realised that her right hand was between her legs, that familiar tingling that seemed an almost constant sensation in her loins since she became Honey tugged at her awareness; as character traits went, being constantly horny with an almost insatiable desire to masturbate was quite an enjoyable one…and here she was, all alone, no Maiko, no Val or Amanda, just her, alone, able to relax…to enjoy herself fully.

And not even tied up.

She ran a finger over her sex, enjoying the immediate thrill it brought, feeling her body respond, pleasure filling her. It wouldn’t take long… She stroked herself again, the warmth inside her rising to match the heat of the water.

This world, this body left her no option but to yield to the sensations she experienced, and this body, Honey’s body, was so responsive…her nipples particularly, she barely had to touch them or feel a breeze on them for them to harden and they were so big, two giant erogenous zones, beacons of desire that she couldn’t ignore. She looked down at the body she inhabited, her huge breasts, buoyant in the water, nipples now large and hard and so sensitive that she could feel the currents of warm water around them where her fingers worked between her legs.

With her right hand still playing gently with her sex, she used her left to squeeze each of her nipples in turn, gasping at the sensation. What she really needed now was for Cordelia to come back and play with them, she was sure the strangely alluring girl would be up for it, she’d seen the look the leather clad brunette had given her…

Ellie’s left hand joined her right between her thighs, the fingers of her left hand spreading her labia as the fingers of her right hand probed deeper.

All that leather…and the whip… Cordelia was gagging for it… Honey had known this the moment they’d laid eyes on each other and, by extension, Ellie had known it and, quite frankly, now there was little difference between them as Ellie learned Honey’s skills.

And, of course, from the moment that Cordelia had stripped her naked and taken her hand and led her up to the bedroom it had been clear how dominant she was.

Pretty much all the sex Ellie had enjoyed so far in Fantasia X was in the submissive role…Goldie had said it was part of the coding for women although that didn’t fully explain her excitement at the thought of Cordelia’s dominance…perhaps that was her mother’s influence… Perhaps, if she was lucky, Cordelia would tie her to that big four poster bed and play with her helpless body, her fingers caressing…lips kissing…tongue licking…

---

To Amanda, it was obvious why the place was called VanillaVille as they approached it. After the excitement and variety of HomeTown, everything here seemed drab. Perhaps, she thought, it was the overcast sky and the persistent rain but it soon became clear that it wasn’t. Everybody seemed to be dressed identically, brown and grey sackcloth, long dresses for the women that trailed in the dark mud of the main street and shapeless smocks and breeches for the men. They wore hoods too, pulled up so their faces were hidden. It was clearly a farming village; they had walked between fields of crops and seen labourers dressed like those in the town itself toiling in the fields. Now, towards the end of the afternoon, increasing numbers were returning home carrying pitchforks, rakes and hoes over their shoulders. The only attractive thing she could say about the people was that, as far as she could see, the men were all broad-shouldered, presumably from their toil in the fields.

The inhabitants largely ignored the Party as they walked down the main street, stopping outside a rainsoaked wooden building that was slightly larger than the others.

‘We need to go in and report the ‘abduction’ of one of our party,’ BB said.

Amanda looked at her. ‘She was hardly abducted.’

Battle Babe waved her to silence. ‘If we want a mob of angry villagers with pitchforks we can hardly say she lay down at the side of the road and asked for a lift. I assume you want your daughter back.’

‘Of course,’ Amanda said defensively. ‘It's just…I don’t like lying.’

‘You won’t have to,’ BB said. ‘Val and I will go in. You can take a wander around the town.’

‘Nomiki-sama,’ Maiko said. ‘Can I look round town too?’

‘No,’ Bu-Shi-Doll said, ‘we must train.’

‘Yes…’ The little Japanese bowed submissively and followed Bu-Shi-Doll back towards the edge of town.’

‘Catch you later.’ Val said, brushing her lips against Amanda’s and patting her bottom. ‘Try to stay out of trouble.’

Amanda glanced around her. ‘As if…’

‘You never know here,’ Val warned and followed Battle Babe up the steps of the mayor’s house.

---

Amanda wandered down the street, watching the village’s inhabitants going about their business. She considered visiting the shop but it seemed to sell nothing but farming tools and food so she walked past. A little further down the road she came to what seemed to be the only stone building in the village; it appeared to be a temple. A few villagers were coming and going and she followed a couple in.

The interior was dark, lit by torches; it smelled of smoke and…

Cannabis!

Along the wall she could make out a fresco that appeared to depict the Judgement of Paris, the wedding scene progressing to the hero’s impossible choice and then a part she didn’t know where the three goddesses…

‘Greetings Adventuress.’ A woman stepped forward; a woman who looked very different to the villagers. She was blonde and gorgeous with perfectly cut bangs swinging at either side of her exquisitely made up face; mascara, heavy dark eyelashes, bright red lips. She was wearing very little; a tight bra-top glinting and shiny and sheer even in the flickering torchlight that stretched over a cleavage as impressive and firm as Amazonne’s own; her hot-pants were even tighter, stretched deliciously over perfectly rounded cheeks; her boots were knee high and had very high heels.

‘Are you a Seductress?’ Amanda asked, taken aback by the woman’s appearance and her clothes.

‘No, Adventuress.’ The woman laughed, flashing dark eyes. ‘I am a priestess of the temple.’ She inclined her head, her bangs bouncing. ‘Like all my sisters I am here to provide you with spiritual nourishment.’

‘Oh.’ Amanda thought the woman looked more like an erotic dancer.

‘Please disrobe if you wish to enter the inner sanctuary.’

‘Disrobe?’

‘Only we priestesses may enter the sanctuary clothed,’ the woman said, her red lips curling into a smile. ‘May I assume this is your first visit to the temple?’

‘Yes.’

‘Then you are doubly welcome.’ The woman stepped forward and began to unlace Amanda’s dress. ‘Allow me.’

‘Er…’

‘Please try to relax. Clear your mind in preparation,’ the priestess told her, ‘inhale the incense.’

Amanda breathed in. It was a long time since she’d smoked anything but as it slipped into her system, she began to recall the feeling it had once brought on in her early days with Lucian. It was thus almost casually she shed her bow and her swords and allowed the priestess to remove her leather dress.

‘I see you have a penchant for swimming,’ the priestess said with a smile.

Amanda laughed and slid out of her boots, although something inside her made her cling to the knife in the pouch at her neck that Luci had dropped into the sand and left for her.

‘May I keep this?’

‘Of course, Adventuress.’ The priestess’ smile remained as she drew the curtain aside. ‘Please enjoy the delights of the temple and, should you wish it, use the opportunity to expunge your sins in an act of penitence.’

‘Er, thank you.’ Amanda stepped forward and entered the shadows beyond.

---

The sanctuary was lit by dim lights that flickered and the smoke of the ‘incense’ hung thickly in the air. There was music playing although she could not see its source; ahead she thought she could make out more priestesses all apparently dressed similarly to the one she had just met who were presumably performing some sort of ritual on what she assumed must be a raised altar. It was some time since she’d been to a church; she hadn’t been to a nightclub for a while either but she was pretty sure she remembered them being different. Perhaps it was the cannabis but the rites of the priestesses looked like the gyrations of dancers on a stage; one was even swinging round a pillar (or was it a pole?) shaking her long hair and then rubbing her hips against it. The ‘congregation’ (was that what those attending a temple were called?) were sitting around the altar at tables apparently imbibing whatever passed for sacrament in this unusual religion.

‘Welcome, Adventuress.’ Another of the priestesses approached her. This one was clad in what looked suspiciously like a red rubber bikini and stilettos. She carried a tray bearing a drink which seemed to have a cocktail umbrella in the top. ‘Please quench your thirst,’ the woman said, offering her the drink.

‘How did you know I was an Adventuress?’ Amanda asked.

‘It is rare for strangers to enter our sanctuary,’ the woman said, ‘it requires certain…abilities.’ She winked.

‘Oh.’ Amanda took the drink. ‘Thank you.’

The woman turned and Amanda watched her go, enjoying the sway of her bottom barely hidden at all by the tiny triangle of rubber that stretched across it.

She sipped her drink and gave a small gasp at the rawness of the alcohol that assailed her throat. It burnt as it went down. It was a long time since she’d drunk anything like this and a memory of a beach in the Maldives came to mind.

She took another sip and walked closer to the altar, able now to see more clearly some of the faithful. The one ahead of her that she had taken to be a single large figure or perhaps even some sort of creature was, she realised, two people; one, a man with broad shoulders on the chair and, Amanda realised that his hands were bound behind him; the second figure, a woman sat astride his legs and it was clear from the way she moved on him that she was riding his cock; the woman was another priestess, this one in what looked like a translucent satin basque and sheer white stockings. Amanda watched the two kiss, the man writhing in ecstasy as the woman raised and lowered her hips. To one side she saw a woman bent over a table with her legs apart, the woman was naked and her wrists and ankles were bound with rope holding her in place; a priestess stood behind her; this one was a redhead and wore a studded leather collar and bra that was composed only of straps so that her large breasts were framed in triangles of leather; around her loins was a strap-on that she was using to fuck the bound woman. The priestess was holding a rope that was tied around the bound woman’s neck like a leash and the bound woman held a whip between her teeth.

Beside them, another man sat in a chair; like the other man, like all the men she had seen so far in VanillaVille, Amanda realised, he had broad shoulders and she saw, when he turned to look at her, he was strikingly handsome; his hands were bound too and he was naked; a priestess in a lacy black bra and knickers and a suspender belt supporting fishnet stockings knelt between his spread legs with her cock in his mouth. The man’s eyes were partly glazed, presumably a result of the cannabis in the air and he smiled gently at Amanda then turned to look down at the woman fellating him.

‘Do you seek the spiritual release of the temple, Adventuress?’

Amanda turned to see a priestess standing before her. Like all the others, she was utterly gorgeous, exquisitely made up, heavy lashes and bright red lips; she was, Amanda realised, one of the slave avatars; a Jewell, she remembered, dark haired and curvaceous. The priestess curled her lip between her teeth suggestively.

‘Yes,’ Amanda said, ‘I come seeking spiritual release.’

The priestess’ eyebrow lifted in amusement and Amanda blushed, suddenly realising she might have said the wrong thing and the priestess might think her flippant.

‘Come.’ The Jewell reached out and took her hand then turned and led her towards the altar (or was it a stage) that half a dozen priestesses continued to gyrate upon?

The Jewell priestess wore a black leather body harness and knee high toe boots. There was a multi bladed whip like a cat-o’nine-tails hanging from her hip and Amanda felt herself following her with sudden eagerness, depositing her drink on a table as she passed.

At the altar, the Jewell stopped; above them a redheaded priestess in nipple tassels, a sparkling thong and silver thigh boots performed her devotions which seemed to include sticking out her ample bottom and leaning forwards to shake her large breasts and make the nipple tassel swing wildly. As Amanda looked up at her, she felt a surprising urge to dance; it was, she realised a long time since she had danced like that; not that she’d ever done it on a stage, not for money anyway, although she’d definitely done it on tables and done it wearing not much more than the redhead.

That was when the Jewell kissed her, full on the lips, arms embracing her, their bodies touching, breasts pressed together; bellies, sexes and thighs rubbing. Amanda was so startled for a moment she simply stood there then she lifted her arms to hold the other woman.

‘Do not touch the priestesses.’ A voice said.

Amanda felt hands grip her arms. She perhaps should have struggled, should have realised that this could be a trap but it was too late, she was pulled down into a chair and felt her wrists being bound.

---

#### Chapter 42: Caught

---

Ellie started, sitting up, water sloshing over the side of the bath.

‘Ssuch a naughty girl.’

Cordelia stood over her, hands on hips.

‘Er...’ Ellie's hands appeared above the water with a splash.

‘Am I going to have to put you over my knee and sspank you?’

‘Er…no,’ Ellie stammered, cheeks colouring. ‘It’s fine. I was just…’

Cordelia smiled again, eerily. ‘It will be our sssecret…just uss girlss.’

‘Yes…’ Ellie watched the brunette bend, back and legs straight, the shiny black leather tight over the curve of her bottom and then Cordelia stood holding up a large fluffy towel. Ellie looked at it for a moment, her body unwilling to leave the warmth of the water. She’d been right on the edge when Cordelia had startled her but then, perhaps that was for the best. She pushed herself up. Honey’s voluptuous body looked back at her from the mirror, the water running from it in glistening droplets that shone red and gold in the flickering firelight.

‘So deliciouss.’ Cordelia approached with the towel wrapping it around her. ‘It almosst sseems a sshame to cover you up.’

‘Yes.’ Ellie watched Cordelia drape the towel around her in the mirror somehow not surprised that the woman had no reflection.

When she had stepped clear of the tub the strange girl guided her towards the bed.

Vampire…that was what Battle Babe had said…not true vampires but Libido Vampires. Ellie wished she knew more about them…they probably weren’t as dangerous as proper vampires or Battle Babe wouldn’t have allowed her to come here…but surely… It was, she thought, time to take control of the situation.

‘Look…’ Ellie turned in Cordelia’s arms pressing her body against Cordelia’s. ‘Perhaps we could…’ She began to frame the Seduction…

---

Amanda looked up at the Jewell priestess and then at the two other priestesses who had bound her, one was a redhead in what looked like vintage lingerie and the other, a blonde, wore a chainmail bikini that was intricately fashioned and seemed to be fastened to her body by piercings in her nipples and sex; the priestess had facial piercings too.

The Jewell looked back down at her with dark eyes. ‘Much better.’ She seated herself on Amanda’s lap and began to kiss her again. One of the others joined in, standing behind the chair, her hands snaking around Amanda’s body and finding her breasts, fingers seeking out her nipples, teasing and pinching them, her lips starting to caress Amanda’s neck. The other, the one in the vintage lingerie, spun away and mounted the altar again, taking the Jewell’s whip and dancing with it, drawing it across her breasts and between her thighs.

‘You seek chastisement?’ The Jewell stopped kissing her.

‘I…er…’ Amanda stammered leaning forward to resume the kiss but the Jewell leant back and the priestess with the piercings held her firmly.

‘Are your sins so great?’ the woman behind her said; her fingers were squeezing Amanda’s nipples.

‘All the Adventuresses that enter the temple seek the same.’ The redhead on the stage leaned over holding the whip before her.

‘They seek the punishment of Artemis,’ the blonde said.

‘For Artemis was imprisoned in the temple by Aphrodite.’

‘After aiding Athene in her revenge.’

‘If you wish to receive chastisement then you must mount the Frame of Flagellation,’ the Jewell said.

‘Like Artemis,’ the blonde added.

‘Is that what you wish?’ the redhead asked. ‘To be punished like Artemis?’

‘Yes,’ Amanda whispered.

Amanda’s wrists were released but the Jewell and the blonde hold her arms and lead her onto the altar,

The Frame was a diagonal wooden cross with a protruding pole on which was mounted a large phallus. Amanda looked at the phallus, surprised at the size of it.

‘You may mount.’

Even if she’d wanted to resist there would probably have been little she could do as the three priestesses helped Amanda onto the footrests so she straddled mount supporting the phallus facing the cross and then secured her wrists in leather cuffs. Then they guided her on to her toes, lifting her slightly and lowering her down onto the huge phallus.

‘She takes it easily.’

‘It’s the same with all of them,’ the redhead said, ‘always so hot for it.’

Amanda looked round at them, gripping the straps to her wrist cuff firmly.

‘I’m not sure…’

But she was sure, just not willing to admit it.

Two of the priestesses secured her ankles.

‘Artemis was kept like this for a hundred years.’ the redhead said, draping the Jewel’’s whip over Amanda’s breasts. ‘Flagellated daily.’

‘At the mercy of Aphrodite.’

‘Hooded and in darkness,’ the Jewell added, pulling a rough leather hood over Amanda’s head and lacing it up down the back.

‘Please…I’ve changed my mind.’ Amanda pulled at the cuffs holding her wrists.

‘Artemis was committed,’ the Jewell whispered in her ear. ‘Just as you are committed.’

‘But…’ Amanda got no further as a gag was pushed into her mouth.

Clamps were attached to her nipples. Then the footrests fell away and she sank onto the dildo with a cry of surprise.

---

Ellie could feel the strength in Cordelia’s fingers as she rubbed the towel over her body. She wasn’t quite sure how she had ended up with her wrists cuffed above her head; one minute she had been wrapped in the towel, wrapped in Cordelia’s strong embrace trying to seduce her and the next she had been standing with her arms above her head, her wrists locked into leather cuffs separated by a steel bar about two feet long. She might have complained but as she realised her situation, Cordelia’s strong fingers had lifted Ellie’s breasts and squeezed them gently before playing with the nipples. She could feel the woman’s hard body against her back.

‘I will have to sspank you, of coursse…’ Cordelia whispered in her ear. ‘Trying thosse trickss of yours on me.’

‘Of course...’ Ellie found herself repeating. ‘I was being a naughty girl.’

Cordelia squeezed Ellie’s nipples gently and when she looked down, she saw there was another scratch on her breasts, fresh one.

‘Just a little bit more naughtiness…trying to Seduce me,’ Cordelia said, ‘but enough to deserve punishment.’

‘Yes, Mistress,’ Ellie said obediently.

‘But first, let me brush that beautiful hair.’

Cordelia took up a hairbrush from the bed and began to run it through Ellie’s mane of long blonde hair.

‘Yes, Mistress,’ Ellie wasn’t quite sure why she’d started calling Cordelia ‘Mistress’ but somehow it sounded right. She wasn’t quite sure when she’d become quite so submissive, letting herself be bound and becoming excited by the thought of being spanked.

‘Such beautiful hair.’ Cordelia ran the brush through it.

‘Yes, Mistress...’ Ellie responded dreamily.

---

Amanda squirmed as the whip fell writhing helplessly, impaled on the huge phallus, the priestesses taking turns to whip her; the redhead with the Jewell’s bladed whip lashing her back, the Jewell with a short leather tawse that slapped her flesh loudly making her breasts and thighs quiver and the blonde targeting a cane on her buttocks and the soles of her feet. The way they had handled her and bound her to the chair, the way the Jewell had kissed her and then the blonde had played with her nipples had left her hot, panting. Mounting the Frame of Flagellation had initially excited her then frightened her, one of her dark fantasies brought to life and the blows to her body made her cry out into her gag, but the huge phallus inside her stoked the heat in her loins and her inability to escape this torment, something which had initially created waves of panic that threatened to quell her excitement, now increased her arousal.

There were no safe words here, no limits. She might die here she realised, whipped to death but that was all part of the thrill of this place; of Fantasia X, how had she ended up in X? She could do things here even her younger self would not have dreamed possible (though she thought she might have tried some of them anyway if she’d thought of them). An Adventuress was bold, an Adventuress courted danger for the thrill it gave her, loved fearlessly and, triumphant or in ignominious defeat, looked back with no regrets. As an Adventuress, Amanda recalled, ‘you can expect to find yourself captured and tied up on a regular basis, possibly even enslaved from time to time…'

Her first orgasm left her so breathless she wondered if that might be how she died here but surely Adventuresses were made of sterner stuff. She’d taken Damage and knew what it felt like; she knew she wasn’t taking Damage now though the blows were painful and part of her wanted them to stop; the rest of her wanted an orgasm more intense than the first. An Adventuress has no regrets… Artemis had none, it seemed, when she’d been captured by Aphrodite and she couldn’t help wondering what the two goddesses had got up to in that temple where Artemis, the first Adventuress has been tormented by the goddess of Seductresses for a hundred years.

That was a part of the mythos around the goddesses she did not recall but then, it was all made up anyway.

As the flagellation continued, Amanda heaved herself up on the phallus, the cuffs around her ankles limiting her movement then threw back her head and howled into her gag with lust.

---

The back of the hairbrush struck Ellie’s bottom sharply and she gasped, her body’s response startlingly intense; all the woman had done was brush her hair…and, of course, dry her with those strong hands…and tie her up…

‘Such a naughty girl.’

‘Yes, Mistress.’ It was all Ellie could do not to beg her to be struck again.

Cordelia struck again.

‘Yes…’

And again…

‘Thank you, Mistress.’ It was almost a plea for more.

‘Such a good girl.’

‘Yes, Mistress.’ If only she could bring herself to say that she wasn’t good, that she was a naughty girl who needed to be punished.

Cordelia lifted one of Ellie’s breasts in a leather gloved hand and played with the nipple and Ellie gazed at those gold eyes. So beautiful… Their lips met, Cordelia’s cold and yet firm and somehow sensuous as their bodies pressed together, the scent of leather the taste of…something slightly metallic; Cordelia’s tongue thrusting into her mouth, filling it, pushing in far deeper than it had any right too. Ellie struggled and pulled away gasping.

‘Forgive me,’ Cordelia regarded her hungrily. ‘You are sso beautiful, I became carried away.’

‘No… It’s fine.’ Ellie was gasping; disappointment vying with relief. She looked up at her cuffed wrists. ‘It’s just…’

‘Shh.’ Cordelia held a finger to Ellie’s lips. ‘It is time to dress you.’

‘Yes, Mistress.’

---

Amanda was in a labyrinth of ever decreasing size, she was tracking something down, something important; bow in hand. She turned and the passage decreased in size, she crouched lower and turned again, dropping to her knees. Another turn and another. If only she could recall what she was seeking; all she knew was that it was some sort of challenge, a challenge she could not fail. She dropped to her belly, abandoning her bow, then her sword, then squirming; she shrugged out of her dress, her boots, her only weapon the knife in the pouch around her neck. She could barely fit through the next one, it pressed so tightly upon her and then suddenly she was through. An underground room, a woman, beautiful, achingly beautiful…dark ringlets, pale skin…that face. She could barely make herself look at it.

‘Welcome, Sister,’ the woman said. She held an apple, something that Amanda…no, Amazonne… knew was significant.

‘Aphrodite.’ Amazonne wanted to stand up but something prevented her, a weight on her body that held her on her knees.

‘I knew you couldn’t resist a challenge.’ The woman smiled.

‘You cheated.’

‘I am a goddess.’ Aphrodite said. ‘What did you expect?’

But it wasn’t Aphrodite…it was Luci in her chain mail…

‘Luci…?’

‘Well, this is unexpected.’

---

#### Chapter 43: The Bite

---

The tolling of a bell roused her.

Aphrodite had been punishing her…and Athene and Hera, the three of them whipping her.

‘Adventuress.’

Amanda…no, Amazonne opened her eyes to find…darkness. She could not speak and she was bound like in her dream. The one where Aphrodite had called her sister. Had tricked her into entering her temple where she was all powerful…had captured and imprisoned her, had abused her and used her… Had made her suffer and fulfilled her…satisfied her. Artemis, sopping pussy…how she had been satisfied.

‘The alarm.’

Amazonne’s gag was removed and then her hood and she blinked in the low light.

‘The vampires,’ the redhead priestess said. ‘We are summoned.’

‘Join us, Adventuress.’ The blonde priestess was already undoing the cuffs around Amanda's ankles.

Two of them lifted Amazonne off the phallus and led her by the hand towards the entrance tunnel. Other priestesses were running that way too and some of the men, all tall and powerful and completely naked, their bodies oiled and glistening in the torchlight. Beyond the tunnel they were all pulling on the smocks of peasants, labourers in the field and taking up agricultural tools; pitchforks, hoes, mattocks…and torches; flaming torches. The blonde priestess with the bangs who had welcomed her to the temple passed Amanda her clothing and she pulled on her boots and dress before snatching up her weapons. Then she joined the others, streaming from the temple.

In the street outside, darkness had fallen, the moon hung behind clouds and the occasional bright star twinkled above. All the villagers seemed to be gathering outside the mayor’s house where Battle Babe, Val and Bu-Shi-Doll stood on the steps. Behind them, she could see Maiko pulling on the rope of the bell tower. Without thinking Amanda edged her way through the crowd which parted for her. She was about to step up to join the others when Val stepped forward.

‘People of VanillaVille,’ the blonde said raising her hand, ‘the vampires have taken one of our party.’ At that moment, Val looked directly at her, blue eyes meeting hers and then dropping, a smile crossing her face. Amanda looked down and realised she had not laced up her dress and it hung open revealing her breasts; breasts covered in a latticework of angry red stripes visible in the light of the flickering torches. Glancing round, she noticed that the back of her thighs were similarly adorned. Val’s narrative faltered for a moment and then she said, ‘we ask you to help us take her back before they feast on her or worse…’

There was a murmur from the crowd.

We go to drive them out of their lair.’ She drew her sword and raised it. ’Will you aid us?’

There was more muttering and then a cheer.

Val turned and began to run down the street with Bu-Shi-Doll and the villagers following.

Amanda watched them go then climbed up onto the steps of the mayor’s house beside Battle Babe.

‘You ok, Amanda?’ the big warrior asked.

‘Amazonne!’ Amanda said sharply. ‘And, yes, I’m fine. I’ve just visited the temple.’

‘Temple?’ Battle Babe said then frowned as if suddenly remembering. ‘Oh, yeah. I saw it once. The first time I was here. I was going to go in but it looked a bit weird. I must say I haven’t seen it anytime recently. I thought it must have been removed by the DM. Did you, er, enjoy it?’

‘Oh!’ Amanda found herself surprised and annoyed by the question. She was an Adventuress and planned to remain one. Surely going into the Temple of Artemis was something she should have done. She’d read classics, at least until she’d dropped out of university to travel with Lucius. Goddesses liked to be worshipped. It wasn’t like she was visiting it as a tourist like she’d done with all those Hindu and Buddhist shrines while travelling in her youth. Although, even then she’d engaged in some of the local customs. She smiled at the memory. ‘Yes, it was very…stimulating.’ Then she paused, recalling the comment she’d heard about the Vampire. ‘What did Val mean 'feast on her or worse?’.’

‘Here.’ Battle Babe pulled something from her pack, a book. ‘This will help.’

‘The Party Leaders’ Handbook’, Amanda read. It had a picture of some sort of red fiery monster on the front holding a screaming adventurer above its head.

‘I shouldn’t really let you see it but it will explain.’ BB said. ‘Look in the Monster Manual section.’

Amanda opened the book. ‘Libido Vampire’. She read: ‘Not a true vampire but a magical changeling; humanoid with gold eyes and a forked tongue; lives in ‘nests’, a patriarch and a varying number of females; feeds off the sexual arousal of humans and some other races.’

Amanda looked up with a distrustful expression. ‘Really?’

‘This is Fantasia X.’ BB shrugged. ‘It’s supposed to be…sexy.’

Amanda looked back at the manual. ‘Humans find them physically attractive, meaning libido vampires can beguile and capture their victims often using a toxin from their claws that causes sexual arousal and renders their victim submissive to their will. They will often entice their prey into bondage where the beguiled victim willingly takes up the submissive role.’ Amanda smiled to herself. ‘Once their prey is ensnared the vampire regularly bites the victim with their fangs injecting a hormone that prevents orgasm. The vampires can thus keep their victims intensely aroused and draw power from them. Victims have been known to endure a state of sexual arousal for weeks or sometimes months before finally being allowed to orgasm when the vampires collectively take their last feast; draining the life force from their victim.’

‘Doesn’t sound an awful way to go,’ Val said with a laugh.

‘It is not unheard of,’ Amanda continued to read. ‘For adventurers to seek out Libido vampires and willingly submit to the sexual torment they provide.’

Battle Babe gave a chuckle and looked at Amanda knowingly.

‘Victims of such vampires are sometimes driven mad by sexual frustration…’ Amanda looked at Battle Babe anxiously. ‘Isn’t that a bit worrying?’

‘Relax.’ The big warrior smiled. ‘Honey’s got plenty of spunk. We’ll probably find the vampires all lying around bloated on her libido.’

Amanda bristled but did not rise to the Warrior’s teasing. ’What about this bit, then…’ She started to read again. ‘Like true vampires, Libido Vampires reproduce by ‘turning’ some of their victims. This is a process that is carried out by the male and usually occurs at midnight following their captivity after a ‘tasting’ by one of the hive females. Such victims are typically dressed erotically by one of the hive females before being presented to the male who traditionally feeds them a meal of aphrodisiac foods such as oysters, asparagus and caviar. The modus operandi of Libido Vampires means victims who are turned are usually humans who are physically attractive and sexually alluring.’ Amanda paused and looked up. ‘There’s a footnote: Party Leaders should keep players with custom bodies, especially Seductresses, away from Libido Vampires as they are highly likely to be turned.’

‘Oh.’ Battle Babe frowned. ‘I guess I’d forgotten about that bit.

‘It’s already dark,’ Amanda said.

‘Then we’d better get a move on.’

---

Cordelia began with an old fashioned looking linen corset that she laced tightly around Ellie’s waist and then tightened again and a third time with such force that Ellie felt she was about to be cut in half. From the way Cordelia pulled and tugged at the laces, it was obvious why she had cuffed Ellie to the bar above her head. Once tightened, the corset had the effect of reducing Ellie’s waist to a size that looked as if Cordelia might reach her hands around it and touch her fingers and thumbs together.

‘How’ss that?’

‘A little tight.’ Ellie said breathlessly, aware her breasts appeared even bigger as they rose and fell above the tight linen like mooring boys bobbing in the waves.

Stockings came next, sheer and silken and fastened to the corset by a series of clasps that hung from it; then boots, heelless and reinforced with metal up the back of her legs so that she was held up on the tips of her toes.

‘I’m not sure I can walk in these,’ Ellie said, wobbling on the points of her toes. ‘I was never good at ballet.’

‘You will be just fine, my dear.’

‘Yes, Mistress.’ Ellie was concentrating on staying upright and breathing.

‘So pretty.’ Cordelia traced a finger between Ellie’s legs and Ellie felt herself blush at how easily it slid across her sex. ‘And sso naughty.’ She ran her finger around Ellie’s nipples and then bent to blow on them.

‘Oh…’ Ellie blushed more deeply. ‘It’s…I’m a…’ She wasn’t sure why she should suddenly be feeling coy after all the things Honey had done.

‘Shh.’ Cordelia held her finger again to Ellie’s lips, her golden eyes flashing.

Ellie nodded, realising that Cordelia was holding up a large golden phallus.

‘Oh.’ It felt so good as it was slipped inside her.

The corset had rings at the front and back and Cordelia took a length of knotted leather which she fastened to one of the rings in the front before passing it between Ellie’s legs and through the ring at the back and back to the other one at the front; tightening it deeply into her sex to force the phallus even further inside her and making the knots press against the lips of her sex; a pressure that was impossible to ignore.

‘Ohhh.’ Ellie moaned…the leather cord just felt so good between her legs the phallus filled her in a way that was totally satisfying.

‘Now thesse.’ Cordelia took two gold rings which she held up to Ellie’s breasts, sliding them over the stiff, sensitive nipples. Ellie looked at Cordelia for a moment and then, the two rings tightening themselves, gently pinching her nipples.

‘Uhh?’ Ellie felt sure she was about to climax.

‘Not yet!’ Cordelia admonished.

‘No, Mistress, I mean yes, Mistress, I mean…’ Ellie obediently pulled herself back from the brink.

‘Beautiful.’ Cordelia bent and kissed each nipple in turn.

‘Ohh.’

A skirt came next, a hobble skirt in white linen like the corset, wrapping around Ellie’s waist and thighs so tightly and tapering around her ankles that she wondered if she would be able to take a single step. She thought it odd that the skirt left her bottom bare but then, perhaps Cordelia planned to spank her again.

She hoped so.

‘Nearly dresssed.’

There was, perhaps, a time when Ellie might have disagreed but, in the time she had spent in Fantasia X, this was probably the most covered her body had been, save for the shift she’d worn to gain the attention of the count. It didn’t matter though, she was close to orgasm and, somehow, that was all that mattered at this moment. It was surprising how being aroused like this clouded her mind and how submissive it made her. Then, through the fog of arousal she remembered why she was there. Maybe after Cordelia had left her alone, she would find the next part of the Wand and escape with it but first there were more pressing concerns, the need to cum being first on her list of priorities. She hoped Cordelia would spend a little more time with her, it would be nice to climax looking into those golden eyes, perhaps while the woman punished her in some way, then she could demonstrate her oral skills to her lovely mistress.

Cordelia reached up and freed Ellie’s wrists and Ellie rubbed them reflexively but then Cordelia took them and pulled them gently behind her back.

‘Are you going to keep me tied up, Mistress?’ Her voice wavered, the anticipation of tighter, more strict bondage exciting her further.

‘I can’t let you be naughty again.’ Cordelia told her, sliding a stiffened linen armbinder over Ellie’s arms.

‘Oh.’ Ellie thought she should probably object but it was difficult to argue with Cordelia and she suddenly realised her arms were pinned behind her back and the leather straps tight over her shoulders.

‘Sso helpless...’ Cordelia said standing behind Ellie. ‘Sso deliciouss.’

Ellie felt something cold on her shoulder, a drip of fluid…saliva; cold lips pressed to her neck and the pressure of two fangs against the soft skin…

---

#### Chapter 44: Denial

---

‘We musst keep temptation at bay until you’ve dined with the count,’ Cordelia said.

Ellie felt dizzy, weak. Had Cordelia just…? She looked at her reflection in the mirror; her reflection; still no Cordelia. On Ellie’s neck there were two tiny puncture wounds, two tiny bright spots of red blood. Ellie turned to look at the vampire.

‘Did you just…’

Cordelia held a finger up to her lips. ‘Shh…’

Ellie felt another scratch on her breasts and didn’t need to look down to see what had happened. ’Yes, Mistress.’

Cordelia guided a high, stiff collar over Ellie’s shoulders and closed it around her neck. The collar forced her chin up while pressing down on her shoulders and stopped her turning her head.

Cordelia laced it firmly into place.

‘You are tired.’

Ellie realised she was.

‘I will help you to bed,’ Cordelia said, ushering her towards the bed, supporting her as she walked on the tips of her toes with tiny steps, the skirt hobbling her so that the distance to the bed seemed like walking a long way. As she moved it became clear that the dildo inside her was filling her completely, moving as she moved and the knotted thong was rubbing against her labia. The rings around her nipples made them throb. As Cordelia helped Ellie to sit on the bed, Ellie smiled as the dildo was thrust into her.

‘Will Mistress not stay?’ she asked, realising her words were slurred with tiredness.

‘I will return for you.’ Cordelia said. ‘But for now, she need to sleep.’

‘Yes, Mistress,’ Ellie yawned, feeling her eyelids falling. She needed to sleep but when she was alone the first thing she was going to do was to finish her pleasure.

Cordelia laid her on her side and stroked her cheek. ‘Sso beautiful.’

Ellie smiled. ‘Thank you, Mistress.’

‘Good girl.’ Cordelia smiled down at her. ‘I will return for you shortly but you must stay here; it is dangerous for you to go out of the room.’

‘Not much chance of that, Mistress.’ Ellie smiled up at her. ‘I can barely move.’

‘That’ss good.’ Cordelia said. ‘Now ssleep.’

‘Yes, Mistress…’

Ellie lay watching as Cordelia crossed to the door then as the woman left the room, she rolled onto her belly and began to rub her nipples on the bed.

---

Ellie woke with a start.

She hadn’t been able to cum and the effort seemed to have exhausted her. It had felt strange and frustrating that, after the seemingly constant sexual stimulation and apparently non-stop sex she’d enjoyed in Fantasia, that she wasn’t climaxing seconds after Cordelia left the room. However, though she had felt the need and though she rolled around as much as she was able in the tight bondage, rubbing her thighs together and grinding her pussy against the firm mattress then flexing her hips to make the dildo inside her move teasingly and the knotted cords against her sex rub mercilessly, orgasm had eluded her. Finally, gasping with the effort of struggling against set tight bondage and straining to breathe in the tight corset, she had given herself up to exhaustion and drifted into a dreamless sleep.

Laying on her side, Ellie looked around; the room seemed darker than before although the candles still burned. The need to cum was still there, still intense and for a moment she considered trying once again the scratch the itch that more than just lingered teasingly between her thighs and in her gently pulsing nipples but, despite her arousal, her thoughts were clearer and she made herself put her need to one side. She was here to do a job and she couldn’t face returning to her party empty handed. Awkwardly, she wriggled towards the edge of the bed then carefully tipped her hobbled legs over the edge moaning softly as she reached a seated position and felt the dildo move inside her.

It was almost enough to make her throw herself back on the bed and try to masturbate again but the effort of sitting up had left her gasping; the corset really was tight and she wasn’t sure she could manage all that rolling around again. She tried to look down but the high collar prevented her and she was forced to feel her way to a standing position, placing her booted toes on the floor and looking at the wall ahead fixedly to try and ensure her balance. Then, taking a deep breath she launched herself into a standing position, teetering forwards on the tips of her toes in the ballet style boots trying not to fall as she took tiny steps within the confines of the hobble skirt.

‘I guess mum would be better at this part,’ she thought. ‘More practice.’ She had seen the pair of toe boots her mother kept in the bottom of her wardrobe while looking to borrow a pair of heels for a night out when she’d been dressing up in the retro style her mother liked; stockings and skirts, high heels; clinging silk. It had definitely not been her thing but she’d been surprised by the attention she’d received for her ‘vintage’ look at the party.

‘Should have practiced when my arms were free,’ she said, beginning what was looking like a very long journey from the bed to the door of the room.

Passing her reflection in the mirror she almost stumbled then realised it was probably just the light or the fact she’d just woken up that made her look so pale.

‘Mum would be so enjoying this,’ she thought then smiled at herself. ‘Val would too, watching mum like this.’

Honey’s body, her body, stood tightly restrained or perhaps dressed in the collar and mantle, the impossibly tight corset, her legs tapering as if she was a statue on a plinth, a big breasted, sexy statue with a tiny waist. The high neck of the collar and the mantel across her shoulders and the corset and the skirt did have an odd way of making her appear dressed as if for dinner in an old fashioned gown except, of course, that her breasts and bottom were bare and her arms were bound behind her back.

Then there were the gold rings on her nipples and the three scratches on her breasts.

---

It seemed to take Ellie forever to reach the door. Literally dozens of tiny, hobbled steps, awkward on the carpet and a little better on the bare, polished floorboards where her toes tapped repeatedly and unnervingly noisily. Her breathing seemed noisy too, a combination of the effort and the dildo moving constantly inside her.

The rings on her nipples added to all this.

*I really get how mum gets off on this.*

It was odd, she thought as she passed it, that the bath was empty. ‘Could I really have slept through someone emptying it?’

Fortunately, the door handle had a lever action and she was able to push it down with her bound hands, bending her knees slightly and feeling the knotted cord slide across her labia. The insides of her thighs were slick with more than sweat.

*I really deserve a good wank after this.*

The latch clicked and she eased the door open, tottering awkwardly and stopping, holding her breath when it creaked loudly.

Outside the long hallway was deserted.

‘Why does it have to be so long?’ she muttered.

Ellie looked left and right and decided to head right, away from the direction she had come when Cordelia had led her up from the entrance hall. She was fairly certain she hadn’t seen any trace of the Wand on the way up to the room although there was no reason why it would be on display like the other items she’s seen. It could be anywhere in the manse and she was going to have to look for it walking on her toes with her legs hobbled and her arms bound.

She sighed. There suddenly seemed little chance of finding it and almost no chance of remaining undiscovered as she searched.

‘I can’t let BB down again,’ she said to herself and with determination began to teeter down the hallway, her body responding again to the movements of the dildo.

It felt rather naughty to be out on her own when Cordelia had told her not to leave the room. She giggled to herself. ‘Perhaps Cordelia will spank me again.’

---

The hallway was many times longer than the room she’s just crossed and her bondage forced her to move with frustrating slowness from one little display case to the next where there were an almost endless array of magical items and collectables laid out.

‘Perhaps one can magically free a girl from bondage,’ she thought wistfully looking at a dozen jewelled rings adorning a hand that thrust up from one of the tables she passed. ‘Just one problem, of course…’ She tried to wiggle her fingers in the tight mitt of the bondage sheath but it was stiff and she could barely move them at all let alone get a ring on one of them. ‘Perhaps if I didn’t have rings on my nipples already…’ She giggled before glancing from side to side furtively.

Moving on, she passed more pictures of the count’s relatives or ancestors or perhaps both.

Then, there it was under a glass dome; the rod, lying on a red velvet cushion. The dome even had a ring fixed to the top so a girl with her arms bound behind her back could probably lift it with her teeth and place it to one side then snatch up the prize with her mouth.

Before she’d entered the manse, she’d wondered briefly how she might smuggle the artefact out; grinning at the thought of where she might hide it.

‘Definitely not possible now,’ she said to herself. ‘That place is rather full.’

Her sex was throbbing insistently at this point, calling to her to slip a hand down the front of the skirt if only she could and scratch the rising itch.

The thing looked so like a phallus, or at the least the top of one and Honey wasted no time in enjoying the irony.

‘It won’t be the first time I’ve had a cock in my mouth here,’ she said out loud and then looked round nervously.

She felt, she realised, now she thought about it, a little like she was drunk. In the glass in front of her she saw her reflection, her gaze moving to the scratches on her breasts. ‘That must be how she’s doing it.’

The thought of Cordelia brought a rush of guilty pleasure.

Then a sound made her turn hurriedly, almost overbalancing. She heard footsteps and panicked looking around for somewhere to hide.

Nowhere.

*Perhaps one of the doors is open,* she thought, turning and tottering to the nearest door, pushing down on the handle with her bound hands and finding it locked. She teetered to the next one almost crying out with relief when it opened and quickly stepped inside.

---

Ellie had been a Seductress for three days now and was beginning to think she had got the measure of the role but she was not prepared for the sight that greeted her. She appeared to have entered some sort of sadomasochistic orgy.

There was a man spread out on a cross and, from the enthusiasm with which the woman kneeling before him was fellating him it was clear that libido vampires had no qualms about crosses. The woman on her knees fellating the man was clearly one of Cordelia’s kin with the same jet black dark hair and pale skin; this one wore what appeared to be a regency style dress made out of shiny black rubber. The man on the cross was chained in place; he had blonde hair and was well muscled suggesting he might be or, might have been a Warrior; he was naked and gagged and he was whimpering loudly. Despite the vampire’s efforts, his cock was also flagging.

Seeing her enter, the man looked at Ellie, registering surprise and then, as his eyes roved down her body, she saw him struggle. She watched as the kneeling woman looped her long tongue around the man’s cock and used the forked tip to tease his balls. For a moment, his cock seemed to rally but then dropped again. The man’s expression became pleading and he whimpered into his gag. The vampire at his feet released his cock and stood.

‘What a sshame, I liked this one,’ the vampire said,

‘He has proved quite a diversion, Ssisster.’ The other vampire, identical to the first save her clothing, in this case a black PVC dress complete with corset and bustle and, as far as Ellie could tell, identical to Cornelia, stood over two blondes, both tightly bound in rope harnesses. Both were buxom and, Ellie saw, had rings around their nipples similar to the ones she wore. One of the blondes was kneeling over the other and both were eagerly licking the other’s pussy.

Behind them, there was another woman a redhead mounted on some sort of pole that clearly impaled her; her arms were bound behind her in what looked like an extremely stringent position making her breasts stick out; they were tightly bound too and there were weights hanging from her clamped nipples; she was gagged and blindfolded and was squirming continuously, moaning through her gag as she rode the pole, apparently teasing herself.

‘Perhaps we could get this one to try,’ the first vampire said, regarding Ellie with her golden eyes. ‘What do you ssay, Goneril?’

‘Sshe does look the part, Regan,’ the second one said, turning her attention from the two blondes, ‘but won’t Cordelia be upset if we defile her?’

‘Almost certainly.’ The first vampire, Regan, walked towards Ellie. ‘It looks like she’s planning on giving her to daddy as a gift.’

Her sister, Goneril, turned her attention more fully on Ellie, her tongue flicking out. ‘Do I detect a Sseductresss?’ Her lips curled into a smile.

Regan repeated the gesture. ‘Yes, Ssister, you do.’

The two advanced on Ellie.

‘Sshe might be just what we need to give Edgar the ssend off he deserves,’ Regan said.

‘And she’s already hot with lusst.’ Goneril’s tongue flicked the air again. ‘I can’t remember the last time we had a Sseductresss.’

‘Our ssister does have quite a way with humanss.’

The pair stood in front of Ellie, their tongues flicking out, tasting the air around her and Ellie backed towards the door.

‘Come along, girl,’ Regan said, taking Ellie’s arm and guiding her forward. ‘Come and ssee what you can do for poor Edgar.’

Ellie was pushed to her knees in front of the man on the cross. She saw he had a ring like the ones around her nipples around his cock. She felt the two vampires watching her and, glancing to the side, saw that even the two blondes had stopped their mutual pleasuring. Goneril had spotted it too and, taking up a whip, chastised them both, slapping their full round bottoms with it, admonishing them to continue in their intimate ministrations.

‘Well, girl,’ Regan said, ‘sshow is what a Sseductresss can to.’ She too brandished a whip.

Ellie looked up at the man, his eyes still pleading over his gag and leant forwards taking the man’s semi-flaccid cock in her mouth .

‘Three monthss we’ve had him,’ Regan said as Ellie began to tease him with her tongue. ‘And it’s the first time he'ss let us down.’ She ran a fingernail down Edgar’s chest, raking the skin. ‘But then, what a time we’ve given him.’

Goneril joined them. ‘Three months with a constant erection must have given him some pleasure but I fear we’ve milked him just a little too hard.’ She smiled down at Ellie. ‘Unless the Sseductresss can do something for him.’

Honey, certainly could. Even as she ran her tongue over his tip, she felt the stirrings in him and the tingle that told her she was doing the right thing. Only this time there was no vicarious sensation that Honey was manipulating her, that the AI was guiding her, there was just her tongue and her lips and the tingle of XPs.

The man’s cock swelled in her mouth and she felt him start to drool on her tongue.

The tingle of Experience increased.

‘Oh my,’ one of the vampires said. Goneril, Ellie thought. ‘Can you feel that, Regan?’

The man started to squirm and Ellie felt her own need rising. She’d been in the house for several hours, teased and kept in bondage and now, humiliatingly, forced to fellate this stranger.

She really needed to cum.

The man groaned and Ellie took him deep into her throat, her pleasure increasing even as she did so, her muscles working on the dildo inside her. She was sure the rings on her nipples were doing something magical to her too.

‘I think he’s going to cum,’ Goneril said, sounding almost as if she didn’t believe it. A comment that made Ellie baulk.

She knew the vampire was right and a moment later, her mouth seemed to fill with semen, the man’s balls spasming, pumping as if he hadn’t cum for weeks, months even. Three months possibly. When she looked up the two vampires were standing behind him, their fangs embedded deep into his neck as blood ran down his chest.
