---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Bondage Adventures of Lara Cross 5
authors:
- John Roper
tags:
- MM-ff
- MFF-ff
- bond
- kidnap
- reluct-nc
- X
date: 2017-05-06 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**The Bondage Adventures of Lara Cross 4**](bondage_adventures_lara_cross4.html))

**Part Five**

Sasha Nash woke slowly and carefully from her chloroform-induced sleep to
find herself completely naked and sprawled out on the floor of her studio. Sheik
Achmed Ben Shahad watched the event from the comfort of his 747 cabin, after
having configured the cameras and audio equipment accordingly. At first, his
reluctant lover was relieved to find she had not been either done away with or
shipped out to god-knows-where.

"Oh-WOW!," commented the very astonished damsel when the pain in her
joints and groin made its sobering aftermath known to her and reminded the
40-something entrepreneur of what she'd endured just a few hours before,
although she could not accurately estimate how long ago that was. When Sasha sat
up, her rope burned and marked body stared back at her in the wall-to-wall, one
way mirror that separated the studio from its control room, giving her reason to
be thankful that nothing permanently damaging had been done to her well tanned
and toned physique.

A note lay on the floor in front of her, which she immediately read while,
with some effort, standing and gingerly walking to the door that led to her
office.
"Dearest Sasha: I do hope you enjoyed our first intimacy as much as I did,
and that we can do it again in the near, if not too distant future. Call me as
soon as you have any intelligence on Lara Cross, and please feel free to drop
by anytime."
Images of the Sheik's erection flashed back at Sasha as she settled in at her
desk and picked up her phone on its first ring.

"Tandem Productions, Sasha Nash speaking."

"It's me," said Kathryn Karns from her BMW. Sister Debra was at the
wheel. "Where the hell have you been? We have been trying to reach…"

"Never mind the small talk," interrupted Nash. "What have you got for
me?"

"The two-hour-ago location of Lara Cross, for starters," revealed Kathryn
Karns to her longtime associate.

Neither was aware that the Sheik was listening in on a phone tap. Since
Sasha's cloak-n-dagger experience was negligible, the possibility never
entered her mind. And since Kathryn knew nothing of went on in the dungeon and
747 just a few hours before, she too, had no reason to suspect their phone
conversation was being monitored.

Karns continued. "Since your relationship with Achmed is more hands-on than
ours, we wondered if you'd be interested in a go-between arrangement."

"I'm listening."

"We want half of what he pays you for the information."

"But it's two-hours old…"

"We know," assured Karns, "but we're tailing Cross at a safe distance
and should have more before long."

Sasha sat back in her executive chair, cupped the phone, blew an exhausted
burst of carbon dioxide into the room, and pondered the proposition. A
gift-wrapped box on the corner of the desk caught her eye.

"I'll call you back in twenty-minutes," said Nash before ending the
connection and reaching for the gift.

An attached card read, 'A small token of my affection- Achmed.'

The jewelry he'd purchased from Wellington Trent, consisting of a jade
necklace, earrings and wrist bracelet, stared back at Sasha's amazed eyes.

"Holy moley," appreciated Achmed's latest crush as her pussy twitched a
bit in the suddenly reignited throws of their uncommonly flavored, sexual
orientation.

\* \* \* \*

A gas station attendant, who moonlighted as a kind of low level spy, was the
leak in the ointment of Lara's security. He'd called the Karns sisters after
they'd instructed him, and several other strategically located snoops around
Cairo, hours before, to keep an eye out for the tomb raider's striking persona
and take note of what direction she was heading, and at what time.

Since the caravan had no choice but to keep its road speed under 50-mph,
though it took a few hours, Kath and Deb Karns eventually caught up. And since
there was no reason to suspect they were being followed, the treasure hunt team
never looked back as they made their way further and further south and
separately fantasized about what they were going to do with their windfall
profits.

Images of what Martin Trent and Dent Chalmer did to our two heroines also
invaded Gwenn and Lara's daydreaming as the white lines on the road tracked
them deeper and deeper into the greatest adventure of their lives. Rob Banks
also pulled up a few memories of the magnificent masturbation to which he'd
treated himself while gawking through the crack in the closet door of the
basement in which his partner's bondage episode had taken place.

The sisters Karns had other things on their minds, things that caused wave
after wave of trepidation to invade their composures as the miles ticked by and
they realized their latest endeavors were pulling them further and further away
from the operational comfort of more familiar territory.

"We're running out of gas."

Kathryn Karns punched up some poop on their OnStar screen and breathed a sigh
of relief.

"We can fill up in a few miles."

"Are you sure we made the right moves on this one?" asked Debra Karns as
she and her sister exchanged concerned expressions of doubt and went silent
until they reached the next automotive oasis.

\* \* \* \*

As bad luck would have it, while two of Martin Trent's New York operatives
were ransacking Lara's Park Avenue apartment, her trusted personal assistant
arrived with a close, female friend to feed the fish, update Cross' computer,
and watch a DVD on her boss's big screen TV. But before they could call the
Police to report that someone had broken in, they were grabbed and held at
gunpoint by two, hooded intruders, who'd also brought 300-feet of clothesline
with them, just in case.

"Strip down to your underwear," said one of them as if their lives
depended on it.

While he watched, the other went through Maggie Wu's bag and found a disk,
which he stuffed into his vest before gagging both women with wash clothes and
several tight turns of Elastoplast, which he'd discovered in the cabinet under
the sink in the bathroom. In the minutes that followed, Maggie and her friend
Tanya were severely bound at gunpoint, with arms behind their backs, at the
elbows and wrists, and legs cinched together at crossed ankles, calves and lower
thighs. They were then posed on chairs at Lara's desk and photographed with a
cell phone. Every inch of the rope was used to thoroughly bind their well
endowed bodies into submission, something neither of them had ever had done to
them before.

"Oh-my-God," realized Maggie Wu as she watched one of the operatives bind
her bound ankles to the chair's adjustable undercarriage. "I can't believe
how sexual this is."

Neither of them wore bras, just panties, and neither had any idea the reason
for the break-in and photo session was also connected to collecting an
information ransom. The several turns of tight rope around their torso and arms
soon convinced the overwhelmed damsels that the burglars didn't give a damn
about how distressed their stringently applied restraints were making the two,
terrified best friends.

"My GOD!" thought Maggie when she looked down at her seriously protruding
36Ds and the deep breath she had just taken tightened all the chest ropes to a
degree that made it almost impossible to comfortably oxygenate her physiology.

"Got it," said one of their abductors when Lara's cell number was
gleaned from Maggie's phone book.

The other was immediately on the phone to Martin Trent, who was now back at
'The House' sifting thru pages of data he'd collected after having
received the call that left Lara and Gwenn to their suspensions in the basement
the night before. When he saw the two bound beauties on his cell screen, he
smiled and jotted down Lara's number as he thought ahead a bit.

"Send it to her now," said Martin Trent to his New York agents, "and
get on her pc and mail me what's on the disk you found. Then delete any trace
of the send."

\* \* \* \*

Lara's phone signaled just as her caravan tuned off the main road and onto
the unpaved one she herself had carved into the desert several days before.

"Yes?"

No one answered, but the photo of Maggie and Tanya spoke volumes to the
message Martin Trent was anonymously sending to his newest arch enemy.

"Holy SHIT!" screamed Lara Cross into the windshield of the rented
U-Haul.

A blast of sexual immediacy raced to her still, very sore crevice. Another
followed suit as the second picture (a head shot of Maggie's very gagged and
worried expression) flashed into Lara's overwhelmed awareness.

"Son-of-a-BITCH!"

She immediately got on the walky-talky to tell Gwenn and Rob the much
unexpected news. A powwow was called in the RV as her partner's viewed the
pictures and dealt with some groin activity of their own.

"Now what?" asked Gwenn after finding out who the two, thoroughly bound
babes were.

"I don't know," admitted Lara. Only half the ball is in our court.
Whoever did this still has to make their demands and their identities known to
us.

Just then, another picture came through: one of a hooded agent, standing
behind his captives with a huge hunting knife in hand.

"Goodness," said Gwenn before resisting the urge to touch herself.

"We have three choices," announced Lara. "Stay put, press on, or go
back."

\* \* \* \*

The moon was full, so it was easy for the Karns sisters to see the dust
kicked up by the caravan's wheels. A red marker stake also gave them reason to
believe they were on the right track.

"Piece's cake," noticed Kathryn Karns as she turned right and kept her
eyes glued to the caravan's trail.

Unfortunately for them, though, their lack of cloak and dagger experience
caused them to make a very serious blunder. The unbeknownst stop Lara's team
made to discuss the matter at hand caused the Karns sisters to lose the safe
distance they had been keeping between them and the caravan. As a consequence,
11 miles in, Lara caught a fortuitous glimpse of the BMW's headlights in her
rear view mirror.

"DAMN!" she screamed. "What ELSE!"

"WHAT?" asked Rob when the news was conveyed by walky-talky?

"That's what I said," confirmed Lara.

"But how?" asked Gwenn.

"Not how," reasoned Lara, "but who."

They pressed on anyway. A mile and a half later, they reached the site and
circled their wagons, as it were.

"Pay them no mind," said Lara into the second minute of their coffee
klatch in the RV. "I have a fix on them; just keep doing what you're doing
while I go get some gear out of the U-Haul and pay them a visit."

"Are you sure that's wise?" inquired Gwenn as she watched her new
partner crouch down and crawl out the door.

"Not to worry," assured Lara Cross. "I know what I'm doing. Lock the
door."

Rob Banks immediately did so before grabbing his main squeeze by the wrist
and dragging her into the bed chamber.

\* \* \* \*

Maggie and Tanya went nuts with fear and kinky passion as they watched their
abductors ransack Lara's apartment and speculated on what might happen next.
Martin Trent's instruction was to remain there and wait on his next one, but
not lay a finger on the girls without permission. When both agents were out of
the room and into the six others in the 23rd floor apartment, Tanya and Maggie
tore into their bondage and, without inhibition, thoroughly expressed both the
panic and totally unexpected sexual overtones of their predicament. The ropes
were expertly and tightly tied, except for the strategically knotted crotch rope
leading to their wrist cinches, a fact both wondered about while being
unabashedly grateful. They also took careful note of the other's rock hard
nipples.

"My goodness," noticed Maggie Wu, "I'm teetering on the edge of an
orgasm… Why?"

And Tanya Tilly thought, "I'm cumming; I'm CUMMING! Why the fuck am I
CUMMING!?"

\* \* \* \*

Since the Karns sister were not sure whether or not the caravan had stopped
at the actual treasure site, they decided to wait on what would happen next
before placing a call to Sasha, a mistake they lived to regret, for while they
were exploring their options, Lara snuck up on them, with shotgun in hand.

"Out of the car, you two or I'll blow both your shit for brains out."

Meanwhile, back in the RV, Gwenn and Rob were naked and locked into a
lover's embrace in their bed.

**A Few Minutes Later**

"This is crazy," noticed Dolan.

"Ain't it though," agreed Banks before they both climaxed and Lara
tapped on the RV's door with the tip of one of the boots she'd borrowed from
Gwenn.

Rob appeared in a black robe and a wide-eyed look that told Lara all she
needed to know.

"I assume you are very good at tying up women," quipped Cross.

"Uh," said Rob as he scoped the two, new damsels in his life, "I can do
that."

Gwenn arrived in her Daisy Dukes and orange T-shirt.

"What's…" was all she could come up with when she saw the Karns
sisters being led at gunpoint to a spot about 200-feet beyond the camp. Her
lover was heading for the U-Haul. "Rob?"

"Not now, babe, I gotta tie those two to the desert."

"Can I help?"

\* \* \* \*

Lara had thoroughly reconnoitred the treasure site area on her map and, to
some degree, by driving around its parameters to a radius of ten miles, before
returning to Cairo with the jewelry Wellington Trent managed to steal when her
back was turned. She figured that, whoever had Maggie in their clutches, must
have also found the update disk her assistant always dropped off at the
apartment on Wednesdays. It contained, among other chunks of data, directions to
the site. So while Rob and Gwenn tied up the Karns sisters, she backtracked to
the main highway cutoff and pulled the red stake she'd planted as a sign to
anyone in possession of the directions.

She then drove another five miles up the road to an area she knew would throw
unwanted tomb raiders off the track. After sinking the red stake, she hung a
right and drove the same distance the directions specified in order to reach the
real site and dumped some garbage in and around the area. Using the SUV's
odometer, she then calculated the distance back to the real cutoff, which
she'd marked with a stick and rag, smoothed and covered the tracks made thus
far with a few patches of foliage, to insure no one would be able to distinguish
it from the surrounding terrain, and drove back to camp.

Upon her arrival, she found Gwenn and Rob standing over their charges with
shotguns in both their hands. The Karns sisters had been staked out, naked, on
their backs, with legs spread wide apart, their wrists crossed and tightly bound
together with thin line. Very concerned looks graced their rugged, but
attractive features. Each wrist bind had been tethered to the other with four
feet of rope, with the tops of their heads facing each other, which positioned
them in opposite, but linear directions. The patch of ground Rob had chosen for
the bind was unlike its surrounding geography: hard and cracked from
overexposure to the sun.

"We're covered," said Lara as she stepped into the scene and took note
of Robs black Speedo and Gwenn's very revealing, red-leather, strapless teddy
and shiny-red, six-inch heels. "Aren't you two a bit overdressed for the
occasion?" smirked the tomb raider as she stood over their prisoners.

Just then, the top of the sun broke the horizon, giving Lara a cue, of which
she took full advantage.

"If you don't tell us what we want to know, we're going to leave you
out here like this until you do." She then tuned to her male partner and
asked, "Rob, dear, would you please get me a tire iron from out of the SUV?"

Gwenn's now rock-hard-erected partner jumped to the task, while Lara
scooped up a short length of rope and began the interrogation.

"Who are you working for?"

"We are currently unemployed," spat a very defiant Kathryn Karns.

"Why did you follow us?"

"It seemed like a good idea at the time."

Gwenn jumped in. "My guess is they're playing for time."

Lara threw Kathryn a killer look and added, "Then, while we can, let's
make sure we play with them as inconsiderately as they played with us."

Flashbacks of their perilous, nipple tether ordeal in the van the night
before raced back to haunt all concerned.

"Here you go," said Rob Banks when he returned with the tire iron, while
handing it to his new partner with a sardonic smile.

Lara took the tool in her right hand and punctuated her words by gently
striking the palm of her left with its business end.

"How about, for starters, we break their noses in a few places."

The Karns sisters squirmed and fisted their hands for a few seconds before
Debra begged, "We'll PAY for our freedom."

"With what?" asked Lara as she knelt down between their heads and laid
the tire iron on the wrist tether line.

"Thirty-thousand, American?"

Lara wound the tether rope around the middle of the iron three times, which
stretched the Karns sisters a few inches closer to each other and added more
pressure to the tie-off points on their ankles and wrists.

"I'm listening."

"Shut up, stupid," spat Kathryn Karns as another blood rush raced to her
and her sister's groin and a love/hate relationship with their unfortunate
circumstance precipitated an unmistakable shininess 'round about the lips
between their legs.

"In the trunk of our car," blurted Debra Karns. "In the black case."

"Shit," was all Kathryn could come up with.

Gwenn and Lara exchanged cautious looks.

"I'm on it," offered the former as she walked towards the brown BMW
and, with a modicum of effort, Cross gave the tire iron another five turns
before using the aforementioned rope to secure it to the tether.

"Meet us back at the RV," said Lara to Gwenn.

"Wilco."

"There," said Cross while rising and heading back to camp.

Rob waited a minute, took out his erection and almost immediately ejaculated
all over his victims before, he too, turned and left them to their speculating
frustration and uncommon fear.

\* \* \* \*

Meanwhile, back in the Big Apple, Martin Trent's agents had blindfolded
Maggie Wu and Tanya Tilly so they could remove their hoods and strip down to
more comfortable attire. While one took a shower, the other, after driving the
two very distressed and turned on damsels nuts with his hands and such, jerked
off onto their thoroughly uninhibited body language. Then it was the other's
turn to do the same, while the first voyeur took his shower.

What neither of them knew was that Dent Chalmer had been waiting for an
opportunity to lose the two operatives ever since he and Martin discovered they
had been, for several months,  pirating industrial data and such from Trent
and selling it to their competition. Now that the disk containing the treasure
site's location was in Martin's hands, the greedy agents were no longer
needed or viable to his organization.

Being blindfolded only served to heighten the excitement rebuilding between
Maggie and Tanya's legs. Heavy breathing, and all kinds of grunts and
expletive feedback from their abductors made it perfectly obvious that the girls
were not the only one's who were appreciating the sensual perks of their bound
and bothered situation.

\* \* \* \*

While Lara walked back to camp, she placed a call to friends at the FBI, who
immediately got on her case. The logic was simple enough, if the girls were
still tied up in the apartment, they would be rescued. If their kidnappers were
still there, which she doubted, now that the disk was in their possession, they
would get their just desserts and, perhaps get Martin Trent into some serious
trouble. The floppy would also be recovered. If no one was there, at least Lara
would then know there was more negotiating to do with whomever, and that a
change of plans was in order.

Since Martin Trent had never personally tangled with Cross, he knew little of
her skills, a blunder his father would, if he could, in the interest of
successfully handing down the family business, have avoided had he known what
fate awaited him as a result his having underestimated the tomb raider's
formidable methodology.

\* \* \* \*

As Rob, Gwenn and Lara took stock of their situation around the RV's dining
table, Sasha Nash waited for a local fence to estimate the value of the jewelry
given her by Sheik Achmed Ben Shahad.

"Where did you get this?" asked the fence/jeweler/semi expert on
artifacts ancient and/or antique.

"It's been in the family for years. I have no idea where it came from or
how much it's worth," evaded Sasha. "Are you or are you not interested?"

The 72-year-old, seasoned professional immediately grasped the unsavory
significance of her comeback and decided to see just how uninformed his newest
client was.

"How much do you want?"

"Ten thousand?"

The old man stroked his beard calmly while deciding on whether or not to rip
off the stunning beauty sitting across his desk.

"Is there more where this came from?"

"No," said Nash. "And I'd want it in cash, right now."

\* \* \* \*

"Well," said Lara, "now that we know there are potentially more tomb
raiders involved, perhaps the first question we should ask them is if anyone
knows exactly where we are."

"Agreed," said Rob Banks before finishing his Gatorade and standing to
the task.

Lara smiled and looked down at the opened attachè case on the table.

"Say, around noon?"

Rob pulled up on his jeans a bit, sprouted an expression that did little to
hide his disappointment, and said, "Absolutely."

That should give those two bitches more than enough time to appreciate their
situation in favor of full disclosure.

The Karns sisters were now thoroughly exhausted from struggling in their
bonds.

"If she turns that tire iron any tighter," figured Kath, "I don't
think I'll be able to stand it."

"How about we lie to them?" suggested Deb.

"No- we don't know exactly what they know, so if we tell them something
that runs contrary to what they…"

"Right," understood Deb. "Any ideas?"

"Yeah- let's get some sleep while we can. We're gonna need all the
energy and clear thinking we can manage before this day is over. We might as
well do it while it's still cooler than 95 degrees."

"SLEEP!? How the hell can you sleep at a time like this, not to mention
while TIED like this?"

"Are you horny too?"

"…yes- very."

"Use it to focus off the pain."

"But I don't think…"

"Shut up."

**20-SOMETHING MINUTES LATER**

Both Kathryn and Debra Karns woke up within a few seconds of each other to
find that something hard and thick had been shoved into their vaginas, and that
Lara, barefoot, in just a red thong, was standing a few feet away.

"I'll make this short and sweet," announced the tomb raider's
impatience. "For reasons of expediency, I need to know what you know about
Martin Trent. And before you decide not to tell me, look down at the candles I
used to stuff your cunts. If you don't tell me what I want to know, I will
light them, and when they burn down to within about a half inch of causing
serious damage, you will begin to suffer a kind of pain neither one of you,
I'm sure, have ever had to deal with before."

The Karns sister's were immediately horny again, and getting hornier by the
second over what and how Lara was spelling things out.

"Now tell me, are you working for Martin Trent, or have you ever worked for
his father, Wellington?"

"Oh, God," thought Deb Karns out loud. "Isn't the money enough to get
you off our backs?"

Kathryn tried to appeal to her interrogator's professional kinship.

"We have a reputation to protect."

Lara showed her the cell phone image of Maggie and Tanya to make a point of
her own.

"They're my friends and have been kidnapped, and I want to know by whom
before I make my next move. Now answer the question."

"No!" snapped Kathryn Karns as the figurative fire down below grew
hotter.

"I see," said Lara as she knelt to light the candles. "I figure
you've got less than an hour to think things over." She then, with some
effort, wound up the tire iron/rope configuration another four turns, tied it
off, stood, and said as she headed back to camp, "Just scream if you prefer
not to be scarred for life–And, by the way, one of the candles is shorter than
the other. I put it into the one of you who was more unreasonable."

Every inch of extremity mobility had been completely expelled from the Karns'
bodies, making it almost impossible to affect the candles' dispositions from
without.

"And don't bother trying to spit them out," warned Lara as she turned
and left her captive audience to their own devices. "I cut several jagged
grooves into them with a hot knife, so if you do try to lose them, you'll only
succeed at moving them in the only direction they can go."

"Holy crap!" commented Debra Karns as she teetered on the edge of an
orgasm and tried to reason with her sister. "We HAVE to tell her everything,
or we'll…"

"Well, DUH-uh," agreed Kathryn as she dealt with the edge of HER
forthcoming spasms and hoped its unavoidable closure would happen a few times
before the candle did the unthinkable to HER throbbing pussy.

"Are there any scorpions around here?"

"HOW THE HELL WOULD I KNOW!" screamed Kathryn Karns while doing her best
to get off HER edge and cursing the day she decided to do business with Martin
Trent.

\* \* \* \*

"Yes, Mr. Trent," said one of the operatives who ransacked Lara's New
York apartment and tied up Maggie Wu and Tanya Tilly. "Will do." He then
closed his cellular and said to his longtime partner in crime, "We're outta
here."

After collecting their gear, getting dressed and covering their faces again,
they removed the blindfolds from their captives and quickly left the apartment.

"Muh?!" questioned Tanya while realizing she and Maggie were being left
alone and tied to their chairs.

The slamming door sent a new blast of kinky excitation to both their
genitals, which was then compounded by speculations as to how long they would
have to endure their bondage and its newly discovered consequences before
someone found them or took advantage of their helplessness.

"MMUHUH!!" screamed Maggie Wu as she tore into her ropes and threw Tanya
a wide-eyed stare.

Tilly followed suit. "MMMUHUHUH!!"

Their binders removed the ski masks after leaving the apartment, smiled at
each other and nodded as one palm-patted the vest pocket that held the disk.

"I have a feeling," figured the senior partner, "we're gonna make a
bunch'a money on this little tidbit."

While waiting for the elevator, two, very attractive babes, dressed in gray
sweats and white tennis shoes turned a hallway corner and walked to the wall
opposite the lift door. Their conversation centered on how much weight they'd
lost while on a health spa vacation. The agents smiled at each other and threw
the babes a few looks, which were totally ignored. When the doors opened, they
offered to let them on first.

"After you," said one of the well tanned gym rats, with a curious smile.

The men stepped aboard the elevator, punched the first floor button, turned,
and saw two forty-five automatics, with silencers, aimed at their chests. Both
babes then emptied their weapons into the stunned operatives. The doors closed
as the almost dead, freelance dirty-workers fell to the floor and one of the
assassins waited a few seconds before casually pressing a button to bring the
other elevator to the 23rd floor. Each then concealed the forty-fives back under
their loose-fitting sweat tops. One then pulled a cell phone from a pocket and
speed dialed Dent Chalmer's number. While she waited for him to answer, the
two got back into their health spa conversation and watched the floor numbers go
down and up on the elevator's digital readout. 
     
To be continued…



23.10.05 | updated -
