---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'The Leather Twins Part 14: “Childs Play”'
authors:
- Anne Gray
tags:
- FF/ff
- bond
- leather
- harness
- see-saw
- toys
- climax
- cons/nc
- X
---

(story continues from [**The Leather Twins Part 13: Teamwork & the Piebald Pair**](leather_twins13.html))

**Chapter 25 – “Childs Play”**

It was a beautiful, bright, crisp autumn
day that my sister and I were enjoying as we strolled through the small town
about 25 miles from home. That
morning we had paid a visit to our favourite fetish store, made a few purchases
and then stopped on the way home to do some window shopping.

As we stood side by side in front of a
large display window I studied our reflections and smiled as other pedestrians
passed behind us and I thought to myself - if they only knew.
Karen must have seen my grin because she turned her head and winked at
me.

As we got ready this morning we had
decided to emphasize, as we did occasionally, the fact that we were identical
twins. Consequently the two figures
reflected in the window were of equal height because the heels on our boots were
the same, comfortable, three and a half inches.
The hairstyles and understated makeup were the same and our coats,
although different colours, matched.

The coats, naturally, were soft leather
and they were buttoned almost to the silk scarves around our neck, snugly
belted, then falling to just below our knees; they were just right for the
slight chill in the air. Karen’s
was a light dusty rose and mine pale leaf green.
The reason we were chuckling to ourselves was that under the coats, what
the passer-by’s couldn’t see, were that the stylish black boots continued up
our legs to thigh height. There
they joined the edges of tight black leather bustier body suits.
The thin kid gloves, also black, disappeared into the sleeves of the
coats and actually extended well up our arms almost to the shoulder.

In fact, without the coats, we were in
full Domme mode. The only other two
people who knew what was hidden by the perfectly fashionable and publicly
acceptable outerwear were Susan and Amy. They
had seen the outfits as we laced their heads in tight leather discipline helmets
and tightened the gag straps. Then
we had buttoned and belted our coats before strapping blindfolds in place on the
helplessly bound girls and departing for our outing.

I adjusted the shoulder strap on my
purse as we turned to continue our walk. Several
minutes later I realised the Karen was no longer at my side and turned to look
for her. A little way back we had passed a junior school and Karen was
standing at the fence staring into the playground.

I went back to her and she looked at me,
with that far away gaze in her eyes, then turned back again to look at the kids.

“Just look at all the equipment
they’ve got; they are having so much fun on it I wonder……”
Her voice trailed off as I studied the playing children.
I didn’t know what was going through Karen’s mind but, somehow, I
just knew it did not bode well for Amy and Susan’s comfort.

Boy, was I right!

After we got home Karen headed straight
for the computer leaving me to look after our two houseguests.
I checked on the two leather bound forms and adjusted their headgear by
replacing the gags with smaller ones that had built in feeding tubes they could
suck on. Those allowed me to attach
supply hoses from bags of the combination fluid and nutrient mix I hung over
their heads.

Adjusting the flow to one that they
could easily handle, I tightened the odd strap here and there to make them even
more immoveable. After removing the
blindfolds so that they could see the level in the bags, I made sure each of
them saw me holding up both hands. Ten
fingers meant ten minutes to empty their lunch containers; that was a hard
learned lesson and both girls started sucking and swallowing while breathing
through the stiff rubber nostril inserts.

I rejoined Karen and asked what was
going on but all I got in return was a big grin and a “Wait and see.”

It was two weeks before she got the
message to go and pick up the contraption.
I stayed to look after Susan and Amy and when Karen got back I made sure
they were very secure before going into the living room and watching her unpack
the box. She reminded me of a kid
with a new toy on Christmas morning sitting in the middle of the carpet
surrounded by bits and pieces of metal and pipes in several different lengths.

She seemed to know exactly what went
where and had me hold things while she locked them in place with bolts and a
wrench. Gradually whatever it was
took shape until even stupid me could see it was a version of a kids
teeter-totter or seesaw.

The two tripods or stands were three
feet high and instead of the long plank there were two metal pipes, about six
feet long, that she bolted together until they looked like a ladder.
Several “rungs” held them together and the one in the middle had a
large adjustable socket that fitted over a ball jutting up from the main piece
joining the two stands.

Looking very pleased with herself Karen
asked me to make us a couple of drinks and then explained what she had in mind.
I nearly choked on my drink when she got to the part about the six
dildos!

The whole set up would be marvellously
diabolical but then she was my sister; I loved it.
This was going to take some planning so I got a pad and pencil, a couple
more drinks, and we started listing the things we needed and how to introduce
Susan and Amy to Karen’s idea.

The day before we planned to do the deed
we made sure that both Amy and Susan ate well and were completely hydrated
because the next day, except for a little liquid and mush, they would get
nothing. Karen asked me to make a
trip to our fetish supplier and pickup a couple of packages that would be
waiting for us. I had to fold down
the back seat of my car to get the long, wrapped parcel to fit; the other was
just a square box. As promised, I didn’t ask what they were and resisted
having a peek.

After settling our charges for an almost
comfortable night’s rest Karen and I were enjoying an after dinner liqueur
when, with a huge grin, she asked if I’d like to see the contents of the box.

Silly question!

It contained the dildos and butt plugs
but, after my sister explained how she had asked them to be adapted, I just had
to experience the sensations they would cause.

As it turned out we both tried one of
the dildos while holding on to the contraption; I went first while Karen watched
and, after just a few minutes, didn’t want to stop.
Oh my God, it was fabulous and Karen had to pull me off so she could try.
After what I had been through I convinced her to let me fasten a belt
around her waist for safety’s sake.

It’s lucky I did because she
completely lost her grip in the throes of one of her orgasms and, it was also
lucky the room was soundproof, our nearest neighbours were a mile away but she
would have woken them with her screams of ecstasy.

I didn’t know whether to feel envious
or sorry for Susan and Amy in the morning; we could stop when we’d had enough,
they would not have that option and we had only tried the one dildo!

After breakfast, a substantial one for
us but just a small fruit yoghurt and water for the girls, we had started to
prepare them for the set up. Nearly two hours later they were ready to “be assembled”!

The two leather bound forms lay on their
backs beside the contraption. Well,
really, they were resting mostly on their arms that were forced in the familiar
reverse prayer up between their shoulder blades.
The leather arm binders gave them no leeway at all especially because
several straps also connected them to the heavily boned corsets that encased
them from breasts to buttocks while leaving the crotches open.

The heelless ballet boots were thigh
high and very tightly laced. Karen and I had lots of practice making sure they were crease
free which took some skill with the lacing.
The boots had also been adapted for this occasion.

Severe leather discipline helmets had
gone on the two after we fitted them each with a pair of clear goggles and their
own mouth filling gags; the ones with a threaded hole in the centre.
The helmets had the requisite holes under the nostrils allowing them to
breathe. Instead of gag straps we
laced on boned leather neck corsets that stretched from just under the nostrils
to the top of the corsets. This
kept the head rigidly in line with the body while protecting the throat.

We moved the two helpless forms around
until their feet were about level with the others crotch then, with a grin,
Karen loaded and lubricated one of the butt plugs.
I held Susan’s legs apart while my sister worked the plug deeply inside
and used straps to the corset to hold it in place, then I grabbed Amy’s left
ankle and positioned the toe of the ballet boot against the base of the plug.

A clamp we had attached to the toe of
the boot snapped into a groove around the plug and locked them together.
After installing Amy’s plug Susan’s left foot was placed in the same
position and locked.

Now came the interesting part, we loaded
and then screwed a dildo to the toe of their right boot; there was enough give
in the boots to allow the knees to bend slightly.
That allowed us to position the tips of the toys at the entrances of
their vaginas then, with a quick push down on the knees, the eight inch dildos
slid in to their nests. A strap
around all four legs at the knee and we had spliced Susan and Amy together.

Karen moved the long package over and we
unwrapped it to reveal a heavily stiffened leather sleeve with lacing grommets
down the full length and roller buckled straps every eight or ten inches.

Fifteen minutes later and we had a solid
black leather tube with a head sticking out each end.
We easily lifted our parcel up and on to the “ladder” of the
contraption Karen had built. A
few more straps and they became the plank of our see-saw.

The last two dildos were the regular
type, nicely curved, slightly nubbed and we screwed them firmly into the
threaded holes in the gags. Making sure to keep the girls perfectly level so as not to
spoil the surprise we added the last couple of touches.

Metal handholds screwed down over their
waists and then we snapped tubes in each nostril insert.
These were hard rubber and curved down across each leather covered cheek
to under their ears where the tubes belled open slightly.

Now for the fun part!
Karen and I stripped out of our leather cat suits until we were naked
except for our boots and carefully straddled the dildos protruding upwards from
our victims’ mouths. We were so
hot there was no need for lubrication as the dildos slid inside and we gripped
the hand holds.

Since we were now sitting on their faces
the nostril tubes allowed them to breathe although the view they were getting
through the goggles would not be very inviting.

One, two, three – GO!

Several things happened.
I bent my legs and put all my weight on the dildo coming out of Susan’s
gag causing Karen at the other end, with a little push from her legs, to ride up
until her boots left the floor. She
gasped as the dildo in Amy’s mouth embedded itself even deeper in her most
sensitive region.

As Karen’s end of the leather
“plank” went up Susan’s body went down and the handful of different sized
ball bearings loaded in her hollow butt plugs and dildos rolled down to land in
the knobs.

Reversing the motion caused the same
thing to happen at Amy’s end and we knew, from our experiment last night, that
the sensation as those heavy little metal balls landed in the tips of the toys
was beyond description. And they
had two each inside them.

After a while Karen reached down an
unlocked the latch on the ball socket so that now
we could not only bounce up and down but also move in circles.
And we did until we were close to loosing our grip on the handholds; God
knows what Susan and Amy were feeling or how many times they had come despite the
leather restraints. If the
frequency of my peaking, and Karen’s screams, was any indication they should
be drained.

Getting off their faces we started them
turning slowly like a propeller but also with their heads going up and down as
they rotated; from the way the air was literally whistling through the nostril
tubes those ball bearings were driving them over the edge.

After a while we locked them in the
horizontal position so everyone could get some rest. But the day was young and a few hours
later we were right back enjoying our “Child’s Play”.

15.05.06

o0o
