---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Fast Lane Bondage 2
authors:
- John Roper
tags:
- F/f
- bond
- reluct
- X
---

(story continues from [**Fast Lane Bondage**](fast_lane_bondage.html))

**Part Two**

John’s parties were the best and most interesting I’d ever attended. The
vibes were as good as they get, where the meeting of perfect strangers was
concerned. People from all walks of life filled the tenth floor with a festive
cacophony of base-touching conversation and newfound acquaintance. It was an
honor to co-host, and a joy to witness, from the arrival of the first guest, to
the last departure, which often lingered to first light.

“Sean Dover, meet Dawn Jennings,” introduced John, when the time came to
press the flesh with his best friend.

“My pleasure,” socialized the new man in my life. Our initial eye contact
gave me reason to believe we were also going to be close.

“Likewise,” said I, with a self-deprecating, frivolous curtsy, “I’m
sure.”

“John tells me you’re an aspiring actress?”

We released our handshake and got down to some serious networking.

“Aspiring, being the operative word here,” I confessed.

John added his two cents to get the ball rolling. “In my humble opinion,
Sean’s the best acting teacher in town.”

Within the space of a few days, I found myself on another fateful elevator
ride, heading for the 23rd floor of another old building in midtown. After
greeting me at her tastefully appointed desk, Sean’s assistant led me into a
modestly furnished living room. A ten-minute briefing and question-and-answer
session ensued. What I didn’t know at the time was that she was one of the
four, lying girlfriends who backed up Judy in her quest for unwarranted revenge,
two weeks earlier.

“Wait here,” said Shelly before leaving the room and me alone for the
next few minutes...

John had thoroughly briefed me on what to expect. “He’ll get right into
it with you. If you meld with, and respond positively to his methodology,
he’ll accept you as a student, and expect your best effort at every session.
Be prepared for some highly unorthodox technique.”

His greeting did much to quell my nervousness. “Dawn- good to see you
again.” He could not have been more graciously supportive.

After dispensing with the formalities of getting reacquainted, Sean got down
to it. “Everyone auditions. Yours will be given with Shelly, the assistant who
conducted your initial interview.” He pointed to the door through which
she’d left the room. “She’s in there. You will have ten minutes to
prepare. Your task will be to give her a piece of your mind; tell her how you
feel about her treatment of you, or anything else the situation suggests. The
more intense the better... Any questions?”

“No.”

He smiled a “Good luck,” then turned and headed for the door in question.

“Thanks.” A sudden rush of playful excitement came and went when the door
closed behind him. The clock on the wall read 11:50 AM. At high noon I would be
expected to give the new opportunity my best shot. I’d once read in a book
about acting that there could be no theater without conflict. My recent
altercation with Judy and friends came to mind. I dove right into the recall and
crossed my fingers...

When entering the room, I found myself stage right, on a large, raised
platform. It faced an audience whose faces I could not see, given the blaring
lights that flooded my first formal experience as an actor. A frantic voice,
stage left, broke my concentration, but not my focus.

“Dawn! Thank heaven it’s you.”

I turned to face Shelly’s writhing form. With arms behind and legs
together, she’d been strictly tied to a 50s style, silver-bar-framed, plastic
upholstered chair. At first, I didn’t know what to think, do, or act. Several
turns of rope held her gorgeous figure to the cheesy-looking piece of vintage
memorabilia.

“Don’t just stand there,” she snapped, “untie me.”

That’s when something extraordinary possessed me, and I heard myself say,
“Shut up, stupid. Who do you think you’re talking to?”

She flushed with suspended astonishment. “But...”

“Put a sock in it,” I spat as I stepped into the scene to give the new
character in my life a piece of my mind. “Do you think we’re here like this
by accident. I’ve been setting you up for weeks. Thought you could put me out
to dry, did you?”

“Dawn?” An uneasy truth took hold of Shelly’s improvised madness.
“What are you saying?” She was also unaware of who I was.   A
livid countenance overtook what was left of my nervousness, affecting a tone of
voice I’d never heard before.

“Judy told me everything. Now it’s your turn to catch it.”

Shelly stared up at my stern but steady demeanor, squirmed a bit in her
unyielding predicament, and gave me her best shot. “I don’t know what
you’re talking about.” But something deep down inside of her did.

I walked slowly and menacingly behind her. “That’s it? That’s all you
have to say?” It was. “OK, have it your way.” With that, I walked upstage
to the assortment of props and furniture Sean had collected for scene study
classes. A sponge and a towel caught my eye. I brought them back to the chair
and Shelly’s perplexed expression. “Sure you don’t want to change your
mind?”

The next few scene beats bristled with diametric body language. A handy glass
of water softened the sponge, which was soon stuffed into the liar’s mouth,
and held in place by the tightly tied dishtowel. There were also a few lengths
of clothesline on the floor, which I used to make Shelly’s situation a good
deal more taxing. I was amazed at how much I’d picked up from John in the way
of binding technique. ‘I can’t believe I’m doing this.’

I then reached into my bag for the cell phone, and pretended to punch in a
number... “Hi, it’s me. She won’t talk... Sounds like a plan. See you
there in ten.”

After bagging the phone, I grabbed a fistful of chest ropes and brought my
nose up to within an inch of Shelly’s. “Maybe a few hours of stringent
incapacitation will soften your resolve,” I whispered before giving her a cold
stare, turning, and leaving the room, stage right. The slamming door snapped me
out of ‘character.’ After taking a deep breath, I opened it and stepped back
onto the platform. “Is that enough?” I asked into the blinding lights. They
dimmed slowly. An audience, made up of dummies, with wide smiles painted onto
their canvas faces, stared back at me. A quick scan revealed that Shelly and I
were the only real people in the room.

“Sean?”

My cellular signaled. “...Yes?”

“Hi, beautiful. It’s John. How’s it going?”

A few, very strange seconds passed. “Uh, I don’t know...”

“Sean told me to call at 12:10. Are you still doing the scene?”

“No.”

“Did Sean thank you for auditioning?”

I scoped the room again. “No.” It was still empty.

“Then congratulations are in order.”

I didn’t know what the hell he was talking about. “I don’t get it.”

“I’ll explain later. How about we do lunch?”

“Great. Where are you?”

The stage left door opened, and in walked John on his cellular. “Right
here.”

I smiled, punched out mine, and walked quickly to our next passionate hug.
“Oh- you.”

“C’mon, I know a great Italian place right around the corner,” said the
man I loved as he steered me through the door.

“But what about...”

“We’ll undo her later. She’s got an acting lesson to ponder.”

“But...”

“Trust me.”

After ordering lunch at Mario’s, John spilled the proverbial beans.
“That’s why I picked you up on stage. We wanted Shelly to put all the pieces
together. I was the last puzzle part. Your fortuitous use of Judy’s name in
the audition was another.”

We took our time, got high on wine, had two cups of coffee with dessert, and
walked leisurely back to Sean’s. Upon our arrival, he ushered us into the
school’s video control room. Another scene was in progress in the dummy room.
Shelly was still gagged and bound to the chair. Another actress was into the
15th minute of her audition.

None of us said a word as we witnessed the event on a 60-inch monitor. I
couldn’t help but wonder what might have come down, in real life, between
Shelly and the new actress in her scene. I also wondered how my scene would have
gone had I known what part Shelly had played in Judy’s deception. ‘For sure,
I would have tied the ropes and knots a lot tighter.’

Though nothing was said, an aura of camaraderie surrounded our control room
fellowship, giving me reason to believe both Sean and John were thinking the
same thing: ‘Two down, three to go.’

I sure as hell was.

[continues in
Part 3](fast_lane_bondage3.html)

14.01.04

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!

story continues in [**Fast Lane Bondage 3**](fast_lane_bondage3.html)

o0o
