---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: What You See is Not Always What You Get Part 3
authors:
- Captain Lance
tags:
- M-f
- zentai
- catsuit
- latex
- hoods
- boxed
- encased
- cement
- entomb
- toys
- mast
- sex
- cons
- X
date: 2011-01-09 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**What You See is Not Always What You Get Part 2**](whatyouseeisnotalwayswhatyouget2.html))

Part Three

Our last date was certainly a major step forward in the realm of kink for us both. I had a hard time trying to think of how Dee was going to top that one, but somehow, I knew that eventually she would.

The next Friday evening the phone rang. Dee called and asked me to come over tomorrow, and bring some carpentry tools as she had something that needed to be done with wood. Not a problem, I told her. I would be there at 10AM.

Saturday came; I drove to her home with tools in tow. Once inside the house, she had a large drawing laid out on the kitchen table. Viewing it, it seemed simple enough, a long rectangular box with a lid and two dividers inside. "Easy", I said. "What is it for? It’s kind of big for storage."

"No, it’s just right, I did the measurements myself. 66 inches long, 24 inches wide, and 21 inches high."

"OK then, what are you going to store in it?" I asked.

"Well, it sort of a packing box for shipping, and a storage box, for ME..." she exclaimed.

"Funny," I laughed.

"Not really, it’s a fact. I am going to be packed, shipped, and delivered to your house in this. The dividers you see on the plan are to keep my neck and head in place, and my ankles fastened down." she factually portrayed. "They slide down on these built in tracks which are kept tightly fastened by the lid pressing down on them. That way, I cannot move or be thrown around in shipping and get hurt".

I asked her what would she do for air... assuming that this was not just a fantasy. She told me that she would have a mouthpiece from a snorkel in her mouth with a rubber hose that went outside the box through a fitting to allow fresh air inside.. It seemed possible, but why??

"Objectification" she said. "I always saw myself as an object to be used for a strong man’s pleasure, nothing more. If he wished to dispose of me, he could simply pack me away in a corner somewhere, or ship me to someone else for their amusement". With that, she went to the den and returned with the mouthpiece that she had fashioned from scuba parts. "See, it works" she added.

Nodding me head, "yes", we went to my van and drove to the home store. A few sheets of plywood, some hinges, bolts, a handle, and some structural wood and we were ready to go. Back at her home, we set up in the garage. I cut the plywood to her specs, cut some framing for the corners, and started to assemble it. As she saw the box becoming a reality, it was obvious that she was becoming very aroused.

I attached the top to the box with a long piano type hinge, and began to set the hinge to close correctly. Dee immediately asked to hop in, just to test it out. I agreed, why not? As she lay down, I closed the lid, blocking all light out. Her reaction was immediate. I could hear her moaning with delight as she was obviously masturbating herself in the darkened container. Being a nice guy, I stopped work until I heard her sighs subside. I hoped that she had finished her orgasm, it surely sounded like a great one! As I opened the lid, I saw her lying there, covered in sweat, and breathing very deeply. Yes, it was a good one, I thought to myself.

I marked the locations of the slides, and drew paper patterns of the dividers that would contact her neck and ankles, holding them close and tightly to the bottom of the case. She lay there as I finished cutting the dividers out of the plywood, and slid them down the channels that I had fastened to the insides of the case. They touched her throat and ankles as desired; she had no room to move them at all. Shutting the lid again, she tried to move, but was absolutely not able to do so. The dividers held her tightly with no escape possible. She got out, although reluctantly, and watched as I fitted the air fitting to the upper edge of the headboard of the case. The breathing hose would fit onto this allowing for outside air to enter.

We finished about 2PM, and went in for lunch. We talked about what we would do for a preliminary test. She said we should try encasing her in the box overnight, to get used to it for long-term shipping. I thought that she would lie in the box; I would close the lid and then come back tomorrow to let her out.

Not exactly a fun night for me, but it made her excited, so it was OK.

After lunch, she disappeared into her room and came back attired in a shiny, wet-look bright blue Zentai suit. The suit has only one very small opening for her mouth, nothing else. She stood before me, with only her head exposed with the attached hood lying on her neck. "OK, here is the deal. When you zip me into the suit, I will not be able to see. This second latex hood will go on first, it will insure total darkness before my entombment, and hopefully protect my eyes from any leakage of the mixture through the suit. This steel boned neck corset will hold my head perfectly straight, so that I cannot try to move around as the cement sets. The thick leather of it should protect my throat from being crushed... I hope! You must be fully informed as to what my disposition is to be.," she said.

"Once I am encased in the box, with my breathing tube hooked up, you will open those bags that are under the tarpaulin in the corner. Pour the contents into the box, after you have finished mixing them as directed covering me and shut the lid tightly and lock it. Understand?"

I affirmed her request, although it sounded a bit crazy. She looked so sexy standing there. I took the latex hood that she had in her hand and fitted it to her head; it covered completely, with only a small hole to breath through. As the latex hood was zipped tight, her reaction was immediate and predictable, it turned her on at once, her breathing became rapid and shallow. I then zipped her suits attached hood up over her head. Next, the thick black leather neck corset was wrapped around her beautiful neck, and I pulled the laces as tight as they could possible go. I saw that the extreme tightness was limiting her ability to breath, but it was also getting her even hotter than before. The corset was very tall, it reached from just under her ears to her shoulders and any movement was impossible.

I inserted her mouthpiece, and stood back to gaze at her. Every inch was covered, from head to toe. Looking at her crotch, I could see a round object protruding from under the suit. She stood there absolutely quiet. Then, she pointed to a small remote device on the table. "Push the button," she mumbled from within the suit. I took it up, and pushed it. At once, the unmistakable sound of a powerful dildo vibrator broke the silence. She reacted at once and began to quiver. After a few seconds, I pushed it again, shutting it off. "Not so fast, babe, " I said. "Pleasure comes later when I say so."

"Yes. Master", was her reply.

I helped her into her box and slid the dividers down, locking her into an inescapable position. I walked over to the tarp and removed it. Under it laid several bags of "Quick set patio brick aggregate". A note had been clipped to the top bag. It read: "Darling, please honor my request, pour each bag into my encasement, sprinkle it and mix it well with water, then repeat until the box is filled to the top. Lock the box and come back tomorrow at noon to cut me free. I suggest a piece of wire that I have on top of the bags, be laid on top of my body to be used as a knife to rip the mixture loose in order to extricate me. I would also appreciate it if you would turn my vibrator on as you are cementing me in, so that I don’t get too scared at what is happening to me."

I was a bit shocked at what I was about to take part in, but it did sound very kinky and certainly edgy, to be sure. To add a bit of kink that I enjoyed, I decided to show her one of my favorite kinks. I returned to the box, stood next to her head, and began to speak to her about her journey. I tried my best to frighten her, and it seemed to be working, and that was turning me on seeing the power that I held over her. I dropped my jeans to the floor and held my cock over the edge of the box and started to rub my cock, it got rock hard at once just seeing the peril Dee had placed herself into willingly. She could not see through latex hood and the cloth of the Zentai, so my narrative had to suffice. She murmured to me "Go for it, baby, jerk off on my face, please!"

Certainly, I wanted to please her, so I did just that, covering her face with my white spunk.

"Thank you, baby. I want to smell your cum on my face all the time I am in here," she said.

With that, I began the task of emptying each bag of mix onto her body; I added water as directed and returned for the next bag. The entire process took about an hour; I tried my best to cover every part of her body except for her face. I wanted to save that for last, and give her the best fright and thrill I could. I made sure that the extrication wire was lying over the ends of the box, and mixed the final bag of mixture up in the large bucket. I made sure it was extra soupy.

Bending over her nearly covered body, I looked into her covered eyes, and spoke to her in a soothing tone. "Dee, you are nearly covered in cement mix. Your body is not visible at all, only your face and rest of your head remain. I will now cover them, filling the box to its limit. You are being buried alive in your own sarcophagus. When you are covered, there is no return possible. I will not be able to hear you. You will be entirely alone, and with the lid locked shut, no escape will ever be possible. Also, I cannot promise that I will ever return to free you, nor any guarantee that the setting cement won’t crush your chest, or press your throat closed leaving you without air.. I may also decide to leave you here for eternity as my own personal mummy".

Dee was getting visibly frightened, exactly as I wanted. I figured that if the scene were too controlled by her, she would not get the full impact of it. I was right! I then picked the bucket up, and slowly poured it all over her head, and face. She was now entombed in her cement prison.

I slammed the lid closed, so that she would be sure to hear it, and placed a pencil in the hasp to keep the lid closed. Certainly, no need for a lock here!

I placed my ear next to the breathing tube outlet, she was doing just fine. Her breaths were a bit fast, but she was surely excited. I had mixed the cement/sand mixture very dry so that in emergency, it could be broken very fast and easily. The only hard mix was the bucket full that covered her head, I definitely wanted a good effect of encasement, and I thought that I had gotten it. With that, I clicked the vibrator back off to allow her to let the moment to sink in. I took the remote and read the panel completely, it was programmable. I decided to set it to go on for about 10 minutes every hour, just to keep her turned on enough to be crazed, but not enough to be satisfied. I found an old chair in the garage and settled back for a while to monitor Dee’s plight, I wanted to make sure that she wasn’t in any trouble before settling in for the night. I was wondering what was going through her mind, as she lay there, immobile, encased, and totally helpless...

Gee, I’ve only known him for three months, and already I’m giving him access to my inner most thoughts and fantasies. Sure, we have had lots of kinky fun so far, and a lot of wonderful intimate moments as well, but this one may be a bit over the edge, not to say that being nearly drowned in garbage was something to laugh about...

I still find it hard to believe that I was willing to let go of my self as long as he held me in his arms and succumb to the rising goo. Oh well, it’s now or never, I guess. Damm, I do look good in this blue Zentai suit, too bad that my ex bought it for me and won’t get to appreciate it. His loss! This remote control dildo vibrator is getting me all wet already, and it isn’t even turned on yet... can’t wait till it hits high gear! Better take a latex hood along; I don’t want to get any cement in my eyes that would really suck. Oh yes, the new neck corset should be fun too, it’s a bit small, but the constriction of my breathing should only make the scene better. I think I’ll try out the remote on the way down the stairs; just to be sure it works... WOW, this thing is unbelievable. It is rattling my whole body, better turn it off before I cum...

Hmm, the box looks very foreboding now that I stand here and look at it. It’s hard to believe that I will soon be encased in concrete inside of the box... I wonder if this is the right thing to do? What if he does not let me out... that would suck, dying in that box. No water, no food, and slowly starving and dehydrating. He has already said that he might not let me out, and keep me as his private mummy.

Somehow, that frightens the hell out of me, but it gets me very hot too... the unknown always got me so crazy... Especially walking into a dangerous situation voluntarily... Oh crap, let’s go for it!

Well, the latex hood works as planned.. It’s super tight on my head, and it makes me totally blind. No light at all is coming in... I just melt when he takes control of me, no matter what is happening to me... I can feel the zipper on the suit’s hood closing, it doesn’t make a lot of difference to me, I can’t see anything at all.

The neck corset is a lot tighter than I thought it would be, I am having trouble getting enough air just standing here. It’s so tight, but it is getting my pussy dripping wet too... Maybe he will make it even tighter... The mouthpiece fits well, I can hold it in my mouth with no problems, at least that is good. He is lifting me into the box and commanding me to sit down.... now to lay down... Am I sealing my fate?... The box is tighter fitted than I thought it would be. The dividers are really doing their job, I cannot move anything, guess this is it.. No backing out now, not that he would let me! He is really screwing with my head, he just told me again that he may let me stay here for ever, and not let me out, I think he might mean it... I am so frightened, I need to pee, but I can’t...

I can hear him mixing the stuff up now...he is humming a song I think.. It’s hard to hear.. Is he really happy to be burying me in my own garage in concrete? Oh Shit, I think I fucked up this time... I can’t move a muscle! Oh crap, that stuff is cold... my legs feel like ice fell on them... and heavy...my stomach is crushing.. So heavy and so cold too...OHHH boy, the vibrator is kicking in, thank God... I feel the level of the cement rising and filling in all around me... under my back, my legs... my arms... My chest is covered, I can feel it slowly settling and becoming much more dense as it settles.... The vibrator is marvelous. The cement between my legs is pushing it further inside of me... nice!... I feel the concrete filling in around the sides and top of my head, he is pouring it very slowly, nothing is on my face yet...

I am very frightened, the end is almost near. .... What if he plugs my air tube up?....MY ears are covered and my chin too....I am panicking... My lungs ache... I feel the divider on my ankles being pulled out!... I can move my legs a small bit... but the weight is so intense it is very difficult to do so... He just told me that he is going to pull the neck divider out... and that the concrete on my chest will flow over my head quickly as the rest of the box is filled to the top... I try to scream "NO", but nothing comes out... I hear the divider sliding up!..... I feel the wave of cement flowing over my mouth...my nose is covered too.... my cheeks.... it stops!. He tells me that he has a bucket of cement next to him and that he is going to pour it all right on my face and that I am to be his mummy forever and that he is going to lock me into this box as soon as he has filled it up. Oh No, I feel the weight on my face ... my eyes... so heavy... so quiet now... OH! The box slammed close...Oh no.........

I lay back in my chair, fantasizing about Dee and I, and what I will do with her when she emerges from her cocoon. I just love fucking with her mind and giving her a real ride for her money. I always figured that if she controlled the scenario 100% it would not be fun. So better to mix it up a bit, right?

Damm, I’ve been in here for some time now... I can’t move anything at all, and it’s getting rather warm too... I guess the concrete is curing, I recall reading that it gets hot when it dries. I must be in a rock solid block now... Oh Crap! It’s right.. I can’t even move my fingers anymore, they are stuck solid.. Now what??

Ooh, the vibrator again... what blessed relief, too bad it does not run long enough to get me off, it just keeps me crazy, that bastard!

The pressure on my body is unbelievable, but at least my throat is still OK, thanks to the neck corset. It’s getting hard to stay awake, maybe it’s late, or maybe I am hyperventilating...I am also sweating like a bull.. It’s getting really hot in here. Must be a hundred degrees at least. Wish I had some water, I’m really thirsty, Damm, I have to pee so bad it hurts. Guess it doesn’t matter any more...I might as well let it go next time the vibrator turns on. But then...

I checked my watch, it was 8AM, I must have fallen asleep early last night. I checked the air tube, she was still OK, breathing was steady... I thought I heard snoring too.. Hmm, must not be too bad in there. I got up and opened the lid of the box. I tapped on the filling- it was hard as rock!. Getting her out may be some trouble. I grabbed the ends of the safety wires that I had laid in the box prior to filling it. I twisted a small piece of broomstick around each end to act as a handle and pulled with all my might. The cement broke in several parts as the wires sliced through it. Lucky it takes a few days to dry completely!

Carefully using my hands I worked on removing the pieces around her head first. It was not as easy as I hoped, but it was working. As soon as I saw her hooded face, I called out to her, and removed her breathing tube. She gasped a few times and told me how much she loved me... and asked for some water, which I carefully let her sip. An hour later, I had enough of the cement removed to lift her out of her concrete encasement. Helping her stand up, I removed both of her hoods, allowing her to see the light for the first time in 24 hours.

She was crazed from the experience; the vibrator had driven her to the brink so many times that she was soaking wet. Her Zentai was stained gray with concrete, and her face was wet, sticky, and pale from the night’s adventure. She threw her arms around me and kissed me like a teenager, we were so incredibly aroused that I grabbed at her crotch, ripped her suit open, pulled the vibrator from her pussy and slammed the lid on the box closed. I pushed her onto the lid and spent the morning ravishing her. When we were both spent, we made our way to the bath, started a nice hot shower and as we washed each other clean, discussed the next adventure she had concocted.

But, that’s PART#4
