---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/the_slave.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Slave - Day 5
authors:
- Wallace
tags:
- FF/f
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2002-08-26 00:00:00
---

8
8
The Slave (Day Five)
by Wallace

This is odd. In some ways
it parallels Jenny’s “Why we do it”, but it’s been rattling around in my
head for weeks. Honest Jenny, it really has. It’s an excerpt from something
that will, eventually, be a lot larger but this seemed as good a time as
any to give it an airing.

THE SLAVE
(DAY FIVE)

FRIDAY JULY 19th – 7.00 AM.

Bill Rodgers and Sheila Wilson
walked up the enormous curved sweep of the open, chrome and glass ballustraded,
Art Deco stairs together. He dressed in black cords and a black short-sleeved
shirt. She in a white tunic like shift that came to about half way above
the knee and was belted at the waist with a gold cord, there was gold embroidery
at the neck, the short sleeves and the hem. She wore gold sandals with
toe posts and her make up was dramatic; she had used dark shadow on her
eyelids, and a very pale foundation. Her lips were gold and her eyebrows
were neatly plucked and very black. She had drawn a black line from the
corner of each eye, extending about half way to each ear, to give her face
an Ancient Egyptian look. Her finger and toenails were the same colour
as her lip-gloss, metallic gold.

They stopped on the first
floor and stood in front of the huge window that ran from ground to roof
and looked out onto the bright, sunny, flower filled gardens outside. He
took her hand and kissed her lightly on the lips.

“You look nice” He said,
“Strange, but nice.”

Sheila touched the hem of
the shift.

“And where did this come
from?” She asked, performing a small twirl.

He kissed her again.

“Theatrical costumiers, Berman
and Nathan’s, I think. Sally picked it up with the rest in Soho last night.”

“That’s probably not all
she picked up in bloody Soho!” Said Sheila acidly, grinning as she said
it. He kissed her on the nose.

“Oi you, mind my makeup,
it took ages,” But she didn’t pull away from him. He hugged her closer
and kissed her once again. His eyes narrowed.

“Are you wearing anything
under there?” He asked, as he explored her back with his hands.

“That’s for me to know and
you to find out...buthter!” She said, showering him with spit and gripping
an imaginary carrot. He didn’t bother to tell her that Daffy Duck didn’t
eat carrots; they had been through it all before. He kissed her again.
Despite the smile on his face, which he always seemed to have when they
were together, he was concerned. Sheila knew only the very barest bones
of the scene that was about to unfold before her. She knew it had an Egyptian
theme, but she had no idea of what was going to happen to Sarah on her
last official day of “slavery”.

“Sheila…are you sure you
can do  this?” He asked quietly. Sheila looked at him for some time.

“Well I’ve gone along with
everything else her warped imagination’s come up with so far haven’t I?”
He nodded and held her face in his hands.

“You have, but this is different,
it’s her finale, if you like, and it’s quite intense.”

Sheila thought for a moment,

“Linda’s big production number.
Does she sing and dance?” He slapped her playfully on the rump and she
cuddled against him.” Where’s Sarah?” She asked kissing his cheek.

“She’s downstairs with her
two “handmaidens”, they should be here quite soon.” His hands were now
on her bottom. She pressed herself closer to him.

“How many times have I told
you not to start something you can’t finish?” It seemed as if he could
feel every contour of her body against him. "And where’s her Ladyship?”
She whispered in his ear.

“She’s in there already with
Sally,” Sheila raised her eyebrows. He answered her unspoken question,
“ She got here about half an hour ago. She’s the High Priestess,” He could
feel Sheila’s hand wandering toward the front of his trousers. She kissed
his neck.

“And what am I exactly?”

 He shuddered as she
slipped her tongue into his ear.

“You’re a handmaiden,” He
said, a trifle breathlessly.

“A handmaiden!” She pulled
away from him and straightened up, “What, like those two silly cows downstairs?”

“ Mmm,” He murmured, “I had
a feeling you weren’t going to like it.” She looked at him with eyes like
gimlets, but said nothing.

“Sheila,” He began, as reasonably
as he could. But Sheila was looking down at her feet, scuffing one sandal
against the carpet. She turned her face up towards him.

“All right,” She said softly,
“I’ve gone along with everything else, so I might as well go along with
this…it’s not going to kill me.” She paused, and smiled at him. She was
slightly nervous and unsure. Some of the things that had happened to Sarah
in the last four days had shocked and, she had to admit to herself, excited
her. Sarah, for her part, had taken it all in her stride. Even during the
anal vibrator set piece there had been a smile on her face, eventually.
Slightly concerned by Bill’s expression she said weakly and jokingly, “It’s
not is it?”

He laughed.

“No of course it’s not!”
He looked at her thoughtfully. “But you might feel like it will for a while.”
She put her head to one side and looked at him quizzically. Before she
could say anything else they both heard footfalls on the stairs below them.

Chrissie and Rosie, dressed
like Sheila in white embroidered shifts belted, at the waists, and gold
sandals, their faces heavily made up, were leading Sarah, who wore a plain
floor length white shift, up the stairs. Her hands were bound behind her
with gold cord and she was barefoot. Her eyes were covered with white silk
and so was her mouth.

They led her carefully and
gently by the upper arms. They both looked unbelievably perky for that
hour of the morning. Chrissies long blonde hair was tied in a ponytail
that bobbed about behind her, Rosie’s short burgundy coloured hair was
shiny and newly dyed. Sheila noticed that both girls were gagged with thick
white leather straps that buckled behind their heads. Despite that both
of them wore big smiles visible even behind the gags.

“I s’pose they did that themselves,”
She whispered.

Bill nodded and grinned.

“You know they love doing
it to each other.”

Sheila looked up at him.

“And I s’pose I’m going to
get the same,” She said, her brown eyes big and wide.

He looked at her earnestly.
He was relieved she had agreed to take part because, although a third “hand
maiden” wasn’t essential, both Linda and Sarah had wanted her to be present,
but she if she baulked at being gagged, then there was nothing he could
do.

“That’s what Linda said in
her notes, she wants three SILENT handmaidens.”

Sheila looked at him with
a grin,

“Well, I don’t suppose she
expected ME to be a handmaiden at the time, did she?” Bill grinned at her
self-insight. But he knew that Linda had ALWAYS wanted Sheila involved.
They might be always arguing, they might appear to be at each other’s throats,
but Sheila was Linda’s best friend and Linda only wanted people involved
whom she knew and whom she could trust, Sally and even Bill himself, had
expressed concern, at the regular “production meetings” they had held in
Linda’s comfortable open plan flat, that Sheila, being Sheila, might not
accept some of the things that she would see and experience. So far they
had been wrong.

The three girls had stopped
at the top of the stairs and Rosie and Chrissie were watching them expectantly.
Sheila turned round and leaned against him. She tilted her head backwards
to look into his eyes.

“Go on then,” She sighed,
“Do your worst!”

From his pocket he took a
wide, white leather strap with two smaller straps at either end of it,
one with a buckle attached. On the inside was a thick flattish piece of
white rubber that looked similar to the end of a shoehorn. He showed it
to Sheila,

“You’ll be able to breathe
through your mouth but this will hold your tongue down so you can’t speak.
The girls wore theirs for four hours the other night and they were fine.”

Sheila said nothing, but
there was a lot of doubt on her face. He stroked her short brown hair and
kissed her cheek.

“Ready?” He asked. Reluctant
at first, she finally nodded and opened her mouth wide for him.

As he held the white gag
in front of her open mouth he felt a little shiver of excitement run up
his spine. Sheila pressed herself hard against him. He eased the attachment
between her lips and held the strap against her mouth. He could feel his
excitement building. His hands shook slightly as he held the gag in place.
Sheila was pressing even further into him. He wanted to let go of the gag
and do up the buckle, but something was stopping him.

 Sheila began to undulate
her bottom against the front of his trousers. Gagging Sheila in the past
had never caused him to have an erection, but he had one now. He couldn’t
let go of the gag. Sheila was beginning to struggle and make little noises.
She was still staring up at him. Their eyes locked and he knew then that
she was as excited as he was and he suspected that neither of them really
knew why.

Or perhaps they did.

 He had a vague feeling
in the back of his mind that this was about power. Both his and hers. Sheila’s
hands were free. She could stop him if she wanted to. The moment he saw
her raise a hand to her mouth he would let go. But she didn’t raise her
hands. In fact he could feel one moving caressingly between his legs.

Sheila was making soft low
grunting noises and wriggling her body against him. He wanted to reach
down with his free hand. He wanted to reach down and pull up her shift
and…

He tore his eyes away from
hers and saw Rosie and Chrissie staring at him with eyes that were even
wider than usual. Coming to his senses he quickly removed his hand and
buckled the gag firmly in place. He felt one of Sheila’s legs moving and
he spun her round before she could kick him. He pulled her close to him
again, kissed her on her gagged mouth, took her in his arms and said, “I’m
sorry” very quietly.

She looked at him her eyes
full of emotion and for a moment he thought that, for some reason, she
was going to cry, but she recovered her composure, gave him a light kick
on the shin with her sandaled foot and wrapped her arms around him. They
held each other for a short time and then he looked at her questioningly.

“Ready?” She shrugged her
shoulders and raised her arms slightly, which he took to mean that she
was as ready as she would ever be. Rosie and Chrissie moved forward, still
holding the uncomplaining and sightless Sarah by her arms, holding her
head and high and trying, it seemed, to look around her, the way people
without sight seem to do. “You walk in front and remember, if you don’t
know what to do, just stay where you are, the girls know the script and
they’ll guide you. Oh, and if you’re ordered to something… do it!” She
looked at him defiantly.

Sometimes he worried that
he was becoming dominant, something which he devoutly did not want to happen.
To him tying Sheila up was a game. A game they both enjoyed. When they
were playing they were, in his eyes, like a couple of children. A couple
of children let loose in a sweet shop doing whatever they wanted, but there
were rules. There were things that Sheila did not want him to do and they
meshed almost exactly with the things that he would not do to her, anal
play being one and any form of physical pain another.

As someone who had suffered
from blinding, debilitating and painful migraines since childhood, Sheila
didn’t find pain to be at all stimulating. Strangely the migraines had
disappeared quite soon after they had met, but she maintained, when they
were alone together, and sometimes when they weren’t, that the pains in
her head had been replaced by one long continuous pain in the arse. He
didn’t have to be genius to work it out.

If they were alone, she would
normally find herself being gagged for that remark, but it was because
she wanted to be, because she was playfully goading him into it, not because
he was imposing his will on hers.

Whenever he found himself
worrying about dominance, a few minutes with Sheila would soon bring him
down to earth. What they were doing now was restoring the status quo.

“Please?” He asked, “For
Sarah?” Trying hard to stop a note of desperation creeping into his voice
he looked at her intently. Sheila stared back at him, and then her eyes
brightened and she gripped his hand for a second. As satisfied as he could
be, he kissed her on the cheek and walked away from her and the girls.
The strange procession followed him towards the door of the dining room.

Bill opened the door and
stood to one side. When Sheila entered the room she stopped and stared
in amazement.

The beautiful, circular Art
Deco room had been stripped bare. It was sombre and silent. There was no
light coming from the big, rounded, picture window and she assumed that
the blinds must be drawn against the July sun. There was a sweet smelling
white mist everywhere, a mist that made vision difficult. As she recovered
and began to move forward an eerie kind of music began to fill the room.
A continuous, low, electronic gonging sound. Her sandaled feet made flip
flopping noises on the floor. Even the carpets were gone. She was walking
on polished wood.

She became aware of something
else. Despite the warmth outside it was decidedly chilly. Wearing only
the light cotton shift she could feel Goosebumps forming on her arms and
legs.

Dotted around the walls and
about three feet from them at regular intervals, stood long wrought iron
candleholders that each held three candles. There must have been at least
fifty of them in all, all lit and burning brightly, throwing shadows onto
the walls and the ceiling. The flames danced as if in a breeze, the room
seemed to be getting colder.

Sheila now noticed that the
walls of the dining room had changed. No longer white, no longer hung with
framed prints, they now appeared to be made from blocks of sandstone with
sandstone columns spaced out along their lengths.  The whole atmosphere
was unreal and it took her several seconds to realise that what she was
looking at were not real walls but boards of free standing scenery, painted
to look like the inner walls of a temple. They reached from the floor,
where they stood on wooden feet, all the way to the unusually high ceiling.

At the far end, and lengthwise
to it, stood a high ornate gilded table with figures of cats carved into
the legs. It had no top, only canvas straps at regular intervals. Forward
from the table was a golden chair with straps of golden leather attached
to it. Like the table, the front legs had been fashioned into the shape
of cats, the back legs and part of the backrest were formed by human figures
with long eared cats heads.

Another long and ornate gilded
table stretched just behind the chair and almost to the curving window
used to be. On top of it was the bottom half of what could only be a large
wooden sarcophagus. The top half stood upright to the left of the table
on a frame. It looked exactly like the gilded and brightly covered lid
of the sarcophagus of Tutankhamen, the boy king of Egypt. She remembered
being taken to the exhibition at the British Museum on a school trip. She
must have been about nine at the time, but she still remembered.

Bill had taken up a position
near to the gold chair; he motioned Sheila to keep walking until she was
only a few feet away from him. She stopped and turned her head; she looked
at him and made a noise that sounded like gasp. At the head end of the
sarcophagus were two enormous gilded statues, each about seven feet high,
one on either side. At the foot end stood one more.

They were statues of a man.
A man with the head of a jackal. Anubis, the son of Osiris, who guided
souls to the underworld for judgement. Sheila could only assume that they,
like everything else in the room, were props from the back lot of some
film studio or other. She wondered how Linda had got hold of them, she
wondered, Sheila being Sheila and having the kind of mind that would not
simply accept things, what studio they had come from, Pinewood? Shepperton?
Elstree? The BBC at Ealing even?

Chrissie and Rosie walked
the still blindfolded Sarah towards the golden chair. When they reached
it they helped her to kneel a few feet from it and then withdrew. They
took up positions on either side of Sheila and clasped her hands tightly
in theirs. She looked from one to the other and thought she detected slight
smirks on both their faces. She took a deep breath and looked in the same
direction as them, the place in the scenery, halfway down to the right,
where the door to the kitchen had been.

As her vision focused she
saw several blocks of sandstone begin to move. There was a hidden door
in the scenery. When the door opened fully, a figure appeared, there was
another figure behind it visible only in shadow. The first figure moved
silently into the room, the second remained framed in the doorway.

Puzzled at first, Sheila
recognised the short plump figure of Sally as she came towards her. She
wore a long white shift that reached her ankles, belted at the waist and
embroidered with gold like hers. She wore gold sandals with high heels
and her dark hair was piled high on top of her head and held in place with
a decorated gold headband. In her left hand she carried an incense burner,
in her right a golden ankh about six feet long.

From his vantage point at
the far end of the room Bill watched her move gracefully toward Sarah,
her obviously free breasts wobbling slightly as she did so, but he didn’t
concentrate on Sally, his eyes were moving all the time, going from one
handmaiden to another, then to Sarah and then back again. Watching for
any signs of distress. Watching for the three long blinks that would tell
him that they wanted to leave, or, in Sarah’s case, listening for the three
short grunts that would mean, effectively, that the whole scene was over.

None of the unblindfolded
girls moved their eyes at all. Their gaze appeared to be transfixed on
the figure in the doorway. Sally stopped and put down the incense burner.
She stood behind Sarah and touched her lightly on the head, and then she
knelt and whispered something in her ear. Sarah nodded but made no sound.
Sally turned towards the doorway.

“The supplicant is ready
Mighty One!" She said, the words sounding strange in her slightly husky
Welsh accent. Bill shook his head in relief. Whenever they had practised
that line Sally had dissolved into giggles, but now she said it with a
straight face.  Sheila turned her head, her eyes boring into him with
an unspoken question, he knew exactly what the question was, she had asked
it every night that week.  He held her gaze for a short time and then
turned his attention to the figure in the doorway. It began to move. It
moved slowly and deliberately, placing one foot carefully in front of the
other, back straight, head held high.

As it moved further into
the room and the light from the candles began to illuminate it, it became
obvious that the figure was Linda Hutton, former dominatrix, turned reluctant
actress in television adverts, turned web mistress.  But Linda Hutton
as she had never been seen before, or would probably ever be seen again
for that matter.

If Sheila’s jaw had been
able to drop, then it would have done. Where everyone else in the room,
with the exception of Bill, was dressed in white, the minimal clothing
that Linda wore was silver. Sparkling silver.

Resting on the curve of her
hips and several inches from her naval, in which sat a red jewel, was a
silver lame thong that tied at the sides. Around her large, but not man-made
breasts, was a silver lame halter, two small triangles that left them almost
bare and that tied at the back and the neck. Around her shoulders and held
in place by a silver chain with a jewelled clasp was a floor length silver
cloak. There was a jewelled silver choker around her neck and silver amulets,
also jewelled, on her wrists. There were two more jewelled silver bands
around the muscles of her upper arms. Her hands were encased in silver
elbow length gloves.

On her feet were open toed
silver boots, laced at the front, which reached to just below her knees.
They had five inch pencil thin heels. Her long waist length dark hair was
piled high on the top of her head, like Sally’s. Two curved wisps had been
allowed to fall on either side of her face, just in front of her ears.
A tapering silver headpiece sat on her head, holding her hair in place.
Her skin glistened strangely in the flickering candlelight and for the
first time Sheila realised why. Linda was dressed in silver but every visible
inch of her skin, from forehead to toes, was painted gold.

Her arms and hands were gold,
her legs and feet were gold, her breasts were gold and her face was gold.
Gold and shiny, sparkling in the light. Her eyebrows appeared to be painted
on in black. She had the same black lines running from the corners of her
eyes that the others had, but where their lips and their fingers and toenails
were gold, Linda’s were red, a bright polished crimson.

She looked strangely like
Nefertiti, the wife of Ahkenaten, King Amenhotep IV of Egypt. Or perhaps
not so strangely because Bill and Linda had spent a lot of time poring
through reference books and annoying various search engines on the Internet
for information on ancient Egypt, some of which they had used, some of
which they had discarded completely and some of which they had modified
with their own ideas.

Linda was gold. Not as entirely
gold as it first appeared because the cloak covered the skin that had been
left uncoloured with body paint to allow it to breathe. But when she stood
between the kneeling Sarah and the golden chair, her hands by her sides,
her head high, she could have been a tall, perfectly moulded, golden statue.

 As much a statue as
the two cat headed figures on the chair or the three representations of
Anubis who were only a few inches shorter than her, because Linda, who
was six feet two in her bare feet, was raised to a towering six feet seven
by the high heels of the strange silver boots that she wore.

Eventually Linda lowered
herself into the golden chair, the lower legs of which were lost in the
swirling mist that now seemed to be rising from the very floor itself.
Bill felt a shiver of cold run down his spine. To all intents and purposes
he could have been transported back thousands of years to some arcane and
sinister ritual in an Egyptian temple.

Deep down he knew that no
Egyptian temple would have a state of the art smoke machine instead of
braziers, or half a dozen loudspeakers playing synthesized music, or, for
that matter, four small, concealed, high resolution video cameras capturing
every sound and movement. Nor, he was very sure, would it have had air
conditioning. He shivered again. It was too cold. The air conditioning
had either gone wrong or had been set too high, but the thermostat was
at the opposite end of the room and, right now, he didn’t want to disturb
the scene in any way.

Linda leaned forward and
touched Sarah’s face, briefly, with her right hand. Still standing behind
her Sally unknotted the silk blindfold, took it away from her face, and
whispered to her to raise her head. When she did she found herself staring
at the golden face of her friend, her partner and, only relatively recently,
her lover.

Sarah did not move or make
a sound; she stared silently into Linda’s dark brown eyes. If she was surprised
or shocked she didn’t show it. She just stared at Linda unblinkingly and
Linda held her gaze.

It went on for a long time,
neither of them moving, Sarah looking up at Linda in apparent wonder and
Linda, with just the slightest of smiles on her face, looking down on Sarah
in a manner that was almost reverential.

Eventually Linda leaned forward
and downward and kissed Sarah gently on her gagged mouth, leaving the faintest
trace of red lipstick on the white silk.

“Hello, Little One,” She
said quietly, “Are you prepared to make your sacrifice?”

Bill noticed movement amongst
the three handmaidens. Sheila’s head had shot round to the right at the
mention of the word “sacrifice” and she was staring at him with questioning
eyes. He did his best to look reassuring and tried to indicate that she
should just watch what was about to happen. Sally untied the white silk
gag and removed a thick piece of wadded white silk from Sarah’s mouth.

Moving her jaw a little and
still staring up at Linda, Sarah said simply,

“Yes Mistress.” And then,
without moving, her voice full of emotion, she said “ I love you Mistress,”
And a small tear rolled down her left cheek. Linda watched her with a blank
expression and then she leaned forward once more and kissed Sarah on the
lips. When she straightened up Bill could see her lips moving. No sound
came out, but even from a distance it was obvious that she had mouthed,
“I love you too.” It was the first time that week that the real Linda had
emerged from the character into which she had so deeply immersed herself.
The two women continued to stare at each other.

For a while nothing happened,
Bill, the three handmaidens and Sally all watching the silent inter action
between Linda and Sarah. Watching their facial expressions and their body
language. It was obvious that Sarah was overcome by the effort, the time
and the trouble that Linda had gone to for her final scene. Bill wondered,
for a time, whether she would feel the same when she knew what was going
to happen to her, but then he thought about the  “wish list”, that
she had put together soon after she had first told Linda that she wanted
to be her slave for a week.

He had gone through it carefully
with her one Monday evening when Linda, Sally and Sheila, with Chrissie
and Rosie in cheerful tow, went clubbing in the West End, ostensibly because
Linda wanted a break. The real reason was that Bill, as a detached third
party, could go through each “wish” with her and point out the drawbacks
and pitfalls. All of Sarah’s wishes that had not so far been complied with,
and that she had refused to alter in any way, were encapsulated in this
last scene.  There was one “wish”, however, that still bothered him
a great deal.

Suddenly Linda stood up and
clapped her hands. She looked around the room, her eyes locking with Bill’s
for an instant. In that split second he thought he detected a slight wink,
then, looking towards the handmaidens she said,

“Prepare her!” In a loud
voice. 

**[This story continues in Part 1a](the_slave1a.html)**

© Wallace 2002.All rights
reserved.  The writer asserts the right to be recognised as the author
of this piece. This is a work of fiction and bears no resemblance to any
persons living or dead or to any events or places either real or imaginary.
