---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Renter 7&8
authors:
- Studbound
tags:
- n/a
---

(story continues from [**The Renter 5&6**](renter03.html))

 
**The Renter**
**by Studbound**
Part 7 Frustration

I think what surprised me more than anything else was that she suggested
it. In fact, she came right out and asked me directly if I would like to
try it. The she was my girlfriend, Janice. And what she said really caught
me off guard. We had been out on a date, and I was taking her home - to
her place. We walked because the restaurant was near the campus, and it
was a nice warm evening. As we approached her apartment, where she shared
a room with a friend, she became quiet for a while. We walked along together
holding hands. It was just a nice finish to a nice date.

And then without warning, she said, "Dave, I'd like to try the private
room."

"The what?"

"You know, the private room next to the dungeon at your place."

"You mean where they tie up couples and leave them alone for a few hours
to do whatever they want – or can."

"Yes," she said. "It might be fun. It would certainly be different.
Sort of kinky."

"Kinky is an understatement. Everything that happens in that house is
kinky. --- I don't know. One way or another I've found myself tied up there
about five or six times now, and I'm still not sure whether I like it or
not. One thing I've learned. Set specific limits before they get a gag
on you or God knows what they'll do -- especially Victoria."

"Do many people use the private room?"

"I don't know. It just seems like they're usually busy with people tied
up somewhere in the house all the time. I do see some women now and then,
but mostly men. Remember their rules, you would have to be topless. In
fact, in the private room, I think we would have to be naked."

"That's all right," she smiled. "I've seen you naked before. It's not
so bad." She laughed.

"Well," I said, "I can't tell if you're serious or just talking."

"I'm serious," she said slowly. "I want to do it. You make a booking
with Lila or Ruth or whoever. Tell them we'd like a couple of hours in
the private room sometime soon. Call me and let me know when we can do
it."

We sat down in a park near her place and necked for a while, then I
took her home, we kissed, and I returned to my digs. Lila was sitting in
the living room when I walked in.

"Busy night?" I asked.

"Sort of," she said. "Three men in the room up here, two of them staying
the night. Two couples in the dungeon, one couple in chairs facing each
other, the other one in jackets hanging next to each other."

"Anybody in the private room - a couple I mean?"

"Only couples get into the private room, and no, there's nobody in there
right now."

"Janice and I would like to book a couple of hours there," I said quietly.

"You're kidding!!"

"No, she suggested it. When can we do it?"

"Well, tonight would have been fine, but it's too late now. Tomorrow's
out, we have it booked. How about the next night? You can stay in there
as long as you like. On the house."

"No, we'll pay. I'm a little money ahead since I get a month free rent.
And two hours will be fine, thanks."

"You both have to be nude," Lila cautioned, "and once in there you stay
for  however long you asked, regardless."

"I know," I said. "Janice said she wants to do it."

So we had an appointment for the night after next. Up in my room I called
Janice and told her. She sounded excited.

"We'll start at seven," I said, "and stay in there for two hours. OK?"

"Great," she said. "I'll be ready."

Two nights later, just after I had fixed myself some dinner, Lila told
me to strip in the back room, and head for the private room.

"But it isn't seven yet, and Janice isn't here," I protested.

"Well, let's have you in there and all done up when she arrives, as
a surprise," Lila said.

"Now, let's set up the rules," I cautioned. I had learned my lesson.
"If something goes wrong and Janice doesn't show up, you immediately release
me, right?"

"Right."

"And you don't leave us tied up any longer than the two hours?"

Right."

"OK," I said. "Let's do it."

I appeared naked in the private room, a small room about ten or eleven
feet square with a deep comfortable carpet on the floor. No furniture.
Dim lighting. Expert as she was with rope, Lila had me hog-tied in no time,
and she added a large leather gag which filled my mouth, with straps that
surrounded my head, went under my chin, and ones that went up over my head
and around my forehead. It was one of the more elaborate gags. Then Lila
left.

I lay there waiting. She had bound me about six-thirty. Soon the door
opened and in came Lila with a very naked Janice. Janice already had her
hands bound and she was gagged with a gag just like mine. Quickly she was
on the floor, her legs tied, and the hog-tie added.

"Have fun, kids," said Lila. "See you in a couple of hours. Don't do
anything naughty."

Alone, I found that seeing Janice all tied up was quite erotic. I was
sporting a formidable erection which dangled out in front of me rather
obscenely.  Janice squirmed over toward me, and soon we were face
to face snorting in our gags, mumphing and looking at each other. My erect
penis touched her body, and I poked it at her as much as the bondage allowed.
She avoided my thrusts, and moved away, watching me, egging me on to follow
her, to try to catch her. For a while we squirmed playing our game, with
me trying to corner her, and her trying to escape me.

Finally I had Janice up against the wall, and she couldn't back away.
I positioned myself so that my still erect penis was right at her crotch.
I could see that she was damp, so she was excited by the situation. I pushed
on, aiming my rod and squirming so as to have it in place for penetration.
I hit the target, more or less, and then pushed. Nothing. She squirmed
and I pushed again. Nothing. And slowly it must have dawned on both of
us that with her legs tied together so tightly, there was no way that we
could have sex. It was entirely frustrating. I pushed, got nowhere. She
tried to help and pushed back. No luck.

Our next ploy was to maneuver ourselves around so that we were back
to back, so that one of us might untie the ropes on the other. But when
you are hog-tied, your hands aren't really where they can easily move about.
I couldn't reach any of the strategic knots, and neither could she. Frustrated
again.

We squirmed back so that we faced each other. And so we stayed for the
rest of the two hours, bound, gagged, frustrated. It was intensely erotic,
a dramatic turn-on, and neither of us was in a position to do anything
to satisfy our lust.

At the end of the two hours, a laughing, smiling Lila came in and released
us.

"So," she smirked, "You've learned the secret of the private room. You
can try and try, but you can't have sex - not when you're tied up that
way. That's the realization that couples sooner or later reach when they're
in here."

"I guess so," I grumped.

"Well, did you have a good time."

"Yes," said Janice. "But I'm horny as a hop-toad."

"Me too," I said.

And without getting dressed, still naked, but now untied, we walked
upstairs all three flights to my room - which somewhat startled the two
clients who were sitting and waiting for their tie-up in the living room.
Once in my room, we fell into bed and did what we had been trying unsuccessfully
to do downstairs. It was quite fulfilling, and we repeated twice more during
the night. But I doubt either of us will ask for the private room ever
again.

Part 8 Eye Candy

"This man would like to talk to you, Dave," said Ruth quietly as she
led a tall, weathered man over to the davenport where I was sitting reading
a book. I often studied down in the living room because the coming and
going of people helped keep me awake when the topic was something especially
boring. The man held out a hand that had done hard work, full of calluses
and rough. He shook my hand firmly.

In a rather slow and amazingly soft say, for such a hard looking man,
he said, "My name's Eldon. Happy to meet you."

"I'm Dave," I said. "What can I do for you?"

We sat down together on the davenport. Eldon thought a minute and then
he said, "I have three sons. I've been raising them since their mother
passed on some years back. I made a promise to my sons that when they were
eighteen, I'd take them to a whore house and get them properly trained
as men. The first two boys enjoyed it quite a bit, and it must have worked
because I'm a granddad five times over now. Anyway, my third son is back
there in that room where you have the television set. He insisted that
he would rather come here than go to a whore house. One of his friends
told him that being here is much better than screwing with a prostitute.
So I said I'd give my boy what he wanted, if he was sure. He said he was
sure."

"That's good of you," I cut in. "But I am wondering what this all has
to do with me."

"Well, you see," said the father more slowly, "Now that he's here and
standing back there all stripped down to one of them little supporter things
that the woman said he has to wear, he's kind of gotten cold feet. He wants
to do it, but then again, he doesn't. He says he sort of fears being all
tied up in that room all alone. So I figured that if there was someone
in there with him, he would feel better about the whole thing. He sort
of suggested it to me, in a 'round-about way, sort of. Anyway, the nice
lady said that you might consider going in and letting her fix you up,
and then she would take in the boy and do him."

"Oh, I don't know about that," I said. "I've got some studying to do,
and I had planned on getting it done tonight."

"Yeah," he said. "Well, I'll give you two hundred dollars if you'll
accompany my boy and help him through this. He really wants it, and I don't
want him to come away disappointed."

The father held out four fifty dollar bills with a sly smile on his
face. I could see Lila and Ruth watching from around the door, waiting
to see what I would say.

"Well," I said. "I'll do it. But only for as long as your son's in there."
I called Lila out. "Did you hear that?"

"Yes," she said. "Agreed."

So I went into the room where Lila handed me a jock-o-thong. Quickly
she had me bound, hog-tied, and gagged, laying on the floor at the far
end of the room, facing the door. Once she was done, she said quietly,
"Dave, thanks for doing this. But there's something you should know. The
kid is gay. His father knows it, and accepts it but he is afraid of some
of the kid's friends. He thinks his son might go to them for bondage, which
he craves. The father is afraid they might harm his kid. So he thought
it would be better to get him tied up here than have him get some of those
others to do it. The father and son cooked this thing up to get you in
here. The boy wanted some -- for lack of a better term -- eye candy to
watch while he's tied up."

Lila smiled, stood, and left. Shortly she returned with the slender
young boy. He didn't look eighteen to me, but he probably was. Anyway,
soon he too was hog-tied on the floor, gagged, and positioned where he
looked right at me. And it was obvious from the bulge in his jock-o-thong
that he liked what he saw.

Lila left, and there I was in the room with the boy, two hundred dollars
richer, but once again, bound and gagged. Oh well, I thought, two hours
will pass quickly enough.

And I was right. The time flew by. Before I knew it, the father and
Lila walked into the room.

"Are you having a good time, boy?" the father asked.

The boy grunted in his gag, and nodded his head.

"Good," said the father, because I've given this nice lady some more
money -- enough to cover both of you for the whole night. I'll be back
for you sometime tomorrow morning. They've agreed not to let you go until
I return. Enjoy it - it's your happy birthday gift."

Despite the grunts and pleas from both me and the boy, muffled by our
gags, the father and Lila turned and left.

Well, a short two hours turned into a rather long night. Again, Lila
had done well, there was no escape. The boy struggled to dislodge his erection
from the tight confines of the jock-o-thong, but failed. Nevertheless,
I think he climaxed at least twice during the time we were there. So he
had a good time, sort of.

After what seemed like forever, Lila came in and released the boy. As
he stood and walked out of the room, Lila smiled at me. Just before she
closed the door, she looked back and said, "I'll be right back. Don't go
away."

I stared daggers after her, but waited (what else), and finally she
came in and untied me, removed the gag, and told me that I not only got
the two hundred the father offered me, but that she was giving me the money
he paid to keep me trussed up for the night. So I earned $275 for a night's
work, if you want to call it work. I wondered if the boy would ever come
back.

End of Part 8

**[The
story continues in](renter05.html)**
**[Part
Nine](renter05.html)**

14/02/02

story continues in [**The Renter 9&10**](renter05.html)

o0o
