---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Boy-toy to Older Women
authors:
- Sensual Robert
tags:
- M+-m
- F+-m
- bond
- collar
- leash
- cd
- sissy
- costume
- anal
- oral
- mast
- reluct
- XXX
date: 2020-11-21 00:00:00
---

The 70 year old woman Barbara calls me and requests my pussy licking services since Anne, Sally and herself are horny. I decline their request since I have already made plans to go out for the evening. Barbara and the older unattractive women are disappointed and upset with their boy-toy and they plan to punish me. Barbara comes up with the idea of taking me to an adult book store where there is a secret glory hole. She plans to lock my leash on the other side of the wall, forcing me to suck anything. Anne licks her lips. "But Barbara, you want our boy-toy to suck cock in the glory hole?"

As Barbara grabs the collar and leash. "Of course not, I just want to scare him and make him suck my strap-on."

The next morning I show up and Barbara is mad at me. She orders me to strip and put on the following items: black garter belt, black silk stockings, black 5 inch heels, a blonde wig, a slave collar, my white satin apron that is covering my free cock and a short pink trench coat. She grabs my slave collar. "You were a bad boy-toy and I will punish you. Now come along we are going for a walk... it's only a few blocks away."

I have no choice but to follow Barbara, and I hope no one will notice that I'm a man under the trench coat. "Where are we going? How are you going to punish me?" Then I see we are arriving at an adult book store.

Barbara forces me to my knees in front of the glory hole, attaching a leash on me and locking it on the other side of the wall. She puts in 30 minutes worth of tokens into the booth, showing that it's occupied. Then she takes my trench coat leaving me in heels, an apron, and a blonde wig; she gives a hard spank. "This is your punishment... sucking men’s cocks."

As Barbara is about to enter the booth next to mine, Betty sees her and waves at her. Betty is the boy-toy’s mom; both women are kind of embarrassed for getting caught at an adult book store. Betty says she's here to find a good vibrator, when suddenly they see Ron, the boy-toy’s high school teacher. "Let's get out of here before he sees us here."

As Barbara and Betty leave, Barbara worries about her vunerable boy-toy as the teacher enters the booth. Betty says, "There is a nice cafe around the corner, let's grab lunch."

After lunch Barbara rushes back to the adult book store and sees that her boy-toy is gone. She asks the store manager if he saw an attractive young male wearing heels leave the store. The manager says, "Look I don't know anything... but several men carried a young male wearing an apron away from here. Here is the address where the party is happening."

Barbara says, "Who took him, and what party?"

"Look, lady, you did not hear anything from me, but these men run a secret brothel and your young friend will be the entertainment... he's going to be spit roasted by paying customers."

Barbara arrives at the party's address and she asks about if there were any new slaves that were brought here. They tell her that his front is in room 6, and she has to pay 500 dollars to enter the room. When she enters the room she is shocked by what she sees...he appears to be standing up but in a bent position with his arms pulled back. Only half of his body is visible as his legs, ass and hands are on the other side of the wall. Only his penis, chest, and most of his arms are on her side. She notices cum is splattered on the floor, and it looks like it is his.

"What have they done to you? How long have you been here?" Barbara pets her boy-toy's hair.

Suddenly he is frantic and looks back at the wall. "Please get me out of here... Shit... No... not again... please... oh... this one is way bigger!" Barbara then sees her boy-toy’s body is starting to thrust forward and backward as if someone is fucking him. Then she sees his free cock, rock hard, "Ooooh... pull out... you're too big... shit... ooh... stop I'm going to cum!"

That's when Barbara sees her boy-toy’s cock shoot his stream of cum. "Please get help and release me from this hell... what are you doing?" Watching her boy-toy’s cock cum gets her wet, so she decides to pull up a chair to play with her pussy.

Then a customer walks in. "Do you mind if I just sit, watch you get your cock sucked as I play with my pussy?" she says.

The older black customer replies, "Sure. I just fucked her tight hole earlier and there is a long line of men waiting to fuck you. I love how sexy your legs look in the stockings and heels."

Barbara moans and plays with her old pussy as she watches her boy-toy sucking a big black cock. She loves watching his cock explode as he gets fucked on the other side. She may never release him from this brothel.
