---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Total Rubber Occlusion
authors:
- Mike Vickers
tags:
- F/f
- D/s
- latex
- forniphilia
- bond
- sealed
- bodymod
- packaged
- crate
- transported
- oral
- cons
- X
date: 2003-09-28 00:00:00
---

Charlotte stared out across the bedroom and sighed softly, weary of
waiting for her beloved mistress to return. She normally managed to survive
these periods of inactivity without any difficulty, but on this occasion
felt the slow passage of time more acutely than usual. Sometimes she was
able to doze when Victoria was out shopping or visiting friends, but now
a gnawing excitement prevented such a pleasant escape. She knew something
very special was about to happen and an almost juvenile anticipation made
sleep impossible. The thought of Victoria aroused her, as it always did.
Images of exquisite eroticism filled her mind. She had always been deeply
submissive, the source of her natural deference being alopecia which struck
cruelly during her late teens. Hounded by cruelty from her peers and deprived
of friends by her striking nakedness, she retreated into a private world,
an unsure, sometimes frightened young woman who saw no future in a society
that placed so much store on physical perfection.

It was Victoria who rescued her, who saw her real beauty - and who turned
her into an accomplished maid and sexual slave! Charlotte's life was now
totally controlled by her mistress. Her willing conversion into a humble
submissive had been spectacularly swift - and had led with deft inevitability
to her present intoxicating predicament. She strained against her bonds
but movement proved impossible. Sealed into a stool and placed before Victoria's
dressing table, she could do little more than gaze around the room through
the plastic lenses set into her rubber helmet, her eyes the only part of
her that could move freely.

The stool was one of many pieces of special furniture scattered throughout
the house All had just one function - to secure her into a position where
she would be forced to orally service her mistress. She could be bound
into every chair in the house with her face held rigidly as an integral
part of the seat. Even the bed was specially adapted and Charlotte often
spent the entire night tucked into a bondage drawer with her head protruding
through a circular aperture in the centre of the mattress and head clamped
between Victoria's thighs. She took her duties very seriously and prided
herself on the effect her dexterous tongue had on her mistress.

The stool, however, by the very nature of its diminutive size was the
most confining of all her prisons. Trimmed with flowing black latex drapes,
its metal casing was lined inside with a fully inflated neoprene sheath
that squeezed her cramped body into total immobility. Above the drapes,
the seat was moulded into the profile of a saddle with her features forming
part of the withers. The saddle fell away from her cheeks into hollows
on either side, each contoured to fit the shape of her mistress's generous
rump.

Packed inside, her body folded like a concertina and head bent back,
Charlotte gazed upwards at the ceiling, mute and virtually deaf. She sucked
on a huge gag and waited with as much patience as she could muster. Rubber
now dominated her life. Her natural affinity for the strange material had
been exploited by Victoria, who insisted her maid wore nothing else. Charlotte's
naked skin, so long a source of embarrassment, had become wonderfully alert
to the sensual touch of silky smooth latex. The helmet concealing her features
was an integral part of the suit she wore, one of many in her wardrobe
that provided complete encapsulation. She felt its humid constriction gripping
her limbs and revelled in the psychological protection it gave.

A lingering rumble gurgled though her stomach. God, she was ravenous!
Her mistress had decreed no food for the last week and on complaining,
Charlotte had been bound over a whipping stool with her rear prominently
displayed and soundly chastised with a leather tawse, her cries muffled
by a ball gag. The suit proved no defence at all to the scorpion sting
of her mistress's anger. The door opened and Charlotte's heart leapt. Victoria
breezed into the room and ignoring the muffled groans emanating from the
stool, stripped off her clothes and took a leisurely shower in the en suite.
Charlotte waited, fretting with impatience, eager to greet her mistress
in her own special way.

Eventually, after what seemed an age, Victoria reappeared. She stood
beside the stool and peered down into the upturned face in the centre of
the saddle. No other sign of Charlotte was visible; the drapes hid everything,
yet even though her slave's features were obscured by the shining rubber
helmet, Victoria sensed her profoundly ardent yearning. Charlotte's eyes
widened when she beheld her mistress. Victoria had dressed as befitted
her position. Her well-proportioned body was sheathed in jet, the burnished
latex shimmering like obsidian. She wore a high-necked blouse trimmed with
frills beneath her chin and cut very tight about the torso to clearly display
her breasts beneath the gleaming bodice. Each ripe swelling was tipped
by a rigid nipple. The long sleeves were generously puffed at the shoulder
before narrowing to grip her forearms, the reinforced cuffs frilled to
match the collar. Faultless black gloves covered her hands.

She moved the stool closer to the dressing table, her full-length latex
skirt flowing and rustling softly with every movement. The billowing skirt
flared out over her hips into a perfect circle, its softness supported
from beneath by half a dozen gossamer thin white rubber petticoats, each
ruched and trimmed with a deep fluted hem. The broad waistband concealed
a leather strap tightened around her tiny waist.

Bending close, Victoria removed the oral plug and licked away her slave's
saliva. Charlotte recognised that sensual look and knew what was coming.
She trembled with delight, but the stool concealed the involuntary shudder.

"We will begin shortly," breathed Victoria, stroking her fingers in
and out of her slave's mouth.

Charlotte suckled like a new-born lamb. "The final preparations are
now made. Guests will be arriving soon to help in the operation."

"Mistress?"

Noting the anxiety in Charlotte's voice, Victoria smiled reassuringly.

"No harm will come to you. Life may become a little restricted and
you will need to make some, ah, adjustments, but it will be worth it."

"I don't understand."

"All will be revealed later. I've solved the old problem at last."

Charlotte gaped. She well knew the problem to which her mistress was
alluding.

Breathing!

Victoria insisted on absolute and total coverage when Charlotte was
between her legs but there always remained the need for her slave to have
an air supply. Experimentation with different types of breathing tube proved
unsatisfactory as Victoria could always detect their unwelcome presence
against her sensitive crotch. It was all rather frustrating.

"What have you done?"

"Patience, you'll soon find out - and maybe you'll wish I hadn't been
so inventive!"

Victoria kissed the open lips and tasted sweet rubber on her slave.
She scooped up her skirts and settled herself in the saddle. Charlotte
caught a fleeting glimpse of Victoria's endless legs sheathed in rubber,
then a falling darkness obscured the delicious sight as the petticoats
settled onto the carpet all around the stool. She closed her eyes, inhaled
the rich sweetness descending onto her face and extending her tongue, felt
the first fleeting touch of flesh. Honey dripped from the pendant lips,
hot and oily. Victoria teased her for a while, keeping just out of reach,
then slowly lowered her full weight onto the eager mouth. Flexing from
side to side, she adjusted her position until she was fully seated before
reaching under the skirt and clipping her belt to rings set into the saddle
at front and back. She hauled on a pair of restraining straps until her
sex was crushed into Charlotte's face, fastened the buckles and lowered
the skirt again, arranging the hem in a broad circle around the concealed
stool.

Charlotte's face was swamped by a liquid burning. Softness spread like
warm treacle, cloying and pungent. She lapped at the shaven skin, eager
to reacquaint herself with the familiar contours of Victoria's slit. Puffy
outer labia oozed over her cheeks, parting slowly to reveal the delicate
ridges within. Convoluted skin stretched unbelievably as she feasted, her
neck muscles cording with effort each time she sucked in the generous folds.
The rapacious cleft raked back and forth over her mouth before settling
into position. Charlotte sensed the straps being tightened and groaned
softly, her tongue lancing into the vulva positioned directly over her
mouth. She longed to bury her face forever in the depths of her mistress's
sex but as always the wonderful sensations were marred by her need for
air. She hummed a signal and Victoria leaned back, allowing Charlotte to
inhale, the air bubbling through sticky secretions.

Gazing at herself in the mirror, Victoria began to brush her hair in
a leisurely manner, admiring the tumbling golden locks. Unlike her fortunate
slave, she had been forced to have her sex permanently depilated and was
now considering having her labia pierced. Always searching for something
new, she rather liked the idea of physically strapping her crotch to Charlotte's
face. She moved slightly to allow her slave to breathe for a short while
before sealing her air supply again. It was so tiresome to do this, but
the only alternative - the use of breathing tubes - was uncomfortable for
them both. Still, that was about to change!

She continued coiffing her waist-length hair for almost an hour. To
the casual observer, Victoria appeared totally alone in her boudoir, sitting
serenely within a tented circle of shimmering black rubber. She divided
her luxuriant tresses and wove two long plaits, and yet despite the apparently
relaxed innocence of the scene, a deeply arousing heat built remorselessly
between her legs, a fierce passion fuelled by the attentions of her slave.
She drew a latex hood over her head and teased the golden plaits through
stiff funnels that protruded on either side of her crown like short horns.
A leather lace was threaded through the rear eyelets, tensioning the rubber
across her face. She pulled steadily, working the lace with expert fingers
and closing the helmet down to the nape of her neck.

Victoria pressed the latex against her cheeks and forehead, admiring
the exotic sight in the mirror. A coal-black visage stared back, gleaming
and anonymous. Her lips pouted through a small oval opening below the snub
nose. Circular lenses covered her eyes. She wound each plait around its
funnel in a tight spiral and pinned it into position, the hair bondage
giving her a prim and severe air, like that of a strict governess.

Once satisfied that her appearance was to her own meticulous standard,
Victoria's attention reverted to Charlotte. Her maid's flickering tongue
was even more nimble than usual. Victoria felt it rasp around her vulva
and wriggle into the relaxed entrance to her anus. A slight shift in stance
allowed its tip unhindered access to her pearl and a great shudder rippled
through her belly at the flooding sensations. She gripped the edge of the
dressing table with both hands and threw back her head, eyes shut, her
flushing cheeks hot under the taut helmet. Although the belt and straps
allowed very little movement, she was able to slide herself over Charlotte's
hidden features. Latex rustled like a gentle zephyr, a slithering rhythm
counterpointing her hissing breath. She teetered for a moment on the brink,
then climaxed ferociously, her body twisting and swaying, hands cupping
her breasts and fingers pinching mercilessly at the turgid nipples.

Charlotte felt Victoria's powerful contractions convulse through the
burning flesh pressed tight to her face and redoubled her efforts. She
serviced her mistress without slowing, knowing that this was expected of
her. Satiated and dreamy, Victoria continued to enjoy the pleasure of her
slave's tongue and lips until the door bell rang, interrupting the cosy
intimacy of the boudoir. She smiled lightly and gathering up the flowing
skirts, released the restraining straps. Reluctantly, she raised herself
from the stool to reveal a spreading patch of dew glistening on the ridged
saddle and left the room.

"Is this she?"

Charlotte's eyes snapped open at the strange voice. A tall woman stood
there, austere in face, her pale complexion dominated by a pair of steely
eyes. She unbuckled a black rubber trench coat and shrugged it off her
shoulders to reveal a pure white latex tunic and calf-length hobble skirt.
Transparent latex gloves sheathed her hands, matching the stockings that
peeped out from under the reinforced hem of her skirt. She passed the coat
to her assistant and bent to examine Charlotte's upturned face. Captivated
by the steady stare, Charlotte barely noticed the assistant removing her
own long rubber cloak. She wore a full helmet and the formal uniform of
a nurse in white latex, complementing her mistress and reinforcing the
impression of medical professionalism. The helmet concealed her mouth with
only pinprick nostril holes piercing the snowy rubber below black lenses.
A drowsy aroma of fresh rubber swirled around the room adding to the charged
atmosphere.

"Yes," replied Victoria. "I want you to occlude her totally, as we discussed."

"Certainly. How fortunate she's naturally hairless. This allows no
real limit to the length of time she can be encapsulated."

"I know." Victoria's implacable tone sent a shiver down Charlotte's
spine, but she had no chance to dwell on the fate her mistress had chosen
for her. The stool was unlocked and her pinioned body levered out of the
tiny cavity beneath the seat. The neoprene sheath was deflated and shortly,
Charlotte stood naked before her mistress, her skin striped with the marks
of her recent bondage.

"This is Mistress Natalia. She's here to help me realise my dream of
having you transformed into a permanent oral slave. Once this procedure
is completed, your life will be dependent on a range of appliances controlled
only by me."

"As you wish, Mistress," whispered Charlotte, her heart thumping unsteadily.

"In addition," said Natalia, "just when you thought you had experienced
the most degrading humiliations, you will be required to visit my clinic
and join others who have endured the same fate."

The silent nurse wheeled in several heavy trunks bound with metal straps.
Charlotte watched aghast as a mass of medical equipment was extracted.
A gas cylinder and face mask were prepared.

"We need to sedate you for an hour or so," said Natalia. "The gas will
suppress your gag reflex and relax you enough for us to fit this." She
held up a coiled mass of rubber tubing. "Until now you have only experienced
rubber on the outside of your body, but when you awake, things will be
entirely different."

Charlotte lay back on the latex bed sheet. The mask descended over
her mouth and nose and she heard the faint hiss of the gas. A great drowsiness
spread out to envelope her. Cotton wool limbs refused to function and gradually,
her sight dimmed. "We'll have to work swiftly."

Natalia's voice skirted around the edge of her consciousness, then
something long and flexible was slid down her throat...

It seemed to Charlotte that barely a moment had passed. She surfaced
slowly, aware that she felt wonderfully comfortable and warm - and no longer
hungry! In fact, her stomach was rather full and bloated. Strange that
she should have been fed so much after her period of fasting. Then she
remembered the tube and reached up to her mouth, but felt nothing except
her lips.

"An instinctive reaction," remarked Natalia with a coolly detached
air. "The tube is still within you, but your mouth must remain unblocked."

"What have you done?" Charlotte stared at her mistress in confusion.

"We have lined your entire digestive system with rubber!" said Victoria.

"It was remarkable to watch. Nearly thirty feet of tubing went in,
followed by an inflatable bladder to fill your stomach. One end of the
tube now lies in your oesophagus just below the entrance to the lungs and
the other end sits in your rectum."

Charlotte was suddenly aware of the expansion of her anus. She parted
her legs and saw a circular metal collar gripped by her ring. She touched
it tentatively, not quite believing what she was hearing. "Those pipes
will allow me to feed you. In addition, and this is the most radical feature
of the procedure, you will also be able to breathe through the tube, which
means that we can now make a total seal between your face and my crotch!"
She laid a reassuring hand on Charlotte's shoulder and nodded to Natalia.
"Please continue."

The nurse fitted a catheter and employed a syringe to fill the integral
rubber balloon lodged inside Charlotte's bladder with saline solution.
A substantial dildo then cleaved her sex. Natalia worked the shaft in deeply,
rotating it from side to side until its splayed base was buried amongst
the slippery folds of flesh. Charlotte noticed the phallus had dull metal
patches set along its body and was sufficiently experienced enough to guess
at their function. Another saline-filled syringe inflated the head of the
dildo, expanding it until it fitted snugly inside her womb. Natalia plugged
several thin electrical leads from the dildo into the anal connector. The
catheter was also folded back along her slit to become an integral part
of the device.

"Now we must seal up your face! The sensation will be most unusual for
you, but relax and don't fight it. This system has been used successfully
on many of my other slaves. Just breathe normally - you'll be surprised
just how quickly you become acclimatised." Natalia slid a pair of silicone
plugs into Charlotte's nostrils and taking a brush, spread liquid latex
over her nose. The milky fluid dried almost instantly to create an airtight
skin. Another pair of plugs were inserted in her ears and sealed in a similar
fashion. Mirrored goggles protected her eyes. The nurse applied a little
liquid latex to their cushioned cups and pressed the darkened lenses into
position.

"This goes in your mouth. Once glued in position, you'll be forced to
start breathing through the internal tube." Natalia pushed a strange moulding
between Charlotte's parted lips. Contoured anatomically, the sheath lined
the inside of her mouth and covered her teeth in a thin layer of soft rubber.
She thrust her tongue into a supple pouch, its external surface covered
in delicate conical projections. Natalia inserted her fingers into Charlotte's
mouth to ensure the sheath was properly positioned and pressed the adhesive
outer section against the skin surrounding her lips. The sheath sealed
her mouth completely - there was no breathing hole at the back where the
gossamer rubber covered the entrance to her throat.

Charlotte jerked in surprise and inhaled deeply, astonished to find
she could breathe without difficulty, despite a slight sluggishness in
the flow of air. A rhythmic susurration could be detected emanating from
between her legs. Victoria examined Charlotte's mouth and noted the moulding
incorporated a pair of exceptionally fulsome and shapely lips. Intrigued,
she bent to kiss them. Soft silicone slithered sensuously, then parted
to expose the spiked tongue sheath.

"Now that should be interesting," she breathed, eventually breaking
the kiss. "Truly astonishing."

"It's refreshing to know the benefits of my medical training were not
entirely wasted." Natalia signalled to her nurse and more equipment was
prepared. "Your slave's life support systems are now functional allowing
us complete the process by spraying her with liquid latex. The formula
I use has been selected for its strength, flexibility and superb finish.
In addition, the fluid shrinks on drying to create a feeling of pressure
all over the body."

"How long will it last?"

"I think we can certainly measure the duration in terms of weeks, possibly
much longer if you feed her with the correct hormones to suppress her cycle."

Victoria smiled. It seemed her poor maid would be spending the foreseeable
future as an oral slave. Charlotte found herself standing in the centre
of a large rubber sheet and shuddered at the first touch of black liquid
latex misting onto her skin. Natalia and Victoria observed whilst the mute
nurse applied the solution. She wore a full apron, gauntlets and a respirator
to protect herself from spillage and worked with speedy efficiency, waving
the spray gun like a wand. Slowly, Charlotte's pale skin was covered in
an advancing tide of ebony. The process was repeated several times to thicken
the layers of rubber until eventually, a beautiful black statue stood there,
a perfect female form sheathed in coal-black latex.

"There just remains her head," said Natalia, taking the gun. "I always
insist on doing this myself - call it a perk of the job!" Starting at the
neck, she began to coat Charlotte's frozen features with the cloying fluid.
Charlotte pressed her new lips together when the spray passed over her
mouth and found them instantly sealed shut. The latex advanced to engulf
her naked crown. Natalia built up the supple skin, sheathing Charlotte's
head in a smooth and unblemished helmet until, finally, the spray drifted
over her lenses to block out the light. The effect on Charlotte was dramatic.
Her respiration hissed through the connector, panting and hoarse, but the
rushing sibilance normally associated with breathing was absent and she
could hear nothing save the unsteady beat of her heart. Her other senses
were now dominated by rubber. The continually tightening latex squeezed
her body in a horribly exciting grip and she could taste only the acrid
latex tongue sheath, but all that paled into insignificance compared with
the bizarre notion that she was now breathing through her anus!

"And now for a few optional extras,"said Natalia crisply. "Will she
require the use of her hands?"

Victoria thought for a moment and shook her head. "No. I can always
get another maid, but as my oral slave, she will be spending most of her
time in bondage." Natalia signalled to the nurse and Charlotte's hands
were sprayed until her fingers became submerged inside smooth oval mittens.

"Shoes?" enquired Natalia. "We have a selection of carbon fibre footwear
dainty enough to be concealed within the suit without destroying its smooth
lines." The nurse offered a variety of different boots and shoes, all constructed
of tissue thin material. Victoria chose a pair of ankle-length ballet shoes
with endless spiked heels that supported Charlotte's feet with her toes
arrowing downwards. The shoes were locked onto her feet and covered with
the liquid latex.

When Charlotte stood again, she teetered on tiny points, struggling
for balance, her helplessness appealing greatly to Victoria's dominant
nature.

"We shall polish her now. This further enhances the superb look of
the rubber and also acts as a chemical barrier, allowing other interesting
features to be added which can then be peeled off afterwards without destroying
the basic suit."

The nurse covered Charlotte with a silicone compound and rubbed softly
with a cloth, working the greasy solution into the suit with a circular
motion. Within moments, an extraordinary shine materialised on the surfaces
of Charlotte's body, a mirror finish that gleamed and sparkled like quicksilver.
The procedure was repeated several times until the rubber resembled lustrous
crystalline marble.

Victoria was impressed. She had seen many latex outfits before, but
this was something quite exceptional. Charlotte was engulfed inside an
utterly seamless cocoon, her only contact with the outside world through
the complex connector almost hidden between her legs. Her breath came in
a whisper, filtering up into her body through the tube lining her gut.
With all her bodily cavities filled with expanded latex bladders, she had
surely reached the ultimate in total rubber occlusion.

"We're now almost finished," announced Natalia. "I'll leave you with
the equipment and a generous quantity of liquid latex, ample to satisfy
all your needs for the next month." She made a final examination of the
silent rubber doll. "I think it's now time to let her see what she's become,
but we'll complete her encapsulation first."

She produced a substantial rubber breathing bag and screwed it onto
the anal connector. Immediately, the fluted bag began to inflate and deflate
in time with Charlotte's breathing. Natalia nodded to the nurse who used
a dab of solvent on a cloth to free Charlotte's sealed lips and clean away
the thin layer of latex from the oval eyepieces set in the helmet. Even
when she'd finished, the boundary between each black reflective lens and
the polished rubber remained almost impossible to distinguish. Victoria
could discern no change in the appearance of the gleaming helmet - but
Charlotte could!

Light filtered into her darkened and silent world. She turned to face
the mirror and almost fainted with shock at the sight of the anonymous
mannequin standing there. Drowned in latex, she searched in vain for the
familiar features of her body, but all were hidden under the clinging skin.
Her face was a smooth ovoid, her nose barely tenting the hood above a pair
of full and sensual latex lips. She opened her mouth and saw black rubber
lining her teeth. Spikes rasped whenever she moved her tongue. Each breast
was a polished orb tipped with a nipple set hard in solidified latex. Her
crotch was entirely featureless; no sign of her sex was visible at all.
She touched herself tentatively with mittened fingers and saw the gleaming
metal connector sitting against her rear entrance, the rubber suit lapping
around its flanged base. Piqued by curiosity, she opened her legs further
to reveal the black bag hanging down between her thighs and realised she
was completely isolated from the outside world.

"I shall see you next month," said Natalia, allowing the nurse to help
her into her rubber trench coat. "Has she seen the special face mask yet?"
Victoria shook her head and the two mistresses shared a knowing look. "That
should be entertaining." The bag began to pulse unsteadily as Charlotte's
air supply became stale.

"I sincerely hope so." Both women watched the maid intently and Victoria
was pleased to see that instead of trying to remove the bag herself, Charlotte
began stroking her mons and breasts in an obvious attempt at gratification
whilst waiting for her mistress.

"I see she has confidence in you," remarked Natalia, striding to the
door.

When they had gone, Victoria finally unscrewed the bag and set about
placing her breathless slave in arduous bondage. Bending her arms up between
her shoulder-blades, she applied layer upon layer of liquid latex to bind
them in place, blurring their contours until they almost disappeared. Charlotte
struggled, but the cloying rubber held her fast. Lying face down on the
bed, an exceptionally long steel bar was sealed between her ankles, spreading
her legs wide. Victoria then examined the complex life support module and
its snaking rubber hose. This machine would control her slave for the next
month and provide her with everything she needed; nutrients, liquids, waste
disposal, stimulation, and above all, air. It was a compact device, battery
operated and mounted on castors, allowing Charlotte to drag it around after
her like a puppy on a lead. Victoria filled the various glass containers
with drinking water and feeding solutions, checked that the breathing and
anaesthetic gas systems were operating and placed the infra-red remote
controller under her pillow.

Charlotte could barely contain her excitement at the sight of Victoria
holding the hose and squirming on her belly, raised her rump and drew up
her knees to offer the exposed connector projecting from her anus. She
felt a slight pressure and a distant click as the umbilical was screwed
into place, attaching her to the machine. Breathing deeply, she detected
a further slight resistance to her respiration and sniffed experimentally,
but could smell nothing - the passage of air into her lungs was no longer
via her nostrils! Charlotte was still struggling to comprehend the bizarre
nature of her situation when Victoria joined her on the bed. She had prepared
herself for the night by removing her blouse and skirt to reveal the full
body suit beneath. Pink flesh peeped out of the slit along her crotch,
a slit that would allow full access to Charlotte's eager spiked tongue.
Victoria applied a little silicone polish to ensure the liquid latex could
be removed from her suit and reclined with legs on either side of her slave's
supine body. She pressed her sex against the inflatable rubber lips and
wove a drifting web of spray around her loins, sealing herself to Charlotte.

Within moments, they had become one! Charlotte's head resembled a bulbous
extension to Victoria's lower body. The gun hissed and spluttered, shooting
a fine mist of adhesive latex over their limbs. By twisting from side to
side, Victoria achieved a perfect seal from knee to waist. The ebony liquid
dried quickly and contracted as it did so, pressing Charlotte's mouth even
tighter to Victoria's vulva. She squirted a pool under her rump and wriggled
down into it so that they both became cemented to the rubber bed sheet.
Deep under countless lamellar layers of drying latex, Charlotte felt an
almost euphoric joy. At last she was able to provide her mistress with
uninterrupted oral service, yet it seemed a strange paradox that to achieve
such a simple aim took so much complicated equipment. She extended her
rubber-covered tongue and felt the spikes bend and deflect against Victoria's
vulva, each soft tip scraping sensually. A furnace heat spread like a glowing
coal over her face. She closed her eyes in the Stygian darkness and drowned
in the succulence of her mistress's cleft.

Victoria gasped at the unbelievable sensations washing though her belly.

She grasped the remote controller and stabbed at the multitude of buttons,
sending shocks through the dildo and anal electrodes located inside her
slave. The bladders in her stomach and sex pulsed and twitched, expanding
and contracting under pneumatic pressure. Charlotte bucked and strained
against her bonds, her tongue a frenzy of activity. Such feverish abandon
had always produced an arousing chorus of moaning and sharp cries, but
now she was utterly silent, the result of no air passing over her vocal chords. Victoria smiled fleetingly at
the notion that her adoring slave really had no outlets for her passion
other than through her flickering tongue, then lay back with both arms
flung behind her hooded head and abandoned herself to a night of endless
pleasure.

Charlotte was freed the following morning after spending nearly twelve
hours offering service. She ached abominably, yet burned fiercely inside,
deriving her own pleasure from the spasmodic tightening of her mistress's
flesh around her intrusive tongue as Victoria climaxed throughout the night,
her back arched and legs flailing convulsively. It was a supremely erotic
experience for them both, but Victoria was still in absolute control and
had devised a cunning and extraordinary method of occupying her slave whilst
she was out during the day conducting her business affairs.

Charlotte would be fitted with the new special face mask!

Moulded around an articulated aluminium skeleton, the silicone mannequin
was anatomically perfect, an exact reproduction of Victoria's own body
in weight, texture and flexibility. Charlotte gaped at its glistening black
skin and realised with a stab of shock that she and it looked almost identical.
Both had the blank vagueness in the face and the mitten-like hands, but
where her crotch was smooth and featureless, the mannequin's was exquisitely
formed. Pendant labia hung below a swollen mons, thick and inviting. The
contours of that imitation sex looked familiar.

Victoria smiled and drawing a hand over her own flesh, transferred her
sticky dew to the mannequin's cleft.

"It's me," she said distinctly into Charlotte's plugged ear. "A perfect
reproduction, and when I'm out, this is what you'll be bound to, just to
remind you of the real thing. Oh, and to keep you on your toes, I'll be
giving you gas every time I change over so when you wake you'll not be
sure if it's me or this that's attached to your face. You'll just have
to service both with the same enthusiasm or suffer severe punishment. She
chuckled at Charlotte's futile struggling and placing the mannequin in
position on the bed, set to work with the spray gun...

The passage of time became confused for Charlotte. Denied any external
stimulus, she remained isolated inside her moulded suit for the entire
month, fed and watered by the machine, her breathing carefully regulated.
Her life became a continual routine of exhausted sleep and frantic oral
service. Frequently unconscious through the application of gas, she was
never entirely sure if she was attached to Victoria or the substitute mannequin.
Had she been able to taste her mistress such a problem would not have arisen,
but she was isolated by the mouth sheath and in her disorientated state,
both felt identical. Victoria compounded her perplexity by often remaining
absolutely motionless for several hours at a time whilst she read or watched
TV, and so before long Charlotte simply gave up attempting to differentiate
between the two and lapped, kissed and sucked whatever was placed against
her pneumatic rubber lips, her sex and anus contracting involuntarily around
the implanted probes each time a random surge of electricity pulsed through
the electrodes.

Eventually, after a month, the routine was broken and Charlotte was
released from her duties in preparation for her trip to Natalia's establishment.
It had all been arranged. Victoria had received a substantial packing case
the day before and had spent several hours extracting the nurse from within
its confining depths. Her place was to be taken by Charlotte whilst the
nurse would be Victoria's silent travelling companion for the return journey.
The packing case - and Charlotte - were being sent back by overnight carrier.

The nurse now stood beside Victoria, but her uniform was gone. Instead,
she resembled Charlotte in every way. Fitted with the anal connector and
covered from crown to toe with sprayed black rubber, there was very little
to distinguish between the two women - with one exception. The nurse's
mouth, unlike Charlotte's, was completely sealed. No luscious lips pouted
from the anonymous face. Her entire head was a featureless oval, and when
the light caught the helmet, Victoria could see that even the eye lenses
were significantly smaller than Charlotte's, as if she was entirely acclimatised
to such restriction and needed only the minimal vision to complete her
tasks.

The transportation equipment comprised an egg-shaped steel capsule mounted
vertically on a circular base. The capsule was split horizontally across
the middle with the two halves flanged and clamped together with bolts.
An upright high pressure air cylinder was located on either side and connected
by steel piping to a small manifold and control panel welded to the front
of the capsule. Valves covered the panel facia adjacent to a black rubber
breathing bag. The entire machine could be manoeuvred on concealed wheels
in the base and was designed to fit inside the substantial packing case.

Charlotte was instructed to stand with legs pressed together and arms
snugged into the small of her back while her mistress again wielded the
spray gun to seal her into a single graceful column of black latex. She
was then folded up and bound into an immovable pupa with knees under chin
and heels pressed to thighs. Her mouth sheath was pumped full of liquid
latex and the lips sealed shut, then several passes with the gun over the
lenses plunged her into darkness. Meanwhile, the nurse moved with confident
precision, preparing equipment soundlessly. With the upper section of the
egg removed, Charlotte was lowered into the open bottom half and her anal
connector attached to the capsule life support system. Victoria held her
upright while the nurse poured in gallons of liquid latex. The glutinous
fluid rose around Charlotte's pinioned body until the entire bottom half
of the egg was filled. She bobbed like a cork, floating until the rubber
cured, allowing Victoria to release her grip.

Charlotte remained locked into the dense latex, the lower half of her
body hidden inside the hardened pool of rubber. The nurse then replaced
the upper section, threaded the bolts through the flange and tightened
each with a spanner. She opened a filler in the top and pumped in more
liquid until it spilled out of the opening. The filler plug was then screwed
in and the excess latex wiped clean. Inside the egg, Charlotte felt the
heavy liquid flow down over her head and face. The level rose inexorably
and she realised she was inside a confined chamber. Pressure increased
as the latex congealed and solidified all around her body. What little
movement she had soon disappeared, leaving her embedded in an inflexible
mass. She became aware of vague movement on the very edge of her threshold,
then the first exquisite spasm rippled through her sex as the electrodes
stirred into life and her attention turned to more pleasurable matters.

With the egg now safely protecting its valuable cargo, the nurse connected
the fully enclosed breathing system and adjusted a series of metering valves
on the control panel. The rubber breathing bag began to expand and contract,
externalising Charlotte's concealed respiration. Gauges on the high pressure
cylinders indicated they were fully charged, giving at least twenty-four
hours air supply, ample time to facilitate delivery to the clinic. The
bag fluttered and twitched when the nurse threw a series of electrical
switches, indicating some hidden turmoil deep inside, but no sound filtered
out of the silent egg. She manoeuvred the complete machine into the sturdy
packing case and locked it shut. The carriers called an hour later, loaded
the case into their lorry and disappeared with a whiff of diesel fumes.
Victoria tried to imagine the exquisite torture now being suffered by Charlotte
as she bounced and jolted her way across the country. Delivery to the clinic
was guaranteed for nine the following morning, so she would be spending
the night in some holding warehouse, a mute captive imprisoned in rubber
and steel, kept alive by the air cylinders, the boredom relieved only by
the activated probes secreted within her belly.

"You will now prepare for our own journey," she said to the nurse, who
sank to the floor and pressed her forehead to the instep of Victoria's
boots. She paid homage in total silence and only rose to her feet again
when signalled. Dipping into a holdall, she extracted a flesh coloured
hood and slipped it over her head. The moulded latex stretched over the
blank features to reveal a pretty female face with an innocent, almost
cherubic expression. The nurse smoothed away the wrinkles and shrugged
on a full-length heavy rubber coat. She buckled the belt tight around her
waist and adjusted the generous hood to frame the tranquil countenance
of her false face.

Victoria ordered her to thrust her hands through special holes cut into
the pockets and glued her palms to the sides of her thighs with liquid
latex. She lifted the rear of the coat and connected Charlotte's life support
machine to the nurse's anal connection. The machine easily fitted inside
the large holdall which was then slung over the nurse's shoulder, the hose
curving down to disappear under the hem of the coat like a bizarre tail.
To all intents and purposes, the nurse looked like any other traveller
prudent enough to protect herself against the inclement British weather,
hands in pockets and holdall hanging casually from one shoulder.

Victoria donned her own coat, flicked her long tresses free of the collar
and buttoned it from knee to chin. The wide belt emphasised the tiny circle
of her waist. She hauled on the buckle, checked her appearance in the mirror
for the last time and picked up her travelling case.

"Okay," she said and pointing the remote controller at the nurse, pressed
the electro-stimulator buttons.

"Let's go!"
