---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesek/first_time.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: First Time
authors:
- Bound Anon
tags:
- Sbm
- cd
- stuck
- caught
- hum
- cons
- X
date: 2002-08-05 00:00:00
---

Gromet, I have enjoyed your site for some time now and thought I'd
try to help contribute something. Unfortunately I wrote this story before
reading the writer's guidelines you've posted, so I'm unsure if this story
will be acceptable. It's a story describing the first time a self-bondage
session as a kid turned into something sexual for me, and I was roughly
13 or 14 years old at the time. So if you don't want it that's cool. If
you don't care to post it "as is", but think it might be interesting with
an older main character that's cool too, I can probably alter the story
a bit. Also, I've added the story codes I think fit to save you time, but
it's your site, and if you feel the codes should be changed feel free.
-Bound Anon

I learned pretty young that I was interested in bondage. Of course at
the time I had no idea what the word meant, and had no idea that it had
any sexual connotations, hell I didn’t even realize I was getting erections
from it at the time. That is until my first screw up.

I had to have been around 13 or 14, very early into puberty when I began
exploring two different sexual “deviancies” of mine, self-bondage and cross-dressing.

My younger sister was taking a dance class and part of her “uniform”
was caramel colored fishnet tights. I waited until I was alone with her,
because I knew it was a weird question for a boy to ask, but I had to ask
her what her tights felt like (the weirder part was that I wanted her to
tell me what they felt like to wear). I was really consumed with the idea.
She wasn’t much help, she said she only really noticed them when she put
them on, and then she said after awhile she just forgot about them being
there, but mentioned that it left neat crisscross marks on her legs. That
answer wasn’t good enough for me, so once I saw the opportunity (her tights
hanging from the shower curtain) I took it, and tried them on.

I tried them on several times, and enjoyed the feeling immensely. I’m
not sure why really, but the same feeling occurred every time I tried it.
Eventually I decided to combine it with some self bondage.

Once my whole family ended up being out of the house at the same time,
I began preparing for what was at the time, my favorite bondage technique.
This comprised of sitting down on my bed, and then tying my ankles together
with my bicycle chain, a roughly ½ inch thick length of steel cable,
coated in plastic with loops at the end for a lock. I discovered if I wrapped
it around my ankles three times, one time being a figure eight with the
cable going between my ankles that it was the perfect length. Once locked
on it was impossible to remove without the key to the padlock.

I’d then place the key to the padlock just outside of my predicted reach,
before using a piece of rope to fasten the cable to the wooden post at
the foot of the bed. The rope was probably only 1/8 inches thick maybe
even a bit smaller, it was used to hold a compass around one's neck. Once
tied it was only around six inches long. I’d be sure to tie a sufficiently
complicated knot, that I'd only attempt untying the knot as a last resort.

Most often I’d put the key on the far side of the bed, which quickly
became too easy for me to reach. Then I’d start putting it in odd places,
like on top of the dresser at the end of the bed, forcing me to half support
myself on the bed with my bound legs, and half with my hand on the dresser.

This time however was going to be the first time I tried self-bondage
while wearing fishnet tights and figured I’d want to try something different.
I thought about it for a little while, and realized if I put the key on
the ground it would be perfect, once I crawled off the bed the rope would
be short enough that I'd just barely be able to lay down on my back on
the ground, forcing my fishnet-clad legs directly into my field of view.
I hadn’t tried that yet because it seemed like it might be a bit strenuous
trying to climb back up while my legs were tied together anchored to the
top, but that just added to the excitement this time

I quickly eyeballed what should be the correct distance and put the
key on the floor. I decided against tying my wrists together this time
because I wanted to be sure I could make it off the bed without hurting
myself too much, and figured I could always try again later with my wrists
bound if this worked well.

So once the rope was tied, I began to make my decent off the bed. I
made it about halfway; my legs supporting me from the bed, and my hands
underneath me in a sort of back bend before I realized I misjudged the
height of the post. My lower back was supposed to just barely reach the
ground, however from the way it felt I was in definite danger of landing
on the back of my head. I began trying to climb back up onto the bed, more
frantically with each failed attempt.

I’d lift one arm, trying to find something on the top of the bed to
grab on to, but supporting my body weight with one arm under me behind
my back proved to be too strenuous. After trying this for a minute or two
my supporting arm finally gave out and I came crashing down. Thankfully
I landed on my upper back, and my neck and head didn’t hit as hard as I
had feared they would.

After I recovered from the fall I began to appreciate the subtle pleasure
of the situation. I was beginning to enjoy the view, still enthralled with
the fishnets before my ankle began to hurt from supporting part of my body
weight, and because of the chain digging in to it. I decided to cut the
experience short, and go straight for the key and free myself, and then
maybe try the tie again with my legs a bit lower, and maybe tying my wrists
this time. It was this point that I suddenly realized the consequences
of misjudging the height at which my ankles were anchored.

I had measured out the distance to the key with my back flat on the
floor, not half of it hanging down from the bed. The key was going to be
a much tougher distance than I thought. I would have to pull myself across
the smooth hardwood floor so far that my legs would be pulled almost horizontally
before I could reach the key.

With much effort I walked myself back on my elbows pulling my legs up
taut, I really enjoyed the sight, but it took a great deal of effort to
hold myself there. I could only stretch myself far enough if I was supported
by both arms, the second I tried to stretch one of my arms out to try to
grab the key I’d fall back. I repeated the process several times, thinking
if I could just stretch hard enough I’d make it, before finally realizing
that it was hopeless.

This is when I discovered my second mistake. My safety, untying the
rope and then hopping over to the key relied on being able to reach the
rope. I hadn't had a problem reaching it on the other few occasions that
the key exceeded my grasp, but I was never half-suspended by my ankles
before while trying to do it.

Here I was, my wrists completely unbound, only my ankles tied and I
was completely helpless. I was truly getting frustrated at this point and
was starting to whine to myself when I decided to give it a shot and try
climbing back onto the bed by scaling my own legs. Obviously not an easy
thing to do, I lacked the upper body strength, the flexibility and just
couldn't get a strong enough grip on my legs to get anywhere.

I tried this a few times, quickly realizing that was not going to be
an option when I began having a very intense feeling that I was going to
pee. (I hadn’t ever masturbated at this age, and didn’t realize what was
coming, if you’ll pardon the pun) I was really freaking out thinking, “oh
no, I’m going to piss myself wearing my sister’s tights, someone’s definitely
going to notice that!” The intensity of the need kept growing and I resigned
myself to accept my fate, so rather than soil my sisters tights I pulled
down the tights and my underwear just in time to feel the most intense
pleasure I’d ever felt at that age.

It took me a moment upon seeing the discharge to realize what it was.
I suddenly remembered how I had always heard semen described “milky white”,
“slightly runnier than Elmer’s glue” etc. etc.

It was as I was feeling really relaxed, coming to grips with my first
orgasm that I got probably the biggest scare of my life. I heard my mom
and sister enter the house. Then as I was freaking out trying to figure
out how to get back up onto the bed I heard my sister running down the
hall towards my bedroom yelling my name, saying “Guess what!” I can’t remember
at this point what her impressive news was, but at that point she could
have told me we won the lottery, I didn’t want to hear it!

Repeatedly I yelled back, “Hold on! Go away!” I kept twisting about
trying to look at the door; however, each time I twisted I’d get a short
peek before quickly being pulled painfully back to my original position.
It was between these quick peeks at the door when I heard the noise that
made my heart drop; the knob of the bedroom door was turning. I hadn’t
thought to lock the door! Shit!

I kept straining to look at the door hoping by shear will I could prevent
it from opening, while continuing to yell “Go Away!” even as the door began
to crack open, but apparently in her excitement she didn’t hear me. I twisted
again and saw the door opened more, and again and it was almost all the
way open, then another look and I saw my sister’s face, the image of her
jaw dropped frozen in my head. I yelled “Go Away” again and she finally
closed the door and ran back up the hall.

I was so embarrassed and freaked out that I just began thrashing around
trying to escape my self-inflicted bondage until my legs flipped around
enough that the tiny rope finally snapped freeing me from the half suspended
position. In a split second I realized I was free and then jumped at the
key. Quickly I managed to open the lock, remove the bicycle chain, strip,
and get dressed before scurrying about cleaning up all the evidence of
my “dirty little secret.”

I was horrified to be caught. I kept hoping to myself that maybe she
heard me yell and ran before she realized what she had seen. I sat in my
room with the door closed, assuming by this time that my sister must have
told my mom what she’d seen me doing, imaging the look of shock and horror
on my mom’s face.

I continued waiting, for the inevitable, to actually have to explain
what I was doing to my mom, I couldn’t think of a single reason, no matter
how implausible, to explain either the position I was caught in, or the
way I was attired. Finally, I heard the familiar sound of my mom walking
down the hallway, and then her knock at the door, inwardly knowing she
was only knocking because she was sure I was in the same position and wanted
to spare me the embarrassment of being seen until giving her my consent
to walk in. I finally told her she could come in and I must have been shaking
like a leaf as she demanded to know why I was yelling at my sister.

Slowly I realized that maybe my sister had either not seen me, or she
hadn’t told my mom. A smile must have crept onto my face with the relief
that I might have gotten away with it, spared of the embarrassment. My
mom saw the smile and assumed that I thought that having yelled at my sister
was funny. As she got more irritated over it I became more relieved and
had to force myself to look repentant while apologizing.

Finally, after repeating my apology several times, trying to force the
feeling of relief out of my voice I convinced her I was sorry and she accepted
it and left without saying anything else.

I decided if my sister had seen anything she must have let it slip her
mind due to the preoccupation with whatever other news she wanted to tell
me because she never asked me what I was doing. I certainly didn’t want
to bring the subject up, cause I still couldn't come up with any answers
to the obvious question- "what were you doing?"

To this day I don’t know whether she didn't remember seeing anything,
did remember, and said something to my mom, or just somehow missed seeing
me altogether.

But with the exception of possibly being caught, I enjoyed the experience
thoroughly and have been practicing self-bondage ever since.

comments are welcome, write to Bound Anon at:
base2\_1000101@yahoo.com
