---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Living Doll
authors:
- Lilithtv
tags:
- Solo-F
- M/f
- lovedoll
- latex
- dollsuit
- enclosed
- lingerie
- oral
- sex
- cons
- X
date: 2006-02-25 00:00:00
---

Wendy
used her own key to open the door to Robert’s apartment. He wouldn’t be
home for two more hours, so she had plenty of time to prepare before he
arrived.

She
would need every minute, too, by her reckoning.

She
locked the door behind her and moved her packages into the section of the cozy
flat that Robert used for his living room.
Propped up on his leather sofa was the inspiration for her scheme:
Robert’s Real Doll (TM), the extremely lively sex mannequin he had
purchased two months earlier.

She
put her coat away in the closet and sat next to the doll.

Robert
had left it out dressed in a garnet-colored satin teddy and panties. A
matching garter belt held black seamed stockings up on its legs.
The doll’s feet were shod in black patent leather pumps with
five-inch spike heels -- shoes that could be walked in, but not for long.
Not that that mattered. The
doll never walked anywhere, anyhow. In
fact, it didn’t move at all.

Until
today, that is.

Wendy
opened the larger of the two boxes she had brought with her and spread its
contents on the couch next to the doll.

She
smiled wickedly. It was a perfect
match!

Limp
next to the silicone-filled rubber Real Doll (TM) was an empty “skin” made
of silicone rubber that was virtually identical to the artificial female.
She flipped the skin over to expose the almost invisible zipper that
ran from the crown of the “skin’s” head to just above its buttocks.
The zipper opened with barely a whisper and she stretched the soft and
pliable rubber skin open at the back.

Turning
the skin back over, she examined the creation with satisfaction.
It was her first opportunity to compare the rubber skin with the doll
that had served as its model. She
had smuggled Robert’s sex toy out for an afternoon while he was still at
work a few weeks earlier in order to have a plaster cast made of the expensive
mannequin, but she had to bring it back immediately afterward so it would be
waiting for Robert when he got home that night.
Despite the brief period of time the doll had been available, her
sculptor friend, Ida, had managed to make a perfect casting from it and to
take a complete roll of Polaroid photos of the doll in various poses.

Ida
had done a marvelous job replicating the dummy completely.
The skin had been molded in precisely the same dimensions as the
original doll, and the facial features -- voluptuous mouth, high cheekbones,
hooded bedroom eyes and elegant aquiline nose -- were a perfect match for
those of the dummy. She had done a
masterful job of detailing the rubber skin, duplicating the “makeup” that
was permanently painted onto the doll’s face: pouty, sex-swollen lips in a
slick crimson stain, dramatically arched auburn eyebrows carefully painted in
with a very fine sable brush, two tones of brownish eye shadow on the lids and
a trace of blush under the prominent cheekbones to set them off properly.

She
had attached acrylic fingernails to the doll’s molded fingertips and colored
them to match the lipstick, exactly the same as the Real Doll (TM).
She had painted plastic toenails in the same shade to finish off the
duplicate.

The
empty “skin” Wendy held before her lacked the shoulder-length soft auburn
curls of the doll, but that was a minor flaw.
Wendy had a hairpiece on a plastic foam stand in the second box that
was a perfect twin for the luxuriant hairstyle of the doll.
It could be slipped over the crown of the “skin’s” head easily
and combed into an identical hairdo with a few brush strokes.

In
fact, the only thing the duplicate doll-skin lacked that the original doll had
was the metal armature and silicone filling that made the doll
into an exact replica of a living woman.
The skin was just that: and
empty wrapper.

Wendy
grinned. Not for long, she thought
with glee.

She
set to work quickly, stripping the doll’s lingerie, shoes and stockings off
and laying them out on the couch. Then
she unbuttoned her blouse and began stripping, folding her own clothing
carefully and placing it into the box that had contained the rubber skin.

After
a few moments, she was completely naked.
She turned in front of the full-length mirror near the front door of
Robert’s apartment to examine herself before she started her transformation.
“Not too bad,” she
thought idly to herself as she critically appraised her slim, 5’ 4” frame
and full hips and bust. Ironically,
her body was almost identical in most respects to Robert’s doll.
She wore the same brassiere size, had the same hip measurements and a
waist that was only an inch or so bigger around than that of the dummy.
Her shoulders were slightly wider, her thighs almost imperceptibly
bigger. But a casual observer
presented with photographs of Wendy and the doll taken from the neck down
would have been hard pressed to tell one from the other.
Of course, there were a few peculiarities that would give her away to
somebody who knew her well. For
one thing, she had an appendectomy scar that was quite noticeable.
And of course, her skin felt like human skin -- not silicone rubber.

She
strode to Robert’s bathroom and patted herself down carefully and completely
with talcum powder until she was completely dusted with a fine coat of white.
Then she sat on the couch and opened the unzipped back of the
doll-skin, sliding her legs inside the rubber garment one at a time, then
standing to stretch them up and over her calves and thighs.
She manipulated the individually molded toes over her own like a pair
of gloves for her feet, stretching and tugging to get the doll feet perfectly
lined up over her own. It was
work, but not difficult: the
rubber Ida had used was soft and silky smooth, a formulation designed to be
flexible, yet hold its original shape and resume it once the stretching was
over.

With
her feet neatly tucked inside those of the doll-skin, Wendy worked the rest of
the garment up over her thighs and hips, then wriggled her bare arms into
those of the skin and quickly working her powdered fingers down into those of
the doll hands, stretching them on as if she was donning a pair of rubber
gloves for doing dishes -- only these were gloves that were attached to a
complete rubber body suit. With
the suit smoothly adjusted over her shoulders, her own breasts tightly stuffed
into the soft, flexible breasts of the skin, and the molded doll’s head
hanging above her rubber-covered breasts, Wendy took a deep breath and pulled
the silicone rubber head over her own like a bizarre latex balaclava.

The
moment of blindness was disorienting, but as soon as she had tugged the
doll’s head completely into place, stretching it over her own, she was able
to see again through the clever eyes that Ida had mounted in the mask and
breathe through the slender rubber tubes inside the doll’s nose that
extended up into her own nostrils. She
gripped the zipper at the back of the doll’s head clumsily with her
rubber-gloved and long-nailed artificial hands and managed to close the
opening, straining somewhat to pull the zipper all the way to the small of her
back. With a click, she locked the
fly in place and did some stretching exercises to make sure the snug-fitting
rubber suit was perfectly seated on her own feminine body.

Studying
herself in the full-length mirror, she was stunned.
Except for the hair, she was the identical twin of the rubber female
sitting naked on the couch. She
peered closely at the staring blue eye’s that peered at her under those
heavy lidded eyes and dark, curling lashes.
Ida had drilled 3/8th inch holes in a pair of prosthetic eyes similar
to the ones that had been used in the Real Doll (TM) and had glued them in
place inside the doll-skin’s empty eye holes.

Wendy
could see clearly through the holes in the pupils, although her peripheral
vision was just about nonexistent. The
holes were disguised by small clear plastic covers that Ida had glued over
them, and the inside of the mask was so dark that Wendy’s own eyes could not
be seen through the small openings. She
reached up and gently touched the mask’s right cheek with one of her
silicon-rubber clad hands, drawing the red nail on her forefinger down the
hollow under her exaggerated cheekbone and then sliding her finger inside her
voluptuous crimson lips lasciviously. It
was astonishing: it looked as if
the doll on the couch had suddenly come to life!

Wendy
opened the second box and drew out the auburn wig, shook it out briefly, then
pulled it over the bald crown of her doll-head.
She adjusted the wig’s bangs and the curls at the sides and back,
combing them out gently with her rubber-covered fingers until they
approximated the tousled tresses of the doll on the couch.
Wendy sat down beside her duplicate on the couch and marveled at their
amazingly close resemblance: The
pair were identical twins curls in almost every respect.

“I
always wanted a sister,” Wendy said, finally.
“I never even thought about having a twin, though.”

She
giggled at the though, noting with satisfaction that the doll-skin’s mouth
moved exactly with her own.

Glancing
at the clock on the mantle, she quickly donned the doll’s stockings, wrapped
the garter belt around her own trim tummy and clipped the tops of the nylons
to the four suspenders that dangled from the garment.
She pulled on the doll’s panties and red teddy, then slipped her own
feet into the doll’s black patent stilettos.
The pumps were about a half size too small, but Wendy didn’t care.
After all, it wasn’t like she was planning to go on a hike!

With
a little effort, she wrestled her naked twin up off the couch and stowed her
in a bedroom closet that Robert used for storage, along with the box
containing her clothing and the one her red wig had come in.

Another
glance at the clock showed that she had managed her substitution with time to
spare: Robert wouldn’t get home
for another 45 minutes.

She
fished a cigarette from a teak box on Robert’s coffee table and placed it
between her new rubber doll-face lips carefully, becoming used to the somewhat
clumsy feel of the tight rubber hands with their impractical long red nails.
Using a large metal lighter from the table, she stepped in front of the
full-length mirror and used her reflection to guide her in lighting the
cigarette. She replaced the
lighter and, walking with rather exaggerated mincing steps in the sky-high
stiletto pumps, strode back to the mirror to examine her image and make sure
she could pass for the realistic rubber doll.

The
reflection in the mirror was totally disconcerting.
It was as if she was looking at a totally different woman standing
there. She took a deep drag and
let smoke drift from the doll-face’s slender nostrils languidly.
She smiled at her image and the stranger in the mirror smiled back in
an unfamiliar way. Taking another
puff, she exhaled a thin stream of smoke and thought back to the first time
she had seen Robert’s inanimate girlfriend.

He
had meant to shock her and he had succeeded completely.
He had left the doll sprawled on the living room couch in a suggestive
pose one evening while he had her over for drinks.
He mixed her cocktail for her in the kitchen, then led her out to his
living room without a word.

When
she spotted the semi-nude female, Wendy had reacted with surprised fury,
turning on him and cursing him and his “harlot girlfriend” as Robert
howled with helpless laughter. It
took him several minutes to convince her that the woman on the couch was only
an expensive toy, not a rival. Once
she understood that she had been the victim of a rather juvenile joke, she was
fascinated by the doll and insisted on a complete tour of the lifelike
artificial female.

Afterwards,
she had been puzzled.

“What
is it good for?” she had asked in bafflement.
“I mean, I guess you can fuck it, but it doesn’t respond in any
way. It just lies there and takes
it -- in the mouth, cunt or ass. That
doesn’t seem like much fun to me. Just
a very expensive way to masturbate.”

Robert
became defensive. “It’s just a
toy, that’s all,” he had responded huffily.
“It doesn’t have to be good for anything.
It’s just the high-end equivalent of those blow up dolls they sell in
the porno bookstores, only more realistic.”

Wendy
looked at him with an amused expression. “I
will have to take your word on what they have in porno bookstores,”
she said. “I don’t
spend that much time in them, myself. As
for those blow-up dolls, you mean the ones that are sometimes described as
‘marital aids?’ Well, I
thought the whole point of one of those was ... well, a hole point!”

She
giggled as his face reddened.

“Okay,
okay,” he stammered. “They are
for sex, I admit it.”

Wendy
tried to control her smile and failed. “Aren’t
I enough for you, honey?” she
said, breaking into a giggle. “If
anything, I thought I might be wearing you out in bed.”

Robert
smiled himself, then laughed out loud.

“Well,
you are right,” he said finally.
“I can’t complain about the quality or the quantity of sex we have
together. Far from it.
I consider myself very lucky, actually.
But I saw one of these on the Internet and I just had to have it.
Besides,” he looked at
her appraisingly, “you aren’t always around when I get horny, and
girlfriend here may be able to fill the gaps when you are out of town on a
business trip or whatever.”

Wendy
patted his cheek affectionately. “Well,
I wouldn’t want you to have to do without a nice bit of nooky when I am not
around,” she said with a smile. “I
know those long lonely nights when I am gone must be a trial for you.
And if this is more appealing than a date with your old girlfriend,
Rosy Palm, I am all for it. I
would rather have you tearing off a piece of ass with a plastic plaything than
with some bimbo you met in a cruise bar.

“Just
don’t try to wrangle me into a threesome with your little pretend
girlfriend,” she had added in a parting shot.
“I’m kinky, but not kinky enough to want to share my man with
another woman who is made out of rubber.”

Wendy
smiled at the recollection and lolled back on the couch, a trickle of smoke
trailing from the nostrils of her lifelike doll’s face.

“I
might not be kinky enough to want to make love with Robert and a rubber
doll,” she said, twisting her doll’s face in a sardonic smile, “but I am
definitely kinky enough to want to make love with him AS the rubber doll.”

She
glanced at the clock on Robert’s mantle.
It was almost 6 p.m. He
would be home shortly after six.

She
rose and minced into the bedroom, took a final drag from the cigarette and
flushed it and the residue from the ashtray she had been using in the toilet.
Exhaling smoke through her doll’s nostrils, she bent close to the
mirror and examined her face a last time.
Then she flipped off the bathroom light and returned to the gloom of
the living room.

Settling
on the couch, she arranged herself into an approximation of the pose the doll
had been in when she arrived, letting her head list slightly to the left as if
she were listening to something, her shapely rubber and nylon clad legs
crossed neatly, one hand open, palm up on her lap while her other arm
stretched along the back of the sofa. Satisfied
with the simulation, she let her mind drift while she waited for her lover to
arrive.

Robert
entered his apartment a few minutes past six, hung his coat in the closet near
the door and walked into the living room.
“Hi, gorgeous!” he said to the doll with a grin.

Wendy
had to struggle to keep from answering back.

He
disappeared into the kitchen for a moment and came out with a bottle of beer
and a Pilsener glass, a slightly puzzled look on his face.
He poured the beer carefully, looking at the doll with admiration, then
set the empty bottle on the bar counter that separated the dining and living
rooms. He loosened his tie and
moved to the couch, sipping at the beer.

“Well,
honey,” he said as he sat down next to the staring scantily-clad rubber
redhead and craned his neck to scan the room as if looking for something.
“Seems like it is going to be you and me tonight.
Wendy doesn’t return from
her out-of-town trip until Sunday night. Here
it is Saturday, and you know Saturday night is the loneliest night of the
week. At least, that’s what they
say in the song.”

For
a moment after he finished speaking, Robert was silent, listening alertly and
sipping his beer. After a minute
or so, he sighed as if disappointed, placed the beer on the coffee table and
turned his eyes to the doll for the first time.

“Well,
it looks like it really is just the two of us,”
he said with a smile. He
reached out and touched the doll’s left cheek with the tips of his fingers,
then frowned and placed his palm on the side of doll-Wendy’s silicone rubber
face.

Inside
the mask, Wendy strained to remain passive, barely breathing as Robert stroked
her face and let his hand slide down over her shoulder and upper arm.

“You
DO seem attractive tonight,” Robert said with a tone of amusement.
“Maybe a date with you is just what I need -- a nice, old-fashioned
girl who will let me do whatever I want with her, with no complaints and no
regrets.”

Robert
dropped his hand onto Wendy’s silky soft doll-thigh and slipped it up her
leg to the silky hand-rooted hair of her silicone rubber mons veneris.
The pressure was extraordinarily pleasant to her, trussed up inside her
rubber costume, and she fought to stifle a moan of enjoyment.
Robert leaned forward and pressed his lips against the doll-mask’s
voluptuous mouth, then kissed harder, forcing the tip of his tongue between
the latex lips slightly. Meanwhile,
he kept busy with his hand in Wendy’s crotch, pressing his middle finger
into the soft pulpy lips of the doll-skin’s molded rubber vagina.

Wendy
stayed inert, although a warm glow was now spreading through her groin.
The pressure on her real vulva, just below its molded rubber
counterpart, was incredibly arousing. She
could feel her body temperature rising, and her lips growing puffy with desire
inside the slickly-painted rubber mouth of the mask.
She was beginning to realize how difficult it was going to be to remain
passive and play the doll during this little charade.

Robert
undid his belt and unbuttoned the top of his pants.
Standing, he kicked off his loafers and let his trousers and briefs
drop to the floor. Using both
hands, he reached down and pulled the Wendy-doll’s head forward toward his
now totally engorged penis. He
guided the tip of his cock into the doll’s sensual pouting lips and Wendy
relaxed to admit its throbbing shaft.

Pumping
back and forth, Robert slowly and gently fucked the doll’s mouth, moaning
slightly with pleasure as his member repeatedly vanished into the doll’s
slick red lips only to reappear again an instant later.
“Oh, God, that is so good,” he
murmured as he speeded up his strokes. “I
don’t remember you having this deep a throat, baby.”

Wendy
tasted his salty precum and tried to brace for his orgasm.
She tended to gag slightly when Robert climaxed in her mouth and she
feared she would involuntarily choke if he shot into her doll mouth,
prematurely ending her masquerade. She
hated for the charade to end. She
was enjoying her doll act immensely. She
found having sex with Robert while dressed as a rubber doll amazingly exciting
and wildly erotic.

But
for some reason, Robert decided not to come in the Wendy-doll’s mouth.
Instead, he slid his throbbing member out, tilted the doll over
sideways and splayed her legs out wide. He
pulled down the garnet panties that covered the doll’s lifelike “bush”
of synthetic hair, positioned himself between the Wendy-doll’s spread legs
and gently pushed his cock into the soft latex lips of the rubber vagina and
into the juicy maw of his lover’s real love tunnel.

Wendy
was sure she was going to immediately groan with pleasure as Robert entered
her, but she managed to refrain. Robert’s
cock felt immense inside her as he pumped, and it was all she could do to keep
her hands limply on his shoulders where he had positioned them.

His
strokes were getting shorter and shorter now and she knew from past experience
that he would come very soon. She
struggled to remain inert, even though she was on the cusp of climax herself.
When he finally shot off inside her with a massive spasm and a deep
groan, she came simultaneously, her cunt tightening rhythmically on his shaft.

When
it was all over, Robert simply sprawled spent on her rubber-covered body, his
gasps slowly giving over to gentle, rhythmic breathing.

Still
inside her, he raised himself by one arm and fished a cigarette out of the
tray on the coffee table. He lit
it, then reached for another one and put it between the doll’s pouty lips.

“I
imagine you will want one of these now, too,” he said with a smile.
“I know you haven’t had one since before I got home -- Wendy,
dear!”

“Augh!”
Wendy said, pushing him off her with a laugh.
“You rotten rat! How long
have you know it was me?”

Robert,
laughing too, freed her so she could sit, doll-like next to him.
The cigarette still protruded from her latex lips, and he used the
lighter on the table to give it flame.

“Well,”
he said, studying her carefully with admiration, “first of all, I smelled
fresh cigarette smoke when I walked into the apartment.
Then I saw your coat hanging in my closet when I put my own away.
I went to get a beer, figuring you were hiding and would pop out
someplace to surprise me when I sat down.

“But
you didn’t show up, even though I kept looking around for you,” he
continued, drawing on his cigarette and exhaling a thin stream.
“To be honest, I never suspected that you were inside the doll until
I touched its cheek. That was what
gave you away.”

Wendy
took a drag and exhaled smoke through her doll’s nostrils.
“What do you mean?” she
asked. “The rubber of this
doll-skin feels exactly like the rubber of your synthetic girlfriend.
How could you tell it was me inside?”

Robert
laughed. “The doll’s skin is
always right around room temperature, unless it is seated next to a heat
source of some kind.,” he explained. “When
I touched your cheek, the rubber felt just the same as the doll, but it was
warm to the touch, like human skin. You
wore it long enough to heat it up. Actually,
it doesn’t feel all that different from human skin when it is warmed up.”

He
laid his hand on the side of her face, and she covered it with her own rubber
doll’s hand. “I don’t know
how you did it, though,” he said
softly. “You look exactly like
the doll. Although you certainly
don’t feel anything like her.”

She
took a drag off her cigarette and exhaled as her blue, staring doll’s eyes
remained fixed on him. “If you
knew it was me, why didn’t you just say something?”
she asked finally, giving her rubber doll’s face a slight smile.

Robert
shrugged with a grin. “Frankly,
I wanted to see how far you were willing to go with your doll act,” he said.
“I figured sooner or later you would have to break character. After
all, you were the person who pointed out that the doll didn’t really do
anything. ‘It just lies there and takes it,’ were the words you used, if
I remember correctly.”

Wendy
stubbed out her cigarette and snuggled next to him, placing her rubber-encased
head on his shoulder. “And that
isn’t my style, is it, dear?” she
purred. “I am definitely not the
passive type. My performance
tonight was very much out of character for me.”

Robert
extinguished his own cigarette. “I
was surprised you stayed in character so completely,” he said, stroking her
rubbery shoulder. “A little
disappointed too, I guess. I was
sort of hoping my doll would come to life for me, since I knew you were inside
it.”

Wendy
giggled. “Well, you are going to
get your wish, honey,” she said,
brushing his mouth with her voluptuous rubbery lips.
“This doll is VERY horny, and she has lots of energy left.
Making love with you inside this rubber suit really turns me on, and I
am planning to spend the rest of the night as your very own living doll!”

END
