---
original_url: https://www.packagedstories.net/storieslr/last_train_to_grimsby.html
subcategory: Packaged/Encasement
title: Last Train to Grimsby
authors:
- Jezziebelle
tags:
- M/f
- case
- transported
- bond
- bagged
- boxed
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2005-06-12 00:00:00
---

Packaged Story Contest 2005 Entrant

The train clanked on through dark, damp countryside towards its unattractive
destination. Scattered sparsely around its seats, the passengers were largely
late-night commuters, looking tired in business clothes.

Joe had been unobtrusively watching the woman who sat opposite him several
seats away on the dimly lit, rattling train for some time now. She was
clearly tired, and hadn’t noticed him. She wore a demure yet stylish blouse
and skirt, and elegant heels. As he turned the page of his newspaper and
flicked another glance her way, she shifted in her seat and gave a sigh.
In his mind’s eye, the sigh came filtered through a thick layer of packing
material, and the slight movements of her body were against the ropes that
held her tightly balled. In reality, she crossed her legs, took a sip from
a bottle of water, and rested her head back against the headrest, eyes
closed, oblivious of his attention.

As the train plunged into a tunnel and the lights flickered, Joe stood
up and walked unsteadily up the corridor towards the next carriage.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Marie opened her eyes as the train drew to a standstill at yet another
tiny rural station with an unmemorable name. Travelling at night was depressing.
At the end of her journey, only a hotel room to greet her, and a tedious
meeting in the morning.

She noticed that she was now the only person left in her carriage. Glancing
over her shoulder, she could see that there were other passengers in the
next carriage, so she relaxed and looked down again at the file open on
her lap. Strange. Lying on top of the report she had been reading was a
folded piece of paper. Vaguely curious, she picked it up.

'I’d like to wrap you up, nice and tight, and keep you safe till morning.
Does that sound better than wherever you’re going? If not, I’ll leave you
alone. If it does, then come with me. There’s a large black case on the
luggage rack in front of you. You should fit inside it nicely. You can
trust me, I promise'.

Marie’s heartbeat drummed hard in her chest as she read the handwritten
note, the hand that held it unnaturally still. Slowly, she lifted her head
and there, right in her line of vision was the luggage rack, with one sole
case standing at ground level.

The train was speeding up again, rattling her onward to her destination.
Dark shapes fled past the windows and the wind buffeted the carriage angrily.
She must be mad to think the case looked more appealing than her small
but clean hotel room…

She was just lonely, that was all. Tired, travelling late at night,
cold, and with a long week ahead of her… Thoughts of warm, safe cocoons
often assailed her in her miserable moments. This was just one of them.
There was nothing wrong with that, surely.

It must be a joke, she thought, and stood up to examine the case. A
strong feeling of unreality descended on her when she put an unsteady hand
to the zip, and opened it to reveal the empty space within. Heart thumping
once more, she returned swiftly to her seat, resolutely ignoring the case
till the next station.

Madness, sheer madness. No sane person would put themselves at a stranger’s
mercy like that. And yet, and yet…

Two women entered her carriage at the stop, and Marie was half relieved
there was someone there to stop her. But twenty minutes later, they got
off the train, and all there was between her and the final stop was the
case…

Of course she wouldn’t. Just because a stranger had propositioned her
with the very thing her heart at that moment desired most was no reason
to put herself in danger. She shook her head and settled herself back down
again to read.

It was then that she noticed him. Sitting in the next carriage along,
elbows resting on his knees, chin in his hands, watching her nervously.
A youngish man, dark hair, soft features. Safe. Comforting. And what was
more, she recognised him.

They’d chatted before on the late train to Grimsby, she recalled. And
that one night, when the train had broken down, and no taxis could get
through the snow, when they’d had to stay in the small station hotel –
separate rooms, of course – and they’d got resoundingly drunk together
in the bar, neither of them used to drinking, but somehow comfortable enough
in each other’s company to let go. What had they talked about? Sex, she
knew; everything after that was a haze. Had she confessed her strange desires?
Apparently so… They hadn’t met since, and she’d been too tired to notice
he was on the train now.

Marie watched him for several moments, turning thoughts over in her
mind till he raised his eyes. As their eyes met, he stood up slowly, and
turned away. Giving her the privacy she needed, thought Marie…

Lightheaded, not quite believing what she was doing but intent upon
it anyway, Marie tidied her papers away into her bag. She knew deep inside
that she could trust him, but it was still folly to do what she was going
to do. With a feeling of vertigo she slid her bag far underneath her seat,
keys and money and everything all shut within it. If she was going to do
this, she was going to do it properly. He might never ask again.

The interior of the case really didn’t seem big enough for her. She
laid it down on the bottom layer of the rack and opened the lid as far
as it would go. Driven by a compulsion she didn’t understand, she stepped
delicately into it, her feet by the wheels. She lay down on her side, her
knees drawn tightly up to her chest, her head bent forward, pressed against
the sides of the case from all angles. It would be too much work now to
sit up and take her high heeled shoes off to give her more room, so they
stayed on, restricting her space even more. Breathing fast, watching the
light fade from the case, she pulled the lid down on top of her and worked
the twin zips round with her fingertips till they almost met in front of
her eyes.

For the few minutes before the train pulled into its destination, Marie
lay quivering inside the case, feeling herself turn from person into package.
As the train slowed down, barely glimpsed fingers zipped the case completely
closed, inserting a small padlock through the rings at the ends of the
zips. There was nothing she could do now but go along for the ride..

\*\*\*\*\*\*

Joe hadn’t known if she was actually in there or not till he tried to
lift the case and found it heavy as a human being. A grin spreading across
his face, he manhandled it from the train and set it upon its wheels on
the platform, sliding out the telescopic handle so he could pull it after
him. The weight of the case, and the way it bumped over potholes and kerbs,
was deeply satisfying. He traipsed happily across the station concourse
and into the car park, thrilled by the fact he was the only person who
knew what was inside his luggage.

He had barely believed his ears when Marie had whispered drunkenly to
him, that snowy night, that she fantasised about being packed up like an
object, but shh, don’t tell anyone. What were the chances of finding someone
potentially willing to submit to his own need to pack up women in unfeasibly
small containers? Their slurred conversation had quickly turned to other
things, but he remembered that moment with crystal clarity. And now, he
had her locked in his case…

Looking down at the silent, still case sitting beside him, he began
to hum. With one swift movement, he heaved the case up into the boot of
his car, then slammed the door shut with no more regard for the contents
of his case than if it really had been a week’s worth of clothes. Oh, this
was fun…

Locked in the boot of Joe’s car, the case containing Marie was driven
for several miles out into the country before it was wheeled into his house.
Marie, curled up inside in the pitch black, experimented with escape, found
it was impossible, and moaned gently to herself.

Inside, Joe wasted no time in setting the case on a low table, and unlocking
the padlock. Eager as a kid at Christmas, he wanted to examine his surprise.
Blinking up at him from her foetal position, her business clothes so incongruous,
Marie was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen.

He helped her silently down from the case, her legs a little wobbly
after her confinement. She looked around, taking in a large open plan kitchen
that merged into a living room with a real coal fire. Underfoot, her heels
rang against large, square flagstones that made up the floor of the converted
cottage. A grand, yet somehow minimalist space.

Wasting no time – for this was a long-held fantasy, for them both –
Joe had turned away and was now picking up a box and showing it to Marie.
A perfect cube, about two thirds of a metre wide, made from inch thick,
featureless plywood painted a beautiful pale blue on the outside. He’d
prepared it the day after the snow, never imagining he would get to use
it.

He turned his generous, enthusiastic face towards her.

‘Would you like to spend the night all wrapped up in here?’ he asked
directly, as Marie wondered how on earth two people had ever found each
other who both thought this was a normal thing to do. She smiled, and nodded.
‘OK,’ she replied, wanting nothing more than to be safely packed up inside
it. She’d been devastated when she’d been released from the case.

As Joe gathered the equipment that he needed, and replaced the case
with the box on the coffee table, Marie slipped out of her clothes and
stood naked before him. With an appreciative gaze, he stepped towards her
and gestured for her to open her mouth. She did as asked, and allowed him
to squeeze a large rubber ballgag between her teeth. Protruding from the
centre was a long, stiff breathing tube.

First he bound her legs, her knees tight together and ankles crossed,
her heels drawn up to her bum. He used many carefully applied loops of
soft white rope, cinching her thighs, knees, calves and ankles together,
then bending her feet back so her thighs could be securely attached to
her calves. Feeling herself being rolled up tight, bit by bit, Marie became
progressively happier. Unable to talk, and soon unable to move, having
all control taken away from her was very potent. The perfect antidote to
her horribly stressful job; the perfect alternative to her depressing week
in Grimsby.

As she knelt on the floor, Joe put her arms behind her back and made
her hold each elbow with the opposite hand. Then he wrapped rope around
her parallel forearms till no flesh could be seen between the wrappings.
A brace of rope also held her upper arms in position behind her back, so
she couldn’t pull them apart and try to wriggle out of the ropes holding
her forearms.

By dint of much muscle power, and thanks to Marie’s natural flexibility,
Joe slowly worked Marie’s chest lower and lower until her breasts touched
her thighs and were crushed ever more tightly against them. Sweat broke
out on Joe’s brow as he looped rope around her compacted body and tied
it all into place, but when he stood back he’d done a good job: she didn’t
unroll a millimetre. He sat her up so that he could see to her head. Making
sure the breathing tube was unimpeded, he carefully pushed her head down
towards her knees and secured it there. Her eyes gleamed at him as he did
so.

He was keen to finish the job, but couldn’t stop himself from teasing
her a little: he gave her tightly balled body a nudge, and smiled broadly
as she tipped helplessly over onto her side. The sight reminded him of
something. Leaving her on her side, he kneeled next to her and began to
work two fat dildos inside her, ignoring the muffled moans that came from
her buried face. In his opinion, there was no point packing someone up
properly if you didn’t take care of internal cavities first.

An opaque black cotton bag soon contained the bound Marie, now sitting
back up with the breathing tube sticking through a small hole in the material.
Joe knotted the neck of the bag closed and used it to heave Marie up onto
the coffee table, and thence into the wooden box. The breathing tube slotted
into a purpose cut hole near the bottom of the box. She was a perfect fit,
he realised with a swell of pride. He was getting good at picking them.

There wasn’t much room left in the box, but what little room there was
he packed with polystyrene beads, squeezing them in till they were all
deformed against each other, holding Marie tight in their embrace. He piled
them high on top of her as well, and pushed the lid swiftly down, hoping
to trap as many as possible inside the box.

With one knee holding the lid in place, Joe picked up his hammer and
began to nail shut the box. Ten nails held each side tightly down. Thud.
Thud. Thud. Soon nothing was left of Marie but a wooden cube: a perfect,
featureless, tightly packed box.

Before he allowed himself a proper look at his creation, he cleared
the room of Marie’s clothes and all his equipment. Only then did he stand
in awe in front of the perfect, pale blue box that sat silently on his
coffee table, humming with a silent human energy but otherwise inert. Even
the hole for the breathing tube wasn’t really visible, since it was hidden
behind a fine gauze in the same colour as the rest of the box.

Joe relaxed into his favourite chair next to the lit fire, with a bottle
of scotch and a smile on his face. Was there anything more beautiful than
a well packaged woman? He thought not. He couldn’t take his eyes off the
box, wondering what she was feeling inside. Totally helpless, held immobile,
compacted down into a tiny box sealed shut with heavy duty nails…

On a sudden urge he stood up, and wandered over to the box, stroking
its sides gently. Then he picked it up, and carried it to the middle of
the floor. The beauty of a cube was that it was the same from all angles.
Slowly, he tipped it over till it came to rest on its side. Then again,
and again, and again, till he had no idea what way up it was supposed to
go.

Grinning broadly, he rolled the box to the foot of his chair and settled
down again, feet resting on it.

He thought this one was a keeper. Not all of the women who’d agreed
to let him pack them up had been too enamoured of the final product. When
he’d released them in the morning, they’d been sore with cramp, wild-eyed
with anger, and inclined to prosecute – at least till a fat cheque from
his inheritance had kept them quiet. But Marie, he thought, she wouldn’t
be like that. She’d be sad when he prised open the nailed-shut lid. She
was born to be cocooned. Like Sally, Jane and the others whose names he’d
never found out, who had all agreed to stay and were still here.

In fact, mused Joe, when I’ve finished this drink I’ll make a start
pulling up a flagstone. It will save a job in the morning. After he’d unpacked
Marie, told her of his intention, and – assuming she said yes – had repackaged
her with catheter, water tube and food tube in place, it would be a blessing
to have the square hole under one of the flagstones all ready to use. He’d
also weld metal braces round the box to add another layer of protection
to the nailed lid. He’d tell Marie exactly what he was going to do, so
she’d know, inside her box, how the sounds and vibrations she could feel
were making her more and more secure inside.

He’d drop her blue box into the ground by the window, near Sally, because
Marie reminded him of her. Then he’d pack the earth in tightly around it,
smooth off the top, and heave the flagstone back into place, going round
the edges with cement to make it look like it had never been disturbed.

Suddenly reminded, he made a note to himself to buy more tubing before
he unpacked Marie in the morning: he didn’t think he had enough to run
from her new home to the power house, as he called it, where the bodily
needs of all his women were taken care of. How many times had he done this
now? He couldn’t recall exactly without thinking back and counting, but
it was a quite a few – and yet not enough. There were a lot of flagstones
in his house.

Marie, deep in a trance inside her box, was unaware of Joe’s plans.
Would she agree to them? Only the morning would tell. For now, for the
next twelve hours or so, she was packed up so tightly, so safely that nothing
else mattered. She tried to imagine what she looked like from the outside,
and the image of a still, quiet blue box hung in her mind. Sighing deeply,
smiling to no one but herself inside her box, she waited.
