---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storieslr/linda_workout.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Linda’s Workout Bench
authors:
- Fred Bolton
tags:
- Sbf
- cuffs
- fuckmachine
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2008-03-24 00:00:00
---

I was kind of a tomboy when I grew up because my dad was a contractor
and I was around building sites a lot and I helped them do some of the
small things. As I got older, my dad had me work my way though school helping
build houses and offices in our town. I had gotten pretty good at it and
had learned more than some of the guys I worked with. I also had gotten
a great body to match with the hard work and also getting older.

Now I'm 26 and have a 38, 25, 36 shape that the guys say is better than
any they had seen, brown eyes and auburn hair turn heads around this town.
I had dated some of the guys here and we had fun and I liked them, but
when it came to sex I couldn’t seem to get enough and would be let down
every time I tried to get them to last longer. All they seem to want is
wham, bam, thank you mam! I know I was missing something but I couldn’t
put my finger on it. My dad always said, “ If you want something done right,
do it yourself “. So I had gotten a 7-inch dildo and I had a better time
with that and was getting closer to bigger orgasms each time I used it.

Still something wasn’t quite right, by using my hands to hold it and
having to concentrate on the movements I would lose some of the excitement
that would build in me as I worked it in and out my hungry love hole. Then
one day as I was in a book store looking around I found a book on bondage
with pictures of girls tied up in all kinds of positions and a light went
off in my head, if I were tied down and had something to push and pull
the dildo in and out I could lay back and enjoy the hard dicking I would
receive, shit I almost came right then and there thinking about it. 
I bought the book and headed out home to read and look at all the pictures.

Now at home I really got worked up and before I know it I had the dildo
all the way in and worked myself up to a big nerve bending orgasm. I had
to do something to satisfy this new found turn-on. Today was Friday and
since I had my own house and had a two-car garage and half of it was empty
and had a plan. After work I went to the local lumber yard and got some
wood to make a bench and a electric motor and some iron rods and some ring
fasteners, a pulley and a 24 hour timer and some wire and a sliding control
switch, some chain and two heavy springs. Next stop was at a adult toy
store that some of the guys had mentioned to me, there I bought leg and
wrist cuffs in leather and a neck collar to match, 5 locks with keys, the
clerk was very helpful but I think he would have done me right then and
there if I let him. Got to go I said.

Well back at my house now with all my goodies and two whole days to
build my  “ work-out bench “ as I was now thinking of it as I laid
everything out to start making it. First I built the bench 6 feet long
and at one end of the last 3 feet I made it so that it would split right
up the centre and go about 24 inches apart, this is were my legs would
be and would hold me spreadeagle so the motor driven dildo could have a
good target to slide into. With this done I covered the bench with some
black leather I had from a couch I had done before and then I placed the
rings on both sides of the bench. Next I secured the pulley that I had
gotten to the head of the bench and ran some chain though it and then fixed
the spring so it would pull back away from me once I was on the table and
locked in.

Then came the motor and the drive wheel. I mounted the motor to a stand
and made a oblong disk about 7 inches around and put it on the motor, to
this I drilled a hole on one end and put a metal pin that stuck out 1 inch
so every time it went around the pin would push the next rod I had made
like a  l shape in reverse and it was fixed on a 2x2 padded board
that I set just high enough so that with me in the middle and the long
dildo attached it would go in at a good angle and stop at the edge of the
table when it hit. On the other end I placed the other big spring to pull
it back when the motor had gone the other half way around .

Now almost done I ran the wire to the top of the bench were the pulley
was, this I fixed with a rheostat slide bar that would control the speed
of the motor, if I didn’t pull on it would go slowly but if I pulled on
it the faster it would allow the disk to turn and the faster I would get
fucked. The very thought of that made me want to jump on and fire it up,
but I had better finish every thing first . I had ordered a 8-inch dildo
some time ago from a catalogue but had not tried it out yet. What was different
about this one was it had bumps on it and it was 2 inches round with a
squeeze ball that you pumped up to about 3 inches around, I wasn’t sure
I was ready for that yet, but if i’m going to do this right I might as
well go for the gold, so I strapped it to the 2x2 board and laid down on
the table to check the distance I had to have for the ball on my back side.
Better go to bed tonight and rest up for tomorrow, it was going to be one
hell of a day.

I had a hard time sleeping with all the plans I had for myself and the
sheer excitement of trying out my workout bench for the first time. Saturday
came early and I was ready for whatever would happen to me. I got the ice
tray out that I had learned about from the book that would hold my escape
keys out of reach till the ice melted and would drop them in my hand so
I could unlock my wrist cuffs and get free. I went out to the garage and
plugged in the 24 hour timer, but didn’t set it yet because I wanted to
take a trial run first, so I hopped up on the bench and laid down on the
cool leather and slowly slid down onto this big dildo until it was all
the way inside me. It really felt great as it slid into me with the bumps
starting to fuel the fires within me and getting my pussy lips wet with
excitement. I have to calm myself down now, there’s time for that later,
so I back off of it and hop down to the floor and plug in the motor, I
then go to the head of the bench and pull on the pulley. The motor starts
to work faster and I can see every thing is moving just the way I planned
it to work, I let go of the pulley and the motor and disk and 2x2 all start
to slow way down. The forward movement and the pull back movement look
just right so now it’s all up to me, add one hot female and strap her down
and turn it on and let her fly.

I quickly got undressed and put on the ankle cuffs and the wrist cuffs,
then the collar and add my high heel boots that lace up to my knees. As
I walk past the mirror I catch a look at myself and boy am I hot to get
fucked. I go to the garage and set the timer to come on in 15 minutes and
run for one hour, and then I run the string with the ice on it that holds
the keys just over my head to the o-ring. Ready. I hop up on the bench
and put one lock into the right leg cuff and lock it, then the left one
and it locks with me spreadeagle inches away from the big dildo, I move
forward and slide it in slowly to make sure it is fully forward as far
as it can go. Now I’m impaled on this monster and I put the ball under
my ass, careful not to squeeze it. Then I reach up to the top and with
the lock in my hand I run it though the chain and to the other wrist cuff
and then take a deep breath, the moment has come, click it locks, now there
is no possible escape for now, what happens, happens.

As I lay here waiting for the motor to start, I realize this already
has some strange effect on me because I’ve never felt this free in my live.
Free to feel all the raw emotions that my body is sending out with-in itself.
I can pull, but can’t get free, I can twist a little but can’t escape,
I have set myself up for a real hard fucking and I’m loving it already
and I’m at the mercy of something I designed to do just that. I love the
way that I have no control and this self-bondage idea is a god send to
me. The sheer anticipation of what’s to come has my nerves doing double
time and my cunt is starting to tighten around this bumpy intruder waiting
for it to spring to life. Then I hear it, the buzz of the motor starting
up suddenly the dick inside me backed out fast, but I knew what was coming
next as the disk Dow made contact with the long l" shaped rod, the dick
started coming back in me and just as it went all the way in it started
to be pulled out again be the spring like a shot, this worked damn well
and as long as I didn’t pull to much on my wrist the motor would turn at
a good pumping cycle and this already was juicing me up and the warm glow
of my first orgasm was building up inside of me, the bumps on the dildo
was having quite an effect on my pussy.

As I tried to match the thrust of the cock into me with my own thrust
forward but as I did this I pulled on my bound hands and the motor started
to go faster and the action was really starting to heat up, the hotter
I got, the closer I came to the edge, the more I pulled on the pulley and
the faster that dam thing went in and out of me. It must have been like
a blur at the time I finally exploded in a gush of fluid and stars flashing
before my eyes ,wow! That had to be the mother of all orgasms I though
but I was having a hard time catching my breath because the motor was still
going to fast and I was already starting to go to the next earth moving
orgasm and as it started to take me I shifted my hips back and but I had
forgotten about the squeeze ball under my butt , this started to add air
to the dildo and before I know what I was doing it had grown to it’s full
3 inches of torment and the size was making new claims of my already stretched
pussy and it’s bumpy outside was starting to drive me up the wall again
, I had maybe got more than I could handle this time .

I was being fucked by a 3 inch cock, faster than anything I could have
dreamed up and I can’t do anything but lay here and enjoy it to the fullest.
Spread-eagled, tied and helpless there is nothing I could do if I wanted
to until the ice drops the keys or the timer shuts the motor off. I finally
came down enough to relax my pull on my arms and then the motor started
to slow down, I had forgotten that I still could slow it down as long as
I didn’t pull hard on the pulley switch. Now it was feeling better to me
and I could relax my pussy muscles so I could get the full effect of the
hard jabs that I was receiving in and out, boy was I stuffed to the hilt
with this thing too. The size and constant drilling that I was getting
brought me to the next and hardest orgasm I had ever dreamed one person
could live thru, I jerked violently and was met with faster and faster
strokes till I thought I would pass out from sheer joy and torment combined
.

As I dropped back down mercifully the motor shut down, my hour was up
and I was totally drained with the dildo still deep within me, now all
I had to do is wait till the keys dropped to get free. As I lay there well
fucked and resting I started to think about some more toys I can add to
my workout bench, like maybe add a whip that would come down on my breast
as the dick rammed into me.  Well I will wait till next weekend and
try again. I'll. Let you know how it turns out. Yes and to be sure, selfbondage
has given new meaning to that saying “ If you want it done right, do it
yourself !"

Linda
