---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: An Interview With Mistress
authors:
- Chris Powell
tags:
- F-m
- D-s
- bond
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2007-08-11 00:00:00
---

As your Mistress I am granting you an interview to determine your likes and dislikes.
Answer only with the truth.

Question #1: Of all the things I do to you what gives you the most pleasure?

Answer #1: Your touch to any part of my body while I am unable to move.

Question #2: Of all the tortures I use on your body which is your most favorite?

Answer #2: I would have to say clothspins, they hurt but really turn me on, the more you put on
the more turned on I get. I am so helpless and depending on you to remove them, that is also a
real turn on for me, you could remove them in a few minutes or leave them all day, I have no
control.

Question #3: Of all the tortures I use on your body which is you least favorite?

Answer #3: I am almost afraid to answer this one, because this would give you a major torture to
use anytime. However you have ordered me to be truthful and so I must tell you. My least
favorite torture is the one where you do nothing to me. You tie me down and just leave me there
gagged, blind, unable to hear with no torture or stimulation of any kind and without a word you
leave. I have no idea when you will return or what you are doing.

Question #4: If I ask you to pick one sex act you want to do in bondage what would it be.

Answer#4: That's easy, eat you while tied down and you are setting on my face.

Question #5: Tell me your favorite way to be tied up.

Answer #5: Arms and legs spread to the four corners of the bed. But they have to be pulled tight.
Knees and elbows tied and also pulled tight. Unable to more at all. Hands and feet taped also get
me really hot.

Question #6: Tell me your favorite gag.

Answer #6: You know I love to be gagged all the time. My most favorite is either the ball gag or a
panty gag taped in.

Question #7: What is your least favorite way to be tied up?

Answer #7: Light bondage where I am able to more around to much.

Question #8: Tell me about your ultimate bondage session in detail.

Answer #8: For Mistress to treat me like the slave I am. A week or so before the session Mistress
starts getting me ready by keeping me on edge, like playing with me and making me look for
pictures on the internet for her. She might require 10 pictures of a male having his balls whipped
or 20 pictures of a female having needles put into her breast. That's the idea anyway to keep me
excited. I would be allowed no orgasm for a week. I might be required to wear a penis plug to
work or all day at home, or even an anal plug for the day.  Mistress might require me to pleasure
her, but I would get no relief. The night before the session Mistress might require me to pleasure
her while I am blindfolded and handcuffed.

Once she finishes with me then she might order me
to the spare bathroom where she requires me to tie myself in a chair. She might check on me later
and add torture devices, tie my elbows, add additional rope and tape to make sure I stay there all
night. In the morning she would cut me loose and give me instructions to be ready for her when
she returns from taking the kids to school. These instructions would need to be followed to the
letter and finished before she returns. She might require me to tie myself spread to the bed or any
number of other ways. Her instructions might include torture I must add or none at all depending
on her mood and what she has planned.

No release would be possible without the safe word. If
used then the session would end and the slave would loose something, like maybe being able to
play for three months or something like that. It must be something harsh to make it not worth
using the safe word. The torture session would last all day with Mistress putting me through my
paces. I would have no idea when it would end. She might even elect to continue the session into
the night by locking the door of the bedroom and telling the kids I am sleeping. The thing about
the session is slave must not be in control at all and must have no idea what is coming next or
when it will end. He must just endure it until it's over.

Question #9: If you had to pick one thing I would do to you during a session that would get you
the most excited, what would it be?

Answer #9: Being tied tight and you climbing on top of me.

Question #10: Tell me what you think about while you are tied and I leave you.

Answer #10: First I wonder when you will return, I get really excited thinking about you returning
and what you might do to me. The longer I wait the more excited I get and the less I feel the pain
of the tortures you use on me.

Question #11: Is there anything I could do to make you more excited when you are waiting?

Answer #11: Tape just one or two vibrators on my shaft and maybe one on each nipple and turn
them on medium. It will drive me crazy. Nipple pain seems to add to my excitement. Making
sure I can't get free is a big turn on, like the taped fingers I ask for all the time. Maybe run your
fingers nails up and down my body for a few minutes, that drives me crazy. A long gag kiss
before you leave will leave me very excited. Telling me what you are going to do to me when
you return, whether true or not will drive my mind crazy. You can tell me you are leaving the
apartment but don't tell me where or how long you will be gone that adds major to the
excitement. Even telling me you are leaving the apartment and not going is a big turn on.

Question #12: One final Question, if I ask you one thing you would like me to do to you in a
session what would that be?

Answer #12: There are still several things you have not tried on me. One being making me eat
you while I am tied, another being an enema, then plugged and made to hold it and the third
being needles in the shaft. The first one you don't want to do and I understand, the second is
possible, but you need to do it toward the end of a session so you can make me wait a half hour
or so then untie me and let me go to the bathroom. The third is my problem. I would have to say
if I had to pick I would still like to try the needles. Maybe don't tell me when you are going to do
it just do it. Don't talk about the blood either that's what freaks me out. Just put them in.

Thank-you for your input slave I will take it all under consideration.
