---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesek/fantasy.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Fantasy
authors:
- Soloist
tags:
- Sbm
- cuffs
- gag
- display
- toys
- fantasy
- denial
- cons
- X
date: 2005-01-27 00:00:00
---

A brief description of myself is in order. I am a straight male
into self bondage. My idea of a great time is to be in bonds and
tease/tormented out of my mind by vibrators. My main vibrator is
a vibrating cockhead sized pouch made from velcro. In addition I
use a regular a penis vibrator and nipple vibrators. My usual bonds
are leather cuffs, chain, and padlocks.

A typical session finds me chained with nipple and cock vibrators teasing
on me. The cock vibes are set just too slow to bring me to climax.
I have to endure fantastic sensations while held on the edge of an orgasm
but unable to cum. This way I achieve a level of excitement due to
frustration that is hard to imagine. After an hour or so a timer
speeds up the vibes for a fantastic orgasm and a bit later a second
timer drops the padlock key so I can reach it and free myself.

While I am helpless, squirming and enduring the tease/tormnent, my mind
is conjuring all sorts of fantasies. The most common fantasy is that
of being discovered while helpless, often by other males. Typically
this would be when I am in a tie where I am bound bent over and vulnerable.
I would be blindfolded and have a ring gag and inflatable cock gag in my
mouth.

The fantasy has them surrounding me, first looking me over from all
angles. Then they start tracing my body with their finger tips touching
my entire body with special attention to my butt cheeks. All the
while the vibes have me wiggling a squirming for their pleasure.
Finally I feel my butt cheeks being slowly spread. Now I am really
squirming, trying to escape. Then I feel something blunt pressing
against my anus. I try and pull away but of course can not.
My sphincter muscle tightens, resisting the pressure which slowly increases.
Even as I fight the losing battle the inflatable gag is removed from my
mouth. I try to speak, to offer to give blow jobs if they will just
stay out of my asshole. Before I can try to speak the hole in the
ring gag is plugged up. Then I realize that a cock is slowly entering
my mouth. At this time my sphincter gives up the battle.

So goes my fantasy. I understand it is common for people in self
bondage to fantasize about being used by the wrong sex. It is part
of increasing the excitement.

This evening I am preparing for a session in a special room. It
is located in a BDSM club. I met the manager and we chatted quite
a bit about our fetishes. He finally talked me into doing a self bondage
demo, actually a show, at the club. One wall of this room is a window
but it has drapes that are closed at the moment. There is a rectangular
metal frame bolted to the floor. The rectangle is about three feet
wide by six feet long. It is open at one of the narrow ends and the
height is adjustable at the closed end. There are metal 'loops' attached
all along the upper rails.

After checking that the door is locked I open the drapes. The
window opens on the clubs main room. There are about a half dozen
couples sitting around with drinks in their hands. All are nude,
some playing with a each other, some playing with themselves. When
the drape opens their attention is drawn to me. I recheck the door
between the rooms, it is locked.

I wave to the audience in all my naked glory and walk back and forth
in front of the window, then stop and turn around several times.
I hold up a sign that the manager has given me saying "ENJOY ME" then set
it down leaning against the frame, facing the audience. Next I position
myself at the closed end of the frame and spread my legs. I am just
able to bend over and padlock my ankle cuffs to eyes on the vertical frame
pieces. The short cross bar is adjusted just at the height of my
balls. I show my padlock with the adjustable shackle then slip the
shackle through the center eye on the short rail and around my scrotum
between my body and my testicles and slide the body of the lock onto the
shackle, pressing it tight to secure myself to the frame. I find
being teathered by my balls very exciting.

The next step is to put on my nipple and penis vibrators. The
nipple vibes are held by twine around my upper torso, the velcro
cock vibe is hung by a twine tied to a belt at my waist. The velcro
pouch of the cock vibe just contains the head of my cock, gripping and
holding the tender flesh. The waist belt holds two battery packs
to power the vibes. As usual my excitement increases as I progress
in my setup. By now I am thinking with my cockhead. I find
showing on the internet very exciting, being in diplay live is really a
turn on

Finally I start the vibrators, bend over the frame and, reaching
as far as I can stretch by rising on my toes, padlock my wrist cuffs to
eyes on the long top rails. I am now in position, blindfolded with
a ring gag and inflatable cock gag in place. I am in excellent whipping
position. Of course I am alone and safe.

My excitement and frustration increases rapidly. Here I am securely
stretched and locked helpless on this framework with my vibrators tormenting
me, the velcro needles really doing a number on my tender cockhead.
There are several things different with this session from my normal sessions.
I do not have a padlock key in hand or a timed release set up to let me
get hold of a key. The club manager is to release me, I know not when.
Part of my excitement is not knowing how long. Also the cock vibrator
is running too slow for me to climax and there is no timer to speed it
up to orgasm speed. So I am not going any where until I am released
and not going to orgasm until I can reach myself. All I can do is
squirm as much as my captive balls allow.

Time passes and of course I have no idea how long I have been restrained
but I am horny as all hell. I am completely frustrated and would
beg for relief if I could and if it would do any good. Knowing that
strangers were staring at me while on the internet has always turned me
on. Specially when I know someone is watching me and so excited he
or she is masterbating. Now I have a live audience examining me and
considering what they would like to do with me really does it. It
adds a lot to my fantasies. My whole body seems to be sensitive,
it is like I can feel the eyes examining me. I am sure my squirming is
providing a good show and incentive for my audience. Then I hear
the door lock click and know the door is opening! I can hear the
people coming in from the next room. I remember the sign "ENJOY ME".
The manager has set me up!

I hear them surrounding me, first looking me over from all angles.
Then they start tracing my entire body with their finger tips with special
attention to my butt cheeks. All the while the vibes have me wiggling
and squirming for their pleasure. Finally I feel my butt cheeks being
slowly spread. Now I am really squirming, trying to escape.
Then I feel something blunt pressing against my anus. I try and pull
away but of course I can not. My sphincter muscle tightens, resisting
the pressure which slowly increases. Even as I fight the losing battle
the inflatable gag is removed from my mouth. I try to speak, to offer
to give a blow jobs if they will just stay out of my asshole. Before
I can try to speak the hole in the ring gag is plugged up. Then I
realize that a cock is slowly entering my mouth. At this time my
sphincter gives up the battle.

My fantasy has become reality! What have I done to myself?
