---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Virgin Queen
authors:
- dungeonmouse
tags:
- M+-mf
- bond
- natives
- tribal
- slave
- kidnap
- nc
- X
---

*On December 5, 1941, Captain Ron Black and Sergeant James Humphries
departed Clark Air Base, Philippines for Baguio Air Base in northern Luzon
on a routine flight.  Their Martin B-10 bomber, “Manila Momma,” never
reached Baguio.  Rescue forces mounted a search but World War II cut
short their efforts.  “Manila Momma’s” disappearance remained a mysterious
footnote until last year when an archeology team found the wrecked bomber
in the jungle northeast of Baguio.  The archeologists recovered James
Humphries' diary and returned it to his family who graciously allowed us
to publish this excerpt.  We edited some personal comments; we did
not alter the narrative of events.*

Dec. 5, morning.  Fine fix this is!  We got caught above the
clouds and missed Baguio on the first try.  Capt. Black followed Bauio's
beacon northeast into the mountains before we realized our mistake. 
We ran out of gas shortly after we turned back south.  Capt. Black
commanded a bailout, figuring we'd hit a mountain in the clouds. 
He was right.  I barely got my chute open before I hit the ground. 
Now I’m sitting in the middle of the jungle with a busted leg and half
a pack of smokes.  I hope the captain is ok.  I hope Baguio heard
our SOS.  I hope they find us in this jungle.

Dec. 5, evening.  I’ve got company.  A patrol of natives appeared
mid-afternoon.  I don’t understand a word of their language and they
speak no English.  HQ told us headhunters live in these mountains. 
These gentlemen look fierce enough with wild tattoos and sharp spears. 
My leg won't hold my weight so escape is out of the question.  So
far they act more like rescuers than grocery shoppers.  They offered
me supper of grilled monkey and bananas.  I declined the monkey but
managed to get down a banana.  After supper, they built a rough litter
then finished off my smokes.  Wherever we're going, I hope there's
help and not a boiling pot.

Dec. 6, evening.  We just arrived in the village.  Right now,
I’m lying outside the largest building, a communal house where the men
live.  It sits on short stilts with a thatched roof and a row of skulls
along the eaves.  Not exactly comforting.  In front of the communal
house lies a clear area with a fire pit.  Smaller thatch buildings
surround the village center.  Women and children apparently live in
those. They stand behind the houses and peep at me.  I smile and wave
to them.  One young lass with a bunch of metal jewelry waved back. 
Despite their lack of clothes, the village seems prosperous.  They
eat well; the women wear lots of seashell jewelry and the men swagger about
like pilots at the base. They served me mystery meat and a yam for supper. 
Surprising how good things taste when you don’t know what you are eating. 
I wish I had a cigarette.

Dec. 7, late morning.  I didn’t get much sleep last night between
my leg and the screaming.  Just after dark, the village elders headed
into the jungle behind two torchbearers.  A few minutes later, I heard
metal rattling and a woman scream.  After the first shriek, she began
yelling in the native language, cussing somebody out good.  A few
words sounded English though not any English a woman should know. 
She calmed down after a bit.  I heard voices murmuring in the dark
for a long time then the metal rattled, the torchbearers led the procession
back to the village and everyone went to bed.  Everyone except me. 
I lay wondering about the woman in the jungle.

After a breakfast of bananas and fruit, a woman brought a bowl of water
for my bath.  The children hung behind her and watched.  After
my bath, the woman took the bowl away and shooed the children back. 
The girl with the metal jewelry stayed behind.  When the woman called
to her, the girl dismissed her with a phrase and a wave.  The woman
shrugged and followed the children.

The girl squatted and regarded me with curiosity as I stared back. 
I call her a girl because in this land, women come in but two ages: girls
and crones.  The hard life or the jungle heat sags and wrinkles them
quickly upon the birth of their children.  This girl carried the charms
of a woman on the lithe, smooth body of a child.  Like the other villagers,
she showed no shame at her nakedness.  The jewelry I noticed yesterday
consisted of a heavy bracelet on each of her wrists and ankles with a matching
choker around her neck.  The bracelets and choker showed no hinges
or clasps, forming solid bands snug around her limbs.  Her jeweler
worked the bands from bronze with cunning designs.  As I studied the
patterns, I noticed rings worked into the patterns.  Did the villagers
enslave this girl?  Had the jeweler or blacksmith, fitted her, not
with finely worked jewelry but heavy manacles?

Before my horror at this possibility could manifest itself another shock
caught my eye.  She wore a metal band around her waist with another
band extending between her indigo thighs and up the back to rejoin the
waistband.  Like the bracelets or manacles, these metal unmentionables
showed no method of removal.  I stared at her rudely, overwhelmed
by the sight.  Seeing my astonishment, she smiled then relieved herself
through a tiny slit in the bottom of the metal strap.  I averted my
eyes from this brazen display.  She giggled most gleefully then stood
and walked away.  She swung her hips provocatively as she left the
metal moving with her pelvis as if part of her flesh.  Halfway across
the square, she bent over and looked at me upside-down between her spread
legs.  Seeing my shocked blush, she giggled again and disappeared.

I considered her situation.  While her bracelets resembled manacles,
she was not bound in any way.  Her voice and manner conveyed command
not subservience.  She laughed freely and walked head high, a prom
queen and not a slave.  Perhaps her manacles serve a ceremonial purpose.

Dec. 8, early morning.  I will attempt a factual account but, had
I not witnessed the events with my own eyes and ears, I would never believe
them myself no matter how careful the telling.

Just after dark last night, the litter crew picked me up and carried
me into the jungle behind the torchbearers and the village elders. 
The prom queen-slave girl brought up the rear.  The trail emerged
into a clearing flanked on three sides by dense jungle and on the fourth
by a rock cliff rising beyond the treetops.  In front of the cliff,
a dais of rough-hewn rock presided over the clearing.  A fire on the
front edge of the dais lit the clearing.  A cave pierced the face
of the cliff.  Around the mouth of the cave, intricate carvings in
the fashion of the girl's bracelets adorned the rock face.  Three
large bronze rings hid amongst the carvings.  Heavy chains led from
the rings into the cave.  More chains led from four rings along the
edge of the dais into the cave.

The men set the litter down in the clearing.  Four of them moved
silently to the sides of the dais and grasped the chains anchored there. 
On a nodded signal, they hauled on the chains hand over hand.  A woman's
scream knifed into my ears like a hot spike.  As she emerged from
the cave, she jerked erect, fighting the chains attached to her wrists
and ankles.  Bracing their feet against the dais, the four men pulled
until she stood, arms and legs spread, at the front of the dais. 
The woman struggled briefly against the chains then threw her head back
and screamed her diatribe.  Some words were indeed English and indeed
foul.  When she finished swearing, she stood with her eyes closed,
pulling against the chains.  The men's muscles quivered.  Before
me stood a beautiful white woman!

She wore the same heavy cuffs and belt as the young girl.  Two
chains from the cave entrance led to the belt, the third, to her collar. 
All three swung gently at their limit.  Mountains of hair flowed over
her shoulders and down her back.  Her skin shown smooth and sleek
in the firelight.  Naked breasts stood proudly under the strands of
hair trailing down her chest.  Her large eyes and wide mouth gave
her face a dramatic beauty.  She lowered her head and issued a command
in the native tongue.  The four men moved back slowly, releasing the
chains.  She lowered her arms to her sides and opened her eyes.

She gazed at me for a long moment.  She leaned forward against
the chains and reached her hands towards me.  She followed my eyes
back to her body and started as if seeing herself for the first time. 
She moved to cover herself then looked back at me and laughed uncontrollably,
tears welling up in her eyes.  She squatted down and hugged herself,
as the giggles became small sobs.

"You came." she whispered.  "You finally came."

"Yes, I'm here."  I pointed at my leg.  "But I may need as
much help as you."

She looked at my leg then glanced at the natives with narrowed eyes. 
She motioned for the girl to join her on the dais.  The girl squatted
close behind her, nestling her head behind the woman's ear.  The woman
spoke with an old man, the girl occasionally adding a word in her ear. 
The woman and the old man disagreed on some point then resolved the issue. 
The girl climbed down from the dais and squatted beside me.

"Nima will examine your leg.   Describe to us what you feel."

I nodded.  My leg hurt like hell when Nima pushed on it and I
said so, loudly.

"You are lucky.  You cracked your tibia.  The fibula appears
intact.  Do not put weight on it and it will heal well enough."

She spoke again to the old man.  They argued and resolved another
point.  The elders left save for the old man and a strapping warrior
with a large battle-axe.  The woman spoke in a formal tone. "Welcome, stranger.  Please speak only when we ask you a question. 
Your life depends upon doing exactly as we say.  Do you understand?" 
I nodded.

"The old man speaks a little English.  You live because I saw
your coming in a vision and convinced the elders you possess valuable information. 
We must conduct an interrogation, not a conversation.  We were Kelly,
a nurse, now Kalibaya, prophetess to the Kaliga.  Who are you?" I
answered her question and we continued in this fashion, she telling me
a little then asking me a question.  She questioned me closely about
the tensions between Japan and the U.S.  Bit by bit she told how she
became Kalibaya.  Here is her story:

Kelly Flannery arrived at Baguio fresh from Mount Saint Mary’s College,
Los Angeles in July 1936.  She worked as a nurse in the Catholic Hospital. 
In August 1936, she flew with Doctor Jack Bowers to a missionary post deep
in the mountains to administer routine vaccinations and exams. The plane
dropped them at the mission’s airstrip, planning to retrieve them a week
later.  During the week, monsoon rains washed out the airstrip. 
Against the advice of the mission priest, Doctor Bowers engaged two native
guides to lead them to the next mission with a serviceable airstrip. On
the second night of the trek, the guides set up camp then slipped away. 
Kelly wondered if Doctor Bowers planned a tryst.  She found him attractive
and, while she kept her virginity for marriage, she could enjoy a little
romance.  But Doctor Bowers seemed distracted and soon after dark,
Kelly retired to her sleeping bag.  Sometime later, Kelly woke suddenly. 
She heard voices and got up to investigate.  She came face to face
with a tattooed warrior holding Jack Bowers' head.  She screamed and
ran down the trail into the arms of six more tattooed warriors.

They bound her arms to a wooden pole laid across her shoulders, hobbled
her legs with vine rope and tied her by the throat to a tree.  At
dawn, they marched her into the jungle, her arms and legs still bound and
hobbled.  Along the way, the natives plucked at her clothes, examining
the material and taking articles that interested them.  The native's
curiosity and the jungle's thorns stripped her naked on the first day. 
On the evening of the third day, they arrived in the village.  Bleeding
and bruised, half-mad from pain and fear, Kelly passed out when they halted
in the village square.

She woke in flickering darkness, unable to move.  She lay spread-eagled
in the village center, tied to four stakes.  A fire just beyond her
feet lit the jungle in a fitful glow.  A strapping native stood over
her, his battle-axe at the ready.  Kelly snapped.  Her body flailed
against the ropes.  Her voice ripped through the night air. 
To her great surprise, hot wetness seeped from her loins and musky odor
filled the air.  A long eternity later, she awoke bound with soft
leather thongs upon a bed of grass, her wounds dressed.

Rest and food brought back her strength, though she could not escape
her leather bonds.  The women began teaching her their language, whipping
her with a thin stick when she resisted participating in this sign of permanent
residence.  From time to time, a grimy male native appeared and felt
her limbs and pelvis.  At first she thought him a witch doctor, but
his rough hands and blackened skin belonged to a worker or artisan. 
After a few days, she gave in to her the captivity, awaiting an escape
opportunity.  The opportunity took its precious time.

One evening, after her wounds healed, the procession carried her to
the cave.  They tied her spread-eagle on the dais next to a crude
forge.  The grimy native, the village blacksmith, heated the forge,
laid out his tools and went to work.  As he attached the seven chains
to the rings and the cuffs to the chains, he discussed the project with
Kelly in his native tongue.  Kelly understood few of his words but
heard his meaning loud and clear.  She spent the night in screaming
convulsions and sobbing prayers.  When dawn broke, the chains and
cuffs lay ready on the dais.  The blacksmith squatted next to her
and talked quietly, a doctor reassuring his patient before a difficult
operation.  He patted her gently and left.  The women came and
forced her to drink a foul-tasting potion.  Lethargy washed over her
body and she fell into a dreamless sleep.

She woke in late afternoon, alone upon the dais.  She forced her
neck around to look at the massive bonds arrayed around her body. 
She prayed to God for death but He did not answer.

As night fell, the blacksmith returned with the village elders and the
executioner, as Kelly now thought of the strapping native with the battle-axe. 
The blacksmith wrapped her left ankle in wet leaves then lashed her leg
tightly to the edge of the forge.  He heated the cuff for her left
ankle.  The glowing jaws of the open cuff sizzled across the leaves
then nestled close around her ankle.  The blacksmith hammered the
cuff shut, pounding the almost molten ends together into an unbroken circle
of bronze.  Kelly writhed in pain and terror as the hot metal gripped
her flesh.  Her screams exploded through the night.  Her womanhood
flowed with musky juice.  Cuff by cuff, the blacksmith fastened Kelly
to the rock.  He fitted ankle and wrist cuffs first, then the collar. 
As the blacksmith's hammer rang against the metal inches below her ear,
sealing the bronze jaws around her throat, Kelly abandoned her belief in
the Christian god.  The blacksmith wrapped the belt around her loins,
the hot ends searing her flesh through the wet leaves around her hips. 
The center strap, soaked in water while the ends heated, lay cold and hard
against her soft flesh.  Spirits entered her through the metal. 
Cold resolve thrust up from below while burning hunger soaked into her
hips and belly.  As the final blows fell, Kelly lay shuddering with
pain and lust, power and terror.  Dimly aware of some ritual going
on around her, Kelly wrapped her soul in the swirling passions and danced
with the spirits.

She woke in the cave.  A sharp odor hung in the air.  Visions
of carnage and war, tenderness and love flickered across the walls. 
She crawled to the front of the cave, chains rattling.  The clearing
lay empty in the still morning air.  She tested the chains, pulling
with all her might.  She studied the cuffs and the collar and the
belt.  She wiggled and clawed and twisted and screamed.  She
lay on the dais and cried.  Finally, she crawled back into the cave
and rejoined the visions.

Kelly learned her new language and became Kalibaya, the prophetess. 
The Kaliga elevated her to the post through necessity.   When
the previous prophetess died, an unfortunate combination of girls captured
in battle and childhood deaths left all potential prophetesses still in
early childhood.  The Kaliga lost battles, suffered disease and ran
short of food.  Kelly's aroused dementia while spread-eagled under
the executioner's axe combined with her virginity made her a candidate. 
A heated debate broke out among the tribe while Kelly lay unconscious in
the fire circle.  The old women and some of the men argued for Kelly
as the new prophetess, citing ancient legends of foreign prophetess' and
the urgent need for a new prophetess.  A smaller faction, led by the
old man, argued for her sacrifice.  The faction for Kelly's elevation
to prophetess carried the argument.  When Kelly's body responded to
the chains with the appropriate combination of lust and madness, all agreed
on the rightness of her selection, albeit some reluctantly.  The old
man still distrusted her and remained a formidable political opponent.

She settled into the cave and studied the visions.  Kelly, the
nurse, suspected mushrooms growing in the cave induced hallucinations based
on her own subconscious hunches.  Kalibaya, the prophetess, accepted
the visions as glimpses of the future.  Under her guidance, the tribe
regained superiority over its neighbors in battle and entered an age of
prosperity.  The old man and his cohorts still grumbled about a foreign
prophetess but few listened during this time of plenty.

Kalibaya also mastered the intricacies of tribal politics and took steps
to cement her position.  She discovered the mushrooms caused an allergic
reaction in young children.  A girl suffering a bout of hives when
she approaches the cave makes an unlikely candidate for prophetess.  
Kalibaya insisted upon examining the female infants frequently.  She
succeeded in introducing mushroom allergy to most of the female children
before the old man convinced the villagers to curb the practice.

Tribal custom granted the prophetess an acolyte to serve her and to
act as her eyes and ears in the village.  If the prophetess died or
ceased seeing visions the acolyte usually became the prophetess. 
With the village girls either too young or unable to approach the cave,
Kalibaya struggled without an assistant until the warriors captured Nima
during a raid on a neighboring tribe.  They brought her to the village
for sacrifice but Kalibaya, warned by a vision, demanded first access to
the young captive.  She pulled Nima from the warriors immediately
upon the girl's arrival, hugged her close and claimed her as acolyte. 
Unseen by the Kaliga, she reached between the girl's legs and tore Nima's
womanhood.

Under Kaliga custom, the blacksmith fitted Nima with a full set of bronze
cuffs even though her lack of virginity rendered her ineligible to succeed
Kalibaya.   As the night and our conversation grew long, Nima
cuddled against Kalibaya, their two naked bodies intertwining in an easy
embrace.  Once, the prophetess bent her head and kissed the dozing
girl on the lips.  Seeing my shock, she shrugged and stroked her metal
belt.
"Even with this, tribal law prohibits any man from touching the prophetess. 
We do what we must."

With Nima as her eyes and ears, Kalibaya sees far beyond her dais. 
Visions come, the warriors conquer, the tribe prospers.  Kalibaya,
squatting chained to a mushroom-lined cave, rules a vast jungle empire
as skillfully as the other virgin queen, Elizabeth, ruled hers.

My arrival changes everything.  The old man beats the drum of white
man's invasion, stirring up the tribe.  If the old man prevails, my
skull will hang on the communal house.  The blacksmith will break
Kalibaya's chains and the warriors will drag her to another cave some miles
distant.  Deep underground, the blacksmith will attach her to the
cave wall with but a few links of freedom.  The dripping walls will
provide water to sustain life for a time but Kalibaya will eventually join
her predecessors whose moldy bones still hang in their chains.  Kalibaya
believes she may yet regain control, but circumstances may require quick
and drastic action.  She enjoined me to follow her orders to the letter.

We finished shortly before dawn.  The procession brought me back
to the village.  Unable to sleep, I've been writing since daylight. 
Nima scurries about, keeping an eye on the old man.  Sinister airs
hang in the village.  I hope the cavalry arrives soon.

Dec. 8, noon.  Jap planes just roared overhead, headed south. 
Looks like the war has started.  The planes stirred up the villagers,
but good.  The executioner stands guard over me as I write this. 
No sign of Nima.

Dec. 8, p.m. Nima here, her back bleeding.  Kelly scratched message
in skin: "Follow N.  All well. K." Nima and men preparing litter. 
More later.

The diary ends here.

The recovery team identified “Manila Momma” from markings and serial
numbers.  Team archeologists found one male skeleton at the controls
of the B-10 and another male skeleton lying under the tail.  Dental
records identified the skeleton at the controls as Captain Ron Black; blunt
trauma injuries indicate he died on impact.  Clothing fragments, the
diary and a cracked left tibia suggest the second skeleton as Sergeant
James Humphries.  However, the recovery team did not find the skull
making positive identification impossible.  Forensic pathologists
did find marks on the vertebrae consistent with a large, sharp object striking
the neck from the front and severing the head.

In 1936, the two native guides returned to the mission with Doctor Bowers’
medical case and Kelly Flannery’s engraved compact.  They told the
priest the two died in a mudslide and led a search party to the site of
a massive slide.  The search party found no further evidence of Bowers
and Flannery and listed them as missing.  An exhaustive search of
Japanese records following the war uncovered no mention of Flannery or
Bowers and only one report from the area where they disappeared: a heavily
armed Japanese patrol lost three men "northeast of Baguio" in October 1942. 
Native warriors crept up on the soldiers at night and beheaded them. 
Japanese patrols avoided the area for the remainder of the war.  On
April 16, 1947, a California court declared Kelly Flannery legally dead.

The jungles of northern Luzon contain the last unexplored areas on the
planet.  As recently as the 1990's, anthropologists encountered Stone
Age tribes never before seen by outsiders and scarcely known to neighboring
tribes. 
Queen Elizabeth I, known to history as "the virgin queen," ruled England
for 45 years.  Shrewd and determined, she led England into a golden
age of prosperity, exploration and conquest.  She never married and
died in 1603 at the age of 70.

The Pacific War Eyewitness History Institute
Las Robles, California
July 6, 2001

25/10/01
