---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Three Mummies
authors:
- Darkraptor1
tags:
- M-fff
- mum
- enclosure
- cocoon
- kidnap
- nc
- X
date: 2004-11-22 00:00:00
---

**Part 1 - Anakamum**

Egypt, the year 500 B.C.

Princess Anakamum was very suspicious about this new advisor that her
father had appointed to look over the family affairs.  She didn't
like the way he moved, the way he talked, or the way his attitude indicated
that he was interested in more then just the families well being.

Princess Anakamum was a beautiful tall woman with golden flowing hair,
who had a sweet personality and was a joy to get to know.  She was
the fourth daughter in the royal family of Egypt.  She also had two
sisters, Demetriery, and Salalo.

For the past month, the new family advisor, Targonamey had been sneaking
down to the basement at night when nobody was around.  Except for
Anakamum.  She would watch quietly from behind a pillar when he went
through the mysterious wooden door into the dungeon beneath the palace. 
Princess Anakamum didn't know what was down in the dungeon.  Only
the family elders were allowed down there.  She did know that her
ancestors were buried in there.  On several occasions she had also
watched, as condemned prisoners were lead down there, never to be seen
again.  She asked her parents what was down there, but they had never
told her.  But now she was going to find out for herself.

Late that month, on the last day of summer, Anakamum watched as Targonamey
went down into the dungeon through the wooden door.  Anakamum followed
him quietly, her bare feet gently slapping against the marble floor. 
She was dressed only in a white gown, desiring quietness of movement over
covering her lovely form.  She paused behind a pillar as Targonamey
went through the door and down a mysterious dark tunnel.  Amazingly,
he left the door open a slight crack.  Seeing that her chance to see
what he was doing had come, Anakamum quietly went up to the door and went
through it, stepping into the tunnel that led to the dungeon.

Inside the tunnel, Anakamum found a spiral staircase.  Curious
and cautious, she followed it downwards, wondering where it went. 
She could faintly hear Targonamey's footsteps from down below, for he was
still going down the staircase.  After several minutes of careful
walking, Anakamum reached the bottom.  There was another wooden door
waiting for her.  She carefully opened it and went through it.

Anakamum found herself in a huge brightly-lit tunnel that seemed to
stretch on forever.  Torches lit the tunnel, the light stretching
upwards into the ceiling.  Up ahead she could make out the faint form
of Targonamey, walking into a door.  Determined to see what he was
up to, Anakamum quickened her pace, knowing that whatever he was up to,
it was behind the door.  She quickly reached it, and found it slightly
open, just like the ones before her.  Some sixth sense was buzzing,
telling her that something was not right.  But she ignored it and
pressed on.  She gently opened the door and went inside.  Inside
there was darkness.  Targonamey was nowhere to be seen.  Anakamum
quietly went forward, when something slammed on her head.  She instantly
fell to the ground, knocked unconscious by the blow.  Targonamey went
forward, looking at his captive.  "Good work."  He told his bodyguards. 
"Take her to the room.  You know which one."

The next morning, Anakamum's parents and siblings sat down together
for breakfast.  But when Anakamum did not show up, they decided to
eat withought her.  So they ate.  But when she did not appear
by lunch, they started getting concerned.  They dispatched the guards
to search the entire palace for her.  But even they could not find
her anywhere within its walls.

Anakamum moaned a little, coming out of her darkness.  A large
bump was on her head and it hurt.  She tried to rub it, but found
that her arms wouldn't move.  She looked and found to her surprise
that her wrists were manacled in black steel.  Frightened she tried
to move them, but the manacles that cuffed her wrists refused to let go
of her.  She looked down and saw that her ankles were cuffed in the
same way.  She also noticed that she was now quite naked, her white
gown gone.  She looked around, trying to see where she was.

Anakamum was in a large dimly lit chamber.  She was lying on a
stone tablet in the middle of the room.  "Hello?"  She called
out, seeing if anyone was there.  "Is there anyone there?"  The
only response was a small giggle.  Then Targonamey came out of the
darkness.

"Targonamey!"  Anakamum said.  "What's going on?  Why
am I here?"

"Why are you here?"  Targoanamey asked.  "Why, I'll tell you. 
You are here because you are an important part of my plan."

"What?  What plan."

"Oh, you will see soon enough."  He giggled.  "But right now
that is not your concern.  Your concern should be with your brother
and your sisters."

"What?!"  She shouted.  "What are planning to do to them you
monster?!"

But to this Targonamey does not respond.  He simply smiles and
indicates to the darkness.  His five bodyguards appear.  "Prepare
her."  He says.  "And make sure she is comfortable."  Grinning,
the bodyguards come towards her.

Anakamum panics, trying to get away.  But the manacles on her wrists
and ankles refuse to let her budge.  The five bodyguards surround
her stone bed.  Each carries a large chest.  They put it down
and open the chest.  Anakamum cannot see what is inside the chests. 
Then the bodyguards rise up, each holding a large thick roll of white cotton
bandages.  Anakamum's eyes go wide, wondering what they are planning. 
From the back of the room, Targonamey's voice is heard.  "Wrap her
up."  He says.  The bodyguards grin and descend on Anakamum. 
They move quickly, making sure that the process takes a minimum amount
of time.
Three of the bodyguards go to her upper body and grab hold of her arms
and chest and press down hard, making sure that her movements are all but
eliminated.

Anakamum struggles and squeals, but it is in vain.  The two bodyguards
get to work on her legs.  They unlock the manacle from her cream white
right leg.  She tries to kick them, but before she can, her leg is
grabbed and forced out straight.  One bodyguard holds the leg while
the other takes the bandages and begins to wrap her foot.  Wind by
wind her foot is encased, then the bandaging moves on to Anakamums leg. 
The bandages wind around it, encasing the creamy white color behind the
bandages.  The bandaging is doe up to her hip.  When the leg
is wrapped, it is re-cuffed and the process is repeated with her other
leg.  When it too is wrapped, both legs are placed together and another
layer is done over them, combing both legs into a solid white mass of bandages.

Anakamum watches in both amazement and horror, wondering what on earth
these men are doing to her.  Then they begin to work on her mid-section,
wrapping her chest and buttocks up into the rapidly constructing cocoon
that she is being encased in.

When Anakamums body is wrapped her arms are wrapped as well, the hands
and fingers becoming formless white masses.  Then her arms are forcibly
crossed over her chest.  She struggles and fights for all she is worth,
but it is too little, too late.  The bandages are wound around her,
tighter and tighter, her cocoon becoming more and more restrictive and
confining.  The cotton bandages embracing her, ever wrap encasing
her even more then before.  Very soon, all of her body is now white
and compressed under the wrappings.  The only part of her that is
left unwrapped is her head.  The bandages stop just under her chin. 
The bodyguards lie her back down on the stone table and then get out three
leather straps that are applied to her body, holding her down on the table. 
She struggles and squirms, but her body cocoon does not permit her any
movement outside of a wiggle.  But her head thrashes and buckles. 
Then Targonamey comes in, looking over her bandaged body.

"My, my," He says.  "You look very attractive I might say, encased
from chin to toe in white cotton bandages.  Compressed and tightened,
freedom taken away from you.  Don't you just love it?"

"You are insane!"  Anakamum yells.  "My father will torture
you for this!"

"Oh really?"  Targonamey laughs.  "If my plan goes well, your
father will be dead before the week is over.  But to ensure your family's
downfall, I will have to take care of the possible family heirs."

"Not my."

"Oh yes, your brother and sisters."  He giggles.  "I shall
have to take care of them as well, in the same manner that I have taken
care of you."

"But you do not have to worry about that."  He says.  "You
are now my prisoner, and you will remain so for the rest of your life. 
Condemned to be cocooned like this, lying helpless and at my mercy. 
But do not worry.  I will make sure that you are comfortable. 
Look, I even made you your own comfortable bed!"

Anakamum looks over at where he is pointing.  To her horror, there
is a coffin waiting for her.  She begins to scream loudly.

"Don't scream Anakamum."  Targonamey says.  "I think you will
enjoy it.  But you have to be quiet for me."

He snaps his fingers and his bodyguards quickly wrap over Anakamum's
mouth, sealing her screams inside her.  She thrashes and struggles
while Targonamey looks at her.  "Time for your nap."  He says. 
The bodyguards undo the leather straps holding her down, and lift her up
and carry her to the coffin.  They lay her down inside it.  Targonamy
has kept his promise that it would be comfortable.  It is lined with
pillows and blankets.  But that is no comfort for Anakamum.

"MMPPFHHHHHFFFF!"  She screams through the bandages on her mouth.

"Sleep tight Anakamum."  Targonamy says.  The lid is placed
on the coffin.

"MMPPPPHHHFF!!!!!"  Her screams are rapidly cut short as the lid
is tightened, securing the occupant inside it.

Targonamy looks at his bodyguards.  "One down, two to go."

**Part 2 - Demetriery**

When we had last left our story, the villainous family advisor Targonamey
had captured and mummified princess Anakamum as part of a plot to eliminate
the pharaoh of Egypt.  Now Targonamey moves to begin the second part
of his plot, the capture of princess Demetriery.

"Anakamum, where are you?"  Demetriery called out in the palace
hallway.  "This is no time for fun and games!"  But there was
no reply from her sister.

Demetriery frowned as she continued her search of the palace grounds,
trying to find out where her sister Anakamum was.  But she was having
no luck, and neither were the rest of the family or the palace staff.

"Demetriery!"  A familiar voice said.  Demetriery turned and
saw her mother walking towards her.  "Have you had any luck finding
your sister?"

"No."  Demetriery groaned.  "I haven't found her, and I haven't
seen any sign of her.  And none of the palace staff can remember when
they last saw her."

"Oh I hope she's all right."  Her mother says.  "I don't want
anything to happen to her."  Then she starts walking away, continuing
her search as well.

"Mother?"  Demetriery said.  "Have you seen Targonamey by
any chance?"

Her mother stops and frowns.  "Now that I think about it, I haven't
seen him in over a day."  Lines appear on her forehead.  "Perhaps
he knows something about Anakamum's disappearance."  She summons the
nearest guard.  "Find the advisor Targonamey."  She says. 
"Find him and."

"Why I am right here your highness."  Targonamey says, stepping
out of the shadows.

"Targonamey!"  The queen says.  "Where have you been?"

"I have been.attending a family emergency."

"Well we have been experiencing an emergency as well.  Anakamum
is missing!"

"What?"  Targonamey says urgently.  "Missing?  When?"

"She vanished a day ago, and no one has seen her since."

"Oh no this is terrible!"  Targonamey says.  "I will use every
option available to me to try and find her immediately!"

"Oh good."  The queen says.  "We need everyone searching for
my daughter.  Heaven forbid what would happen if she was harmed!"

"Oh I'm sure he is quite all right."  Targonamey says.  He
casually glances at Princess Demetriery.  "I'm sure she is fine."

"Well then, if you are so confident, then go find her!"  The queen
snaps.

"Yes your highness."  Targonamey says.  He bows respectfully
and then walks away.

"Mother."  Demetriery says.  "I don't like him."

"Neither do I."  The queen says.  "But he is one of the most
dedicated people in the kingdom, one who loves serving your father. 
And he is a good politician as well.  But I do have this feeling about
him.  And I have a feeling he knows something about Anakamum." 
She sighs.  "Let us continue our search."

Deep inside the dungeons of the palace, Targonamey walks through a well-hidden
door and into his private chamber.  There are three tables in the
room, with three coffins on each of them.  Only one is occupied however. 
Targonamey walks up to this coffin.  "Comfortable my sweet?" 
He asks.  The coffin bounces a little as it's occupant struggles inside. 
"Don't worry.  You will have company soon."  He whispers. 
"Very soon.  Everyone is worried about you, but they will never find
you here, I can guarantee it."

That evening, the search for Anakamum continues as the entire palace
keeps searching.  Riders have also been dispersed all over Egypt to
see if there is any trace of her in any of the cities and towns in the
kingdom.  Late at night Demetriey goes into her bedroom, tired from
a day of searching for her sister.  She starts taking her clothes
off, getting ready for bed.  Suddenly three people are upon her, wrestling
her to the floor.  Before she can resist, a damp cloth goes over her
face, and she blacks out.

When Demetriey wakes up, she opens her eyes groggily and finds that
she is lying on some sort of soft couch.  The room she is in is dark
and dimly lit.  She moans, trying to shrug off the effects of the
Chloroform.  But it doesn't do much.  She still remains groggy. 
"Awake my sweet?"  A familiar voice asks.  Demetriey looks around
and sees Targonamey sitting on a couch next to her.  Demetriey begins
to ask what happened to her, but finds that her ability to speak has been
cut short.  She tries to say something, but then she realizes that
some wads of cotton have been stuffed in her mouth, and her mouth has been
wrapped around in several bandages.  She panics and tries to bolt,
only to fall on the floor.  Her wrists and ankles have been cuffed
in manacles, and she lies on the floor helplessly.

Targonamey turns to his assistants and motions for them to put Demetriey
up on the couch again.  They pick up the struggling woman and place
her on the couch.  "Now Demetriey, I just want you to listen to me." 
Targonamey says.  "If you are patient and listen, then you will not
be harmed.  If you struggle and fight, I might decide to sew your
lips shut to make sure you never speak again."  At this threat Demetriey
stops struggling.  "Good girl."  Targonamey says.  "Now
listen carefully."  As he begins to talk, Demetriey decides to play
along and relaxes in her restraints.  "You might think that your father
has the country well under control and is leading it into a new era of
prosperity and happiness.  However, I know the truth.  I know
that the country is falling into financial ruin.  I can fix all that. 
But I need your help."  Demetriey makes no move to show her feelings. 
"What I need for you to do is cross over to my side and help me overthrow
your father."  Demetriey's eyes immediately narrow and glare at Targonamey
with a simple message.  "No way."

"I can tell by your eyes that you are not going to go along with this." 
Targonamey says sadly.  "Very well.  I tried to reason with you,
but nobody is going to follow me."  He says.  He turns to his
assistants.  "Release her."  Demetriey cannot contain her look
of surprise.  After revealing this plot of his, Targonamey is going
to let her go?  And to top it off, a door at the end of the chamber
has been opened for her to leave.

The manacles are unlocked and released from her ankles and wrists, and
the bandages around her mouth are removed.  "You may leave Demetriey." 
Targonamey says, pointing to the door.  Withought waiting for anything,
Demetriey gets up and dashes towards the door as fast as she can. 
But as soon as she does, Targonamey gets up and points his hand at her. 
He begins to chant in a strange tongue.  Suddenly, Demetriey feels
a strange feeling around her left ankle.  She looks down and sees
that a white bandage has mysteriously wrapped itself around it.  She
looks back and sees a literal wave of bandages coming for her, flying through
the air towards her like magic.  She screams and tries to run. 
But the bandages quickly reach her and begin to wrap themselves around
her body.  She stumbles as her legs are entwined in the bandages and
she falls on the floor.  She turns and tries to tear away the wrappings
encasing her legs.  But as quickly as she tears a bandage away, three
more wind themselves around her leg to take its place.  And as she
continues to try, bandages seek out her fingers and quickly wrap around
them, and then quickly immobilize them.  More and more bandages fly
around her hands until they are white mitts.  Her fingers now immobilized
and useless, Demetriey can do nothing to tear away the bandages rapidly
encasing her body.

The bandages just keep coming, keep wrapping themselves around her body. 
She tries to tear her legs and arms apart, but soon they too are completely
wrapped up in bandages.  Demetriey somehow gets to her feet and struggles
towards the door, being slowed by the never ending bandages that wind themselves
around her.  But as she reaches it the guards quickly move in and
lock it shut.  Now trapped, Demetriey struggles even harder to the
door, but it's much more difficult now.  Her entire body below her
head is covered in white bandages, giving the impression of a new skin. 
Demetriey cries as she pounds on the door, trying to get out.  But
it's too late for her.  The bandages start coming exceptionally fast,
and within a few moments both her legs are beginning to get wrapped together. 
Unable to keep her balance, Demetriey falls to the floor.  The bandages
move faster and faster, eagerly wrapping up both her legs until they are
a sold white mass of bandages.  And then her arms are forced to her
side, and they too are wrapped next to her body.  Then the bandages
seek out her head and neck, wrapping around it.

"Oh my go." Demetriey thinks.  "What on earth is happening to me?! 
He's wrapping me up as a mummy!  To be buried alive!!!"  It certainly
seems that way as the bandages bind her neck, and then flow over her head,
enveloping her face, nose and mouth, making a VWIPPP sound as they go. 
But the bandages avoid her eyes.

Within thirty seconds, Demetriey's head has been wrapped up.  The
bandages now begin to focus on wrapping the body in layers and layers of
bandages.  Five minutes later, Demetriey is wrapped under five layers
of bandages, completely and totally helpless, unable to move a muscle. 
But the bandages still come, wrapping her up even more.  Her mouth
buried under almost half an inch of bandages, Demetriey goes "Mmmphhhff!" 
In terror as her mummification continues.  Finally Targonamey walks
forward.  "All right."  He says.  "That's enough." 
He snaps his fingers.  The last bandages quickly apply themselves
and are still.

Targonamey walks up to Demetriey and turns her onto her back. 
Demetriey stares at Targonamey, her eyes wide with fright.  "I hope
you enjoyed my magic act."  He says.  "I've seen this before. 
Except you put up a more interesting show."  Demetriey wonders what
on earth Targonamey is talking about.  "You don't know?"  Targonamey
asks.  "Well, I did this to your sister Anakamum.  She's currently
a mummy lying in its coffin, and now you will join her."

Targonamey moves away and motions to his men to come and pick up this
newly created mummy.  They come over and pick her up and start towards
a large door in back.  They open it and go down several flights of
stairs into a long underground corridor deep in the palace dungeon until
they reach Targonameys hidden room.  Inside they bring Demetriey up
to a table where three coffins are waiting.

Buried deep within her cocoon, Demetriey desperately tries to struggle,
but her cocoon is serving its purpose of keeping her immobile and helpless. 
Then she manages to twist her head and she sees some more of Targonamey's
henchmen going towards a table where three coffins await.  She watches
in terror as the henchmen go to the first coffin.  Then they take
off the lid, and to Demetriey's horror there is another perfectly wrapped
mummy inside.  Then the thugs go over to the mummy and prop it up
by the shoulders.  Then they cut away some bandages over the mummy's
face to reveal the eyes of Anakamum.

"Well Demetriey, you wanted to see your sister."  Targonamey says. 
"And now here she is."  The two sisters look at each other with terror
filled eyes.  "All right, that's enough."  Targonamey says. 
"Wrap Anakamum's eyes up again."  Anakamum lets out muffled shouts
of protest as the guards grab her bandaged body to hold her still and they
wrap several bandages over Anakamum's face, her terrified eyes vanishing
under the white bandages.  When they finish wrapping her, they lay
her struggling form back down in the coffin and replace the lid.

Targonamey turns to Demetriey.  "Now it's your turn."  He
snaps his fingers and the second coffin lid is taken off to reveal a coffin
lined with some pillows and blankets.  "I can promise you that you
will be comfortable."  Targonamey says.  He turns to the henchmen
holding Demetriey up.  "Finish wrapping her, then place her inside." 
The henchmen place Demetriey down on a table and pull out the last bandages. 
Demetriey lets out a muffled scream and squirms for all her might within
the body hugging bandages.  But there is nothing she can do to prevent
the henchmen from taking the bandages and wrapping them around her eyes,
taking away her sight.  Five layers of bandages go over the eyes and
Demetriey is complete.  The henchmen take the mummified body of the
still living princess and take it to the second coffin.  As Demetriey
is laid inside it, she lets out a faint muffled scream and her bandaged
form squirms.

"Sleep well Demetriey."  Targonamey says as the lid is shut on
the coffin, sealing its owner and occupant inside.

Targonamey turns to his henchmen.  "Two down, one to go."

**Part 3 - Salalo**

Targonamey  looks over at the third and final coffin, waiting to
be occupied.  "Get all the supplies ready.  I will go ensure
that our final princess does not go anywhere soon."  His henchmen
nod and walk off.  Targonamey looks over at the two coffins that now
hold two out of three princesses.  Only one left to go.  Targonamey
giggles and walks out of the chamber.

Inside her coffin princess Demetriey lies still and tries to collect
her thoughts.  "OK, I'm currently wrapped up as a mummy by my families
psychopath advisor, and there is nothing I can do to improve my situation." 
She tries to move again, but she still cannot achieve anything outside
of a wiggle.  But the thing that disturbs her most is the fact that
her face is covered by half an inch of bandages, denying her the ability
to open her eyes.  She moans as she is left to herself in the darkness.

Five hundred feet above Demetriey, her remaining sister Salalo paces
in her room, trying to think of any sign that might lead to her missing
sister.  But that is proving rather difficult.

"Princes Salalo!"  A voice says.  Salalo turns and sees the
family advisor, Targonamey coming into her room.

"Yes?" She asks.  "What is it?"

"I have terrible news."  Targonamey says.

"What?"  An alarmed Salalo asks.  "What is it?"

"I'm afraid your sister Demetriey is missing!"

"What?!"  Salalo says.  "That cannot be!  I saw her only
ten minutes ago with my mother."

"I know," Targonamey says.  "But now she is missing, but I think
I know where she is."

"Where?"  Salalo asks.  "Take me to this place you speak of."

"Follow me."  Targonamey says as he walks out of the room. 
Salalo eagerly follows, her flowing white gown trailing behind her.

"So where is it that you think Demetriey is missing?"  Salalo asks.

"Somewhere in the dungeons beneath the palace."  Targonamey says. 
"How she got down there I cannot guess.  I found the door open, and
everyone I talked to said that none of the guards have gone down there. 
I think your sister went down there."

"Oh that's good."  Salalo says.  "It's a good thing you're
here Targonamey.  Where would we be withought you?"  To this,
Targonamey only smiles.

"We're here."  Targonamey says several minutes later as he leads
the princess deep within the catacombs under the palace.  "This door
should be it.  I don't think there is any other place she might be." 
Targonamey opens a door in front of him.  "Wait here princess. 
I should go first.  In case there is danger."  Salalo nods and
Targonamey walks into the room.  For a few seconds there is silence. 
Then he calls out, "It is safe, come in."  Salalo slowly walks into
the room, not sure what to expect.  Whatever it is though, is not
what awaits her.

As soon as she steps through the doorway, the door is slammed shut and
locked.  Before she can move to do anything, Targonameys thugs jump
on her, force her hands behind her back and clasp handcuffs onto her, along
with leg cuffs around her ankles.  Salalo is too stunned to do anything,
her brain not keeping up with the events unfolding.  "Take her to
the table."  Targonamey says.  The henchmen carry Salalo over
to a stone table and lock her down on it in a spead-eagle position.  
Salalo begins to struggle against the cuffs holding her wrists and ankles,
but they refuse to budge.

"Targonamey."  She asks.  "What are you doing?"

"Only engineering the last part of my plan."  Targonamey says. 
"Ensuring that the only three heirs of this family never have a chance
to take control of the throne, because they will all be mummified and buried
deep underground.  And you'll be one of them."

Salalo's eyes go wide.  "What?"  She asks, not believing what
she just heard.

"I said, that you are going to be mummified and buried with your sisters."

"Oh my."

"Curse, scream, do whatever you want."  Targonamey said. 
"It wont do you a shred of good down here, because nobody except me and
my men can hear you.  I can do whatever I want to you."  He looks
at her dress.  "For example, lets take that dress off you." 
He snaps his fingers and his men come forward and quickly rip the white
silk dress off, leaving Salalo quite naked on the table.

Targonamey looks at Salalo for about a minute.  "Of course, I am
willing to compromise.  Do what I want, and I'll give your life, even
if it is a life permanently wrapped in bandages."

Salalo thinks about it for a few seconds, then asks, "What do you want?"

Targonamey goes up to her.  "I want.you."  He strokes her
bare tummy with his finger.  "Be my toy, and I'll let you live and
I'll take care of you.  Who knows, you might even enjoy being a wrapped
up child's toy."

Salalo gulps, trying to recognize the magnitude of what he is offering
her.

"What's it going to be Salalo?"  Targonamey asks.

Salalo looks at him.  "If your only plan is to take over the country
and murder my sisters and I, then the answer is no."

Targonamey sighs.  "Too bad."  He says.  "Then I'll just
have to mummify you like your sisters."  He snaps his fingers. 
Salalo hears a clinking sound and looks up to see two wrist cuffs coming
down from the ceiling on chains.  They stop just above her. 
The guards undo her wrist restraints, only to forcibly lock her wrists
in these new chains.  The ankle restraints are undone, and Salalo
is pulled into the air, dangling from the chains that bind her wrists.

"I'd like you to meet a few friends of mine."  Targonamey says. 
Three ibis birds are brought into the room.

"They are specially trained birds, each trained to do one, and one thing
only."  He looks Salalo straight in the eye.  "The wrapping of
a living human being."

Targonamey's henchmen come forward, each carrying a six-inch thick roll
of white bandages.  They go to the three ibis birds and put a roll
in front of each.  The birds take the bandages in their talons. 
"Time to see if the birds know what to do."  Targonamey says.

The birds squawk and take off into the air.  They fly to the back
of the large chamber everyone is in, and then they turn and fly directly
towards the princess dangling by her wrists.  Salalo looks on in fear
as the birds close in on her dangling body.  Then the birds reach
her, and being what they were trained to do.
The birds begin to twirl around Salalo, trailing the bandages while
they do.  They spin around the princess at dizzying speeds until they
become little more then moving blurs.  As they spin Salalo feels something
down at her feet.  She looks down and sees a white bandage winding
itself around her left ankle.  Then another one winds its way around
her right ankle.  Then another begins to wind itself around her legs. 
Salalo watches, frozen by fear and unable to resist.  The birds keep
spinning around her, trailing bandages and letting them wind themselves
around the princess legs.

In thirty seconds Salalo's legs are completely wrapped up to her waist. 
She watches as the bandages quickly bind themselves around her mid section
and then up to her breasts, which they curl around and wrap tightly. 
Then the bandages wind completely around her chest and reach her neck. 
Panic finally sets in and Salalo screams and thrashes, but it's too late. 
Bandages wind around her neck and over her mouth, sealing her screams inside
her.  Her panic filled eyes vanish underneath the whirlwind of bandages
that embrace her face.

With her head fully wrapped and packaged, Salalo's arms are then wrapped
up, the bandages going over the cuffs and wrapping everything up tightly. 
In less then three minutes Salalo has been completely covered head to toe
in bandages, still dangling from her wrists.  Targonamey watches as
her bandaged form squirms and thrashes.  "Too loose."  He says. 
He whistles twice and the birds begin to spin again, encasing the princess
in another layer of bandages from her wrapped toes to her bandage covered
hair.  A minute later Salalo has been wrapped in another layer of
bandages.  Her struggles are fierce.  "She's got some spirit
in her."  Targonamey thinks.  Then he whistles three times. 
The birds spin again, wrapping the princess even tighter then before in
yet another layer.  Targonamey grins, enjoying this whole process
immensely.

And so for an hour it goes on, the birds wrapping the princess in layer
after layer after layer of bandages.  When they run out of a roll,
they go back and get some more.  After three rolls each, Targonamey
finally decides that they've done enough.  He has the chains loosened
and the mummified princess comes down onto the table.  Targonamey
rubs his hand longingly over the princesses bandaged tummy.  The soft
bandages feel wonderful.  "I want you so much."  He mutters. 
"You could be mine."  He leans over to the princesses wrapped up head. 
"You still have a chance."  He says.  "At the end of this fiasco,
you'll have one final chance to save yourself.  Think about it carefully." 
Targonamey isn't sure, but he thinks he sees a faint twitch from within
the bandages.

Targonamey motions to his henchmen.  They come over to the mummified
princess and wait.  Targonamey says a few magical words, and the chains
binding the wrists of the princess shoot out of the bandages, which magically
re-apply themselves.  The princess is sat up on the table and her
bandaged arms are forced behind her back.  The two arms are then wrapped
together as one, each hand touching an elbow.  With that finished,
the final princess of the royal family is carried over to the table where
three coffins lie.  The third and final one is opened, and the living
mummy is placed inside.  The lid is shut and locked.  Targonamey
looks at all his henchmen and grins.

"Three down, one final part to do."

This is my first attempt at a story, so if you would [E-mail
me](#author) and let me know what you think, I would greatly appreciate it.
.
