---
original_url: https://www.mummified.net/storieslr/quiet_as_the_grave.html
subcategory: Mummified
title: As Quiet As The Grave
authors:
- Jenny
tags:
- M+/f
- resin
- bodymod
- wrap
- bandages
- entombed
- sarcophagus
- permanent
- cons
- XX
date: 2005-04-27 00:00:00
---

I think the county of Worcestershire
is one of the nicest counties in England. Also one of the most mysterious
counties, it is well endowed with small sleepy villages that seem lost
in a time warp all of there own. It is as if time itself has passed them
by, I suppose that is what makes England the tops when it comes to folklore,
sprites, ghosts and things that go bump in the night.
 
I recently had the pleasure to
visit the county, and stayed in a small village that nestled by the banks
of the River Severn. It is the sort of village that one can drive past
without knowing it is there. As I was pre warned I was already looking
out for it, I was going south of Worcester, heading towards the small town
of Upton-on-Severn, I had booked in advance into a old inn, that I was
assured was full of old world charm and not to be missed.
 
The purpose of my visit was to
find some information about my past. I knew nothing of my parents relations
and this trip was to try to fill that gap in my knowledge and family history.
I had learned my Grandmother had lived there but had suddenly disappeared
many years ago at the age of 24, so this was hopefully a trip of discovery.
 
I booked into the inn the mist
was settling down as I arrived adding to the thrill of the setting I found
myself in. On entering the inn, I was greeted by a cheery tubby gent who
introduced himself as the landlord and asked if I was the guest he was
expecting. I assured him I was the Jenny Wize he was expecting.
 
Over dinner, I asked if he knew
of my missing relation, a Miss Alice who lived down the road in Quay lane.
I thought for a minute the smile disappeared from his face, perhaps he
was just thinking, he shook his head saying he knew of no one by that name.
As I looked up, he was staring down at me the sort of stare that seems
to penetrate my very being. I finished the meal, slipping on my denim jacket,
I ventured out into the night air, the mist now was quite thick, I made
my way down Quay lane towards the river. My Grandmother used to live in
the last house on the right near the River Severn.
 
The house seemed to appear out
of the mist, standing in front of the house were two ladies, both dressed
in what I would call old fashioned clothes, the first one rather younger
smiled and asked my business. I explained that I was looking for a long
lost relation called Alice; the Lady smiled and asked if I had looked at
the graveyard at the rear of the church, she stated that most of the old graves
were at the rear of the church. I thanked them for their advise and set
back up the lane towards a second lane called Bowling Green, this in turn
led to the rear of the church, I wandered around for a while.
 
The mist grew thicker, and the
air seemed to be a lot cooler but it was a sweet smell in the air, a smell
resembling chloroform, the smell seemed to linger in the air around the
graveyard. I do not know what happened next but I found myself wandering
down some stone steps, I seemed to be dressed in a monks habit it was all
white, my hands seemed bound together, but there was no panic in me at
all. In front and behind me were some, I presumed male figures, also dressed
in monks habit, only their habits where a dark colour, almost black but
not quite 
 
The leading figure had an old fashioned
lantern that cast shadows of the ghostly figures on the underground walls.
In my mind, I could hear a ghostly chant as we progressed under the graveyard;
I heard a slight rumble behind me as a stone slab closed over the entrance
we had just entered by. The passage way led in to a larger chamber, a stone
sarcophagus was in the centre of the room, and I was made to stand on a
round stone next to the sarcophagus. My white robes were removed and dropped
to the floor; my naked body glistened in the shimming light from the lit
torches positioned in the surrounding walls. I do not know why, but I seemed
to know what was expected of me, no commands were spoken.

One monk removed
the cords from my wrists, my arms hung by my side. Now two monks glided
over, one holding a silver dish, the other monk removed a scoopful of a
thickish paste from the dish, he eased my lower jaw down, I lifted my tongue
up and the paste was deposited below my tongue, then gently pressing my
tongue into the paste which seemed to set quite quick.
 
A tube was now inserted over my
tongue and down my throat; I choked a little as the tube slid in. A tear
came from the corner of my eye. It was impossible to resist, it was as
if I knew what was required on me. A tool was now inserted in the top of
my mouth and it ground the two front teeth away so when the jaw was closed
the tube could protrude easily. Now more of the paste was placed in the
jaw on top of my tongue, now the monk closed my jaw, the excess paste squeezed
through gaps in my teeth, he held my jaw closed for a few minutes till
the paste set solid sealing my mouth closed.
 
Now each nostril was sealed with
the paste so now I was relying totally on the tube to breathe. My whole
body now was being painted with a clear liquid, this had a three fold purpose
firstly to kill all bacteria, remove all hair and thirdly to put a solid
rigid coat over the body. After a few coats of the clear liquid I was held
quite rigid, I was aware of my breathing rattling up and down the tube.
Now I was being bandaged from head to toe, soon I was coated in bandage
from top to bottom, and again the bandages were coated in additional layers
of resin liquid till I was totally sealed in.
 
I suppose I resembled an Egyptian
mummy, I was low lifted bodily in to the sarcophagus, my breathing quickened
considerably as panic set in. Now my breathing tube was now connected to
a second tube, this now took over my breathing whether I liked it or not,
 
It is a really strange feeling
to have your rate of breathing controlled by a third party, the sarcophagus
was now pumped full of resin totally entombing me, the stone lid was slid
in place and all was quiet as death itself.
