---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Just Another Toy on the Shelf
authors:
- Riptieron
tags:
- M/f
- D/s
- bondage
- encased
- plaster
- cons
- XXX
---

**Just Another
Toy on the Shelf**
by Riptieron
Just Another Toy on the Shelf by Riptieron
 
I was not in a very good position, considering that I had been, for
the last seven years, my Master’s favorite slave, and that was what led
me to my down fall. I had become too comfortable, too relaxed as the favorite,
earning special privileges that others did not enjoy, and feeling good
about myself. Now I was to be punished for my arrogance. I had thought
of myself as better than the rest of the slaves, but now I realize all
but too late of how I am wrong. I lazily let my guard down one too many
times, did not respond as fast to my Master’s commands, and He introduced
me to my replacement, stating that I have fallen out of his graces as head
slave, and he will play with me as long as he gets amusement out of my
punishment for being lazy.

I shuddered at the thought of how he might punish my body… I have seen
the way he has treated the other slaves for his amusement and pleasure,
his keen intellect and vast knowledge of bondage gives him a vast palate
to choose things to torture my soft body with. I am twenty-six years old,
and have long flowing black hair. My body is 36 inch chest, 22 inch waist,
and 28 inch hips giving me the appearance of a goddess. My firm breasts
do not sag, and have nipples that firm up when I think about my Master’s
touching me. I love all types of bondage, and there is nothing I won’t
let my Master do to me, even now.

My replacement is as well endowed like I am, and has the same overall
features as me. I am jealous of her opportunity, being called out to be
the subject of my Master’s every whim. I wait in the lower chamber alone.
I have been locked in this room, this cell for the damned, held here as
he prepares the dungeon for my punishment. This room is Spartan, has no
windows, and just one door. The walls are cinderblock, and the floor cement,
no paint. There is a cot on the far wall for me to sleep on, and a slot
under the door for my food to be slipped by the other slaves. I do not
know how long I have been here, but I have had nine meals, so I have been
here for roughly three days. I have only a blanket to stay warm with, and
I usually stay wrapped in it.

I have little more to think about than my fate, which is reserved for
some twisted punishment that may place my body into restraints forever.
My master once placed a girl into an iron cage, welding it shut around
her body, she had very little room to move, and she had to be fed by someone
else because she could not raise her arms to feed herself. Another girl
he placed in coffin, and also welded it shut, except for the vents, and
she is still inside drinking her meals thru a straw, attached to the wall
of the coffin. My master also has a since of humor. He once caught a girl
stealing food from the cooler, and he punished her by shackling her to
a wall in the basement, placing a catheter and intravenous line to her,
and then walled her up, but not before filling the compartment slowly with
plaster, over a two month period. She is still down there, plaster up to
her neck, and receiving her meals intravenously thru the line from the
kitchen, where the drip bag is located. I will probably have a similar
fate, as I am no longer anything special to him.

I heard the door to the chamber being unlocked, and my master opened
the door, standing in the entrance to the room, he motioned for me. I stood
up dropping the blanket to the floor, knowing he would not stand for me
to be clothed in any manner. He put his large hand on the back of my neck
and guided me to the dungeon. It was down the hall and a flight of stairs.

The house had been made for him, he was incredibly rich, and he wanted
this house to seclude all the things that he desired to do, or create,
or otherwise think of. Even after seven years in the house, there are parts
of the house that I do not know about, but I know that they are there,
just by the dimensions of the upper floors, there is space not taken on
the basement floors. I often wonder about the other half of the basement
level, the area he calls the “toy room.” That is where the other girls
have been moved to, the area that is secret. This area where none of us
slaves ever want to go, but are all at some point going to in the end,
when we out live our use to the Master. This place is where no one returns
from, and there have been four to go down in the last seven years.

He pushed me into the dungeon, and I was then shackled at the legs,
by a chain anchored to a “D” ring set in the center of the floor. This
was the place he used to have fun with most of us, this was his dungeon
for the family so to speak, and he often called it the “family room.” There
are pegboards full of whips and bondage equipment of every kind on the
walls. I have spent long hours roped up in all manner of contortions at
his hands inside this very room. He then opened the door that I had never
seen opened. It was the door to the other half of the basement, and somewhere
in there was the “toy room.”

He walked into the space beyond and I wondered if he would come out,
the space so haunted my mind, taking up space in my dreams, and forming
pictures of the things that he had told me of. Master emerged again from
the space and held a collar. He locked it onto my neck and took the shackles
off. He walked slowly to the doorway holding the chain to my collar. Giving
a slight tug, he looked annoyed at my brief loitering.

I bowed my head sadly as I walked to the doorway, knowing that he had
decided to move my status down to the toy room, where all the other “playthings”
were. I never really understood how deeply my Master was into his private
obsessions until I entered this space. He had every tool one could think
of, it was a workshop, and a good one, with every tool in its place, and
a good deal of room to make things. There was an elevator on the side of
the room, a service elevator. It could only go down, since I knew that
it did not go upstairs, to any other part of the house. I wondered how
large a place this was… if there was an elevator…

He hooked the chain to the ring hanging from the ceiling. I looked at
the room, it was bare except for the tools, a pallet lay on the floor,
and there were empty boxes on the far wall, stacked up. I wondered what
he would do with me. I am scared. The air is cool, and I began to shiver.
He looked at me as my body got goose bumps, and my nipples firmed up. He
smiled.

He was tinkering with something on the other side of the workshop. He
turned back to me, and grabbed my hands by the wrists, then placed them
into leather cuffs. Walking me over to the pallet on the floor, he attached
the cuffs to a pulley chain on the ceiling, and then he ratcheted me up,
slowly inch by inch, until I was a foot above the pallet. He placed two
boxes under my feet, and then lined the boxes with plastic bags. He painted
my feet with black latex body paint. It took about ten minutes to dry.
My arms are getting very tired from hanging. He opened a bag of plaster,
and mixed up a large amount of it inside of a plastic trash bag. I looked
down at my feet, now stiff from the latex over them. He was planning to
encase me inside plaster! How far would he go? I had no idea. I was only
here to please him, so I tried to give him my best ‘helpless but willing’
look, and be the part of the scene that he wanted. I don’t think that I
did such a good job, as he poured the contents of the bag into the boxes
below my feet, I think my eyes showed real concern for what was going on.

He stirred the plaster for a time, and then started to lower me into
the plaster. Even though it was only my feet, I knew that this would be
a long lasting cast, the boxes where about six inches larger than my feet,
my tiny feet would be hopelessly trapped by that amount of plaster around
them. He took a small spreader bar and placed it between my knees, spreading
my legs to the desired angle. I complied with him to get the effect that
he wanted for the pose. As he lowered me further, the cold plaster surrounded
my feet, sticky and thick. He worked out any bubbles, and made sure that
the feet where at the right angles. He then placed three baby bottle nipples
into the plaster, upside down just far enough to hold them in without sinking.
I was very tired from hanging, but I tried not to show it, he would be
displeased with it.

As the plaster hardened, it grew hot, and the surface of the blocks
began to sweat as the moisture came out. I felt the plaster warming my
body up, as the blood rushed past the blocks around my feet. Soon the plaster
would cool, and I would be free of the heat. He watched me as I waited
for the plaster to cool, and he finally tested the plaster, and then lowered
me an inch more, allowing me to rest on my feet. I had no ability to move
my feet, and the plaster was still hot.

After seeing the plaster had taken, he left the room. I was left to
hang, arms up, and the two plaster blocks on my feet. I hung there over
night. By morning the blocks are almost dry on the top. My arms are numb
from being up all night. With the spreader bar at my knees, and the plaster
blocks on my feet, I am for the most part immobile.

Master returned to the room. He inspected the blocks carefully, and
then got to work on the next part of his unfolding plan for me. It seemed
that I was his new hobby, and I actually liked the attention. He pulled
the nipples from the plaster, and started to paint my legs, he covered
them twice this time. My legs felt great having two coats of the latex
body paint feels wonderful. He stopped just below my clit, covering everything
up to my hips. All I could do is watch. Master cut a box open, then folded
it around the bottom box of my right leg. He duct taped the seams together,
and lined it with plastic just as he did the first. This would make the
second part of the cast for that leg. The new box stopped just below my
knee.

He got a drill out, and drilled three holes into the plaster block,
pilot holes for three bolts, that he screwed into place, for when the new
plaster set around them, the two block would be held fast by the bolts.
The indentations from the nipples would also interlock the blocks together. 
He repeated the whole procedure for the other leg too.

Master mixed another batch of plaster up, and poured it into the molds.
He placed nipples again, and left me again. The cold goop hardened within
thirty minutes, getting hot fairly fast. I now was sure of it, he meant
to encase me totally in plaster, I would never move again after this procedure.
I hung for the rest of the day. Then at night Master returned and started
the next phase of the encasement.

He released my arms from the cuffs, and then pulled me over to the work
table on a dolly. With much effort, he placed first one leg, then the other
onto the workbench. I laid flat on the table, with a fluorescent shop light
directly above me, lighting up the space I am in fully. The table I am
resting on is cold, and the top was covered with laminate. It is smooth,
and he could slide me around on its surface easily. I wondered if I what
he was going to do next.

He painted my hands, and forearms. He was going to cast them next. He
first placed my body onto several blocks of scrap wood, elevating it up.
Master positioned my arms up at ninety degree angles to my body, and placed
blocks under them too. I tried to act as if I were made of clay, doing
everything he wanted me to. If this is what he wanted, this is what I would
give him. He cut holes for my hands to go thru the box side, and put my
hands in, resting on the blocks. My hands still above my head, they were
quite comfortable now that I was lying down. I felt the plaster covering
my hands as he poured in the mixture. I began to get excited as it began
to firm up. I know that master noticed my excitement as I felt my nipples
harden. I was getting hot. My clit bulged but there was nothing that I
could do to get off. I was being tortured by this. I love being helpless.

When the heat disappeared, it was early in the morning, and I was very
hungry, and thirsty. My ordeal had lasted two days so far, and I was growing
weaker. Master usually did this for a reason, he liked submissives to be
weak and tired, and it seemed to excite him that I was fighting just to
please him. He returned early in the morning to start another section.
He started work on my forearms. He used the same techniques as before,
attaching bolts, and taping the boxes together.

My body rested on the blocks of wood, and my hands inside the plaster,
encased by the rigid material. I was comfortable, considering this. With
both my feet and hands entombed, I felt like a doorstop. My feet had no
play, I could not move them an inch. The plaster was heavy, still saturated
with water. I was naked except for the plaster.

My excitement still grew as he poured the next batch of fresh plaster.
I had not been entombed before this, and I think that I like it. The plaster
grew firm, and I would soon be worth nothing more than a giant paperweight.
I wondered if he would encase my whole body, or just the extremities.

Master placed a hairnet over my head, and placed a box around my head.
He then painted my head, and made sure that my eyes are shut for good by
the latex. I am now blind, and have no way to see. Master placed a tube
into my mouth, and then sealed it up to my lips using the latex paint.
I would remain a statue sealed inside this plaster for the rest of my days.
I soon felt the plaster pour into the box over my head. He filled it up
halfway, and then stopped; I guessed that the plaster would have to be
done in two passes, for the heat not to cook my scalp. I waited for what
seemed forever. My eyes shut; I could not judge time in any way at all.
The room felt as if where moving some times.

I awoke with a start to the felling of cold plaster being poured on
my face, as Master finished the head mold. The plaster was very wet this
time, and felt colder than usual. I tried not to move a muscle.

I could feel him painting the rest of my body, applying the latex liberally
to my chest, and using broad circular strokes to cover my large breasts.
Then I could feel him attaching something to my body, like a piece of card
board, or something. Master would place it on my body, and take it away,
then replace it, and take it away again. I think he was fitting something
to the curvature of my form. He was going to fit a molding piece to my
body, to block out the plaster on the next pour. I would have exposed areas!
I was excited to realize this, and then I remembered, my head is still
in the plaster. I would never be able to see myself inside this encasement.
The making of the next mold took my Master a full day to complete. He worked
constantly on it too. I could not stay awake from exhaustion and dehydration.
I know that my master would keep me safe from real danger; he had walked
this line with me before. I drifted out of consciences. I was startled
by the cold feeling of something pushing its way into my small asshole,
it was a butt plug, and Master forced it firmly into me, and then adjusted
it by inflating the bulbous part of the plug, keeping it lodged inside
of my ass. I felt full and weak. He started working on the mold again.
I could only wait.

I was dozing in and out when he started the plastering again. He poured
the plaster in up to just cover the underside of my ass. I was supported
by blocks under my back. I would be getting plastered underneath of my
back, and then he would most likely build up from there. I have multiple
molded pieces of cardboard stuck to my body, around my hips, ass, and sides
running up and around the outside of my breasts, then over my armpit and
up to my neck. I have the feeling that I will be a body without a face
when all of this plastering is done. Master would be able to use my exposed
areas as he wished, and I would never be able to utter a word. I found
this most arousing. I feel back asleep.

I don’t have any idea of how long I was out, but I feel warm all over
my body, and I can’t move anything anymore. Master must have poured the
last of the plaster. I can’t stay awake, I am too tired.

I feel something wet against my lips, I open my eyes, and I see Master
spooning me some broth. I am slightly upright, I don’t understand how.
I take a few gulps, the plaster over my face is gone now, but the rest
of the encasement is still on. Master helps me to eat, and then I fall
back asleep.

I awake to see the other part of the mask on the table in front of me.
It was made of rubber, hard rubber; Master must have wanted me to have
a removable face mask. My head is still lodged behind a ton of plaster,
and I cannot move it at all. He left it off for the night, or what ever
time it is, I no longer have any idea, I have been down here for so long…
I can’t say. The mask has bolts in it to refasten it to the plaster front,
and in that event, I would be again faceless.

My body is surrounded by plaster on all sides, but in the frontal areas-
my sex, and breasts, stomach, are exposed to the air. Master has cut away
the latex that protects me from the plaster, cut it back to the point that
it meets with the plaster. Under the plaster, the latex is still there.
I would wear it for the rest of my life. I can wiggle, but only in the
places that are exposed. I am really trapped in the plaster, my feet, my
hands, legs, and arms are very stiff. I will never move them again.

I look as far as I can around the room, and see that I am in a small
cell, with no door, but a hall, or passage lie beyond the opening in the
opposite wall. It runs in both directions past my cell. I see one overhead
light; the walls are made of concrete, solid, and cold. This place is dreary,
dark. The table is in front of me, it is small, and holds the mask.

My exposed flesh is cold, but the rest of me is warm, the insulation
of the plaster keeps me plenty warm. I see that there is a tube below me
that runs into a bag. This must be from the butt plug. I squeeze on the
plug with my sphincter, and feel that it is still there and very firmly
entrenched. I have no rights to anything in here. I am a thing in his care.
So I wait.

He came back within an hour, Master took the mask and placed it over
my face saying the words I would never forget, “I will never touch you
again, but, I will lease you out to some of my high paying friends, for
their pleasure. You will be a toy for them, a good one too. I will make
a lot of money off of your body, and regain the loss that I sustained from
when you where living with me in the house.” He said, “and when you are
finally too old too be of use, I will wall the rest of your body into the
wall, then place a cement wall in front of that, you will be fed intravenously,
for the rest of your life. Then, in front of you, someone else will be
placed, less than a foot away.”

I heard the words, and realized that he meant to pimp me out to rich
businessmen that he knew, I would be a perfect lay for anyone who wanted
to remain nameless. I would never know them, and they would never care
about me, I would be used for others pleasure, literally pinned to a wall.
In the darkness behind the mask, I would have to wait for each meal, and
with no light, the wait is agonizing.

I felt someone grab my chest, and run their hands over my body, they
stuck a finger inside of me, and dug into me, they had no shame, and did
not use a light touch, I am, after all, an object, as good as a car, or
any other machine, he was just kicking my tires so to speak. He pressed
his big hairy body against mine, and thrust a very large fat dick into
my love hole, making me wince at the suddenness of its invasion, he thrust
at me repeatedly, and then erupted, I could feel his penis throbbing as
he came, and all I could do is hang inside of the plaster, waiting for
the experience to end. He pulled away, smacked my titty, and backed off.
It was all over in about ten minutes or less. That was the first of many,
in that night alone; I learned that I would make my Master rich beyond
my wildest dreams, and that I had underestimated my net worth. He obviously,
had not. In the first month no less than forty men came and used me, my
Master had given me to them, and I was helpless to object, helpless in
all ways to fighting this, and I could only think about resisting there
assault upon my body. I liked it though, I really do. I have no guilt about
having sex at all, and I get it all the time. I don’t have to worry about
making decisions, and I never have to worry about their appearance, I never
see them. My life is very laid back.

I often think about when it will be when Master decides to retire me,
and wall me up. But for right now, I will enjoy being the ride that everyone
likes to cum on.

-RIP

04.08.04

story continues in [**Just Another Toy on the Shelf 2**](just_another_toy2.html)

o0o
