---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/homelessmodelbondagelover.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Homeless Model-Bondage Lover
authors:
- Jake R
tags:
- M/m
- hotel
- naked
- bond
- rope
- hogtie
- mast
- climax
- 'true'
- cons
- X
date: 2013-09-09 00:00:00
---

I welcomed the chance to return to San Francisco for a business conference. It had been three years since I had started my current job in another state, and I was looking forward to returning to the city where I had spent two years working for a private corporation following my university graduation.
I was traveling alone and had no one with me for the two days that I was there. This came as a surprise, since there were two of us originally scheduled to attend, but a last minute emergency forced my co-worker to have to cancel.
My flight arrived at the San Francisco airport and a taxi took me to my hotel quite early in the morning. When I checked in, I told the clerk at the check-in desk that I was alone and would only need a room for one instead of the room with two beds. The convention was being held in the same hotel, and I found that I would have to keep the same room--but they did give me a $20 discount since only one person would be using the room and only one of the beds.
I was amazed at how much the city had changed since I had lived in the area! I attended the necessary meetings during the first day, but avoided the convention's social event in the evening so I could have the time to myself. As usual, I went for a walk. The convention hotel was situated just three blocks from a favorite restaurant that I used to patronize as often as I could -- it was a soup and salad, all-you-can-eat restaurant, and the food was delicious. That was the first place I wanted to visit that evening.
I found the restaurant--or what was left of it. I later found out that about a month before the convention, the place had burned to the ground; all that remained was a pile of burned timbers and blackened walls. I stood and looked at it for a few minutes, then in a disappointed mood began to walk down the street it had been on. The name was Polk Street and when I had lived near the city a few years before, it had been the street where most of the gay and lesbian couples lived and congregated.
I walked for about three blocks, passing several homeless people interspersed among the couples holding hands. These homeless people were a relatively new addition, and were sitting on the sidewalk in front of various businesses asking for handouts. Most of the homeless people were older and seemed quite off-balance and derelict in their dress and demeanor. I found out that there was a renovated homeless shelter not far away, but many of them just seemed to enjoy the adventure of living on the street and refused to go there.
One of these homeless people looked in my direction as I passed by and my attention was immediately drawn to him. He was just a young guy, perhaps late twenties. He had light brown hair and brown eyes, and was obviously quite tall even though he was sitting against a wall when I spotted him. He was not bad looking at all, just somewhat scruffy from not having a razor and way too young to be homeless--at least he seemed totally out of place among all the older individuals. He held out his hand as I passed, and for some reason, I stopped to talk to him. Unlike the others, he seemed to be somewhat sophisticated and alert.
I asked him how he came to be homeless, and why he had not gone to the nearby shelter. He replied that he had been there often, but people were only allowed to go there four days a week; he had one more day before he could go again. He was looking forward to a shower, he told me, but had to wait until tomorrow night. He just needed some money to buy a couple of meals until then.
I told him my first name and explained that I was from out of town and staying at a hotel just a few blocks from there. He was welcome to come back to my room with me and have a shower if he wanted. He gratefully accepted, and I came to the conclusion that he was actually embarrassed for the circumstances that he found himself in and considered it anything but an adventure or a way of meeting people like some of the homeless appeared to accept.
He grabbed a small bundle laying on the ground next to him, and as we walked to my hotel, he told me a little about his life to that point. I was not really paying attention to all the specifics, but I do recall that he had two small daughters that he missed greatly. His wife would not let him see her or them until he could find employment and "get his act together". He was trying, but things did not seem to be working out. He was an actor/model and there just didn't seem to be any possibilities for employment at the time despite all his attempts to find work. He couldn't even find a job waiting tables or sweeping floors because of his appearance. He did have more clothes at the homeless shelter, but the bundle he carried was just enough to get him by until he could return there tomorrow night. That is about all I can recall of our conversation, but my heart went out to him for his dire situation. It didn't surprise me though that he was a model. Despite his scruffy appearance, he looked like one!!
As we walked through the hotel lobby, there were quite a number of people who looked at him--some probably marveled at how handsome he was, but most were probably looking at him with with disgust at his appearance.We rode the elevation up and arrived at my hotel room. He was polite enough to refrain from sitting on any chairs or the beds since he said he was too dirty. I gave him a towel and told him to take his time in the shower. He thanked me and disappeared into the bathroom.
Time for a small commercial break in this story...... and a brief explanation: I do volunteer work with a number of volunteer organizations where I live, and donate to various charities when I am able. To say that I am a zealous humanitarian would be stretching the imagination somewhat. I do have various vices, and streaks of selfishness, and....... other things. One of my selfish transgressions centers in my enjoyment of bondage with other guys. There are no reservations as to age, physical appearance, occupation, nationality, or anything else--any guy of legal age will work fine in my passion for bondage. But, as can be expected, this interest that I have is not something that is usually brought up in social circles and casual conversations. It requires a fair amount of planning and creativity at times to make it happen and change a fantasy to a reality, which is something I was hoping to do now. But my plot was developing from each passing minute to the next. I was selfishly hoping that somehow, I could maneuver this situation into seeing this homeless model tied up without hating myself after for taking advantage of him. Now....... back to the unfolding story.
He took a longer-than-normal shower, and stepped out of the bathroom, wearing nothing but a towel wrapped around his waist. He asked me to hand him the small bundle of clothes that he had left on the floor beside the writing table in the room, explaining that they were still slightly dirty, but cleaner than the ones he had taken off. I barely heard him--I was too absorbed in looking at him wearing nothing but a towel (and I should add that I am not gay). Some people just merit a more detailed and prolonged viewing. He was well built, with well-developed chest and leg muscles and his feet were great looking as well. He had a generous amount of chest hair covering his upper body, and I remember thinking that with a great looking body like that, he especially did not deserve the necessity of living on the street. He really deserved to be plastered on billboards and posters for the model that he was!
He took his small bundle, asked permission to use my razor (I could only muster a nod with my open-mouthed stare), and disappeared into the bathroom again, only to emerge twenty minutes later: dressed, but still barefoot. He wore short trousers that only went to his knees, and a shirt that only had three buttons near the bottom. Now that he was "cleaner", he felt comfortable enough to sit on the second bed and we made small talk for a time while I had a perfect view of his bare feet, hairy lower legs, and the upper part of his hairy chest that his shirt did not adequately cover. He seemed to be in deeper thought as we talked, and finally asked if anyone was using the second bed that night. I shook my head, "no". He swallowed a couple of times, then asked me if it might be possible for him to use it that night. He posed the question in an almost pleading voice, and I thought maybe this could work to my advantage (and his as well), so I cautiously agreed.
I explained that it was originally intended to have another convention attendee staying with me, but plans had changed at the last minute. I told him that I had received a discount on the room, but could pay the difference myself so he could sleep in a bed that night. His appreciation was clearly evident. And he was very willing to show his appreciation by what he said next.
''Jake," he said, "I am honest, discreet and you can trust me. If you want any special favors from me, I am willing to do anything that you want." Then looking directly into my face, he added, "If you want any sexual gratification from me, I would be willing to provide it to repay you. I hope that you aren't offended by that comment, but I have provided..... gratification for others in that way who have done me a favor. I have even shared a bed with other people--both women and men."
I was surprised by his openness. "That's not necessary," I replied. He seemed to give a sigh of relief. Then the creative idea hit me! I had to 'seize the moment'--even if it might possibly lead to hating myself later.
"I hope you won't mind if I take some precautions though," I told him. He looked at me with a puzzled look, and I continued. "I need to go the reservation desk and pay the discount back."
He shook his head and mumbled that he was even more puzzled that I felt the need to be so honest.
"I hope it makes you realize that I am also honest and you can trust me as well," I continued. "When I do, I will stop at the hotel drug store for a toothbrush for you, and the hotel restaurant to get some supper for us as well. I will likely be gone for about thirty minutes.This being a hotel and dressed like you are, it might be best for you to wait in the room." He nodded his understanding and agreement. I continued, "I do trust you, but I hope you don't mind my precautionary action. While I am gone, you could rob me blind and be gone by the time I get back."
He nodded his head and gave a slight smile. "I wouldn't do that, but I can understand why you want to be careful. Do you want me to wait in the hall?"
"You are cleaner," I said light heartedly, "but your clothes still brand you as homeless, or at least an unsavory character. You probably should wait here in the room." He gave me a puzzled look and scratched his forehead. "Have you ever been tied up?" I asked.
His eyebrows raised slightly, but then he smiled. "I never have," he said, "but a couple of the others who have wanted some gratification for doing me a favor have asked me to tie them up, then jack them off or give them a blow job or...... Wait a minute. Are you going to tie me up during the time that you will be gone?"
I nodded. He took a deep breath and appeared relaxed. "That will be fine with me, Jake," he continued, "I understand your concern. We really don't know each other that well. You don't even know my name. It's Cody, by the way."
"Cody," I repeated, "nice to meet you.... officially. Find a television station that you might enjoy watching while I get some rope from my suitcase." I was more than excited! A plan to get Cody tied up was moving along nicely!
Time for another commercial message: I mentioned before that originally there were two of us who were to attend the conference, but a last minute emergency had caused my coworker to cancel. There may be a question as to why I had rope in my suitcase. With my interest in male bondage, I had hoped to somehow talk my coworker into letting me tie him up. Just how that would come about, I was not sure, but wanted to be prepared if the opportunity should arise. I had just overlooked removing it from my suitcase. The stars must have been alligned in my favor! Now back to the story:
"Why do you have rope in your suitcase?" Cody asked me.
"I was going to be prepared for a possible demonstration of something during the convention... with my coworker," I replied in a sort of half truth.
Cody smiled and took the television remote, then began flipping channels to find an interesting one. When he had selected one, he looked at me. "Can I lay on the bed while I am tied up?" I nodded. "Do you mind if I take off my shirt?" he asked.
"That would be fine," I replied, thinking that there were only three buttons holding it on and two of them looked like they were ready to pop off at any time.
He smiled and removed the remnants of his shirt, then moved to the center of the bed laying on his back. It appeared that he thought I was going to tie his hands and feet to the four corners of the bed.
"Cody, roll over onto your stomach," I said.
He looked at me with a puzzled expression, then did it. I kneeled on the bed beside him and pulled his hands behind his back. He looked up at me again. "Tying my hands together like this might make it easier for me to untie myself," he said in a lighthearted way.
I smiled at him, "I will take that chance."
I crossed his wrists behind him and tied them together. I moved to his bare feet and tied them together, side by side. I took a third rope and hogtied him, then stood up off the bed. The ropes were somewhat tight, and cinched with cross ties, and I had tied the knots out of his reach. He tested the ropes then smiled back at me. "I am pretty sure I will be here when you get back."
I looked into my wallet to make sure I had what I needed while he squirmed into position so he could watch the television. When I left, he was laying on his side with his hands and feet hogtied together behind him, watching the television.
I went to the restaurant and placed an order, then while it was being prepared I went to the drugstore for a toothbrush and some toiletries, then the check-in counter to pay back the discount. The clerk asked no questions as to why, and I didn't volunteer any reason. I picked up the food from the restaurant and returned to my room.
As I rode the elevator up, I realized that I did not really know the young, homeless model laying hogtied in my hotel room. I also wondered what sort of idiot I was to do something like this--after all, I had only found out his name less than an hour ago! I unlocked the door and slipped into the room. Cody looked at the door, smiled at me, then looked back at the television. He had not moved from his hogtied position, laying on his side, since I left, but I was confident that there was an erection that had formed and the front of his pants were showing a definite wet spot. I wasn't sure if it was due to the television show, or the fact that he was tied up. I set the food down on the writing desk in the room, and moved to the bed to untie him. He rolled onto his stomach so I could get to the knots more easily, and I slowly untied his hands and feet.
I told him that we could both watch the television as we ate. He was deeply engrossed in a movie, and I gathered up the plates and napkins after we finsihed eating.
"I can do that," he volunteered.
"Cody, you are an actor and need to focus on your profession--keep watching the movie!" He gave me a big smile and settled back into the propped up pillows on his bed. I looked at him a lot as I cleaned up, enjoying the sight of his "model" hairy chest and legs and bare feet, and remembering how he had looked while hogtied on the bed.
When the movie ended, it was about 10:00 p.m. "It is 11:00 p.m.Mountain Standard Time," I apologized, "and I have meetings tomorrow."
We pulled the bedspreads from our beds, and he also pulled the top sheet down. He kept looking at me out of the corner of his eye, and finally sat down on the edge of his bed. I looked at him directly, and he swallowed a couple of times before he spoke. "Jake," he began, "thanks so much for helping me out like you are doing tonight."
I shrugged it off, "I really enjoy your company, Cody. I honestly do."
"Do you intend to tie me up tonight while we sleep? After all....," he pointed out with a smile, and even added a wink, "I could very easily 'rob you blind' and leave while you are asleep." I smiled back. Somehow I got the impression that he had enjoyed being tied up. I asked him outright. This time he shrugged his shoulders as he looked at the floor, then looked up at me and smiled again as he said, "Oh, it wasn't that bad, and sort of fun."
I had a hard time keeping my excitement hidden, but I think I was somewhat successful. I just smiled back and said, "Well, I think it would be a good idea--you know--the precaution thing?"
With that, he swallowed again and I knew another question was coming. In a softer voice, he said, "If I am able to sleep in a bed--and not at the homeless center--I do like to sleep in the nude. Is that offensive to you?"
I should have been sitting down, because my knees went sort of weak! In a voice that I hoped wasn't completely evident of my excitement, I told him, "No, I am not offended by that." He smiled again and removed his pants. I did sit down this time!! I had not seen his entire naked body before now--he had been wrapped in the towel before. All I can say is: he looked awesome. It may have been jealousy on my part, more likely awe, but I almost wished that I was gay!
I got my ropes from the floor where I had tossed them when I untied him before supper, and he lay down on his bed. "How are you planning to tie me this time?"
"Move to the center of the bed and lay on your back," I told him. He did, and I tied his hands and feet to the four corners of the bed in a spread position. I wanted to make sure he would be comfortable enough to get some sleep. When I finished, he looked fantastic!! His arms and legs were stretched out, and his entire "model" body was fully exposed: hairy chest and armpits and legs, bare feet that were soft and flawless, and the final icing on the cake being an erection that pointed to the ceiling like a flagpole and was beginning to leak before the knots had been completely tied! He did not want any covering from the top sheet, he just wanted to lay on the mattress and bottom sheet.
I undressed and climbed between my sheets, then went to sleep laying on my side as I just stared at the scene in front of my eyes. I couldn't take my eyes off his flagpole, and wondered how it could be so long and tall!! Small wonder that he didn't want the top sheet rubbing against it or making contact in any way!
I am usually a sound sleeper who can sleep through an earthquake, volcanic eruption, and tsunami combined, but I did not sleep well that night. The sight before me would not allow it! At one point I dozed, but woke up and opened my eyes when I heard some low moaning coming from the bed next to mine. Cody was somewhat restless and was looking my direction when I opened my eyes. He seemed to be in distress, and apologetically told me that he had to go relieve himself in the worst way. I jumped out of bed, and quickly untied him. I untied one hand first and he used it to untie his other hand while I untied his feet. He bolted from the bed when he was free and hurried into the bathroom. While I gathered up the ropes and after a few minutes, I heard the water running in the sink, and he emerged from the bathroom, looking like an embarrassed schoolboy. He sat on his bed, and we talked for a couple of minutes. I apologized for putting him in that situation, and he did his best to let me know he was okay.
He slid up into the center of his bed and politely reminded me that I needed my sleep--announcing that he was ready to be tied up once again and he should be okay now for the rest of the night. I was ready to tell him that he did not need to be tied up again, but before I could speak, he asked me if I could do him a favor. "Jake," he said,"could you hogtie me the same way that you did earlier when you left me alone in the room? I am sort of cramped from being spread like I was, and I had to stay in one position and could not move at all. I think I could move around a little more in a hogtie." As he was speaking about being tied up again, I noticed that his erection was starting to return. For some reason, I thought he must be enjoying himself more being tied up--and who was I to spoil his good time?
I nodded, and he gave me a grateful smile. I also thought I noticed a twinkle in his eye--but I'm not sure. He moved to the center of his bed and lay on his stomach, placing his hands behind him just above his round butt cheeks. I crossed his wrists and tied them together. I then tied his feet together, side and side, and hogtied his feet to his hands--but not too tightly.
He looked up at me. "Could you tie my hands and feet a little closer together--please?" he asked. I did as he requested, and left less than a foot of slack between his hands and feet. I rolled him onto his side so he was facing my bed and noticed that his erection had definitely returned in full glory, and he was getting a little moist on the end of his long flagpole.
He looked at me and by now, I guess he figured he could comfortably ask me anything. "Jake, are you gay?" he asked, and I shook my head. He gave a sigh and looked straight ahead.
"Cody, do you want me to help you reach a climax?" I asked.
He looked at me again in a pleading sort of way, and said, "Would you please?" He rolled as far onto his back as the hogtie would allow, and I began to stroke and tickle his cock with my fingers. He pulled his shoulders back and pushed his genitals out as far as he could to help me out, closed his eyes and tried not to make much sound. In that, he was not successful. I stroked and tickled with one hand, and rubbed his hairy chest and tweaked his brown, quarter-size nipples till they stood up like two panic buttons with my other hand. It didn't take long before he shot a large stream! I was again in awe at how much cum he had and how easily it came-- realizing how recent his trip to the bathroom had been!
He rolled back to lay on his side with his eyes closed and a large smile on his face, breathing deeply while I got a couple of wet washcloths from the bathroom and cleaned up his cum from the bed and floor and even my leg. When I returned to my bed after washing my hands, he looked my direction. He was still tightly hogtied, laying on his side with his large cut flagpole sticking out, twitching once in a while, and looking like it was still maintaining an excited erection.
"Thanks so much, Jake," he said. "I have not been able to do that for such a long time. I can't play with myself or masturbate in the homeless center--the rules are so strict and I could lose any chance to stay there again. I can't do it on the street when I have to sleep there since the other homeless people are always close and some never sleep. It's been a long time. It's great to be on the receiving end and not servicing someone else." he commented.
I asked him if he wanted to be untied, and he told me "no". He closed his eyes and was asleep within a few minutes. I stayed awake for a while and just enjoyed the sight of his nude, hogtied body. I didn't sleep much the rest of the night, and wished that this was not my last night in The City.
The next morning, I asked him if he wanted to be untied before I went to the restaurant to get some breakfast for us. He had slept through my morning shower and shave. I had untied the hogtie rope while I dressed, but left his hands and feet tied. This gave him a few minutes to stretch his arms and legs a little. He smiled at me as he rolled onto his stomach and again told me "no".
As I put the room key in my pocket and moved toward the door, he called me back. "Jake, could you put me into a hogtie again, and make it a little tighter?" I couldn't believe he was making a request like that! I carried it a little further and tied a rope around his elbows--but could not pull them close to each other because of his well-developed upper torso. There was another big smile on his face as I tied a rope to his feet and pulled them up as far as I could to tie them to the rope tying his elbows. In fact, his feet were pulled up a few inches higher on his back than where his tied hands rested on his butt cheeks.
He was tied too tightly to leave alone, and I asked him if he would be okay for about twenty minutes. He answered, "Oh yes," with a big smile.
The hotel breakfast was a buffet type, so I filled two plates and took them up to my room. I was uncomfortable leaving Cody tied up as he was for very long. When I arrived at my room, he had shifted somewhat on the bed, but was still as tightly hogtied as when I left him. The smile had not disappeared either. I untied him and he disappeared into the bathroom. He reappeared a bit later, and ate his breakfast in the nude--again after confirming with me that it was not offensive to me.
As I cleaned up the disposable dishes, he put on his short pants and shirt, and slipped into his battered gym shoes. The rope marks on his elbows, wrists and ankles had virtually disappeared during breakfast. He shook my hand at the door of my room, thanked me and told me he could find his way out of the hotel--he didn't want me to be embarrassed by being seen in his company. I told him that was not the case at all, and thanked him for allowing me to help him out in some small way. He just shook his head again at my response and smiled as he looked at the floor. I told him to wait a minute and pulled my wallet out of my pocket. I gave him a $50 and $20 dollar bill (not much I know, but remember this was back in the 1980's when things were a lot cheaper) and told him to use it to buy him some good clothes that might help him move off the street. He shook my hand again and walked toward the elevator.
I have wondered since: did he ever find a good job? Did he ever reunite with his wife and two daughters? My vivid imagination caused me to wonder if, in reality, he was a magazine writer who was doing a story on the homeless.... firsthand? Maybe he was better actor than he was letting me think? Or maybe a multi-millionaire who was just seeing how other people survive? Lots of questions have caused me to think about this experience and I have no answers. All I know is that I had the opportunity to tie up a handsome guy who was the epitimy of a male model, and I had a great time! And I think he did too!
For the record, I slept through most of my convention meetings that day, and enjoyed a good nap on the flight home later that evening. With the memories I had--it was worth it!!

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=1086.0)
