---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/the_good_neighbor6.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Good Neighbor
authors:
- Findar
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- costume
- toys
- remote
- rope
- blindfold
- strappado
- gag
- climax
- strip
- cons
- X
date: 2025-08-23 00:00:00
---

### Part 6: Tied Tuesday

For Alice Monday was a torment. Tuesday was pure torture. She needed to stay focused on her work, but constantly drifted off down some mental rabbit hole. It got to the point where her boss asked her if she was coming down with something.

Dan, having a more technical approach to life, did research. He looked up various ties that he might use on his neighbor. Not for his benefit of course, but to give his neighbor the experience she seemed to crave. He also spent time learning about vibrators and the best way to use them.

Alice left work an hour early. She wanted plenty of time to prepare dinner and get herself ready before “her captor” arrived. The words in her brain gave her an excited tingle. She just hoped the evening could live up to her expectations.

Even deciding on what to serve had been a quandary. Alice made a great lasagna. But that could be messy to eat. Nothing would kill the sexy vibe she was going for like marinara sauce dripping down her cleavage. She opted for a chicken dish with roasted potatoes and vegetables.

Alice had decided on an outfit the day before. A long flaming red dress cut so low in the back that it almost showed her butt crack. And the only way the strapless top stayed on her breasts was with the application of double sided tape. The slit on the long dress went all the way to her thigh. The lavender panties she wore were so high cut one might think she was wearing nothing at all.

Dan coped with his own set of challenges. This felt very much like a first date, although they had gone to dinner before. Should he bring something? Flowers, perhaps? No-to romantic. A bottle of wine? He didn’t know what Alice was serving (other than her own body) so it made the choice difficult. What goes with a helplessly bound woman, red or white? In the end he grabbed a bottle of white zin. “Good enough,’ he thought to himself.

At five minutes to six Alice turned off the oven. The food looked good and the table was set. She ditched the apron she’d worn to protect her dress. After stepping into her heels and slipping on her gloves there was nothing to do but wait.

Dan pulled the overnight bag from beneath his bed. He took a moment to pocket a few items before heading for the front door. He was almost out of the apartment when he remembered the wine. “Dammit,” he muttered before heading back to grab the bottle.

Outside Alice’s apartment Dan took a moment to wipe sweating palms on his jeans. Taking a deep breath he knocked. “It’s open,” came a voice from inside. “Come on in.” Dan fumbled with the door handle, wine and suitcase.

Opening the door, Dan stopped and stared. In the hallway, hip canted and one hand resting on the wall was a stunning woman in a gravity defying red dress. Flaming red hair cascaded down bare shoulders. Deep lavender eye shadow and ruby red lipstick adorned her face. Long lavender gloves covered her arms from her fingers to elbows.

In a sultry voice Alice said, “Oh Roger, I’m so glad you’re home.”

In that moment memory kicked in. Dan was staring at Jessica Rabbit. He stood frozen as she strutted down the hall towards him. Planting a kiss on his cheek she reached past him to shut the door. “You better close that,” she purred. “You’re letting flies in.” She snatched the wine from Dan’s nerveless fingers.

Dan wasn’t sure if “Jessica” meant the door or his mouth. Both were hanging open. He stared while she turned, entranced by the sway of her hips as she walked back down the hall. “Th-that’s amazing,” he stuttered.

Alice smiled at Dan’s reaction. ‘Gotchya,’ was the gleeful thought. “This old thing?” she said as she placed a gloved hand on her hip. “Just something I slipped on.”

Dan mentally shook himself. He was supposed to be the one in control of the evening. The last thing he wanted was a repeat of the shower fiasco. He followed the would-be seductress down the hall, focusing on his own plans for the evening.

Fishing in his pocket Dan pulled out a little pink object. “Well, as long as you’re slipping into things, why don’t you slip this in where it belongs.”

Alice turned to see her little pink vibrator in his hand. Her smile faltered for a moment. She thought that she’d had Dan off balance with her Jessica Rabbit cosplay. But here he was taking control of the situation again. *‘Well, isn’t that what you wanted?*’ the voice in her head asked.

Recovering, Alice took the little device from him. With a sweep of her hips she turned. Tossing her hair over her shoulder she looked back at Dan. “Why don’t you pour the wine while I take care of this,” she said in her sexiest voice.

Dan watched Alice retreat with an appreciative smile. Had he seen a little doubt in her eyes when he handed her the toy? He certainly hoped so. He wanted to erode some of that self confidence she showed.

Alice stepped into the bathroom. She cast aside her gloves and, hiking up her skirt with one hand, she dropped her panties with the other. She realized that Dan hadn’t given her any lube to slip the little device inside. A quick look in the medicine cabinet proved fruitless. She wondered if he was just clueless or if he’d forgotten it on purpose?

“A girl’s gotta do what a girl’s gotta do,” she said with a sigh. Alice worked her fingers down between her legs. The physical stimulation along with her anticipation of the coming evening quickly got her juices flowing. The little egg slipped inside, only its pink silicone tail showing. Alice folded it up to touch her clit before pulling up her panties.

With her gloves back on and everything in place Alice strutted back into the room. Swinging her hips in the exaggerated Jessica Rabbit style caused her passenger to move about. It was a definite distraction. But Alice was determined to rattle her would be captor.

In her absence Dan had opened the wine. He’d managed to find a pair of wine glasses. They sat on the counter, the wine giving them an amber cast. Alice’s eyes widened to see a coil of rope loosely wound about the stem of one glass. “Gee, I wonder which one is for me?” she asked innocently.

Dan took up the rope. Playing into her femme fatale act he said, “You’re a smart cookie. You figure it out.” He silently thanked his love of old movies. “But first hold out your hands.”

Alice presented her hands. Dan caught them, bringing them palm to palm with just enough roughness to be assertive without frightening her. At least that’s what he hoped.

The hemp cords were wrapped around Alice’s wrists. She was a bit taken aback by the sudden rough treatment. Part of her wanted to call the evening off. *‘It starts this way,*’ she thought. *‘But what if it doesn’t stop?*’ She was surprised at the efficiency with which Dan bound her. It was a perfect two column tie. He hadn’t fumbled at all. Either Dan was a really quick study or his ignorance of bondage was feigned. And that thought frightened her.

Dan picked up the two glasses, placing one in Alice’s bound hands. “Here’s to an interesting evening,” he said as he tapped the glasses together. Inside he was thinking, *‘God, I did it, a perfect tie! I think that surprised her. I just hope I can do that for the rest of the evening.*’

Alice sipped her wine. It was good stuff and she followed it with a big gulp. She felt she needed it to quiet the anxious voice in the back of her head. That voice usually sounded like her mother had moved into her brain. ‘You’re putting your life in this guy’s hands. But what do you really know about him?’ it asked.

Knocking back a second slug of wine Alice answered with a confidence she only half felt. *‘He’s seen me naked and tied three times now. If he was going to try something he’d have done it already.*’ Still, just to make sure she held her bound hands up to him. “It’s going to be hard to serve dinner like this,” she said. “Shouldn’t we save something for dessert?”

Dan smiled wolfishly as he pushed her hands down. “You’re pretty resourceful. I think you’ll manage.” He moved to the dinette and seated himself.

Alice sighed, *‘Well, so much for that,*’ she thought. ‘*I could use my safe word, but I don’t want to blow up the evening if I’m just being paranoid.*’ She opened the oven and peered inside. Taking a potholder in both hands she caught the edge of the pan.

It was awkward with her hands tied, but manageable. Alice had just set the pan down on the stove when the vibrator sprang to life. Instinctively she reached for her crotch, letting out an involuntary yelp at the sudden vibration.

Dan watched through the pass thru. He fingered the controller, reducing the intensity. “Is there something I can help you with, Jessica?” he said innocently.

Alice straightened her back, trying to regain her composure. She gave a little huff, closed her eyes for a moment and tried to suppress the signals racing towards her brain. “Ah, no I’m just fine, thank you,” she said in mock cheerfulness. Under her breath she muttered, “Bastard.”

“Why don’t you save yourself some trouble and put everything on one plate?” Alice heard Dan call. ‘Everything on one plate? What’s that about?’ she wondered. But she did as he asked. At least it was easier to carry one plate to the table.

Dan took the plate from Alice before pulling out her chair. “Please, have a seat,” he said cordially. Alice sat down, squirming a bit on the hard seat to settle the little vibrator. “Now let’s take care of your hands,” Dan said calmly.

Alice brightened at that. ‘Perhaps I’ll get my romantic dinner after all,’ she thought. With just a touch of eagerness she presented her hands. But instead of freeing her Dan slipped a length of cord around the cinch between her wrists. It was a simple lark's head that left rope on either end.

“Uhh,” Alice said. “Aren’t you getting ahead of yourself?”

Dan led the two lines around to the back of the chair. He crossed them before pulling them tight. Alice found her hands pulled down into her lap, unable to lift her hands or rise from the chair. “Could you turn slightly to the right please?” Dan asked.

Saying no seemed like a poor idea. Alice twisted in her seat. She watched as Dan caught her left leg and pulled it up against the right leg of the chair. “Stay just like that,” he said as he reached for her overnight bag. More rope was produced. Dan used it to tie her leg to the chair at the knee and ankle.

Catching her right foot Dan managed a quick tie around the ankle, creating a rope cuff. Using the free end as a lead, he brought her right leg over her left, leaving Alice with her legs crossed. He pulled the line back, tying it off to the rear leg of the chair.

Alice examined her bondage with a measure of surprise. With her hands in her lap and her legs crossed the pose was almost demure. It was certainly inescapable. Though she tugged on her right leg she could not get it over her left. She would sit there with her legs crossed until Dan freed her.

“I think that’s a good start,” Dan said as he pushed her chair closer to the table. “Now we can enjoy this wonderful meal you’ve prepared. He sat down, took up the knife and fork to cut into the meat.

Alice gave a tug at her wrists. With a hint of sarcasm she said, “Well, one of us can.”

In response Dan speared a piece of chicken. He held it to Alice’s lips. “You don’t think I’d let you go hungry, do you? You might need your strength later on.”

Although Alice was impressed with the bondage Dan had put her in she was less than sanguine about being fed. She might be his captive, but she was not his pet. She turned her face away. “I’m really not that hungry,” she said dismissively.

Dan thought that Alice looked particularly beautiful as she turned away, her chin raised in mild defiance. He could have easily said, “Suit yourself,” and gone on eating. But he knew this was a test for both of them.

He popped the chicken in his mouth, savoring the flavor. What he was about to do would decide the future of their relationship. It would all depend on how good an actor he was.

Taking the empty fork he slipped under Alice’s chin. She tensed as the tines pressed the tender flesh beneath her jaw. The pressure increased, forcing her to lift her head. “I suppose if you don’t want to eat,” Dan said, “I could find other uses for this.”

Alice shuddered as the tines of the fork dragged lightly down her throat. She felt a thrill of fear. Dan dragged downward, letting the metal tines trace lightly across her skin. It came to rest against the top of her left breast. The pressure increased slightly, making Alice gasp.

“Are you sure I can’t interest you in this lovely meal?” Dan’s voice was quietly menacing. Alice looked down to see the fork pressed against her flesh. Would he really hurt her, she wondered? Should she call out her safe word and end the evening? And what if he ignored it?

Swallowing the lump in her throat Alice stammered, “I-I guess I’m a bit hungry after all.”

“I thought you might be,” was the sardonic reply. Dan looked down at the plate, intent on cutting the next bit of food. In reality he was hiding the relief on his face. He feared that Alice would stop the whole evening. That would leave the two of them in the same unsafe situation that had occurred on Sunday.

“I can see that this is a bit awkward for you,” Dan said in a reasonable tone. He pushed the fork up to Alice’s lips, smiling slightly as she accepted the morsel. “Let’s see if I can make it easier.” Rising from the table he went to the well stocked overnight bag. He found a red satin sleep mask.

Alice pulled back slightly as he brought the blindfold up to her eyes. “I’m not sure that’s going to help,” she said hoarsely. Dan slipped it down over her eyes. His voice emerged from the sudden darkness, “You never know until you try.”

The meal proceeded. Alice would catch the whiff of food presented to her. She would dutifully open her mouth and allow Dan to feed her. The fact that he frequently held her wine glass to her lips did much to calm her anxiety. And the thrum of the vibrator that Dan manipulated remotely pushed her doubts away.

‘This is what I wanted, isn’t it,’ Alice asked herself. The thrill of being helpless was definitely there. The pose wasn’t exactly strenuous. But having her legs crossed did put extra pressure on the little vibrator. So why was she so anxious?

Inside she knew the answer. She had expected to be the seductress, enchanting Dan and directing him on how to tie her up. She had several positions in mind that would have shown off her body in its sexy outfit to good advantage.

Instead Dan had “flipped the script” on her. Now, instead of being Alice’s willing assistant in her bondage fantasies he was controlling the action. And where he might take her was frightening.

With Alice bound and blindfolded Dan relaxed. He chatted amiably with his captive, discussing the everyday mundane things in his life. Periodically he would brush a morsel of food against Alice’s lips only to pull it away when she reached for it. It was a small thing, and yet it gave him more pleasure than he expected.

The touch of a napkin dabbing her lips told Alice the meal was finished. She gave a little sigh as the ropes came off. When Dan freed her wrists she reached up to remove her blindfold, but her hands were intercepted.

“I think that should stay on for a bit,” he chided her. “You’re a little less feisty with it.”

Alice put up a token struggle. She was curious as to what Dan intended next and not being able to see him was a bit disorienting. Her hands were pulled down and twisted behind her back. Alice fought harder, in part just to see what Dan was made of.

“How much you struggle determines how much force I use,” Dan warned. “I can bind your wrists with you face down and a knee on your back or standing up like a lady. You choose.”

The threat surprised her. Again she was unsure of the seriousness of it. Alice had little doubt that he could overpower her. But unlike fantasy, in real life it was hard to tie someone who didn’t want to be tied. Although part of her wanted a wrestling match for the fun of it she decided that should wait for another time. She settled her hands behind her back. “I don’t want to embarrass you by winning the fight,” she said petulantly.

“Of course, that would be embarrassing,” Dan agreed in a slightly condescending tone. For someone who enjoyed bondage, he found Alice to be particularly strong willed. It might have caused him to bind her wrists slightly tighter than he might have. It definitely reinforced his plans for the rest of their evening.

Alice felt a thrill of anticipation as her hands were bound palm to palm. It seemed Dan got better with each knot he tied. Curious to see if she could goad him into something a bit more interesting Alice canted her leg to the side, letting the high slit in her dress do the rest.

Dan couldn’t help but notice the move. “Very nice,” he said. “I’ll have to see where that leads-after I’m finished.” With that he slipped a doubled cord around Alice’s elbows. He caught her arms in one of his own, working them closer together as he tightened the rope. He pulled until Alice called, “Yellow!”

Alice was sure that Dan had gone even tighter with the ropes than when he had used the leather straps from their previous session. Since then she had been practicing, trying to get her arms closer together. As much as Alice hated to admit it, she just wasn’t quite limber enough. ‘Face it girlfriend, you’re a little too chubby,’ came the voice in the back of her head.

Having continued to watch bondage tutorials Dan finished the elbow tie by taking the line up over Alice’s shoulders and down the other side, ensuring that she could not work the coils down her arms and free herself.

Though blindfolded, Alice was still impressed with the quality of Dan’s rope work. With her shoulders pulled back her breasts were straining the limits of the tape that held her dress in place. Turning to where she approximated Dan to be she took a step forward. Feeling her chest bump up against him she pressed herself closer. Turning her face towards his she said in her most sultry voice, “Now that I’m *completely* helpless, what are you going to do with me?”

Catching her by the arms Dan turned her until the sofa was behind her. “I think you and I have different understandings of what completely helpless means,” he said. He slid his hands down her body to lift the hem of her dress. “But I think one of us is about to find out,” he said as he caught hold of her panties.

Alice let out a little gasp of surprise. She felt Dan’s fingers hook the top of her panties, tugging downward on them. He took his time, dragging the delicate fabric over her bare thighs. She felt a little shudder of anticipation.

Dan abandoned the panties when they reached Alice’s feet, leaving them draped over her high heels. Alice moved to kick them free but he commanded her to stop. “They’re good there,” he told her. “Now spread your legs for me, Jessica.”

The name reminded Alice of the character she was playing. “Ooh Roger, you know I’m not bad, I’m just drawn that way,” she said as she opened her legs. The panties grew taut as she moved, hobbling her ankles.

On his knees, Dan tried to steady shaking hands as he reached under Alice’s dress. He was glad he had left her blindfolded, as this didn’t look very smooth to him. He groped a bit, eliciting an “Ooh,” from Alice. But he found what he was looking for. Catching the tail of the vibrator he gently pulled it free.

“Oh-oh my God,” Alice stammered as the vibrator slipped free. She nearly climaxed there and might have fallen if Dan hadn’t steadied her. She took several breaths to calm herself. ‘Not too soon, girl,’ Alice chided herself. ‘He’s cleared the runway, now he just has to land the plane.’

Her anticipation grew as Dan eased Alice down onto the sofa. She was more than willing when he discarded the panties and commanded her to spread her legs. She leaned back, pressing her bound arms against the sofa cushions. Their coupling in Dan’s bed had been sweet, how much better would it be with her tied and helpless beneath him?

Dan heard a little, “Huh?” from his captive as he caught her ankle. He tied a quick leg cuff before pulling her leg to the side. He tied the free end to the leg of the sofa. Alice struggled a bit when he repeated the process with the other leg. Dan suddenly realized that Alice thought he was going to take her there on the sofa. “Sorry to disappoint you,” he smirked. “But I know how much you enjoy being tied up.”

Alice was confused. Silently she cursed the blindfold that kept her from seeing what Dan was planning. She heard him moving about, felt his hand in the center of her back. She was pressed forward, bending at the hips. There was a buzzing vibration between her wrists. *More rope slipped between them*, she wondered?

Dan stood behind the sofa, feeding rope between Alice’s hands. He formed a loop, leaving a long tail. Pleased to find the sofa had a center leg Dan draped the cord down the back of the sofa and around the leg. He then began to take up the slack.

Alice uttered an, “Oh my,” as her arms were raised behind her. She realized with trepidation that he was forcing her into a strappado. And with her arms held straight by the elbow tie and her legs spread there was little she could do except bend forward to ease the strain.

Although she had seen photos of the position before there was no way Alice would risk it in a self bondage scenario. And her current experience reaffirmed her decision. With every inch of upward movement the strain on her shoulders increased. She had started to panic when Dan’s voice cut through the fear. “Yellow?” he asked.

When Alice whimpered, “Yes,” the strain immediately decreased. In fact Dan eased off enough to let Alice get to an almost upright position. Her torso found a moderately comfortable spot at about forty-five degrees.

“There, how’s that?” Dan asked as he walked around the sofa. He thought Alice looked stunning. The erection that raged against his trousers wished for an outcome more in line with Alice’s desires. But he was still seeing Jordan (even though she had kneed him in the balls-they hadn’t officially broken up.) And he found some justification for what he was doing with Alice by not having sex with her.

Alice’s initial disappointment was mollified by the strict bondage. She could never have carried off something like that on her own, she thought. She wished she could see for herself what it looked like. She could well imagine her breasts staining at her dress, one leg extended out the slit in the dress, the other only partially covered.

“But wait-there’s more,” Dan said in an impression of a late night commercial announcer. He grabbed a final length of rope from the bag. Doubling it, he stepped around behind Alice. He brought it in front of her face before pulling it up against her lips.

“Urk!” was all Alice could get out as the ropes were pulled between her teeth. She felt the cords wrap around her head, pressing the auburn strands of her wig tight to her head. The cord was knotted at the base of her skull, gagging her

Alice was startled enough by the unconventional gag. But then the tension started. Dan drew back slowly on the rope, forcing Alice’s head up and back. She quickly found that bringing her head up increased the strain on her shoulders. As the pull continued she gasped out a garbled, “Yellow!”

Dan released some of the tension, letting Alice’s head fall forward. “Green?” he asked her.

“Hi ess o”, Alice mumbled dubiously. Dan took that for a yes and tied the free end of the rope behind the sofa. He examined the girl critically, looking for any weakness in his strategy. “I don’t think you could get out of that on your own,” he said thoughtfully. But I’m afraid you might get bored just sitting there.”

Alice felt Dan’s hands on her leg as he pulled the dress up from her thigh. The cool touch of the leather sofa on her naked thigh gave her a shiver. She knew with her legs bound as they were she was giving him an unobstructed view of her sex. To sweeten the pot Alice twisted her hips, giving what she hoped was a sensuous moan.

“Hold that thought,” Dan said in amusement. Alice heard a tearing sound. It was from a roll of duct tape Dan had added to her bondage gear. (He was actually surprised there wasn’t any in the bag, considering its utility.)

Alice let out a little squeak of surprise as something lightly brushed her labia. She couldn’t see Dan as he positioned her big electric wand vibrator so it was a hair’s breath away from her. The duct tape secured it to the sofa.

When the power went on Alice realized what a spider’s web she had stumbled into. The oscillating head just lightly brushed her sweet spot. When she tried to press forward against it her hip joints, already stressed by their wide open stance, protested. Not only that, it simultaneously increased the pressure on her strappadoed arms.

Her alternative was to fold her torso forward, hoping to press the head of the vibrator closer. But the rope gag pulled Alice’s head back to an uncomfortable degree. She came to the stunned realization that she could either be relentlessly teased or cause herself pain with a pleasurable reward.

Even with her eyes covered Dan could see the shock on Alice’s face. He pulled up a dining chair to watch the show. Would Alice sit quietly and wait for release? Or would the vibrations that teased her push her into an even more uncomfortable position? His money was on the latter.

Alice could feel sweat prickling her skin. Wait this out, she told herself. Don’t play his game. But the vibrator wasn’t just lightly touching Alice’s sex. It was sending its signals through the sofa cushions. It was as if her entire pelvis were being lightly stimulated. And those signals were sent by obedient nerve endings to the pleasure center of her brain.

When Alice pressed herself forward Dan checked his watch. She had held out against the wand’s siren song for almost twenty minutes. But now she was flexing her legs, pulling her body forward to kiss the source of her arousal. She groaned as her head and arms were drawn back. Dan adjusted himself, his cock bulging excitedly in his pants.

Alice thought her shoulders would dislocate before she found release. She awkwardly swallowed the saliva that pooled in the back of her throat. Her hips strained forward, joints protesting. But the reward, when it came, paid for all. The orgasm shook her frame. She bit down hard on the ropes in her mouth, stifling a scream that would have had the neighbors calling 911.

Dan was amazed at Alice’s reaction. In all his romantic endeavors he’d never prompted a woman to such a response. And although he hadn’t really touched her he was the cause of it. The thought gave him a sense of power he’d not felt before. It also made him horny as hell.

Coming down off the orgasm rush Alice fell victim to all the distress signals her body had ignored. She eased herself back into the couch cushions, easing the strain of her bondage. But there was no true relief short of Dan releasing her.

In an attempt to escape the fluttering orb Alice dug her backside into the cushions, leaning forward with her torso. It eased the stress on her shoulders and hips, but brought her head up and back at an uncomfortable angle.

Thrusting her chest forward brought its own problems for the helpless woman. The sweat on her body, combined with the weight of her ample breasts strained the body tape that held the top of her dress. Alice could feel the tape slowly peeling away from her skin.

Hoping to avoid a wardrobe failure Alice sat up, putting the strain back on her shoulders. But it was a case of “too little, too late”. Her left breast popped from its modest concealment, flashing out like a beacon.

Dan’s eyes widened at the sudden appearance of such delightful flesh. With his hormone addled reasoning telling that he wasn’t actually having sex with Alice he reached out a hand. Her breast was firm, warm and dewy with sweat. His fingers gravitated to the bud of her nipple.

Behind her blindfold Alice saw flashes of light as fingers stroked her rapidly hardening nipple. Ignoring the strain on her muscles she pressed her chest forward, pushing against Dan’s probing fingers. She gave a little moan that was half pain, half pleasure.

Dan’s mouth went dry. Taking a chance he clamped his thumb and index finger on Alice’s hardened bud. He tugged, elongating the nipple. Alice’s little shriek set his heart racing.

In a guilty moment he thought of Jordan. Any roughness directed toward her nipples was met with a quiet remonstrance of, “Gentle.” The thought caused Dan to ease off his grip. But the little moan that escaped Alice sent him right back to his game.

It seemed to Alice as if she were in some dream world. Unable to move, but wanting to move- she took the pain that she felt would lead to pleasure. She pressed her body forward eagerly, ignoring the bite of the rope at the corners of her mouth. Arching her spine caused the tape on the other cup to fail. Her now naked breast made itself readily available to her captor.

Dan blinked in surprise as the top of “Jessica’s” dress fell away. “Never saw that scene in Roger Rabbit,” he said quietly. He caught the new visitor in his hand and gave it a welcoming squeeze.

Feeling like her neck would snap from the strain, Alice raised her torso. Her shoulders took up the burden as she leaned back into her strappado. It didn’t really seem to matter so long as Dan continued his play with her breasts. She just wished he’d nudge the vibrator just a little bit closer.

Dan toyed with Alice’s nipples. He squeezed her breasts, cupping them in his hands. The moans of pleasure and pain caused his cock to thrust tightly against his pants. He had a vision of removing her gag and thrusting himself deep into her drooling mouth.

Pulling his hands away like they had been burned Dan asked himself what the hell he was doing. He stood up, readjusting himself as his erection told him he was doing just fine, keep going. But he’d promised himself that he wouldn’t have sex with his neighbor. And despite all that had gone on that evening forcing a blow job from his helpless neighbor seemed a bit too far.

Dan walked away from the sofa, trying to calm himself. The gagged whine of protest that followed him did nothing to ease his agitation. The problem was that he liked that sound. He wanted to hear more of it.

Glancing back he saw that Alice was once again shifting about. She was inching her hips forward, trying to reach the vibrator. Despite the stringent position she seemed to be enjoying herself. With a sigh Dan looked toward the kitchen. Alice could entertain herself for a bit, he decided. In the meantime he would try and be a good dinner guest.

Alice didn’t know what had happened to Dan. Was he just sitting back watching her as she struggled? Her breasts tingled from his rough handling. In her mind’s eye she could see red imprints of his fingers on the milky flesh. She shifted from side to side, setting her breasts to jiggling in the hope of enticing Dan back to play. Her nipples throbbed, wanting more of his touch. But when it wasn’t forthcoming she decided to take matters into her own hands.

Once again Alice worked her hips forward. Her shoulders, having stretched a bit from her previous efforts, seemed willing to accept the strain. But hip sockets are only designed to open so far. The warning signals they sent were quickly supplanted by the delightful throbbing as she pressed into the vibrator.

Dan had stacked the dishes in the dishwasher when he heard the cry. His attention snapped back to the couch where Alice gave a soul wrenching cry. He stopped his domestic chores and rushed to her side.

Alice was just easing herself away from the vibrator when Dan reached her. From the sound he thought she had perhaps dislocated her shoulder or something of that nature. But behind the panting, exhausted gasps and sweat soaked body seemed to be an air of satisfaction.

Dan was glad he had achieved at least a minimal gag. Had Alice been able to fully open her mouth she might have aroused the entire building. Dan made a note to himself to study up on more effective gags.

A quick assessment of circulation was in order, Dan surmised. Although Alice’s struggles had left deep imprints of the ropes on her ankles both feet were warm. The ropes between her teeth were definitely leaving an impression. But the skin was intact. It was her hands that concerned him.

Although they weren’t blue they definitely felt cold. Dan didn’t think it was wise to keep Alice in her position for much longer. “I think we need to wrap this up,” he said quietly.

Alice didn’t know what Dan meant. She was tired, still recovering from her last orgasm. She heard the sound of tape being peeled away seconds before she felt the vibrator pressed hard against her.

Dan watched in fascination as he worked the vibrator over Alice’s sex. She squirmed in her bonds, trying to get away from the stimulating orb. Her whines of protest made it obvious that she wasn’t ready to climax again.

The thought of stopping crossed Dan’s mind. It was the decent thing to do. But up until now Alice had chosen her path. She had decided when to accept the discomfort in her shoulders for the reward of pleasure.

Dan pressed the vibrator home, surprised at his own reaction. His free hand returned to Alice’s naked breasts. “You’ve had your fun,” he said darkly. “Now you’re going to cum for me.”

If Dan’s words were surprising to him, they were doubly so for Alice. She had hardly begun to recover from the last (and she had to admit-amazing) orgasm. Now Dan was pressing on spent nerve endings that weren’t ready to send happy little signals to her brain. In addition to that, he was diligently working her nipples, making them into hard little buds.

As Alice squirmed and mewled Dan asked himself, *‘What the hell am I doing?*’ But the answer came quickly, ‘*You’re taking control,*’ his dark voice said. Dan rebelled at the idea. This was not who he was. ‘*Oh really,*’ came the voice. ‘*Then why are you hard as a rock? Besides, isn’t this better than her trying to do this on her own? You’re really doing her a great favor.*’

It sounded so reasonable. Yes, this was for Alice. He tweaked her nipple, letting the resulting squeal of pain wash over him.

Alice pushed through the wall of pain. She was frightened at Dan’s harsh treatment. Once again she questioned her trust in this relative stranger. The nice guy next door was gone, replaced by some dark creature that wanted her soul.

The pinch on her nipple might have done it. Alice couldn’t say for sure. But pleasure centers came back online. The pain was still there. But pleasure overlaid it, blanketing the signal. Whines of discomfort morphed into moans of pleasure.

Dan smiled wickedly. He watched the change in the captive before him. It gave him a feeling of power that was intoxicating. The voice in his head said, ‘*No, don't let her cum.*’ But he wasn’t there. He wanted to give Alice the pleasure she had struggled for.

Alice’ orgasm was everything Dan hoped it would be. For Alice it was like being slapped down by a wave at the beach, rolled and tumbled in the foaming surf. For Dan, who was usually too concerned with his own orgasm during sex to worry about his partner it was a fascinating experience.

The climax arrived with the scream of a freight train. Dan watched as it passed, leaving Alice sagging in her bonds. Although part of him was yelling, ‘Whee! Again!’ he knew Alice was done.

Tossing the vibrator aside Dan eased Alice out of the strappado. She gave a sigh of relief as he untied her elbows, followed by her wrists. Alice reached blindly for the rope that served as her gag. Her hands were intercepted by Dan.

“If I want your help I’ll tell you,” he said. He pressed her wrists together before her. Dan wrapped a length of rope around them, binding them together.

Alice was surprised to find that Dan re-tied her. After three orgasms she was spent. Did he really have more in store for her? She felt the knot at the back of her head released. The rope seemed to have sucked all the moisture from her mouth. “Water, please,” she croaked.

Dan was quick to oblige. He grabbed a bottle from the kitchen and placed it in Alice’s hands. She drank greedily while he untied her ankles. She finished the bottle but held onto it, unsure where the coffee table was with her blindfold still in place. Would it be okay to take it off, she wondered?

Her dilemma was solved by Dan, who pulled her to her feet. He caught hold of the dress that hung at her waist and pulled it down. As it pooled around her ankles he told Alice to step out of it.

With Dan to steady her Alice stepped. He took the bottle from her before instructing her to keep her hands at her breasts. Alice realized she must be quite a sight, clad in only her lavender gloves, high heels and flaming red wig. She nestled her bound hands between her breasts and waited.

Dan didn’t keep her waiting long. He took up a length of rope and coiled it around Alice’s waist. Stepping behind her he pulled it down between her cheeks and through her legs. He thoroughly enjoyed the little cry of distress he caused pulling the rope between her swollen labia.

Alice winced as the rope was drawn upwards. Its free end was wrapped between her cinched wrists. Raising her hands higher than her chest would pull the rope deeper inside. ‘I’m definitely going to be walking funny tomorrow,’ she said to herself.

Taking Alice by the arm Dan said, “Let’s go, Princess.” He guided her across the apartment, leading her to the bedroom.

Even blindfolded Alice had a pretty good idea where they were headed. She was excited that Dan was taking her to her bed, but concerned at the workout she’d already had. Just the rope between her legs was enough to make her wince. If he wanted to have sex with her she would tough it out.

As Dan eased Alice down onto her bed she dutifully spread her legs for him. “I’m yours to enjoy, Sir,” she said in a quiet voice.

Dan eyed the glistening pubic hair that ringed Alice’s sex. He closed his eyes, rubbing his temples. It would be so easy. ‘*I’ll hate myself for doing this,*’ he thought. ‘*But I’ll hate myself if I don’t.*’ He reached out, grabbing hold of Alice’s ankles. He pulled them together.

“A truly generous offer,” he said sardonically. “But when I want it I’ll take it - whether you offer it or not.” He slipped a rope around her ankles and bound them together.

Alice was speechless. It wasn’t just the fact that Dan had turned her down. It was the casual way he said he’d take what he wanted, when he wanted. This wasn’t the nice guy from next door who watered her plants. This was something dark and primal.

Even with the blindfold covering her face, Dan could see the shock register in Alice’s expression. ‘*Score!*’ he thought to himself. ‘*That’ll give her something to think about.*’ He finished binding Alice’s ankles, slipping a loop under the arch of her high heels so she couldn’t kick them off. For good measure he bound her at the knees as well.

Leaning close to Alice's face, Dan said, “That should take you a few minutes to get out of.” He emphasized his point by giving a gentle tug on the rope between her legs. “I’ll leave you to clean up the mess. You can return the ropes to me tomorrow.”

Catching her by the hair Dan pressed his mouth to hers. She eagerly accepted the tongue that slipped into her mouth. “Text me when you get loose,” he said as they broke contact. Then he was gone.

Alice lay there in her enforced darkness, listening. Had Dan really gone? Or was this another head game? It was only when she heard the apartment door close that she believed that he wasn’t sitting back, watching her like a cat toying with a mouse.

She raised her hands to remove the blindfold. But the rope that led from Alice’s hands went down between her legs. Her overworked puss was not in the mood to be trifled with. When the rope tightened, Alice gasped.

“Okay,” she muttered to herself. “We’re going to do this nice and easy. But first I think we’ll just lay here for a bit.”

Dan dragged the case of bondage gear back to his apartment. Part of his brain was congratulating him on how well he had taken control of his neighbor. Another part of him was cursing him for not finishing the job.

Shoving the case back under the bed, Dan striped off his clothes. He headed for a long hot shower, with extra soap and a release that he wished was occurring one apartment to the left.

As the ‘hot mess’ between her thighs cooled, Alice sought release of a different sort. Wincing at the crotch rope’s pull, she gingerly removed her blindfold. In the half light of her bedroom she saw the evil simplicity of Dan’s bondage.

Raising her hands above the level of her breasts caused the crotch rope to dig in. But the knot was right before her eyes. Curling her shoulders, Alice was able to get her teeth on the knot with only moderate discomfort.

Once the crotch rope could no longer bite her Alice took her time. It was obvious that Dan had left. She thought of just going to sleep for the night bound hand and foot. But Dan had told her to text him when she got free. It would be poor repayment to make him come back and check on her.

Alice worked the knot binding her wrists. With her hands in front it was a simple task to attack it with her teeth. She freed her hands, then stopped to admire the rope work. Dan had done a tidy job of roping her shoes into the ankle tie. She couldn’t remove her shoes without untying her feet. As a rigger Dan showed great promise. As a lover-not so much, Alice thought to herself.

Once free of her bonds Alice removed the last of her Jessica Rabbit persona. Stopping long enough to text Dan and thank him for a wonderful evening she carried the ropes to the kitchen. They would need a good washing before she returned them to Dan. Alice was pleasantly surprised to find that the kitchen was sparkling clean. Dishes were neatly stacked on the drying rack.

“Well this is a nice surprise,” Alice said to herself. She set about cleaning her ropes, thinking about Dan. He was a bit of a puzzle. When he had her restrained there was a hard dominant side that gave her chills. But then there was this kind side that could leave her struggling against her bondage to go clean up dinner.

Alice hung the ropes up to dry in the bathroom before getting ready for bed. She climbed naked between the sheets, imagining that Dan had ordered her to sleep naked. She drifted off to dreams of heroes and villains who turned out to be the same person.
