---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Tryst
authors:
- Silent Satin
tags:
- Sbf
- M-f
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2006-05-29 00:00:00
---

It was a bright sunny day as I drove to the motel. Huge
white billowy clouds drifted through the sky like icebergs on the ocean, free to
go as they pleased. The air was fresh and full of excitement.

As I turned into the motel parking lot this same excitement
welled up inside of me. I quickly grabbed my suitcase, parked and locked the
car, entered the motel and walked down the hall to the room. I searched in my
purse for the key and unlocked the door. Once inside I closed and locked the
door so I would not be disturbed.

The room was simple. There was a dresser near the door, a
queen-sized bed, a sliding glass door at the far end, and a couple of armchairs
and a table. It had an overhead light and a pair of lamps on the dresser. A
full-length mirror stood in a corner near the door. I thought, “This is
nothing special. About the same as you would see anywhere but it will do.” I
placed my suitcase on the dresser.

I crossed the room and closed the drapes. They covered the
sliding door and provided complete privacy. They allowed just enough light into
the room so that no lights needed to be turned on.

I opened my suitcase and took out a black satin sheet. I
covered the bed with it, tucking it in just enough so that it would not move
when laid on. That done, I began to undress.

The simple blouse and skirt I had worn were quickly gone. I
walked over to the mirror. My short brown hair was neatly brushed. The white
lace of my bra surrounded my ample breasts. They stood erect and very firm. The
opaque white G-string was tied snugly at my sides and mysteriously hid the
treasure behind. My lacy white garter belt and sheer white stockings encased my
slender waist and long slender legs. I stood admiring my self for some time.

I went back to the suitcase and retrieved wrist and ankle
cuffs. I put these on, enjoying the gentle caress of the soft leather. My
nipples hardened with pleasure and my sexual fluids flowed gently in my vagina.
I pulled four leather tethers from the suitcase. Each was equipped with a metal
clasp. Two had retractable reels. The tethers were attached to the four corners
of the bed.

I sat down on the edge of the bed and slid across the satin
sheet until I was in the center. I spread my legs wide and attached them to the
tethers at the foot of the bed. The tethers at the head of the bed had the
retractable reels. I attached these to my wrist cuffs. I blindfolded myself and
lay down on the bed. I tugged on the tether on right hand so that it pulled my
arm towards the corner of the bed. Once taut the tether remained at the same
length – I could not pull it out. I did the same with my other arm.

Helpless, spread-eagled on a bed and alone. The sensuality
of the satin sheet and the situation really excited me. I envisioned the
contrast of my sheer white lingerie against the black satin sheet. I awaited my
fate.

The next sound came shortly. It was a key in the room door.
Someone entered the room and locked the door. I heard footsteps as the person
moved to the bed. A ring gag was forced into my mouth and fastened tightly
behind my head.

“You have done well,” a male voice said. “Your
preparation for our tryst is exquisite and you will be well rewarded.” I lay
motionless not knowing what to expect. There was a long pause.

I felt hands undoing the front clasp on my bra. The bra
cups were lifted away slowly. My captor cupped each of my breasts in his hands
and gently squeezed each one, enjoying the firmness. I could feel a very cold
sensation around each of my nipples as if an ice cube was circling them. They
became very hard and taut as they strained to reach erection. Immediately they
began to hurt. A cold metal object was squeezing them tight and the pressure was
being increased. I felt a muffled scream leave my throat as the pain increased.
I lay there for a minute as the pain of the nipple clamps subsided and was
replaced with enjoyment of the discomfort.

Apparently the scream I had tried to let out displeased my
captor. I felt a tubular rubber object being inserted through the ring gag into
my mouth. As I touched it with my tongue I sensed it was shaped like a penis. I
heard some snaps being closed and the object in my mouth was held in place.

I was beginning to enjoy playing with the object in my
mouth when I sensed my captor approaching. He removed my G-string. He lightly
touched my inner thighs with a feathery object. Waves of ecstasy ran up and down
me. He continued to caress my thighs with the feather until I began to moan in
pleasure. Something was being inserted into my vagina as the feather kept
touching my thighs. It filled my entire cavity. I heard a muffled whirring sound
and felt my vagina vibrate. The pleasure was mind-blowing! I began to moan and
arch my back. I pulled on my restraints.

The speed of the vibrating increased. Wave after wave of
pleasure bathed me. The vibration decreased but did not stop. My sexual juices
flowed freely. The vibration continued. I reached orgasm after orgasm. I tossed
my head from side to side and tried to cry out. I thought I was about to lose my
mind! I couldn’t stand any more orgasms! The vibrator stopped! I totally
relaxed and slowly let my sensual levels subside.

My captor released my hands. I was reminded that I was not
to attempt to leave until he was gone. I heard the door close. I lay on the bed
trying to regain my strength. I finally got up. I dressed, gathered up the
bondage gear and sheet and left the motel.

I looked forward to these trysts with my husband. They
brought great pleasure to both of us.
