---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Jim’s Selfbondage 2
authors:
- Jim_of_Oz
tags:
- Sbm
- naked
- cord
- dowel
- straps
- pantyhose
- balltie
- dorm
- stuck
- caught
- 'true'
- cons
- X
---

Yes, I've heard all the warnings about the risks of self bondage and
how dangerous it is, etc. etc. But let's face it, if I had a partner I
wouldn't be doing it to myself, would I? Needless to say, there have been
a couple of times when I tied myself up and things didn't go quite as planned
as far as getting loose. Sometimes, no matter how well you plan or test,
something doesn't quite work. Here's one of the goofs I made. Obviously,
I've yet to really screw it up, since I'm here to write about them, but
that time could come.

We all have our routines to get ready to be bound. In my case, it's
usually being naked, though sometimes I'd put on nylons or perhaps some
rubber odds and ends. I don't know how common or not, but any cross dressing
I tried ends with nylons - dark brown, silky-smooth nylons - but that's
another fetish for another time.

For this particular time, which took place in a military dorm room by
the way, I was naked. I made sure the door was jammed shut from the inside
- many people had the keys to get in, so it often took some ingenuity to
be able to secure the door without doing any damage to the door. I'd usually
use a pair of padded vise-grips to keep the interior lock knob from moving.

For this particular scenario, I used some nylon cord about 3/16" in
diameter. This is pretty much my favorite material for bondage. I know
its small diameter can cause problems, but I always untie myself before
any permanent damage is done. I just the love the security and its appearance
when tied tightly into the skin. It has a nice clean white high-tech look.
I take a length about three feet long and make a slip noose in one end.
This noose slips around my balls and is snugged up. Then I use a piece
a few feet long to tie my ankles together side-by-side. Not overly tight,
but snug.

The next item to be added is a length of wooden dowel about one inch
diameter and three feet long. This goes behind my knees as I sit down on
the floor and bend my knees, bringing my feet towards my balls. The cord
from the balls then gets tied to the cord around my ankles keeping my knees
bent and the dowel caught up in the crook of my knees. For added security,
especially if doing this to someone else, the dowel should be tied to the
legs.

To finish this off, I put my arms under the dowel and then use a nylon
strap with buckle to secure my wrists together in front of my legs.
It's a little tricky to tighten the strap. I make a loop with the buckle
and then holding the free end in my teeth slip my wrists in. With some
judicious tugging and pulling and fidgeting, the strap can be pulled tight.
Once the strap is dropped from the teeth, you're tied. The only way to
loosen the strap is to reach the buckle and your knees are in the way of
that.

The end result is a neat little ball with everything trapped together
- the dowel is behind the knees which keeps the arms from slipping off,
and even if the ankles weren't tied to the balls with a slip noose, the
wrists tied would keep the legs from straightening out. I've read this
is a common torture tie, especially if the dowel is then raised in the
air with the body hanging from it. I've never heard of the ball tie added
though.

Obviously, there's a way out. After struggling for awhile - enjoying
the feel of the cord pulling against my balls - and the overall tightness
of the tie, its soon time to get loose. Sometimes, but very rarely, I'll
come while tied. I find that I usually need some physical manipulation
of my cock first, which isn't going to happen in this tie. The way to get
out is to fall over on your side and then push the wooden dowel loose from
under your legs by pushing it against the floor. Once the dowel is free,
the arms are free and everything else is easy. I'd done exactly that dozens
of times in the past with no problems. This time there was a problem.

As near as I could figure it out later, my ankles were tied too close
to my balls and there wasn't enough slack for the dowel to slide loose.
The bend of my knees was firmly gripping it and skin against wood isn't
very slippery. I struggled for all I was worth, but the dowel wasn't coming
out. Don't forget that my ankles were tied firmly by a slip noose to my
balls. My struggles were very limited by that. The feeling were getting
truly intense and extraordinary.

Oh, remember I mentioned I was in a military dorm room? A friend was
in the hallway just now calling for me. He called, knocked, and jiggled
the door handle, but it stayed locked. Talk about an adrenaline rush. The
feelings of panic built up into one of the few truly "oh shit, I'm really
tied now" episodes of my life.

I guess the adrenaline rush did it, but I actually bent the buckle of
the nylon strap in my struggles which gave me enough slack to get my wrists
free. The backs of both wrists where I pulled against the strap were bruised,
and the black and blue marks stayed for over a week afterwards. I'd look
down at my wrists and wonder if anyone was looking and if they'd figure
out what I'd been doing.

While I wouldn't want to be in that particular situation again, I sure
would like to be in the particular situation again. Even being bound by
someone else can't match the rush you get at the exact second when you
realize you can't get loose. The happiness and confidence and sexual glow
you feel while bound knowing you can get out eventually - even if it's
hours in the future by your release mechanism or by your partner's hand
- is suddenly and intensely replaced by a feeling of panic of being stuck
forever. And the fear of dying, while strong, is still overlaid by such
a sexual rush, that it's amazing - practically indescribable with words.

2001
