---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/spandex/storiesak/imported_usa.html
subcategory: Maid-bot Stories
title: Imported from the USA
authors:
- Darkraptor1
tags:
- MF/mf
- F/m
- slaves
- mum
- wrap
- spandex
- bagged
- crate
- shipped
- nc/cons
- X
date: 2006-02-19 00:00:00
---

Another day, another dull routine at work.

Though working at the international sex slave factory was
definitely an uncommon career, it could get a little dull at times, and for poor
Albert, this was one of those times.

Albert was the man who supervised the shipping area of
the factory. It was his task to oversee the safe packing and shipping of slaves
who were to be sent to their owners all over the world.

Today had seen a large shipment of mummies to be shipped
off. Punching his time clock in, Albert picked up his hard hat and overalls. He
picked up the clipboard and looked at the printout. Fifty hand-wrapped mummies,
sixteen body bag mummies, twelve straightjackets and six mail bags.

The pleasant chime sounded, and it was off to the floor.
“Morning Albert!” A voice called out.

“Morning Tim. Looks like we’ve got a busy day
ahead!”

“Yep! But looking at the lists, it looks like a fun
loadout!”

The workers took their places next to the conveyor belts
and waited for the machinery to start up. Boxes of every shape and build were
put in place, packed with shipping foam.

The red warning lights lit up, the buzzers sounded, and
the conveyer belts began rolling. “Okay people!” Albert called out.
“Let’s stay sharp! Human cargo coming through!”

The first body appeared out of the rubber flaps. It was
one of the hand wrapped mummies, wrapped in dark blue bandages. Albert followed
the mummy as it went down the conveyer belt, wiggling and squirming.

Albert did a quick check on his clipboard. Slave number
3498B. She was to be shipped to a wealthy warlord in a Middle Eastern country,
along with two straightjackets. Special notes indicated that this one used to be
a lawyer. She had been captured and forced into slavery against her will. Notes
indicated a feisty and unwilling temperament.

Mummy slave 3498B reached the end of the conveyer belt.
The workers quickly picked her up and did a quick visual inspection. No damage
was present, though one of the bandages needed to be sewn back into place.

As one of the workers did that, another went and clipped
a collar around slave 34’s neck. The black collar was locked in place around
the bandaged throat and activated. With this tracking system, the warlord would
know exactly when his precious cargo was to arrive.

Satisfied that slave 3498B was ready to be shipped, the
workers placed her inside a coffin like box, surrounded her with shipping foam
and placed the lid on. Three quick snaps of the locks, and mummy slave 3498B was
ready for shipping.

As her box was placed into a large shipping container,
another mummy came out. Albert observed the number on the mummy’s wrappings,
and checked it against his records.

Ah yes, slave number 1535G. This slave was to be shipped
with number 3498B to his new desert home. Special notes indicated that this was
a voluntary slave, who used to be a disgruntled college student. The notes said
that he had willingly submitted to being wrapped.

Albert let out a smile. It was always good when all
parties involved in this trade were willing and submissive. Slave 1535G was
picked up, checked, collared, and placed in his box. Though his face could not
be seen within his wrappings, slave 1535G’s body posture was relaxed and happy.

The lid was closed, and the locks activated. Two more
mummies ready for shipment. As the rest of the warlord’s order was processed,
Albert walked over to the next conveyor belt. This one was processing a small
order, consisting of a single slave.

Slave number 56A124 was coming out of the hole, dressed
in a tight white straightjacket with blue tights. Special equipment included a
pair of gold colored ankle cuffs and a black leather muzzle. Notes said that
this slave was a felon with a life sentence, which had been commuted to life as
a slave.

Looking at her gagged face, she didn’t look too happy
as she was picked up off the conveyer belt and forced into her shipping box. She
looked quite frightened as she was strapped down to the inside of her box and
blindfolded.

She let out a muffled whimper as the box lid was closed
and locked. With a great shove, the box was pushed into the back of the shipping
truck, which promptly drove away, taking the slave to her new master in Canada.

The next conveyer belt was packaging an interesting
order. A high-ranking official in the Chinese government had a fetish for
American brides, and had placed an order for ten of them.

And now there were ten slaves dressed as brides, their
arms and legs cuffed and shackled. They were currently ungagged, but had been
warned about protesting.

The ten shackled brides, dresses and all, were forced
into individual shipping boxes. The shipping attendants pushed the billowy
dresses into the boxes, made sure the cuffs on ankles and wrists were tight, and
began to shut the lids on each bride.

Albert checked the order again, going over the list.
“Hold it!” he called out. “Our client made a change in his order. He wants
eleven brides, not ten.”

“But we don’t have another bride.” A worker named
Susan said. “All the other slaves are being trained, and we don’t have any
to spare.”

Albert paused, thinking the situation over. Wait… he had
an idea. “Oh, I think we can get one more bride.”

With well-practiced moves, Albert quickly walked up and
slapped a pair of handcuffs around Susan’s wrists. Pressing a button around
his belt, three guards walked over.

“Susan, you are under arrest. You have been chosen to
be converted into a lifetime slave.” Ignoring Susan’s shocked face, he
turned to the guards. “Take her to the dressing department, tell them that we
need another bride.”

The guards nodded and began dragging Susan off the floor.
Company policy does work sometimes, Albert mused. If you’ve got a troublesome
employee, or need a slave quickly, go ahead and arrest one of them. After all,
we can always cover it up.

That was one of the perks of working with the largest
slave company in the world. If it had managed to keep its operations secret for
over a hundred years, then it could do anything.

Fifteen minutes later, Susan was marched back into the
shipping room, dressed in a silk bride’s dress. A new shipping crate had been
prepared for her.

“Albert!” She cursed as the guards forced her towards
the crate. “You can’t do this!”

Pulling out a pair of turn of the century shackles,
Albert walked up to her. “Oh, you know fully well I can.” With the guards
holding her arms still, Albert put a transportation belt around Susan’s waist,
then threaded the handcuffs through the large O ring.

“Besides.” He said as he locked the cuffs around
Susan’s silk gloves. “I hear that Chinese food is really tasty. You might
get extra for being a slave for life.”

She spat on him as he finished applying the locks. “Now
now, don’t make me gag you. I’ve read that having a ball gag in your mouth
for a trip to China can make you very sore.”

Susan gave him the meanest glare she could. “Damn
you.” She cursed as she was forced into her shipping box. “Damn you.”

He gave a final check to make sure her shackles were nice
and tight. Satisfied that she wouldn’t be able to move her wrists from her
waist, he closed the box lid and locked it.

The crates filled with bound brides were loaded onto a
shipping truck, and were soon heading down the road towards the airport. “Have
fun in China.” Albert giggled as he watched the truck, along with
his ex-coworker, vanish around a curve.

Three hours passed, and forty slaves were packaged and
shipped. The work was tiring, with Albert constantly jogging back and forth to
insure that each slave was carefully packaged and shipped.

Though every slave, willing or unwilling, was forced to
wear restraints, a few accidents occasionally happened on the floor. Only one
such incident today, with a wetsuited male managing to undo his handcuffs. He
managed to knock over three employees and was strangling another before being
subdued.

Ten minutes later, he was straightjacketed, cuffed and
mummified. His squirming form was forced into his shipping box and locked in
just as the break whistle was activated.

Easing into his chair in the cafeteria, Albert breathed
deeply, enjoying the feel of his tired muscles unwinding.

As a chained slave brought over some drinks, Albert and
Tim caught up on the latest family and company activities.

“So,” Albert began. “Who all did we loose this
week?”

“Billy, Harrison, and Ang all got shipped off to
Malaysia last Monday.”

“How did they go?”

“Catsuited, then mummified in red horse bandages.”

Albert nodded. “Nice. Sounds like fun. Anybody else?”

“Well, Lisa was straightjacketed yesterday and was
shipped off, new property of a lucky businessman from Los Angeles.”

There was a loud muffled scream from the other side of
the room. The two looked over and watched as a green plastic mummy was carried
down a hallway, its ponytail sticking out of its head.

“Well, there goes Anna.” Tim observed. “I warned
her not to complain about the long hours. I wonder where’s she going.”

“Five bucks says the UK.”

“Okay, you’re on.”

The two quieted down as they sipped their drinks. Tim
wondered what movie he was going to watch at home tonight. Albert wondered how
long it would be before he was arrested and turned into a slave.

It was pretty much inevitable that every employee of
slave international would one day be forced into slavery themselves. If you
stayed on longer, you would be sold to a nice master. Rank and experience had
its privileges.

Albert had been there for about twenty years, shipping,
carting, and supervising human goods all over the world. Nobody had lasted more
then twenty one years. His time would no doubt come.

He hoped that he would have a nice master, one who was
kind to him. As he had no immediate family, he was looking forward to his
inevitable adventure.

The whistle sounded, and it was time to go back to work.

The straightjackets were next. All of these slaves were
willing volunteers, homeless men and women who had volunteered for a new kind of
life where all their needs would be taken care of.

The crates they would be traveling in were late, so the
eleven remaining straightjacketed slaves quietly talked to themselves.

Albert went up and inspected each one, making sure their
clothing and their restrictive jacket were on nice and tight. “Excuse me.”
Slave 895H asked. “But my jacket is a little loose. Could you tighten it a
bit?”

“Of course.” Albert took the lady’s sleeves and
tightened them, buckling down the straps and belts. “Tight enough?”

“Oh yes, very comfy. Thank you.”

At that point, the crates arrived, ready for their
occupants. Albert reviewed his clipboard. “It seems that you’re going to
have your mouth taped shut.” Albert told slave 895H.

“Oh goody! I was hoping my mouth would be taped shut. I
just love the feeling!”

Albert smiled as he pulled out the green tape. Slave 895H
closed her mouth and smiled as Albert wound it around her mouth. After three
wraps, he was sure it was closed tightly enough.

“Now you have a good life, okay?” Slave 895H nodded
enthusiastically as she was picked up and placed in her crate.

As the straightjacketed slaves were packed up and
shipped, Albert looked at his list, and at the clock. The end of the day was
fast approaching. His shift would end soon, and it would be back to the dingy
apartment, where it would be a lonely dinner for one…

Two mail bags came down, each securely holding a
catsuited slave. They were simple to ship. Simply plop them into the back of the
truck and away they went.

At last, the last orders of the day were about to be
processed. The sixteen body bag mummies. Albert began checking off the remaining
forms when he heard them behind him.

“Albert Allen?”

“Yes?”

There was the clink of metal. “I’m afraid we’re
body bag mummy short. You’ve just been drafted.”

Albert let out a small smile and put his clipboard down
on the edge of the conveyer.

The guards were very gentle as they locked the handcuffs
around his wrists. Albert noticed how this was the end of his old existence. He
was on his way to a new life, a new adventure.

Fifteen minutes later, Albert was in the mummy room, a
section of the factory where slaves were mummified for those who had a mummy
fetish.

He had already made the decision to cooperate with his
ex-employers, now his captors. He had cooperated when they shaved his body down
and told him to get into the spandex body suit, and now he stood in the mummy
room, awaiting further instructions.

Three attendants brought out a large black human sized
bag. Albert grinned as he recognized it. It was one of the special models, a mix
of neoprene, spandex, and latex. Very tight and very soft. He had never had the
pleasure of trying one on before.

“We are going to put you in this bag.” One of the
attendants said. “We will then wrap you up in bandages to secure you.”

Albert nodded. “Well then, why don’t we start?”

The attendants looked a bit shocked. “You are aware of
what’s going on aren’t you?” One of them asked.

“Oh yeah, I knew this would happen eventually. But
I’m looking forward. I hope though, that my new owner and master is nice.”

As the attendants gently moved him towards the bag, they
smiled. “Oh don’t worry, I think you’ll like her.”

The bag was held up, the back unzipped and waiting for an
occupant to enter. Albert happily put his legs into the bag and worked them into
the leg sleeves at the bottom. The soft material felt good against his second
skin, warm and comfy.

Standing in the bag, Albert then felt around for the
internal arm sleeves. This was the biggie. Once he put his arms in those sleeves
and the back was zipped up, he would be completely helpless and at the mercy of
his captors.

He didn’t hesitate. He found the sleeves and slid his
arms in, relishing the soft, tight feeling. In a way, it felt like he was
putting on a tight pair of gloves.

When his arms were fully in, the attendants went to work.
They adjusted the mummy bag slightly to ensure a tight fit, then they began to
pull the heavy duty zipper up.

Albert did nothing but shiver slightly from excitement as
the zipper was pulled up, and the bag tightened around him.

When the zipper was fully up, the attendants slipped a
small lock on, ensuring that it wouldn’t come undone by mistake. Now locked
into the bag, the attendants gently lay the new slave down on a table. Albert
felt very relaxed as he went still in his new body bag.

Large black belts were pulled out and applied around his
body. They were pulled through straps around his ankles, knees, waist, elbows,
and chest. The tightness was delicious to Albert, feeling another restraint
being applied to him.

Now that he was secured inside his bag, the attendants
began the process of wrapping Albert in a layer of tight, elastic bandages. Well
trained by years of experience, they quickly wound the elastic bandages around
Albert and his tight bag.

Albert could do nothing, now that he was locked into his
bags. The internal sleeves forced him to keep his arms still and in place. He
discovered, much to his dismay, that he couldn’t reach and pleasure himself.
The internal sleeves denied him a pleasure he had always enjoyed.

In five minutes, the bandages were wrapped super tight up
to his waist. It was wonderfully tight, but not to the point of excess. The new
slave felt very warm and safe as his new cocoon began to wind its way up his
body.

A few minutes later, the bandages had reached his
shoulders. Curiously, the attendants stopped. One of them walked into Albert’s
field of vision.

“Your new owner has specifically requested for you to
travel blindfolded.”

Albert smiled. “Well, it lets me guess where I’m
going!”

"She also ordered for you to be gagged."

"*Yes!*" Albert thought. "*I just
love those gags!*"

Opening his mouth wide, Albert happily accepted the ruby
red gag that was pushed into his mouth. Unlike normal ball gags, this gag was
specially designed for long term wear. Albert giggled as he tasted the plastic
over his tongue.

The attendant smiled and produced a hood constructed of
the same materials as the body bag. She slowly reached over and placed it on the
top of Albert’s head.

The hood was pulled over Albert’s head. He watched with
great interest as the material was pulled over his eyes, then over his head and
down until it completely covered his head and his throat. Albert could still see
out of the eyeholes. But the attendants had a surprise for him. Albert watched
as they pulled out a blindfold, then slowly began to cover his eyes, thus
blinding him until his master decided to let him see again. The last thing he
saw was the attendant’s smiling face.

With Albert now blindfolded, the attendants had one last
surprise for their slave. They pulled out a black leather collar and fastened it
around Albert’s neck.

The posture collar quickly forced Albert into keeping his
neck and head straight. The buckles and straps were set, and the collar was
locked onto his neck.

It was almost over. The attendants resumed the slave’s
mummification, winding the thick bandages over his neck, and then around his
head.

With one layer completed, Albert was no longer a free
man. He was now a mummified slave, completely at the mercy of his new masters.

The attendants did one more layer of the stretchy
bandages, just to make sure he was securely wrapped and restrained. Thirty
minutes later, the second layer was complete.

There was one last step to do. The chief attendant leaned
over Albert’s head. “Your name is no longer Albert. For the rest of your
life, you will now be known as slave 7538Y.”

Slave 7538Y wiggled with pleasure inside his thick
cocoon.

He was picked up and carried over to the conveyer belt in
the back of the room. The slave was placed onto it, and was swiftly carried away
and out of sight.

The attendants sighed. Another job well done. Another
mummy off to his master.

They turned to leave, ready to go home. Instead, they
found a locked door and six new attendants, each carrying rolls of bandages.
“It’s time for your… retirement.” One of the guards said.

Slave 7538Y took the trip that he had sent so many others
on. He was carried down the conveyer belt, quietly waiting for his fate.

He was received by the employees at the floor. They knew
who was inside this cocoon of restraints and were extra gentle as they placed
him inside his shipping crate. The new floor supervisor double-checked the
details of slave 7538Y’s trip. Confirming that everything was in order, the
supervisor nodded.

The lid was placed on and locked. The crate was pushed,
along with fifteen other crates, onto a shipping truck. They were piled one on
top of another until they were all inside.

With the crates secured, the truck drove off into the
night, carrying sixteen slaves off to a new life.

Slave 7538Y was quiet inside his crate. He listened to
the sounds of travel, but he was growing sleepy. He felt so safe, so secure
inside his own private crate. He had nothing to worry about. All of his
troubles, all of his fears were behind him.

A new life awaited him. All he had to do was lie back and
enjoy the ride.

Unable to move, unable to escape even if he wanted to,
slave 7538Y drifted off into the warm, safe arms of sleep.

**Part  2**

Inga never expected to have her package delivered so
quickly. Less then three days after placing the order for a slave, and it
arrived at her doorstop.

It was a very pleasant moment. She had been on her
leather sofa, wondering where her slave was going to sleep. There was the
upstairs bedroom, but it might be difficult to get him up there… Maybe the
basement. It would certainly be more efficient for her, but her poor slave would
be all alone…

As she contemplated this problem, the doorbell chimed,
announcing the arrival of the mailman.

Inga wondered what awaited her. Bills no doubt. Lots of
junk mail. Maybe a catalogue or two.

When she opened the oak door, she didn’t see any of
those. Instead, she saw a gigantic box sitting on her doorstep.

There were air holes cut into the side of the box. It was
roughly seven feet long. There was a large label on the top of the box, which
bared the letters “ISF”.

Inga let out a squeal of joy. Had it really arrived so
quickly?! She hardly dared to hope. The mailman helped her bring it inside the
house, where it was placed in the living room. The mailman asked what was making
her so excited, and was quite curious when he learned that it was a new pet.

Inga breathed a sigh of relief as he left. She couldn’t
wait to open the box and see her new pet.

She almost pulled a muscle as she frantically pried open
the box to reveal the packing peanuts inside, still covering the crates precious
cargo.

There was a small booklet inside the box. Picking it up,
Inga began to read it.

“Dear owner: Thank you for purchasing your slave from
us. Each and every slave we sell comes with our seal of quality. Should your
slave ever need replacing, simply let us know and we’ll help you as fast as we
can.”

“*Yes, yes, get on with it*.” Inga thought.

“Your slave should serve you well. Through our years of
research, we have found that treating your slave with affection and kindness is
the fastest way to earn your slave’s loyalty. Of course, you are free to treat
your slave any way you wish!”

Inga chuckled. She didn’t have any intention of
mistreating this slave.

Too impatient to read the warranty, she tossed the
booklet onto the floor and began to scrape away the peanuts covering her new
friend.

She gasped. There he was. Exactly as she had ordered.
Firm body, good length and build. The tight bandages wrapped around the body,
compressing and containing him. And beneath that layer was that oh so sexy body
bag she longed to see, and beneath that lay that wonderfully tight spandex body
suit.

And beneath that layer was her new, precious slave.

She couldn’t hold it back anymore. She let out a squeal
of delight, hopped into the crate and scooped the mummified slave into her arms.
She hugged him close to her chest, stroking his bandaged head.

“Hello there!” She cooed. “I’m your new
mistress!” Her slave didn’t move, but then again, she had placed an order
for very tight restraints.

“Well, lets get you out of this cramped box!” At
first glance the idea seemed ridiculous. Here was a Swedish lady, and here was a
big, well built man. But affection and love can give strength, which easily
enabled Inga to lift him out of the box and place him on the floor.

“Whew!” She said, wiping the sweat off her forehead.
“You’re heavy! Did you work out before you were all wrapped up?”

Again, her slave made no indication that he heard. But
then again, his restraints were doing their job wonderfully.

It was then that Inga noticed a small sheet of paper in
the crate her slave had been shipped in. Picking it up, she looked at the
numbers and letters written on it.

“Your slave’s identification number is 7538Y.”

“Well seventy five.” She said seductively. “I think
that’s a fine name for a handsome slave like you. Now, why don’t we get you
somewhere more comfortable?”

It took another twenty minutes, but Inga managed to move
7538Y onto her fine leather couch. She placed several pillows under his head,
just to be sure that he was comfortable.

“Comfy?” She asked.

No response.

A thought entered Inga’s head. It was a slightly grim
thought, but one that needed to be addressed. She quickly looked at her
slave’s chest and watched closely. To her relief, it did move up and down
slightly, indicating that yes indeed, her slave was alive.

But was he awake? There was one way she could find out.
She leaned over his head. “If you can hear me, stop breathing for a moment.”

She watched his chest. To her delight, the up and down
movement stopped. “Okay, you can breathe again.” The up and down movement
started up again.

“I bet you’re wondering when I’m going to let you
out?” She giggled. “Well, I think I’ll take my time. I want to get to know
you, get an idea of what you’re like. And besides, I like hugging my teddy
bears.”

And that was what she did. Inga reached over and took
this big, mummified man into her arms. She held him close to her chest,
squeezing and stroking his bandaged body, loving every second of it.

Here was a man that she could count on to be with her for
the rest of her life, to listen to her even if he didn’t want to, to be with
her even if he didn’t want to, to be held, even in the unlikely event that he
didn’t want to.

7538Y didn’t give any sign or indication of what he was
feeling then, buried deep beneath layers of restraints. Inga hoped he could feel
her devotion to him. She had only known him for less then an hour, but already
she felt instantly attached to him.

She could unwrap him right then and there… or she could
increase the pleasure. Let him stay in there for a day or two. Inga grinned.
Yes… that was what she would do.

Dinner that night was an interesting affair. The Swedish
woman managed to move her slave into the dinning room, where he was propped up
on a chair and tied down in place by large Velcro straps.

Inga savored her soup, letting its warmth soothe her
stomach. She looked over at 7538Y. She wondered what he was thinking. He was
probably hungry. Maybe a little thirsty. His still form did not show any of his
buried and restrained emotions.

“Are you hungry my slave?” Inga asked.

No answer.

“Well, why don’t we give you some food tomorrow?”

No answer.

Finishing her soup, Inga looked at her slave while
pondering where to keep him for the night. The basement was too cold, the main
floor was a bit cool… but the upstairs bedroom was just right.

An hour later, 7538Y was in the master bedroom, lying
down on a guest bed. Inga was lying in the master bed, looking lovingly at her
slave.

“Well,” she began. “I think tomorrow, I’ll start
unwrapping you to see that lovely bag you’re in. Is it comfy?”

7538Y gave no response.

Inga smiled and turned off the light. “I’ll take that
as a yes.”

\*\*

Sleep was utterly blissful. After all, Inga had a nice
teddy bear to squeeze when she woke up. And she took full advantage of that.

7538Y was squeezed for about half an hour after Inga woke
up. She didn’t feel like getting out of bed just yet. Lying here, holding her
slave in her arms, was much more satisfying.

But she had to get up eventually. She slowly stretched
her limbs, welcoming the blood flowing through them. “Good morning slave!”
She said as she got out of bed and walked over to the curtains. With a quick
flick, they opened, letting the warm sun shine in.

“Let’s have some breakfast.” Inga said. Taking a
small knife from a chest, she walked over to her slave.

Though it saddened her to cut away these wonderful
looking bandages, she knew it had to happen eventually. Besides, she would get a
big reward for giving up the white beauty that bound her beloved.

A small square was cut away from 7538Y’s crotch area.
It took a little bit longer then expected, but Inga squealed when she saw it.

The zipper was in the right spot, just above her
slave’s groin. This little feature had cost extra, but was worth every penny.

“Oh googely bear!” She giggled as she rubbed
7538Y’s crotch. “I think it’s time for you to feed me breakfast!”

7538Y made his first movement since arriving at his new
home. He managed to quiver slightly with excitement.

The sensuous rubbing had the desired effect. A bulge
quickly took shape

that began to grow into a
mountain. The zipper in the bag was opened, revealing the spandex skin beneath
it, covering the still-growing mountain. The zipper on that was opened as well,
and the giant tree sprung forth.

Inga decided to make it hard and fast. She grabbed the
giant, meaty tower of flesh and began to suck on it, rubbing her tongue over its
peak. 7538Y began to tremble and shake. Inga smiled as she sucked and rubbed,
bringing her lovely slave closer and closer to serving breakfast.

Just as he was about to explode, Inga stopped. She
withdrew her mouth, and watched as the giant tower of erect flesh trembled and
shook, desperately searching for the warm caress it had felt only moments ago.

7538Y managed his first sound since his arrival. A small
moan escaped from his head.

Staying silent to heighten the suspense, Inga waited
until the tower began to collapse. Just when it was all the way down, she
grabbed it, wrapped her tongue around it, and began rubbing again.

The tower sprang back to life, filling her mouth with
delicious, meaty flesh. She sucked and stroked, savoring her slave’s flavor.
Ohh, it was so delicious to eat him…

7538Y was starting to buckle in his restraints, trying to
move. The bag and the belts held him in place easily, keeping his movements in
check, allowing Inga to continue her work.

Finally, she could hold it back no longer. She went hard,
and she went fast, rubbing and sucking as hard as she could. 7538Y responded by
exploding, his body quaking and buckling uncontrollably as he gave his master
the tastiest, most juicy breakfast she could ever recall having.

“Oh my!” She gasped as she swallowed. “You’re
good!” With that, she collapsed on the bed, covering her slave with her body.

Feeling deeply relaxed, so very relaxed, she wound her
arms and her legs around her slave’s still wrapped body, giving him a full
body embrace. She squeezed him tightly, giving him the most passionate hug she
could manage.

“I think.” Inga sighed. “That this is going to be a
nice relationship.”

Seemingly in agreement, 7538Y wiggled slightly under his
master’s hug.

The next two days were a blur for Inga. She made the
decision early on to spread out the pleasure of unwrapping her slave. So she
slowly removed his restraints, little by little. She unwound the bandages from
his legs, then his thighs and waist, then his chest.

On the third day of 7538Y’s stay, Inga removed the last
of the bandages, and fully uncovered her slave’s body. He was still bound in
his body bag and belts, but now his form was revealed in the shiny and sexy bag
he was locked in.

“Oh sugar booger,” Inga cooed. “You look so sexy in
that! I could let you out… but what’s the fun in that?”

7538Y wiggled slightly, whether from pleasure or not,
Inga couldn’t tell. “Tell you what.” Inga said. “Why don’t I take you
outside, and show you your new home? Would you like that?”

7538Y wiggled again. This time, it was definitely in
pleasure.

The sun was shining as Inga moved her slave out of her
house and onto the patio. She had to get this just right, to make a great first
impression. Pull this off, and her slave would never want to leave this
wonderful place.

It was a slight struggle to move 7538Y onto the swinging
bench, but seeing his bluish form spread out on the bench made him look oh so
helpless, so innocent and dependent on her for his care.

She sat down next to him, placing her arm around his
shoulder. A slight push, and the bench began to sway back and forth. “Well,”
she began. “You ready to see your new home? I think you’ll like it!”

7538Y tried to nod his head, but the posture collar
forced him to keep his head up.

Inga laughed. “Oh, is that little collar annoying?
Well, I think the black, sensuous leather looks so good wrapped around your
neck. Besides, it’ll be a great place to put my leash!”

Though 7538Y gave the impression of wanting to see his
new home, Inga decided to make him wait just a little bit. He was still sealed
into his own little world. Let him stay in there a little bit longer.

She squeezed his shoulders tightly, but lovingly. “*Isn’t
it amazing?*” Inga thought to herself as the bench swayed slightly. “*I’ve
never seen this man’s face, I’ve never heard him speak, I’ve never felt
his arms around me, yet I love him!*”

The two sat there on the bench for a while. One, because
she wanted too. The other…well, he didn’t have a choice in the matter.

Finally, Inga could wait no longer. She reached over
towards her slave’s hood. Moving carefully, she began to undo the zippers over
the eyes. Each “Rrriippp” was so delicious to listen to. She was opening up
her slave!

The two zippers were undone. Inga looked at her slave’s
face closely. Underneath the hood was the blindfold that had been placed over
7538Y’s eyes. Underneath that blindfold were her slave’s eyes. It would be
the first part of him she would really see.

Very slowly, she reached inside the hood and moved the
blindfold with her fingers. 7538Y didn’t move, keeping perfectly still.

A few slips, and then it was done. The blindfold was off.
And Inga looked into the eyes of her slave.

They were calm, content eyes, a deep green in color. They
blinked at the newfound light that flooded upon them. But they adjusted, and
then focused on Inga.

7538Y could not speak, but his eyes told Inga everything
she would want to know. His eyes told her that he was fine. His eyes told her
that he was curious about her, and that he was very curious about his
surroundings.

But overall, his eyes were beautiful.

“Well, hello there!” Inga said. “Welcome to your
new home!” And she stepped aside, giving 7538Y his first look at his home.

They were in a great valley, surrounded on all sides by
snow capped mountains. There was a giant lake in the center of the valley.
Forests full of trees filled the valley like grass.

The two were at Inga’s two-story log cabin, far out
from civilization. Up above, the sun shone down through the clouds, illuminating
the mountains and valley with a soft, warm, and comforting glow.

“Do you like it?” Inga asked curiously.

7538Y nodded his head as best he could, his eyes full of
delight. “Then let’s take you out for a little ride!”

The little ride that Inga talked about was a ride on a
large floating platform that drifted lazily across the lake. The surface of the
platform was covered in soft blue carpeting.

Inga and 7538Y lay on the platform, letting the current
take them where it willed. It was a lazy Sunday cruise. No destination in mind,
no worries or cares to trouble the two.

Inga was nude, lying spread eagle on the carpet. 7538Y
lay still in his body bag, unable to move.

They stayed like this for an hour or two, relaxing in the
Swedish mountains. Time ceased to be.

After working up the strength, Inga rolled onto her side
and looked at her slave, her eyes drowsy. “You know 7538Y? There’s so much I
don’t know about you. I don’t know where you came from, or what you used to
do. I don’t know if you had a family, or if you had a goal in life.”

She slowly snaked her way up to him, his eyes looking at
her curiously.

“And though I’ve only known you for four days, it
seems like it’s been a lifetime.” She reached him and got on top of him,
straddling him like he was a saddle. Inga leaned over and slowly nuzzled 7538Y
affectionately on the nose.

As 7538Y’s eyes closed in pleasure, Inga slowly reached
down and began to take off the hood, revealing the skin beneath. 7538Y didn’t
even notice as his head covering was taken off.

And when it was off, Inga looked into the face of her
beloved slave. It was a handsome face, still young, not past fifty. His skin,
though damp and wrinkled from the bondage, was smooth and shaved. He was the
embodiment of handsome (which, unknown to Inga, was the reason ISC hired him.
Clients always liked handsome slaves).

His ballgag was still in place. Though she could be a
little cruel if she wanted too, he had worn the gag long enough. Undoing the
tight straps that held it in place she took it out.

7538Y sputtered and croaked, trying to flex muscles that
had been stiff and unused for days. “Are you okay?” Inga asked.

Her slave stopped and looked up at her, his black hair
flowing. “Why yes, thank you master.” He said in his soothing voice. He
looked around. “Would you please tell me where I am?”

“Your new home is Sweden!” Inga said.

“Really? Oh my, that’s a nice choice. And if I may
say so, you speak English very well mistress.”

Inga blushed. “Aww…it’s nothing really.” 7538Y
nodded, then looked down at his bound form.

“Uhm…” He began. “Are you… going to let me out
anytime soon? I like being mummified and all, but it would be nice to exercise.
But of course, it’s your decision mistress. I’ll stay in here if you want me
to.”

Inga smiled and gently began to stroke his wonderfully
smooth second skin. “Oh don’t worry slave.” She cooed. “You’ll be out
soon. But you’ll have to be in cuffs!”

“I don’t mind.” 7538Y said. “But out of
curiosity… well, I never expected my mistress to be…uhm…”

7538Y’s mistress laughed. “Yes, I know. It’s not
everyday that your master is sixty years old.”

7538Y smiled. “But you still look so beautiful.”

Inga leaned in close and gave 7538Y a soft kiss.
Surprised, 7538Y kissed her back. “What’s your name?” Inga asked quietly.

“My former name does not matter, the same with who I
was, and where I came from.” 7538Y said. Inga kissed him again, rubbing his
bound body with hers.

“What is important…” 7538Y said gently between two
kisses. “…Is that I’m with you now mistress. I’m yours for life.” The
mountain began to rise again.

“Oh slave.” Inga cooed as she kissed and hugged him.
“I love you.” She rubbed his smooth skin over and over. “I love you!”

7538Y kissed his master, deep and passionately. He had
loved it these past days. Being loved, being held, being kissed. He loved his
master. She had treated him with kindness and love, and he desired to return the
favor hundredfold. “And I love you my mistress!” He said.

The mountain was at its peak. Barely taking her arms off
7538Y, Inga undid the zipper and let the mountain come out.

The valley and the mountains echoed with shrieks of
sheer, unmatched pleasure, from both mistress and slave.

The plateau was reached, and the downhill slope began.
Slave and master exchanged no words. They were asleep. 7538Y in his mistress's
arms, master holding her beloved slave tightly to her.

As the sun began to set, the floating platform drifted
lazily across the lake, Mistress and slave beginning a new life together of sex,
play, and most important, love.

Deep in his dreams, 7538Y dreamed of walking up to his
employers to thank them for a wonderful retirement. The smiled and said it was
no problem. 7538Y smiled and thanked them, just before he was wrapped up and
packaged, ready to be shipped off again.

The platform continued to drift, carrying it’s
passengers into a new realm of love and compassion.

7538Y awoke for a moment. He looked around, trying to
remember where he was. Then he found his mistress holding him with her body. Ah
yes…

As he drifted off again into dreams, 7538Y had one last
thought.

“*What a great retirement…*”
