---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Hey, Hey, Hey
authors:
- Dan Dofogh
tags:
- Sbf
- gag
- ropes
- hogtie
- cons
- X
date: 2004-02-01 00:00:00
---

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*Here's another verse, same as the first...*
*Just another story, not quite so gory...*
*A tiny little tale that won't leave you pale...*

(Dan Dofogh, 1998)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*Hey hey ho ho, Snicka-snicka-snick. Look ma! I'm upside-down!*

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Karen flicked her head from the left side to the right side, but some
strands of hair still drifted down across her nose. It tickled. Ironic
that such a minor tickle required some major effort to relieve it.

She was in a modified form of self-bondage hogtie based on the "Super
Hogtie". That had such a nice ring to it. The photos made it look so easy.
Nice round loops with a seperate cinch slipped over the loop before the
cinch was tightened. Easy, secure and real. Perfect.

The tie she'd found on a self-bondage website, where she also found
letters, techniques and some very handy warnings. Self-bondage is tricky
to do and pretty dangerous if anything goes wrong. Karen's a smart girl,
she has multiple safety techniques j-u-s-t i-n c-a-s-e. Better to live
to tie another day, right?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*Just one leg in front of the other, no rush. Gee, look at my legs!
Glad I don't have to shave them like what's-her-name!*

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Let's rewind back twenty minutes: Karen has just pulled out her "equipment",
laying it on her loungeroom floor. There's some clothesline for her ankles
and a cloth belt for her thighs. Sitting down on the edge of the lounge,
she binds her ankles, sending a loop or two under the instep to trap her
shoes as well before knotting the cinch rope securely. Next, a cloth belt
for above her knees. The belt has a little give in it, so that when she
bends her ankles back to her wrists, the give in the belt will still allow
blood flow.

There's no ropes on her upper body. Yet. Karen wraps loops behind her
back and in front of her shoulders, making a harness to use as a basis
for the elbow loop next. Once the harness is loosely in place, she makes
sure everything else is in place: handcuffs, elbow loop & cinch, blue
ballgag, knife on floor on other side of room and second knife in sight
in spare bedroom. Answering machine on, door locked, friend coming over
in two hours time. Phew!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*Geez, how big is this roof??? I sure feel light-headed. Snicka-snicka-snick*

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Once she's sure that all is in place and no "suprises" are going to
happen, Karen prepares her handcuffs, slipping them through the back thong
of her pink G-string. The blue orb is settled behind her teeth, the nubs
of the ball resting on her tongue.

Karen then prepares her elbow loop. Cinch rope around the middle of
the loop, loose end of cinch rope up through the gap between her back and
the rope harness. She then wiggles the loop up her arms behind her back,
over her elbows. From here, all she has to do is gradually pull on the
loose end of the dangling rope and let the rope bring her flexible arms
closer together. When she's happy, she can reach down and clumsily tie
the dangling end to her ankle bonds before cuffing her wrists and flopping
over onto her side like a big sack-a-spuds. Dignified and sexual, definitely
not!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*Maybe I'll drop down and see if any flies are hanging around. Spiderman,
Spiderman, does whatever a spider can!*

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Oof!", Karen thought as the sack-a-spuds hit the floor. "There must
be a better way of doing that!"

She rolled over onto her stomach and tested her bonds. Nothing overly
tight, everything nice and secure. The cinch rope between her ankles and
elbows was exerting a nice pressure. She rubbed her gagged mouth on the
carpet, pressing the ball deeper into her mouth to rub both top and bottom
lips on the carpet for the sensation. Today she'd deliberately pulled the
ball straps tight, and there might be a slight mark on her cheeks this
afternoon. Last week at lunch Denise had noticed a mark on her cheek and
made a comment about it. Karen had laughed it off as a scratch, but if
only Denise knew!

Now to wiggle across the floor to grab the knife to cut the ropes and
get free. The longer Karen took or the harder she worked the more likely
she was to leave marks on her skin for Denise to see later that afternoon.
The secret was to be calm and steady, rash and fast didn't cut the cheese
here.

First step then, get the feeling of the ropes. Karen rolled to her side,
then wrenched herself up onto her back, folding her legs underneath her.
She looked up directly into the multi-eyed, multi-legged visage of a huge
spider hanging a few feet above her face.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*Second floor designer webs, nests and dusty crevices. Next floor
Ground, going down!*

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Mmmpphhh! Aaaooooww!". Karen bucked and squirmed, rolling onto her
side. Behind her, the spider dropped the last foot or so onto the carpet.
It sat low on its haunches, before scuttling an inch, stopping, then scuttling
past the skyscraper-sized fleshy hip, touching it with a hairy leg as it
went past.

Once Karen had rolled onto her side, she couldn't see it anymore. But
it was on the floor directly behind her. Aaargh! And here she was, bound
and gagged and unable to move! What if she rolled ONTO it, for Christs'
sake?!? She was too scared to move, but still managed a little tremor as
she felt it touch her hip on its travels past.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*Hey, this place is dead, man! Where's the food? Hey, check out that
dark corner over there! Hey, hey!*

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

After a few minutes, Karen's heart had slowed its beats from three hundred
per minute to about two hundred and fifty. Enough for her to gather her
wits and realise her predicament. She'd elbow-tied herself, hogtied and
ball-gagged herself wearing only a pink G-string and black heels, and she'd
just been terrified by a spider. A big, brown, hairy mother of a spider!
The story of a lifetime and who could she tell THIS story to? No-one! How
do you spell "irony"?

She started inching her way across the loungeroom floor towards the
waiting escape knife. In the cupboard under the sink was a big black can
of insect spray. "Tell me punk, do you feel lucky?" she thought.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*Note - No animals were harmed in the writing of this story,*
*only professional stunt-spiders were used.*
*This story was for all the arachnophobes out there (including me).*

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Text Copyright 1998 by Dan Dofogh 
All Rights Reserved 
Do not repost or repurpose without permission

.
