---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/mistress_beverlys_new_sub.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Mistress Beverly's New Sub
authors:
- Jan
tags:
- F/f
- D/s
- bondage
- cons
- XX
date: 2003-09-12 00:00:00
---

Mistress Beverly's
New Sub
by Jan
A Friend In Need By T.S. FESSELN
This story is for Monica. She had been writing me and was exploring
Bondage, until her roommate found her E-mail left on and being nosey read
her mail. I have not heard from Monica for two weeks so I assume her roommate
(who flipped out) has convinced Monica that Bondage is perverted and not
the fun past time that it is. This story is For Monica.
 
**Mistress Beverly's New Sub**

Monica sat in the back of the bar trying to look as small as she could.
The bar had an S&M theme and she was so self-conscious she wanted to
melt into the floor. 
She had always been interested in bondage and had practiced self-bondage
for a while now. She had recently had a couple of mild experiences, which
had only wetted her appetite. She had heard of the bar and it took all
her courage to come in, but she had been curious, so made the effort.

The waiters and waitresses were dressed in slave outfits, and the hostesses
would whip them to make them serve the patrons faster. A redheaded waitress,
who had spilled a drink, was chained to a post with weighted nipple clams
causing her to squirm. The atmosphere was enticing to Monica, but she was
so self conscious she had to leave. She was about to get up, without even
finishing her drink, when she realized someone had sat at her table.

"New to this aren't you?" said the good-looking woman.

Monica wanted to let on that she did this all the time, but there was
something about the woman that forced honesty.

" I am just curious, and thought I would check it out." stammered Monica.

"I thought so. " smiled Beverly " and you will address me as Mistress.”

"Just who the hell does this woman think she is, expecting me to call
her Mistress." thought Monica, but she still replied "Yes Mistress"

Beverly asked her how experienced she was and Monica filled her in on
what she had done so far. Being so inexperienced it only took a short while.
Beverly's eyes seemed to burn through her as she sat and listened. She
took a paper from her purse, wrote on it, handed it to Monica and got up
and left.
Monica's eyes grew wide as she read "Be there Fri at 9:00" Above that
was Beverly's address. Monica hurriedly left the bar, glad to be out of
there, but wishing she had stayed. Come to a strangers place? That would
be the day that she would do something like that.

Monday evening, Monica was digging through her purse when she found
the note. She smiled to herself that anyone would expect someone to follow
those instructions. Without even thinking, she slipped the note back in
her purse.

The week passed and Friday night came and Monica was sitting in her
car in front of the strangers’ house. Why was she here? Had she lost her
mind? She had looked at the note almost daily for the week, and every time
she had laughed to herself how stupid it was, but she had never thrown
it away. Now she sat at the address that was on the note. She must have
started the car a dozen times only to shut it off again. Finally, she just
got out of the car, walked to the door and rang the bell. No one answered
and she had just turned around to leave when the door opened.

"Your late!" barked the tall blond.

"I'm sorry" stammered Monica " I got held up in traffic." That was a
lie, because Monica had been there before 9, but had sat in her car too
long, working up her nerve.

"Get your ass in here!" Beverly commanded

It was like Monica had no will and she entered and stood quietly.

" I do not abide with tardiness." said Beverly. She was not yelling.
In fact, her voice was quite quiet, but it shook Monica to the bone. "
You will be punished for that!"

"Punished?! " thought Monica. "What am I doing here? Leave?! "

But she didn't leave and started to stammer an apology.

"Shut up!" commanded Beverly " You will not speak unless I ask you a
direct question, and then you will address me as Mistress Beverly! Do you
understand?"

" Yes Mistress Beverly." Monica responded.

" You do not look very appealing wearing jeans and a T shirt. You should
be dressed more appropriately to see me."

Monica started to stammer an apology and that she didn't know, but the
slap across her face stopped her cold.

"Did I ask you a question?" yelled Beverly.

"No"

Another slap caught her attention. "No what?"

" No Mistress Beverly."

Beverly walked around her looking her up and down " That's better. Now
lets get a look at you. Get the hell out of those clothes and be quick
about it!"

It was only a matter of minutes and Monica stood naked in front of Beverly.
Monica had always been proud of her body, but now she felt strangely inadequate.
She wanted to cover herself or crawl into a hole, but she just stood there
with her hands at her sides. Beverly walked around her again and inspected
her closely. She ran her hand over Monica's ass.

" Very nice! that is much better than those ratty clothes you were wearing.
Your breasts are a little small for my liking, but adequate, and you have
very nice nipples." Saying that, Beverly reached out and grabbed Monica's
left nipple, squeezed and pushed down. Monica let out a shriek and was
forced to her knees.
"Don't move!" ordered Beverly and she left the room.

Monica knelt there, her nipple on fire. She could jump up, grab her
cloths and run. She should run, but she just knelt there with her head
hung and her arms at her side. She looked up and admired herself in a mirror
that was on the wall. It pleased her that Mistress Beverly was pleased
with her body. She wished that her breasts were larger. Beverly returned
to the room and Monica felt something being placed around her neck. Beverly
fastened a collar on her and then snapped a short leash to the ring.

"I am so please that you are still here, my little slut." smiled Beverly
" you have passed the first test."

With that Beverly gave the leash a sharp tug pulling Monica to her feet.
Without another word Beverly led her through the house, and down a set
of stairs to the basement. Monica's felt sick to her stomach as she looked
around the dingy room she stood in. Chains hung from the ceiling, and whips
and paddles and all sorts of stuff Monica did not understand adorned the
walls.  A large wooden X stood in the corner and there was a stout
post with manacles hanging from the top.
Beverly left Monica standing in the middle of the room and sat down
in a big soft chair along one wall. Monica fidgeted as Beverly sat there
watching her.

"Lets see" mused Beverly " you were late. You were improperly dressed.
You spoke out of turn. These things you must be punished for. Is there
anything else?"

Monica hung her head and quietly said " My breasts are too small Mistress."

Beverly sat back and smiled. "Good! Good! See those wrist cuffs hanging
in the middle of the room. Go to them and fasten them to your wrists."

Monica looked up and spied the cuffs hanging from a rope. Her eyes locked
on to the black restraints and she stood there frozen. Nothing else in
the world mattered; all she could see or think about were the wrist cuffs.
Once they were in place, she would belong to Beverly. She wanted to run
but her legs would not move, and she wanted to go to the cuffs, but also
her legs would not move. Panic filled her and she looked around. Her clothes
were no place to be seen, so if she ran she would leave the house naked,
but that would be better than being attached to those implements of torture.

"NOW!!!" yelled Beverly

The command made her jump, and with in seconds she had the cuffs locked
to her wrists. Beverly smiled and went to a switch on the wall and an electric
motor was engaged. Monica's arms were slowly pulled over her head. Higher
and higher until she was standing on her toes and then it stopped. Monica
watched as Beverly went to an assortment of whips and paddles on the wall
to select her tool. Monica's eyes got as wide as saucers as Beverly took
down a vicious looking riding crop. It made a harsh wishing sound as she
swung it through the air and a horrifying snap when she slapped the back
of the chair, Monica could feel her bladder weaken and she was on the verge
of peeing herself when Beverly hung the crop back on the wall. The next
one she took down had a short handle and with about a dozen pieces of soft
looking leather, two feet long and an inch wide, attached. Beverly walked
up to Monica and trailed the whip across her shoulder and down over her
breast.

"I think this one will do nicely. Don't you agree?" asked Beverly.

Monica was so thankful that it wasn't the crop, that she nodded her
head up and down. " Oh yes!" she said " Thank you Mistress! It looks wonderful!"

Beverly walked behind her and darkness enveloped her as she tied a blindfold
in place. Next she felt something against her lips and opening her mouth,
a large ball gag was pushed in place. She heard the electric motor again
and right away she was pulled up so her feet came off the floor. The strain
on her arms was not unbearable, as she hung there in her darkness. She
moaned through her gag as Beverly ran her hands over her breast, down her
belly and between her legs. That felt like heaven, but Hell arrived almost
immediately as the whip landed on her ass. She tried to yell, but the gag
stopped all but a muffled moan from escaping. She hung there as the sting
spread across her ass. SMACK, another blow landed. It seemed forever that
she waited, even though it was only a couple of minutes, before the next
one landed. Beverly was taking her time, to build up the suspense. Smack.
This one fell across her lower belly and then the next across her tits
almost driving the air out of her lungs.

Again and again the lash landed. Front, back, legs, no part of her poor
body was ignored. Blindfolded, she could not see where the next lash would
land so she could prepare. They were coming steady now and lights danced
through her head. It would help so much if she could just scream, but the
gag prevented that. She tried to beg for the whipping to stop, but again
it was prevented by that damn gag. Her whole body was on fire and she was
thinking she would pass out from the exertion when the whipping stopped.
The motor started again and she felt the floor with her feet, and it kept
lowering her until she was laying on the cool cement floor. It felt so
good on her poor body. Hands fiddled behind her head and the gag was removed
and then the blindfold.

She lay there sobbing with her eyes closed enjoying the relief. Beverly
grabbed her by the hair and forced her to her knees. She opened her eyes
to see Beverly sitting down it that big chair that she had pulled to the
centre of the room. She was now naked and she sat back and spread her legs
exposing her pussy.

"Eat me!!" she commanded.

What did she want? Monica had never even kissed another girl, and she
was expected to perform oral sex on the woman.

" No Mistress I can't. I have never---. please don't make me do that."
cried Monica, curling herself into a ball. Surely Mistress Beverly was
just trying to scare her.
Beverly immediately jumped to her feet and moved to the wall. "Just
what did I tell you about saying no you little slut." she started the electric
motor " Not only will you eat me Bitch, you will beg for my pussy. I need
to be satisfied and now I have to teach you a god damn lesson!!"

Monica's arms were again pulled over her head " Noooooo! Please mistress
Noooooo!" She fought her bounds as she was slowly being pulled to her feet.
She instantly knew that once the winch had done it's job she would receive
a repeat performance of the earlier whipping. " Please no more! I'll be
good! Please Mistress, I'll eat you!" Monica was pleading in earnest as
her feet came off the floor. She twisted and turned at the end of the rope
" God! Please don't whip me again! I'll eat you! Please Mistress, let me
eat you! Please!"

Monica begged and offered to do anything as Beverly walked towards her
with the whip.

With no gag her shrieks filled the room. There was no hesitation in
Beverly as she rained blow after blow on Monica's exposed body.

"Please stop!" screamed Monica " I'll eat you! I'll make you cum! Please
let me lick your pussy! Oh please please please!!!"

Suddenly the terrible whipping stopped and she hung limply. Through
her tears she watched Beverly turn the switch and then walk back and sit
in her chair. Her feet touched the floor and slowly she continued to be
lowered. As soon as her knees touched the floor, she struggled forward
to reach her Mistresses pussy, but the rope held her back. As more slack
developed in the rope, she fought to reach her prize. She dare not show
any hesitation for fear of another terrible whipping. Finally, the rope
had lowered enough and she buried her face between Beverly's legs. What
she lacked in experience she made up for with enthusiasm. Although she
had never done it, she had read stories about it. She licked and pushed
her tongue as far into Beverly as she could, causing her to moan loudly.
Suddenly Beverly grabbed her hair and pulled her face into her pussy. She
shook and twisted and wrapped her legs around Monica's head. Monica thought
she would suffocate, as she couldn't' breath with the pussy being ground
into her face.

With one final shudder, Beverly released her and Monica fell to the
floor. Beverly's scent filled her and she lay there with her eyes closed
and rested. She heard Beverly leave the room but she didn't even look,
she just enjoyed laying there.

It wasn't long and Beverly returned. She roughly pulled Monica to her
knees and removed the wrist cuffs. She clipped the leash back on the collar
and with a rough tug, she pulled Monica to her feet and led her up the
stairs. Without saying a word she took Monica to the door, opened it, unsnapped
the leash and pushed Monica out the door closing it behind her. It was
dark, but from the light of a streetlight she could see her clothes on
the step. Monica slid down and sat on the step, leaning against the door
and sobbed. She was mostly hidden by some shrubs, but at this point she
did not care if anyone saw her nakedness. She just sat there and rested.

After she had composed herself she noticed a note laying on her clothing.
She picked it up and in the dim light she read.

" Slave. You will not remove your collar. It is to remind you of tonight.
You will be standing naked on my step next Friday at 9:00.  signed--Your
Mistress.

Monica reached out and picked up her clothes, hugging them to her chest.
Was the woman mad? She expected Monica to return after the punishment she
had just received for being 10 minutes late.

Monica leaned back against the door again and let out a sigh.

" I wonder what would happen if a person was a half hour late---------------
