---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesek/going_for_selfbondage_walk.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Going For A Self-Bondage Walk
authors:
- Leotardguy
tags:
- Sbm
- lycra
- outdoors
- con
- X
date: 2004-03-30 00:00:00
---

**Going For A Self-Bondage
Walk**
by Leotardguy
Going For A Self-Bondage Walk by Leotardguy

This is a completely true story. Bondage to me not only felt good but
it also could be used as a way of creating the humiliation which I so much
craved. (And I haven't the slightest idea why.) At Halloween I would always
find a costume which would mesh the two, most often going as a black cat
in leotard and tights, with a collar locked on my neck that also locked
the zipper of the leotard. I fondly remember a bunch of girls who were
dressed in roller derby costumes who took a look at my collar and exclaimed,
"You're locked in!" I loved it.

And I did much the same when I went on a trip where there was an outside
pool - - I wore the turtleneck leotard and tights with the collar, telling
girls in the pool that this was the only way my wife would let me out of
her sight to swim because she did not trust me. Of course they had a good
laugh at my expense.

I was a teacher and thus had the summers off, and during those months,
my schedule was anything I wanted. I would often sleep late, take an afternoon
nap, and when I got home from the movies or a show, I was wide awake. So
I would read or write letters, and then I would walk down to the local
mailbox when I finished, maybe 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning.

Let me set the scene for you from my house to the mailbox. It was along
a four-lane road which was one of the main arteries through the area. Each
piece of property was about 100 feet wide. First was a house, with bushes
in front to hide in. Then a small street, a yard without bushes, a yard
with bushes, and a yard without bushes. Then three stores, separated by
a driveway where there were cars to duck behind. Then a gas station with
no protection and another four-lane major road. On the other side, a gas
station and then three stores, with the mailbox in front of the last one.
There was a narrow gangway between the gas station and the first store.

I had three advantages: (1) despite these being main roads, there was
little traffic at that time of night; (2) this intersection was the highest
point for about a mile in any direction so one could see a long ways; (3)
you can see headlights on a car long before the car can see you.

I started out walking down there in leotard and tights, and then leotard
alone. Nothing wrong with that, though maaybe provacative for the 1970s.
Then I started carrying a pair of handcuffs with me, and after mailing
the letter, I put them on. First in front of me, and then behind my back.
Now I was completely helpless if anybody had seen me! As the weather got
warmer, I would often wear a pair of dance trunks - - women's style with
no front pouch. And just like with the leotard, nothing underneath; I was
rather small in the crotch so it was not obscene, just sugestive.

But that soon didn't excite me so I used the bondage belt I had, which
was really a gymnastic spotter's belt which our school had discarded when
it was not safe for supporting a body. But it made a perect bondage belt!
Five inches wide, heavy canvas, a heavy ring on either side (or front and
back), and a buckle large enough that a padlock through the holes could
lock it shut. (The belt looked good on the leotard but was a bit strange
with the trunks, and since the canvas rubbed on my skin so I used it only
with a leotard.)

I threaded a pair of handcuffs though the front ring and then put on
the belt and locked it. After mailing the ltter, I snapped the cuffs shut.
This was very good! The next time I tried them behind my back and this
was VERY restrictive. I alternated those for the next few times. You may
wonder why, with the behind-the-back so much more exiciting. Well, I added
a butt plug for the "front" times since I could not reach back there once
the cuffs were on. And the plug sliding in and out when I walked drove
me nuts. More than once it got me so hot that I reached down and stroked
the bottom of my balls, and immediately had a huge cock and wonderful orgasm.

But even that grew tame so I went another step forward, first without
the belt and then with it - - I put on the handcuffs before I left the
house. So not only did I have twice as far to go but it was also fun trying
to put the letter in the mailbox with my hands behind myback. Then I went
both ways with the belt on. One time with the belt and hands in back, I
missed the mailbox and dropped the letter on the ground. I had to almost
lie down to pick it up again, and that was when I saw a car in the distance.
I managed to get up and hide in the gangway just in time, with my heart
really beating.

Any of the times I reached the yard next door, I didn't care if anybody
saw me. If they did, I could duck out of sight by the time they realized
what they think they had seen. One time a car did hit the brakes but then
continued on. Another time, the car hit the brakes and made a U-turn down
the road; by this time I was inside my house. (There were bushes shielding
me from where they U-turn was made.) I watched as the car drive back and
forth slowing, and finally left. By that time the summer was over and I
decided that my fun was over.

The following summer I didn't do that but went one step further, which
I had always wanted to do. It was a hot night and it started to pour rain.
I went outside - - again, 2:00 in the morning - - wearing only shoes and
a hat which I pulled down in front my face. The rain was so heavy that
the XXXXXXXXXXXXX couldn't have been very much, and with my not being large
in the crotch, there was no large naked cock to see. A driver would have
wondered, "Did I see what I think I saw?" I hid in bushes and as a car
approached, walked along and stuck out my thumb as if hitching a ride.
One car did come to a screeching halt and backed up; from my hiding place
I could see that it was a bunch of girls when they opened the side window
and called out to me. What an invitation, but I had to refuse it. They
left and another car slowed down and made a U-turn; I was sure I saw a
light on the top so I headed indoors. And from safely inside, I could see
the car sweeping the yard and adjacent area with a spotlight! I did wonder
what would have happened if they had come knocking on my door to see if
I had seen anything; after all, how could I claim to be asleep in bed with
wet hair?

I got my "humiliation" thrill when the police report in the following
week's paper mentioned me. And that was the end of my outdoor adventures;
self-bondage stayed inside. At least when I was in my hometown! As I said,
that was 30 years ago. There is no way I would do it today; you never know
who has a cellphone and would call the police and you would not know it
until they arrived. Of course there is a question of whether any of the
non-naked adventures were illegal, but there is always the charge of "disorderly
conduct" when the police decide to make it.

Tom

leotardguy2000@yahoo.com
