---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/gift.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Gift
authors:
- kitn
tags:
- M/f
- bondage
- slave
- cons
- X
date: 2002-12-10 00:00:00
---

8
8
**The Gift**
**by kitn**
Yet
another of Kats Creations

When the day dawned bright
she awoke the sun streaming through the bars of her cage she waited in
silence her hands cuffed to the bars of her prison but even the gag in
her mouth could not dampen her spirits today as she waited for her Master
to come and release her.

He enters the room and immediately
she is aware of his presence, his strength, his control.

Striding across the room
smiling as he watches his bound slave in her small 3 X 3 prison. 
The sun highlights her bound form as her grey eyes search his out and hold
him.  Her mischievous grin telling him it would be an interesting
day.

Opening the lid of her cage
he smiles down at her "Well my Dear are you ready to begin your Day?" He
waits for an answer even though she cannot give it through her gag.

Nodding her head Yes waits
in silence for him to untie her.  She cannot wait to show him her
gift to him.  Kneeling beside her cage he looks down and releases
her handcuffs allowing her to rise and stretch her cramped body. 
A smile in her grey eyes she stretches her body and waits for permission
to climb out of the cage.

"Come on its time to go"
he states as he turns and strides from the room.  She steps from her
cage following meekly.  Stopping outside the bathroom door where her
Master waits for her.  "Take a shower then join me in our playroom".
Nodding her assent quickly entering the bathroom gets in the shower.

Finishing quietly she steps
from the shower towel drying her body the gag still locked behind her neck
she walks into the playroom.

Her Master is standing by
the open closet and glances up upon her arrival.  "Come here Angel",
her calls out to her and she crosses the room. "Pick out your clothes for
today and remember you are dressing for my pleasure."  Staring into
the closet she chooses a pair of shorts that the pockets have been cut
out of to allow her Master to play with her at any time he chooses by reaching
into her pockets, to accompany this she also chooses a t-shirt with a v-neck
so low all she has to do is shrug her shoulders forward to allow him access
to her breasts and to complete the outfit she chooses a collar and cuffs
that contrast nicely.  "You have chosen well Angel now dress for me."

She dresses slowly provocatively
for her Master.  Watching her he is pleased and decides to reward
her by removing the gag.  "Come here Angel."  Having finished
dressing walks forward.  Standing before her Master head lowered faces
him and waits.  "Turn around" complying she turns so her back is to
him and awaits the order to place her hands behind her back but he surprises
her.  The key fits into the lock and takes a little wiggling to unlock
the gag but once the lock is gone he moves away.  She dares not remove
it till she is given permission.

"Angel go and make me some
breakfast okay Dear?" he calls out smiling knowing that now the lock was
gone she would be itching to remove the last remaining bond from the previous
evening.  Sighing softly behind the gag she moves to comply.

Standing in the kitchen having
prepared and served her Master she awaits the much longed for permission.
"Angel the food is exquisite as per your usual" he begins "You may remove
your gag now".  She reaches happily behind her head to release the
strap before spitting the gag out of her mouth and licking dry lips.

Smiling gratefully washes
the gag off and places it by her Masters plate to be used again at his
whim.  "Angel I believe you have some work to do today so go and get
to it" He orders quietly.  Speeding off down the hall to her sewing
room she sits at her machine awaiting her Master.

He enters her room and proceeds
to attach chains to her wrist cuffs and her ankle cuffs chaining her to
the sewing table.  She sets to work diligently and listens for the
sound of him leaving.  She has been hiding a bunch of sewing work
on the side and had enough money now to buy her Masters gift.

Later that day when her Master
returns home from work he finds her finished the work he had left her and
she was waiting in silence for him to come and release her.  Before
releasing her She couldn't resist shouting out "Master I have found the
Perfect gift for you".  Forgetting so soon about her vow of silence
she quickly remembers and shuts up.

"You have, have you?" he
questions curiously, she nods eagerly in response.  "Then lead me
to it this gift of yours".  She rises and hands him the car keys and
written directions, which lead him to the marina nearby.  After reading
the directions he looks at her and she tingles wondering what his reaction
will be.  "Okay lets go Angel."

Loading Her into the car
her cuffs her hands together in front of her to the dash and her ankles
together then seats himself and starts the car.  They were off.

She grew more squirmy as
they approached the waterfront and maintaining a respectful silence she
is uncuffed and they approach a small motorboat.  "Oh Angel are you
forgetting my dislike for boats?" "No Master" Her first reply since her
earlier outburst "Tis just the only way to reach your gift Sir". 
Detecting the sincerity of her reply he nods and boards the craft she follows
immediately.

Taking the key she starts
the boat and removing a folded document from beneath her shirt hands it
to you.  She begins navigating away from the dock as you realise it
is the deed to a small Island.  "Angel" He calls out "Yes Master"
Her quick response, "Where did you get the money to buy this?" his question
is laced with suspicion.  Rushing to respond he moves behind her and
she grows flustered. "Master please do not be upset I have been doing extra
sewing for large companies, custom drapes and the like this is how I earned
money for this gift" she lapses into silence once more as he digests this
information.  "Angel you will be punished for sneaking around behind
my back but it shall wait. Now where is my Island?"

Approaching the Island the
most noticeable feature is the cabin which looms large on it's cliff top
perch.  Her Master for once the one at a loss for words merely stares
and Angel glimpses for the first time what she has only seen pictures of
since her purchase and can't wait for her Master to see the inside of the
gorgeous wooden cabin.

Pulling the boat up against
the dock and tying it off waits for him to leave the small boat before
following to stand on the dock behind him.  Silently he turns and
attaches her leash to the collar and gives the familiar command, "Turn
around Angel".  Turning around she enjoys the view of the lake and
her Master cuffing her hands behind her.  He runs his hands down her
legs as he hobbles her legs with a length of chain between her ankle cuffs. 
Rising once more tugs on the leash and they start up the hill towards the
cabin.

Reaching the cabin door there
is an envelope attached with the key inside.  Master reaches into
the envelope and places the key in the lock she holds her breath waiting
for his reaction to her gift.  The door opens onto a spacious playroom
with one lined wall containing all sorts of gags whips crops and harnesses. 
He smiles immediately and looks around further noting the various hooks
and eye bolts positioned around the room and the set of stocks in the corner
as well as several tables that she can be bound to the only limitation
to the positions being his very own imagination.

"It's Perfect." he breathes
and she releases and audible breath.  "You must still be punished
though and now I see we will not have to postpone it."  She whimpers
softly and waits for his command, which is not long in coming.  "Show
me what else you have done here?" Smiling thinking what an easy request
moves from room to room ahead of him pointing out the various storage areas
with ropes and chains and tape and anything else you can imagine a dungeon
playroom should contain.  Ending her tour of the Cabin in the bedroom
where beside the bed sits a 3 X 3 wrought iron cage with a finish that
makes it look like a piece of furniture.

Turning around he smiles
and she cannot help but blush at the smile, which always portends pleasure
for her.  "Take me for a tour of our Island retreat now."  Exiting
the cabin she leads him around finally stopping at a clearing that has
had several modifications.  The trees have had eyebolts added at various
heights and there are several stakes pounded into the hard packed earth. 
"Very Nice Angel", he breathes "Lets go back to the cabin and get some
toys" a glint in his eye tells you your time has come but following the
punishment you know will be only pleasure both his and yours.

Following meekly they enter
the cabin, she being tugged along by her chain leash.  Standing silently
inside the door she watches Her Master choose an inflatable gag along with
a blindfold, which she notes has to be snapped onto a hood and watched
slightly dismayed as he locates the hood and flashes her a grin. 
Next he chooses a pair of leather thongs that can be used for almost anything
and he finds a couple of lengths of rope that appear just right for his
needs.

"Okay lets go we're ready"
taking the leash in hand leads her back to the outdoors clearing. "Strip"
his one word command.  She removes all of her clothing and stands
naked and exposed for his desires.  "Come here Angel" she walks forward
and stops before him wondering if she'd ever hear her given name again
but she is getting used to Angel.  He walks behind her and lifts the
hood before her face as he whispers "Goodbye Angel" before pulling the
hood over her head and lacing it tightly to her shaping it to her features
and tying it off in a tight knot at the bottom "Very Nice" he comments
circling her "but somehow not complete" he laughs and snaps the blindfold
into place before inserting the deflated gag into her mouth and snapping
that into place on the hood also.

He leads her naked form to
the stakes pounded into the ground before a tree but before commanding
her to lay down he takes the ropes and fashions a tight crotch rope making
her gasp and groan.  Laughing he takes the leather strips and begins
playing with her nipples making them hard and ready for his touch. 
Beginning at the base of each breast he winds the leather thong tightly
about her breasts tying each off at the end.  She thinks that she
may be getting off easily as her bound breasts do not hurt at all but then
her wets them from a nearby spring fed pool and now she moans her fate. 
Knowing that leather will shrink as it dries she begins to protest loudly. 
"Enough of that" he grasps the pump and inflates the gag till even her
moans are muffled. "Don't make me inflate it more Angel… Why do you make
me do this to you?" his redundant question going unanswered he lies her
down and secures her arms to the stakes farthest away from her and pulls
them taught.  Sliding his hands down her body whistles in appreciation
as he ties her ankles to eye bolts about two feet off the ground again
pulling tightly.  "Be glad, Angel that I am in a kind mood today or
I would whip you.  As it is I am going to leave you here to let the
sun warm your flesh.  I will be back after I complete my inspection
of the Island at which time I am sure you will be ready to do anything
to escape your breast bondage".  Laughing he strides form the clearance
as she begins struggling to no avail.

THE END

For more fun and games here
e-mail me with any ideas and we shall continue the story
