---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: History Repeats Itself
authors:
- Leticia Latex
tags:
- M-f
- potion
- transform
- latex
- lovedoll
- inflatable
- deflate
- boxes
- oral
- sex
- climax
- cons-reluct
- X
date: 2012-08-26 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**History Repeats Itself**](historyrepeatsitself.html))

**Part 2**

"So... no reason to repeat the experience, right?" he asked her.

"Whaaat?!" she raised her head and looked him in the eyes. "You can't be
serious, not after the way you touched me last night" she replied.

"The way I touched you?! I barely even put my hands on you!" James
protested.
"Well... 'barely' felt like 'immensely' to me. You just brushed your fingers
against my plastic and I couldn't stop cumming" she squirmed, remembering her
last evening. "I didn't even sleep... I fainted!"
"I was kinda hoping this wouldn't happen..." James sighed.
"You hoped I wouldn't like it? Why? This felt awesome!" she told him.
"I know all too well, I know... and I told you already that's the whole
problem, Isabelle. I don't want you to become an inanimate doll like my
other girlfriends..." he looked down.
"Okay, that's nice and all, but you need to be fair. You've just proven to
me that the potion works like you said it would, so I understand the risks of
doing it over and over. Still, I want you to let me try again, and I'd like
you to give me the whole experience this time..." she brought his head up
with her index lifting his chin. "We've got the whole weekend ahead of
us..." she paused, looking at him with lustful eyes. "Let me be your
inflated toy one last time, please?" she asked as she climbed over him,
grabbing his still hard cock with her right hand.
"One last time and that's it, and just...ahhh... because you know how to
aaahh ask..." he hissed as he reached into the nightstand's drawer next to
him. He handed the potion over to Isabelle who looked back at him waiting
for instructions. "Two sips should have you shiny and air-filled for the
rest of the weekend... I think" he guessed roughly.
"roo fink?" she gargled as she held the two sips into her mouth, not
swallowing yet. She gave James a stare.
"Worst case, you'll skip work on Monday, but that should be the right
quantity, I swear. You should swallow already" he told her a moment too
late. Still holding the liquid in her mouth, James saw Isabelle's closed
lips turn bright red and shiny in front of his eyes. A second later, her
mouth was forced open into an O shape, leaving a rubber hole in Isabelle's
face. The unswallowed liquid oozed out of her round mouth onto her chin.

"But I didn't swallow anything..." she complained in a disappointed tone with
her still functionning rubber sac mouth, ounces of the potion still leaking
from it, slowly inching down her neck onto her chest.
"You... you can rub it in, it works on the skin too" James said while
removing himself from under her. He watched as she laid at the foot of the
bed, squirming and spreading the lotion on her body with her hands. James
started masturbating in front of his playing girlfriend, mesmerized by the
contrast of her moaning plastic mouth with the rest of her normal body. She
slowly rubbed the lotion into her breasts and made her way down to her pussy,
massaging the liquid deep into herself. She kept moaning.
"This mmmh... this is taking so much longer than aah before. I can feel
myself changing all over...ooooh... the tingling!" she writhed about. The
rubber had taken most of her face as she looked at her boyfriend jerking off
to her. "Let's fuck while I can still move, I want to know what it's like to
be a living doll. I want you to put your cock as far into my face as you can..." she said as she went down between his legs.
She rubbed her rubbery cheek on his right thigh, slowly making her way to his
throbbing dick. With a hungry look, she plunged it far into the soft plastic
orifice that her mouth had become. James twitched as Isabelle started to bob
her head on his hard manhood.
She was amazed she could finally take him all in after all this time, pumping
his whole shaft in and out of her head. Her rubber throat vibrated slightly
on his cock as she moaned. The squeaky sound of latex being rubbed was heard
as James looked down to see Isabelle groping and massaging her transformed
and buoyant chest.
The squeaky sounds coming from Isabelle's spreading artificial skin alone
were enough to make James erupt in her plastic cavity. He retracted from her
new mouth, sending about as much sperm on her face as he had left inside it.

"Oh..." she gasped while some more of the cum she couldn't swallow with her
sealed throat spilled out of her gaping mouth. "...Oh my god! This was so
inc... incredible!" she moaned. James' stare followed a drop of cum down her
chin onto her latex tits. Isabelle smeared and massaged the amassed semen
onto her chest, making it shinier than it already was.
"Promise this is the last time you make me do this! You can't be my toy
anymore after this" he pleaded her.
"But it feels so g... your doll... so good to have sex with you... fuck...
toy... fuck me... I can't d..." she stuttered and shook her head, her
thoughts obviously mixed up.
"Promise! Please!" James insisted.
"I pr..." she started before falling silent, her arms slowly bending into her
predestined holding pose. James sighed as Isabelle's mouth was now good for
only one thing.
"This is useless... when your voice is back, I want you to promise me you
won't want to be a rubber doll anymore!" he asked the immobile girl again.
"Eight, James! Eight of your girlfriends are deflated and folded up in your
closet, you know damn well what it is I want at the moment!" Isabelle barely
managed to form the thought, other parts of her already disobeying her as her
legs spread open on their own, giving easy access to her neon pink fuckhole.
The latex hadn't completely covered her legs that James was already over her,
placing the head of his cock at the tip of her hole. "Ram it in already!
How long will it take until you finally use me like I'm supposed to?!"
Isabelle nearly went insane when he pushed his cock into her soft, shiny
latex cunt, pumping it slowly. As if he tried to make things last longer and
keep from cumming, he made his motions slow and started talking to her. "You
know, honey? I don't want you messing things up so I'll give you the full
experience tonight..." he told her, which she wondered what he meant. "First, I'll take things real slow, and it'll drive you nuts..."
"It already is, baby... oh GAWWWHHH!" she moaned in rythm to his strokes only
to herself as her legs finished turning to rubber, completing her
transformation into the inflated sextoy she had begged to become.
Taking care to keep his motions slow, James continued. "Then I'll tell you a
bit more about what you're getting yourself into..." he gripped her waist,
his fingers giving into her smooth plastic flesh. "First, I'll tell you
about Natalie Thompson... or Naughty Natalie..." he said.
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_Me and Natalie were on vacation in New York for a weekend and had decided to
stop in a small restaurant in Little Italy. We chatted about all we had
discovered on our trip. It was a silly one-month anniversary trip.
Manhattan being such a dense island, we ended up walking everywhere we went
instead of taking the cab. There was so much to see anyways. Tired, we both
finished our pasta and lay back in our chairs. Natalie tossed a lock of her
long jet black hair behind her shoulder and sighed. "Uuugghhh... I'm so
full, I'm so tired! Huughh... I just wish I was a blow-up doll!" she said,
almost dreamily.
"Haha... huh... what do you mean?" my heart suddenly started pumping, though
I tried to play along, looking uninterested but just making conversation. I
was hoping she hadn't found Lucy in my closet.
"Huh?" Natalie snapped out of her dream and turned back to me. "Oh,
nothing... I'm just saying. I'm horny AND tired. It's our anniversary and I
wanted to make love to you tonight... but I'm so pooped I wish I could just
lay there and let you fuck me then you could put me away when you're done..."
she showed him a tired smile and then yawned. "Phew! I'm full and I'm
getting drowsy too, let's pay the bill and start walking again. Chinatown
might wake me up" she suddenly snapped out of her pasta-induced torpor. We
walked out after paying our bill.
As we walked through Chinatown, I tried to get the nerve to tell her about
the potion. Part of me thought this was probably the best opportunity to
ever bring it up. After all, it was my first girlfriend after Luscious Latex
Lucy and it had been a chance meeting that time. The potion itself had been
our icebreaker. I had met Natalie just a month after 'losing' Lucy. I still
couldn't believe I had brought a vial of the stuff on our trip, almost
resigned to never have anyone to share it with. I didn't want to lose
Natalie like I did Lucy of course, but now that I knew the possibilities, I
often had fantasized of Natalie as a latex toy. Now seemed like the best
opportunity to make that fantasy happen for real.
"You know... Natalie?" I started. She looked up from the fake Rolexes and
fake Prada handbags. She held two handbags and a pair of immitation shoes as
well.
"What?" she smiled at me. "At this price..."
"Oh no... that's not what I meant. I mean, back there... at the restaurant.
When you said you wanted to be an inflatable love doll..." I started to
mention.
"Bah... I was just rambling! Forget I said anything..." she dismissed me.
But I didn't want to be shot down before having at least said what I needed
to.
"Yeah, but what if..." I barely said before she raised an eyebrow. I took a
deep breath. "What if I brought something with us that could transform you
into that sextoy for the night? Would you REALLY want to be a doll if you
could?" I asked her.
"What are you talking about? I was just joking" she told me.
"No, no... I know you were, but what if?" I insisted. She put the handbags
and shoes down slowly and crossed her arms.
"If I could be a blown-up sextoy for a night, would I go for it?" she
repeated to make sure she understood my question right. I simply smiled and
nodded. "Pff! Sure, I guess... it's only one night I guess. I was just
being silly though, I know that's not possible. I'll have a light meal
tonight, then maybe I'll still have enough energy to make love to you..." she
winked at me. Natalie was a special girl. I felt like I was the world to
her. Normally, anniversaries are special to girls. But she was the one
offering herself to me. It always felt like all she wanted was to please me.
I hadn't convinced her I was speaking the truth but at least I had her
consent, I rationalized. She purchased her fake Pradas and made me carry
them, naturally. We walked west and visited a street market in Greenwich
before heading towards SoHo with yet more bags to carry. Fortunately I was
able to dissuade her from buying any of the paintings she liked there.
We decided we'd eat on Times Square but before making our way there, we
stopped by Union Square. We watched on, fascinated, amidst a crowd as a
group of people of mixed ages practiced capoeira in a large circle. I got
increasingly curious about an artist that seemed to be drawing a crowd as
well. I went over to see what the fuss was about, Natalie soon followed me.
The artist was simply painting portraits, only she said she could do their
portrait at any age. People had fun with it, as showed by her demo pictures
displayed on other easels. Each demo picture had the person's original
picture and a drawing of them, some showing five years older and some drawn
in their golden age. Natalie nudged me with her elbow.
"Wanna see what you're getting into? How about we see what I look like in ten
years" she laughed.
"I don't mind, we got time. Wanna do it?" I just shrugged. The artist was
just done with her previous client and was preparing a new canvas. Natalie
sat down on the small bench.
"Hi, I'm Amy" the young painter extended her hand to my girlfriend who
introduced herself in turn. She looked about twenty, our age, and seemed
pretty upbeat. Probably a busy, profitable day for her. She explained and
insisted her abilities were magical. That she didn't simply guesstimate what
people looked like but actually made her drawings from visions. We just
figured it was part of an act and went with it. "So how old should I draw
you?" she asked.
"Let's try ten years from now, what will I look like?" she tried.
"Alright, let's see..." Amy said as she started drawing. I wanted to get the
same surprise as Natalie so naturally I stayed on the same side of the canvas
as her. I looked, a bit shocked, as Amy drew with her eyes closed. The
crowd got a bit louder as she kept drawing. Getting the best of me, I
stepped in front of the canvas. Something was wrong, I tapped Amy on the
shoulder and she opened her eyes, gasping. "Something's not right!" she
grabbed the sheet from the easel and crumpled it up then threw it in a waste
basket. "Pick another age!" she asked, a bit startled as she prepared a
clean canvas.
"Huh... fifteen years?" she asked.
"YOUNGER!" she almost yelled back, as if Natalie had just pricked her.
Natalie just looked at me and I shrugged, looking at Amy. "Five?" she tried
again. Amy took a deep breath and started drawing again.
Two minutes into her drawing and it was obvious something was wrong again. I
cleared my throat and she opened her eyes again. "Oh my god!" she crumpled
up the sheet again. "Younger!" she whispered almost in tears, visibly
shaken.
We didn't know if we should be concerned with Amy or with Natalie with all
that was going on.
"Gee humm... whatever, let's do two weeks" she figured she wouldn't torment
the girl and just get a regular portrait.
Satisfied with how the drawing was coming, I stepped back behind the easel on
Natalie's to wait for her to finish. Again, everything seemed fine until the
very end when she started polishing her drawing. The crowd got loud again
and got my attention. Amy, hearing the crowd, opened her eyes. She gasped
and fainted, falling off her stool. The crowd rushed over her, trying to
reanimate her. I just threw a bunch of dollars into her cash box and took
the almost finished drawing before grabbing Natalie, deciding to disappear
into the crowd.
It was only once seated at our restaurant that I got the drawing out of the
bags. Natalie snatched it from my fingers.
"You grabbed it?! I was looking for it before you jerked me away..." she
said, pulling the two crumpled up pieces of paper Amy had been working on out
of her pocket.
"You..." I looked at her examining the three different drawings, a puzzled
look on her face. "You grabbed the other two?"
"I... I don't get it. I must've gotten the wrong ones from the basket...
none of them make sense! The one you got... it was the one she was drawing
before she fainted? Sure?" she asked, scratching her head.
"Positive" I replied. It should've been clear to me what I was looking at,
but I guess I didn't make the connection back then.
"But none of them make sense... see?" she turned the cleanest drawing towards
me. "That's supposedly me in two weeks. But it just kinda looks like me...
it just looks too artificial. She kinda drew the skin all shiny-like" she
observed. "Plus... why did she make that thing... naked? It's such a naughty
thing to draw right there in front of anyone..." she continued, pointing out
the vagina and mouth on the drawing, which were drawn in a wide open, round
shape.
"It... kinda looks like you, if only a bit more obscene than usual..." I said
amusingly.
"Just a bit?!" she said, falsely offended. "And then there's these two..."
she handed over the two crumpled up drawings. One was meant to be her in
five years and the other was her in ten years. Both drawing looked the same,
only the five year old drawing was unfinised as well. "Just boxes! It's not
me, it's not even a portrait. She just drew cardboard boxes on both of them!
I can't figure it out..." she wondered out loud, looking pensive. "She
looked shaken too!"
"I see what you mean..." I looked at all three drawings and could see why she
was so confused. We got interrupted when the waiter showed up for our order.
Caught off guard, Natalie simply ordered the salad and I picked a steak from
the menu before going back to the drawings. Curious, I looked closer at the
ten year old drawing. Amy was almost done with it when I had interrupted
her. She had even written stuff on the box. I read all about the doll's
features on the box, focused on the tiny bullet points before finally seeing
what we had both had in our faces all along. "I... huh... it's you!" I said,
frowning as I handed the sheets back to her.
"What do you mean 'it's me?' " she asked back, looking at the drawings again,
trying to see what I meant.
"Right there, on the box. It's you, see?" I pointed at the name. "Naughty
Natalie, inflatable girlfriend #2" I showed her. "There's even a little
picture of that same...huh... shiny thing that's on the two week old drawing
on the box" I pointed out. "Don't know why it says number two, though.
You're my number one inflatable girlfriend as far as I'm concerned!" I joked.
"Ahem!" the waiter cleared his throat, both plates in his hands but finding
no place to put them on our smut-covered table. I took all three pieces of
paper and put them away in our bags so our food could be served. The waiter
then disappeared for the remainder of our meal. Typical New York service, we
both thought, though we were getting used to it. We had only spent a day in
New York so far and could already see how New Yorkers had gained their
reputation.
"Maybe here's not the best place to be looking at these..." I reasoned,
starting to cut my steak. She looked lost in thought as much as I was as she
dug into her salad. Deciding we were too tired to do more walking, we spent
our last hour taking in the sights of Times Square at night._

_Finally back at the hotel, we crashed on the couch, completely spent. We sat
a few more minutes, letting our muscles relax. Natalie finally broke the
silence.
"Well... I'm gonna go take a shower. I feel filthy with all this walking
we've done today. You better not be sleeping when I get out!" she teased me,
winking at the implied night of sex our anniversary was supposed to mean. I
flipped through the local channels as I waited for her, knowing it was only a
matter of time before I landed on some Simpsons reruns.
At that hour, the only thing of interest I was able to find was a skin flick
on a late night special presentation. Natalie came out of the bathroom, her
wet hair draped over one of my shirts, opened so it wouldn't actually cover
anything I was interested in.
She slowly sauntered over to me and sat. She put her damp head down on my
lap and watched TV with me for a moment. Slowly getting into the movie, she
was lazily stroking my dick through my pants when she let out a loud yawn. I
knew sleep was about to take her.
"Ah... if only you were a lovedoll, right?" I teased her, shaking her
slightly as if to wake her up.
"Huh? What was that?" she asked, groggy, before realizing her nearly comatose
state. "Oh, I'm so sorry, baby! I'm a poor lover tonight. Can you forgive
me?" she said, yawning again.
"It's alright..." I stretched, pulling her off my lap so I could get off the
couch. I went to my bags and took out the blue potion. I brought it over to
the bed, which Natalie had made her way to. She laid her head on the pillow
and looked at me sleepily.
"What have you got there?" she asked me, pointing to the vial in my hand.
"It's what I told you about..." I handed it to her.
"What... what do you mean?" she said, puzzled.
"Well, you could stop feeling bad about being tired" I told her. "You could
just lay there and enjoy the sex like I will be..." I continued while she
opened up the vial and took a sniff.
"It's an energy drink?" she said as she took one sip. "Tastes sweet!" she
observed before trying to go for another sip. I pulled the vial away from
her.
"Tut tut... one sip'll be enough, my love" I told her. "No, it's not an
energy drink. I just made your wish come true!" I said.
"What wish? what oooh do you mean? Why do I feel so aaagghhh..." she breathed
heavily, her eyes wide no doubt from the feelings that we're starting to go
through her body.
"You wished you could be a blow-up doll for a night..." I explained clearly. "I guess I could say Happy Anniversary to us both..."
"I was just joookiingg..." she said, yawning again, her mouth open wide. Her
eyes went wide when she found out her mouth wouldn't close anymore. "Honey?
'hat's hattening 'oo 'e?! Ny teeth!" she tried asking me. I tried
decyphering what she had just tried saying, which I couldn't hold against her
since her mouth wouldn't move and she had no more teeth to press her still
mobile tongue against. "An I 'eally 'ecogning a gnnnnhh... doll?" she asked
me, teary eyed, in panic.
"Yes... but just for the night like you wished, don't worry! Everything will
be fine" I reassured her. Her cheek made a rubbery sound as I wiped the tear
away softly. Hearing the sound, I pressed on her head gently, feeling my
fingers cave into her skull. "It's started..." I said, watching her tongue
disappear into the pink tube that her mouth had now become.
She punched on my chest three times in protest before grabbing me by the
shirt in passion, she pulled me closer to her inanimate head. She wrapped
her legs around mine tightly and shuddered as I knew her mind was being
flooded by orgasms that just wouldn't end. That's mostly how Lucy had
described the process of being transformed into a plastic toy.
She wrapped her arms around me, running her hands on me like she was in heat.
It seemed like she wanted to rip the clothes off of me. I tried not to
squeeze her head so hard as I kissed her plastic mouth madly, running my
tongue inside, licking the smooth rubber tube that had replaced her tongue.
Her tight grip slowly let go of me as her arms slowly moved to her sides.
The open buttoned shirt she was wearing parted as her magnificent breasts
inflated in front of my eyes and the rubber transformation creeped over her
nipples, leaving bright pink areolas atop the two taut latex bubbles on her
chest. Her legs gripped me especially tightly as I saw seams come out of the
latex skin covering her chest, circling her perfect, inflated boobs.
"I think... huh... I hope you're enjoying this" I said, having been cautious
to repeat I was simply doing it because it was her wish. I knew she said she
had simply been joking, but I hoped I could get away with that excuse if she
happened to dislike the whole experience. I was hoping she would like the
experience because I was having trouble keeping my hands to myself. My
eagerness to drive my cock into her transformed body actually helped me think
of a way to ease my conscience. "I know there's... there's nothing left in
your head. But you can hear me, right?" I asked. "I'd really like to make
love to you if you want, but you have to unwrap your legs from around me if
I'm to undress" I explained.
It worked! Like a vise being released, my mind was eased as she loosened her
legs grip on me. I stood up next to the bed and undressed as her
transformation continued in front of me. Naked, I climbed on top of her just
as her legs were spreading invitingly.
Already oozing with pre-cum, I teased the edges of her cunt with my penis.
Almost as if reacting to my touch, the lips of her pussy became the same pink
color her nipples and mouth had turned to. On penetration, I found that
despite the color, her insides were still her own, hot and wet. A few
strokes later and it was rubber like the rest of her body above her waist.
I fucked my latex girlfriend, almost hearing her moans of pleasure except
they were the weezing sounds of air being displaced in her body as I lay my
weight onto her.
I noticed how different transformations could turn out as I followed the seam
that was appearing down her left leg down to her feet where I saw her
indivual toes meld together, giving her legs the look of flesh-colored,
inflated latex stockings.
"Ooooh yeah, baby!" I breathed heavily into her ear on the brink of cumming. "You're definately my aaahhh... number one inflatable girlfriend!" I panted,
filling her plastic pussy with semen.
I had a great night with my air-filled lover. So great in fact that I dozed
to sleep after cumming inside her for the umpteenth time. I woke up and
looked at the clock with tired eyes. 9 AM. I would usually consider that
too early on days I don't have to work but we were on vacation in a different
city and thought we should make the most of our time here.
I looked to the left and then to the right of me, looking for Natalie. Not
seeing her there, I figured she had turned back and was maybe taking a
shower. I couldn't hear the shower running but figured I'd surprise her.
The surprise was actually mine when I stood up in bed and Natalie was flat,
stuck to my chest and legs like a hot leather couch sticks to the skin. In
shock, I ripped her away from my skin like a bandage and threw her on the
bed. "Oh crap! What happened? FUCK!" I looked at my girlfriend, her sticky,
cum-covered body laying flat on the bed. I wasn't sure what to do, what it
meant. Me and Lucy hadn't dared deflate her once when she was still human so
I had no idea how this would affect Natalie. Obviously she couldn't turn
back to human like this.
I sat on the bed again, calm. I felt so bad for what I had done to her as I
grabbed her valve and pulled her body to my lips. I closed my mouth on the
tiny opening and blew air into her. Slowly, my lover's shiny, limp limbs
started moving as if taking a life of their own as air made its way into
them. The growing pressure made the creases and wrinkles smooth out as she
neared capacity. I kept blowing and held her sides, trying to see if she was
getting too tight. Once I estimated everything was ok, I closed her valve
shut and put her back down on the bed again before realizing I had a
rock-hard erection. My eyes went wide when I saw I had overinflated Natalie
slightly, only all the air had gone to the latex balloons sticking out of her
chest by one more inch than usual. Not wanting to go through the stress of
risking deflation one more time, I simply kept her like this before taking
her to the shower with me.
I showered while my inanimate lover watched me, leaning against the back wall
of the shower. Once I was completely soaped up, I turned my attention to her
and washed her mouth with my soapy fingers. Once cleaned, I moved on to her
pussy and ass. I was kneeling in front of her, both hands into her orifices
when I heard her moan loudly.
I stood up and looked in her face, seeing her eyes suddenly start to flutter
and look more human on her otherwise completely transformed body. I even saw
the mouth sac shift slightly as she moaned and gasped. I pulled my hands out
of her holes and she rolled her eyes, hissing in pleasure.
"Put... mmmhh... put 'em back in! Fuck me!" she said feverishly, still
paralized from her slowly reverting condition. I was simply happy to hear
any words at all from her, let alone those. I instead decided to fuck her
pussy with my cock and hold her body up by the anus with fingers from both
hands. I thought she would almost faint but instead found her body slowly
gaining mobility as she rocked on my pole, screaming like a banshee.
"Turn... gnnnhh... turn the shower off! It's driving me uuunnnggghh!" she
panted as I heard the drops of water drum on her hollow body. Unknown to me,
each single drop was like a pleasurable sting on her skin, and seeing as I
was already handling her roughly, the sensations were too much. I stepped in
front of the shower spray, covering her body with mine and then pushed her
against the wall, fucking her madly.
Over the following minutes, I lost strength slowly as fatigue from our
overnight romp and this morning's activity drained me. The fact that Natalie
was getting heavier didn't help so we shut the shower off before jumping into
bed, still wet and finished fucking. I rubbed my hands on her squeaky torso
as I took her from behind, feeling the warmth come back to her slowly
underneath her rubber skin.
She finished me off as I was completely tired and simply lay there as she
wrapped her mouth on my cock and sucked me off with the energy of someone who had a more relaxing night than I had. I climaxed into her mouth as she
greedily devoured it, still moaning as if echoes of past orgasms were still
reverberating within her. She lied down next to me and looked me in the eyes
with love, cum slowly dripping out of her sealed mouth tube as it finally
turned into her normal mouth, swallowing the rest without bothering to wipe
the trail of cum that was making its way down her cheek or the one on her
chin._

_"Happy anniversary, I guess" she chuckled.
"I take it you're not mad at me?" I asked.
"After the night we spent? That'd turn your worst enemy into your most
devoted lover. It was... incredible! Actually, I don't think any word would
do it justice" she told me.
With a spring in her step, Natalie dressed up and went to grab breakfast for
us downstairs and came back to the room to take care of me. I had dozed to
sleep again and she woke me up so we could eat and pack our things before
leaving the keys to the room.
Our last day in New York was an exciting one. A pretty routine tourist day,
but fun nonetheless. The fact that we had an amazing night together really
made this trip an event to remember. That was the weekend Natalie started
using the potion with me.
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_James was happy to have finished his story, finally able to let himself cum.
He threw his head back and gasped, arching his back as he filled Isabelle's
soft rubber pussy with his spunk.
He got off the doll and lay next to her, taking deep breaths, exerted from
his lovemaking and thunderous orgasm.
"Well...huff... I said I'd give you the full...puff... experience so..." James told Isabelle. The simple fact of getting her valve popped out of it's IN position made her cum, let alone the tremendous pleasure she felt as he pulled it open and the air started to hiss out of her taut plastic shape like the balloon-woman she currently was.
"OOHHHH!" she gasped in her head as it started losing definition, her nose
and forehead caved into her head as her face crumpled up, unable to display
the ecstacy she was feeling then. "I didn't gaaahh... knooohhh sensations
like theeeeaaggh... were... were possible" she thought, her mind awash in
pure sexual pleasure. It seemed to her like the amount of pleasure she felt
shot up increasingly in proportion to the air she lost.
Too soon, it ended. Isabelle was on the brink of the biggest orgasm she had
ever had when it stopped abruptly, leaving the hollow girl completely flat on
James' bed. The pleasurable sensation barely subsided, held at its current
level by her suspended state.
"This can't... can't be the last time. It can't!" she moaned inside her
head, laying helplessly on the bed, oozing cum from her deflated mouth and
pussy.
Seeing this, James picked Isabelle up and went to wash her in the bathroom.
He took special care in rubbing her wrinkled body with a towel, making sure
no cum would elude him in the creases that covered her limp body.
"Maybe I could tell you about my next girlfriend then" he told his empty
girlfriend, bringing her back into the bedroom. He folded her neatly, having
gotten used to it after eight other plastic girlfriends. He put her body
down on her pillow, looking wistfully in her painted green eyes. "My third
girlfriend was Beverly Johnson, but her box says Blow-up Beverly now..."
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_I only knew Beverly for two weeks before I had to find a box for her. She
was the athletic type from what I knew of her. We had met in a nightclub and
hit it off instantly. Within a week, she was almost always over at my place.
Beverly also happened to have a sexual appetite like no other girlfriend I
had before her. It was with that in mind that I had bought more of the
potion, thinking this time would be different. Of course, if I had a single
idea what I was doing, I wouldn't have eight dolls today.
Her story is a rather short one as I had left the bottle of potion in the
fridge to cool before letting her know that night, but my laziness unfortunately caused her to become my toy forever that same day.
Beverly came back from her afternoon jog that day and slammed the door, still
jogging in place in the lobby, slowly winding down.
"Phew, hi baby!" she called out from the entrance. "How was your day?" she
asked loudly.
"Tiring! I've been watching TV ever since I came back to relax..." I answered
back to her without leaving my spot in front of the tube. If I had only got up to welcome her in...
After five minutes, I heard some dishes crash on the kitchen floor. I got up
quickly to see if Beverly was ok, only to see her panting and holding herself
against the doorway.
"Jammmmes, I feel weird..." she stumbled forward into the living room. "I
fff... I feel so light-headed" she breathed quickly in small gasps, as if she
was out breath.
"What's going on? Did you overdo it? Are you hyperventilating?" I offered her
help. "Do you need a paper bag?"
"I oooh... drank the... drank some... in the fridge. What was that bluoooh
thingggnnhh?" she asked me. My heart skipped a beat, my forehead suddenly
dripping large beads of sweat.
"Oh my... that was supposed to be a surprise, I wanted to tell you about it
tonight" I told her, disappointed that I wouldn't be able to properly
introduce her to it.
"Tell mmmmhheee about wh...what?" she gasped. She looked at her arms which
were turning glossy in front of her eyes. Fascinated but somewhat used to
the transformation, what caught my attention was her hair, which was getting
progressively shorter, something new to me. "Oooohh! James, something's
happening to mmmmeeee! Ch... changing..." she moaned.
"How much did you take, honey?" I asked, curious.
"The whole thing uuugghhh... I was sooooh thirsty!" she revealed. I was
terrified.
"Oh my god! NO! You're only supposed to take a sip!" I blurted out.
"Gggnnnhh... good doll!... What... huh... what does it doooh?" she asked me,
her legs still under her control yet she was spreading them unconsciously.
Her arms still had all her attention as seams started to form out of all of
her limbs. "Mmmhhyy... my body...fucktoy... chan..." she said, slurring her
speech more and more, unable to finish her sentences coherently. "Gggod! My
head feels so...FUCK ME!... uuunngghh!" she blurted out obscenities.
The high gloss now covered her body completely and I could see her skin
complete its transformation into latex as the blemishes and freckles
disappeared underneath the shine, her skin's color turning to uniform
flesh-colored rubber.
"It's supposed to turn you into a love doll, made of latex. Inflatable
too..." I told her as much as I could as rapidly as I could seeing as she was
going through more dramatic changes faster than any of my previous plastic
girlfriends.
"Inflatable? Latex? Make owner happy?" she repeated from my list of features,
looking at her body. I was scratching my head at what she said last just as
the shiny material became the only thing her now artificial body was made of.
"Yes. It's fun, you'll see" I tried to lighten up the mood, yet still
horrified at the quantity she had ingested in such a short lapse. I wondered
how that would affect her transformation.
As if on queue, changes I had never seen before went through Beverly's body.
Her waist cinched inward dramatically, losing four dress sizes easily. The
long brown locks that used to tickle the small of her back had shortened to
her neck and kept getting even shorter. She pulled on her hair, trying to
see it but failed as it wouldn't reach her line of sight, too short now.
Giving up on her hair, she looked at her free hands and saw that every digit
save for her thumbs joined together, melting together into a single smooth
mitten of inflated latex._

_"Oh mmmmhhh... my hhhaands! James uuugghhh... I want your cum so bad! JAMES!" she freaked, losing her fingers yet unaware of her obscene speech.
Remembering Natalie, I watched her feet as she stepped out of her shoes to
see the same thing happen to her toes, turning her feet into vulgar,
air-filled rubber socks as they melted together. "Tooohh tight! The ppp...
the pressure uunnngggh!" she groaned as I saw her face suddenly swell. Her
head inflated in front of my eyes, soon absorbing her neck as it took a more
spherical shape by the second.
It seemed as if the liquid had changed her body to the core, transforming her
into even more of a doll than her predecessors. While my previous
girlfriends had turned mostly into rubber copies of themselves, keeping their
womanly features, Beverly was turning into much more of a doll than a woman.
Her nose disappeared into the ballooning head of my new lover, becoming a
machine-printed feature on her smooth, round face. Having lost her teeth in
the process, I watched her mouth turn next as her tongue disappeared into the
pink rubber that coated everything past her lips.
"Good mmmh plastic fucktoy!... ooohhh... Make love to dolly... cum inside me!
NO, Jaaaammmes!!!" she panicked at her newfound sensations. "What's happened to meeee?!! MY HEAD!" she patted it with her rubber paddle hands, pushing on it slightly. The plastic gave way as she applied pressure on her inflated
head._

_Moaning, she suddenly turned her attention to me. Gasping out one more orgasm, she looked at me as her pretty hazel brown eyes became one more
feature on her printed face. The last of her human features disappeared as well when her hair completely vanished, leaving a shorter, printed version of her hairdo on her spherical, inflated head. "Ch...ch... I... I look so cheap!" she stuttered with her mouth sac as she saw her reflection in the TV.
"I'll fix this!" I lied, thinking of the two deflated lovelies in my closet.
"Turn me back, James!" she pleaded. "Turn me back and fuck dolly's ass, please! Oooooh, no!" she said desperately. "Only... aaagghhh... sex!
Pleasure doll! Turn me back, James! Please! Sexdoll oooh... fucktoy!
Fuckdoll! Fuck doll? Please?" she begged me, far gone.
"Oh my, Beverly! I'm so sorry!" I almost cried, damning the hard-on she was
giving me.
"UUuunnngghh ooooh!" she groaned as the last of the changes took her, growing
a clear air valve out of her back, leaving me the choice of what state I
prefered her in. "So sorry? OOooooh! Owner is sad? Beverly dolly makes owner
happy!" she said in a slightly squeaky voice. Her mind seemed to be
preoccupied simply by the needs of a doll._

_As if regaining control of her body like a possessed person, I saw Beverly's personality resurface one last time as she wrapped her legs around mine and hugged me tightly in her artificial arms. "James! IT'S AAaaggghhh... ME, BEVERLY!" she clarified, aware that she was starting to show two personalities. She grabbed me by the collar and uttered her last words. "Please, James! FUCK ME! I swear I'll make you happy!" she said feverishly before releasing her grip on me, falling immobile on the floor in her loose clothes. Her legs spread on their own while her arms bent forward
I reasoned that she had enjoyed the process and would simply change back
after a sufficient amount of time. My guilt gone, I grabbed my girlfriend from the floor and put her on the couch. After a minute of being fascinated by her different shape, I undressed both I and the doll before driving my hard shaft into her latex pussy.
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
"And that was the end of my short relationship with Blow-up Beverly. I left her inflated for over a week, hoping she'd turn back..." James said sadly. "Now I can just hope she's happy as a fucktoy" he told the deflated, shapeless form of his current girlfriend.
