---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Three Broken Rules
authors:
- Rupes
tags:
- F/m
- M/f
- D/s
- leather
- tease
- boots
- jacket
- cuffs
- strip
- naked
- cage
- oral
- mast
- denial
- climax
- femdom
- cons
- X
date: 2014-08-20 00:00:00
---

I am not saying if this is a true story or not, I will let the readers make up their own minds.

My form tutor had asked something that morning about helping the drama department with set building, getting ready for the school play that was going ahead in the coming weeks. I had not really paid much attention other than being vaguely aware of what was going on. At this time I had just turned 18 and being in the upper sixth form, a prefect no less, I had lots of time on my hands. Being a prefect at this particular school you were expected to help out the staff with break times and keeping order in the corridors, as a thank you for this we were treated with access to the staff room, and the coffee was bottom less, this was quite a help as most of the time, most of us were a bit worse for wear!

I had been teamed up with a female member of staff, and the two of us had become quite good friends. Her name (for the sake of the story) was Vicki. Vicki was in her very early thirties and being a drama teacher was a bit eccentric. She would often dress in quite sexy clothes but always in such a way that she did not attract too much attention to herself. A great example of this were the boots that she was wearing today, they were clearly thigh boots, but were suede and she had teamed it with a demure denim dress. The result was that if you looked closely, it was possible to see her as sex symbol, however if you past her in the corridor she would not draw a second glance.

After working with her through lunchtimes for the best part of three terms we had talked about a lot of stuff and would often speak on the phone a couple of times a week in the evenings. As far as I was concerned, yeah I fancied her a bit but neither of us ever crossed that line between teacher and student. Today Vicki was telling me about the lack of support the drama department was getting with this play. The play had been written by Vicki when she was at school many years before. It was loosely based around pirates.

I knew that I had plans that night with a girl from my form, so explained that I was very sorry but I could not help her tonight, but I would try and find time the following day. The following day Vicki had called in sick, so I had managed to buy another night off, and the following day was Friday so I thought there would be no way that Vicki would come back in for one day. I safely assumed that I could start looking forward to the weekend and would try to make some time Monday evening to help out the department.

Friday morning, just walking through the school gates I saw Vicki’s little Peugeot pulling into the car park. I casually walked over as she was getting out. I asked her if she was ok and feeling better, she looked a bit confused and then said, “oh yes, will catch you up at lunch, I’m already late for my staff meeting” she grabbed her stuff and threw her jacket over her arm. As always I noticed what she was wearing today she had on a quite tight denim skirt, just above her knees. Black boots, a purple satin blouse and the jacket that she threw over her arm was leather. I had never seen this jacket before, but then the season was just changing to autumn so I guessed she must have bought it over the summer. Again the overall impression was demure but edgy.

That morning I found I was thinking of her constantly which was unusual. Something about the thought of leather on her, was tirelessly distracting me. Time seemed to drag by until finally the lunch bell went and I headed off to meet up with her for our lunchtime duties. The head teacher would assign us a different place to monitor each day, something about keeping the students on their toes and I guess, not allowing the staff to get complacent. On this day we were given the field patrol. This our favourite patrol as we both smoked so we could slope off into the cross country course and have a sneaky smoke without being found out. I was also hoping that I could get to see Vicki in the jacket that had me so distracted all morning.

We headed off via the staff room to grab coffee. I thought the game was up as Vicki headed out the door with no signs of her picking up anything other than coffee. We were heading down the corridor when she suddenly thrust her coffee into my hands and said “be right back I forgot my coat, and I wanted to show you it”. She trotted off her small but pointed heels clipping up the corridor. I waited for a few minutes. A couple of first year students were acting up outside and I had to intervene, as always it was over something mind-numbingly trivial.

After returning a hidden pen I was suddenly aware of Vicki behind me. Turning around I was rendered speechless. Vicki was stood there, and she looked amazing the best I had ever seen her, she was glowing. It was a fitted biker jacket made of obviously new, think leather, it had studs on the shoulders and was such a flattering fit. It made her waist look tiny, not that it was big, but the shape. I stuttered some words out, Vicki just chuckled, smiled warmly and calmly stated “you like, huh?”, just about managing to get out a “you bet ya” and we headed off towards the bottom of the field.

We never really talked about clothes and suchlike, but after five minutes of walking we were at the bottom of the field, Vicki pulled out her pack of cigarettes and offered one to me. She then struck her lighter and lit my cigarette. She lit her own and took a long deep drag as if she had been waiting. She blew the smoke out slowly and clearly in my direction, and said, “So, what do you think about my new jacket, makes me look sexy?”

I looked at her, she was biting her bottom lip as if suddenly startled by her words and worried about my reaction. I smiled at her and said, “Vicki we have never made personal comments, and I apologise in advance if I am crossing a line, but you look fantastic.”

She smiled, “Glad you like it, it’s real here smell” she lifted her arm. I got closer and smelled the unmistakeable scent of new leather, like black cherries. Mixed with her perfume the effect was obvious to see. “Looks like you do like it” she said with quite a chuckle.

We talked for the next 45 minutes or so, it turns out she was not ill the previous day, she had a phone call from someone informing her that they had posted out her package, she simply stated “I had to wait in all day for it”, something you would not want the neighbours to take in. Walking up back towards the school she coolly said “now about the drama project…” she knew damn well she could have asked me anything and I would have come running. I just heard myself agreeing to help her out the whole weekend, and her response, “Great, I’ll meet you in the drama room after school, and we can get stuck in!” coyly adding, “if your good I’ll wear my jacket as it obviously like me in it…”

Needless to say the rest of the day dragged like you would not believe. I already was living in a small flat that I paid for by working a few evenings and I had a generous allowance from my parents so had no one waiting at home that would miss me.

3:30pm the bell rang out the end of school, I grabbed my stuff from the physics lab where my final lesson was and was out the door quicker than a lucky Schrodinger’s cat coming out the box. When I got there the class was still filing out. I could her Vicki shouting about their homework trying to be heard of the din of 14 year olds rushing home to start their weekends.

The drama room was an odd, but tranquil place. The School dated back to the 18th century. The drama room was like any classroom, with the exception of being located entirely within the building so there were no windows. The whole room inside was painted matt black, this was Vicki’s full time teaching room. At our school the teachers stayed in one room and the pupils moved around from lesson to lesson. The scent of new leather and Vicki’s perfume was very evident here. At the far end was a small stage made from heavy wooden boxes. Sat on it were various bits of scenery. Mostly painted to look like a pirate ship, a dessert island was sat in the opposite far corner.

Vicki smiled at me, “You like what we have done so far?”

I said, “Sure, what is left to do?”

Vicki replied, “Not much, we have one more scene to set up for when the heroine is captured, cigarette before we get going?”

“Ok, you twisted my arm,” I said.

She grabbed her jacket, “You sure you can cope?” she teased with a wink.

Outside, I gave her one of my cigarettes, and we hid outside between two buildings, it was quite secluded so the risk of being discovered was pretty slim. The gap between the buildings was pretty small, so we were huddled quite closely she was sat on a low wall facing me, she had her legs crossed. She had a habit of circling her foot as some girls do when they sit with their legs crossed, normally I did not notice, but today, it was driving me crazy just watching her boot moving around and around, it was quite intoxicating. All I could smell was perfume and leather, oh my god, what the hell is happening all I can think of is this amazing woman in front of me.

We were just about finishing up when we heard someone walking close by, Vicki threw her cigarette quickly behind the wall, and rushed past me, in such a small space she had to turn to face me, and our bodies touched as she moved quickly past, she stopped right in front of me for a brief second, “My my, you really do like me” another wink and then she was standing on the path.

She turned and shouted my name, ‘WTF’ I thought, she continued shouting, “I’ve told you before about smoking in school!”

At this point a very stern old teacher walked right past, he would have caught both of us if she had not been so quick witted. She continued, “You can’t smoke on school property, get to my room for an after school detention.”

I walk out, the other teacher looks and asked her if she is ok. She grabs me roughly by the arm and we head off in the direction of the drama room. She slams the door behind us, and leans up to it with her back. I turn and look over and she is laughing so much. “Did you see the look on his face, I really thought we were for it then!” she said struggling to get the words out over her laughter. This is a whole new side of her, quite a rebellious side.

She slides her jacket off, and slips it over the chair. “Be right back, I have to pop down to the metal work lab to pick up a prop,” she says, she turns and heads out the door. I walk over and sit at the desk. After about thirty seconds curiosity got the better of me. I picked up her jacket and held it close, the intoxicating smell, and the cool smooth leather. I had to put it on. I was slightly larger than Vicki but not so much that it would not fit me. It felt amazing, her scent mixed with the leather I was in heaven, until the door opened.

“I knew it!” she said, I must have looked like a rabbit in the headlights, I could feel the hairs on the back of my neck standing up, I had visions of being expelled. I had clearly crossed the line. “How dare you touch my property!” she said in a very stern voice. Then she smiled warmly and said, “It does look good on you.”

I started to calm down, she went over to a box in the corner and said, “I forgot to grab something”.

I sat down silently, she walked back over to me. I did not see what she pulled from the box. “Stand up”, she ordered, “I want to see how it looks”, “turn around, stop” I had my back to her, she ran her hands down over the studded shoulders, “Mmm” she muttered, “put your arms out to the side.”

I unquestioningly did as she asked. “Now put your arms hand in hand behind you, I want to see what it looks like” I did as she asked, she walked up behind me. “You know…” she whispered and continued slowly, “if you want to wear I for a while longer, I really do have to go and get a prop from the metal work department”.

The next thing I feel is her holding my hand, then I hear some clicks and feel something cold, “You know” she said softly, “these are maximum security handcuffs, the key is safely on my necklace, I will be back in a few minutes… enjoy!” She headed for the door, and before I could say anything she was gone, the door was shut and I heard her lock it.

What a curious feeling, I was scared, after all, I am alone in a locked classroom wearing a female teacher’s jacket with maximum security handcuffs locked tightly behind my back. I was so excited, I had always wanted to try out some handcuffs, but I thought they would be cheap toy ones. These were clearly heavy, secure, and tight. I could feel that there was no chain between them, but a sort of hinged solid arrangement. Movement was very difficult, sitting down was uncomfortable. As I moved everything was getting me aroused. I was getting hot, how long had she been gone. I panicked and really struggled, but there was simply no give in them at all. I heard some loud clattering outside the door. My mind was racing, ‘Oh my god what if it’s the cleaners’ I thought, how the hell would I explain this!

I heard a key in the door, panicking I ran onto the stage and hid behind the mock ship. The door opened and I heard a trolley coming in, loudly clattering. I heard the door close and the lock click. I waited for at least a minute before I poked my head up just enough to see Vicki stood there looking directly at me smirking. I relaxed and came out from my hiding space. “Ok..” I said, “let me out before someone finds us.”

“Relax, it’s Friday, the staff all jumped in their cars and sprayed the place with gravel at least an hour ago,” she said still chuckling to herself.

She went to her desk draw and retrieved what looked like a small key, thinking it odd as she told me the key was on her necklace, I looked closely at her necklace and could see it was a thick silver band with quite an intricate looking key hanging in the middle, she flipped her hair forward and fiddled with the second key behind her neck, ‘click’, she put a small padlock on the desk and the necklace hinged in two and came away from her neck. It was locked on, my mind was racing. I was so excited, here before me was someone who, ok, I fancied a bit a for a while but it would seem that she is more kinky than me, and the more kinky she looked and acted the more I was infatuated by her.

She slid the key off and walked behind me. Without warning she grabbed the cuffs in the middle and twisted them slightly, just enough to cause a little pain. In a stern but soft voice she said, “I have had my eye on you for some time, my kink-dar went off when I saw you, I had a feeling you had a streak in you, now here is what is going to happen, in a minute I am going to take off your handcuffs. But first I want to tell you that about 6 months ago I split up with my boyfriend, he could not stand my kinky side. So I picked you. Now you are going to replace him, and I warn you I can be quite persistent.”

I started to stammer “bu-bua” what the hell the words simply would not come out.

“Don’t say anything” she held her finger up to my lips. “I want a sign” she continued, “on my desk is my steel collar, if you want to be with me, all you have to do is put the collar on and fasten it with the padlock. I want you to think carefully about it. I am going out for a cigarette, make your choice and meet me outside, if your wearing the collar I will assume you agree, if not things go back to just how they were, deal?”

Still stammering a bit I said “ er you erm, go. I will erm …”

“Ok” she said and headed out the door. I knew exactly which way this was going to go. I slipped out of her jacket, ran over to the desk, slipped the collar on and quickly slid the padlock in and locked it, the click rang through the air. I grabbed her jacket and chased after her. “Hey Vicki”, I shouted, “you forgot your jacket.”

She stopped in her tracks, spun on her heels looked at my neck. “You forgot your jacket, what? …”

“erm” I said slightly confused

“You forgot your jacket ….. Mistress” she said in a stern voice. “When you wear that collar, I am your mistress” she told me quite matter of factly.

“Ok” I said.

“OK WHAT?”

“OK Mistress”.

“Now back to the room”, she slid her finger through the collar and lead me back in to the dark room. She grabbed the handcuffs and without fuss put them on me tightly, this time with my palms out, but again behind my back, really tightly. “Come on, it’s dark outside”, she slipped her jacket over my shoulders, checking this would just about cover the handcuffs, she led me outside making a point of throwing both the collar and handcuff keys back in to the room.

We shared a cigarette, once finished she took it from my lips, threw I on the floor and carefully, deliberately, stood on it with the tip of her heel. She grabbed the front of the jacket, pulled me roughly into her and kissed me with a passion that I had never felt before. The moment lingered on for what seemed like an hour but could have only been seconds. “There, that’s pretty much all the rules broken now” she said, and then continued, “I can only think of three more”. I really was not sure what that was supposed to mean.

Her face softened and she put her arm around the jacket, she slipped her hand underneath just enough to grab the handcuffs gently, as if she needed to feel them, just to know they were there. We got back to the room and again she locked the door. She walked towards me and started to do up the zip of the jacket, trapping my arms at my side. She then moved towards the large covered contraption on the trolley, she grabbed the sheet and pulled. It was a tall narrow cage, made from some solid steel bar stock. On one side there was a large lock with a key hanging out. She unlocked the door and opened it with a slight squeak. She beckoned me towards it with her finger. I knew where I had to go.

She undid the jacket, and to my surprise she also unlocked one of the handcuffs. I stood in the middle of the cage which was a very tight fit, as it had obviously been designed for the size 4 heroine of the play! Vicki grabbed my cuffed hand and pulled it up above my head through a large loop welded in the top of the cage, she then pulled up my other hand and slowly closed the open cuff around my wrist, “There, can you get out?”

I pulled and wriggled but there was no way out. She looked, clicked both cuffs another full three clicks each and then put the complicated key in and turned it 90’ the other way, “There, double locked!” she said pleased with herself. I was still looking at the open door with Vicki stood in front of me. She undid my belt, slid down my trousers and removed my socks and shoes. She threw them in the corner and then crouched down in front of me. Slowly as if she was unwrapping a Christmas present she pulled down my underwear. “Ohh that’s good, your mistress is pleased.” She closed and locked the door, my penis now pointing clearly out through the bars.

She slowly walked back to her desk, put the keys in the top drawer, she slowly took off her blouse, the purple satin sliding slowly off her shoulders onto the floor. The skirt was next, to my surprise and pleasure, she was not wearing any underwear. She was stood in front of me naked except her boots. Her breasts were perfect about a c cup, but perfect shape. Her waist nipped in exactly as it should. She had just the nicest legs and bum I had ever seen, how the hell was she single? Her last boyfriend must have been a moron.

She slid on her jacket leaving it open so that her breasts were just visible, “You like?” she said like a school girl.

“Yes very much, Mistress is a goddess” I said.

“You will go far with compliments like that!” she walked over, accentuating her natural sway, wiggling her bum. She drew up level with the cage, again crouched down and without any warning took me in her mouth after a few minutes of her gentle teasing and sucking she stopped, “the first of the three remaining rules, never blow a student”, she continued, getting faster and taking it deeper, faster and deeper, I could feel my orgasm growing, and growing, to the point where I thought I was sure to explode.

She stopped, grabbing the tip hard, preventing my orgasm. I pulled and thrashed with all my might but the handcuffs did not budge. My thrashing seemed to excite her, I could see her hand was between her legs and the other was under her jacket playing with her breast, she started moaning, she stuck her breast through the bars, “bite me” “hurt me” “suck me” “urgh urgh urgh” “”arrrrhghghhg” she was shaking for a good minute after she fell quiet.

She unlocked the cage, unlocked the handcuffs and again fastened them behind my back. She walked over to the desk, sweeping off everything onto the floor, she bent over double across the top, face first and spread her legs out to the corners. I walked up behind her, and deciding to take a chance slipped right into her. She was clearly excited and this was clearly what she wanted. I heard her whisper, “rule number two, never let a student fuck you over your desk” “harder” “harder” “you dare come without my permission” “oh my god” “harder, faster, harder hardd……” “whooo whooo whoooo arrrghhh” she clearly came hard.

Recovering quick enough to order, “Stop and withdraw” before I had chance to finish. I suddenly thought something was wrong or that she had come to her senses, or worse she had heard someone outside. Vicky calmly unlocked the handcuffs. Then to my surprise unlocked the collar and removed it.

She was turning it over in her hands, I was really starting to panic now. I thought that’s it, the best thing ever and it’s going to stop. To my surprise she slowly raised the collar up to her own neck, and clicked the padlock slowly into it.

She took from her top draw some much larger cuffs, she walked to the edge of the desk, slipped the cuffs through the legs and locked them tightly around her ankles over her boots. She then tossed me the keys, bent back over the desk backwards, put a hand in the handcuffs, she slipped the other through the steel frame of the desk and locked it around her other wrist tightly. She was biting her lip, “Double lock them and toss the keys out the way” she said nervously.

“What would you like me to do?” I asked innocently.

“Fuck me” she said, “hard”. I started to walk over to her, I knew now that she must like both being in charge and being submissive, what a catch.

I tried to act calmly and collected walking over and making a point of checking all the cuffs, double locking them all. I slowly caress her breasts and then started to play with her clit. Just when she started to moan I’d stop. After about the fourth time, she was obviously getting really frustrated and she thrashed around in her chains just as I had.

“What are you?” I asked her in a stern voice.

“A slut who needs to be taught a lesson master” she said meekly.

I roughly entered her and began pumping away at her. It was not long before she was showing the signs of a building orgasm. I could also feel mine building “Don’t you dare come until I tell you bitch” I ordered. “yeess M-m-master”, “mmmmmmm” “mmmmm” I could feel that I was about to explode inside her, “Now bitch, now!”.

She was just making guttural noises, followed by a whimper then more of a scream, then I felt her muscles tighten, I could feel my explosion inside her. She was now shaking and babbling. Still pumping my juice into her she was now shaking quite badly. I finished, slowed, and pulled out, I stood back and there was clearly a large wet patch on the floor where she had come hard. She could still not speak just still breathless noises. I slowly covered her up by doing up her jacket a little, she was still naked from the waist down and chained firmly to the desk.

I lay gently on top of her, and just caught the words whispered from her lips, “I think I love you”.

I held her firmly and whispered back, “I think I love you too Vicki”

“Rule 3”, she whispered, “Never fall in love with a pupil”.

As I said at the top of the story that was 17 years ago. What I did not say is that, they have been the happiest 17 years of my life. 15 of which we have now been married. We are still very much in love and still indulge our kinky habits. I dropped out of school and went to college instead. The school never did find out.

But the best bit was the drunken night when we told our friends, obviously we did not go into details, we had always told them that we went to school together. But when we eventually revealed that Vicki was a teacher and that we had sex after school in the drama room the look on their faces was priceless.
