---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/test.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Test
authors:
- natalea
tags:
- M/f
- F/f
- bdsm
- bond
- slave
- toys
- cons
- XX
date: 2005-04-17 00:00:00
---

The Test by natalea e-mail natalea01@hotmail.com
This is dedicated to the One who found me and made me what I am today.

The old hotel is filled with things of the past, richly decorated in
ways newer ones can't be.  Plush carpeting, marble entries, velvet
drapes, chandeliers, huge vases of flowers all in Victorian style. 
A sweeping staircase to the upper floor leads to her room with its grand
tester bed, claw foot tub and heavy satin chaise.  Sumptuous velvet
and satin bedding invites her in but she has other things that call to
her.  At the vanity, she carefully reapplies her lipstick and with
a final check in the gilded mirror sets out for her favorite place, The
Library.  
 
It isn't so much a library in the more common sense of the word used
today but much more in the traditional sense of days gone by.  Down
the sweeping stairs with her heels clicking on the polished marble floor
she is aware of the heads turning.  Her dark hair swept away from
her face, waves cascading down her back, she is dressed in a plum suit
with her favorite Cuban heeled stockings and 5" burgundy heels.  She
is always aware of the way people look at her, how the men watch her as
she moves fluidly through space, the women stare, some in awe, some in
jealousy, and laughs to herself.  
 
She has worked long and hard to make this impression and she relishes
every little glance without seeming to notice.  If they only knew
what was really under the suit and how long it took to get here. 
She is never without her corset and even now it squeezes her strictly into
place, she wears no blouse under the suit allowing her bound breasts to
be pushed high into the plunging neckline of the suit jacket, nipples brushing
the fabric with each step.  She is aware of the stockings pulled high
by the 10 garters into her bare cunt lips, the plug fucking her ass and
the ropes tightly through her cunt pinching her clit, she loves these feelings.
 
She steps into the library, the smell of the wood fire and rich aromas
of cigars and scotch fill her senses.  She loves this masculine place. 
Choosing a leather chair by the fire, she sits alone.  The waitress
brings her amaretto in a brandy snifter, they know her here.  She
swirls the amber liquid in the glass and breaths deeply of the wonderful
smell before taking a sip.  Crossing her legs, she settles in to watch
the people.  She squeezes her legs together, feels the pinch, the
need, spreading through her body like wildfire.
 
She stares dreamily into the fire for a moment thinking of how she
got here, thinking of the One who molded and shaped her, tested and pushed
her.  She thinks of the punishment received for having bare legs,
just a simple thing to have not done, yet still a crucial one in His mind. 
It is a mistake she will not make again.  A movement to her right
brings her back to the present; the waitress offers her a cigarette. 
Reaching for the lighter on the silver tray, a hand covers the waitresses
and slips the silver lighter out of it.  A warm masculine voice says
"Thank You".  A smile slips over her lips, He's here her mind whispers,
warmth spreads over her again, filling her and igniting the fire deep inside
her loins. She puts the cigarette to her lips, head down but eyes rising
to see Him. He towers over her; she inhales deeply then slowly, sensuously,
lets the smoke slip from her lips, "Good Evening Master".
 
"Good evening My slut" He says, blue eyes shining brightly.  He
takes her hand gently; she rises effortlessly and is immediately encased
in His strong arms.  His mouth seizes hers, their tongues caressing
each other as His hands roam His property, feeling the tightness of the
corset, slipping down her waist to feel the garters.  He feels the
curve of her ass and pats it once firmly, she moans into Him and He moves
away.  She is somewhat dreamy as He takes His seat next to hers, thinking
only of falling to her knees and pleasuring Him, when He instructs her
to sit.  She smiles devilishly and lowers herself, being sure to give
Him a nice view of His hard tits as she does.  Apparently another
gentleman has noticed this view and smiles at her as well; she winks and
focuses her attention on her Master.
 
A nod to the waitress and His drink is ordered.  She quietly tells
Him someone else is watching her now.  When the waitress brings His
drink, another Amaretto in a snifter...they do have such lovely matching
tastes, He instructs the waitress to send a drink to the gentleman at the
bar with His compliments.  She resumes smoking her cigarette with
added care to her posture and demeanor, sexy, sultry...wanton even, she
tries to exude as much sexuality possible, but really doesn’t even have
to try any longer, and she has been trained well.  She loves to be
watched and He loves to have her watched, He has recreated her solely for
pleasure.  She crosses her legs again, the wrap skirt shifting just
enough to reveal the garters and the place where her thighs meet, she looks
to Him as if to ask should she change it, He reads her instantly and with
a quiet half smile says "No My slut, let him enjoy the view."
 
She settles back a little and begins bouncing her foot ever so lightly,
that one small little movement becomes a huge reminder of Him as the plug
begins to work inside her. He smiles as He watches her, knowing what is
happening, "That's it my slut, feel it, let it build."  She is tightening
around the plug, her foot working a little more now, she picks up the snifter
gently, her long nails shining as her slender fingers swirl the Amaretto
again, she loves the delicious smell and thinks of it on warm skin...would
Master like its taste on her warm skin...she smiles and continues to bounce
her foot.  She knows her Master is watching intently, studying her
movements and her face, searching her eyes for the feelings He feeds off
of.  He wants her to enjoy the feelings.  
 
She shifts a little in her chair, forcing the plug in even more, she
wants so badly to grind her hips but this isn’t the place, she knows how
to cum in public without showing it to the untrained eye.  Laying
her head back a little she exposes her neck, longing for His teeth and
gently places the glass on the small table next to her.  Her hands
grips  the arms of the leather chair, feeling its suppleness, breathing
deep for its scent, this fire inside her growing.  "Enjoying little
one?" He asks.  Breathlessly she answers "Yes Master".  His voice
is like fuel to her, each word from His lips spurring her onward. 
"Feel that plug in My ass, feel the stockings, squeeze My cunt."  
She begins to get lost in the feelings, so many swirling inside her now;
passion, need, lust, burning her from inside.  She closes her eyes.
 
"Thank You for the drink" a deep voice says.  Momentary panic
grips her, her eyes fly open, she tries to remain calm, Master is here.
she tells herself and relaxes a little.  She uncrosses her legs and
re-crosses them, again the slit showing her garters and resumes bouncing
her foot.  A smile comes to her lips as her Master chats with the
gentleman. They seem to know each other.  "And who is your pretty
lady friend, Stephen?" he asks.  "This is My slut, Lily."  
He replies.  So they do know each other!  He steps over and takes
her hand in his and kisses it.  "Very nice to meet you at last, I
have heard so much about you."  She smiles as the questions fill her
mind.  Who is he, what has her Master told him.  "Thank You Sir"
she manages.  He turns back to her Master, "My girl will be along
shortly."  
 
So this isn’t a chance meeting, it was planned, how exciting. 
"Slut, My friend Paul has been watching you; would you like to tell Him
what you are doing?"  A million responses cross her mind "Sir, i am
enjoying the plug in Master's ass."  Her nipples harden even more
at this admission to a total stranger.  Her face flushed, lips trembling
as she lets the feelings catch up with her, she concentrates on her master's
eyes.  The men are talking again; low words hum in her ears. 
They are watching her for any sign of impending orgasm.  She shifts
in her seat, fingers sliding along the leather arm of the chair; she loves
the feel of leather.  She begins to rock her ass in the seat, trying
to force the plug in farther. 
 
Laying her head against the back of the chair, she arches her back
slightly, shaking her shoulders a little to feel the fabric on her nipples. 
"Squeeze" He whispers.  She tightens around the plug in her ass, forcing
the ropes to pinch more.  Her nipples stand out noticeably now...her
eyes close, lips part as the fire beings to overpower her.  "You have
30 seconds slut."  She is aware of her bareness at this moment, electricity
attached to His words focuses her and she wills the fire to consume her. 
The wetness in her cunt, the ache to be fucked there, stocking tops slide
almost imperceptibly but rub those cunt lips, ropes pinching, plug fucking,
she forces the sensations to build, melding into one erotic, hot desire. 
"15 seconds slut, if you don't I will grab you by the hair and force you
to your knees and bury your face in MY crotch right here in front of everyone"
He hisses...god how that turns her on...and the fire finally does consume
her.  As His last words are fading from her mind the orgasm is exploding
within her.
 
Her hands grip the arms of the chair, she stiffens and straightens
in her chair, chin down, face flushed.  She is panting and looking
intently at her Master.  Her foot no longer bouncing now but shaking
at the strain with which she is squeezing her legs together; her lips close,
a low throaty growl comes forth, softly but intensely.  "Yes MY slut"
He growls back "Very nicely done".  "Thank You Master" she says in
a silky voice full of her desire for Him, a sly smile appears as she relaxes
back into the chair, knowing full well this is not the end.
 
She reaches for her cigarette and, of course, finds it has burned away
while the orgasm was burning her.  Seeing her need, Paul offers her
one of His own, she hesitantly looks to her Master, seeing Him nod she
thanks Him.  She reaches for the offered cigarette.  It suddenly
is withdrawn, she looks to Paul with questioning eyes, He simply looks
at the floor.  Can He mean He wants her on her knees to receive the
cigarette?  Certainly Master would not allow this.  Pushing the
questions out of her mind she quietly slips to her knees, lowers her eyes
and thanks Him again for the cigarette.  With a little tremble in
her hand, she raises it to her lips, He lights it.  "She really is
lovely Stephen, and I do like this view best, please return to your seat,
Lily."  She carefully rises to her feet finds her chair behind her
and sits.  Stealing a nervous glance at Master reveals His smile and
she knows He is pleased.
 
The men resume their conversation while she tries to relax.  She
lets her eyes wander the Library, watching the occupants in their conversations
and the waitresses attending the customers.  The Library is thankfully
somewhat empty this evening, only two other couples engrossed in themselves,
a pair of gentlemen playing chess, and a few assorted singles at the bar
preening for each other.  Scanning the room again she spies a petite,
dark haired woman silently slip in the leaded glass door from the lobby. 
She is a tiny thing, wearing a white delicate lace dress, a little above
the knee, bare tanned legs and simple white flats. She stands in the dimly
lit doorway her eyes obviously searching for someone.  Their eyes
meet for a brief moment and light of recognition blooms on her face. 
Quietly she approaches, her body a silhouette against the soft lighting,
her curves nicely defined, breasts small but pert.  This must be his
girl.
 
The dark haired girl moves quietly around Paul's chair, drops silently
to her knees, eyes down, before Him.  She speaks not a word only waits
to be acknowledged.  How graceful she is, so unassuming.  Her
Master places His hands on her shoulders and kisses the top of her head.  
He whispers something only she can hear and then both she and Paul are
rising, He holding one hand as she ascends.  "Stephen this is my jewel,
Andrea"  Stephen rises "Very pleased to meet you Andrea, may I present
my slut, Lily" from the edge of her chair, she nods "i am so glad you could
join us, Andrea, very nice to meet you" but Andrea does not reply. "You
may be seated, my jewel." 
 
Lily studies the girl before her; she looks to be about her same age,
very quiet. Deep mahogany eyes and raven hair without a trace of makeup
on her flawless skin and thick lashes framing those beautiful eyes, she
is radiant.  She is obviously of Latin decent but so very tiny. 
Lily tries to meet her eyes but they are forever just slightly lowered. 
She is so reverent in His presence, her training obviously different from
her own.  "I think they will look quite nice together" Stephen says. 
This gets Lily's attention.  What could they possibly have in mind
for us?  She turns quickly to ask Him, questions written all over
her face, old fears welling up inside her, but the look on His face stops
her cold.  He is smiling but something about it says "Don't even think
of asking".
 
"Slut, Paul and I have some things to prepare for you and Andrea. 
Meet us in Our room in 20 minutes, do NOT be late." Stephen says as He
stands His blue eyes boring through her.  She nods "Yes Master" her
excitement showing openly on her face.  "You may have one drink, Andrea,
while you get to know Lily." Paul says.  The men glace at each other
and turn for the door, leaving the women in uncomfortable silence.
 
"I wonder what their plans are for us" Lily whispers, glancing at her
watch.  Andrea just shakes her head, her silence confusing Lily. 
Is she allowed to speak?  Is she nervous?  "What would you like
to drink, Andrea?" 
 
"A screwdriver, please" she says, voice like silk.
 
Lily motions to the waitress and places the order.  "I've never
'played' with another couple before, have you?"
 
"Yes a few times, Paul likes me to dominate other women" Andrea answers,
staring at her hands in her lap.
 
Lily feels her face flush, she has never imagined being dominated by
another woman and was definitely not expecting it to happen anytime soon. 
She checks her watch again, only 5 minutes have passed.  Andrea's
drink arrives.  "Please charge these to the room, as usual and add
yourself a nice tip."
 
"Oh, Stephen has already taken care of the tip." she replies with a
mysterious smile and walks away.
 
"That man thinks of everything!" Lily giggles.
 
Andrea looks up for the first time as the drink touches her full lips,
her eyes meeting Lily's, there is definitely a connection there. 
Although Lily has trouble imagining Andrea dominating other women, she
feels a power emanating from her, quiet and dark.  
 
They stare at each other for a long moment, each trying to read the
other.  Andrea's gaze never breaks and it is finally Lily, somewhat
red faced and fidgety who finally lowers her eyes.  She is feeling
the desire grow in her again and shifts uncomfortably in her chair. 
She never would have guessed this unassuming quiet woman would have made
her break that way.  "Do you enjoy dominating other women? she asks.
 
"I enjoy the taking of another, building the passion, making them hold
position until I choose to allow them pleasure.  I enjoy the emotionality
of other women, watching the desire, rise to the surface, threatening to
break, and forcing it to sustain until I decide to allow it to wash over
them."   Andrea's voice is hypnotic and Lily's body responds
to her words, nipples hardening again, imagining what it would be like
to succumb to Her will, it reminds her of the power Stephen holds over
her.
 
Lily checks her watch again.  Can she wait another 10 minutes
with this woman without the desire burning inside her finally consuming
her?  She thinks not.  A change has come over Andrea, she isn’t
the quiet, unassuming woman who walked in here just a short while ago,
she has transformed into a smoldering vixen that now rises and comes to
sit next to Lily.  "Wonderful stockings you have on Lily, how many
garters?" she questions as her hand slips over Lily's knee.  "Ten"
she replies, her voice barely above a whisper as the hand probes higher
on her thigh.
 
Instinctively, Lily adjusts herself to allow Andrea's hand easier access. 
Her eyes close as she breathes deeply...willing her to go farther. 
Andrea speaks again, her breath close in Lily's ear "You are so deliciously
warm, Lily, so soft and yielding.  I like that very much.  Imagine
how it will feel when you are unable to move, my hand caressing you this
way."  That does it; Lily is completely there now, imagining all that
could possibly happen between her and Andrea.  She is amazed this
doesn't scare her, she has never really desired to be with another woman,
but as if Stephen knew Andrea would have this effect on her, she gives
in to the feelings and ceases to question.
 
Andrea is purring in her ear now..."Yes you little slut, you like Me
touching you, as I like to touch you.  I can see the creamy flesh
of your breasts, how wonderful it will be to taste them."  Lily lets
out a sigh of pure desire, but her hand is gone now.  "I think it
is time we go, don't you?"  She takes Lily's hand and is leading her
out of the Library.  It feels as if she is floating, still wrapped
up in the desire she has.  When they come to the elevator instead
of the stairs, Lily stops, somewhat confused, “We are taking the elevator."
Andrea says as she squeezes her hand in a sign of control.
 
The brass scrolled elevator doors open, the attendant steps out to
hold the door for them.  With everyone in, Andrea instructs the operator
to the third floor.  As the doors close, Lily leans back against the
wall a little and is then covered by Andrea's body.  Her arms twining
around her, she yields under Andrea's touches.  Andrea's mouth searching
for hers, the kiss she gives probing deep into her.  Hands covering
her breasts now, My god how sweet she tastes.  He must really be enjoying
this show. Lily thinks but the thoughts are gone quickly as she gives herself
to Andrea.
 
The elevator stops, the operator turns and announces "Third Floor,
Ladies" His eyes widen at the scene before him.  Andrea disengages
and takes Lily's hand again.  "Thank You" Andrea says as she floats
past the man with Lily in tow.  Confidently and with purpose, she
leads Lily to the room.  To Lily, the world is a fog; she knows where
she is but can't quite remember how she got here.  Andrea stops before
room 312 and knocks softly.  Stephen answers, "Right on time, wonderful!"
 
Andrea joins the men.  Smiles on animated faces...there is definitely
electricity in the atmosphere.  Still somewhat spacey, Lily leans
against the wall not hearing, only watching and even that is fuzzy to her. 
Movements are in slow motion.  Her mind is reeling with everything
that has happened since her Master left with Paul, it was nothing like
she expected when she first saw Andrea.
 
"Andrea" Master Paul's voice stern “present yourself."  Immediately
Andrea reaches behind her, unzips the dress and lets it fall to the ground. 
Kicking it to the side she falls naked to her knees before him, hands rise
above her head, she lowers her face to the floor and waits.  He begins
to circle her, taking in every inch of her bare form. He speaks softly
to her, too softly for Lily to understand His words.  Andrea draws
in a deep breath; "yes Master" her only words.
 
He walks to the bed, on which, Lily now sees, many restraints are laid. 
Leather straps, arm binders, leg binders, rope and even some nylon webbed
belts all lay out neatly.  For the first time, Lily notices the large
metal frame, dominating one end of the suite.  Lily wonders how she
could have missed this huge object nearly reaching the ceiling.  It
is shaped like a tent frame without a tent, really just a large metal cube
with many eyelets inserted all along the frame and a central beam.
 
"Your turn Slut, present yourself."  her Master's words cut through
her fog.  Hands moving of their own volition, first unbuttoning the
jacket, then the skirt, she stands before Him in corset, stockings, and
heels.  Her bare bound breasts, nipples erect and wanting, ready for
Him.  She is trembling in anticipation.  Stephen crosses to her,
hands claiming her bare flesh as His own, for it is His flesh.  He
squeezes and kneads her breasts, hands unrelenting as He works them. 
Sharp stinging slaps, she gasps, fingers pinching, twisting nipples to
full erectness.  He leans into her, mouth inches from her own, "Ready
for the clamps, slut?"  Breathless she nods, "Yes, Master" 
 
Fire erupts first in her right nipple, then the left.  Her breath
comes fast and hot as she tries to mentally will the pain away.  His
arms slip around her, crushing her to Him, clamps biting even harder into
the tender nipples.  She moans loudly as His mouth covers hers, eyes
closing, she lives for these kisses, tongues dancing together, searching. 
She feels the desire well up in her and presses even harder into Him. 
Her hands rise to His face, fingers searching for His beard, she loves
the feel of Him.  He pulls away.  Eyes still closed, she waits.
 
She hears the men briefly exchange words, quick; quiet words, and hears
jingling.  Ordering her arms behind her, He moves behind, the leather
of the arm-binder creaking as He readies it, He begins to work the arm-binder
into place, she strains trying to offer no resistance, once it is in place,
He pulls the straps under her arms and over her shoulders, crossing in
the back and pulls first one buckle tight then the other.  How many
times has she felt this, never imagining the first time she wore it that
it could ever be so tight.  He begins to work the laces, pulling her
arms tighter and tighter into place, when she thinks she can bear no more,
He ties it off.
 
He is in front of her again.  Speaking swiftly and with conviction;
"Tonight, MY slut, you will find out what it is to be slave.  You
will have no choices, no say, and no safe sound.  Once the gag is
in place, you will be expected to do as ordered without hesitation, without
fail, no questioning, no way out.  Your only duty to obey, to please,
to feel, do you want this?"
 
Her eyes open, she looks deeply into His and replies, "Yes, please,
Master."  As the sounds leave her lips, His hands are rising. 
One final quick kiss and He commands her to Open.  The penis gag is
quickly put into place; He moves behind her and tightens it down hard,
harder than she has ever been gagged before.  The buckle is locked. 
In her complete focus on Him, she had not noticed what else was taking
place in the room.  Her eyes grow wide as she studies Andrea's tightly
bound body.  Leather straps at ankles, legs folded and another strap
pulling calf to thigh, arms in an arm binder and that strapped to her body
at waist, ribcage and chest; her small breasts straining against the straps.
 
"You're staring slut.  You've seen women so helpless before, isn't
it much nicer in person?"  Stephen asks with obvious delight. 
A muffled "uh-huh" is all Lily can manage, but her mind is racing a mile
a minute, trying to take it all in and guess what is happening.  She
breathes in slowly calming herself, her clamps momentarily forgotten. 
Stephen's hands are roaming her body, smoothing over her ass and stockinged
legs, stopping briefly to deliver two quick sharp slaps before moving to
her breasts.  He grasps the chain on her clamps and begins to tug,
walking toward Paul and His captive Andrea; she has no choice but to follow. 
She struggles to keep up with Him, all the bouncing pulling at her tender
nipples and of course He is pulling as well.  He stops at the bed
and tells her to sit.
 
She watches the men talk, trying to hear every word but they are being
very diligent to keep their words from her.  She lets her eyes fall
to Andrea's bound form.  She is trussed much tighter than Lily imagined,
her tiny form a neat little package.  Andrea seems calm and content,
not moving a muscle.  Paul added a corset before placing the straps,
a deep blue satin one and Lily can see how tiny Andrea's waist is, how
delicate, now that the corset is there.  There is some additional
strapping and Lily thinks Andrea looks packaged to be suspended from the
rigging.
 
"I think you have seen enough for now, slave." Stephen says "Close
your eyes."  Reluctantly, she does just in time to feel the leather
mask covering them, silently wishing she could watch. “I want you focused
on your clamps and your mind focused on what is happening to that body
of MINE."  He pushes her back on the bed, her arms, though numb, aching
and pinned under her, her clamped nipples stretching and pulling against
each other, her hard, bound tits standing out from her body.  He slaps
her thighs and orders them spread wide.  She strains to allow Him
access, pushing her knees as far open as she can.  His fingers searching
her cunt, pulling at the ropes, pinching her clit, forcing their way deep
inside her, she shudders.  He is feeling the fullness in her ass,
talking to her, telling her to feel it too.  Her flesh prickles with
excitement and she moans into the gag, her tongue feeling the shape of
it, wishing it were His cock in her mouth.  His hand is quickly replaced
by a long, hard, object, which is seated deep inside her.  A moment
later it buzzes to life.  "That should keep you occupied while we
finish our work."
 
Locked within herself, she allows the feeling to take her.  She
begins to struggle some on the bed, pushing the plug into her ass, fucking
it, the vibe pressing hard against it with every thrust, nipples cruelly
jerked as she does so.  Vaguely, she is aware of Their movements,
sounds of ropes being worked, but for now all she wants is to be away in
her own world.  She is safe there, pained and hungry with desire,
but safe.  She works into a rhythm, rocking her shoulders, fucking
the plug, the fire taking hold of her, building and burning.  She
imagines Stephen watching her and works harder willing the orgasm to come. 
Fire explodes across her thighs, four or five quick bursts.  She screams
into her gag. "Not yet, cunt! I have not given you permission." Stephen
hisses and she slows her movements.  Panting behind the gag she reminds
herself, tonight she is slave, nothing more, nothing less.
 
She lies still, absorbing the feelings, letting them fill her but not
encouraging them too much.  She rolls to her side, jarring the clamps
again but easing the ache in her arms.  Wishing she could see what
was happening around her she whispers a silent thanks to Master that He
has not taken her ability to hear away.  Now that she has turned the
focus from so deeply inside herself, she hears them working, breathing
heavy and words quick.  She pictures Andrea there, strapped so tightly,
and wonders what she is thinking.  What will They do with Their packages.
 
Again the vibe inside her is beginning to take her thoughts, curiosity,
away.  She rubs her legs together slowly, feeling the ropes pinch
again, the stockings slipping against each other.  The anticipation
is an enormous entity feeding her desires.  Flashes of every suspension
scene she has ever watched begin to flood her mind like a movie in fast
forward, searching for something that seems plausible.  Sounds of
metal on metal and sounds of labored work tell her they are almost ready
for her, time seems to slow.  Each snap of a link and adjustment of
a strap loud in her ears; creaking ropes and leather bring more images
of helpless women in silent flight, she pictures Andrea suspended in this
same flight.
 
Silence...then hands patting at Andrea's flesh.  Smiling voices,
as the men admire their work...words are lost to her though.  "Concentrate
on the feelings, don't let your mind take you too far" she tells herself. 
She breathes deeply, steeling herself against all doubt and fear. 
"We will use her hard today, Paul.  Harder than she has ever been
used before, she wants to be slave, today she will be used as such." her
Master's words hard in her ears as hands seize her arms pulling her upright. 
Dizziness washes over her as she struggles to steady herself, even though
the hands still hold her tightly.
 
She tries to picture the room again and where they are taking her. 
After about 10 steps the hands stop her and she is instructed to remain,
still, where she is.  One of the men leaves her side and then hands
are working on the penis gag in her mouth, adding weight to it.  She
remembers all the penis gags she has ever seen before, all with dildos
attached and knows she too now has one.  When He is done fixing the
dildo in place, she turns her head some, testing the weight of it.
 
"On your knees slave" comes the command.  Hand still on her arm,
she lowers herself to the carpeted floor, the hand releases her. 
 
"Forward."  she moves quickly, being careful not to topple over,
the jarring of her awkward movements pulling her tits painfully this way
and that.
 
"Stop", she sways a moment but stays upright and kneels waiting anxiously. 
Hands on her arms again, she is being positioned, tiny little steps on
her knees, shifts of position, until they have her right where they want
her.  "Spread your knees slave", quickly she complies, opening them
again as wide as she dares and then wider still, her thigh muscles straining
and quivering.  Her breath shallow she wills it to slow and deepen,
calming herself again.  She feels warm hands caressing the insides
of her thigh, body pressing into hers and pressing into the clamped tied
tits.  Fingers searching her tied cunt, finding what they seek and
taking the little pleasure with them as they go, the warm body she hopes
is Master, going as well.  She shivers.
 
"Chin up slave" she feels a heavy cold object being fitted into place,
the posture collar.  It digs into her chin and she struggles to stretch
her neck as long as she can make it.  Tighter and tighter it is pulled
until she can’t stand it any longer, whimpers beginning to escape despite
her desire to keep them to herself.  She hears the lock being fitted
into place and knows it will not come off anytime soon.  Gasping behind
the gag, she tries to calm herself again, panic beginning to get a foothold
in her; desperately she tries to squelch it, taking comfort in her blindness
and her inability to escape in any way.  Her shoulders shake causing
the clamps to shake and pull as well.  Fire across her ass as the
crop lands and a command of "Be Still!" issued.  She tells the pain
and fear to go, imagines it seeping from her fingertips.  Fingertips
she can no longer feel.
 
Warm flesh is being placed around her face; she smells the wetness
she knows must be Andrea.  The flesh Andrea's thighs.  The dildo
is being directed now, guided between those thighs.  "Kneel up slave"
straining, she does and hears the wetness as the dildo meets resistance
and pushes inside Andrea's suspended form.  Andrea gasps and begins
to wriggle, trying to escape it.
 
"Slave, your job is to pleasure Andrea.  If you work too fast
you will be whipped, if you work too slow, you will be whipped.  You
have 10 minutes to bring her to orgasm."  Her Master's instructions
at first make no sense; she is too stunned to understand. When the crop
lands, she jumps and suddenly understands what she must do.  She must
raise and lower herself in order to accomplish this task, a kind of human
fucking machine.  Slowly Lily begins to raise herself, feeling the
resistance; she bites into the penis gag, and again lowers herself. 
Low moans escape Andrea’s un-gagged mouth, Lily can feel her trying again
to squirm away but she has nowhere to go and Lily knows soon she will be
squirming to meet her thrusts instead of moving away from them.

Three sharp blows of the crop remind Lily she is being timed. 
Fire erupting and quickly diminishing leaving only a searing ache serving
to spur her forward; up again she moves, this time more forcefully, the
wetness of Andrea’s cunt strong in her nostrils, intoxicating as well as
humiliating, is it their intention she enjoy this?  Who knows? 
She is there for giving pleasure alone, not to think.

Muscles straining she works quickly and steadily, not wishing to feel
the fire again, at least not because They are displeased.  Crop flicking
at the insides of her thighs, she parts her knees instinctively. 
Her rhythm is beginning to get to Andrea, the gasps and moans are louder
now and more continuous.  Lily feels warm juices beginning to cover
her nose, desire and lust filling her senses with their exotic aromas. 
“Six minutes slave.” the crop punctuating the reminder, this time on her
thighs.  As the pain begins to fade again, hands are working the plug
in her ass, each thrust brings a hard thrust of the plug and now Lily can’t
help but moan too.  As her moans deepen, Andrea’s rise to a fever
pitch.  Roughly, as she is on the down stroke, a large dildo is shoved
hard inside her, filling yet another hole and rubbing hard against her
g-spot as well as the plug in her ass, Lily screams into her gag but forces
herself to control it.

Each stroke now forces the dildo into her hard, hands working both plug
and dildo, fucking her as she has never been fucked before.  The feelings
begin to overwhelm her and she fears she will cum before Andrea does. 
The hands move away from the dildo and are now working on her blindfold. 
Lily again feels a burst of panic knowing what she must see once the blind
is removed.  Andrea is fucking Lily’s dildo, Lily is fucking both
the plug and the dildo and both women are close to cumming when the blindfold
is removed.  Lily is momentarily disoriented as the blindfold comes
off but Andrea’s clenching thighs and ass quickly remind her what is happening. 
Fire again in her thighs, pink cunt lips, glistening with Andrea’s juices,
flowing over Lily’s face. Lily struggles to keep pace, she tries to turn
away but the bite of the posture collar stops her.  She grunts in
frustration into her gag and hears the men chuckle…men who are not behind
her.  As if to punctuate this realization, the hands work the dildo
and plug harder into her.

“Three minutes slave, you better pick up that pace.”  Thoughts
swirl in her confused brain, “Who is working the plug and dildo in her?” 
She forces herself to concentrate on pleasing Andrea even as her nipples
are now assaulted.  She can feel the clamps being pulled hard away
from her body…fire wells up inside her, she will cum soon, but is she allowed? 
Andrea is working hard against the dildo now as Lily, muscles burning,
struggles to fuck her hard.  Lily’s senses are being assaulted as
well, smells, sounds, fire in her nipples and on her thighs, plug and dildo
in her fucking hard, each stroke matched by a stroke of the crop. 
She is in agony and ecstasy all at the same time when she feels Andrea
stiffen against her face and a long low moan begins to rise, the sound
building and building as the juices flow freely over Lily and Andrea now. 
Lily is desperate to cum as well.  As if in answer to that thought,
the dildo is removed and she is ordered to stop.

Breathing hard against the gag, Lily waits to be allowed to move. 
“You may relax some now, very nice show slave.”  Hands are working
to help extract the dildo from Andrea and also to move Lily out of the
way.  Her legs burn from both the crop and the effort she has put
forth.  When she is repositioned, the men begin to work to lower Andrea
from her place.  Lily looks at her exhausted form, their eyes meet,
in this exchange Lily sees Andrea laugh at her.  When Andrea is again
free, she resumes her position at the feet of Paul.  Lily hears a
woman’s laugh behind her and trying to turn to see who is there, is again
reminded she can’t move that way, so she waits.  Stephen moves into
view, instantly she is comforted by His presence but the comfort is short-lived
as He is joined by a woman…the waitress from the bar.

“I love Your tips, Stephen.  What a fantastic break, I only wish
I could stay longer” She coos.  “You are always welcome, my dear,
to join us when your shift is over.”  He replies, grabbing hold of
her waist and kissing her hard.  As He pulls away, she giggles “Maybe
I will.”  When she turns to leave, He swats her ass hard, a quick
glance tells Lily she will be back.  Lily is now left to struggle
with the sight she has just witnessed, Her Master kissing another woman,
and another emotion…Humiliation.  Tears begin to well up in her eyes
as Stephen approaches.  He quickly wipes them away, “Tears my little
slave, I didn’t say you could cry; besides you should be proud of yourself,
you made your deadline with only 27 seconds to spare.” Lily whimpers behind
her gag as she closes her eyes, she is wracked with emotion and longs to
have His reassuring arms around her but they have other things for her
she realizes as again the blindfold is fitted into place and secured.

Lily is again locked within herself, nipples aching and arms dead, but
aching as well.  Stephen swats her thighs and again she opens them
at His command.  She feels Him in front of her, His body so close
to hers, hands roaming over His property, the gentle caresses send some
of her concerns flying as desire for Him begins to take the edge off the
pain coursing through her.  She shivers and tries to relax. 
Hands on her shoulders, He pulls her into Him, burying her face in His
crotch, she feels His hard cock pushing to be free of the fabric between
them, she rubs her face hard into Him.  “My eager little slut” He
says in a half moan, half growl.  His hands move behind her, working
on the straps of the arm-binder, she feels them begin to tighten and then
loosen as he works to free her dead arms.  Relief washes over her
when the leather is pulled free.  Before her arms have time to begin
to reawaken, He cuffs them in front of her.  Hot lead seems to be
running into her arms now as feeling begins to return, her hands jerk and
twist as the nerves regain control, yet she is powerless to control them. 
She winces and yelps behind her gag as the lead burns her, she always dreads
this period after the binder comes off but is grateful He has released
her.

Hands now moving to her nipples, Stephen holds her left breast in His
hand, fingers splayed tightly over it and she feels the clamp being removed. 
It always amazes her He is able to remove it in such a way that the pain
is hardly noticeable until the last second before the clamp is free, again
she is grateful.  He covers the screaming nipple with His mouth, sucking
and biting at it until the pain recedes, then moves to the right and repeats
the process.  Her cunt is aching for Him so badly, her desire expressed
only with her moans, she prays He will use her soon.  He presses her
hard into Him again “Relax and rest now, you will be used again soon my
cunt, my SLAVE, but for now, rest.”  She feels Him pull away from
her, sighs into her gag and wills herself to relax.
 
She hears the men conversing but is stunned to hear the faint sound
of Andrea’s voice joining theirs.  Sounds of things being moved and
changed, instructions being given, Stephen is going over something with
Andrea and Andrea is agreeing.  Damn her hearing, she should be able
to hear them but with her mind racing, is unable to pick up the thread
of what they are saying.  “Relax and rest” she tells herself. 
Obey.”  She wills her aching muscles to soften.  She allows herself
to imagine she and Stephen are alone, warmth surrounding them both, a bath
perhaps.  She imagines her washing Him, lovingly running a soapy cloth
over Him, gently caressing Him, feeling His smooth balls in her hands,
His cock stiffening.  Her thoughts are interrupted by the sound of
a flogger hitting something soft, a pillow perhaps, over and over again. 
Someone is warming up, but for what?  After a few minutes, her question
is answered; they are warming up for her.  Stephen is helping her
to her feet, “Lily, it is time for Andrea to be ‘paid back’ what you owe
her.”  What she owes Andrea?  She doesn’t understand and a muffled
questioning groan escapes her.  “Yes, I know you don’t understand. 
Did you think you would get to fuck her so and then not have at least a
small price to pay?”

Leading her by her cuffed wrists, they join Paul and Andrea.  Silky
hands stroke her naked breasts “You are mine…for now” Andrea hisses “I
think you enjoyed your task just a little too much, slut.  If you
gentlemen would be so kind as to chain her to the frame, I’ll make sure
she enjoys it a little less next time.”  Lily hears them chuckle under
their breath, at Andrea’s brashness, but waste no time in putting Lily
in her place.  Hands move to her wrists, quickly working to attach
leather cuffs, tightening and re-tightening.  Once the leather cuffs
are securely in place, hands seize her cuffed wrists and the metal ones
are removed.  She tries to protest, groans and small yelps escaping
her, feet not wanting to move, when they begin to move her again but still
the hands pull her along.  Knowing she cannot resist, she let’s them
take her now, grateful for the blindfold only because she cannot see what
is coming.  Her arms are spread high above her and painfully far apart
then secured in place, she is stretched so far now she has to stand on
tiptoe.  She hears locks being applied to the cuffs, sealing her fate
to what will happen.

Straining against the stretch, she tugs her cuffed hands, drawing her
legs in close so she can stretch higher, tugging harder at the cuffs; she
knows she will not escape.  “We can’t have those legs together.” Andrea
says with malice.  Lily’s heartbeat quickens.  The crop again
swatting at her thighs, she hesitates and feels fire from the crop as it
lands on her left thigh.  “You will NOT resist.” Stephen commands,
clearly displeased at this display “Open, NOW!”   Struggling
to be quick, she moves her feet apart, straining harder to remain on her
toes, if she is spread much farther she will be hanging by hands alone. 
Hands quickly place leather cuffs around her ankles; something is being
added to the cuffs.  With growing apprehension, she realizes it is
a spreader bar.  She is being stretched now at both ends, hands and
feet pulled to their limit, toes barely scraping the carpet, she is being
supported now only by her wrists.  Her voice betrays her and she hears
herself gasp and groan, practically begging to be let go.  She knows
she should stop but is powerless, being stretched as she is, if she continues,
she will be out of breath before Andrea even touches her.  She wills
herself to quiet, to calm and to obey.

Stephen decides now is the time to tighten the corset even more and
she feels Him beginning to tug and pull at the ties, tightening more and
more.  She fears she will not be able to breathe at all once Andrea
begins and forces herself again to relax.  Over and over in her head
she hears Stephens voice, it’s tone gruff “Obey”.  Little by little
she begins to adjust to the newly tightened corset.  Definitely no
protest now from her, she will have no breath for any such protests. 
She hangs there for what seems an eternity; all the while the flogger stroking
the pillow as Andrea warms up again.  She hears Stephen giving Andrea
pointers and when He is satisfied with her strokes, tells her it is time
to proceed.  “You will take this as a sign of your willing submission
to Me, as a sign of your devotion and a sign that you truly want to be
My slave, do you understand?” His voice close in her ear.  “Mmmph
Mmmph” is all she can manage, but it is enough.  “Begin.”

The blindfold is removed, before her stand her Master and Paul, both
wearing grim expressions that tell her she must obey.  I will maintain,
she tells herself, I will make Him proud.  Andrea is still behind
her lightly running the flogger over her mostly bare ass but it is quickly
removed.  She feels the garters in back being removed and the stockings
beginning to slip down her legs a little.  When that is done, the
flogger again lightly runs over her ass.  “You had fun fucking me
didn’t you slut.” Andrea goads.  No!  Her mind screams but deep
in her heart she knows that isn’t quite true.  With lightening speed
the flogger tails fall sharply on her ass.  “Answer me when I speak
to you!” Andrea demands.  “Mmmph, mmmph.” She timidly offers. 
Again the flogger falls across her ass, this is her weakest area and she
struggles within herself not to protest.  The falls, at first, are
relatively light but she feels them beginning to pick up both speed and
intensity.

Involuntarily her body begins to move away from the flogger and she
has to really force herself to stay in place and accept it.  Obey,
Obey, Obey. She tells herself.  Let the pain fly up through your hands,
let it flow from your fingers.  You do this because He wishes it to
be so, you belong to Him, you are His to do with as He pleases, Obey, Obey,
Obey.  The pain ever intensifying as the flogger lands over and over
on her ass, she feels herself moving her hips, trying to be away from the
flogger, low moans escape but seem to go unnoticed.  Heat and fire
welling up insider her now, she thinks she can stand no more, her breath
in short shallow gasps, her eyes plead with Stephen, but He just watches,
taking in every move she makes.

Andrea switches to her thighs now; fresh fire erupts in her, could this
possibly be worse than her ass?  Yes, these strokes are savage and
strong, tearing at her stockinged thighs. She feels the skin rise and knows
there will be lasting marks here.  She screams into her gag but the
flogger keeps pace, ever growing harder, cutting and tearing at her. 
Andrea works up and down her thighs not missing one inch.  Tears being
to slip down her cheeks as she squeezes her eyes shut tightly.  She
bites hard into the gag trying to keep the screams from escaping, but there
is no use.  She throws her head around, as much as a posture collar
will allow. When she thinks this will never end, the flogger stops. 
She pants hard under her gag, trying to compose herself, fear and questions
flying in her frazzled head.  Why?  But she knows why, because
He wishes it to be so.  She looks pleadingly at her Master but He
simply shakes His head.

Andrea comes around to face her.  She tries to look down at her
but can only lower her eyes enough to see dark eyes glaring at her. 
She flicks Lily’s tender nipples with the tips of the flogger tails. 
Lily jumps and lets out a tiny squeal.  Again she flicks the tender
nipples and Lily has to bite hard into the gag to squelch the yelps. 
Now Andrea begins in earnest, slow firm strikes to the underside of her
breasts.  The ropes take the brunt of the abuse but soon she finds
her true mark, the tender red flesh that is so tightly restricted. 
Searing, burning pain engulf her hard tits, first the left then the right. 
Lily tries hard to keep from flinching and cannot quite manage.  Her
shoulder shaking just intensifies the feelings but she is powerless to
stop.  Under her hard tits, over the tops, on the nipples the flogger
tails land, harder and harder until she is screaming and struggling. 
She desperately looks to her Master, His eyes shining brightly, a smile
creeps to His lips and she knows without a doubt He will not save her from
this.  He loves to see her struggle so.  She wills the pain to
flow to her clit and succeeds in focusing on that alone.  Each strike
now painful but coursing through her like an electric shock ending in her
clit.  She wishes she could close her legs, pinch her clit, take all
the pain and turn it to pleasure.

Andrea, seeing Lily’s new resolve, stops and runs her hands over the
welted flesh, feeling the fire and the hardness, her cool hand smoothing
the swollen skin.  She lets her hand trail between Lily’s breasts,
over the tight corset and slips between Lily’s thighs.  Fingers probing
her swollen cunt lips, feeling the hard clit, delving into her wetness,
she sinks her fingers inside.  Andrea slowly, skillfully, fucks her,
tickling her g-spot.  She withdraws her fingers, wetness covering
them, and walks to Stephen.  “How am I doing Sir?” she asks playfully
as her fingers disappear between His lips.  Frustration and, dare
she admit, jealousy, flare brightly in Lily’s mind.  “You are doing
wonderfully, Andrea.”  He replies, her fingers slipping into His beard
now.  “Finish what you started, the show is fantastic,” Paul urges
her.  “Yes Master” she replies and again retreats behind Lily.

The strokes begin again, now falling on her back, hard and fast. 
This is the sweet spot.  She has always loved being flogged on her
back, even more than when Master’s little flogger is licking her clit.
The fire in her ass, thighs and tits forgotten as she relishes the hard
strikes the flogger makes as it lands on her back.  She doesn’t know
why it is this way but is only glad it is.  The fire now, is in her
cunt, she feels the wetness surge from her, spilling over her thighs, the
waves of desire already beginning to well up and want to overpower her. 
Stroke after stroke land on her back, covering her with what she hopes
will be a lasting crisscross of welted flesh. Her moans of pain turn into
ones of sheer ecstasy.  Louder she moans willing Andrea to strike
harder, fiercer, faster…more.  She arches her back toward the falling
flogger, so close to cumming, her moans turn to deep growls of desire,
begging for release, her eyes drift closed, taking all Andrea is giving
her.  As the waves threaten to break her eyes fly open searching for
Master’s.  Locking her gaze on Him she feels it all intensify knowing
she will not hold back when the waves come.  He recognizes that glare,
the desire filled animal side of her shining brightly.  Her breath
ragged and gasping she still growls…the growl building and building as
the flogger builds, as the pleasure builds and the need builds.

Stephen looks at His creation with pride, knowing how close she is,
He begins to speak to her, “Not yet my little slave, let it build, feel
it in My clit, in My ass.  Feel the marks Andrea has given you, the
marks I allowed her to give you.  Feel the wetness covering your thighs;
I can smell your desire.  Feel it My slut, My whore, My cunt, MY slave!
“ She screams, she begs…pleads…not only with her bound voice but with her
eyes.  She can feel the waves beginning to take her, her breath coming
in harsh gasps and struggles to keep it from happening but she hears His
command “NOW My slave.  Cum for Your Master!” and she is cumming. 
Harsh waves rip through her as the flogger still falls hard on her back. 
Her body stiffens and jerks, shoulders and tits wildly thrashing, even
her feet try to kick the spreader bar away, wetness again spilling forth
from her swollen cunt.  She is wracked with the sweet pleasure of
wave after wave of orgasm as it consumes her…and consume her it does. 
She is slipping away, floating, flying, weightless now, light surrounding
and filling her.  Exhausted, as the waves begin to recede, she slips
into the floating feeling and allows the light to take her where it will.

When she wakes, warmth envelops her.  Sweet smells of sweat and
perfume bring her more into the here and now as she realizes Andrea is
cuddled softly next to her, fingers entwined in her own.  Lily looks
at the sleeping form, the soft dark lashes, the smooth cheeks and full
lips, before she can stop herself she kisses those lips as if she might
never have another chance.  Andrea responds to her kiss by gripping
her hand more fervently, pushing her small firm breasts into Lily. 
Ashamed at her own brashness Lily retreats, moving for the edge of the
bed.  Each movement brings a searing pain to her but still she moves
away, trying in vain to hide herself, she sees her Master is watching her. 
Quickly, she lowers her eyes.  She still does not know why she desires
to be with other women when the thought of it shames her so.  It is
hard enough for her to acknowledge her desire to be between Andrea’s thighs,
lapping at her sweetness, burying her face in this forbidden region to
herself, but to have her Master know of this desire strips her bare and
leaves her shivering.

She sits on the edge of the bed, trying to regain her composure and
orient herself again to her surroundings, when she feels soft caresses
over her broken flesh.  Fingers gently massage the tender parts, lips
caress the welts, warm breath bringing goose bumps, she wants to retreat,
to hide from all of this, if only for a moment.  She begins to pull
away again but Andrea’s cooing voice urges her to stay.  “Yes, stay
MY slave.” Stephen softly commands.  Andrea’s hands slip over her
shoulders, pulling her gently back into the warmth of the bed.

The men begin working again as Andrea caresses Lily.  She knows
they will be ready again for them soon and thinks this night will never
end but part of her wishes she could stay here forever with them, living
out all these things over and over again.  Conflicting thoughts whirl
around in Lily’s head, a sense of self-loathing for the desires she has
succumbed to tonight but she reminds herself she has no choices any longer,
for tonight she is slave.

Chairs are being moved around the room now, the men conferring with
each other about placement and things needed.  Lily tries not to listen,
knowing how she will begin to anticipate and worse, worry, but she cannot
help overhearing them.  “The chairs go facing one another, about 12
inches apart.  And we need the two sets of leg cuffs as well, Stephen.”

She hears the jingling of chains, trying not to think what might be
happening.  Master decided a long time ago not to tell her what to
expect because it always made her mind race to far worse things than He
would ever really do to her, unless of course that was exactly the reaction
He wanted and then…wow!  When the men have checked and re-checked
their set up, Paul joins the women in the bed.  Andrea is nuzzling
Lily’s neck lightly, causing the heat to begin building in her new playmate
all over again.

“I see you are getting her all ready to play again Andrea, she is quite
lovely don’t you agree?” He says, teasing Andrea’s nipples playfully. 
“Oh, of course Master, and so sweetly…reluctant!  I think it makes
her even more fun to play with.”  In her own mind, Lily groans to
herself at her own vulnerability, as the blush creeps over her face. 
Paul pinches Andrea’s nipple teasingly “Time to play again, kitten.” 
He takes her hand and leads her away, Lily shivers, already missing her
warmth, and begins to get up again.  Before she can manage, Stephen
pushes her back to the bed softly and sits next to her.

“Close your eyes, little one, relax, we have some time yet,” His voice
silky.  “Take a deep breath and let it out slowly, then tell me how
you feel.”   As He speaks to her, she tries to let it all go,
to concentrate on His voice.  How does she feel…she never quite knows
how to answer that question and now doubly so.  So much has happened
tonight and there is more to come.  She lays her head next to His
leg; His fingers smooth the hair away from her face then move under her
chin to tilt it up so He can see her eyes, which are now shiny with tears. 
She wants so badly to be wrapped in His arms but now isn’t the time. 
“I am feeling, ummm…well Master, wonderful and a little embarrassed. 
I hope I have pleased You well tonight so far.” She manages her words shaky. 
“Embarrassed my little slut? You?” His voice full of laughter, “Just relax
everything’s fine.”

He strokes her body now, smooth cool hands cover hot flesh making her
nipples hard little knots of fire and awakening her desire to be touched
again.  She wants so much to be consumed by Him and Him alone but
also yearns for the next, new, thrilling task before her.  She relaxes
under His skillful manipulation of her body.  He turns her over and
inspects her back and ass, looking to make sure there is no real damage
there, pinching and teasing her, making the welts and bruises sing. 
“So beautiful” He hums.

“We’re ready!” Paul jovially calls over to Stephen.  Lily looks
over and sees Andrea is now in an arm-binder and looks a little perturbed
by her situation.  Stephen wraps His hand in Lily’s hair, twists her
head around and kisses her so deeply and with such abandon she cannot help
but feel as if she is melting like butter in warm sunlight.  When
He pulls away from her, she is momentarily lost but He has seized her wrist
and is now pulling her up and off the bed.  “Paul, the other arm-binder
please.” Stephen’s voice, a little gruff, as He twists Lily’s arm spinning
her around so that both hands are now held firmly in His one strong hand
behind her back.  I love this man! She is relaxed now, even knowing
the arm-binder will again sheath her arms in its death grip, but this time
she won’t be alone.

Lily is facing Andrea now as Stephen again works the binder into place. 
Tears shine in Andrea’s eyes and she has a look of utter astonishment on
her face.  Apparently, the binder is something new to her, that knowledge
only serves to make Lily relax more into what Stephen is doing.  Finally,
something she isn’t so accomplished at!  She winces as He tugs at
the laces of the binder, making sure they are tight and fitted well into
place.  The straps again go over her shoulders and are tightened down,
Lily forces herself to smile in an effort to hide the little bit of panic
she always feels when they are done and is pleased to see Andrea grimace
as Paul, His finger hooked through the ring at the end of her binder, leading
her to the chairs.  She stumbles backward trying desperately to maneuver
in the heels and manages to regain her grace once He is near the chairs.

Paul places Andrea in a kneeling fashion, her breasts over the back
of the chair.  Stephen is now leading Lily by the ring in her binder,
when they reach the chairs; Lily instinctively positions herself over the
chair the same way.  Lily’s much larger breasts are quickly bound
by Stephen; dutifully she repeats “Tighter Master, please” waves of pleasure
sweeping through her each time she utters the phrase.  Once her tits
are bound properly, Stephen drags His nails across them, smiles when He
sees the color already rising in them and, with a light slap to both, moves
off to get the clamps.

Lily hears whimpering behind her and can only speculate that Andrea
is getting the same preparations.  When Stephen returns, Lily is not
surprised to find clover clamps with weights attached in His hand and a
devilish smile on His lips.  He squats down in front of her, His fingers
lightly tracing her tender nipples as He speaks softly to her “Ready My
slave?”  Without waiting for a reply He pinches her left nipple hard
and quickly places the clamp.  Lily tries not to react but oh those
clamps are hard the first few minutes.  He pinches the other nipple
hard and again fits a clamp into place.  With the clamps in place
He sets the weights into a swinging motion and toys with the bits of taut
flesh between the clamps.  Lily sighs and arches her back, wishing
His lips and tongue were there.  
Stephen rises, helps Lily up a little off the back of the chair and
places a folded towel over the chair back then settles her into place again. 
“Thank You Master” Lily sighs.  The men are talking again in hushed
tones so their property cannot hear them.  A hand roaming over her
ass, appreciating the welts there, now the weight of cuffs being applied
as Lily tries to guess what they might be doing.  With the cuffs attached,
she feels her position being adjusted and is surprised when her bare ass
bumps into Andrea’s bare ass.  Tingles wash over her body.  She
tests her newly bound ankles and finds herself attached to Andrea, their
ankles moving against each other.

Lily feels her hands being raised as sharp icicles shoot down her arms. 
She hears a snap of a link and realizes she cannot bring her arms down. 
She leans a little forward and feels a weight pulling her back.  Suddenly
the image is clear in her mind, not only are her feet attached to Andres’s
but so are her arms.  Knees already beginning to ache she tries to
shift a little and isn’t at all surprised to feel Andrea trying to shift
her back.  Tugging on the arms now as Andrea begins to fight the binder. 
A loud smack! And Andrea settles again with a little whimper.  Stephen
appears before her again with an enormous double ended dildo in His hands. 
It is easily 18 inches long and at least 3” thick.  Lily’s mouth drops
open and she quickly snaps it shut.  Oh my goodness they are going
to use that monstrosity on us??

“Like it My slut?? I bought it just for this occasion!”  The laughter
in His tone instantly brings the humiliation over her.  He steps around
and parts her mostly exposed cunt lips.  Slowly he slides two of His
fingers in.  “They are both ready Paul,” He declares.  He is
probing Andrea too.  A bright flare of lust wells up inside her knowing
He is free to do whatever He wishes.  Paul moves around in front of
Lily now and fits the posture collar back into place giving the weights
a little swing again before He goes.  Lily hisses while they bounce
and swing but quickly accepts it and tries to concentrate on whatever is
next.

“Ready then Paul?”  Stephen asks as He works His fingers deeper
into Lily’s wet, hungry cunt.  She tries to wriggle back onto them,
to fuck His fingers but Andrea won’t let her. “Of course” Paul replies. 
Stephen’s fingers slip out of her cunt leaving her gasping and wanting
more.  She feels cold, slick lube going onto her naked cunt and then
a pressure as the dildo is worked, twisting and turning into place. 
She is filled so completely now, the pressure of the dildo rubbing hard
against the plug in her ass.  It twists more as it is being worked
into Andrea.  I can’t stand this…it feels so good…I am so full…oh
god I will cum too quickly!  The thoughts race through her head as
she tries to distract herself.  She shakes her shoulders willing the
weights to bounce and pull the pain to come over her and squelch that hunger
in her cunt.

She can feel Andrea’s ass close to hers now, the strain is awkward and
uncomfortable but the fullness in her so delicious.  More hands probing
at her, sharp stinging sensations tell her she is now clamped on her cunt
lips too.  Oh the torture!  Sharp slaps on her ass make her pull
away and dance a little but she is roughly pulled back by Andrea, and as
she is, she realizes that this motion causes the dildo to move in and out
of her.  Oh if we can get a rhythm going how wonderful it will be.   
Pain coursing through her nipples and lips, her cunt so nicely filled;
pushing hard against that plug she is hungry with need.  Stephen steps
in front of her, His handsome, now naked body, in full view, His cock ready
for her attentions Lily can hardly contain her excitement.

His hands grip her head softly at first, His fingers twining in her
hair, He pulls her forward and she is ready.  In one smooth motion
she engulfs His cock.  Her lips ache for this and she is eager to
please.  As she works His cock with her tongue she feels the tugs
of Andrea’s body and the pull on the cunt chains.  The didlo sliding
out a little only to be forced back in as Andrea is moved back into her. 
Now she is being pulled forward and she grips the dildo, clenching around
its hardness as again she is pushed back onto it.  With a ferocity
she cannot contain she sucks and licks as her Master’s cock.  His
hardness filling her mouth, he presses her down father onto Him. 
They are getting that wonderful rhythm now, fucking and sucking, pain of
the pulling clamps on the cunt lips and the weighted nipple clamps. She
moans on His cock and He in return moans loudly “Yes my slave.”

He reaches out to His side and produces a crop.  About that time,
she feels the fire burning her ass as a crop lands there but she knows
it can’t be her Master’s because it is in her view.  As the crop lands
again she picks up her pace, working His cock, sucking and teasing just
the way He likes it.  She hears her Master’s crop land and feels Andrea
pulling at the bonds, her ass working the dildo into them both and Lily
can hardly contain herself.  When Andrea pulls away again the cunt
clamps pull hard at Lily’s cunt lips making her gasp but Master’s hand
is quick to force her back down.

Lily works her tongue on the underside of His cock as she takes Him
deeper into her.  As He slides out again, she flicks her tongue around
the head of His cock.  This is too much, god I have never felt anything
like this, and Master is giving it all to me.  Pleasure is building
rapidly in her and the waves will soon begin to roll over her.  She
works in time to Andrea’s movements all the while concentrating on her
Master’s cock but never letting the clamps far from her mind, she wants
to feel it all, every last sensation, to relish it, to own it, as He owns
her.  The crops begin to fly faster now, so many sensations ripping
through her she is in a frenzy.  Suddenly the crop is dropped from
her Master’s hand and His hands seize her head.  He forces her down
hard to the point she is sure she will gag but she manages not to.

He is fucking her mouth hard now.  Her body is beginning to quiver
under the strain of it all, yet she fucks His cock and the dildo, constantly
aware of the pull of Andrea.  Her tongue works hard at the underside
of His cock and she wishes she could have her nails in the flesh of His
balls just where He likes it.  “Oh god!  This is fantastic!”
Paul exclaims.  Lily can imagine the view the men have, watching the
dildo moving in and out of both wet cunts, seeing the pink flesh assaulted
by the clamps and by the crops all the time their cocks being sucked so
well.  Heat rising all around them…sweat rolls off of Lily and the
waves are rolling in her, soon they will break.  Andrea is working
the dildo into them both now, and her moans join Lily’s as the pleasure
builds.

Paul is the first to cum, His long low groans deepening and growing. 
Andrea is next fucking the dildo furiously, pulling the cunt clamps away
from Lily, stretching the lips to their limits; she shudders and wails
in ecstasy.  Stephen’s hand slips onto His balls and begins digging
His nails into the tight flesh.  Lily sucks and works His cock greedily. 
She wants to taste Him.  The crop lands on her ass as she is working
His cock, the pain sends a new urgency through her.  “Get ready My
slut, I am going to fill You.  Suck that cock, slut!”  His words
roar in her ears, the waves threaten to break now.  Hold on a little
longer, wait for Him.

He fucks her faster now, Andrea is working the dildo into her, the clamps
pull, the crop assaults her bare ass and now He is stiffening and bellowing
“Now Slut! Cum now for ME!”  A flood of fire washes over her body
as she works to get every drop out of Him, to milk His cock.  
The waves roll over, through, into her, washing away all pain and filling
her with delicious ecstasy.  His cum fills her, she greedily sucks
it down, taking it all in.  As He pulls out of Her mouth she kisses
the tip of His cock.  “Thank You Master.”

After cleaning up and getting somewhat dressed the men survey their
still bound slaves.  Andrea pleads with Paul to release her, but Lily
can only smile at Stephen as he approaches.  Lily begins to work on
the dildo inside her and hears Andrea’s shocked gasp and the moans. 
Andrea pulls against the binder hard willing Lily to stop but Lily isn’t
the least bit daunted.  Stephen laughs heartily “Now little one, I
think Andrea has had enough of that binder, don’t you?”  Slowly, He
beings to remove the nipple clamps, as He does, Lily again rocks back onto
the dildo, loving its fullness and how easily she is ready to cum again,
especially with the fire in her nipples and Master’s skilled hands working
them.

As she is working she hears Andrea’s hiss followed by two small thuds. 
She is now free of the clamps as well.  Andrea sighs exasperatedly,
as Lily rocks hard against the dildo again.  Stephen moves around
to her side and fingers Lily’s hot, dripping cunt.  “Still so hot
and wet my little one, I do love that about you.”  He beings twisting
the clamp on one of her cunt lips and she freezes in place with a tiny
whimper escaping her.  Oh how I hate those things!  She sighs
as He begins to release the clamps and then massage her aching sex. 
The clip on the binder is released next; an audible sigh of relief loud
behind Lily and then the dildo is being worked.  Lily feels it shift
and hears Andrea’s sigh of relief.  The weight of the dildo pulling
at Lily’s wet cunt and then it too is released from her.

Quickly now the leg cuffs come off and the girls are helped up, Stephen
grasps Lily hard around the waist and the twists her around.  He takes
her mouth hard, His tongue probing and twining around hers, they kiss so
passionately that Lily’s cunt again throbs with desire for Him.  When
He pulls away she sighs and relaxes in His arms.  Making sure she
is steady on her feet He quickly begins taking the binder off.  The
blood rushing back into her arms as it begins to loosen causes her face
to twist into a grimace but she relaxes again and just lets it happen. 
Her hands jerk and twist painfully as the binder falls free but she only
breathes out long and hard, willing it to go away.  She feels pressure
up and down her arms now as Stephen massages them, bending close to whisper
His pleasure at her performance in her ear.

Stephen releases the posture collar and leads Lily to a chair, telling
her to rest, He moves over to help Paul who is just getting the binder
worked free from a teary eyed Andrea.  Her posture collar is now released
as Stephen works her arms too, making sure they are functioning properly. 
When Stephen has made sure that all is ok, He instructs Lily to prepare
a hot shower for their guests.  With a slight bow of her head she
is off.  This has been the most strange and wonderful evening of my
life she thinks as she prepares everything.  Her fingers dip into
the shower stream making sure it is not too hot or too cool, her skin prickling
at the feel of the spray.  Returning to the room she finds the men
talking jovially and Andrea still teary eyed sitting in the chair. 
She hesitates a moment and when Stephen nods toward Andrea; Lily moves
her way to help her prepare herself.  Gingerly she takes Andrea’s
hand and leads her into the bath.

With the men behind them, she helps Andrea remove the shoes and corset. 
Handing her a soft cloth she opens the door to the shower.  As Andrea
begins to step inside she throws her arms around Lily and hugs her tightly
letting the tears spill freely.  “Thank you” is all she can manage. 
Lily moves out of the room when Andrea is safely in the shower, going to
her Master she kneels next to Him.  “I’ll go see to my little jewel.”
Paul says as He stands and moves to the bath.  “Gather their clothes
and quietly slip them inside.” Stephen instructs.  With a kiss to
His hand she quietly moves to gather their things.

After the shower is over and they have dressed, Paul thanks Stephen
for the wonderful evening.  “I think I have a very drained and fulfilled
slave on my hands now, time to get us to bed.  Come, my love.” 
Stephen accompanies them to the door and as the door softly closes Lily
sighs heavily.  When He rejoins her, He takes her hand and leads her
into the bathroom.  Unfastening the posture collar, it falls to the
floor followed by the corset.  Lovingly He kneads and strokes her
hard tits and finally begins to loosen and release them as well. 
He slips the stockings from her legs and she kicks the shoes away. 
She stands completely nude before Him, something she is still a touch uncomfortable
with, her head down when He begins to speak to her.  “My little one,
I am so proud of you. You showed me how deep your desire is to truly be
my slave and you performed so well; I am most pleased.”

Taking her into His arms He again consumes her lips.  Kissing hungrily,
her hands slip to remove the last of His clothing and find the cock ring
still in place.  He reaches to remove it while she starts the water. 
When it is perfect they enter the steaming hot shower.  She beings
to soap a soft cloth and massages it over His taught body, working His
back and shoulders.  He rinses off and commands her to kneel before
Him.  Instantly she complies, feeling the water misting her from around
His body.  He tilts her face up and smiles down at her.  Taking
His cock in hand He lets loose a hot stream of piss over her naked breasts,
covering them, moving the stream to her shoulders and finally right to
her open and waiting mouth.  She sighs happily as the first splashes
dance on her tongue; eagerly she laps at the stream knowing full well He
is marking her as His property again.

When the shower is done and they are tightly snuggled in the bed He
again tells her how proud of her He is.  He kisses her again, His
hands slipping around her he takes her hands behind her back and quickly
slips the cuffs in place, locking her wrists together.  She smiles
and giggles a little knowing she has slept this way many times before. 
With a quick kiss He turns out the light and rolls onto His side away from
her, “Oh by the way, It’s time to start looking for a branding tool. 
“Master does that mean…???”  He laughs “Yes, you will be my slave. 
Are you ready?”  Am I ready, it is what I have wanted forever! 
“Oh yes! Yes! Master!” she exclaims excitedly.  “Good! Now go to sleep
little slave, wet dreams My cunt.”  Sleep…how can I sleep now!!
