---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Wedding Gift
authors:
- Studbound
tags:
- n-a
---

story

**The
Wedding Gift**
 by
Studbound

"Ron."

"Yes, Dad."

"What did you say to Kate this morning that got her upset?"

"Oh, that." He smiled. "Well, when I want to irritate her, I call her
a Shanty Irishman. It always gets her goat, and she shouts something nasty
back at me. It's part of a game we play."

"She sounded serious. What was it she said?"

"She said, 'If I had my way you'd be hog-tied!"

"That's what I thought."

Ron and his father sat in the family den, watching a retrospective on
one of the cable sports channels. They were close, open with each other.
Ron idolized his father, could talk to him about anything. The father took
considerable and justified pride in his son, now twenty-four, a college
graduate, and a healthy, athletic, good looking young man who had a good
job and was to be married in just a few days.

Ron was engaged to Kate, a spit-fire Irish girl with flaming red hair
and a temper not to be trifled with. Kate had a figure to die for, firm
protruding breasts, slender, and a classic face that begged to be kissed.
Her Irish brogue added to her charm. Ron's older sisters had introduced
him to her - a girl they met in their college sorority. They were somewhat
older than the Irish exchange student, but they immediately liked her,
and unbeknownst to Ron, decided in time that she would be the girl for
him. Once he knew her, he agreed.

"Are you in love with Kate?" the father asked.

"Think of her every minute," he said with a smile. "She's so wonderful
I can hardly stand to be away from her."

"Well, she's off having fun with your mother and your sisters, planning
the wedding and buying things. The four of them seem to have great fun
together."

"That's for sure."

"But that comment she shouted, about having you hog-tied. Do you think
she has any idea how much your older sisters tied you up over the years?"

"I doubt it."

"Did they ever hog-tie you?"

"No. Never. They tied me up four different ways. They tied me naked
and spread out on my bed, they tied me to one of the wooden chairs in the
den, they tied my wrists and strung me up in my closet, and they tied me
to the pole in the store room in the basement. I don't know how many nights
I spent spread-eagled and gagged on my bed. And I always worried that they
would forget me when I was in the store room."

"Yes, I remember either your mother or me finding you all trussed up
somewhere, and calling out to your sisters, 'All right, when will you let
him go?' And they always screamed together..."

Here father and son joined in a chorus loudly shouting, "Never!!!" They
both laughed savoring the memory of things past.

"Tell me, Ron," the father said taking on a serious tone, "you did enjoy
it when they bound and gagged you didn't you?"

He paused. "Well, I don't know."

"Be honest, you did like it, didn't you?"

"Oh, I guess."

"That's what I thought. After all, you never once complained no matter
how long they left you. And you never resisted much either. Now that they're
grown and married and gone, do you miss them and their antics?"

"I suppose," he said. "But things change and we have to move on. Kate
is the new joy in my life. I'm anxious to have the wedding done and get
into our apartment."

"Ron," said the father now very serious, "If I asked you to do something,
no matter how strange it might sound, would you trust me and do it?"

"Sure," he said without hesitation.

"Really?" pressed the father.

"Of course, Dad, I trust you. What do you want?"

"I want you to go to your room, take all of your clothes off, and put
this on, and wait for me." He handed his son a small piece of bright red
cloth that he took out of his pocket. It weighed not much more than a feather,
and was light and stretchy.

"Put this on?" questioned the son. "There's nothing to it."

"You said you would trust me," chided the father. "So do what I asked
and I'll be there in a minute."

Ron stood, holding the tiny garment, then walked into the hall, and
along to his room. There he stripped, carefully putting away his clothes.
Then he stepped into the tiny red thong - so small it barely contained
his manhood, so thin that it left nothing to the imagination. Then he waited
for his father.

The father walked into the room and set a bag on the large double bed.
"Fine," he said. "That's perfect."

"I don't get it, Dad, what's this all about?"

"You said you would trust me," said the father. "You'll find out soon
enough." He reached into the bag and brought out a coil of rope. "Now turn
around and put your hands behind your back."

"You've got to be kidding!"

"I'm not kidding. Not one bit. Now, do what I asked."

Ron turned and put his hands behind his back. The father quickly bound
them together at the wrists, palms facing each other, and he cinched up
the rope making sure that the knot was out of the reach of Ron's fingers.
Next he took a roll of silver duct tape out of the bag, and used it to
wrap Ron's hands from the wrists down to the end of his fingers, making
his fingers useless just in case he could reach any knot. He then bound
Ron's upper arms, tightly running the rope around his body at mid chest,
binding his arms firmly to his sides. Finally he looped another rope behind
Ron's neck, criss-crossing it over his chest, around his back, again to
the front, crossing the two pieces again, and finally around to the back
where the ends were secured to the bound wrists. The rope made a pleasant
pattern on the boy's body. The father stood back and examined his work.

"OK, Dad, what's this all about? Why are you tying me up?"

"Just be patient," the father cautioned. "You will know in good time.
Just trust me."

The father took more rope and bound the boy's ankles, again cinching
the rope snugly. Another binding went below Ron's knees and a third just
above his knees.

As the father stood from the kneeling position he had assumed while
roping the boy's legs, he looked straight ahead at the pouch of the red
thong and its increasingly bulging contents.

Smiling up at his son, he said, "It's obvious that you are liking this."

The boy blushed. "Shit, Dad!"

"Sit on the bed," the father instructed. "We can't have any more of
that bad language."

As the boy sat, the father took a red ball out of his pocket. The ball
had a cord running through its center. "Open up your mouth," the father
directed.

"You're really kidding now," protested the son. "You aren't really going
to gag me are you?"

"Well son, you know the expression - 'bound and gagged' - they go together
like Laurel and Hardy. Now open up."

Rolling his eyes in disbelief, the boy slowly opened his mouth. The
father inserted the ball which filled the space quite nicely. He then drew
the cords around the boy's head and fastened them behind his neck. The
father then picked up the roll of duct tape, and started wrapping the boy's
head, round and round starting under his nose, once, twice, three times,
four times around until the boy's whole lower face was sealed under the
shinny sticky tape. The father cut the roll free and set it down. Then
he pressed the tape smoothing it out and sealing it firmly.

"That should quiet things down," said the father. "Now, lie down on
your side."

The boy, with help, lay on the bed on his right side, facing the door
to the room. The father drew up his ankles so that they were almost touching
his back, and with another piece of rope, secured the ankles to the ropes
that circled the boy's upper body.

"Is that too tight?" he asked his now well trussed up son.

The boy nodded, yes.

"Good," said the father. "We want you nice and tight."

The father stood, put the tape back in the bag, and surveyed his handiwork.
"You look great," he said, "all done up so nicely. Now you don't go anywhere,
and just wait patiently. You'll probably be there for a while, so relax."

With that the father turned and left leaving his son bound, gagged,
and hog-tied on his bed wondering what the hell had happened and why his
father had done such a bizarre thing to him. He had a few hours to ponder
his situation.

The father had tied up his son at around three-thirty in the afternoon.
At just before seven that evening, the son heard the four women return
as they entered the back door into the kitchen.

"We're home," he heard his mother's familiar cry. "Anybody here?"

The father walked from the den past the boy's room, looking in at him
quickly, and then on to the kitchen.

"Welcome back," he heard his father's greeting. "Were you successful?"

"We got everything we had on our list," said one of the sisters. "She'll
be a beautiful bride."

"We had dinner," the mother said. "Did you eat anything?"

"Yes," said the father. "I'm fine."

"Now, the question is," said the other sister, "did you succeed?"

"Of course," said the father. "The package is ready." With that the
mother and the two sisters laughed.

"What's going on?" asked a third voice that the son recognized as his
fiancée.

"We have a surprise for you," said one of the sisters.

"A surprise?"

"Yes," said the other sister. "We have a package for you. A special
package all done up and ready. Dad prepared it while we were shopping.
And you can open it, or you can leave it as it is - it's up to you."

"I don't understand," said a perplexed Kate.

"Well, then let's show you," said the mother. "Come this way."

Laying on the bed, Ron heard the five of them come into the hall and
toward his bedroom. The mother entered first, followed by Kate. When she
saw him on the bed, she stood, mouth open, for a second, and then she said
loudly, "Oh, my God!!!"

"Beautiful, isn't he?" asked one of the sisters who was now in the room.
"Just the way you said you wanted him - all hog-tied. Dad, you did a great
job."

"I always do good work," boasted the father.

Kate walked around the bed looking at Ron from all sides. "Wow," she
said. "He's spectacular. Better than I'd ever imagined. How long has he
been here?"

"Oh, just over three hours," said the father. "Not long at all."

"You see," said one sister looking at Ron who just laid there blushing,
"we've told Kate all about how we frequently tied you up and how you liked
it. When she shouted at you this morning that she wanted you hog-tied,
we conspired with Dad to prepare you as a surprise for Kate on our return."
Turning to Kate she added, "Think of him as an early wedding present -
from the family to you - we're giving him to you so to speak. You can do
whatever you want with him."

"He's wonderful," she gushed. "I love it." Turning to Ron she said,
"Yes, your sisters said you savored bondage and I want you to know that
you're going to get quite a lot of it once we're married. I get all excited
just at the thought of tying you up and having you all to myself. No that
I see you I see that you're better than I had hoped . I don't know if I
want to unwrap this gift ever."

"Never," shouted the two sisters in unison.

Ron moaned into his gag, and squirmed on the bed wishing he could conceal
the huge erection bulging in the thin red thong.

Kate sat there, looking at him, smiling and watching him try to squirm
on the bed wondering what would happen next.

"Well, I need to be going," said one sister.

"Me too," said the next. "We've each got husbands at home who need attention
so I'll see you later."

The sisters left, and then the mother said to the father, "I think we
should give these two some privacy - don't you agree?"

"Oh yes," said the father. And the parents walked out of the room, closing
the door behind them leaving Kate and Ron alone.

The mother led her husband up to their bedroom on the second floor.
She told him about their day, and the things they had bought and how excited
Kate was with the way the wedding was unfolding. Her parents would be arriving
from Ireland soon, and everything seemed to be going smoothly.

Then the mother changed the subject. "How did you get Ron tied up? Was
he a problem?"

"Piece of cake," boasted the father. "No trouble at all - he just did
what I said like I figured. I just used my persuasive ways to convince
him that he should go along with the program."

"Do you think he likes it as much as you do?" she smiled.

"I'm sure of it," said the father. "Did you see that bulge?"

The mother laughed. "Well, is there anything more you want to say with
your 'persuasive ways' while you can still talk?"

"No," he smiled.

She had already bound him tightly, and secured him to the bed. Now she
put the plug of a leather gag into his mouth, and buckled it in place.
Finally a blindfold and he was complete. The mother changed into her black
negligée, and cuddled up in the bed next to her husband. "I guess
it's true what they say," she whispered. "Like father, like son. Goodnight
my wonderful slave!" With that she caressed his erect penis until she fell
sound asleep.

----

Epilogue

Six months later four women sat around the table in the brightly lit
kitchen. They drank tea, ate sandwiches, and carried on an animated conversation,
laughing, sharing stories, and occasionally an off-color joke. The mother
and her two daughters, and now her daughter-in-law were having yet another
afternoon get-together. To any observer it would be clear that they thoroughly
enjoyed each other's company. Their laughter filled the house, and the
wit and rapidity of their banter was delightful.

Down the hall, in the den, four men sat watching a football game on
the TV. It was an exciting match between Italy and Poland, with Poland
having one point and Italy not yet having scored. It was the final period,
and the game was reaching a fever pitch.

The men watched intently. When something especially exciting happened,
one could hear four moans or grunts. The men would look at each other and
nod, or wink. They were enthralled with each second of the spectacle.

The four men were also dressed in matching straitjackets. They were
securely bound to the chairs, their legs drawn up to the sides above the
ground. Each was gagged with a tight leather plug gag that held a large
spongy phallus in their mouth. They were watching the first of two matches
that would be telecast that afternoon, but even when the second game ended,
none of the men knew when they might be untied. The duration of their bondage
depended, as always, on the whim of their respective wives. And all four
of them were quite content to let it be that way.

It would be clear to any observer that this was one big happy and exceptionally
functional family.

03/04/02
