---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Ariana
authors:
- Adegans
tags:
- MF
- M-f
- sex
- mast
- bond
- tape
- spank
- cons
- reluct
- nc
- X
date: 2024-08-29 00:00:00
---

### 7: Her Second Boyfriend

#### Intro

Ariana Inoue is a 19 year old Japanese student. She has medium length black hair. She rarely puts on makeup. Her Cute facial features and petite body are the envy of many of her classmates. She has a small B-cup and stands about 140cm tall. Ariana lives in the college dorm sharing a room with another girl named Abby. She's been single since her last boyfriend over a year ago and feels she is ready for finding her perfect husband.

Ariana never really stood out in school other than being the cute asian chick. She doesn't care for most of her classes and is generally unsure of what she wants with her life. She's good at maths. But hates Biology and Sciences and things like that. At this pace she'll have trouble graduating.

Ariana made a Tinder profile and is overwhelmed with all the likes she gets. Several dozen a day at least. This makes picking the right guy for a date very hard, she thinks. Her room mate Abby tries to help sort the weed from the chaff, but overall is more jealous than helpful with all the attention her friend gets.

#### 1 - Dating and fucking

Ariana sits on her bed, she's nervous for her first date through Tinder. She talked to the guy for a little while on the app and was quickly asked to move to telegram where he talked her into meeting him for dinner the next day, this evening.

Chris, meanwhile, can't believe his luck. He found the cutest Asian girl he saw in like forever. Every time he looks at her picture a smile creeps over his face. He had super liked her profile and 3 days later she had liked him back!

They talked for about an hour and when he asked to meet for dinner she agreed. Quickly canceling his other date he hopes Ariana will be the woman of his dreams. Ariana is such a nice name too, he thinks. He hopes she has a nice voice and that her pictures are accurate.

Ariana can't think of what to wear. She had asked Chris if he had a preference, but he said anything is fine as long as she wears something cute and protects herself against the cold. It’s winter.

‘Something cute,’ Ariana thinks. She has no cute clothes for winter and finally decides on a dark gray pair of leggings with knee high black woolen socks. A plain shirt covered by a long woolen purple jumper and low snow boots. She completes her look with a purple woolen tuque topped with a fluffy pom pom and her thick down coat.

‘Nothing sexy or attractive about today's look.’ She thinks, but it looks trendy. The high collar of her coat covers most of her face.

Chris finds her near the main entrance of the city's shopping center and compliments her beautiful eyes peeking over the collar. She gives him a quick hug and smiles.

He takes off his gloves and feels like holding her hand as they walk through the shopping area looking for the steakhouse Chris made a reservation at.

From under his similar tuque he steals a glance at the covered up girl noticing she has a very similar head covering as him, his is without the pom pom and a different color, but otherwise it's basically the same. Probably the same brand, he considers, and wonders if the rest of her outfit is of a similar style as his. He also wonders if she's just nervous or shy, or if she's a quiet girl. She hasn't said a word yet other than 'Hello'.

"Are you ok Ariana?" He cautiously asks.

"Yes, why?" She timidly responds.

"You're so quiet. Don't be shy, ok?" He encourages her. Ariana nods but says nothing.

Arriving at the restaurant the hostess has no idea who he is or what happened to his reservation. He makes a bit of a scene imploring him to provide the table he reserved and that tonight is important to him. But the restaurant host can't help the pair. All tables are booked.

Ariana motions quietly for Chris to be still and suggests they go to another place. She doesn't like it that he draws attention like this.

Chris gives up and pulls Ariana along. "Sorry about that." He apologizes. "Where do you want to eat?"

Ariana shrugs and suggests pasta, she can do with Lasagna.

"I can cook pasta at home just as well, we don't need a restaurant for that…" He confidently brags.

Ariana curiously looks at him and curiously asks, "You can cook?"

"Sure, no biggie. Want me to show you?" He jokes. Ariana nods with a glint in her eyes. She never had a man cook for her.

A few minutes later Ariana sits in his car and they're on their way to his house, or flat… Or whatever he lives in.

She doesn't know.

Chris seems like a short tempered guy as he curses at other drivers that go too slow at traffic lights. And complains about slow traffic lights and seems very agitated.

Ariana looks in amazement at how he drives like a mad man while cursing others for driving like crap. The only crap driver she sees is Chris.

'He also lost his temper in the restaurant,' she thinks. Not a good look.

When they finally make it to his house on the outskirts of the city she is completely exhausted from the drive. Having no idea where she is, Ariana looks around and it seems like a nice enough neighborhood. He parks on his little driveway and escorts her into the hallway.

"Welcome!" he invites her in. Ariana mumbles a thanks, and looks at the simple furnishings the small and old TV.

That's like 12 words so far, Chris thinks with a slight frustration. He takes her coat and is in awe of the cute lines in her face.

Chris tries to estimate her body type but it's hidden under her outfit. Nice legs at least he aptly notices. Ariana takes off her boots and as she bends over he gets a glimpse of her small butt. Nice ass too, he thinks relieved. He loves small butts.

In fact, he decides, she’s physically perfect. Now if only they can fall in love.

Chris gives her the quick tour, showing her the living room, which way the kitchen is and says she should make herself at home. "You can keep me company in the kitchen, or relax in the living room. It's up to you." He finishes. "But please, don't be so quiet. I don't bite."

Ariana smiles at him, "I'll help you cook."

"Alright then. This way." He guides her to the kitchen.

Ariana helps him chop mushrooms and bell pepper. Chris turns out to be a decent cook. Ariana likes his sauce, which he 'makes' from pre-made tomato sauce from a jar. He adds plenty of mushrooms, bell pepper and some spice to it. So it's actually a decent meal. But nothing like a restaurant would serve.

Ariana doesn't say much, she answers his questions, but has few of her own. Chris thinks she's rather boring.

And as dinner finishes he asks, "So, uh. I have to ask. Do you want to be here? Should I take you home? Or what do you think of me? Am I boring you?"

"No, it's fine. I just don't know what to say." Ariana says.

"How come? Aren't you curious about me?" Chris then wants to know. "I mean, we don't know each other, so there is everything to talk about…"

Ariana looks at him with nervous eyes.

"Yes? No?" Chris is starting to get impatient, "Something you want to say?"

Ariana finally admits, "You're my first date in a while. It's difficult. I don't know." She looks down at her plate.

Chris gives up, this won't do for a potential girlfriend he thinks. Boring chicks are stupid. He shifts into 'one-night-stand-mode', his dream woman disappearing in the fog of his mind. "Alright then, do you want some beer? Or something else?" Chris casually asks, ignoring her last comment.

Ariana says she'll have beer, thinking he'll appreciate that. Something like a drinking buddy. She prefers Coca Cola though.

He keeps talking to Ariana making casual banter while providing her with alcohol and 7 beers later Ariana is leaning into him plucking at his shirt while smiling at his silly jokes. His arm is firmly around her shoulders. A few minutes later they find themselves in his bedroom.

He has playfully pushed her down on her back and is pulling on her socks, exposing her small feet. When he crawls over her and pulls her leggings down he notices there are no panties under them. That's hot, he thinks, surprised.

Quickly kicking off his jeans and throwing his shirt aside he helps Ariana out of her jumper and shirt and doesn't spot a bra either. Not that she really needs one for this kind of outfit. Her small B-cup breasts are firm and well rounded.

‘Beautiful…’ He thinks. ‘Such a pity her mind isn’t here.’

Climbing on top while quickly rolling on a condom he pushes inside Ariana who seeming uncaring lets him do his thing. Only breathing in sharply and pulling a surprised face as he enters her. She looks at him as he plants his hands next to her head and starts thrusting into her, staring into her eyes.

She's not quite passive, but not really participating either. Ariana looks scared. ‘Like she's expecting something bad to happen,’ he thinks.

After a few thrusts Ariana relaxes and starts participating in their love making, with an elated look on her face she starts to enjoy the sex and moans audibly and gasps every time Chris pushes into her. ‘This is so different from when Matt fucked me, or even that guy in the nightclub once. Sex can be good,’ she thinks.

Ariana looks more relaxed and enjoys Chris's lovemaking. She reaches up and pulls him close, wrapping her arms and legs around him trying to absorb his energy for everything she's worth.

Chris feels her desire and holds his arm across her shoulder blades in a sort of hug while sitting up pulling Ariana along. She clumsily rides his dick while they sit up and look into each other's eyes and smile. Ariana is moaning quietly as Chris sits there balancing them both while holding Ariana close to his chest. ‘She's so hot’, he thinks. ‘So cute.’

When he orgasms a few moments later Ariana drops backwards on the bed. Lying on his legs, pinned on his penis. Chris is not sure what to think of Ariana. Pulling out and throwing the condom away he invites her to the shower but she shakes her head and curls up on her side.

Chris shrugs and goes to wash himself.

20 minutes later, when he's done Ariana is gone. A message on his phone from Ariana thanking him for dinner and a nice time, apologizing for leaving like this. And asking if he can message her sometime soon.

"What a fucking weirdo…" He mumbles.

Ariana finds her way home later that night. She had wandered around Chris's neighborhood for an hour looking for a bus stop but didn't find one. Eventually she spots a lone taxi and has it drive her back to the dorm.

Over the next few days the Tinder likes keep pouring in, several dozen a day. All happy to meet Ariana. On one hand she feels flattered but she also realizes most guys just want to fuck her. Half the time the guys don’t even introduce themselves.

Chris never replied to her message. He wants, or wishes rather, that Ariana would be more extroverted. He is, and he really likes to call her his girlfriend. But she’s so boring he argued with himself all day. Finally deciding he won’t pursue her.

Ariana had waited for his message for a day or so but when he unmatched her she came to the conclusion that maybe he isn't so nice after all.

It’s been 2 weeks and Ariana had 4 more dates with seemingly nice and friendly guys, and every one of them had talked her into having sex.

One guy just wanted a blowjob and was pleased with her trying to deepthroat him without asking. She had couched and spluttered his semen back on him by accident, which he very much didn't like.

Yesterday she had been fucked in the ass. She didn’t agree to it, but felt powerless to say 'no' to the large man as he held her tight. At least he was gentle and sweet. She doesn't really like anal, but endures it if her date wants it. Ariana had really enjoyed his confident demeanor and had asked to meet him again for dinner. But he didn't reply.

Ariana thinks it's getting annoying to only find the wrong kind of guy. But she doesn't know where to find the right one.

#### 2 - The gentleman

Today she feels like just going to the movies and having a drink with a friend. Given her recent track record she has no hopes of that happening. Tinder is full of oversexed weirdo’s she had learned.

Ariana had changed her profile text to indicate she’s looking for a real connection with a confident but caring man. Not looking for sex. Serious dating with an option for more.

There are only some 200 likes to choose from. Her phone runs overtime with the notifications.

Ariana sees an attractive man in his late 40s, more than twice her age. His bio says he wants companionship for conversation and meaningful friendship. ‘That sounds nice‘, Ariana thinks.

She swipes right and the match is made.

The next day there is a message from Mr. Jacob Bell. If she can add him on WhatsApp for an introduction. She replies that she prefers Telegram and provides her screen name. Hoping he'll talk to her there.

30 minutes later a message arrives in Telegram, Jacob made an account for her so they can talk. They hit it off and Ariana really likes his down to earth chat. He is very friendly and ready to talk about anything. Plus, he didn't mention sex once and seems genuinely interested in her and what she's up to.

After chatting for 2 days he doesn’t ask, but rather tells her they're to meet tomorrow evening at the cinema where she can choose any film as long as it’s ‘arrival’.

Intrigued by his summons she agrees to come. She likes talking to Jacob, and decides to wear a similar outfit as she did for her date with Chris. Dark leggings, big woolen socks and her snow boots. A shirt and sweatshirt under her thick winter coat and her tuque covering her head.

Jacob is nicely dressed in jeans and leather shoes. A brown leather coat covering his torso. He stops confidently in front of her, his balding head bare in the cold, reflecting the street lights.

"You must be Ariana." He states. "You look lovely. Very lovely indeed." He compliments her while pulling off a glove so he can shake her hand. He looks right through her with a stare she finds intimidating and attractive at the same time.

"Hello, Jacob, sir?" Ariana says with a smile.

"Ohhh nonono!" He calls out with a laugh, "There are no sirs here. It's not the army, just call me Jacob please." He tells her laughing.

She looks up at him and smiles, he's very tall. "Ok… Ehh, Jacob."

"Shall we find some warmth?" He suggests.

"Sure." Ariana quips.

He gives her his left hand glove to wear and grabs her tiny right hand with his uncovered left hand. They walk hand in hand to the cinema which is a block down the street. Arriving at the cinema Jacob waltzes right past the queue and knocks on the ticket window, much to the dismay of the other people waiting. Murmuring he should wait his turn. Jacob asks for his reserved tickets and quickly scans his debit card through the contactless payment option and escorts an amazed Ariana inside.

"Hah!" He laughs, "Let those fools wait in the cold. We're inside now!"

They head inside and Ariana is offered popcorn, drinks, and hotdogs. Anything she wants. Ariana smirks and likes Jacobs confident attitude. She imagines he's a manager of something. Used to leading people and getting his way. She politely refuses all the treats except for a large coca cola and some M&M's.

He gets a beer and popcorn for himself, fully expecting for Ariana to steal his popcorn midway through the movie.

Their movie, 'Arrival', is soon announced and Jacob and Ariana head into the theater. They're all the way in the back, sharing a love seat. Ariana never sat in a loveseat in the cinema but she likes the idea and soon she has taken off her boots and crawls up against Jacob with her legs pulled up, watching a movie she doesn't understand.

Spaceships came to earth with sideways gravity. And people trying to make sense of the language of the aliens inside? Not her kind of movie…

Jacob feels Ariana's warmth and really enjoys having her close by. Her small body really fits well under his arm, he thinks. She seems comfortable with him. Sighing quietly to himself as he carefully wraps his arm around her shoulders.

After the movie Jacob invites her to a nearby bar for a drink and they sit in a secluded booth. Ariana stares at the large man across the table, unsure what to say. Jacob doesn't mind her quiet manner in the slightest it seems, he talks about himself while asking her all kinds of things.

When the conversation falls quiet for a moment Ariana asks, "Do we go to your place now?" Expecting him to want to have sex with her. She thinks she wants to. Jacob is nice, manly. She likes him a lot.

He looks at her taken aback, and asks. "I don't see why?"

"A hotel then?" Ariana asks with unsure eyes. "Or where do you take your dates for ehh, you know, sex?"

"Ariana please, what kind of a man do you think I am?" He looks hurt. Again staring right through her with his intimidating look.

Ariana looks down embarrassed and says quietly, "I don't know… Sorry I asked. I thought you liked me."

Jacob says nothing for a few moments and just looks at her. Finally he asks. "Ariana, is that why you're here? For sex?"

"No, not really, but all men always only want sex…" Ariana says timidly. "It's how dating works, how the world works, no? And this time, with you, I feel you're, ehh… you're very nice to me. I like you."

"No! That's not how the world works." he says firmly.

Ariana looks at him with sad eyes. Feeling stupid for even asking. Another date ruined and it hasn't even finished yet, she thinks.

He continues, "I just want a nice friend Ariana. That's what I put in my profile. That's what you, presumably, choose me for. Right? Tell me, why are you on Tinder?"

"I want to find a sweet caring man to marry and be happy…" Ariana admits. "Someone like you." She adds barely audible.

"It sounds like you're not having much luck…" He smirks.

Ariana nods her head. "Everyone disappears… Nothing clicks…" She whispers.

"Listen, Ariana," Jacob starts, "I'm not here for sex. I'm here to make you my friend. I'll tell you now. I'm married and I'm seeing 2 more girls just like yourself. One is a bit older than you and likes to go riding bicycles and other outdoorsy stuff with me. The other likes shopping and going to parties… And you, I think you like going to the movies. My wife, however, she's not interested in any of such things and just likes to sit at home grading papers from her students or whatever. So I've made some friends and meet them whenever I have a chance. Today was one of those chances, and I really enjoyed my time with you."

"Oh…" Ariana says. "But I need a boyfriend… A real one. To love and follow."

"What do you mean to follow?" Jacob asks.

"I just want you… Him, to be the boss… I don't know." Ariana vaguely explains

"You're one of those submissive types huh?" Jacob smiles at her. "You need a strong man to take care of you?"

Ariana nods with a helpless look in her eyes.

"Maybe he should slap you around a bit if you do something he doesn't like?" Jacob continues.

Ariana looks wanton and squirms in her seat, "Maybe…"

"Someone who makes you feel small and insignificant even though deep down you know you are his most valuable possession?" He finishes with a grin.

"Ohhhh, yes…" Ariana whimpers with dreamy eyes. "Please, Jacob. Let it be you…"

"The mere thought excites you. Am I right?" He asks with a knowing smile. Staring into her eyes again as he says it.

Ariana crosses her arms on the table and drops her head in it with a sigh. She's so confused and excited by Jacobs words. Everything he says makes perfect sense, he just described the perfect man for her and it's probably him.

Knowing deep down he'll never take advantage of her. Except he's married to some boring bitch. What rotten luck, she thinks.

"Here's what you'll do, Ariana. For us." Jacob says with a smile.

"Yes boss?" Ariana looks hopeful.

"Boss?” He laughs, “Anyway, I want you to go out and find a nice guy. And if you think you found one you'll show me and we'll see if he's worthy of your time. No more dating before I approve of them. If he's not up to the standard… Then he can't meet you." He laughs at her. "It can be our pastime, don't you think?"

"Do you want to see my Tinder likes?" Ariana asks. "There are hundreds… Actually, no. I don't need your approval."

Ariana suddenly feels upset at Jacob’s game, turning her world upside down with his clever words. She needs a boyfriend, not some married smartass who thinks he knows her.

"So just movie buddies then?" Jacob asks, all serious.

"No, leave me alone!" Ariana gets up and rushes out of the bar with tears in her eyes.

Over the next few days Jacob apologizes via Telegram a few times and they chat for a while. He claims Ariana intrigues him, and he wishes to meet again. He promises he wants the best for her and can really help with finding her dream guy assuring her he 'knows people'. When that doesn't really work he tries to tell her they're going to meet, like he did for their date. But Ariana won't hear it.

Instead she tells him that if he's not going to love her and own her she won't meet him again, and that completes Ariana's self sabotage. Jacob doesn't reply anymore after that.

He soon finds his cinema buddy and quickly forgets about Ariana and her nonsense.

#### 3 - Modeling gig

Ariana meets a few more guys from Tinder and the dates are alright but not much fun. She can't connect with any of them beyond a decent meetup or two and sex afterwards. Word got out Ariana is on Tinder and there is some interest from her classmates in college but she's shy to respond and again, doesn't feel any connection with them.

She misses Jacob's charm and perceptiveness, he had figured her out. And she curses her incessant thoughts about him and her ineptness in finding more men like him.

Her roommate, Abby, invites her to the new year's party promising there will probably be strong and manly guys. Ariana doesn't feel like going, but she'll think about it.

The next day one of her Tinder matches starts talking. He praises her looks and insists she meet him for a modeling gig. Curiously Ariana asks what that is about, and he tells her he needs an Asian model to wear snow boots for a large department store. To make the photos more interesting he has selected a spot in the nearby forest for it.

"So, how much does that pay?" Ariana asks, she can always use some extra money.

"Well, for one afternoon, $400 bucks." The guy tells her. "And I also have another gig, if you're up for it. But it involves some light bondage."

"What kind of bondage?" Ariana wants to know.

"Oh, nothing exciting really. Just a few handcuffs to model for a fetish store."

"And how much does that pay?"

"Much less, it's not a big company, $100 or so I think it was." He says, not really expecting Ariana to want it.

"Oh ok, I'll do both. When is it? Can we meet?" Ariana says, thinking that earning 500 bucks in an afternoon is a great deal.

The guy, now introducing himself as Rob, tells her they can meet the next day at the forest outside the city. He'll bring all the paperwork and everything.

Ariana says she has no car, so she'll need a ride.

He offers to pick her up at her home then. They set a time and Ariana gives him the location of her college dorm and signs off feeling all excited.

The next day it's Saturday and Ariana rushes to be ready at 1PM. Rob said they'll be in the snow, so she wears purple leggings over a pair of pantyhose and a short black skirt over that. It's very cold and snowy today so a thick woolen shirt over a tank top and finally her coat finishes her outfit. Of-course she wears her own snow boots and one of her knit woolen hats.

Rob shows up in a blue van, he briefly shows her the back where he has some camera gear and shows her the contract for the photo shoot. As well as the many boots she has to model.

Ariana looks briefly at the first page, sees the salary of 400 + 100 and that it's to be paid in cash upon completion. Skips to the 2nd page and signs the agreement.

Rob looks pleased at finding a very pretty girl for the afternoon thinking she'll do fine modeling the boots. He thinks the neutral leggings will work fine. So no need for her to change outfits even.

Nice and easy.

Ariana likes the new line of boots. But is less enthused with the handcuffs. They're all steel designs, some look menacing with the short chain. Another pair just has a strong looking hinge. It looks intimidating and scary. But Rob assures her she can trust him.

They get in the van and he drives them to the nearby national forest. He parks the van on the far end and shows her the spot which is about 50 meters from the parking area. There is a small clearing with a small bump, or hill, in the middle. He explains the place is nice because if she walks up the little hill from the back there will be no footprints in the snow. Showing her his idea and where to walk. He also insists they do not disturb the snow that will be visible in the shots.

He sets up his gear for the shoot and offers Ariana a hot chocolate drink from a thermos while she waits. To keep her warm, he says.

She accepts, appreciating the friendly gesture. Unknown to her, the sweet taste of the drink is not from sugar, like she assumes. Instead Rob has added in a quite a lot of rum.

When the set is ready Ariana has to wear each pair of boots and carefully step onto the hill as he takes his pictures. It's the same for every pair of boots. Step on the hill, lift one foot to show the shoes. He takes a few close ups, one of her whole body and on to the next pair. After a few pairs tedium sets in, but Rob keeps making jokes and praising her modeling skills so it's a fun time none-the-less.

Every time she sits down to change boots she takes a few sips of her chocolate drink and she feels nice and warm and really starts to enjoy her work. It's quite easy too, and Rob is very encouraging.

Next are the handcuffs. Ariana looks at them with unfocused eyes from the alcohol. Rob is busy preparing a little scene for his shoot. He wants to shoot each pair of cuffs on her where she kneels in the snow holding out her arms so he can take a good picture. Simple really. She giggles at him drunkenly as he explains his idea.

"So I'm your captive? Or slave?" she blubbers.

"Yeah I guess, for a few minutes." He laughs at her with a sly smile.

"Ok boss!" Ariana feels wobbly on her legs and she thinks her arms are heavy as she holds up the first pair of handcuffs.

Rob takes his pictures and puts on the next pair. Letting go of her arm Ariana loses her balance from her crouched position and falls forward in the snow. This ruins the shot. As Ariana struggles to get up she slips and falls on her side, messing up her hair and outfit.

She giggles drunkenly and feels silly. Rob looks upset and puts her in the van with another drink. Ariana doesn't really care anymore and just sits in the van drinking her hot chocolate with her cuffed hands. Rob meanwhile doesn't care about the handcuffs or the shoot. He realized his idea is crap as the snow in the background doesn't highlight the cuffs like he hoped. He puts his gear in the van and focuses on Ariana, moving on to his next plan, which is far less decent.

He takes away the thermos and lifts her cuffed hands over her head pulling them down behind the headrest of her seat.

"Hey…whaddareyoudoin?" Ariana protests.

"Oh, shut up…" Rob tells her. He unzips her coat and roams his hands over her shirt feeling her up through it.

Ariana sits quiet for a moment before realizing something weird is going on and starts struggling. "Lemmego!" she slurs.

Rob has reached the lower hem of her shirt and flips the shirt up over her face exposing her stomach and breasts. He leans in through the open passenger door while kneading her small breasts and pinches her nipples.

Ariana doesn't want this and starts struggling to get free and screams for help. Her distress quickly sobering her up from her sullen state.

A few moments later Rob's hands abruptly leave her body and she hears something of a gasp and a dull thwack followed by an unknown voice. "I believe if a lady screams it means she doesn't want it bro!" The voice says.

"What do you care? And she's under contract…" Rob yells back, sounding scared and angry at the same time.

"Contract or not, I don't care. Stop mistreating her or I will knock you out." The voice promises Rob. Then Ariana's shirt is pulled down and she looks bewildered at the unknown man grinning at the damsel in distress. "Hello beautiful, I'm here to rescue you."

"Please lemme go" Ariana blabbers, her breath strongly smelling of alcohol.

He smells the alcohol and says, "I see. Do you want me to take you home? Or to the city at least?"

Ariana nods sullen and slurs, "I want to be home. Go now." She mumbles. "Who are you?"

"I'm Brian, at your service." He lifts her hands over the headrest of the passenger seat and tells Rob to release Ariana.

Rob silently complies.

Brian then orders him to hand over her belongings, which is a small backpack that's standing in the sliding side door. And finally Brian guides Ariana away to his car on the other end of the parking. "Hey, What's your name? Are you ok?"

"I'm Ariana, I need my money." Her head clearing in the cold.

"Money? From him?" Brian asks.

"I’m a model, lots of money." Ariana blurts out.

They reach his car and Brian places her in the passenger seat. "He was going to pay you for being his model?" He asks.

Ariana nods. "Lots of money, and I wanna go home!" She blabbers, suddenly feeling sleepy.

Brian shakes his head and tells her to wait, and he heads back to Rob, who is packing up his last bits and bops. He looks suspiciously at Brian approaching. "What now?"

"She says you owe her money? How much?"

"What business is it of yours?" Rob calls him out.

"Unless you want me to go to the police and report you, you better pay up!" Brian threatens Rob.

"Fine, here, take it." Rob grumbles, seeing a way out without police getting involved. He throws a wad of cash at Brian and jumps in his van and races away. Snow and mud flying everywhere from his spinning tires.

Brian counts the money, seeing that it's almost 700 bucks and thinks that's probably enough and heads back to his car.

Ariana is slumped over the center console and sleeps, drooling over his seat.

‘Geez’, he thinks, and tries to sit her upright. Ariana wakes up and looks at him with bleary eyes. "Who are you!?" She exclaims. "Where is Rob?"

"I'm Brian. I took you away from Rob. I'm going to take you home now."

Ariana nods and mumbles something. Maybe a thanks, he isn't sure.

Brian doesn't know what to do. All he wanted for the afternoon was to take a lazy stroll and admire the snow covered forest. Instead he beat up a guy and rescued a drunken girl from a rape.

He looks at Ariana and realizes she's not just pretty, but very attractive. The fine lines in her face give her an amazingly cute look. Feeling his penis harden in his pants an urge comes over him, he wants to know everything about her. Most of all if she's single and likes him…

#### 4 - Brian to the rescue

He looks in her backpack and finds an old iPhone. The back is scratched and the screen cracked. 'That's an old one,' he thinks. Unlocking it with her thumb he glances at her contacts and discovers her name is indeed Ariana and she has herself in her contact list. With her address. He also spots her roommate, aptly named ‘Abby roommate’. He sends a message asking her to help him bring Ariana home and make sure she's alright.

Abby, doesn't understand but agrees to share her location outside the dorm building when he is near, so he knows where on campus he can drop off Ariana.

He then drives into the city with a sleeping Ariana in his passenger seat. Cursing the day away.

Almost half an hour later he turns and enters the campus grounds and sends his arrival message from Ariana's phone. A location pin arrives moments later and he heads towards it.

Arriving at the spot, he sees a chubby girl with a sweet face jog towards his car. "Whoa, what the fuck happened?" She looks at the passed out girl in the passenger seat.

"I'm not sure, I found her in the national forest parking being felt up by some guy in a van. I think he was going to rape her. She's very drunk."

Abby smells Ariana's breath and looks suspicious at Brian. "And you happened to just walk by?" She asks.

"Yes I did, actually," Brain says defensively. "I knocked the guy out and saved her." He explains.

"Uh-huh…" Abby squints her eyes, she doesn't believe him. She then starts pulling Ariana out of the car.

"Here, take her bag and stuff too." Brian calls after her.

Abby grabs Ariana's things and helps an unsteady Ariana inside the dorm building. Ariana is waking up and drawls things to Abby about wanting to sleep and going home. Inside, Abby drops Ariana in bed and lets her sleep, considering if she should call the police, but she decides to wait for Ariana to tell her story first.

The next day Ariana has a crushing headache. She's moody and hates everything.

"Hey roomie!" Abby greets her. "Are you ok? Tell me what happened yesterday. Should we call the cops?"

Ariana is in no mood to talk but Abby insists. "No. I'm fine. I earned money with a modeling job. That's it."

"A modeling job? Then why was there a guy bringing you home all fucked up and drunk? He says he saved you from being raped!" Abby wants to know.

"I don't remember that. I was in the woods, with eh… someone." Ariana doesn't remember Rob's name and looks for her money as the proof, but can't find it. "Where is my money?" She looks angry at Abby.

"What money?" Abby asks.

"Give me back my money Abby!" Ariana scoffs at her roommate.

"Seriously, what money?" Abby looks upset now. She has no idea what Ariana is talking about.

"I earned it yesterday, $500 for modeling shoes! Where is it?" Ariana yells.

"Maybe that guy kept it? The one who brought you home…" Abby says.

Ariana lets herself drop on her bed feeling miserable. No money, no memory. Her roommate is being stupid or a thief… That fucking headache! "Urhg!" She groans. ‘How can this day start any worse,’ she thinks. "Just leave me alone!" She yells into her pillow.

Abby gives up, she leaves the room and heads into town. 'Fuck her,' she thinks. If she wants to be delusional and angry she can do so on her own.

Ariana stays in bed, trying to alleviate her headache with sleep. She finally gets up around lunchtime and decides to go to the pharmacy and buy paracetamol and gatorade to ease her pain. Leaving her building she sees a man wave at her. He leans on a vaguely familiar car.

"Hey Ariana," he jogs towards her. "Can we talk for a few minutes?"

"Who the hell are you?" She growls at him.

"I'm Brian," He smiles at her as she marches past him. "Are you going to ask that every time you look at me?"

"What?" Ariana stops walking and turns around. "What do you mean?"

"You don't remember a thing do you?" Brian looks serious now. "Come, sit down with me so we can talk things over."

"Look, Brian? Is it? My head fucking hurts. I'm no…" Ariana starts.

"Ariana, please. 5, 10 minutes. It's all I ask. I have your money." Brian implores her. Holding up a thick roll of dollars.

Ariana lunges at him. "That's my money, give it to me! Abby was right, you stole it!"

Brian simply holds the money high in the air as Ariana jumps repeatedly at it trying to grab it. "Will you calm the fuck down and listen to me?" He talks down to Ariana.

She looks at him disturbed and clings to his arm and asks timidly, "Fine, what do I have to do to get my money? What do you want? A date? A favor? What?"

‘Geez what a psycho’, he thinks. But he's intrigued by her all-the-same, just like yesterday. He thinks for a second and says, "I want you to stop making a scene and have a coffee with me."

"I hate coffee!" Ariana growls at him.

"Just come with me, psycho…" Brian says and pushes her towards the main road where he saw a Starbucks on his way in.

They head to the coffee shop and Brian orders a coffee for himself and orange juice for Ariana. They sit down in a corner and Ariana looks at him quietly. ‘He's kinda cute,’ she thinks. When he looks back they smile awkwardly at each other.

"Do you really think I'm a psycho?" She quietly asks when he sits down with their drinks.

"Maybe… You sure act like one today…" He smirks.

"You're not the guy from yesterday… Why do you have my money?" She then suspiciously asks, "And who are you?"

Brian sighs, "Once again. My name is Brian. I have your money because you were too drunk yesterday to even walk or think. And then that other girl, Abby? She helped you inside and I forgot to give it to you."

Ariana blinks. "Drunk? I didn't drink anything but juice and hot chocolate!"

"Then that guy you were with spiked your drink before he moved in for the rape." Brian matter of factly states.

"Rape? What rape!?" Ariana calls out. Several other customers look disturbed at them hearing the word.

Brian gestures to lower her voice. "That guy? He had you handcuffed in his van and was about to rape you." He hushes her. "A few minutes later and I would have been too late. When I took you away from there you said he owed you money for boots or something so I went and got it for you." He drops the wad of cash on the table and Ariana stares at it in disbelief.

'Soooo, you saved me then? Is that it? Or are you in on all this?"

Brian shrugs, maybe he doesn't want to know anything more about this weirdo. "I did yes, I'm not in on anything…" He assures her. "But you did disturb my afternoon walk." He finishes his coffee.

Ariana says nothing and is busy with her money, thinking it's way too much. And smiles inward at her luck.

Brian gets up to leave, "Get better and be smarter Ariana, have a nice life." And he walks away. He's made up his mind. ‘No unthankful bitches for him. She didn't even thank him… What a waste of a beautiful woman’, he thinks, pitying his bad luck.

"Huh? What?" Ariana returns to reality, looking at the empty chair Brain had sat in. But he is already gone.

Coming home with aspirin, gatorade and a packet of mars bars she waits for her roommate in bed. When Abby comes back Ariana apologizes to Abby and thanks her for helping her the day before. They share the mars bars and Abby is happy again. She loves chocolate.

#### 5 - New years special

3 weeks later it's December 31st. Ariana had given up on finding her dream guy on Tinder and agreed to join Abby to the party, both live on campus full time with no family to go back to for the holidays. Abby has some friends in town that usually throw good parties.

Abby dresses up in her combat pants. A woodland camouflage design with pink instead of brown in it. Along with a basic sweater. Ariana tries to be a bit more fashionable and wears pantyhose and a dress under a woolen jumper. She's going to meet a manly man after-all, or so she hopes. Both wear their black sneakers which they got from a 2-for-1 sale a while ago.

Around 10:30 PM they walk the few blocks from the college to Abby's friends and are buzzed in. On the top floor the girls enter a lively party in a roomy apartment filled with people and with loud music coming from every direction.

Ariana almost immediately loses Abby in the crowd as she goes to find her friends and say hi. Ariana doesn't know anyone, so she goes to find the kitchen for coca cola, or something. In the kitchen there are cans of beer everywhere and Ariana grabs 2 cans, looking around for Abby.

Brian had arrived at the party the hour before and stands near the door looking bored. He has no date unlike most people here and feels like a 5th wheel, cursing the dumb idea to go here instead of watching a movie at home. Abby and Ariana step through his view but he pays no attention to them until he realizes that the asian chick has no date either.

He observes Ariana from his spot, she looks lost holding a few beers and he recognises her from 3 weeks ago. The psycho girl from the woods. But man, she looks nice again. And much friendlier too. After looking at her for a few moments he decides to see if she wants to give him a beer and maybe dance for a bit.

"Hey girl, how are you?" He asks stopping in front of Ariana.

Startled, Ariana looks Brian up and down, "Hello? I'm alright." She looks at his face, "What's your name?"

This again, he thinks. And he introduces himself, "I'm Brian, are you drinking both of those?" He gestures at the cans of beer and decides to start over and not remind her of a few weeks ago.

"Ehh, yes… I was gonna. But you can have this one." She smiles at the cute man, handing him a beer.

"Great, thanks. So ehh, you're here alone?" Brian looks around.

"Yea, no… I'm here with my friend Abby. But she's somewhere…" Ariana looks lost, gesturing into the apartment.

"Hah, ok. So do you mind some company then? Maybe a dance?" Brian tries.

"I don't dance… But can we go someplace more quiet? I don't like the music."

"Sure, balcony?" He holds up his arm so she can hook hers into it. Ariana does and he escorts her to the balcony. The cold snaps into their faces and Ariana shivers.

"Whoa… fucking cold." She calls out. "I wish I was in a tropical place!"

"Hah, well, let me help you." And Brian snaps his fingers but nothing happens. "Hmm…" He winks at her and snaps his fingers again. "Tough luck… There is no escape for us." he apologizes.

Ariana laughs and gulps down her beer. "Where is your girlfriend?" She wants to know.

"I've been single for a while. My ex thought I was too strict towards her… Haven't found someone sweet and more compatible yet." He explains.

"Ohh… I can be sweet." Ariana naively breathes.

Brian looks at her and thinks, ‘uh-huh, psycho’. But says, "Oh really? Well how about you get us some Doritos then."

Ariana looks at him with curious eyes and says, "Sure boss." And heads inside.

Inside, Ariana is intercepted by Abby, "Hey, who's that guy you're talking to? Where have I seen him before?"

Ariana shrugs. "Brian-something, dunno. He's funny. He tried to teleport us to the tropics but it didn't work."

"Hah, go girl. He looks cute." Abby winks at her not understanding what Ariana is talking about. They walk to the kitchen. "My friend is being a dick," she complains.

"Oh, why?" Ariana curiously asks.

"It’s nothing really. I just thought he wanted me to come, but I think he forgot I was actually coming. And now it's like he doesn't want to see me."

"Time to find a new friend then… Or try harder." Ariana suggests she grabs a few beers, a bag of Doritos and heads back outside leaving Abby by the fridge frowning at her friend.

Geez, she's in a rush. She thinks, still wondering where she saw Brian before. But then shrugs and decides to lay her best wrap on her friend and win his attention.

"I'm back," Ariana announces. Placing 4 more beers on the balcony railing while she holds up the bag of Dorito chips.

"Good girl. Thanks." Brian says with a smile. "So you're just playing along right? Obeying me when I told you to?"

"No, why? You wanted Doritos right? So I got it for you." Ariana asks.

He nods approvingly and complains, "Girls these days… They're often so haughty and stuck-up." Brian sighs. "I just want someone nice and fun… Someone who knows her place…"

"…To serve you and follow your lead?" Ariana inquires all serious.

"Ehh, yes. I guess…" Brian starts to say.

"And slap her around if she doesn't behave?" Ariana continues.

Brian looks at her. "Yes… Maybe, but not in a bad way… Anyway, do you live around here?"

"Yes, on campus…" She says, and then, "And you'll make her feel insignificant and small while she's your most prized possession?" Ariana continues, staring at Brian with a dreamy look.

"What? Ehh… Yes, if she's a good girl… But what are you talking about?" Brian sounds confused. Geez, here comes the weirdo again, he thinks.

"Hold me boss… Please?" Ariana softly asks.

Brian dumbly wraps an arm around her standing behind her. His head is above hers, he can rest his chin on her head. "How old are you anyway? 20 or something, right? Tell me about yourself." He softly asks.

"I'll be 20 soon." She whispers back, looking up at Brian. "Hold me tighter please. What do you want to know?"

"I want to know everything about you…" Brian says, squeezing his arm tight around her torso, right above her breasts causing Ariana to mmpf softly. "Like so?" He asks, not sure what she's up to.

"Mmm, yes. That's it." Ariana is in her own little world with her eyes closed, feeling stuck and safe.

Brian looks around a bit embarrassed at the strange display they're putting on. "So, uhh, now what?" He asks.

Ariana says nothing and just smiles with her eyes closed, lost in thought. She's leaning into Brian's chest.

Abby sees Ariana smiling dreamily as she’s being held by Brian and feels jealous. Now she’s the one who is alone it seems. And with only 30 minutes to go until midnight, who is she going to kiss at midnight? She walks up to Ariana, "Hey, here you are… Who’s your friend?" She looks curiously at Brian, surely she knows him from somewhere.

Brian lets go of Ariana and introduces himself like they never met. Which technically isn’t untrue. She never learned his name and only exchanged a few words. He hopes she keeps quiet to Ariana about it, as clearly Ariana has no idea.

Ariana looks disturbed at Abby's interruption and holds on to Brian's arm, she likes him, his casual jokes. He’s handsome. He didn't talk about sex yet, and she feels he wants, or needs, a woman like her. He's her lucky find maybe?

Abby curiously looks between the 2 but can’t place him. Ariana looks like she’s ready to marry the guy. He must be really sweet to her. "Hey Abby?" She hears a voice behind her. "Come here will you? Let the lovebirds be…" Abby looks behind her and sees her friend beckoning her over, much friendlier than before. "Happy new year Ariana, Brian." She says, "I’ll be with him." She winks at Ariana, who nods.

"Lovebirds huh?" Brian says laughing, "Is that what's happening here? Or are we walking into someone’s trap?" He smirks. "Hey, do you want to go somewhere? We can try to get on the roof."

Ariana looks up at her man and nods, "Yeah, let's watch the fireworks…" She suggests. ‘Lovebirds’, she thinks, ‘could it be?’

Brian holds up his arm again and Ariana hooks hers into it and they head for the stairs and to the roof. He leans into the old door at the top of the stairs, seeing it flex, he kicks the door handle and the door cracks open. He helps her step out onto the roof. "Aha, look! We can watch the fireworks from there." He points at a small raised area with a ledge to sit against.

They sit down and Ariana leans heavily on Brian, her head against his upper arm. Brian puts his arms around her waist while he pulls her on his lap sideways. "Are you ok like this?" He asks.

Ariana looks at him and leans over and softly kisses him on his nose. "Yes, you’re very kind to me, I like that." She holds her hands in her lap, looking into the night sky as downstairs a cheered countdown starts.

"Almost midnight!" Brian exclaims.

Ariana is focused on the city skyline, she wants to see fireworks. Tensing up as the sky explodes with fireworks all over the city. Her face lights up blue, green and pink as large fireworks explode overhead. The pair watch the fireworks for a few moments and Brian reaches his hand under her shirt, stroking her back. Ariana looks at him and kisses him on his lips.

"I want to…" she starts mumbling.

Brian doesn't say anything but lets his hands roam more freely, his right hand sneaking under her dress feeling around her butt. Seeing no rejection, he motions for her to get up and look over the city.

He gets behind her and flips her dress up, pulling her pantyhose and panties down. He quickly unzips his pants and points his penis at her behind. Before Ariana can refuse or ask him to put on a condom he slips inside her causing Ariana to gasp and breathe in sharply.

"Mmmm, no!" She groans as he starts thrusting into her. Weakly struggling to make him stop, reaching behind her and pushing his hips with her right hand.

Brian doesn’t notice her rejection and takes control of Ariana by holding an arm around her torso, trapping her arms to her side. And his other arm lower, across her stomach so he has leverage to thrust into her.

"Brian, no… please…" Ariana protests. "STOP!" She calls out.

Brian grunts and thrusts inside her one last time before pulling out, shooting his load over the roof’s edge. And he drops down on the ledge they sat on before while holding his dick in his hand while panting.

Ariana turns around and looks at him upset. "What the fuck Brian?"

"Wha…what?" He manages to utter. Looking at her with a goofy face.

"I didn’t mean you could fuck me!" she scolds him. "What’s wrong with you?"

Brian gathers his wits and looks at her with a frown, "You said you wanted me… I thought… you know."

"Yes, if you’d let me finish, I wanted to meet you again…" She sits down next to him.

"Oh… I see," Brian says sullen. "But you liked it? Didn’t you enjoy it at least?"

Ariana looks angry at a few far away fireworks and says nothing.

"Well?" Brian insists. No way she could accuse him of rape, right?

Ariana looks down and squeezes her hands together in her lap. "I did…" she finally admits. "I felt helpless… I like that." She whispers.

Brian feels a little relief and reaches out and wraps an arm around Ariana. "Hey, I’m sorry, ok? I thought you wanted a new years fuck. I thought you were into me."

Ariana looks at him, "I am, but can a date for once not be about sex?"

"We’re not on a date Ariana, we’re at a stupid party, remember?" Brian jokes. Ariana looks angry at him. And more serious he continues, "I mean, no, not every man is all about sex. I’m not, usually." He looks away, "You’re so fucking cute though… I just want to have you. You know?"

Hearing that, Ariana leans into him and confesses she likes him, but their relationship can't be about sex all the time. She wants a real boyfriend, someone who cares. Someone she can follow and obey and eventually marry.

Brian doesn’t know about the marrying part, or even the implied relationship, but she can certainly follow and obey him if she wants. Let’s go to my place, take a shower, watch a movie and see how we like each other in the morning.

Ariana nods eagerly. "What movie?" She asks.

"Ehh, the best movie, of course: Ghost in the Shell. You'll probably like manga, right?" He suggests.

She stares at him. "That’s my most favorite movie ever…" she breathes. "But not the 2nd one, that one…"

He interrupts her with a smirk. "I know, it's so bad. Except for the bar and boat shootout…" Brian laughs, "Well then, go say happy new year and goodbye to your friend, Abby, right? Tell her you’re going with me so she knows what you're doing, and we’ll leave right after."

"Yes boss," Ariana says, infatuated with him and his equal liking of her movie. "I will…" and she gets up.

Brian looks at her, "And fix your clothes. Here, lift up your skirt." He says.

She looks at him weird but does as he says. Brian reaches out and carefully pulls up Ariana’s panties and then tries to do up her pantyhose. She pulls it straight-ish and smiles at him. He then gets up and wipes a strand of hair behind her ear, smiling at her. "That's better." He smiles at her, and sends her on her way with a quick kiss.

Ariana looks shyly down and heads downstairs to find Abby.

#### 6 - Boyfriend, girlfriend

Ariana nervously follows Brian to his little flat. Unsure of his true intentions or how sincere he is. She thinks he likes her, but he seems to know her better than he lets on. It makes her nervous since she knows almost nothing about him.

Arriving at his door he warns her to watch out for his friend Ernie. Who, as he puts it, can be a needy little bastard.

Ariana laughs nervously at this, she doesn’t want his friends around. But says nothing, hoping he has his own bathroom and a lock on the door.

Entering the basic flat the two are jumped by an energetic cat. "Hey Ernie," Brian calls out. Stroking the red haired cat. "Look what I found at the party," he says to the animal. "A real girl…"

"Mreow!"

Ariana looks at Brian talking to his cat like it knows what he’s saying and thinks he’s cute and weird. What man makes friends with his cat like that, she thinks. "A cat? Not a roommate?" She asks with obvious relief in her voice.

Brian looks at her silly face and says, "Yep, much better than a housemate… Come, I’ll show you around." He shows her the simple flat, warning her to not step on certain floorboards as they’re weak and creak. He shows her the living room, bathroom and bedroom and tells her to make herself at home.

"Uhhuh… So I’ll take a shower then. I guess?" she asks.

"Yeah, if you want. Or just freshen up. I’ll see if I can make some nachos with a dip. See you in the living room." And he walks off.

Ariana frowns and is left speechless. He’s not expecting sex in the shower? And where is her towel? Does he just let her move freely in his house? That's all new to her. Lots of thoughts race through her head.

She sits on his toilet and considers taking a shower, but it’s almost 2am and she doesn’t feel like dealing with wet hair. Ariana locks the bathroom door and snoops through his cabinets. Finding a big fluffy towel. She looks in his medicine cabinet and finds a new toothbrush. "Mmhm," she mumbles to herself.

Taking off her jumper and dress she strips out of her pantyhose and underwear she washes her crotch. Standing in his bathroom naked, she brushes her teeth, unsure what to do. They’ll go to bed soon, after the movie. ‘Sleep…’ she thinks. He’ll probably fuck her all night.

Slipping back into her dress she heads into his bedroom and looks for some pajamas to wear. She finds a supersized jersey and boxershorts. 'I’ll borrow these,' she thinks. Sneaking back into the bathroom she changes outfits and goes to find Brian.

He sits on his couch playing with his phone. "Hey woman! I see you found some clothes?" He calls out with a laugh. "Ready for the movie? I made tomato salsa and have loads of nachos…"

"Sure, hey, can we talk for a sec?" Ariana asks as she sits down next to him.

"Yeah, what’s up?" He asks attentively.

"What happens after the movie?" She asks. "I mean, where do I sleep? What do you want of me?"

"I, uhh. That’s up to you I guess… What do you want to happen?" He responds.

"I don’t mind sleeping here. But no sex, ok? I just want to sleep." She carefully says. Looking at Brian for his reaction.

"Cool, anything you want… Stay as long as you please. If you want to go home after, or even now… Also fine, but I hope you’ll stay." Brian assures her.

"Why are you so nice to me?" Ariana asks suspiciously. "You don’t know me. Maybe I’m a psycho…"

"You’ll be the cutest psycho ever then. And indeed I barely know you, but I want to change that. I think I can manage tiny you… Plus, you're going to behave and have a good time. Ok?" Brian laughs at her.

Ariana says nothing and leans away from him, looking at the TV. What does that mean? She thinks feeling intimidated. "I’ll stab you if you try anything," she says in a low voice.

"No you won’t," he laughs, not feeling so sure. "Just be a good girl or I’ll throw you out…"

"Yes boss…" Ariana timidly says, her threat dismissed immediately. Changing the subject she asks if they can watch the movie. She loves Ghost in the shell. Motoko and Batou are her favorite characters ever.

"Come," Brian says, as he reaches for the remote. "I’ll keep you warm." He invites her over into his embrace and holds her close.

Ariana crawls up against him and focuses on the TV.

Brian is a gentleman the rest of the night. He enjoys her company, doesn’t touch her inappropriately and treats her nicely.

Ariana really likes that and thinks about him ordering her to behave and what that means. She also thinks about him letting her free in his flat, seemingly uncaring what she does, sees or touches. And she considers how easily he overpowered her with words and her not wanting to run away.

During the movie she steals glances at his face but he just rubs her shoulder and arm from time to time while his focus is on the movie, commenting on scenes like she does herself. His smile is indicative of him really enjoying himself.

When the movie finishes Ariana doesn’t move and leans sleepily on Brian. She knows the movie all the way through, front to back and inside out. Both the English and Japanese versions. She doesn’t particularly like the final fight scene where Motoko loses her robotic body, but Batou saving the Majors head and brain and fixing her up is sweet, Brian should be her Batou, she fantasizes yawning.

He sits for a few moments and then invites her to bed where they sleep in each other's embrace with no mention of sex. He doesn’t feel her up at all and just holds her and lets her snuggle up against him. Ariana is comfortable sleeping next to Brian and has pleasant dreams.

The next morning Brian wakes first and gathers Ariana’s clothes which are strewn across the bathroom. He puts them in a pile on the foot of the bed. He then goes and takes a shower, trying to get rid of his massive boner. Seeing Ariana in his bed wearing his shirt has him all hot and bothered. Maybe she’s a dream come true after all.

Just as he’s masturbating himself in the shower Ariana steps in with him and wraps her arms around him from behind. He tenses up in surprise for a second and turns around to face her.

Ariana feels his hard-on poke in her stomach and looks at it with a smirk. "Need a hand down there?" She smiles.

"You have no idea…" he stammers.

Ariana looks up at him while crouching down and grabs his penis with both hands. She slowly jerks him off while staring up at him. "Do you like this?" She innocently asks.

"Fuuuuuuuuck yeeees…" he slowly groans.

Ariana nibbles on the head, slowly sucking his penis inside her mouth. Trying to swallow him and deepthroat him. Bobbing her head back and forth.

"Whoa, fuuuck…" is all Brian can muster as he sees Ariana struggle with his penis in her mouth. Her eyes convey discomfort as she tries to please him, but she's oh so pretty doing it.

She coughs and splutters up a load of slime and looks at him apologetic, "You’re too big… I can't do it."

"That is fine honey, just do what you can…" Brian says encouraging.

"I don't like blowjobs, especially deep throating…" she complains while jerking him off, speeding up her pace. "It hurts… and then you just make me do it anyway?"

"You’re not very sexy when you complain, you know?" Brian sighs, pushing her hand away. "And why would I force you to suck me off?"

"Most men do…" Ariana says. "Isn’t that how it works? Obey your preferences?"

"Hah, a man's ultimate wish…" Brian laughs at her silly idea of sex. "Is that why you threatened to kill me last night? Not in the mood for sex?"

Ariana nods, "But you can force me if you wish…" she timidly admits. "Sometimes it’s good to be forced, I think."

Brian nods approvingly, but then says, "You should never do stuff you don’t like or want to do, silly." He looks at her, his erection long gone. "What kind of losers have you been dating? Where is your self respect?"

Ariana looks at him upset.

"Come here," Brian says, pulling her to her feet and hugging her. "If you want to be abused, that's your business. Maybe you like it that way… But I won’t force you into anything ever unless I think I know you want it." He promises her.

"Oh Brian," Ariana says, tearing up, "Make love to me…" Ariana pleads with him.

He doesn't need to be told twice.

His dick hardening rapidly, he lifts up her petite body and slides into her. Ariana wraps her legs around his waist while moaning quietly as he thrusts into her and bobs her body up and down on his dick.

“Yesss, ohh yess…” her gasps come more rapidly as Brian grunts and groans. After a while he lifts her up higher so his dick slips out of her and gestures for her to get down. Just as she kneels in front of him he spurts his seed all over her cute face, surprising Ariana.

He looks down at her surprised face with a smirk as the cum washes off her face under the shower water. “That’s a good look for you.” He laughs. Ariana doesn’t really get it but wipes her face and smiles back at him, wishing he’d make her orgasm too.

But Brian is done, having had his own orgasm he absentmindedly washes her hair and takes care of himself before stepping out of the shower, leaving Ariana to finish up by herself.

#### 7 - Football game

Ariana looks at the text message, she’s not sure what to think of it. Over the last three months she has been with Brian on the regular. Every weekend they would go out to someplace nice. Most weekends she’ll sleep at his place.

They never really said it out loud, but in her mind they’re very much girlfriend and boyfriend. He even got her a new phone for her birthday and a massive bouquet of roses for Valentines.

Ariana felt really lucky with Brian, until last week.

He is so sweet to her whenever they meet. And when they have sex he has his way with her. Holding her down, being forceful in the most charming way. She really likes that kind of sex. He’ll be all manly and strong, using her body without actually hurting her, doing things to her she actually likes. It’s amazing.

More recently the sex had gotten a bit more demanding. He had tied her with her hands above her head to his closet railing a few times, leaving her on her tiptoes all evening while he fingered or thrust into her whenever he felt like. Taking long breaks in between, leaving her to sort off dangle by her wrists, precariously balancing on her toes. He has done this twice now. And while she liked being helpless, she doesn’t like the position he puts her in. The duct tape on her wrists and ankles is far from comfortable.

He had also asked her to do a dare and have anal sex with him. Ariana had shrugged, she had done anal many times before. So that’s not much of a dare. When she told him, he had changed the dare and had her lean out of the open window of his flat while he fucked her from behind. She felt so embarrassed, even though she thinks, hopes, that nobody saw them.

And now this… He wants her to help serve his friends for the big football match that’s on TV tonight. What does that mean? Serve? Does he want to have his friends fuck her? Some kind of gangbang? The message worries her.

She’s about to send a reply saying she’s busy that night when he calls her to explain his ambiguous plan. “Hey lovely. How are you?” he smooth talks his lover.

“Hi Brian, what do you mean with ‘serve your friends’?” Ariana immediately wants to know.

“Oh you know, like you do for me. Bring beer and snacks. Nothing crazy. It’ll be fun.” Brian casually replies.

Ariana is not convinced. Still thinking a gangbang is about to happen. “Are you sure? I’m not your slave, right?”

“I promise darling. I would really appreciate it if you can come and help out for the evening. You can sleep here, after…”

Ariana thinks for a second. She had met some of his friends and doesn’t like them. She thinks of them as simple minded sports nerds. Always bawling about sports they don’t even play themselves. Annoying know-it-alls and none had shown any respect for her. Treating her like a dummy or ignoring her entirely.

“Make sure your friends are nice to me ok? You have to promise me…” Ariana says.

“I will, sweetheart. They know you’re mine. So you’ll come?” Brian sounds excited.

“Yea sure, what time?” Ariana wants to know, she wants to please Brian. And how bad can it be to bring some guys beer, she does it for Brian all the time already.

“Ehh, between 6 and 7 is fine. The game starts at 7PM. I’ll make sure everything is in order, ok?”

“Yea ok, I’ll be there soon.” Ariana says.

“You’re amazing! See you soon then!” And he hangs up.

Ariana sighs, thinking she can always leave if it’s no good. Or she’ll lock herself in the bedroom if she gets tired. Now what to wear for her Brian. A skirt? She thinks. Maybe play it safe and wear shorts or leggings. Trying on a few things she decides on a brown linen pair of pants with sandals a black sleeveless shirt and her hair in a short ponytail.

“Let me in, I’m here!” She messages to Brian 40 minutes later, she’s 20 meters from his door. The door buzzes open as she comes in arms reach. ‘Perfect’, she thinks. Ariana heads up to the 3rd floor and knocks on his door. Geez, why isn’t it open yet? She thinks slightly annoyed. She knocks again and has to wait several more minutes before Brian finally opens the door.

“Hey special!” He calls out. “Come in.”

“Took you long enough, what kept you?” Ariana complains, giving him a hug.

“Ehh, I was behind the TV fixing the wiring.” He sounds unsure.

Ariana drops down on the couch. “So what do you want me to do tonight?” She asks.

“Oh nothing too complicated. Just hang around and bring drinks whenever we ask. Refill the nachos or whatever and don’t get in the way of the TV.” He explains.

Ariana frowns. Suddenly she has a bad feeling about tonight. Thinking he can hire a catering service next time.

The door buzzer sounds and Brian motions her over, “Get that, will you?” And he pretends to busy himself with the TV wiring. Ariana is not stupid and she sees no loose plugs or nothing and wonders what he’s doing back there. She picks up the intercom and asks who’s there. “Marty, Chris and Robyn,” comes as the answer. She looks over at Brian who nods and she buzzes the trio in. Opening the door to a crack. His friends won’t have to wait like she did.

The 3 friends enter the flat and Ariana looks curiously at them. “Ehh, Hello. I’m Aria…” She starts to greet them. But she’s shooed aside by Robyn, who turns out to be a woman. She rushes past her to give Brian a hug. Much to Ariana’s dismay she seems not interested in Chris and Marty, but takes a liking to her boyfriend instead.

The two men drop down on the couch and order beers from Ariana. Robyn wants Coca Cola and keeps hanging around Brian. Ariana says nothing and heads to the kitchen. Clearly everyone knows she’s the servant tonight. She sighs, already regretting agreeing to be here.

“Bring some potato chips too, waitress!” She hears from the living room, followed by a giggle and a laugh.

Ariana looks for the ordered items and heads to the living room. Dropping the cans of beers in the guys laps from an arms length high. Causing them to “hey” and “watch out”. She hands Robyn her cola and drops a bag of nachos on the coffee table just out of reach from the couch. “I’m not a waitress… My name is Ariana and I’m his girlfriend.” She quietly says.

“Whatever you say, waitress…” Chris says laughing. And Robyn smiles evilly at her.

Brian joins the 3 on the couch and wonders where his beer is. Motioning for Ariana to get him a beer as well. Coming back into the room she sees Robyn lean into Brian and she fumes in silence, wishing she could push the bitch out of the window. What’s even worse, there is no spot for her on the couch, so she can’t even join them. Instead she sits on the floor between Brian and Robyn’s knees in a vain attempt to separate them.

It doesn’t really work.

For the next 3 hours Ariana is treated like a servant, every few minutes she has to get beer or more snacks. Potato chips, cucumber slices, peanuts. Brian even has her fry up some french fries. She’s ignored when not needed, bossed around when they want something. And nobody acknowledges her name and everyone stubbornly keeps calling her ‘waitress’. Even Brian is being a dick to her, she hopes he’s just playing along with his friends.

Halfway through the match she decides to just stay in the kitchen and sits frustrated on a chair breeding chickens in some pointless clicker game on her phone. Ernie the cat watches her phone with great interest. Ariana is clearly not welcome in the living room. She’s upset with Brian as he cheers with his friends when a goal is scored. She hates Robyn for stealing her boyfriend. What a shitty evening, she thinks in self-pity.

Brian pokes his head around the door, “Hey, didn’t you hear Chris? He wants another beer.”

“Get it yourself!” Ariana scoffs at him without looking up from her game. “I’m sick of being a doormat for you guys. You’re already here anyway…”

“Ariana! Bring Chris a beer! You agreed to help out, remember?” Brian commands her and heads back to his friends.

She looks at the door speechless. Him too? Not a kind word for her? She’s just the summoned help, even to him? Suddenly furious she gets up and heads for the front door but it’s locked. She works the lock but it won’t open without the key. Kicking the door in frustration it clicks and the door moves slightly, like the latch doesn’t fit the doorframe or something. Pulling on the door it opens while the actual lock is still locked. But whatever, she can leave now.

Grabbing her jacket she leaves the group of assholes to their football game and considers what she should do next. Go home obviously. But how? She wanders around the empty streets looking for a taxi or a bus. She doesn’t know the schedule for night buses.

A message from Brian arrives with a chime asking where she is.

Ignoring it for now she searches for transport, but can’t find anything. Finally she bursts out in tears and sobbing she calls Abby, her roommate, to ask if she knows someone with a car to pick her up.

Abby, at first, is more curious about what happened than to send help but after a quick explanation she promises to pick her up with her bicycle.

38 minutes later Ariana is finally rescued by her friend and they head home on Abby’s squeaky bicycle.

Brian had tried to call her several times and sent many messages but she doesn’t feel like talking to him right now.

Abby is livid at Brian for treating her this way but also criticizes Ariana for falling for it. Telling her she should always watch out with guys and his friends.

“I just wanted to help my boyfriend Abby, how could I know…” Ariana defends herself.

“Regardless… You should still watch out. Bro’s before ho’s and all that.” Abby says trying to sound smart, she’s not sure if that’s a real thing or what. “And what of that woman?”

“I don’t know Abby. Ok? Please leave me alone! I don’t know!” Ariana yells at her friend. “Stop making it out like I’m the dummy here!”

Abby shuts up and rides them home in silence. Reaching behind her to reassuringly squeeze Ariana’s thigh. Arriving back on campus Ariana quietly apologizes and says she wants to be alone and not talk. Which Abby understands.

#### 8 - Servant with benefits

The next day Brian waits outside Ariana’s building and insists they talk. Ariana is still upset with him and wants to head back inside. But he grabs her arm and pulls her into his car. “Ariana! You caused me a great deal of embarrassment last night, do you know that?”

“So what? How do you think I feel after being treated like a slave all evening?!” Ariana yells at him. “What the fuck Brian. I’m not your servant, and you promised they would be nice to me. All they did was boss me around and call me waitress.”

“Yes, and you’re the submissive who’s supposed to like that shit right? Did you even stop to think about that?” Brian calmly tells her. “I’ve figured you out, always serving me and doing what I want. Obeying every command I give. What difference does it make when it’s me or my friends? He adds.

Ariana holds her rant as she holds her breath, thinking at what he just said. Then she rants, “Ohh no no! Don’t you turn this around. You asked me to help out your 2 friends. Then it’s 3 and one is a woman who clearly likes you. And all 4 of you treat me like dirt. That’s not how that works…” She yells at him. “I’ll obey you to the end of the world if you’re good to me. But not like this, understand?”

“Oh don’t be jealous, Robyn is just a friend.” Brian says unconvincingly. “And you know you like to serve me if it means stealing me from her.”

“Brian, please. That’s not how being submissive works… You haven’t figured out shit!” Ariana is very upset and throws his car door open, ready to leave. He’s not the one, she now knows.

“Have dinner with me tonight Ariana, I want to make it up with you.” Brian tries.

“Maybe later this week. Your loyal and obedient GIRL-FRIEND is indisposed for now.” She snaps back and stomps away to start her classes.

“Fuck!” Brian mumbles. He pulls his car door closed and heads to work.

It takes Brian more than 2 weeks a fancy dinner and a bouquet of roses to fix his misstep. Ariana makes him promise to not mistreat her like that again and he can’t be friends with Robyn anymore.

He agrees, but in return she has to help him again with the next football match and see how she likes it that time. “Guys only,” he promises.

Ariana hesitates as she wants nothing to do with his friends but he insists it’ll be fun this time.

That next weekend she arrives in the afternoon and keeps reminding Brian she’s not his servant and his friends should treat her nicely this time. But unfortunately it’s basically the same as last time, Ariana has to provide beer and snacks while the guys watch their football match. Ariana gets to sit on the couch this time though.

She crawls up to Brian and thinks today will be slightly better. His friends are demanding though and keep asking for things so Ariana has not much time to sit still and enjoy Brian. After she turns and heads to the kitchen for the 100th time Brian's friend swats her ass as she walks away and laughs at her angry look. “C’mon girl, hurry up.” he calls after her.

Ariana delivers his Cola and sits back down next to Brian looking at him with pleading eyes, wanting him to do or say something. But he ignores her look and strokes her arm while holding her close.

A few minutes later Ariana finds herself in the kitchen making more popcorn and Brian joins her. “Your friend keeps slapping me…” She complains.

“Oh it’s just some fun.” He assures her.

“Brian, he’s not you. Only you can do that.” Ariana pleads. “Please say something.”

“Quit your moaning, woman. Or I’ll slap you myself.” Brian tells her.

“But…”

“There we go…” He says.

“What? Brian, no. He can’t do that.” Ariana whines.

Brian thinks for a moment, “But I can, you said?” He grabs Ariana by her shoulder and turns her around and spanks her ass five times.

Ariana shrieks and yelps in surprise, her face red with embarrassment. She rubs her behind wondering what the fuck has gotten into Brian.

“I’ll give you a slap for every time you complain from now on.” Brian informs her. “And don’t you dare run away or you’ll get a bigger punishment.” He hugs her tight, whispering at her. “Submissive, right?”

Ariana says nothing. Not wanting more punishment. “That’s not fair…” She mutters. “Fine,” Ariana bows her head. “Have your fun. I’ll stay here, and you can do your own catering.” Ariana struggles out of Brian's grasp and rushes to the bedroom. Blocking the door with a chair.

Brian puts the remaining Doritos, popcorn and 2 six packs on the table and tells his friends their waitress left them.

Ariana feels like crying but wants to be strong and sits in the window staring outside. She wishes she was home with Abby. She’s much better company than Brian is lately. Ariana feels helpless for Brian, which she likes. But he starts to abuse his power over her. That’s not how it should be.

About an hour later Brian’s friends leave and he opens the bedroom door. The chair doesn’t provide much of a blockade. He tells Ariana to clean up the living room while he takes a shower. She timidly complies, not wanting further punishment and gathers the empty beer cans and left over potato chips. and prepares a big garbage bag for taking out.

She then enters the bathroom where Brian takes a shower. “Need a hand in there?” She asks him seductively, “Shall I wash your back?”

“No, wait for me in the bedroom.” He tells her.

Frowning, Ariana waits on his bed while playing her chicken game on her phone.

10 minutes later he comes in naked, drying off his hair and looks at her sternly. “So, I assume you have more complaints about being a waitress today?”

Ariana hesitates, she has many things to say. But he also threatened he would punish her for every complaint. So she says. “You know what I think of your stupid friends and tv nights. But no, no further complaints.”

“Hmm” He says. “Well, I still owe you your punishment. I think two strikes with a belt is appropriate?”

“What? Why?” Ariana sits up with wide eyes. “Brian, please no. That’s too much. I’ll do anything. But please don’t hurt me.” Ariana begs him to reconsider.

She hates pain.

“Should’ve thought of that before, right? Or maybe you should’ve never told me you’re submissive to me.” He laughs. “I own you Ariana!”

Ariana tries to leave but he grabs her arm and twists it on her back. “Don’t leave now. We’re not done yet.” And he pushes her to the closet with her arm painfully on her back. Ariana groans as her humerus feels like it’s about to snap.

From the closet he grabs a belt and ties her wrists together with it. Pulling it tight.

He then puts her over the edge of the bed and reaches for her shorts and pulls them to her knees along with her panties.

Ariana tears up from fear and whimpers in anticipation. “Please don’t be too rough.”

Brian says nothing, he is not really into this kind of thing, he just likes bossing girls around to assert his control. He’s convinced Ariana likes this though. And since he’s a curious guy he feels this is his chance to know what it’s like to hit a woman. How hard he can do it, and how she’ll respond. Plus, his desire to be the leader in the relationship calls for some assertive action he mistakenly thinks.

In short, Brian is caught up in his power over Ariana.

“Let’s make it 5, ok?” Brian says, admiring her shapely butt.

Ariana protests but sounds resigned. There is no escape.

He draws his arm back and swings with all his might, the belt hits her ass with a loud thwack. A red welt immediately appears. Ariana tenses up and screams so loud that Brian abruptly comes back to reality, realizing he’s going too far. He throws the belt aside and unties her arms. Feeling a bit guilty for what he did.

He sits down next to Ariana and looks at the welt he made and traces his finger along the edge of the now purple skin. Ariana flinches at his touch and just cries.

Every time he touches her she flinches like a scared animal.

“That’s enough for now,” he says with a soothing voice. “Don’t complain or disobey me and this won’t happen again.” He promises her.

Ariana looks up at him with bleary eyes. “I hate you…” She whispers between heaving sobs.

“Don’t hate me, supergirl. It’s your own fault. If you had just finished the evening this wouldn’t have happened.” He tries to turn the tables on her to ease his consciousness.

She nods. “I know, I’m sorry boss…”

He smiles at her. “That’s a good girl. Come, I’ll take you home.”

He doesn’t really feel like dealing with her right now. Fearing she might take revenge or start an argument when things calm down.

He walks her to the bathroom and cleans up her face. And drives her back to the college dorm a few minutes later. He talks to her about the next football match. And wants to know if he can see Robyn again.

Ariana doesn’t care. Brian can do whatever the hell he wants as long as he doesn’t hurt her again. In front of her building he hugs and kisses her. Ariana barely registers what’s happening and when he leaves she walks inside as if on auto-pilot.

Entering her room, Abby sits in bed reading a book. “Hey Ariana, you’re back early?” She quips.

Ariana ignores her and drops into bed curling up. She’s quietly crying.

“Whoa! Hey… What happened to you? Hey! Ariana! Talk to me!” She sits beside her and puts a hand on her shoulder but Ariana flinches at the touch.

“I’m ok. I did this. It’s my own fault.” Ariana tells her.

Abby doesn’t understand, “Did what? What do you mean?” She asks with a worried voice.

“I don’t know. Everything hurts.” Ariana whispers.

Ariana tries to sit but it hurts too bad. She has to lie down on her stomach for it to be bearable. On Abby’s insistence she explains what happened.

“And who did that? Did Brian beat you?”

“I did, it’s my fault.” Ariana says and pushes her face in the pillow.

“Oh come on, how can you let him do that to you? Where did he hit you?” Abby insists.

“On my butt, with a belt…” Ariana shudders.

#### 9 - The new girlfriend.

After a few days Brian has had a long think about what he did and calls Ariana to tell her he is sorry. He wants to pick her up in a few minutes and if she’ll let him he’ll take care of her.

Ariana agrees, fearing another beating if she doesn’t.

He picks her up soon after.

They sit in his car and Ariana feels her painful behind as she listens to his nonsense reasoning why what he did was good for her, but also a bit excessive on his part. He does apologize for that. She nods weakly.

“I can help you get better if you stay at my place.” He offers. “I’ll make you comfortable.”

“Sure,” Ariana quietly says. Not wanting any trouble. She tells Abby she’s going to stay with a friend for a few days and will be back next week.

Abby protests and tells her they have school and she should stay at the dorm. But Ariana doesn’t want any trouble with Brian so she has to go.

At his apartment, Brian tries to take good care of his broken girl. He gently rubs soothing lotion all over her. He even cooks dinner for them a few times, Ariana thinks he’s a terrible cook but doesn’t say much.

Ariana can sit on a chair almost pain free after the 2nd day and Brian asks if she can clean the bathroom while he gets groceries. Ariana is in no mood to protest and does the chore. When he gets back she also has to vacuum the living room and take out the trash while he unpacks his shopping and lazes around.

Ariana hasn’t said more than a handful of words since arriving 4 days ago and quietly accepts his care. He had given her his oversized jersey to wear in the flat. Brian had washed her clothes and put them in the closet on the top shelf.

To his amusement Ariana didn’t ask for her clothes and just wears his jersey and nothing else. She is scared to ask or say anything and doesn’t want to risk feeling his wrath again.

She dutifully cleans his home, a different room or area every day. He has sex with her in the mornings before he leaves for work, and again when he gets home or before going to sleep. Ariana feels like protesting but suspects he’ll have his way anyway.

The sex is always the same, he holds her close and he thrusts into her in his strong but charming way. On some level she really enjoys being pinned down by him, and she likes his touch as he grabs her by the hips and pushes his dick deep inside.

She almost believes he cares for her.

Most days they watch tv together, he often pulls her close like she’s a stuffed animal. He often feeds her Doritos or popcorn. When they sleep she crawls up against him for warmth and his affection, hoping he’ll like her and won’t be mean to her.

After a week of this silent tortured routine Ariana is sleeping through the day when she hears Brian’s phone chime. Looking at the screen she sees it’s a string of messages from Robyn.

Knowing his passcode, which is just his house number 3 times, she unlocks the phone and reads his chat with her.

Robyn asked a few days ago if he got rid of the ‘that dumb chinese girl’ yet. And if she can come over that night.

He had said no, telling her Ariana was coming over to clean his flat.

Then the next day a few more messages that clearly indicated Brian and Robyn were meeting often behind Ariana’s back.

All the while Brian maintains Ariana is his cleaning lady now. And that she doesn’t matter anymore. But he keeps making excuses why Robyn can’t come over.

Ariana finds all this very degrading and even though she hates Brian she feels betrayed. She drops down on the bed, crying softly.

Ernie the cat had taken a liking to Ariana and wants to be stroked by her. Rubbing his back against her shoulder, but she ignores it.

Around dinner time Brian comes home and enters the bedroom greeting her but Ariana ignores him. He rolls her on her back and lifts up her shirt, exposing her naked torso. “Love me Ariana…” He breathes. Ariana says nothing and just lays there looking at the ceiling. He crawls over her pointing his dick at her crotch. “Hey! I said ‘love me’.”

“I want to go home,” Ariana whispers. “You don’t love me… you’re a terrible man.” She sniffles.

“But I am a man, Ariana. Your man… and you’re mine” Brian tells her. “Plus, you are home… here.”

“How can you say you love me when you’re fucking Robyn?” Ariana says teary eyed. “Just let me go home, the college is my home. I want to go there. Now!”

Brian ignores her and enters her wet pussy. “Your cunt says you want to be here…” He calls her out and he starts thrusting into her.

Ariana tenses up and breathes in sharply at the unwanted intrusion but doesn’t respond otherwise. Brian thrusts into her a few times but getting no response from her he pulls out. ‘This is no good,’ he thinks. ‘Geez.’

“Fine, get the fuck out then.” He suddenly urges her. “You’re a lousy girl anyway. If you can’t be happy here… leave.”

“You did that boss… You broke me.” Ariana mumbles, crawling out of bed. “Wasn’t I good to you? Was I not loyal or kind enough?”

Brian looks at her not having a good answer, thinking he screwed up his previous relationship in a similar way. Women are all the same, have someone on the side and they turn into annoying bitches.

“Where are my clothes?” Ariana asks

“Top shelf,” Brian says with a smirk. He knows Ariana can’t reach that high.

Ariana looks at the tall closet and reaches as high as she can but is about half an arms length too short. “Brian please. Help me, I can’t reach.”

“Why? If you want to leave you’ll figure it out…” Brian smiles, thinking she might stay. He heads into the kitchen to grab a beer. Ernie his cat distracts him for a few minutes, meowing for food or attention.

“Asshole,” she mumbles. She tries a few more times and tries to climb the shelves but can’t reach her clothes. Giving up she puts on a pair of his jogging pants and a form fitting t-shirt. It’s way too large for her, but it looks slightly less ridiculous than wearing this super sized jersey. Pulling the drawstring tight around her waist she looks quite silly in the oversized manly gym outfit but she sees no other way out for now.

Ariana puts on her shoes in the hallway and after grabbing her wallet and phone she makes her escape. She’ll walk home across the city if she has to.

Brian comes out of the kitchen and sees the bedroom is abandoned. Looking out the window he sees Ariana disappear around the corner. “Oh well,” he says to nobody in particular and calls Robyn to invite her over.

Ariana’s phone went dead days ago so she’s walking home.

Somewhere in the city center she’s spotted by her math teacher, who waves at her and motions for her to come over. Her teacher, Erin Bell, had been wondering where Ariana had gone and now she’s here, far from college and wearing a very unusual outfit. Sensing Ariana needs a friendly face, she invites Ariana for a drink and a chat.

“Come have a coffee with me. Tell me where you’ve been and how you’re doing.” She worriedly ushers Ariana to a nearby coffee shop.

“Why? What do you care Mrs. Bell? Brian sent you after me?” Ariana asks suspiciously, thinking it’s a trap.

“Who’s Brian?” she asks, “No, I’m just your concerned teacher. You look like you are in trouble… Please call me Erin for now, ok?”

“Oh…eh, Erin? And what do you want?” Ariana asks, not too friendly.

Erin sighs, “Don’t be so difficult, I’m just worried about you.” She says, “What do you want to drink?”

“I hate coffee!” Ariana says. “Orange juice… And a muffin.” She didn’t have cake for weeks. Carefully Ariana sits down on a chair near the window and drops her head in her arms on the table. ‘Why are her boyfriends always such assholes,’ she thinks.

Erin joins her a few minutes later, “So? How are you doing? What’s with the outfit? Why aren’t you in class?”

An hour later Ariana has told her story and Erin sits quiet, staring at her poor student. “Unbelievable…” she finally says. “But you’re ok now? Are you going to the police? There’s a police car now.” She points out the window.

Ariana shakes her head with a sad look. “I’ll be fine.” She mumbles, “Are all men like this Erin? Every guy I ever met either is an abusive fuckhead or just wants sex.” She cries.

Erin assures her that her husband Jacob is very sweet and attentive to her. So, no, not all men are like this.

‘Jacob bell, huh?’ Ariana thinks. Remembering her date with Jacob she wonders if he’s Erin’s husband. If so, she wishes Erin to another universe so she can have Jacob to herself. If he’d be single none of this would have happened, too.

They sit for a while and Erin talks about everyday things to try and cheer up her student. Ariana feels a bit more alive because of Erins upbeat attention.

Erin is very nice to her and seems to genuinely care about her. After a while she wants to hug the woman and never let go, but she is afraid to ask.

They talk for over an hour about anything but men, and finally Erin brings Ariana back to the campus and escorts her to her room where she leaves her in the care of Abby with the strict instruction to not leave campus for a few days. Telling Ariana to focus on getting her head straight and forget about what happened. But also that she should catch up on her classes since she missed 2 weeks of school.

Outside she flags down the campus police unit and tells them to watch out for unknown men around the dorm buildings as one of her students is being bothered by a guy named Brian in his mid 20’s. The cops say they’ll be on the lookout.

Abby has been worried sick about her friend who had disappeared for over a week. Now she worries for Ariana as she only seems to want to sleep and keeps missing many more classes. Only copying from Abby’s notes or half-assing the homework assignments Abby passes on to her.

Ariana doesn’t care, her spirit is broken.

She only eats pot noodles and the chocolate bars Abby brings her for the first few days. Finally emerging from the dorm room several days later for a sandwich.

She never hears from Brian again. And Ariana is not sure what to think of her relationship with him, how it ended, why he suddenly kicked her out, or even why he changed so much over time.

She thinks back to when he first met him and he told her his previous girl had also ran away. Did he do the same to her?

She finally decides it’s her own fault for attracting this kind of man. This upsetting thought makes her never want to date a guy again and turn lesbian or something.

Over the next week Ariana puts her ordeal behind her. She blocks her recent memories, erasing the beating she got from her mind. If someone asks her why she broke up with Brian she’d say that he cheated on her.

A partial truth, but it’s Ariana’s truth.
