---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Decision
authors:
- Cameron
tags:
- Sbf
- corset
- gag
- cuffs
- hotel
- F-f
- bond
- toys
- cons
- X
---

As she lay tightly
bound, gagged, blindfolded and helpless on the floor of a hotel room, while
waiting for someone she had never met to finish preparing something meant
for her, and unsure of what would happen next, Kerry wondered whether she
should have agreed to the requests the letter demanded. There was no denying
a very definite strong, irresistible excitement had welled inside of her. 
She thought back to how this all came about.….

It had all began
when she started writing to a total stranger via e-mail who seemed to share
the same unusual interests as herself. All she knew was her first name.

Donna.

Things seemed
to be going well and some interesting ideas were exchanged with a lot of
common ground found.

Then she received
the special letter.

A letter which
was both very exciting and very dangerous at the same time. A letter which,
if she agreed, took all control from her and put it in the hands of this
person she had never met. It demanded certain amazing details that would
have to be agreed to and organized.

Firstly, her
appearance.

Make-up to be medium/heavy
but neat. Blood red lips a must.
Hair down and flowing.
Clothing.
Underneath, a black
corset pulled tight with a push-up bra top with shoulder straps. Matching
lace panties. Suspenders connected to sheer, skin colored stockings. 
Over this a sheer
silk, white blouse with a tight, knee length black silk skirt, with a belt
between the two.
Finally, very high,
black, strappy spiked heeled stiletto shoes.

Secondly,
the time and place.

6hrs was to be put
aside for this experience, and it would take place in a hotel room nominated
and organized as per the letter.

Thirdly,
and lastly, certain actions to be performed by her to prove her worth and
desire to participate in the experience.

Kerry had read,
considered, and weighed up the options. The requested actions while exciting
were a concern, and some clothing would have to be purchased, but after
a lot of thought and soul searching, she had decided to take the chance,
agree to all details and accept all that the letter demanded.

After sending
an acceptance note, she had waited impatiently for the day specified in
the letter to arrive, after making sure she had organized all aspects of
requested clothing and extra's. When it did, she took great care in following
every detailed step contained in the letter regarding her appearance. After
dressing and carefully applying her make-up, she paraded in front of her
bedroom mirror for several minutes admiring herself. She thought it was
amazing how an outfit like this one could make such a difference and already
she had began to feel an expectancy stirring inside of her, and a sudden
strong desire, maybe even a need, to get to the hotel room.

She had arrived
promptly at the time specified, and with her heels clicking as she walked
across the lobby, entered the hotel and requested the pre-organized key
for the room under the name specified in the letter, under the gaze of
everyone in the foyer. She remembered wondering if any of those eyes belonged
to her email stranger.

Kerry had entered
the empty hotel room with some trepidation, almost turning around and leaving
to return to the safety of her car, then home. It was one thing to read
and agree to all of this in a letter, but another thing altogether to actually
go through with it! But something had made her continue on. She locked
the door behind her and turned and saw the large, black leather bag on
the bed as the letter had said, and remembered the demanded actions.

This is where
her resolve had really been put to the test.

But again Kerry
continued and a warmth began to glow within her. As requested, she had
emptied the contents of the bag onto the bed. Ropes, gags, blindfolds and
handcuffs spilt out, more than she had ever seen, and again she couldn't
really believe she was still going through with this, though all of these
things were things she secretly loved. She had decided to act quickly and
not give herself a chance to rethink and back out. The actions the letter
demanded had now became her priority.

Kerry had selected
what pieces the letter requested from the top of the bed and positioned
a chair in front of and facing a wardrobe mirror. She had left a small
key which would unlock the handcuffs she would use on herself on the further
most point of the bed out of reach.

She had sat on
the chair and began, as the letter had demanded, firstly tying her own
ankles and knees tightly together with rope, then to the chair. Her sheer
stockings offered little resistance to the ropes she was applying to herself,
which only made her tighten them even more. Kerry had done quite a bit
of self bondage and so was no novice with the ropes.

Again, she had
felt the excitement of the unknown and danger growing as she began tightly
tying rope around her waist and the back of the chair. As the note demanded,
she then connected a piece of rope to her bound ankles, passed it under
the chair and up behind her to pull through her waist rope. She then pulled
the rope tight and securely tied it off forcing her ankles backwards a
long way. Next, she inserted a ball gag into her mouth and firmly secured
it at the base of her neck, closely followed by a blindfold.

Then the penultimate
act.

Kerry cuffed
her left wrist, very slowly to gain the full effect, then put her hands
behind her back and passed the cuffs through the back of the chair and
through the rope holding her to the chair. She had then positioned her
right wrist in the cuff but did not lock it. Again as per the letters instructions,
she was to wait for a special knock on the door before she locked the last
cuff around her wrist. This was a safe guard incase the stranger was unavoidably
unable to keep the appointment.

Kerry remembered thinking about her vulnerable
situation and position while she waited. Although Kerry had dreamed of
this moment since she could remember, she knew this definitely wasn't the
smartest thing in the world to be doing, making herself totally helpless
for someone who's true intentions she could not be sure of. The feel of
her sexy clothing against herself and rope kept her in her waiting position.

After around
10 minutes of waiting and thinking, she was just about to have a change
of heart and begin freeing herself when the special knock had echoed through
the room. Before she could think, something inside of her triggered a reflex
action, and had she slammed shut the last cuff tight, ending all chances
of turning back. The realization that things were no longer in her control
had been incredible.

That was it.

The reality of
her situation was startling to her. She had dressed herself as requested,
and made herself totally helpless for someone she had never met. Her feelings
bordered on the edge of fear due to the concern of the danger, with the
unmistakable build up of excitement to new found levels. Tightly self-bound,
blindfolded and gagged for someone whose intentions she was unsure of.
Well she thought, she would find out when that someone entered the room.

But whoever it
was didn't enter.

All Kerry had
heard was silence.

But the special
knock?

It had to be
the stranger.

Why hadn't she
come in?

She tried all
of her bonds for some sign of looseness or release, but realized that she
had been far too efficient. Even the gag stopped her from crying out for
help, and the blindfold robbing her of her sight made it even worse. 15
minutes of pointless struggling later Kerry had decided to settle down
and await her fate, even though it could be a cleaning lady finding her
like this hours later.

After what seemed
like an eternity with panic rising in her by the minute, a key was turned
in the lock, the door had opened and someone entered. Then the door was
shut and re-locked. After that someone made a couple of slow circles around
the chair she was bound to. After what seemed like a helpless eternity
to Kerry, a soft voice broke the silence.

Kerry remembered
hearing her voice for the first time and what she said.

"I didn't mean
to concern you, but I wanted you to experience being totally helpless,
unsure of what would happen next, and dependent on me and my arrival."

"My Name is Donna
and I want you to know that you are very brave and have done very well
indeed, from what I
can see, your outfit and make-up are perfect, and so is your handy-work. Firstly I want
to thank you for putting your trust into me, and assure you that absolutely
no harm will come to you. Nothing will
be done to you that you do not want to happen. Secondly I
want you to know how great you look."

And at that
Kerry’s blindfold had been removed.

Her first sight
was the wardrobe mirror, which contained a totally helpless, self-bound
and gagged woman in an extremely tight, silky, sexy outfit. Again, she
felt the familiar sensations of excitement and desire build again.

Her second sight
was her email stranger standing behind her and she was relived to see that
she did not seem to have the look of someone who would be uncaring or violently
inclined. She had even
turned out to be rather attractive and was wearing similar clothing including
sheer seamed stockings and very high heels coupled with a tightly fitting
knee length leather skirt and silk blouse.

She continued
to speak. "Now that you
have seen how attractive you look, and before I explain a few more things,
it's time to change your position to something I prefer."

At that, she
pushed Kerry as far forward as she could go on the chair she was bound
to and tightly tied Kerry’s elbows behind her back. After that, Donna picked
up the key from the bed where Kerry had left it out of her own reach and
released the handcuffs holding Ally’s wrist behind her, along with the
ropes holding her to the chair, and the rope connected to Kerry’s ankles.

Whilst never
being totally freed, in no time she had been hog-tied on the floor, still
ball gagged and again blindfolded, with her ankles, knees, elbows and wrists
all bound very tightly with rope. The hog-tie was so tight, that her fingers
were actually touching the heels of her shoes, and Donna didn’t miss the
opportunity to tighten Kerry’s ballgag another notch. And again, in no
time, Kerry was again totally helpless but this time by someone else’s
hand.  After a little pointless struggling, Kerry discovered Donna
really knew her stuff and escape was simply impossible.

"I hope you
are not too uncomfortable, because you will be there for some time while
I admire you a little more. Also you should know that in the next 2hrs
you will not be released, and will be tightly bound and gagged in different
positions at my discretion. After 2hrs I will consider untying you and
maybe give you the opportunity to have your revenge by tying and gagging
me. We will see how I feel”.

As she continued
she had began to gently caress different parts of her body. Kerry, while
not into other women, was in one mind wanting Donna to stop caressing,
but in the other was getting hotter by the second being totally helpless
and being made to endure what ever Donna decided. She had realized with
some embarrassment, that a distinct wet patch was forming under her and
she slowly started to move her more sensitive regions harder into the carpet.

"I can see you're
starting to enjoy this, and that’s good because there will be plenty more
before we're through. Who knows what
will happen in the next 6 hours?"

"One important
point though. If you're at all unhappy about what's happening or about
to happen, we need a sign for us to let each other know. A safe word isn't
really appropriate as you will be gagged a good portion of your time, and
when my time comes for your revenge, I assume so will I, so just blink
your eyes quickly or shake your head violently and I'll know to stop straight
away and you can take the same signs from me. Remember, that this is for
both our enjoyment, so lets relax and let go for the next few hours."

At that Donna
had moved off to the bed, where she proceeded to do something Kerry could
not make out.

And so here Kerry
was, on the floor, still tightly hog-tied and waiting for Donna’s next
move. She was now more relaxed knowing that this sexily dressed stranger
was here for the benefit of both of them, to hopefully fulfill a strong
duel fantasy, Kerry’s and Donna’s, and the fact that she would not harm
her in any way. One thing was for certain. The wet patch was growing and
her excitement and desire had reached a fever pitch, and she wished that
Donna would do something, anything, as long as it involved touching her.

Then, on the
other side of the room, Kerry heard a switch being turned on and a loud
buzzing noise start up……… and came instantly.

End.

18/04/02
