---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/ponygirl/storieslr/laura_and_the_vr_experience.html
subcategory: Giantess & Shrinking
title: Laura and the VR Experience
authors:
- MrJohnSmith
tags:
- Sbf
- fpov
- ponygirl
- training
- machine
- vr
- cuffs
- collar
- oral
- mast
- chastity
- toys
- tease
- denial
- buttplug
- reluct
- X
date: 2025-07-27 00:00:00
---

#### *The Ad*

Laura was nothing if not determined. Having grown up in a big household of six sisters, she’d learnt from a young age to look after herself. After graduation she’d saved up what she could and moved to New York to study law. And while all her sisters were now either pregnant or married (or both), things like relationships, boyfriends, hell, even friendships were a distraction as far as Laura was concerned. An avid gamer, Laura had learnt to programme from a young age and used her programming skills to support herself while studying. She was determined not to have to rely on her parents, who would inevitably just try and have a say in her life.

And Laura’s hard work was paying off. It was April, and Laura was coming towards the end of the second year of her studies. She’d just secured a summer internship at a high-flying consultancy starting in a couple of months. Getting such a prestigious company on her resume would set her up well after college. The catch was it was unpaid, meaning Laura needed to cover rent for those three months. So she searched all her usual forums for coding gigs. One particular Friday evening, after a long week at college, Laura was sat at her desk scrolling when she came across an intriguing offer.

A start up, based somewhere out in Manhattan, were looking for volunteers for a new VR system they were developing. Users would be paid generously for their feedback on the system’s performance, as well as any suggested improvements. Sensing an opportunity to make an easy buck, Laura clicked on the link to read further. The company was exploring the use of VR headsets that worked in tandem with other controllers. This by itself was nothing new – the Oculus and Quest did much the same thing. But the controllers wouldn’t be something handled by the user – they would be attached *onto* the user. The effect would be to allow the user a whole-body experience in the VR, including the use of their hands. An interesting but trivial modification. Laura knew there was something more to this.

After some digging, Laura found what she was after. The start up’s founder used to work for a big multinational in their R&D department. Alongside washing machines and airplane engines, this corporation also had a substantial subsidiary specialising in “advanced adult entertainment”. After helping the company to produce high-end toys for discerning customers, she’d broken off to form this new start-up. So, the head of R&D at a high-end sex toy company breaks away to set up a start-up that focuses on VR-sets that offer next level experiences?

Laura had been so caught up in her investigation, she hadn’t even realised how turned on she’d gotten. Placing her hand between her legs, she considered what she had just found. Clearly this start-up was going to offer users something new. But what? VR porn was already a thing. What this was implying was something more. Something… interactive. Laura was intrigued. And turned on. Given her ruthless approach to her career, it had been quite a while since she was last with anyone. Not that that bothered her. In bed she often found the one who knew how best to pleasure her was herself. Leave her with her favourite vibrator and she was happy. But this promised to be something more. And the unknown intrigued her. Excited, Laura decided to sign-up, entering her height and weight, among other measurements that would best calibrate the system for her experience. The prototype would be delivered to the user’s door, with the test game already preloaded. After entering her address, Laura clicked submit. Another wave of excitement rushed over her, and Laura stole herself away to her bed to imagine what might come.

#### *The Delivery*

Laura was annoyed with herself the next day. In the heat of the moment, she had given all of her personal details to a company she knew nothing about. And for what? Some rehashed virtual reality game? She still didn’t even know how much they would pay to test the system. Or when she would even have the time. Her studies kept her at the library until well past 9pm most evenings, and the weekend was the only time she had to do any work. While the ad had promised users payment for feedback, it hadn’t listed when the system would be delivered, or how long it would be until payment would be received. Weeks passed, and she heard nothing. It was coming to late April, and Laura’s summer internship would be starting in a couple months. She’d all but given up hope when she came home from the library late one Friday night to find a package waiting on her doorstep. She could barely hold in her excitement. It was here!

Laura rushed into her apartment with the box, nearly forgetting to lock the door behind her. Unboxing the package, she saw what looked like a slim-line version of a VR headset, alongside what must be the controllers. Five loops, all looking like different kinds of shackles, sat in a pretty pattern. Picking up and inspecting them, she found small icons engraved onto the inside of each loop: two hands, two feet, and a head. She deduced these were her wrist, ankle, and neck controllers respectively. Her breath quickened. She knew the USP of this VR system was the hands-free nature of the controllers. She just didn’t expect them to look so… secure.

Deciding to put on the goggles first, she found herself looking at… nothing. Disappointed, she tried clicking the button on the side, only for an error message to pop up: “attachments missing”. Deducing that the game would only start once she put on the rest of the gear, she picked up the wrist and ankle cuffs, examining them in her hands. Whilst thick, the cuffs had a very elegant look to them and could almost be passed off as large bracelets. Laura placed one of the cuffs over her wrist. Clicking the two sides together, the controller didn’t feel terribly secure. The first piece of feedback to give them, Laura thought to herself. Happy that they seemed relatively straightforward to remove, she put on the other wrist cuff and the two ankle cuffs. All four controllers seemed relatively lightweight and didn’t affect Laura’s mobility. As she placed the collar around her neck Laura felt a familiar tingle between her legs. She couldn’t wait to finish trying out this system and touch herself this evening.

With the controllers secure, Laura picked up the goggles once more and placed them over her head. Pressing the button on the side, Laura’s vision was taken over by a stunning welcome screen. A beautifully verdant landscape exploded before her eyes. Frolicking hills stretched out as far as the eye could see, covered in rich green fields with voluminous clouds bobbing overhead. The grass seemed teeming with life as the wind gently swayed it from side to side. Laura could swear she was standing in the field itself, the only thing missing seemed to be the smell of the countryside. After a few moments, seemingly to allow the users to take in the impressive vista, a dialogue box appeared in front of Laura. It stated that this was the beta version of the game, and shouldn’t be used for commercial purposes, blah blah blah, asking the user to click “Accept”. Clicking the button on the side of the goggles, Laura found it didn’t do anything. Bringing her other hand up to see if there was anything on the other side, she noticed she could see… a hand! Looking down, she saw a body attached to the rest of her. Marvelling at the level of detail, she saw the appeal of the handsfree controllers. The loops on her wrist seemed to detect how her muscles expanded and contracted to control her fingers, and it was all reflected in the game. Looking down, she was even able to wiggle her toes and see her virtual self-do exactly the same.

Forgetting briefly she was still only at the welcome screen, she reached out in front of her and tapped the “Accept” button. Next a level difficulty selection menu appeared: Easy, Medium, Difficult, or Expert. Laura remembered the original advertisement stated greater payouts were given the higher the level a user chose. As well as wanting to get the most bang for her buck, Laura was also a very proud gamer, and knew the only way to truly get the most out of a game was to play it on its hardest difficulty. Reading through, she noted that on Expert level the game would reset every evening at midnight, and that once in a level, Laura would have to complete it or wait for the game to reset. *Bit of an obvious concept*, Laura thought to herself.

Clicking “Expert”, Laura was anxious to start playing. Instead, Laura was given more pop-up boxes to click through, stating how users should submit feedback, how any similarities to life were coincidental, and how the company didn’t take responsibility for any accidents involved while wearing the controllers. Laura was getting frustrated at the number of screens she was having to go through. A final message popped up listing Terms and Conditions, which seemed to list all the things she’d already agreed to, and, impatient to start, Laura clicked Accept without finishing reading.

Finally, the message boxes fell away, and Laura was returned to her frolicking field. The detail in the game was unbelievable. Laura observed how every leaf and insect seemed to have its own glint in the sun, and how as the wind rustled through the trees it made them move in such a lifelike manner. As Laura was brought through this new landscape, a barn appeared in the distance. Slowly but surely, the game brought Laura closer and closer to the barn, until she was outside it. Bringing her hand up, Laura pushed open the barn door and walked through. Inside was what you’d expect from such a rustic setting. Bales of hay and straw stacked up against the sides, pitchforks and shovels leant up against the beams and saddles and tack hung from the walls. A message popped up requesting Laura to survey her surroundings. As she did so, Laura saw her apartment load into the augmented reality. As she completed the scan of her living room the words *Training Area* appeared, mirroring the large space in the middle of the barn. When she had done the same with her bedroom the words *Sleeping Quarters* appeared, mimicking the stalls in the back of the barn. And finally, above her kitchenette the words *Feed Room* appeared, and Laura could swear she could now see a water trough and salt lick on her countertop. With her apartment scanned, Laura could now barely see a difference between her virtual barn and her very real apartment. What kind of game was this, Laura thought to herself? As if to answer her thoughts, a box labelled “Level 1” appeared in front of her, hovering in the air.

#### *Discipline*

Clicking the button, a striking figure appeared in front of Laura. It looked like a woman dressed as some kind of Halloween fetish pony. This virtual character wore a collar around her neck and cuffs around her wrists and ankles, just like Laura. Yet unlike Laura she was naked, except for a thin harness that criss-crossed over her body, accentuating her chest and curves. Her hands were attached to this harness , bound behind her back. Laura was caught off-guard by the sudden lack of modesty. She briefly remembered coming across a category of porn called “ponygirls” once, but had dismissed it as some weird fetish. This woman before her was striking. She stood poised, her head held high, full of purpose. Laura was transfixed.

While Laura stood there ogling, the avatar began moving around the room, walking in circles, raising her knees with each step. The virtual pony pranced in such a rhythmic manner Laura forgot briefly it was only a simulation. Laura sought to copy the pony as best she could. Bringing her hands behind her back, Laura raised her knee, just like the avatar. A “1/100” appeared in front of her. Below her, she could see a dotted circle, presumably where the programme wanted her to walk. Raising another knee, she saw the 1 turn to a 2. Laura’s first level was to prance around the room like a pony? A somewhat tame premise, Laura thought, but decided to give it a go anyway.

Each time Laura raised her knee, the game would give another enthusiastic number to her counter. After a couple rotations in the relatively small circle that constituted her living room, she’d already brought the counter to 23 when, due to a slight twinge in her foot, she couldn’t bring her next knee up the full 90 degrees. The counter suddenly dropped back down to zero. Annoyed, Laura started again. Aware now that failure to execute a proper high-knee would result in the counter resetting, Laura carefully made sure each raised leg was well above the 90-degree angle. Unfortunately, it meant Laura’s legs were quickly getting tired. This time it was only at the number 32 when she again faltered, and the counter reset to zero.

Laura looked over at the clock. It was already 9pm. She’d started this game almost two hours ago, and wasn’t even close to finishing the first level. She was getting thirsty, and decided now would be a good time to take a break. But when Laura tried to bring her hands from behind her back, she found she couldn’t! Despite having no restraints on them, her hands seemed to be stuck behind her, mimicking the pony-girl’s virtual restraints. Some kind of sensors in the bracelets perhaps? Standing there, unable to move her arms, Laura realised her hands would be stuck behind her back until she finished the level, or, like an unwilling Cinderella, the clock struck midnight.

Accepting there wasn’t much else she could do, Laura tried the high-knees again, and again, for the rest of the evening. With each go her legs became more and more tired, and her count faltering earlier and earlier. By the time it reached 12pm Laura had tried the first level countless times and was nowhere near 100. Exhausted, Laura watched as the second hand hit 12, and a message popped up on her HUD announcing Laura had failed the game. Laura felt the invisible restraints around her wrists slacken, and she was able to move her hands once more.

Removing the goggles, she was able to see her apartment, this time without any fancy augmented bits. When she tried to remove the collar however, she found she couldn’t. The same went for the bracelets and ankle cuffs. Slightly concerned at why the controllers weren’t coming off, she resolved to contact customer service about it in the morning. When Laura tried to go into her bedroom however, she found her ankles unwilling to move any further. Confused and agitated, she saw the goggles she’d laid down start to flash. Putting them on, she saw a message had popped up on her HUD: “Ponies must pass the first level of training to be permitted to enter the sleeping quarters.” Laura was furious. Ponies? She was on top of her class studying at one of the most prestigious universities in the country, not a common field animal. What right did this game have to tell her where she was allowed to sleep?! Counting the number of things she would have to raise to customer service the next day, Laura lay down on the sofa, pulling a blanket over her and decided some rest was better than no rest, her legs feeling the effects of the day’s exercises.

The next morning Laura awoke confused and sore. Assuming she had fallen asleep on the couch after too much coding, it took her a moment to remember the game and the restrictions that had been placed on her. Thankfully, the collar and cuffs had been comfortable to sleep in, their design sleek and subtle enough that they hadn’t proved in the way at all. Making herself a cup of coffee, Laura grabbed her laptop and looked up the company’s customer service. After a couple of hours waiting in a chatroom, she was finally put through to a live agent, who explained to her that the restraints weren’t accidentally stuck: they were locked in. The agent explained that because Laura had chosen the Expert level, all controllers were locked on until the game was complete. The same went for any rules by the game, such as where ponies were allowed to sleep. The reality of the situation was starting to sink in for Laura. In her excitement, she may have bitten off more than she could chew. Taking a moment, she reviewed her situation. She was now locked into restraints that would only be removed when she finished the game. At the very least, Laura needed to complete Level 1 to be able to sleep in her own bed. And the game needed to be completed in one day, and each evening at midnight it reset. Who knows what the other levels might entail?

After another cup of coffee and some breakfast, Laura decided to continue playing the game. She figured it had taken her three or so hours yesterday to get to 32 (including all the failed attempts), so if she started from 11am, inevitably she’d get to 100 by the end of the day. Thanking her stars she didn’t take any other jobs this weekend, Laura reached for the goggles and hesitated. Did she really want to go back in there? Where her arms were restricted behind her back, and she was forced to do repetitive exercises? Wasn’t she top of her class, on track to become a high-flying lawyer? Strangely, it was exactly those feelings, the desire to be the best, that egged Laura on. Putting on the goggles, the familiar welcome screen popped up. Clicking *“Begin”*, Laura brought her hands behind her back, ready to play the game.

Laura spent the rest of the day patiently raising her legs, one after the other. Slowly, but surely, she pranced around her living room, pacing the same virtual circle again, and again. Each time she failed to get a knee high enough, she made a mental note of which number she faltered on, careful not to make the same mistake. Eventually, around 8pm, Laura hit that elusive 100.

Exhausted, she collapsed onto her sofa. In front of her VR goggled eyes a little *“Congratulations!”* pop-up appeared, complete with miniature fireworks. Great, the system has a sense of humour, Laura thought to herself. With the level complete, Laura found she could move her hands again, which was just as well as she was famished. Quickly grabbing some food from the fridge and gulping down a glass of water, Laura made a note about users’ inability to eat or drink while participating. Might as well keep track of her feedback, she thought to herself. Once Laura felt satiated, she returned to where she had finished Level 1, where the alluring Level 2 box floated in the air in front of her. Taking a deep breath, Laura clicked the button, conscious of the time she had left before midnight.

#### *Action*

Laura’s familiar pony-girl returned, still donned in her full attire, but this time she wasn’t raising any knees. The pony-girl walked to Laura’s bathroom and knelt in front of the wall. Walking over, Laura saw what the pony-girl was kneeling in front of. On her bathroom wall some kind of phallic object had appeared. It looked like, for lack of a better term, a penis. The pony-girl promptly put it in her mouth. She seemed to take the whole thing before pulling her head back and then starting again. Like the challenge before this one, a counter appeared in front of Laura.

Laura’s mind began racing. The game wanted her to… suck a dick? While Laura had to remind herself that this was after all a game developed by a sex toy company, nothing in the game so far had given any such indications. Even the virtual pony-girl, whilst scantily dressed, might still be construed as some form of cosplay rather than anything leud. But the subtly had been stripped away with this second level. As Laura lent over to inspect the virtual dildo that now hung (lol) at waist height from her bathroom wall, she noticed how it didn’t resemble a traditional penis but more like… a horse’s? Unwilling to imitate intercourse with a horse, Laura went to stand back up, but found her neck stuck at the height of the virtual penis! Another one of the game’s damn positional requirements, Laura thought to herself. After a while Laura found her back starting to hurt, and decided to get onto her knees to find a more comfortable position. Again, once she got onto her knees, she found herself stuck. Still, Laura was too principled to engage in fellatio with a non-existent cock. As time dragged on, Laura slowly began to realise stuck in this position there wouldn’t be anything else for her to do for hours. Eventually, boredom – and curiosity – won out. Laura lent forward and paused for a second, considering what she was about to do, and opened her mouth.

As she took the virtual dildo in her mouth, she could feel her tongue depressing as it slid in, the contours of her throat expanding to take the dildo. Amazed, she realised, similar to her other controllers, the collar must have some delicate sensors on the muscles running through her neck, simulating the experience of a blowjob, without any penis present. Pulling her head back, she was confused to see the counter still sitting on zero. Figuring it must not have registered, she tried again, this time pushing the dildo further into her mouth. Again, nothing. Laura tried one more time, this time until she could feel the dildo begin to tickle the back of her throat. Just when she felt like she couldn’t take any more, she heard a “1” ding above her head and she quickly spat the whole thing out. Satisfied she had at least tried it, Laura sat there, thinking through what it felt like to deep throat the imaginary dildo. How real it had felt. How it had tickled the back of her throat. Laura had never deep-throated before. Her experience giving blowjobs was relatively sparse, given how little time she actually spent with other people for sex. Curious, Laura took the dildo in her mouth once more, but found she couldn’t get as far this time before her gag relax kicked in, and she saw with dismay her 1 drop back down to 0. How was she possibly able to get to 100, Laura thought to herself?

Laura spent the rest of the night trying to bring her count past ten, to little avail. But with every attempt, she could feel herself getting more and more aroused by the action of giving this anonymous dildo a blowjob. When the clock struck midnight, the game announced Laura had lost, and would have to try again tomorrow. Finding she was able to move again, Laura wearily got to her feet, her legs still tired from their exercises earlier in the day. Laura was relieved to find she could pass through the threshold of her bedroom. Excited just to be able to sleep in her own room again, Laura collapsed on the bed, not even caring about the cuffs and collars still secured around her. The exhaustion of the day was quickly catching up on her. So too were the feelings she felt giving those blowjobs. The menial nature of the first level, followed by how explicit the second one was, as if she was nothing more than a drone or animal to be used, stirred intense feelings in Laura. When she tried bringing her hand below her waist however, the cuffs stopped her. Frustrated, Laura picked up the now flashing goggles from the side of her bed. “Only ponies that finish Level 2 get a reward” stated the message wryly. Upset, but also too tired to get out of bed and get her laptop to contact customer support, she went to bed, frustrated and unsatisfied.

The next morning Laura woke up exhausted. Remembering her ordeals from the day before, and what happened last night, she tried reaching between her legs, and she found she was again stopped from touching herself. Grateful to at least have been able to sleep in her own bed, she went out into the living room, made herself some coffee, and booted up her computer. Sure enough, after another excruciatingly long wait, customer service explained to her how the game was implicitly sexual in its design, incorporating elements of denial into its gameplay. This can be a kink in of itself, the chatbot informed Laura, and can incentivize players. All of this, the chatbot informed Laura once more, is stated very clearly in the Terms and Conditions. The same Terms and Conditions Laura clicked accept to at the start the game. However, the chatbot informed Laura her comments were appreciated, and entered them into her user feedback. Laura was annoyed how her protests were simply being treated as feedback, and that it was already Sunday and she was no closer to finishing the game or getting the collar or cuffs off of her. What about tomorrow, when she would have to go to college?

Laura resolved to try and finish the game that day, no matter what. Having a big breakfast, Laura left out some water and snacks on her countertop to combat the thirst she’d built up during her exercises the day before. Once everything was ready, Laura took a deep breath and put on the goggles. Though her legs were burning from the previous day’s exercises, Level 1 went by quicker this time. By 4pm Laura had finished the first level and rushed to eat some lunch. Having thought about the dildo and the acts she had to perform on it throughout the night, and having been denied the chance to touch herself, Laura was mildly excited for the next level, not to mention deeply perturbed at her reaction. Nonetheless, Laura crouched down by the dildo and assumed the position to start Level 2.

Despite her early start, by 11:58 Laura was still struggling to get anywhere close to 30 deep throats before her gag reflex kicked in. Exhausted, the game timed out and Laura was left tired, unsuccessful, and exceedingly horny. Laura had been so fixated on finishing the level, she hadn’t even noticed the hunger that had built up in her, much less the thirst. But her tiredness won out, and that night Laura dreamt of rolling fields and galloping through them, feeling the wind rush past her beautiful mane.

Laura had set her alarm early to give herself plenty of time to dress for the day. Having woken up exceedingly horny, Laura tried distracting herself as best she could. After going through her wardrobe a couple times over, she settled on a turtleneck sweater to cover the collar and wrist cuffs, and some bell bottom jeans to go over her ankle controllers. If her sleeves rolled up, she could always pass the wrist restraints as *avant garde* bracelets. Once satisfied the controllers could not be seen, Laura set off for college. Whilst at university, she tried to keep her thoughts of the game and completing the second level out of her head as she soaked in what she could of contract law.

Laura eschewed her typical Monday night library session to get home before 9pm, both because she was so tired from the weekend’s ordeals, and because she knew she would need time to get through the first level if she wanted to sleep in her bed. Quickly wolfing down the takeout she had picked up on her way home, Laura undressed and got ready for Level 1. Laura found it easier to practice the high-knees without any clothes restricting her movements. Even her panties caused a slight restriction to her movements, she felt. Despite having gotten home earlier than she normally would on a Monday night, Laura found with frustrating dismay that it wasn’t enough, stumbling on knee 79 at 11:55. That evening she slept in the living room, determined to get to 100 the next day. Again, her dreams were filled of sprawling fields and galloping ponies and muscular steeds.

The next day Laura had a double incentive for passing the first level: without access to the sleeping quarters, Laura couldn’t change her clothes. Luckily, she was able to find some panties that had just been washed in the laundry basket. The turtleneck and bellbottoms had to last her another day though. That day she was conscious of wearing the same clothes, overhearing someone make comments that she must have slept over somewhere last night. Boy, you don’t know the half of it, Laura thought to herself. That day she skipped out on the last half an hour of her seminar to get home with plenty of time to play the game. Laura was ecstatic when she hit the 100 mark a little after 11pm. Despite being exhausted, she took a short sip of water and immediately knelt by the virtual dildo. Even though Laura knew she would never have a chance of finishing Level 2 by midnight, she had already deduced that any practice would help her gag reflex, and give her a better chance come the weekend. And so, the rest of Laura’s week progressed in the same way. Tired from a long day at university, each evening Laura would dutifully strip, don her VR goggles, and begin her exercises. After reaching her 100 knees, she would hydrate before beginning immediately with her deep throats.

Once Saturday rolled around, Laura wasted no time. Setting an alarm for 6am, she hurriedly had some breakfast, before pouring herself some water into a bowl and laying out some easy to grab snacks for her to have between exercises. The similarities between Laura’s virtual *Feed Room* and her kitchen were not lost on her, as her water was transformed into a trough when she’d don her goggles. All her training through the week had paid off though. Laura was able to complete her 100 high knees without any stumbles. Hitting that 100 mark with no resets, Laura felt a feeling of pride build inside her. This gave her over twelve hours to complete Level 2. After about 8pm, and what must have been thousands of blowjobs, Laura finally managed to hit 100. Immediately she felt the restrictions holding her hands behind her back slacken, and before she’d even stood up, she reached between her legs and began touching herself, ecstatic at the freedom to be able to do so. Having been denied for so long, after having dutifully pranced around her living room every night and administering thousands of blowjobs, it did not take Laura long to climax, imagining she was riding the virtual dildo she’d been servicing all week.

Once the tremors subsided, Laura stood up to get some food and water, her legs stiff from having knelt for so long. Refreshed, she went to her bedroom, where the Level 3 button floated. However, when Laura tried to click, an error message popped up: “incompatible controllers”. She tried again, only to receive the same message. Aware she’d probably have to contact customer service about this the next morning, Laura was secretly happy to be able to just go to her bed and masturbate for the rest of the evening, not having to worry about a future level.

#### *A Way Out*

The next morning Laura awoke diagonally across her bed, her bedcovers on a heap on the floor. Evidently she’d fallen asleep after whatever number of orgasms she’d reached, unaware and unbothered to count. Waking up a large grin appeared across her face, happy with her achievements of the day before. She’d done her high-knees in one go, and she’d managed to pass Level 2. It was only recounting her achievements did she remember the issue with the next level. Laura went to the next room, not bothering to dress, and booted up her laptop to contact customer service, making herself some coffee and breakfast, knowing she’d probably be on there a while. Sure enough, a little over two and a half hours later, she got through to a live agent, who congratulated her on passing the second level, and took note of her feedback.

When queried about the third level, she was informed players on the Expert level required additional controllers, which were stated in the Terms and Conditions. Rolling her eyes at yet another clause in the damn thing, Laura requested the new controllers be sent to her apartment, and was dismayed upon hearing typical delivery time was 2-3 weeks! Laura was furious. Not only was she now going to have to wear these restraints for another fortnight at least, but it was also getting dangerously close to when her summer internship was due to start, and while the collar and cuffs looked like cool accessories she could style off in a college, in a law office it was quite something else.

Trying her best to explain her situation to the agent, Laura felt like she was getting nowhere when she was given an option: Given it was only the beta version, users had the option to play the whole game through, or quit after Level 2. Laura’s heart leaped. No longer would she be stuck wearing these stupid controllers. If a player chose to quit however, the agent informed Laura, that player would acknowledge not being able to pass the game, and not only would not receive any money for their feedback, but would also be charged the full cost of the game. Laura’s heart very quickly fell back into place. She’d been playing this game for over two weeks now. Not only would she not be paid for her time, she’d also have to pay for the full cost of the game, which the agent informed her ran into the hundreds of dollars. On top of that there was the opportunity cost. Laura hadn’t picked up any additional work in the last fortnight because she assumed she’d be paid for this game. To quit now would leave Laura worse off, and with a very short window before her internship started to make the money back.

Laura sat on her couch mulling over her options. As much as she wanted to be free of this game and these controllers, she needed the money. And what was more, there was something about the wording that was bugging her. *If players chose to quit, they acknowledged they were not able to pass the game*. Laura hadn’t been stumped by the game. Laura had completed the first two levels. She didn’t want to admit that she couldn’t finish, especially having signed herself up for the hardest level. She couldn’t accept admitting defeat like that. She resolved she would finish the game, no matter what. Confirming delivery of the new controllers, Laura stood up, put on the goggles and started the game.

And so, every day Laura played. With every practice of the high-knees, Laura could feel her form improving, her legs starting to tone from the daily exercise. And despite missing the 100 mark on Level 2 the first few nights, again Laura felt her technique was getting better. Laura had given up on any of her late evening library sessions, opting instead to come home as soon as she could to play the game. Every day she’d set up her water trough, and found if she ate a big enough meal before and after, she only needed small snacks in-between the levels. By the second week she’d stopped going to the shops, subsisting on cereal and takeout, and found sugar cubes offered a convenient energy boost without having to waste time on preparing and consuming any snacks. Each night she would power through Levels 1 and 2, practically muscle memory at this point, so she could be well prepared for Level 3. Each evening after her 100th deep-throat, Laura would religiously touch herself, imagining the dildo inside of her. At night, her dreams placed her in that same rolling field, galloping as the wind whipped through her mane.

Every day Laura would check UPS, tracking her package. By the Friday morning, she saw it had been delivered, a full three weeks after having spoken with customer service. She skipped her afternoon lectures and raced home. Sure enough, she recognised the same style packaging sitting in front of her apartment door. This second package felt heavier than the first one, and Laura wasted no time in ripping the box open to view its contents.

#### *New Controllers*

As Laura peered inside, she was dumbfounded. The box contained a jumble of overlapping metal plates that somehow reminded her of a Princess Leia outfit. Princess Leia, when she was on Tatooine, that is. As Laura picked up her new “controllers” which resembled a metal bra, and something that could be nothing other than a chastity belt. As Laura handled these two contraptions, she couldn’t imagine how they were her controllers. Controlling what? She thought to herself, until she saw what sat underneath.

Underneath the two pieces sat a familiar sight to Laura: it was the virtual dildo Laura had sucked countless times, but this time in real life. Just seeing it there in person made Laura wet, remembering all the times she fantasied about it being inside of her. Next to the dildo was a bulbous metallic butt plug. Picking up the items, the goggles started chiming from Laura’s couch. Putting them on, Laura saw the same pony-girl figure as she’d first seen, but this time with the corresponding bra and belt. Laura marvelled at how majestic this figure looked, how elegantly regal.

Coming back to reality, Laura stopped for a moment: To complete the game, Laura would have to (presumably) lock herself into a chastity bra and belt? Laura stopped for a moment to consider her situation. Once she put these controllers on, Laura made an educated guess that they were going to stay on until the game was over. While she had been able to cover up the existing controllers relatively easily so far, a full metal bra and belt was quite another thing. Laura didn’t even know how many more levels there were – or how long she would be locked into these things.

As Laura tried to weigh the pros and cons, she knew it at the end of the day it boiled down to a matter of pride. It wasn’t embarrassment that was driving her, making her go through the same exercises on a daily basis. It was the fact she knew she wouldn’t be able to rest until she’d finished the game. Until she’d won. Laura decided she’d do it, but that she’d at least complete Levels 1 and 2 before putting on the new controllers. The game had other ideas. Putting on the goggles, she was unable to start Level 1 due to “insufficient number of controllers”. Cursing that the game had already detected the chastity belt and bra, she went to put them on.

The bra was simple enough, two metal cups to cover her breasts that joined in the middle, and two chains that ran over her shoulders to support them. Laura was marvelling at how snug the cups felt against her bare breasts until she remembered she’d given all of her proportions when ordering the game. The cold metal felt cool against her breasts, making her nipples stand to attention. Even the nipples seemed to have their own contour within the metal contraption, sitting snugly in the two metal cups. As Laura brought the two pieces together, she felt the metal click into place, with no discernible way to click them out of place. She also felt her nipples being ever so slightly pinched in their metal prisons and hoped that was part of the design and not something she’d caught.

Next came the belt, which consisted of two metal straps that were designed to go around the waist, and one between her legs. The one between her legs had a shield that covered the vaginal area, as well as a hole that went around her anus. Presumably when the butt plug wasn’t inserted, she would be able to use the bathroom – thank God – and from the mesh of the vaginal plate she figured she’d be able to pee, albeit with a trip to the shower afterwards. Bringing the three parts of the belt together, Laura again noticed how perfectly measured all the pieces were. Taking a deep breath, she brought all three pieces together, anticipating another irreversible lock when she did. Nothing happened. Trying again, the metal pieces simply tapped against each other, but nothing was locking into place. Again, Laura saw the goggles on her counter flashing. Putting them on, Laura started to watch what felt like a tutorial for the belt featuring her virtual pony. While the pony had the bra on like Laura had and was attaching the belt together in the middle, Laura could see the pony had two things Laura did not: the dildo and butt plug. Laura exhaled in frustration. She’d really been hoping she could avoid this bit, but of course the game had other ideas. Picking up the two toys, Laura at least excited at the prospect of having the dildo she’d been fantasising about for the last few weeks inside of her. The butt plug however was another story. Laura had never had anything inside her like that. At least it seemed small enough, Laura thought to herself. Laura mounted the dildo and butt plug onto the belt’s inner strap.

Taking a deep breath, Laura prepared herself. The dildo went in easily enough, her sex already wet from the excitement of the whole ordeal, as if on cue. Thankfully a bottle of lube had come with the toys, and so the butt plug went in with little discomfort. It was a strange sensation, to have two toys inside her at the same time. Laura brought the three parts of the belt together and this time the parts clicked together and stayed there. As Laura felt her hand around the belt, she realised just how flush to her skin it was. As Laura stood up, she could feel the toys move inside her.

#### *Restraint*

Laura prepared herself to play the game with her new controllers. The high knees took a little longer than usual, as Laura was finding herself quite turned on from the constant wobbling of the toys. By the time it came to Level 2, Laura was looking forward to her virtual dildo, especially now that she could feel the real thing inside her. As she deep-throated the dildo, she became increasingly horny, imagining herself sucking a cock whilst being taken from behind. Once Laura saw the counter reach 100, the fireworks rang out and the ever-elusive Level 3 appeared in her bedroom. Clicking on the floating button, Laura held her breath for what the next challenge could be.

Laura’s pony-girl reappeared, as elegant as ever. The virtual pony-girl spread her legs wide and placed her hands behind her back. Bending at the waist, she then stood there, with her hands raised into the air. And then… she just stood there. Laura could see her swaying slightly, but nothing gave away what the pony-girl was doing. Whilst Laura couldn’t work out what the level was, she conceded the pony-girl looked hot. Stood there bent at the waist, she was so exposed, so vulnerable.

Deciding the best way to find out what the level contained, Laura assumed the position. Sure enough, like with the previous levels, once she stood like the virtual pony-girl, Laura wasn’t able to move. Standing there, Laura wasn’t sure what the purpose of the level was, until she felt a thrust inside her. The dildo that sat snugly in her sex, the one she’d fantasied of riding for the last three weeks, had started to move. As it thrusted, Laura saw the counter in front of her tick up. Over the last few weeks, it had become a ritual of Laura’s to reward herself with an orgasm every time she completed Level 2. Having been denied this due to the chastity belt, Laura was loving the sensation this dildo was giving her. Happy to keep playing this level forever, Laura tried her hardest to gyrate with the thrusts, feeling an orgasm building. From her restricted position she could do little but enjoy as each thrust felt like it went further and further inside her. As the dildo upped the tempo Laura felt herself on the threshold and erupted into orgasm. With dismay she saw the counter in front of her drop back down to zero. That’s the level!? Having so conditioned herself to orgasm most evening after having completed Level 2, Laura was horrified at the prospect of forcing herself **not** to cum. Before Laura had an opportunity to consider the implications of all of this the dildo started up again, and Laura saw the counter start to tick up once more.

The rest of the evening Laura spent being fucked by her now very real dildo. Each time Laura’s sex was getting more and more sensitive, yet the dildo somehow managed to simulate her so she could go again and again. By midnight the game gave its usual “You Lose!” message and Laura was released from her position. After countless orgasms Laura was barely able to stand and fell forward onto her bed. In her dreams that evening her beautiful mare was prancing around the same field, this time chased playfully by a strong stallion.

The next morning Laura found with relief she was able to remove the butt plug to be able to use the bathroom. Tellingly, however, she wasn’t allowed to start the game until it was back in. Tired, Laura looked at herself in the bathroom mirror. Laura was aware she had one more day to finish the game, or she’d be going into college tomorrow looking like a Star Wars fangirl. Having some breakfast and preparing the water and sugar cubes in her Feed Room, she began the game. Despite completing both levels with ease the day before, Laura’s tiredness had caught up with her, and her new companions weren’t helping her concentration. She frequently failed to raise her knees high enough during Level 1 and kept gagging during Level 2. When it came to Level 3 Laura realised it was going to be more a battle of wills than anything. Despite lasting until 40 this time, the constant chop and change of the dildo’s movements meant Laura couldn’t help herself as her body erupted into another massive orgasm. As the counter restarted, Laura knew in her heart she wasn’t finishing the game that evening.

The next morning Laura dug out a baggy sweatshirt and pants to best hide her new accessories while out the apartment. Despite her innocuous clothing, with every step Laura felt her face was going to give away the fact she had a dildo and butt plug inside her, stimulating her constantly. The non-stop arousal was making it impossible for Laura to concentrate as her lecturer walked the students through the banal intricacies of the appeals process. All Laura could think about was getting home and playing the game. As soon as the clock struck five Laura raced home.

And so, the game became Laura’s life. Each evening Laura would carefully play through Levels 1 and 2, trying her hardest not to become aroused at what had become so conditioned in her at this point. In her dreams she found herself frolicking in open fields, playing with the other ponies, and, on occasion, being mounted by that familiar stallion. Her legs were starting to show definition from the tens of thousands of high-knees she had done by this point. Her throat barely perceived the intruding dildo as she took the whole thing every evening. The arousal of her constant intruders notwithstanding, Laura conditioned herself to deny orgasms as best she could. She was determined not to fail. On a faithful Sunday evening, two weeks after having received the new controllers, Laura achieved her aim. With the willpower of a god, Laura succeeded in holding herself back from an orgasm as the counter ticked to 100. The elusive “Congratulations!” message appeared on her HUD, telling her she had passed Level 3, she had succeeded in her challenge. Out in her living room the next level appeared.

#### *Endurance*

Exhausted, Laura had almost forgotten what her avatar looked like when she clicked on the tutorial for Level 4. Laura saw her familiar pony-girl stride through her apartment. With every step, she simply oozed sex appeal. Laura marvelled at how confident, how self-assured her virtual self looked. In her hand the pony-girl held what looked like an inflatable bulb which connected to the back of her chastity belt. Diligently, the pony-girl got onto all fours in the middle of the training area and began squeezing the bulb. Confused, Laura wondered how she’d be able to replicate the pony-girl’s actions when she saw a similar bulb had appeared in her hands. Sure enough, squeezing it standing up did nothing to the game, but once she knelt down onto all fours the familiar counter appeared in front of her.

With a deep breath, unsure of what was to come next, Laura compressed the inflatable bulb and felt a corresponding expansion of the butt plug inside her. In front of her, her counter ticked up to 1. Having never had anything inside of her ass before this game, the sensation of now increasing the size of the butt plug was making Laura feel so full. What was more, she could feel the plug pressing up against the dildo inside her sex. Having not been granted an orgasm that evening, Laura was overcome by her desperate need to cum. If this was how Laura felt on 1, how was Laura meant to reach 100?

Each inflation was a new threshold for Laura. By the time it was midnight, Laura had barely made it passed 9, yet the size of the plug inside of her felt enormous. As the game announced her failure for the millionth time, she could feel the butt plug deflate inside her. To get to 100 Laura was going to need time for her body to be comfortable with something of that size. Taking off her goggles, she saw the inflator was indeed virtual, and there was nothing attached to her chastity belt that she could otherwise tamper with. Going to bed that evening, Laura grappled with the prospects of reaching 100. That evening Laura dreamt she was bound to a wooden block in the barn, being taken by the farm stud.

Another three weeks passed before Laura got the butt plug to a size the game wanted. She’d all but given up on college, opting instead each morning to practice her routine of prancing, serving, and behaving. Her summer internship was coming up, but she didn’t even bother to respond to any of the on-boarding emails. Her focus was solely on the game. Her legs had toned into an athletic pose, her ass sculpted by hundreds of high-knees a day. Her blowjob skills were at a point now where she rarely even stopped to breathe in-between deep throats. Despite not being able to cum with the chastity belt on, Laura still endured the thrusts of Level 3, all in the knowledge that she had to pass Level 4. It had been weeks since Laura’s last orgasm, but Laura wasn’t even thinking of that. All she could think of was the game. She had to pass the game. By the end of June, a full two months since she’d started the game, she had trained herself to take the mammoth size that was 100 pumps of the butt plug.

#### *Commitment*

After the congratulatory fireworks that had taunted Laura at the end of each level, Laura was left with a final pop up. How did she know it was the last stage? Because the box floating in front of her stated “Boss Battle”. Whatever was on the other side of that box, she figured, was the final stage in the game. Taking a breath, Laura’s mind having become so conditioned to focus on nothing but the game, she clicked the button.

Laura’s virtual pony-girl appeared before her, as elegant and regal as ever. Her long legs strode over to Laura’s front-door, where she stood, looking to Laura as if she wanted her to open it. Sure enough, when Laura went to her front door, she found a package on her doorstep. Picking it up, Laura didn’t even stop to consider how it came to be delivered to her so quickly, when she’d had to wait for so long for all the other deliveries. Sitting down on her sofa, she was reminded of the massive butt plug inside her. Opening the box, Laura found another butt plug, alongside what looked like a pair of hairdresser’s scissors. This butt plug was considerably larger than the one she’d put inside herself all those weeks ago, until she remembered what size the one inside her must currently be.

Laura noticed the plug had some kind of spring mechanism that allowed her to open the back of it. Its purpose though Laura couldn’t ascertain. Confused, Laura saw her virtual pony-girl reappear in front of her. Picking up the scissors, the pony-girl grabbed her hair in one hand and in one quick movement cut off her ponytail. Her hair fell into layers, and the virtual pony-girl now had a pixie haircut. The pony-girl then took the ponytail and fed it into the open butt plug. When the spring was released, it held the hair in place. Laura then watched as the pony-girl inserted the new butt plug in her rear. The result was a tail made from her beautiful hair swaying between her legs, like a real pony.

Laura could feel the nerves as she realised what she had to do. The countless high-knees, deep-throats, denied orgasms, ever larger butt plugs – all of this was in preparation for this final sign of commitment. If Laura did this, she would become a true pony-girl. Putting her hair into a ponytail, Laura could feel herself shaking. All her life Laura always had beautifully long brunette hair. It was one of her most defining features. Was she really about to cut it off for a game? Laura was shaking at how far this game had pushed her. How compliant it had made her. How subservient. As Laura took the scissors and held them to the base of her ponytail, she also realised and accepted something deeper. It wasn’t just the game making her do these things. She wanted it. She craved it. The repetition. The routine. She wanted to be the elegant, disciplined pony. This was Laura’s final challenge: to become a real pony-girl. With a deep breath, Laura took the plunge and cut her hair. It took a few tries, each cut a confirmation of her commitment.

Holding her former ponytail in her hand, Laura picked up the butt plug and fed in the hair as her virtual counterpart had done. Standing up, she caught her reflection in the mirror, how similar she looked to her virtual counterpart. Reaching behind her, she felt for the base of her butt plug. Slowly, for what felt like half an hour, she slowly eased out the giant butt plug from inside her, having been inflated over 100 times from its original size. She could feel the cool air against her rear. Taking the lube, she slowly worked the new butt plug inside her. As she worked the new plug in, she looked back on how far she’d come. Having never deep-throated anything before. Having never had a butt plug or anything else inside her. How she’d trained herself to not orgasm. How she’d made her owner proud. After an eternity, Laura could feel the butt plug finally go past the point of no return. Forcing herself not to keel over from the presence of this new plug, Laura stood up, seeing herself in the mirror. If it weren’t for the goggles, Laura wouldn’t be able to tell the difference between the virtual pony-girl and herself. The elegance. The power. As her tail swayed between her legs, Laura felt it, she really had become a pony-girl.

As she continued to admire herself in the mirror, the familiar fireworks appeared in the corner of her vision. In front of her, a simple message: “Well done pony”. Laura heard the locks around her collar, cuffs, bra and belt all unscrew simultaneously. Almost scared, she reached up for her collar, and found she could take it off. Slowly taking off all the restraints, Laura left the belt for last. Surely there had to be another level after this? Her hair? She’d just cut off her beautiful hair to make a tail, and now she wasn’t even going to wear it? Sure enough, the belt was unlocked, and after some adjustment Laura was able to remove the plug and dildo from inside of her. For the first time in two months, Laura was free.
